 The next big experience I had with Dante was when he and some people were at this bon fire about 5 miles out of town on the property of this old abandon house. I remember it being cold outside and on this night, Dante called my apartment pretty early and gave me directions out there. I believe it was around 9 o'clock but it was already very dark outside. When I pulled in, there was this little gravel driveway with an old barn sitting just to the left. 

There was a huge fire burning and several people sitting around it drinking and having a good time. Most were black athletes but I could see white guys and some women as well. All the cars parked on the other side of the barn. I pulled my car beside Dante's new SUV. It was silver but I don't remember what kind it was. I do remember thinking, how does a college student afford such a nice vehicle. Humm. A 6 foot 10 inch scholarship athlete having such a nice vehicle seems a little fishy but I'm getting off subject. 

Before I even stopped the car, Dante came walking up to it and greeted me as I opened the door. 

"Dude, I'm glad you made it out. Come over here and get in my ride," Dante requested. 

I got in the passenger's side and he sat in the driver's seat. It had been a few weeks since I had blew Dante and I knew exactly what he wanted. 

"You want me to do it right here? What if someone come out here?" I asked Dante. 

He answered, "It's alright, most of them know anyway."

I was anxious to get started. I love Dante's thick, black, 11 inch, uncircumcised cock. My own cock was rock hard in my jeans. I took Dante's belt buckle and unfastened it. I then unzipped his jeans.

"Raise up so I can get em down," I instructed Dante. 

He put his feet on the floor and raised his ass up off the seat while he took his thumbs and shimmied his pants and underwear down to his calves. His black cock was already sticking up in the air and he was holding it away from his body so that he wouldn't get any precum on his shirt.

"I don't want to get any stains on my shirt, so don't let it touch," Dante ordered.

My hand replaced his and I started stroking him by sliding his foreskin up and down while being careful not to let his leaking cock head touch his stomach. I leaned over the console and put my mouth on his dick head and started licking and kissing it. I wrapped my lips on that huge mushroom and started sucking it. Before I really got into it, Dante asked me to stop.

"Hold up man. I gotta piss like a racehorse before we get goin," Dante warned.

He opened the door and slid his pant constricted legs around and put his feet on the ground. I could hear people in the background at the fire having a good time. He took hold his half hard horse cock and aimed it toward the back of the SUV. He then bolted out a huge stream of piss that seemed to last a minute. When he finished pissing, Dante shook his cock to get the last drop out and sat back down on the seat, then slid his legs back under the steering wheel. 

I leaned back down and put my mouth around it once again. I could taste his pee but it was still warm and very salty but didn't taste bad. I licked it up while I was jerking and sucking his growing cock. Since Dante is so tall, his legs were almost pressed against the steering wheel. 

I suggested to Dante, "Let's move your seat back further and recline it more. I want you more comfortable while I suck it." 

"No problem," Dante's responded as he did both.

Now he was leaning back almost in a laying down position. I was now in a better position to give him a great blowjob. I went back to slurping on that huge hog while he tilted his head back and in no time, started moaning. Dante's dick is too big to deepthroat but I tried like hell to do it every so often. I was getting a nice smooth up and down rhythm going on him when I heard someone tapping on the window. I was startled and popped my head up. Dante turned the key, then rolled down his automatic window. A black guy nick-named Mac popped his head through the window.

"What's up Te?" Mac asked. He continued, "I was wondering where you went and then when I come walking over here, all I can see is this top of a head, going up and down, in your lap. I thought you had one of your bitches over here."

Dante answered, "Well you know how it is. Anyway this dude sucks dick better than any bitch I have ever had. Plus he always swallows the shit. You ought to give him a try when I'm done. I ain't playin dude, he is better than a hoe."

"I'm not down with no dude, so I will let you two at it," said Mac as he was about to leave.

"I'm tellin ya. He will suck your dick like a fuckin vacuum cleaner. You will blow your nut harder than you ever have. That's a fact. Just think about it," informed Dante. 

Dante rolled up the window as he focused his attention back at me, "Let's do this now. Get back down there. Just make sure you fuckin catch all the shit because I don't want any of it in my ride. I wanna keep these seats shinin."

"Have I ever let you down before?" I asked. "Just to be sure, warn me when you are about to cum," I added. 

Dante chuckled as he leaned back and offered his black erection to me once again. I leaned down and started sucking his cock once again. I wanted to really build him up to a powerful orgasm. I got back to my smooth up and down rhythm that I was performing before being interrupted. I knew it wouldn't take Dante long to give me his sperm. 

"That's it! Suck that dick, man. Suck it nice and slow. Just like that!" Dante encouraged.

I pressed my lips a little tighter so to give Dante more pressure. I was also careful to keep my saliva flowing so I could provide enough lubrication while I gave him head. I decided to get a little higher up on my knees in the passenger seat to get a better angle. 

Dante was getting close and he let me know it when he said, "Oh shit. I'm about there. Damn! Just like that dude! Don't forget to catch it all!"

Dante starting loudly groaning as his body went stiff, "Aauugghhhh! Fuck, I'm cummin! Aauuggghhhhh!

His first blast jolted into the roof of my mouth which was soon followed by the second shot. I could feel Dante's warm seed collecting in my mouth but I was careful not to slow down my sucking and not to spill any of his cum. Dante's body stayed clenched and I could feel his upper body rocking as emptied his balls. When his spurts became less, Dante rested his big hand on the back of my head. He finally stopped cumming and laid back as he went into recovery mode. 

"Whoa! That was fuckin awesome! You give the best head in town," Dante complimented. 

I still had Dante's softening cock in my mouth. I squeezed it and ran my hand upward to milk out the last drop. I even wrapped my hand around the base, squeezed, and stroked it once again to make sure. I slowly pulled off not to lose any of the cum. It felt clumpy and I swallowed it without any incident. When you suck the same guy off more than once, his cum has a certain taste that is slightly different than other guys and this definitely had that salty, Dante taste. Dante shimmied his pants back up. 

"Whew! That was good! Hold on a second. Don't leave yet. I'm gonna see if I can talk Mac into coming back and gettin a blowjob from ya. Is that cool?" Dante asked. 

I was now extremely horny with my own aching hard on in my pants, so I replied, "That's cool. I bet he doesn't want too though."

Dante opened the door and walked toward the fire. He was gone about 10 minutes and I couldn't really see what was going on. When I was about to give up, I saw a shadow coming toward the SUV and when he got to the door, I could tell it was indeed, Mac. He opened the door and got in. What really stands out in my memory is he smelled of fire wood.

Mac broke the silence when he said, "Alright I guess I'm down. Te says you suck a mean dick and I could always get mine sucked. How ya want to do this?"

I responded, "Just pull your pants down, and relax right there in the seat. I'll take care of the rest."

Mac lifted his ass and pulled his pants down just past his balls. His cock was soft and just lying on his leg. I leaned over the seat, started playing with it and sucking on the rubbery tube. It did not take very long before it came to life and when it was completely hard, I would guess it to be an average 7 to 7 ½ inches long. I could tell with my tongue that Mac was circumcised. I knew I would be able to deepthroat him but when I would go down further, my lips would be stopped by his pants that were up against the bottom of his erection. 

"Pull em down just a little further. I'm going to deepthroat you," I instructed Mac.

He excitedly pulled them all the way down to his ankles. He leaned back and I got up further on my knees once again so that I could get the perfect angle. I relaxed my throat muscles and took Mac's hard-on all the way down until my lips were pressed into his pubic hair. I bobbed slowly up and down so he could really feel his deepthroat blowjob. He was squirming around in his seat, especially when I would go all the way down.

"God damn. Te wasn't lyin. You're the fuckin shit when it comes to suckin dick," Mac gasped. 

I mumbled, "uh huh" but didn't stop my rhythm. 

Mac was getting real close to cumming as I continued to deepthroat his cock. 

He was breathing hard and fast when he huffed, "You actually enjoy suckin dick more than a hoe does. You like that cum, don't ya? 

I once again mumbled, "uh huh" as I didn't stop my rhythm. 

"Fuck! You love that cum, don't ya? If you like it so much, then keep goin cause you're bout to get it. It's gettin close, so don't ya fuckin worry," Mac announced. 

Mac lifted his ass off the seat, stiffened his body and arched is back so high that his shoulders and feet were the only things that were touching the seat and floor. I had my left hand on his stomach and my right hand was cupping his balls. 

Mac was holding his breath and grunting loudly in pleasure as he choked out in desperation, "I'm cummin! Shit! Augh! Catch that fuckin nut! Eat that shit! Eat it!"

Mac was releasing his load in my mouth and throat. The first shot wasn't forceful but the amount did fill my mouth up pretty quickly as he continued to arch his back throughout every warm spurt. I continued to suck his cock while he shot his load. Mac's orgasm lasted about 20 seconds and it felt like he released more sperm than even Dante. Mac's ass flopped back down in the seat and his cock plopped right out of my mouth, taking a long stream of his cum with him. Good thing it landed on his stomach or Dante would have been pissed. 

I still had my mouth full when Mac said, "Damn, that was tight. You can suck my dick anytime."

I swallowed his cum and responded, "See. A blowjob is just a blowjob no matter who gives it. You really liked when I deepthroated you."

I then leaned down further and slurped the blob off his stomach to make sure he was completely clean.

Mac responded while I was cleaning him up, "Fuck yea I did. You completely swallowed that dick. When I was cummin, it felt like my asshole was turning inside out! Hey, listen. Do you have one more left in ya? My Pops is out there and he has been divorced for a couple of years now and it's hard tellin when the last time he had some pussy. Would you mind givin him head?"

My jaw was tired but I agreed to give his dad a blowjob as I answered, "Alright, send him back here but tell him to get in the back where it is more comfortable."

"Cool! I'll send him. Great blowjob dude. Later," said Mac as the door opened and he got out. 

I also got out of the front of the SUV and got in the back. It wasn't long when Mac's father came to the car. He had a big thick beard and wore a ball cap. He told me his name was Joe and he hadn't had sex in a long time since his wife had left him. Joe was big and burley, not overly muscular but just thick and he looked to be in his mid-forties. 

When Joe got it the back of the SUV with me, he said, "I appreciate this. Me and my old lady split up a couple of years ago and I honestly can't remember the last time I nutted. I need somethin."

With cum still on my breath, I replied, "That's ok. Don't worry about it. I will give that dick of yours a good suckin. Why don't you take your pants completely off and hang them over the seat. We can't mess up Dante's vehicle or he will kill us."

Joe took off his work boots and set them on the floor. He pulled his jeans and his white underwear off and his cock stuck straight up like a pole. It was very long. It looked to be about 9 or 10 inches long and it stood straight up in the air without touching his stomach. 

"Damn. You're hung pretty good there I see," I commented.

"Yea. Never had any complaints from the ladies but I'm in a long dry spell right now and I need to fuckin shoot a load before I bust," Joe replied. 

As I took my hand and smacked his long black hard-on, I said, "Like I said, don't worry. I'll take care of this thing. You sit back and relax. I'll make you cum real hard," 

His rigid cock hardly moved after I smacked it. 

I instructed Joe, "Lean back against the door and put one leg over the front seat." 

Joe did as I instructed. The back of his head was against the side window. With just his flannel shirt and white socks on, Joe draped his left leg over the driver's seat head rest and his right leg was bent and up against the back seat back rest. With his legs spread so wide, he was offering his huge dick for my service. 

I wrapped my hand around it and started jerking. This cock was uncircumcised and when I stroked down, it revealed a very large and rigid head. I wanted to get more comfortable so I put one knee on the floor and one knee up in the seat. I was positioned perfectly between his legs. 

"Let's see if you taste as good as your son," I said as I put my mouth on it. 

As soon as my mouth wrapped around his dong, Joe let out a very loud pleasure moan. I started sucking his cock while I jerked that thick foreskin. 

"Oh Shit! That is what I needed right there. Keep suckin on it," Joe moaned. 

I kept sucking and stroking for quite a while when I decided I was going to deepthroat him also. I knew it wouldn't be easy with his size but after gagging a couple of times, I took that cock all the way down. 

"Are you fuckin kiddin me?! No fuckin way! I can't believe you can do that. That's awesome," Joe said in impressive amazement. 

I continued alternating between straight sucking and deepthroating. I knew Joe was getting close to cumming because I could feel his throbbing heart beat through his helmet inside my mouth and it was also leaking a good amount of precum. I was afraid he would cum too quick before I built him up properly, so I pulled my mouth off and started jerking that rock hard dick.

I had added plenty of saliva on that cock to give me lubrication. With my fingers on top of it and with my thumb underneath, I continued jerking. I quickly dove my tongue into his balls. He slumped down a little further and now his other leg was up over the back seat, giving me total access to his nuts. Joe had huge, loose balls and I sucked on the skin in-between licks as I could hear him moaning in the background. 

I continued to jack him while I ate Joe's balls when I started getting worried about him making a mess in Dante's vehicle. I lifted my head back up and decided I was going to verbally help Joe out. 

"Come on Joe! Give me that nut! Blast it in my mouth! Come on. I want it! I want to eat it and see how you taste. Do it!" I coaxed.

Joe responded desperately, "Ok! Ok! I'm about too! Hurry, put it in your mouth!"

I could easily see that Joe's eyes and his mouth opened real wide when I just barely got my mouth wrapped around his dick before he grunted out a huge wad of sperm that launched and landed in the back of my throat which caused me to choke. My first instinct was to pull my mouth off his shooting prick and just finish him with my hand when I felt Joe's hand grab the back of my head, not allowing my mouth to pull off. 

Joe never stopped grunting as he emptied his "blue balls' into my mouth with his continuous eruption. He also was using his legs to yank on the seats they were draped over. The huge amount of cum in each spurt began to slow down until Joe had stopped altogether. He released the back of my head and completely relaxed to where he was almost lying flat on his back in the back seat. 

When I pulled my mouth off Joe's huge dick, a glob of cum escaped my mouth and oozed down my chin just like what happened with Mac. I also had that first thick glob that Joe shot about half stuck in my throat. My mouth was full but I had to hack and cough the slime out of my windpipe before I could swallow. I was a mess trying to cough it up without losing any out of my mouth and my open hand under my chin in case that wad of splooge fell. 

"I told ya it's been a while! It was like a loaded weapon going off," said Joe referring to the sticky load of sperm he blasted in my throat hard enough to choke me. 

I finally managed to get the cum coughed up so that I could swallow it down the proper pipe and get my chin wiped off. My eyes were watering and I shook my head.

"Damn. That was tough. You weren't lying. It felt like you had a ton of cum saved up. That first shot stuck right in the back my throat but I didn't want to stop so you could finish strong," I told Joe.

"I used to do that same thing to my ex-old lady. Out of reaction I would hold her head down and choke the shit out of her with my nut. She would get pissed. Didn't matter, cause she stopped suckin years ago anyway," informed Joe.

We exchanged a few more words and he got out and left. I also got out of Dante's SUV and got into my car and drove back to my apartment. I jerked off in the shower while I thought about the blowjobs I had just given. I was so horny that the first shot out of my cock, hit the tile against the wall. It was a great evening.