 Over the next few weeks or so, it was pretty routine. I would go over to Dante and Vinny's dorm either on a Friday or Saturday night, and give one or both of them a blowjob. This was typical until Christmas vacation. Dante's basketball season was in full swing and he was the 6'10 starting center and even Vinny's football season hadn't ended because they actually made a bowl game for the first time in years. Basically around campus there wasn't many students except for the athletes, a few fraternity guys and sorority girls. There was a small party at the black fraternity on campus. I remember it was on a Monday night because Monday Night Football was playing on the TVs. Dante wanted me to come with him. I rode in his SUV and we had small talk. 

"I'm gonna first get drunk tonight, then I'm gonna get my nut!" Dante announced and then looked at me and added, "You gonna help me with that, ain't ya?" 

I answered, "Don't I always? Just don't get real drunk because it always takes you forever to cum."

"I can't promise you that. But I can promise that even if I have a chance to hook up, I will save that load for you. I swear you give the best head ever and I cum so fuckin hard when you do it," Dante assured. 

We went on to talk about other stuff including the basketball season when we pulled up close to the Frat house. I remember there was no place to park, so we had to park on the street about 3 blocks away. I had seen the house several times but this was the first time attending. I will say there were few white guys and girls but not many. This was a black fraternity and 90 percent of the people were black. This house was three stories and had a huge winding staircase in the lobby. It was pretty nice.

The evening went along and I started catching a good buzz while talking to many people. I rarely saw Dante as he was in and out of many rooms. I never checked the time when Dante approached me but it had to be very late. I was in the bathroom pissing and when I came out, he was standing in the hallway. Of course he towers over me when he leaned down to get ear level.

Dante whispered in a slurring manner, "Dude, let's find a place. I'm so ready to get mine."

I knew he was fucked up but I was pretty drunk myself. 

"Where can we go without someone around?" I asked.

"I saw a room on the third floor. I've been scopin it out all night," Dante whispered again in his drunken state. 

I followed him up to that room and sure enough the door was wide open. There was music playing but the room was empty. It had posters of Tupac and Scarface with a lava lamp in the corner. It was a cool room. 

"Let's go in here," said Dante as he led me into a walk-in closet located on the side of the room. 

He had to duck way down to get inside this closet. It had a pull chain light and it was about 12 foot long and 6 foot wide. It wasn't huge but had enough room to stand with all the hanging clothes beside us. We were both standing face to face when Dante put his hand on top of my head and started pushing it down. I knew exactly what he wanted as I got down on my knees in front of him.

Dante encouraged in his drunken slurring voice, "Go on now! Don't let Paper Bear down. Give me a good one. Suck on it real good for me."

The closet had older double doors with slats that faced downward. They were the type where you could see out but others could not see in. I was still worried that that if someone came in, they would see the light turned on in the closet.

"Turn off the light and take your pants off," I instructed Dante.

He was wearing shorts and pulled them down along with is boxers. It wasn't easy but with the light coming in, I could still see that huge, black, uncircumcised cock, flop out. The foreskin was still draped over the head and that smoothness was glistening in the dim light. With Dante's height, it is not real easy to suck him off on my knees because I have to raise up higher than with most guys. 

I kissed on that huge cock and really smelled it. It smelled like oily musky skin. I loved it and couldn't wait to get it hard and pleasure it. I really took my time and pulled the foreskin back to give me access to that huge head that I've grown to love over the last few months. I was slow stroking that black shaft, while I mostly licked in the cleft under the head. Dante's cleft isn't as deep as Vinny's but that is one of my signature moves when I give head. I would alter licking in that tunnel and digging with the tip of my tongue in his piss hole. 

Now Dante leaks more precum than any person I have ever sucked off and I have sucked a lot of dick in my day. He just put his hands against the ceiling and leaned back just to allow me to do my thing. It was not easy and I had to work for it but Dante's huge 11 inch dick, finally got fully hard. Right on cue, when Dante's cock gets erect he starts to leak precum like a slow leaking faucet. It was dripping on my chin as I tried to pull his cock down. I would also hold the head toward me and lick from the head all the way up the side until I reached his pubic hair. I loved using my tongue to follow that huge vein that runs all the way down the shaft like a finger running over a road map. 

Dante was groaning and breathing fairly loud and my slurp sucking sound was all that could be heard in this closet. I was afraid first, someone would come in and second, someone would hear us. I continued to work hard on his huge dick with my hand and my mouth but it was taking Dante a long time to cum just like it always does when he is drunk. My neck and jaws were actually starting to get stiff and I was starting to sweat from the hard work. 

Dante whispered his order, "Lick my bag."

I kept jerking him off as I dug my tongue into his wrinkly nuts. I would lift his sac with my tongue before I would let if fall back down and dig my face in between them. I could feel his stubble hair on his balls which told me the last time he had shaved them was a few days ago. Dante actually took his erection away from me and began to stroke it himself as I gave his balls a complete tongue bath. This went on for several minutes when finally my neck and jaws had become very tired. 

I suggested, "Why don't you get down on your knees and just fuck my mouth. I need to rest my neck."

As Dante started to get down on the floor in this cramped space, I noticed a stubby, four legged foot stool in the corner under some hanging shirts, covered with a couple of books, belts, and a pair of shoes. I raked the stuff to the floor and slid that stool over in front of Dante who was now on his knees. Even with the small amount of light coming in the closet door, I could still see his black horse cock sticking straight out and now shimmering with my saliva.

Dante directed me, "Hey, lay down on your back with your head hangin upside down over the edge and I'll do it that way."

I thought that was a great idea... at least in the beginning. I laid down on my back with my head hanging over just like Dante wanted. He shuffled forward, took hold of his cock, pulled it down, and put his mushroom shaped head up against my lips. I opened my mouth wide and Dante went ahead and slid his dong in as far as he could until it reached the back of my throat. He put his hands beside me on the stool and braced himself.

Dante lifted his ass upward and started to slowly fuck my mouth. At first everything was fine because he was pumping in a nice smooth rhythm and didn't try to force too much in my throat. As he thrusted in an out, he got so excited in his drunken horniness, it caused him to push the limit by shoving his pole in just a little too far. That caused me to gag and I had to turn my head just to pull it out. He would line it back up and off he would go again until he gagged me each time. After a few times, I pulled this massive meat out of my mouth and stroked it with his balls resting in my face hoping he would get the hint. 

In Dante's lusted state, he rocked back and forth rubbing his balls on my face as he jerked his shaft. 

"That's it, right there. Hold your face still. Hold that face still while you eat on those nuts. Damn. Just like that. Yea. Yea," Dante groaned while he tea bagged me. 

This went on long enough for me to think he was going to keep doing this until he came on my chest. Occasionally his balls would collapse so much around my face that they would block by breathing causing me to turn my head. That didn't slow Dante down one bit as he would just rub his balls on my cheek until I turned my head back around. 

Dante pulled his cock and balls off my face and instructed me, "Turn over on your belly, I'm wanna fuck that mouth with ya like that." 

As I turned over, I could smell sex and bodily secretions in this cramped space air. Both Dante and I were wet with sweat with the lack of ventilation. My lips were numb from all the sucking, but I knew Dante needed to clean out his balls and I was going to let him use my mouth to help him out no matter how uncomfortable I was starting to get. I laid on my stomach on this foot stool with my neck hanging over front. 

An impatient Dante took hold of his hard-on and rushed his order, "Open up! I need to get this nut."

I opened my mouth wide and covered my teeth with my lips once again while Dante scooted forward and put his black tool in my mouth. He put both his hands around the back of my head and neck to hold his "fuck hole" still. I held my mouth perfectly still so Dante could get off in it. He started slowly fucking it like he had done previously. His breathing got heavier and louder. His lust built up so strong that he started penetrating too deep once again but not to interrupt his rhythm and concentration, I didn't stop him. My eyes were watering and I would internally gag sometimes but I knew Dante was about to cum. I reached around his hips and started tapping his muscular ass each time it contracted during each inward thrust. I knew that would put him over the edge. 

Dante grunted, "Oh shit! Hang on! That shit's feelin good...almost there! Almost! Hang on! Don't move! Don't ya fuckin move!"

He loudly growled while he started quivering and pulling my head harder toward him as he erupted in my mouth, "Auugghhh yea! Fuck! Papa bear's cummin! Auugghh!"

Dante wasn't lying. He was unloading that pent up, drunken load directly onto the back of my tongue and coating my tonsils with each jolt. His whole body quaked during his immense ejaculation. I felt like he was depositing every last sperm that he had built up in his balls, into my mouth. He wasn't just shooting his cum but releasing all his frustration and I knew my job was just to stay still, provide that outlet, and let him finish how he wished. 

Dante's thick black cock finally stopped erupting in my mouth but Dante continued to hold onto my head while his body continued to shake and quiver, trying to enjoy his post orgasm come down. At that point, I really needed him to pull his cock out of my mouth so I could swallow all that warm thick seed because it was starting to ooze into the back of my throat. It had that thick, phlegmy feel and I needed to swallow before it gagged me or before it ran down my chin. 

"Whew! That's what the fuck I'm talkin about! That was a damn good nut right there," bragged Dante as he squeezed from the base of his softening cock and ran his tight grip down his shaft to his head in order to get the last drop of cum out like you would with a tube of toothpaste. 

Dante then slowly pulled his dong out of my mouth and I was a complete mess. I finally had enough room in my mouth to swallow Dante's thick slime. I had spit, cum, tears and who knows what else all over my face, chin, shirt and hair, not to mention we were both drenched with sweat. We opened the door and it was like a cool, refreshing breeze came rushing in. I felt like I could breathe some fresh air and I was recovering from the hostile treatment of my face as Dante clicked on the light, looking for his shorts. Dante's black cock was covered in a white frothy liquid mixed with his cum and my saliva and it swung back and forth as he looked around. I still hadn't moved but eventually Dante had gotten completely dressed. 

"We better get the fuck outa here," suggested Dante. He grabbed his crotch through his shorts and shook it when he added, "I thank ya and he thanks ya. We will both sleep good tonight."

Dante left the closet and the room but there was no way I could leave looking like I did. I surveyed myself and I had white slimy cum on the front of my shirt and I could feel wetness on different parts of my face and neck. I'm ashamed to admit it but I grabbed one of this guy's folded shirts and starting wiping off with it. Just I was about to leave the closet, I could hear a voice getting louder and closer. I was very nervous so I closed the closet door and shut the light out. I could see through the door slats but I stayed very still and quiet. 

In walked the person, whom I'm assuming at that time, used this room. He was an average size dark skinned black guy who was not big but muscularly cut. He came in, closed the door and locked it. He shuffled through some DVDs and put one in the player, took the remote and sat down on the coach. I didn't have a great view of the couch but I could see it from the end. This guy who, to this day, I still don't know his name, who I will call Johnny, took his jeans off and laid down on the couch to the side of the TV. He pointed the remote and started playing the video.

It was a porno and I couldn't see it but I could hear it. Johnny started stroking his black cock to life while he watched the movie. From my angle, I could see the top of his head, his one arm stroking his cock which was pointed straight up in the air, and his two feet on the other end from my vision. I could see the strained muscle definition in his shoulder and triceps as he jerked which looked very hot. He fast forwarded the DVD to certain scenes and then he would play the video while he stroked faster. Johnny then surprised me by pausing the movie and stood up. He was no Dante but still had an impressive dick. It was about three fourths hard and stuck out from his body with a slight downward hang. I could tell it was circumcised and I would estimate it about 8 to 8 ½ inches long, very thick and had large protruding veins streaking down it. His veins stuck out about as far as I have ever seen. 

Johnny walked over to his dresser and took the lotion off the top. He went back to the couch and squirted a ton of lotion all over his hard-on. He went back to stroking his cock, only this time he was sitting up. That fat black cock became very slathered up. He was using so much lotion that his hand and cock head were solid white and each stroke produced a loud slurping or smacking sound that could be heard throughout the room. I had a great side view of Johnny and he was really flailing away on that hog which was turning me on tremendously. 

I was so hard watching this that I thought about jacking off right there inside the closet. Then my lust took over even more and what I really wanted to do was go out there and help him relieve that raging erection with my mouth or hand. Unfortunately, I didn't feel I could do either and I just wanted to leave because the last thing anyone wants is some stranger in his closet. He stopped again and went into his bathroom and I knew that was my chance to get out. 

I opened the closet door and walked silently to the room door, and opened it, just as Johnny came out and yelled, "Hey! Who the fuck are you?"

I froze in my tracks and put my hands up as you would for a policeman that yelled for you to freeze. 

"It's cool!" I responded nervously. "I came here with Dante and we were just chilling," I added.

"Yea but what the fuck you doin in my room?" He snapped.

I realized that he had no idea I was in his closet but he thought I just came into the room. Even though I was nervous, I still couldn't help notice his veiny cock sticking out covered with white lotion. He even had a small precum string oozing down about a foot from the end of it. 

"I was just looking around and stumbled in here. You know, I could take care of that for ya," I answered, as I pointed, trying to take advantage of that opportunity. 

"What? Are you shittin me? I'm not gay!" Johnny stated emphatically. 

"I know. I know. I'll just jack you off and nobody has to know. Obviously you are horny and could use a hand. I tell you what, I will lock the door and give you a great handjob until you cum really hard. I will leave and nobody will be the wiser," I coaxed. 

We had a little bit more back and forth conservation and I really gave him an offer he couldn't refuse until he finally agreed. Johnny was still hesitant but his horniness prevailed. He sat down on the couch and I got on my knees in-between his legs. His cock was only about half hard and still covered with lotion. I took hold of it and spread the lotion evenly with my palm. As I did this, I stroked that lotion covered dick back to a full erection and it didn't take long at all. 

Johnny leaned back and spread his legs further to give me better access. I would jerk a few times and then twist my hand all the around his greased cock. I would alternate that technique while Johnny was looking upward with his eyes closed and giving a periodic groan in approval. His cock was rock hard yet felt so soft to the touch due to the lotion softening the skin and filling the air with coconut smell. I could also feel those protruding veins as I jerked which was extremely erotic for me. I really wanted to feel those veins inside my mouth. 

"Do you want me to wipe it off and suck it?" I asked.

"Naw. I'm getting close. Just kept jerkin it," he answered. 

I got up off my knees and sat down beside him on the couch. I turned my body to face him and started whacking his cock once again. It was so thick and my hand slid smoothly up and down while I awaited his eruption. I sped up just a little while Johnny scooted up to the edge of the couch. He was still leaning back but put his legs were sticking straight out. He was having trouble keeping his balance so I used my other hand to help him stay up. 

I was jerking him with my right hand as I placed my left hand on his upper back. I was lifting him up to more to a sitting position. He was pinching his own nipple with one hand and held his balance with the other which added to his sensation. 

"That's it, pinch that nipple. Pinch both nipples. Just like that," I encouraged.

Johnny started pinching both nipples and before he lost his balance, I scooted just a little closer to him to boost my stabilizing hand that was still on his back. It almost looked like I was holding him in baby cradle position. I continued to fist him up and down very quickly. I started to encourage him because I really wanted him to have a strong orgasm. 

"It's ok, let it out. Let me clean your pipes for you," I offered.

He didn't say anything but he had that concentration look on his face.

"You just sit there, relax and let me do all the work. That's it. Does that feel good?" I asked rhetorically. 

"Fuck yea," was all that he grunted out. 

Oh it's throbbing now! Show me how far you can shoot it! Do it! Give me that nut! Give it to me!" I demanded. 

That is what sent Johnny over the edge. While he was pinching his nipples, he was yelling and grunting, "Pump it! Pump that mother fucker! Auuggh yea! Shit!"

I was holding Johnny up as he held his mouth wide open and grunted so loud it echoed throughout the room. I was pointing his rock hard cock like a gun at a target. He forcefully thrust his hips out and I actually saw his piss hole open slightly as the first shot left his cock. When he shot, it was a little different than a typical cock releasing its load. His first shot was just a big thick glob that slowly oozed out and down my fingers which set up the second shot that flew out half way across the room. 
