 After that fraternity house hookup, I went home for Christmas and returned back to campus on the 28th. Most everyone was off campus, even the athletes. The football team was playing in one of those lesser bowl games on that same day. Vinny, our starting linebacker who was black, built like a muscular god with the biggest cock I have ever had, called me that evening and said he would be arriving sometime early the next morning and wanted me to go to his and Dante's athletic dorm room and stay all night waiting for him to get home. 

Vinny's conversation on the phone started with him saying, "Dude, we fuckin got our asses beat and I am so pissed. I'm not sure when our plane gets in but I want to make sure you're there when it does. Cherise (his girlfriend) is home with her folks and I need to get rid of this stress."

I knew what Vinny meant because he always talks about "getting rid of stress" when he wants to shoot his load. Because his dick is so huge, I almost need to know in advance if he wants to fuck or if he just wants a blowjob. If he wants to fuck, I need to prepare myself. 

"What do you think you're gonna want to do?" I asked so I knew exactly how to prepare. 

"Probably a little bit of everything. Just be sure you get yourself all prettied up for me?" Vinny replied. 

I knew he meant that he probably wanted anal and a blowjob. He also told me that he keeps a key to the dorm room in a magnet holder under his passenger side wheel well of his truck. When I know that I'm going to tangle with Vinny's 12 1/8 inch black cock which I might add is as big around as my wrist, I get very excited and very nervous at the same time. I'm not going to lie, it is painful but satisfying. 

That evening, I had gathered up a change a clothes, an enema, my Astroglide, and another object. My roommate Bob had a girlfriend who bought these rubber anal beads and I wanted to try them on Vinny. I knew I would have to talk him into letting me put them up his ass but I figured if he knew they would make him have a powerful orgasm, he wouldn't care. I like to try different things on my guys to give them exciting new experiences when they cum. 

That evening, everything went according to plan after I found the key, went into Vinny's dorm, took my enema, cleaned myself up and sat around watching TV. It started getting late and I decided to go to bed. I only had on my socks and underwear when I crawled into Vinny's bed and fell asleep. I was sleeping on my side when I was awaken in the middle of the night when Vinny slipped under the covers right behind me in the bed. I didn't actually wake up until I felt him pressed up against my back, his breath in my ear, and his hard cock sticking up between my butt cheeks. I could smell alcohol and Vinny told me the next morning that when his plane landed, he and some guys from the team went out for a few hours of drinking. 

As I finally gained all my faculties from my dead sleep, Vinny was using his hand to smack that hard cock of his up and down on my ass crack while we were both still under the covers. Somehow he had pulled my underwear down to my knees without me even knowing it. 

"You feel that shit? I'm hard as a gator brick and I'm fixing to get some of that ass," Vinny whispered anxiously. 

I was terrified he was going to try to stick that tree trunk up my ass without lubing it up first so my first instinct was to try to get up. As I moved, Vinny wrapped his hands around me and wouldn't let me move.

"Don't worry, I gotcha covered," Vinny whispered reassuringly. 

Apparently, Vinny had my lube bottle in his hand and I hadn't noticed it. Vinny then pulled his hips and moved his crotch back as he took his hands down there to lube himself up. He messed around down there for a few minutes until I felt him put a couple of fingers up against my asshole and slowly start sliding them in. 

"Go slow," I directed. "Let me get used to it."

"I told ya, I got ya covered. I'll getcha ready for me. Just chill," Vinny responded as he was now swirling and running his two fingers in and out and my anus trying to open me up and spread the lubrication evenly inside. 

"We gotta get these drawers off," he added as he hiked up his leg, took my underwear between his toes and pulled them all the way off. 

I felt him put that fat cock of his, against my asshole. It felt hot to the touch. Both of us were stil on our sides and I put my knees up a little, like one would do in the fetal position. I winced as he pushed the head into my sphincter. The pain started to shoot through me and I needed to pull off it but Vinny would have none of that as he held me tight by wrapping his arms around my chest. 

"Don't go anywhere. Stay with it. That's it, stay with it...yea just like that," Vinny encouraged.

I was breathing like a pregnant woman by sucking air in and out very quickly trying to get used to his pole sliding in me. 

"Ok. Ok. But you have to give me a minute. It's so fucking big, it's hard to take," I responded as the pain subsided a little. 

Vinny waited a minute or so then announced, "Alright, I'm coming in. Brace yourself."

He slowly started to push inch after inch into my ass as I squirmed from the pain. He then used a technique to take my mind off the huge cock stretching its way up me. Vinny put both the fingers that he had in my ass directly into my mouth and started sliding them in and out which simulated me giving them a blowjob. 

"Aw yea. Lick those those fingers man. Cherise likes to eat her pussy off my fingers. I want you to go ahead and suck your ass off of em," Vinny encouraged. 

This technique worked because I was getting very sexually charged and wasn't near as worried about the painful fat dick getting pushed up my ass. I hungrily sucked on Vinny's fingers as they slid in and out of my mouth and I didn't care that they were still covered in Astroglide.

Vinny kept talking nasty, "Aw yea. That shit's good ain't it? Keep eatin em. Lick that ass off them fingers. Now open that ass for big Vin and let him in."

Before I knew it, Vinny's monster cock kept on coming until it was completely buried in my ass. I felt his pubic hair touching the top of my ass crack and his balls were laying on my inner thigh. It was still painful but manageable, and it was the first time Vinny had been able to slide his entire horse cock in my ass without me pulling off of it at least once. If you have ever seen his dick, you would be even more impressed. 

I kept sucking Vinny's fingers when he started slowly sliding his huge black dong in and out of my rectum. I sensually sucked on them as if I was sucking them off. This was a win/win situation because not only did it allow me to be horny enough to forget about the huge dick stretching me out, it had Vinny so excited, I knew he would be cumming in no time. Vinny fucked me like that for quite some time and all I could do was moan and squirm with each thrust. We were still under the covers and the moonlight shown through the window giving us just enough light to see each other's silhouettes. 

Vinny's thick cock had me filling completely full as usual. I will give him credit because he had used so much lube, I could hear the rhythmic sucking sound my ass made gripped snugly around his pumping meat. 

"Hear that?" Vinny asked. "It sounds like your ass is sucking my dick. That shit's warm as hell too. I'm gonna nut way up there tonight, you can count on that." 

Vinny then slid his fingers out of my mouth and pulled the blanket back. He then lifted my top leg and since we were still laying on our side, my legs looked like a pair of scissors opened up ready to cut. He held my leg up in the air as he pumped. It felt like he went even deeper if that was even possible and with the size of Vinny's manhood, it already feels like he is literally in my stomach. Unless you have had a foot of cock in your ass, it is almost impossible to describe. 

Vinny is pumping and breathing fast. He was grunting in my ear when he brought my leg down, slowly rolled me onto my stomach and got on top without letting his dick slip out. He kept my legs together and spread his so he could straddle my ass. He got up on his knees in perfect mounting position. His weight was pressing against my ass and his dick was still completely submerged in my butt. 

As he again fucked my ass, Vinny switched his strokes to grinding, rather than thrusting in and out. I was moaning from the pain and pleasure with my face somewhat buried in the sheets. As his legs were spread really wide, his feet were close together because I could feel them. He leaned in and put his hands on the bed beside my shoulders to give him more support. He continued to grind and pound with shallow, fast strokes for several minutes. 

"You're bout to get the bull gravy. Be patient and hold still. Vin's getting close," Vinny warned in third person while grunting and huffing. 

I just laid still to provide Vinny that outlet. I knew he had a bad game and wanted desperately to release his built up frustration. 

"Aw yea. You're gonna make me cum. Aw shit! Lift that ass up a little! There ya go. Now tighten that ass! Tighten up!" Vinny ordered. 

I did what I was told by first lifting my ass up slightly to provide Vinny that perfect finishing angle and then squeezed my asshole muscles as tight as I could get them. When you have something as big as a coke bottle inside you, it's tough to tell how much you are actually squeezing but I was doing my best. Vinny's random groans turned into a loud extended groan which resemble a war yell. He was cumming deep in my bowels and wasn't moving his dick in and out much. 

"I'm cummin, God dammit!" he yelled while he was shooting. 

I could feel the twitches of his shaft and the heaving of his abs on my back as he released all of his sperm that seemed to come from his whole body in an animalistic manner. 

When Vinny actually stopped pumping me full of his warm load, he relaxed and his war grunt started trailing off. His crotch was still pressed firmly against my ass while he shook and quivered out his post orgasm come down. He continued to lay on me and wouldn't dismount. He stayed like that so long, I thought he may have passed out.

Without warning, I felt my stomach start to bloat as Vinny let out a smooth, calm, "Aauugghhh."

It took me a few seconds to realize what was happening. I felt like my bloated stomach was filling up with very warm liquid and that is when I knew Vinny was pissing deep inside my ass. I could actually feel the warm stream hitting my insides like a hose. I instinctively tried to get up but Vinny put his hands on my hips and kept his weight on my ass. 

"Hold still. Just hold up. You gotta let me finish," he stated in a matter of fact manner. 

Vinny continued to relieve himself up my butt. With the size of his huge cock, there wasn't any room for the pee to go except directly into my intestines. I take a lot of enemas so I know what it feels like to be filled up with liquid but this took it to a whole new level. Vinny probably pissed for what seemed like a gallon and didn't stop for well over a minute. Before my golden enema was completed, the urine was already starting to trickle back out of my anus around his deflating dick. I knew when he pulled out, it was going to be like a pipe that sprung a leak especially with my rectum being stretched out so far. 

Vinny stopped pissing and it was starting to run out a little quicker which I knew there wasn't much time before the bed would be a complete mess. I had a plan and I needed Vinny to be on the same page. 

I relayed the plan to Vinny, "I'm going to count to three and I want you to pull it out very quickly and move over to your right. I'm going to use my hand to hold it in and make a dash to the toilet."

He was on board and when I got to three, he pulled out quickly in which I remember it being painful because it was kind of sticking from having being in my ass for so long without a lot of movement. I cupped my hand over my stretched asshole like someone trying to plug a leaking hole, and sprinted to the bathroom but not before some of Vinny's piss escaped and pretty much went everywhere. I swear my stomach made audible swishing sounds as I ran. I sat on the toilet and expelled all of Vinny's piss which sounded like a girl peeing a river. The pressure that had built up inside my abdomen quickly disappeared as the liquid hit the toilet water with force. 

"Bra, you sound like Cherise takin a piss in there," Vinny laughed as he yelled from the bedroom. "After I busted that nut, I was about to fuckin bust a kidney so I thought I'd just fill ya up," I heard him mumble after the fact. 

I finished discharging all of Vinny's piss from my ass. I looked down in the toilet water and noticed that the urine was completely clear from the alcohol but did have the white milky appearance due to it being mixed with Vinny's cum. I cleaned up and came back out. Vinny was sitting on the bed with that fat donkey dick laying on the bed between his legs. It was still wet from the piss and cum. 

"How'd ya like that for a finish? That was the world's biggest creampie," Vinny chuckled. "You didn't get just one nut, you got both of em."

"What made you do that," I asked surprisingly? 

"I'm ain't sure. I thought it would be somethin different," he answered. "Just go ahead and crash here tonight. In the morning I want to get a little head before you bounce. You down?"

I ended up sleeping in Vinny's room because most of the wet spots were located at the foot of the bed and he slept on the couch. Even though I drained the liquid from my ass, I still felt Vinny's creampie ooze out of me all night. We didn't wake up till around noon and we were eating cereal when the topic of sex came up again. 

"You're up first, then I'll jump in the shower," Vinny said as part of his plan.

"That's cool," I said. "I got something new I want to try on you. It'll strengthen your orgasm."

"What'd ya have in mind?" he asked.

I walked over and pulled out the rubber anal balls and held them up and said, "These are called Ben Wah balls and I want to try them on you."

"No fuckin way. Ain't nuthin goin in my ass," Vinny said emphatically. 

"Come on. It will make you cum harder," I insisted. 

He asked, "How in the hell with those make me cum harder?"

I showed him the foot and a half long connected balls and explained, "You see how the first ball is the biggest (the size of a large marble), then as it gets further down this rubber string, they get slightly smaller. You let me put them in your ass, and when you start to cum, I will slowly pull them out and the balls massage your prostate causing you to not only cum harder, you will cum more.

"What's the prostrate and where is it?" he asked a little more interested. 

"Not prostrate, it's prostate and it's the gland just inside your anus up by your taint area that controls things like your hard-on, how much cum you will shoot, and how hard you cum, your ability to piss, and things like that," I answered. 

Vinny continued asking, "So how do them balls make ya cum harder?

"Like I said, as I pull them out, each rubber ball, drags against that gland and milks it and you will feel all those nerves in the asshole come to life. When you're cumming, it will feel more powerful because that muscle around the prostate gland will contract stronger while it's milking it. Trust me," I answered again. 

Vinny was starting to be swayed but was still a little resistant when he said, "Who doesn't want to cum harder, but I just have an issue with anything going in my ass."

"That's not true," I argued. "I have put my tongue in your ass a few times and not only did you not care, you loved it."

"That's different, that shit feels good," said Vinny.

I replied, "Exactly! And so does this. Just let me do it this one time and if you don't like it, we won't have to do it anymore. I know you love when I suck you off and I just want to add to that pleasure for you. What do ya say?"

He said he would think about it while we took our showers. Mine was complete and when Vinny walked out with a towel around his thick muscular body, I was excited to suck on that dong of his. The white towel really contrasted against his dark black skin and there were just small beads of water speckled all over his huge pecks.

"I also wanted to tell you that those thousands of nerves in the asshole that I was talking about, are very sensitive towards pleasure. Why do you think you love those rimjobs so much?" I persuaded. 

He finally agreed to let me use the beads on him but told me to go slow as he dropped his towel, revealing that majestic piece of black meat. Isn't that ironic, he is telling me to go slow with small anal balls and here he sticks his horse sized dick up my ass. I put a towel down on his chair and had Vinny sit down on the edge of it. 

"Hold your legs up. Let me get you ready," I directed. 

Vinny cocked his legs back and held his knees up by his chest with his arms. I crouched down, spread his butt cheeks even further apart and put my tongue on his anus and darted it back and forth. I licked using different strokes including the tongue roll. Vinny would twitch every time I hit a sensitive spot which further proved my point I was trying to make to him earlier. I rimmed his asshole for a good 10 minutes while using an abundance of saliva. I stopped long enough to lubricate the anal balls and while I prepared to do this, I noticed his cock was about half hard and he started stroking it. 

After I lubricated the balls really well, I had Vinny lift his legs up again to I could slowly insert the Ben Wah balls in his butt. He winced and squirmed like I do when he is putting his dick up my ass. After I had put all of them inside him, except the two inch tail that was sticking out, I had Vinny put his legs down. 

"You feel those up there?" I asked.

"A little. I hope this shit works and I better cum like an elephant. You better not tell a soul," he warned. 

"Don't worry I won't and I will have to give you an 'I told you so' when you feel like the head of your dick is blowing off when you cum," I assured. "Now scoot a little closer to me so I can suck on that dick of yours."

I took his semi-inflated cock in my hands and started to play with it. I leaned in and put the soft head into my mouth and sucked on it while making popping sounds when I pulled off. I kissed, licked, played, and jerked on him until he finally got erect. My favorite part is when Vinny's puffed up mushroom head gets completely engorged. Even though I have to open my mouth really wide, I love sucking on that head. 

"Yea. Did ya miss that dick while I was gone?" He asked.

"Um hum," was all I could mumble out not wanting to stop sucking to answer him.

"That's good. I missed that mouth of yours. Love on that big black dick like ya do. Show Vinny just how much ya missed it," Vinny encouraged. 

I was giving Vinny a proper sucking. I spit on that huge dick twice to get it lubed even more. I even slobbered and sucked on it sloppily to help grease it up. I am now bobbing my head up and down, giving this black Adonis the proper blowjob he deserves. I not only wanted his cum in my mouth, I needed to eat it. This went on for a while and I could sense he was getting close to ejaculation. I needed access to the Ben Wah balls that were up his ass. 

I had Vinny stand up and I sat in the same chair he was sitting which put me at a pretty good height. I put both my hands around his muscular ass and pulled him forward until his dick disappeared in my mouth once again (at least as much as I could take). I was sucking it and building a good rhythm like I had previously while Vinny was squirming and moaning again as well. I was looking up and making eye contact while I sucked his massive tool. 
