 After I stayed all night with Vinny and we had our sexcapades a few days after Christmas, I knew he wanted me to come over and get him off every day until Cherise came back. The truth is I needed at least one full day to recover. Anyone reading this can agree that if a well hung guy fucks your ass, you will need some time to recover from the trauma. To call Vinny's horse sized black cock "well hung" is a huge understatement. That is like calling the Grand Canyon a big ditch. 

Vinny called each day and the first day I made up an excuse that I really can't remember but I think I said I was sick or something. On New Year's Eve, he called again and he we wanted me to come over the next day while the Bowl games were being played. I was ready for another round with Vinny's majestic black cock. 

"I think Te (this was Dante's nickname)'s coming back too," Vinny told me on the phone. "Ya can get as much dick as ya want."

That night I partied with some buddies at this under 21 club. It was good time and I actually hooked up with a girl from my home town who I knew a little. Makenna was a freshmen and gave me a blowjob in the backseat of my car. As she sucked my 7 inch cock, all I could do was imagine it was me giving the blowjob to some strange man. I would actually analyze her sucking skills in my mind and think how I might do something different or what I would do next. When I imagined this guy blowing his wad in my mouth, it sent me over the edge causing me to tightened up and shoot my load in her mouth. When I finally finished cumming, she opened the door and spit my cum on the ground. That made me look forward to seeing Vinny and possibly Dante the next day. They can tell you that I sure don't spit. 

The next day, I got up around 10, took my enema and shower, grabbed my duffle bag full of sex aids and got to Vinny's dorm around 11:30. Vinny answered the door in his Oakland Raider robe and some black rubber shower sandals. I could tell he had just gotten out of the shower and I remember the New Year's Day parade was still on in the background. 

"Dude, I'm glad ya made it. Leroy (his own pet name for his dick) really missed ya. Ya want somethin to drink?" asked Vinny. 

"Sure," I answered. "I guess I'm going to have to show Leroy a good time so he won't miss me so much," I laughed. 

He asked me to come into the bathroom while he brushed his teeth. I sat on the closed lid toilet while we had some small talk. Vinny stood in front of the mirror as he brushed.

"Hey, won't you let me see it while you're brushing," I suggested to Vinny.

He dropped his robe revealing that monster dick of his. Even soft, Vinny's 12 inch manhood is at least 9 inches and as big around as shampoo bottle. As he brushed, it swung back and forth like he was stirring up paint. It was just too tempting and I got down on my knees and took it in my hands. As I cupped the shaft, I leaned in, licked and kissed on it. 

As Vinny turned to the side to give me better access, he said, "Damn. Ya do want that dick bad, don't ya?"

I took my mouth off of it and chuckled embarrassingly, "Yea, I will admit, after the other night, I have kinda been craving it."

I quickly got my mouth back on Vinny's cock. I could feel it starting to grow just as he pulled it out of my mouth. 

"Here, put these towels down for your knees," said Vinny as he handed me a couple of them. He moved over in front of the bathtub and put one foot up on the edge. I remember noticing how the bottom of his feet where so light compared to his black skin contrast. I stacked the folded towels in front of him and put my knees on them. I cupped his balls and started sucking that dick to life. I bobbed on it for several minutes until it was sticking up in an arc like a black banana on steroids. 

"I wish this dick of yours wasn't so massive so I could just swallow the whole damn thing," I said as I gritted my teeth and squeezed his engorged tool with both hands. "I'm a very good deepthroater but you wouldn't know it with this huge thing. It pisses me off."

"That ain't true. You've got more down your throat than anyone ever has. At least ya put in the effort every time. Hell, Cherise is always whining about how 'it's too big and my jaws are hurting,' Vinny said in a mocking feminine voice. "Then she gives me lame ass head. This is why I'll take you on my jock any day." 

I went back to sucking on Vinny's tree trunk. I stuffed as much in my mouth as could while he just stood there with his leg hiked up. It was so inflated that I had to raise up to get the proper angle while I twisted my hands around the top of his shaft. My mouth was slurping and popping with each suck. Vinny put one hand on the back of my head.

"Stop for a second," he requested.

I stopped but kept that fat black dick in my mouth. 

"Let's just see if we can get it all down," he added referring to me swallowing it all. 

"You know I try every time I give you head. It's just too big," I responded as I pulled off his cock to allow myself to speak.

While keeping his hand on the back of my head, he forcefully but slowly pulled my head down back down on his shaft. I opened as wide as I possibly could but when that thick meat hit my gag reflex, I gagged and pulled off. I went in for a second chance and got the head past my gag reflex but wretched and actually coughed with it lodged in my throat. When I pulled off it that time, I had a little of that saliva slime on my chin. I wiped it and went in again and again. After several attempts, I made a huge push and finally got it all the way down my throat like a snake swallowing prey twice its size but I could keep it down. I could deepthroat it for about two seconds but I only consider the ability to deepthroat a dick if you can actually go up and down on it during oral sex. 

"God damn! You fuckin did it. You're just like a nasty hoe. You had every bit of that dick down your throat!" Vinny said in amazement. 

Vinny held me up again and leaned over top of me and took something off the sink and held it up to me. It was a lipstick case.

"I don't want ya trip out but why don't ya put some of this on," he said as he took the cap off and twisted it until the red lipstick popped up through the case. "Cherise left this here and I just love seeing lipstick covered lips on my dick. You don't mind do ya?" 

I took Vinny's cock out of my mouth and it stuck up like a horse that had just dismounted a mare. It was shiny and wet because it was covered with my saliva and his precum. I thought about it for a second and hell I'm on my knees blowing black guys and loving it so what the hell do I care if he wants me to wear lipstick while sucking him off. I really can't be any more humiliated, so I thought what the hell. I agreed and he squatted down give me a great view to his huge hanging balls. He took his hand up under my chin and squeezed my cheeks as he applied the lipstick on my lips with his other hand. He took no more than a couple of minutes to do it and then used his thumb to wipe a couple of smudges in the corners of my mouth to get it looking perfect. 

He looked at me and smacked his lips together in a demonstrating manner and directed me, "Smack your lips like this. That'll even it out. I've seen bitches do that."

I smacked my lips just like Vinny wanted and then wrapped them around his thick cock once again. I slid my mouth slower than usual up and down the shaft to give him the full visual effect. He again put one leg back up on the edge of the tub and put his huge hand on the back of my head. 

"I'll be damned. I love seein that red lipstick wrapped around my junk like that," Vinny groaned seductively. "Yea, just like that. Suck on it. Take your time. Oh yea...oh yea. That's it, just like that, keep suckin it nice and slow. There ya go. You keep that up and I ain't gonna last very long. You're gonna make me cum in your mouth. You'd like that wouldn't ya? 

I nasally mumbled, "Umm hum." 

Vinny held the back of my head and was forcefully guiding my head on and off his erection like he was jerking himself off with my mouth. He was controlling my tempo and actually moving his hips forward at the same time he pulled me down on him. I could see his ab muscles contract with every thrust. About every 6 or so mouth strokes, he would push my head all the way down on him making me deepthroat that huge cock. I could only keep it down a couple of seconds before I would gag it back up. 

He warned me but never stopped hand forcing me to bob on his huge dong, "You get yourself ready for Big Vin's cum. I'm getting close."

While I mouthed Vinny's tool, we could hear Dante come in from outside. We could hear him yelling for Vinny and Vinny yelled that he was in the bathroom and to come in for a second. Dante opened the bathroom door while I was still sucking Vinny off.

"Damn. I wondered where you was and you're in here getting your pipes cleaned. What's that shit on his lips?" Asked Dante.

Vinny laughed, "Cherise had that on the sink and what can I say, I wanted a little lipstick around my dipstick. It turns me on more cause it looks like a bitch suckin my dick. Dude, watch this!"

Vinny pulled me all the way down on his full 12 inches again until I coughed it up.

"God damn! He swallowed all that mother fucker! There ain't no reason why he can't do that to mine," commented Dante.

Vinny added, "Mark's gonna stick around. Ya want in? Let's pull a train on his ass."

"Let's do it, I'm in," agreed Dante.

Vinny then said to Dante as he referred to me, "We will do it after we get somethin to eat. Close that door, I'll be out in a minute. Right now, I'm gonna use this mother fucker's mouth to get my rocks off. I'll holler."

After the door shut, Vinny turned his attention to me with his cock still in my mouth and his leg hiked up on the tub, "Let's get this shit on the road. You got me on the edge... finish me. I know ya want Big Vin's cum, so I'm gonna give it to ya."

He picked up his pace forcing me to throat his manhood. My lips were numb and the lipstick was smeared around. I looked up and could see his bulging veins straining on his shoulder and the contracting of his peck muscles as he used that one hand to manipulate my head. This went on for a few more minutes. Because he had one leg hiked up, that gave me easy access to his asshole which gave me a good idea. I knew he liked the anal balls so I decided to take a chance and use my finger. I put my palm on his taint area and slid my middle finger just inside his anus, stopping at the first knuckle. I wiggled that finger around to give him extra sensation. 

"Oh yea! Fuck. Fuuuuck! Almost there. Keep them lips going baby! Hang on," he groaned. 

I knew he wasn't lying because I could feel the cum surges up the shaft and his cock started pulsating into a throb. He speeded up my dick sucking pace and I used that opportunity to put him over the edge while intensifying his orgasm. I slid that middle finger in his ass until it was completely submerged. 

"Get em! Get em!" He shouted which I knew meant slap his balls with my other hand. 

For some reason, he loves that when he cums. So here I am with one finger stuck in his ass and using my other hand lightly smacking his nuts. I had to see his face so I was looking up the entire time.

His whole body shook like he was having convulsions when he started cumming. He was yelling "Auuggghhhh" louder than I have ever heard him before. His mouth was hanging half open while his eyes were rolled back in his head and glazed over like one gets from the pleasure of drinking really good soda pop. That is when he started ejaculating. Because his ass contracted strongly around my finger, I could tell his cum spurts were very long and powerful. The lack of room in my mouth in combination with the suction caused some cum to escape the corners of my mouth and land on the floor and my forearm. Vinny kept shooting his load in my mouth while continuing to yell like he was angry. When he finally finished his ejaculation, Vinny stopped flogging my head back and forth. He continued to quiver and regained his eye contact with me. I very slowly slipped my finger out of his asshole and stopped tapping his balls. 

Vinny shook his head back and forth letting his lips smack uncontrollably and with a low quivering voice he whispered, "Uuuhhh. Uuuhhh. God dammit! That was sick, man! Augghhh!"

He let go of the back of my head and I pulled my mouth off his huge cock. It had white cum smeared all over it and it really contrasted with the dark black color of his meat. I had cum running down my lipstick covered lips and my chin. I swallowed the thick warm lump of slime that was coagulated in my mouth. Vinny put his leg down and had to sit on the edge of the tub while continually shaking his head. 

"Just when I think ya can't make me cum any harder, ya always seem to step your game up. I think all that shit ya did and wearing that lipstick helped me nut like a fuckin bear. I got to take a minute and chill, god dammit," Vinny said as he sat there recuperating. 

As I took the towel from under my knees and wiped my mouth, Vinny added, "Stick around dude. We gonna get some pizza, watch some football, and later on get in that ass of yours. I don't know about Te but I gotta fuck that ass, today." 

I raised up and wiped off the lipstick while looking in the mirror. Vinny left the bathroom to get dressed. All three of us took the next few hours and ate pizza, watch football, and generally had a good time. At around 5pm is when the topic of sex came up again.

Vinny jostled his crotch through his sweat pants while saying, "I'm ready to get my junk sucked on again."

"What?!" Dante snapped in in a joking higher pitched voice. "Ya greedy mother fucker. Ya just got your dick sucked a couple hours ago and ya got your nut! It's my turn!"

"What can I say?" replied Vinny as his eyes shifted toward me. "The way this mother fucker gives head...shit... he's like a god damn vacuum cleaner. He ain't playin when it comes to that shit."

Dante added, "True that."

I chimed in jokingly, "Guys, both of you chill out. There's enough of me to go around for both of you to get off."

Dante was the first one to untie his black sweatpants and let them drop to the floor. He was wearing dark green tight briefs which fit snug around his huge bulge. When he pulled the briefs down, Dante's 11 inch uncut cock plopped out in a half hard state. He pulled his shirt off and the only thing left on him was his white ankle socks. He walked over and sat on the couch.

"Dude, come over here and do your thang," enticed Dante and he shook his cock around with his hand. 

I knelt down in front of him. He spread his legs apart to give me better access. I would use my palm to gently hold Dante's cock straight in the air without actually wrapping my hand around it and lick it all over until he became fully engorged. I shifted my licking focus to the underside of his erection as his black foreskin also moved back and forth with my tongue. Dante is a heavy precum leaker and right on cue, about 5 minutes in, it started oozing out of his hole and running down the head and shaft. He tilted his head back and stretched his long legs out like he was ready to take a nap. 

Meanwhile, Vinny had stripped down to nothing and sat down on the couch beside Dante while stroking his own horse cock back to life. Vinny's attitude was such that was going to wait patiently for his turn. I was now sucking Dante's dong while I stroked it. He was grunting and still lounged back enjoying himself. He lightly put his hand on top of my head but was not forcing me on it like Vinny had done earlier. It was almost like he wanted to feel my head work his cock. 

Vinny was the first one to break the silence with the exception of my slurping and sucking sounds that filled the air, "Damn Te, you're just all sprawled out and shit, lovin that head. Ain't ya?" 

"Ya know it," smiled Dante. "Our boy here knows his way around a dick. That shit feels gooood. I bet if he can swallow that hog leg of yours, he can take all of mine even easier."

Vinny chimed in as he asked me, "You sure do love that big black dick don't ya? Don't ya? When I answered with an "Um hum" he added, "Go on. Take it all the way to the balls. Show him."

Dante's cock is only about an inch or two shorter than Vinnys and not as thick. I have deepthroated it before but only for a couple seconds at a time. I was now ready to give them a show as I raised up higher on my knees to get a better straight down angle. I took Dante's dick by the base and slowly sank my mouth and throat down his pole until my mouth touched my hand. This was the first time I was every able to do it on the first attempt. I did gag a little as I moved my hand and completed my journey as my bottom lip had reached his balls. 

Vinny cheered, "Damn! Look at that Te. He swallowed your junk on the first try!"

I couldn't see Dante's reaction as I slid my mouth back up. I would suck while I spiraled a few strokes up and around this cock, deepthroat him until I gagged, pulled back off, then did it all over again. I knew these guys both wanted to both fuck me but when I suck dick, I get so worked up that I want to make it cum with my mouth. I was no longer giving Dante foreplay head, I was in full blowjob mode. 

Vinny started talking to Dante again forcefully but jokingly, "No! You better not! You're gonna nut, aren't ya? You weak bastard. I thought we was gonna get some that ass."

I still couldn't see Dante's face but I heard him chuckle and reply in deep grunting whisper, "I can't help it bro. He got some magic lips. Oh shit. Oh fuck! I'm am gonna cum!"

"Then let him have it! Rare (meaning rear) back and blast him!" Vinny ordered. 

I had already went down for the deepthroat at the exact moment when Dante erupted and caught me a little off guard. The first shot of his thick warm spunk hit between my throat and windpipe causing me to cough and choke as I could feel him now holding the back of my head not to allow me to pull off. It was feeling so good to Dante that his legs and upper body went stiff and he actually slid down where his ass almost slid off the edge of the couch while it quaked. Not wanting to ruin Dante's orgasm, even though I was able to dislodge his huge dick from my throat, I continued to suck and jerk while he emptied his balls in my mouth with repeated spurts. Then I noticed something that had never happened to me in all my years of giving blowjobs. The first shot of cum that I coughed up had actually started running out of my nose. Toward the end of Dante's orgasm, I had my lips wrapped exclusively around his mushroom head and jerking the last few drops out.

Vinny snapped his head to the side as he watched and said, "God damn! That shit's comin out his nose. That's nasty! Te, you blasted is ass alright. Fuckin actually choked him with that load! I ain't ever seen that before."

Vinny was right, it was nasty. I clamped my lips around his head and twisted my lips around to make sure no sperm escaped from my mouth. I pulled up and with the exception of my saliva on the tip, not one drop of cum anywhere. I tilted my head back, smiled and opened my mouth to tease the guys. I also swished my tongue around to dramatize Vinny and Dante's disgust. 

Dante was still recovering but he winced as he blurted out, "Oh shit! That is nasty!"

Vinny lifted his hand like he was shading the sun from his eyes and said, "No way! Get that away from me!"

I was laughing as I swallowed. I wiped my nose with the back of my hand and made smacking sounds with my lips. 

"Ummm. That's good stuff," I said mockingly to piss them off. 

Vinny's huge dick was rock hard and sticking up against his stomach well past his belly button. I shuffled over on my knees in-between Vinny's legs to start in on his dong. I started with my usual licking and jerking. I would look into his eyes as I tongue flicked his huge crevice under his penis head like I have done many times before. He sat back and let me work on his engorged manhood. I was loving it so much that even though I knew Dante had gotten up from the couch, I didn't know that he had went into my duffle bag and pulled out my Astroglide. He had already lubricated his cock and got down on his knees directly behind me as I was on my knees sucking Vinny. 
