 Since my New Year's Day threesome with Vinny and Dante, it wasn't until that weekend until I saw either of them again. It was actually Sunday afternoon before classes started back up on that Monday when I called their room. Dante answered the phone.

"Dude, I'm glad you called," Dante said. "Where you been? Vin's at Cherise's crib and I got the whole place to myself. Was you wantin to come over and get some of this black dick?" 

I laughed as I answered, "Actually I do. I was watching the Lakers play and I couldn't take my mind off thinking of you and that big black dong of yours, swinging back and forth inside those shorts when you play. Even though I know you have it stuffed inside that jock strap, I picture it swinging. I don't know...it just sounds good and made me horny."

"I got it right here for ya, so come on and get some. Hey, before ya come, Vinny was tellin me that you used some of these 'benji' balls on him. He said that ya made him cum like a fuckin volcano. I'm gonna jump in the shower and get all cleaned up, then you can use em on me. Maybe ya can even use that tongue and get me warmed up, if ya know what I mean," chuckled Dante. 

"You mean 'ben wah' balls," I laughed as I corrected him. "I'll be over soon." 

We hung up the phone and I prepared myself by taking my enema. I never really knew when Vinny or Dante would want anal sex but I always tried to be ready. After I showered, I grabbed my lube, the anal balls, put them in my duffle bag and headed out the door. 

When I arrived at the athletic dorm, Dante came out and got me while wearing his robe and slippers. When we got into his room, I noticed he had already drank a few beers from the bottles sitting on the counter. 

"Did you bring the stuff," Dante asked referring to the anal balls and lubrication. When I held up the bag to nonverbally let him know that I did, he added, "Good, but before we get started, I want ya to use that tongue to get me ready." 

"Ok, but first let me see it," I requested with a smile. "Let me see that cock I been thinking about."

Dante dropped the robe exposing about 8 of his 11 inch, uncircumcised, cock hanging between his legs with the head covered in foreskin while he teased me, "There it is! It's gonna be all yours in a little while. Before I give ya any of it, I want to go in there on the bed and have you toss my salad."

"Oh, that's what you meant by warming you up. It didn't click what you were talking about on the phone. I thought you were talking about your cock," I smiled in a genuine surprised voice. 

"Naw. I want ya to eat my ass. Let's go in the bedroom. You're gonna be happy too. Not only did I scrub that mother fucker clean, I shaved it all up for ya, See? Smooth. So don't let papa bear down, take your time and do it real good for me now," said Dante referring to his ass. 

I picked up my duffle bag before we walked into the bedroom and I first noticed the overhead light was on making the room very bright. The bed was made up very nice with just a snow white sheet on it while the pillows and bedspread were on the floor. There was also a white towel laying on the foot of the bed which was hard to see because it was the same color. 

Dante was stroking his long cock as he got up on bed while on his knees. Because Dante is 6'10, he is still very high u, even while on his knees. He was in the middle of the bed and facing the headboard. He bent over until his face was on the bed but was still on his knees with his ass sticking up in the air. 

"Dinner is served. Come and get it," said Dante with his head turned and his cheek pressed against the sheet. 

Dante was completely naked with his black, muscular, Adonis-like body and I was completely dressed except my shoes. I got up on the bed and sat Indian style right behind Dante with my face exactly the same height as his ass. With the great lighting, it was the best look I had ever seen of Dante's asshole. His ass is smallish for his size but is so muscular, the crack naturally spreads open when his legs are spread. 

I was so fascinated and turned on by the view. First, his huge black nut sac was hanging down like those balls you see hanging off the back of trucks on the highway. Dante was still stroking his huge cock which caused those gorgeous smooth balls to bounce around. I knew at some point, I was going to have to suck and lick on those beautiful nuts. 

He wasn't lying about shaving because his asshole area was as smooth as a freshly waxed car hood, but then again, every time I ever rimmed him, it always was. Dante's anus was only about a foot from my face and I could also see that there was a two inch circle around the tight puckered hole that was even darker than the rest of his ass area. I noticed it had meaty lines that formed a perfect circle around the entrance. I could tell it was very clean because it smelled like body lotion and bar soap mixed with a hint of man musk. I scooted forward until my face was in Dante's butt. I took both my thumbs and spread his cheeks a little further apart. 

I teased Dante before I started, "You want that salad tossed don't ya? I don't know if I should. You sure you want it? Maybe I shouldn't." 

"Stop playin motherfucker," he ordered in a joking tone. "Get in there and eat that ass. I want ya to give it a tongue bath." 

He didn't have to tell me twice as I first licked the inside of each cheek. The fresh smell was intoxicating as I mixed in some slow sensual kisses in-between licks. My thumbs kept Dante's ass cheeks spread but they are so muscular, it was like trying to keep a clam pried apart. I first used the tip of my tongue to flick across his anus but once my tongue dragged across the closed hole, I would spend time using that tip to lick up and down before I would go back to the other side. Dante's face was buried in the sheets but I could hear the muffled moans when my tongue would touch a sensitive spot. 

Eventually, I would swirl my tongue around the asshole concentrating on the ridges leading to the anal entrance. Dante really liked that and especially when I would start with larger circles and rotate around until each loop would get smaller and smaller until I ended up directly on his tightly puckered asshole. Once I reached the center of the hole, I would proceed to wiggle my tongue very quickly until I started over.

I switched over to the flat tongue technique. Instead of using the tip of my tongue, I would use the top flat part like a dog lapping up his water. I then used my entire tongue to completely cover his anus and did some lapping of my own. Dante just about twitched off the bed when I would do this. He was in heaven. 

I then put my lips completely around his butthole and form a tight seal. I then used my tongue like I was French kissing it. I did this for quite a while until I build up plenty of saliva. There was so much spit, that when I raised up, I saw a small stream had started trickling down his taint area. I used that saliva to my advantage because I would slowly blow air on his wet asshole to enhance that cool sensation. This was driving Dante crazy with lust. I knew he wanted to cum but I wasn't done with his incredible rimjob. Dante had always been very generous with his cock and allowing me to service it repeatedly over the months and the least I could do was give him the best rimjob I could give him. I was going to take my time. 

Dante's ass tasted great and it was time to stick my tongue in it and not just around it. I spread his cheeks a little further apart and pushed my face completely inside them. My tongue was now sliding inside his asshole and I pushed my face as far in as I possibly could so I could get more than just the tip inside. I was determined to tongue fuck his ass and nothing was going to stop me. It was difficult to be sure but I felt like I was getting at least a few inches of my tongue inside his rectum. Smelling the aroma of the lotion mixed with his natural ass fragrance only drove me to lustfully dig my face in further. Dante could do nothing but continuously groan while just lying there and enjoy it. 

I ate out Dante's ass for a few more minutes when I pulled out to get some air. Rimming a guy's ass is great but eventually you feel like your suffocating. After staring at those hanging nuts, I knew I needed to work on them for a little while. I cupped my hand around the front of those balls and pulled them back between his legs toward me. I then kissed and licked them. I took turns, paying oral attention to each one equally. When I reached further between Dante's legs to grab his cock, it was so hard that I wasn't able to pull it down through his legs. 

I got my face down just a little lower so I could lick from his asshole, down his taint, to his balls. I noticed Dante's precum was oozing a lot and I could see the string between his legs flowing onto the bed. Even though I couldn't pull his cock down very far, I used all that precum to lather up the shaft so I could stroke it. I stuck my face back into his ass to start rimming again while I gave him a reach under jerk. I thought about making him cum this way but Dante surprised me and laid completely down flat on his stomach. 

Now that Dante was flat, his ass cheeks closed tightly keeping me out and I had to pull my hand out from between his legs. My best guess was that he was going to cum and he wanted to change it up so that he wouldn't. 

As I tapped his thighs with my hand, I directed him in a whispering voice, "Spread your legs. Let me get back in there."

Dante did spread his legs and I also laid on my stomach with my forearms over top the back of his muscular thighs. My elbows were bent and my hands were on his ass cheeks. We were both comfortable and I proceeded to rim Dante's black ass for at least 15 to 20 minutes. I used all my techniques over and over until I wore that hole out with my tongue. Eventually I knew it was time to put the anal balls up his butt and work on that dick. I got up off the bed, got the lube and anal balls out of my duffle bag. 

As Dante got back up on his knees he asked, "Ya gonna put those things in my ass now? Will it hurt at all?"

Before I answered, I couldn't help but notice the huge slimy wet spot on the sheets that Dante's precum had left. The spot was as big as a paper plate. 

"No, I'll go slow. The balls will rest against your prostate gland and when I pull them out, they will message it while you're cumming. Just like Vinny told you, it will feel like your dick head is blowing off when you shoot. Go ahead and bend over. I'm gonna put em in now," I instructed Dante while I was lubricating them with Astroglide. 

He bent over and I gently slid the greased up rubber ben wah balls into his ass, stuffing them in one at a time. He winced and squirmed but never stopped me. Deep down he was ready to try something that would allow him to have a powerful orgasm. Won't most men? Finally, when only the tail was sticking out of his asshole, Dante was ready. 

He turned around, while still on his knees, and his cock was sticking straight up in the air as hard as I have ever seen it. The head was wet and sticky with precum and it was still dripping in long slimy streams down to the bed. I slumped down and scooted closer to Dante. I took hold of his erection and squeezed.

"Damn, look at this. It's hard as concrete," I said in amazement as I continued squeezing. 

"No doubt. That ass eating ya gave me done it," replied Dante. 

"Don't worry, I'm about to take care of it for you," I assured him as I was now down licking the precum off. 

I held that bulky black dick and licked it from the side. I dug my face into the base of his balls, sucked on them for a minute, then ran my tongue up the shaft length until I arrived at the head. I would lick and suck up the precum then wrap my mouth just around the head while I would jerk Dante's cock really fast. I couldn't get over how good the precum tasted. Even though it tasted its usual saltiness, it actually was mostly sweet. I know I did this for at least ten minutes and when I had every drop of precum cleaned up, I spoke to Dante. 

"Get those pillows over there," I ordered Dante as I scooted up by the bed's headboard. 

I have said this before but when Dante walks with his 11 inch hard-on bouncing up and down, it looks just like a horse with a hard-on ready to mount a female horse. He handed me the two pillows and I stacked them by the headboard. I laid down on my back with my head propped up on the pillows. 

I directed Dante, "Come up here and straddle my chest so I can suck it. I want you to jerk it for a little while first." 

Dante wasted no time in following my instructions. He was on his knees straddling my chest in no time and he was stroking his engorged back manhood. 

"Ok now put the tip in my mouth but keep stroking. I am going to hold the anal balls tail. Don't try to fuck my mouth, let me control it. You need to tell me when you're about to cum," I directed with a specific plan in mind. 

Dante put his dick in my mouth and started jacking off. When he would stroke forward I could feel his foreskin bunch up inside and around my lips. His dick tasted good. I was excited knowing that I was going to give this huge black man a powerful orgasm. He stroked and I sucked. He stroked and I sucked. After a while, I reached up and put my hand on his hand to let him know I was taking over. Dante got the hint and removed his hand and now I was the one jacking him off. He put both hands on the top of the headboard and started moaning. I used my other hand to reach between his legs and play with the ben wah balls tail sticking out of his ass. 

"Fuck an A. That shit's feelin good. Keep suckin my fuckin dick!" Dante ordered as he thrusted a little, but for the most part, allowed me to do the work. 

I could feel that Dante was getting close. He was breathing harder while spewing out groans and profanities. I never stopped beating his majestic black dong while sucking on his spongy mushroom shaped head. Feeling his cock throb in my mouth, I sped up my jerking with my elbow out, and using the fingers on top and thumb underneath grip. I was now actually pulling back and forth on the anal balls like I was screwing his ass. I then slipped my mouth slightly off his cock head and just suctioned my lips around his piss hole waiting for Dante's deposit. 

"Aw shit! Get ready mother fucker! Get ready! I'm gonna..." warned Dante as his legs started trembling while the bed shook from him gripping the headboard very tightly. 

Dante howled "fuuuuck" and lurched his hips forward giving me the perfect signal to start pulling the anal balls out of his ass. I could see his ab muscles contract like he was doing push ups when he let out a huge wad of cum that could have easily choked most prostitutes. Dante kept twitching and yelling while he continued to unload shot after shot of his warm, sperm-filled seed into my closed mouth. I never stopped milking it with my hand while plopping ball after ball out of his butt. I was imagining the head of his penis exploding like a coke bottle had just been furiously shaken. Dante's pecks and abs continued to contract noticeably throughout his orgasm. 

Even after Dante' cock had stopped ejaculating my reward, I continued to jerk it, but slower. I had the greased and slimy ben wah balls in my hand. I dropped them on the bed, then wrapped both hands around Dante's huge black rod. I squeezed it very tight and milked out the last few drops as I often do while keeping my lips pressed tightly around the top of the head. 

Dante was still cursing in pleasure, "Oh shit. That was fuckin great. I don't know if I have ever nutted that hard. I felt like I was gonna pass out. Whew!"

I tapped his thigh to signal for him to back up so I could take his dick out of my mouth. He scooted back about a foot and I took my time to swallow Dante's thick load. It tasted a little saltier than usual but still satisfying. Dante was still on his knees looking down at me with my head propped up on the pillows. What really stood out was how hard his dick still was. 

I commented while smiling, "How'd you like that? You were shaking so much, I thought you were gonna pass out. Was it as good as you thought it was gonna be. I know that was a lot of cum!"

"Fuck yea. Ya wasn't playin. I don't know if I've ever nutted that hard before," he repeated. "I felt like it was blastin without my control," added Dante in that totally satisfied tone. 

"Yea, but look at your dick. It's still rock hard. That is insane!" I said in amazement. 

"For real!" Dante responded. "I don't know, I told ya that I've been hornier than a mother fucker lately. I'm like the energizer bunny," he laughed. 

I laughed, "I'll say. We can't leave it like that. You want to go again? I can suck it again or do you want to fuck me."

"I like the way ya think," Dante raised his voice pitch. "If ya want some more dick, I ain't gonna stop ya?" 

Dante sprawled out on his back with his arms stretched out to his side and his legs spread like a pair of scissors. His huge frame made the bed look small and his dark skin contrasted with the white sheet. I crawled up between his legs while raised up on my stomach. I took hold of Dante's cock and pulled it until it pointed straight in the air. I slowly slid his foreskin up and down as I stroked him. 

"Aaugghhh," sighed Dante as I also started licking around his cock head. 

"That a boy. Lick that, like you own it. Make that dick you're personal ice cream cone," he whispered as he now had his elbows on the bed while his head was raised so he could watch me work my magic on him.

He wasn't lying. I would take the flat part of my tongue and start on one side of his cock head and lick around the rim to the other side like a person would do to an ice cream cone that was melting. Of course my "ice cream" was Dante's precum.

"That's sensitive. Go slow," Dante jerked around while he ordered referring to his post-orgasm cock head sensitivity. 

I was still stroking that black pole when I asked, "Do you want to cum in my mouth again?"

"Naw," he replied as he pushed me off and got up on his knees. "Get those pillows and toss me that lube. Ya got me so jacked up again that I need to fuck that ass."

"Alright, but start slow until I get used to it," I reminded Dante as I gathered the pillows and the lube after I took off all my clothes.

"Don't worry. I'm gonna start slow, but don't be surprised when I'm drillin you through the mattress before it's over," Dante warned in his serious but kidding tone. 

Dante stacked one pillow on top of the other in the middle of the bed. He signaled for me to lay on my back with my ass on the pillows to prop it up. I laid the way he wanted and my legs were up in the air and my ass was propped about 6 inches higher than my back on the stacked pillows. 

"Oh yea. Just like that. That's perfect," said Dante in a seductive voice as he was already greasing his hard dick sticking straight out from his crotch. 

Dante climbed on top of me as he positioned himself on his knees until his penis was pressed up against my asshole. He then took hold of the top of my thighs and pulled me toward him. His cock stretched my hole then plopped in causing pain as usual. He held it still to let me get used to it, then slid in another couple inches, held it still, and continued doing this until it was completely submerged in my rectum. It was still painful enough for me to wince throughout the entire process until I couldn't take it any longer. 

"Pull it out. Pull it out! Start it over," I begged him in order to get a second chance to allow my asshole to get acclimated to his size. 

Dante withdrew his large black dick and stroked it to reapply and even out the lubrication. This allowed the pain to subside and he could go back in for round two. He leaned in and put his cock back in me. He slid it to the hilt and held it still once again. It was painful but not unbearable. 
