 My next black cock experience came a few weeks later in January. Three of my friends and I decided to go to the bowling alley for the evening. I remember it was on a Friday night and it was extremely cold outside. Two of my friends were openly gay, one was straight, and I was bisexual. We were bowling and having a great time when I decided I needed to go to the bathroom. 

As I walked past the billiards area, I saw a burly black man with a thick beard, talking to another dark skinned black man and he was pointing toward me they talked. I was curious but went to the bathroom to pee. As I returned, the black man with the thick beard stopped me in the lobby. 

"Hey, you're that guy from the campfire with Te, ain't ya? Uh...Mark?" He asked snapping his finger trying to remember. 

At first, I still had no idea who he was when I replied, "I'm sorry but I don't remember what you're talking about."

He then whispered with his hand open on the side of his mouth to simulate nobody could hear him, "You know...you gave me a blowjob in the back of Dante's truck. Damn good one too, I might add."

"Oh yea...Joe is it?" I remembered. "You are...Mac's dad," I added as it was now coming back to me. 

"Yea. You remember," Joe responded. We then talked a little bit before he asked his question. 

"That guy in there is my brother Ray and I was telling him about that blowjob. It was one of the best and I was hoping...maybe...you might want to do it again with Ray and me? Ray's wife Betty and her friend Luann are right there bowling. We met them here," Joe told me as he pointed. 

Both men did look alike and I could tell both were close to the same age which was in their mid-forties. Ray also had a beard and was just slightly bigger than Joe. It had been a couple of weeks since I had my fill of black cock and I will admit, I was getting horny for it. 

"We could...but where are we gonna go?" I asked knowing there wasn't a place. 

Joe bobbed his head to Ray to signal him over when he responded to my question, "Let's go in the bathroom."

We went into the bathroom and locked the door. Joe introduced Ray to me and we shook hands. The bathroom wasn't the cleanest as it had that stale piss smell. I dropped the toilet lid and sat down. Joe was wearing jeans and Ray was wearing tan slacks. Both men unbuckled their belts and pulled their pants and underwear down to their ankles. I had remembered that Joe was hung with his black as coal, uncircumcised 9 inches of meat with his brother already getting hard and his dick looked just a little longer and maybe a little thinner.

In a "matter of fact" manner, both men stood side by side stroking their cocks like they were waiting their turn in an amateur gang bang porn video. 

"Ray, you go first. This guy right here will make ya forget all about your ole lady. Well...go on, get your dick sucked." Joe offered before he looked at me and informed half-jokingly, "Ray hasn't had pussy longer than me and he is still married!"

Before those words were even finished, there was a knock on the door and Joe yelled, "Hang on, someone's in here!" 

Ray shuffled forward with his pants still around his ankles with his now hard, veiny, uncircumcised, black dick in hand and offered it to me. He pulled his hand away and I reached out and cupped his saggy balls. I put his mushroom shaped head in my mouth and pulled back his foreskin like I was shucking an ear of corn. I started stroking it with that black head lodged tightly in my mouth. Before I got to sucking it like he needed, another knock came at the door. 

We knew the bathroom wasn't going to work. We talked how we needed to go elsewhere. Joe suggested his car. That was going to be the only place I could pleasure these black dicks without leaving altogether. Joe went out and moved his car around to the back by the dumpster so we could not be seen while Ray told his wife he was going out to smoke. 

When Joe returned, he pulled me to the side without Ray and asked, "I heard that Te, Vinny, and those guys have fucked your ass and they say it is sweet and tight. What do ya say, ya care if I lay some pipe?" 

"What about Ray?" I asked. 

"Nah. He wants that blowjob. He's always bitching that his ole lady won't give him any and she for real never sucks his dick anymore," informed Joe. 

I walked over to my group of friends and knew I had to talk to Caleb. Caleb was one of the two guys in the group that was completely gay and he was very flamboyant. He carried a small pocket book or purse everywhere he went. 

"Where have you been sweetie?" He asked because he calls everybody sweetie. 

I explained to him what was going on and he laughed and said he was jealous. Caleb gave me two large condoms and his small sized bottle of lube. I don't remember the brand, but I do remember it was the size of a Chap Stick tube. I honestly had never seen those. He jokingly called me a "slut" as I left the group. I was wearing a sweater over my shirt, so I didn't grab a coat. I walked outside and around to the back to look for Joe's vehicle. 

It was sitting right next to the dumpster and was illuminated but heavily shadowed by a parking lot light. The car was very small and old. It reminded me of the old Chevette cars and even though I don't remember what kind it was, I could tell that it was dark blue or black. When I arrived, I could tell both men were sitting in the front seats and when I looked in the back, the whole back seat had tools and junk stacked in it. The car was running so they could keep it warm. 

Ray opened the door and got out of the car and I asked both of them, "How are we going to do this? There is no room."

It was decided that I would sit in the passenger seat and Ray would stand in the opening and close the door as much as he could to preserve the heat. I remember that damn door kept buzzing so Joe had to periodically keep shutting the engine off. 

I positioned myself sideways while sitting in the seat. Ray was completely dressed including his coat and was wearing Khaki slacks with boots. He was rubbing his hands together to stay warm before he moved forward, eliminating my view of his upper body all together. I took hold of his zipper and slid it down. I had to take both hands inside his crotch opening to move Ray's underwear to the side and fish out that black cock. It was about half hard and rising. Because of the weather, it was cold to the touch. 

To increase friction, I took a minute to swish around saliva inside my mouth so that it would provide a warmer and wetter pocket for Ray's cold erection. I wanted it to feel like a nice juicy pussy to give him that extra sensation. I opened my lips, tucked my lips over my teeth, and engulfed as much as Ray's cock in one try. The warm sensation caused him to shutter. I immediately started sliding my mouth back and forth on the shaft. 

Ray ducked his head down inside the car to show his pleasure when he mumbled, "Damn, that's warm."

I was sucking Ray pretty steady as I was finding my rhythm. His cock was rock hard and my lips were getting a little numb while my feet were cold from hanging out the opened car door and still wearing bowling shoes, but I knew how bad Ray wanted to get off, so I never slowed down until I started deepthroating him. When I went all the way down on him, I could feel the cold steel of the zipper against my lips. I could tell how good that felt to Ray because he repositioned himself by moving a little closer as if to offer himself completely.

I was deepthroating Ray with just a slight gag when I heard Joe behind me say, "Hold up! Listen, I hear something."

I stopped and listened but kept Ray's meat stuffed in my mouth. I had drool running down the corner of the left side of my chin. 

"No shit, I heard a door slam," added Joe. "Ray, is there anyone out there?" He yelled. 

I turned and looked at him as I used one hand to wipe off the corners of my mouth and kept stroking Ray with my thumb and two fingers with the other hand. I didn't want put my entire cold hand on his member. Even with only two fingers, Ray's foreskin was tight but still slid up and down his dick with ease. 

"Nah, it was a young worker who came out the back door, then went back in," answered Ray who sounded like he was a mile away outside in the wind. 

I noticed Joe was sitting in the driver's seat with a huge bulge in his jeans. I remember thinking the whole scene was like a sleazy situation with two guys and a prostitute. Here I am out in an old clunker car beside a dumpster, blowing one guy and the other one waiting to fuck me. That dirtiness only turned me on more. 

It was time to continue Ray's blowjob. The cold was limiting the lubrication on his cock and if you ever deepthroated a dick, you know you need lubrication to perform it. I held the hard-on in the palm of my hand and spit on it a couple of times before smearing and stroking the liquid all around it. I stroked my saliva evenly before I put that black cock back in my mouth. 

It didn't take long to get my pre-interruption rhythm going again. I knew my warm sucking was getting both the men worked up. Ray was slightly moving his hips to keep pace with my sucking like he was subconsciously trying to fuck my mouth. I reached my hands behind him and took hold of his thighs just under his ass cheeks through his cold slacks. I could vaguely hear him moaning from outside. The moaning combined with his cock starting to throb, I knew it was time. 

I sucked a little faster when I felt Ray slightly thrust his hips forward as he started to shoot his load. My eyes opened really wide while Ray blasted his sperm onto my tongue. He timed every thrust with every shot like he needed extra pressure to help him empty his nuts. The semen was so thick, it reminded me of someone squeezing toothpaste out of the tube. Each powerful shot contained an extraordinary large amount of semen. I couldn't believe how much cum Ray had stored up in his balls. When his ejaculation finally started to trail off, my mouth was literally full. 

I held on to the base of his slick cock when I slowly pulled my mouth off of it. I felt like my mouth was full of warm, salty, tapioca pudding. I swallowed it and I will have to be honest, it was bitter and didn't taste very well but every so often, you will get a load like that. I knew that Ray liked it and that is what matters. 

I squeezed Ray's half hard cock still sticking out of his zipper and a small blob of cum popped out of the hole. I leaned and slurped it off. I squeezed it again and an even bigger glob popped out and once again I sucked it off. I then took my hand down to the base, squeezed tightly and dragged my hand down the shaft and I couldn't believe another cum glob came out. I sucked that off as well and couldn't believe it actually took three tries to completely empty Ray's shaft. 

Ray leaned down where he could see me in the car while I tapped on his softening dick and told him with a smile, "You can put him away now."

Ray put his cock back in his trousers and I used both hands to zip him up. He was extremely cold by then even with a coat on. He went back into the bowling alley to let Joe do his thing. I shut the door and Joe started the car to warm it back up. 

"Seein you suck his dick, got mine hard, let me tell ya," Joe said.

"Do you want a blowjob too?" I asked ready for more.

"Nah. I already had one of your killer blowjobs. I want to tap that ass," replied Joe while getting excited. 

I took off my shoes, pants, and underwear. I still had on my shirt and sweater. I put the passenger seat back as far as it would go, which wasn't much with all the junk in the back seat. I then tried to recline the seat which only went back about two feet past straight up. Joe took off his coat but kept on his long t-shirt which hung down to about his mid-thigh. He kept his shoes on and after unbuckling his belt, he shimmed his jeans down to his ankles. 

Joe's 9 inch cock stood straight up with his shirt overtop of it, making it look like he was pitching a tent. Joe climbed over the gearshift, bumping into the mirror and generally having a difficult time. He finally had his feet on the floor up under the dash, facing me, and I reached down, pulled up his shirt, finally exposing that curved dick. I pulled out the condom and lube from my pocket from my pants laying on the console. 

I tore open the package, pulled his shirt up again, and rolled the large lambskin condom on this erection. I then took the small tube of lube and squirted it into my palm before I smeared it evenly on Joe's shaft. It seemed bigger than the last time we hooked up. I took the remaining lube that was on my finger and stuck it in my ass to get myself ready for Joe. 

"Put your knees up higher. Havin trouble finding the hole," requested Joe as he fumbled around trying to put himself in me. 

I spread my legs further as I put one foot on the steering wheel and put the other foot at the top of the window, near the roof of the passenger side. Joe held his cock while he swirled the head around my asshole preparing it for entry while I was using both hands to hold his shirt up above his waste so that it would not be in the way. Joe finally found his mark and gave a push until the head was inside. It felt bigger than I remember and I would be lying if I didn't say it was painful at first. 

"Whoa. Go slow...slow...easy does it," I soothingly begged Joe as he started slipping the rest of his inches up me. 

"I will baby. Just hang on, almost there," assured Joe while he kept pushing. 

He finally was completely submerged in my ass. I was still holding his shirt up and now rubbing the top of his muscular ass and lower back while his thick beard was touching my chin. His hands were holding the seat on each side of me as he began to thrust in and out. I kept rubbing his ass and back as I fumbled with that shirt. I could hear Joe's belt buckle jingling around inside his pants that were constricted around his ankles. 

"Shit, baby. That is one tight ass. Nice and warm too. I fuckin love it," whispered Joe as he kept pumping his big black dick inside my rectum. 

"Do it. Keep fucking it. Keep going. Give it all to me," I responded.

Joe kept grinding and thrusting while I kept rubbing that muscular ass of his. I loved how the muscular dents on the side of it became very apparent during each thrust. Even with the long shirt in the way and his beard periodically tickling my face, I didn't care because his pumping dong was feeling very good in my ass. I just remember it was hitting all the right spots in me enough to make me want to cum on my own stomach. 

My sock covered feet were banging around all over the car, ranging from the steering wheel, to the mirror, to the visor, to the windows. I was squirming considerably but keeping my knees high enough to give Joe the access he needed. 

Joe informed me with desperate lust, "I'm bout to cum baby. Fuck! Oh shit, I'm bout to cum!"

Then horror came over both our faces when we heard the dumpster lid shut. Joe immediately stopped pumping and looked up. All the windows were fogged up so we couldn't see. Joe took his hand and wiped a circle in the window. I'm assuming it was the same guy from earlier from what Joe said.

As Joe stayed on top of me and inside me, he leaned over, opened the door, and said, "Dude, what are ya doin? Can't ya see I'm tryin to get some ass in here? Damn, can you give me a minute? Come back in ten." 

Joe then shut the door and started back up with his pumping. I pulled up his shirt, rubbing his ass and back once again. It didn't take long at all for Joe to build up his hip thrusting to the level it was before the interruption. I could hear his heart beating and him breathing heavily. 

"There we go. My nut's buildin up again. Fuck, yea," Joe grunted. 

His smooth ass was going to town. He would thrust for a while, then pump faster before slowing down to a slow push. Joe kept mixing it up and my prostate was loving it. This older man knew how to fuck. In the words he used earlier, the guy could "lay some pipe." 

"You gonna fill your rubber up for me?" I asked.

Joe was still grunting and out of breath when his reply surprised me, "Nah, I want to cum on ya. I want to nut all over ya. Is that cool?"

Not sure why, and he was in no position to give me a facial, but I was worked up and didn't care when I gasped, "Do it. Shoot your load on my belly. Give me that warm cum."

I then lifted my shirt and sweater to give Joe his target. I knew it wouldn't be long. He was hitting all the right spots deep inside my rectum. My own dick was rock hard and pressed against my stomach. I was hoping he would shoot some of his load on my erection. 

"Ya ready for it? Oh shit. You're bout to get it. You want that nut, don't ya? Ya love that cum. I know ya love it!" Announced Joe in his lustful state.

"Aaauuggghhhh!" Joe yelled as he quickly pulled his condom covered dick out of my ass.

All in one motion, he quickly slipped the condom off his cock, dropped it on the seat between my legs as he jerked his rock hard dick into oblivion. I was holding my shirt and sweater up with both hands, patiently waiting for Joe's load. The first spurt rifled out and actually went over my shoulder into the back seat. Joe was still yelling and flailing like a mad man on his cock when the second spurt hit me in the chin and all over my sweater. His mouth was hanging open while he grunted and jerked out the following spurts which landed all over me. His milky white cum was now pooling and coagulating all over my sweater. 

Joe had shot at least 8 times and possible more before the cum streams started fading. I remember thinking that the ability to have so much cum stored up must run in the family. He finally stopped and I was a mess. The windows were fogged and the car was cold but it was hard for us to notice in our state. We were all cramped up and it took several minutes for us to untangle ourselves. Joe had "pecker tracks" on his seats but he didn't care. 

Joe got dressed and was the first one to leave the car. I took an old rag I found to wipe all Joe's cum off my sweater. I eventually just had to turn it inside out because it was wrecked. I can't really remember but I think it was ruined and I threw it away. 

I eventually went back inside and we finished bowling but not without many questions from my friends.