 The next several weeks went by and spring was getting closer. It was business as usual as I would give either Dante or Vinny a blowjob or an occasional fuck but the next major session came one Saturday night after one of Dante's games. Dante was supposed to double date with Vinny and Cherise but something had come up and she couldn't make it so I was his backup plan. I was actually at a friend's apartment when Dante called and wanted to pick me up. 

He picked me up in his SUV about a half an hour later and I just left my car there at my friends. We had to stop by CVS to pick up some lube and some candy for Dante. We walked in Dante's athletic dorm and the lights were on in Vinny's bedroom so we knew that Vinny and Cherise were there. 

As Dante looked back at me and grabbed his crotch through his jeans he said, "Let's go in there, man. I'm fuckin horned up. Ain't no sense messin around, let's get in there.

We went into his bedroom. Dante immediately took off all his clothes and his socks which was unusual because he usually left his socks on. He was so excited, he did it very quickly. I was also getting undressed but much slower when I glanced up and saw that he was stroking his 11 inch uncut cock. It was about three quarters hard and it looked like, and I've said this before, it was attached to a large male animal ready to mate. I could see his foreskin go up over the head and peel back down with each stroke. I found it interesting that he was doing it with his left hand because he usually uses his right but I have also seen him use both at the same time.

As Dante sat down on the edge of the bed, he leaned back on his forearms and directed me, "Hey, come over here and fluff me."

I knew that meant he wanted his dick sucked on, so I walked over and squatted down, took his cock in my hand, peeled back his foreskin so I could start with that nice head, then started licking around the rim. Dante just watched me and gave an occasional moan. I put the head in my mouth and sucked his black tool up and down. I would take a break and stroke the shaft while I would relax my jaws. I kept on doing this until Dante was rock hard and leaking precum. If you haven't read any of my previous posts, Dante is a freak when it comes to leaking precum. I had never seen it before or since from any other man, but he almost leaks continuous precum like a slow flowing hose. 

I licked it off the head and put my tongue in his hole to dig more out which was not difficult. He was so hard which told me that he liked what I was doing. It didn't have much of a taste but I really liked it. As I was getting into it, Dante stopped me.

"Hold on. I wanna show ya something," he said as he grabbed the base of his cock and squeezed really tight and just held it like that.

I had a perplexed look on my face as his dick started swelling even tighter and his now puffed up head started getting a little darker. Dante squeezed on his own cock for about 45 seconds before he released his grip, then squeezed again but not near as tight. He then ran his hand up his cock like one would do in an upward stroke and I wouldn't have believed it until I seen it with my own eyes. A huge amount of precum came out of his cock like a water fountain that had low water pressure. It flowed out and down the side all over his hand and his pubic area. It was so clear and tacky that it looked like baby oil. 

"Oh my God! Look at all that. You never told me you could do that." I gasped in amazement.

He laughed and answered, "If I show ya everything at once, I'll never be able to keep ya off my jock." He added, "Naw, I'm just playin. You like that dontcha?"

"Hell yes I do. There is more precum here than most guys cum." I continued still in amazement. 

"Well, what are ya waitin on? You know you want that gravy. Get in there and get it," Dante instructed. 

I'm telling you, he didn't have to tell me twice. I started at the tip and licked it into it turned into a slurp. I held onto his shaft to hold his dick still while I tried to clean up all the precum. With my lips in kissing formation, I slurped down the shaft and when I got to his pubic area, I literally had to slurp up the puddle like I was eating oysters. It was insane! I then grabbed the base of his cock and held on tight to duplicate what Dante had done. After about 45 seconds, I released, re-grabbed, and ran my hand up the shaft and sure enough, another huge glob of precum oozed out and ran down his shaft. I spent the next 10 minutes eating up the precum and replaying my actions. 

"Alright. That's enough. It's time to get down to business. You're gonna help me get my nut. I want that ass!" Dante announced. 

Dante got up on his knees with his long dong bouncing around and a precum stream hanging off the end. He patted the bed in front of himself to signal where he wanted me. I got the lube out of the bag, handed it to Dante and then got up on my knees in front of him and spread my legs. 

"Put your head down," ordered Dante so that he would have my asshole tilted upward to give him a better angle. 

I heard a huge glob of KY Jelly get squirted on his first two fingers like a doctor ready to give a prostate exam. I turned and could see he rubbed the lube around with his thumb and two fingers. 

"Just relax baby, I'm gonna get ya ready for me," he softly warned as he took his two fingers and inserted them into my butt hole. 

At first it was a little uncomfortable because Dante is a 6 foot 10 inch basketball player with fingers long enough to easily palm a basketball. His fingers were so far up me, I could feel his other fingers and thumb pressed up against my taint area. He started out slowly sliding them straight in and out to evenly spread the lube inside my rectum walls. He eventually swirled his hand in a circle while he continued to go in and out, like a drill. It was feeling good on my prostate and judging by my own rock hard cock, I wanted his long dick in me. 

He pulled his fingers out, squirted another huge glob of KY on his palm and stroked it all over his 11 inch black pole. I've said this before but as Dante scooted closer to me and my 5'8 body with his 6'10 lanky, but muscular, frame, it's like a large Doberman dog trying to mount a Chihuahua. Dante took his greased up dick and smacked it on my crack a few times. 

"Ya ready for this big dick? I'm one horny mother fucker and I'm gonna fuck the shit out that ass," he warned. 

He put his large helmet against my opening and pushed until it popped inside while I was wincing trying to get acclimated. I squeezed my sphincter muscles around that head, then relaxed. Dante slowly pushed a couple more inches inside, then he would stop and wait for me to get used to it before giving me more. He was always a gentle lover and never forced himself in me. Even though he was gentle, every push would cause me to once again squirm and breathe faster trying to get adjusted to the pain. 

"Don't resist it. Just totally chill, baby and let me in. Almost there." Dante soothingly said as he periodically kept sliding his shaft in my ass. 

I let out a loud moan when Dante reached his destination. All 11 inches where snugly inside my rectum as he held my hips tightly. He slowly started pulling it out only to immediately slide it back in before repeating. His cock and the inside of my ass were lubed generously but since I hadn't fully stretched yet, I could feel his foreskin slide inside me with each movement. That always felt really good to me. 

"That shit is tight. I ain't gonna be able to last real long before I blow my nut in there," Dante laughed. 

By that time, he had picked up his pace and was fucking my ass with a nice constant rhythm while he made small grunting sounds. I was also making groaning sounds partly from pain but mostly from pleasure. The doggie style downward motion made Dante's long dick feel like it was in my stomach. If you have ever had a huge cock up your ass then you know that when it starts to feel so good on your prostate, you don't worry about the air pressure you feel in your abdomen. 

Dante was fucking me pretty steady, enjoying the warm orifice I had provide him. I was now completely used to his size and we were both getting into it when we could hear Vinny and Cherise fucking in the other room through the walls. She was moaning and groaning and Vinny was talking dirty to her even though we couldn't make out what he was saying. 

Dante stopped thrusting and we just listened for a couple of minutes. We both laughed when Dante said, "What do ya think. Ya think we can take em?" referring to thinking we can out fuck them. 

I laughed, "They're amateurs. You need to fuck me like you mean it!"

While I was still on my knees, Dante stood up to his feet while not allowing his cock to slide out of my ass. He was crouched down, put his hands in the small of my back and started fucking like he meant it. I was now groaning louder, partly to allow Vinny and Cherise to hear but mostly because I couldn't help it. Dante was also louder in his grunting and because he was fucking so fast, the bed was rocking back and forth against the wall. My dick was smacking against my stomach due to the momentum. The slapping sound of his thighs against mine was significantly louder along with his huge hanging nuts slapping my taint area. 

"Take that fuckin dick! Take it baby! Aw shit, you gonna make me cum! Who's your daddy? Who's your mother fuckin daddy?" Dante yelled as he started slapping my ass with his big right hand. 

"You are! You're my daddy! Ride me!" I yelled back.

As he kept pumping and reaming my hole, Dante added, "Whose ass it this? Whose is it?"

"You know it's yours," I squealed. 

"Damn straight it is!" Dante assured as he changed his tone which meant he was getting closer to cumming. 

With the air filled with Vinny and his women fucking in the other room and with our bodies and balls slapping, our grunting and yelling, our bed rocking and banging, Dante was getting ready to blow his backed up load deep in my rectum. 

"Hold still...here it comes! Dante slammed his black dick completely in my ass and yelled augh, augh, augh, with each individual blast. He was this masculine god cumming hard and strong. I love feeling Dante's warm cum spray in my bowel walls and this was no exception. Even when the spurts started slowing down, Dante grabbed my ass cheeks tightly and squeezed them together as if to milk ever drop from his ejaculating dong.

"God Damn! That's what I'm talkin bout!" Dante said as he often did when he has finished cumming. 

Dante got back down on his knees but was careful not to let his cock slip out of my ass. I turned my head to the side and asked with a smile, "Do you feel better now?" 

"Fuck yea, I do. I bet I nutted a fuckin gallon up your ass, but I don't think I'm done yet," Dante sighed. 

That is when I realized Dante was still hard. He had done that before on many occasions. Dante can fuck at least twice a session and many times he wants a third one. 

He pulled out and a huge white clump of slimy sperm came out with his cock and landed on the bed. He grabbed my ankles, shuffled on his knees while backing up, pulled me with him right on top of the cum spot. Dante flipped me around to my side and then put one of my legs up over his shoulder. He took hold of his slimy, cum covered cock, leaned in and put in back in my ass. Believe me, with the stretching he had just given it combined with the cum-lube mixture, Dante had no trouble putting his massive dick back in me. 

I had one leg slung up over his shoulder and he leaned all the way down to where his hands were now on the bed. I was so far back, my leg was now over my own shoulder as well. Dante then started pumping my ass once again giving me a great view of his cock sliding in and out as well as the serious sex expressions on his face. He was already sweaty and his turnaround fuck time was amazing. 

Dante fucked me with my leg over his shoulder, then switched it up and fucked me with me on my back with both legs over his shoulders before putting me on my side once again like we had started out. We fucked for at least 15 minutes.

As Dante pumped away, I was looking directly into Dante's eyes when I wanted to encourage him, "Do it! That ass is yours. Fuck it, daddy. It's your property. Fuck your ass!" 

"Yea, baby! It is daddy's ass, ain't it? You're gonna make daddy cum again," he groaned as his chest and abs started heaving and trembling. 

"Get ready, baby! Fuuuuck! I'm cummin!" shouted Dante as he released his second load in the last half hour. 

His broken up grunts while holding his breath filled the air as he ejaculated his seed. He was violently shaking as he blasted. There must have been a half a dozen shots before the spurts started trailing off, Dante slowed down his thrusts to almost a stop. He pulled out immediately after he had finished leaving his double dose of sperm creampie in my ass. 

I laid there on the bed, watching Dante go into the bathroom and take a huge piss. His cock was cum covered and oozing as he held it with two fingers and his thumb. I followed him into the bathroom to wipe the slime from my asshole. 

"So how about now? You feel good and relaxed?" I asked after taking both loads.

"Oh yea. I feel damn good now. I can sleep for hours!" He answered while approvingly shaking his head. "It's late. Why don't ya just crash on the couch and I'll take ya to get your car in the morning," added Dante. 

It was late and that was a good idea. We made up the couch and when all the lights were off, I was free to jack off my own leaking cock. I used one of Cherise's socks laying on the floor to blow a well-earned load to relieve my own blue balls. I remember a couple days later when Cherise realized what had happened, she was pissed. 

As I slept, I remember someone waking me up from a dead sleep early in the morning. 

"Mark...Mark...wake up," whispered Cherise as she shook me. 

My eyes opened, I blurrily looked at her and asked, "What do you want?"

Cherise continued whispering, "Today is Vinny's birthday and right now he has major 'morning wood.' Why don't you go in there and surprise him with a blowjob."

"Why don't you blow him? He's your boyfriend. Besides, I heard you guys fucking last night." I yawned while trying to get my bearings. 

"You know Vinny, that bastard can fuck and cum all day long. Plus, I don't like sucking him, cause...well...you know...his dick is too big. I can barely get my mouth around it and it makes my jaws sore. All he talks about is how good you suck his dick, anyway. So what do say?" She continued to whisper. 

I thought about it and agreed. I first used the bathroom and washed my face. I crept into Vinny's room and there laid the muscular black Adonis with the bed sheet over his legs and other than that, he was stark naked. He was sound asleep and Cherise was right, that monster 12 inch black cock of his, was hard as a rock and pressed up against his abs. The sun was already coming through the window and I could see Cherise's dried cum speckled all over it. 

Now Vinny's cock is thicker than Dante's and about an inch longer. Both cocks are huge but Vinny's thickness takes the word huge to another level. Vinny's cock is also circumcised so his huge head is always visible. I gently laid down on the bed beside the sleeping Vinny and put my face against his large balls. I gently kissed them and I could smell Cherise's pussy which turned me on. As I ran my nose up the shaft, the freshly used pussy smell got even stronger. Just knowing he used that huge cock to fuck and stretch out a sexy girl's vagina, inspired me to give him a wonderful birthday blowjob. 

I took my time. I kissed and licked every inch of that dick and believe me, it took a long time. Finally, I couldn't stand it any longer and needed that cock in my mouth. I laid my head down on his abs to get my mouth even with his erection. When I wrapped my lips around his mushroom head I felt a huge jerk from his body which told me that he had woken up. My teeth were tucked carefully out of the way and it was time to suck Vinny's huge dong. 

I started bobbing and sliding up and down on his shaft. I heard him shift his breathing and he gave me a couple of "uummms" which told me he was enjoying my warm mouth. I used my hand and took hold of his cock so that I could stroke it while I sucked. I took my time with my sucking and my jerking. Since he had fucked just a few hours before, I knew it was going to take some time before he would blow. I didn't mind because I wanted to really build Vinny up to a strong finish. Even though my mouth was stuffed completely full, you could hear my slurping sounds. 

Vinny was groaning under his breath, "Oh yea...just like that...just like that...right there..."

I was slowly giving Vinny his birthday blowjob. I was no longer just sucking his dick, I was literally, making love to it with my mouth. Softly and sensually, I continued, when I heard Cherise come into the room. 

Cherise slid in bed on his other side when I heard her whisper as she giggled, "Happy Birthday, baby. You enjoying yourself?"

He whispered back, "Yup. I'm bout cum in his mouth."

That only made me suck and jerk more. Cherise planted her lips to his and judging from the mumbling, I knew they were kissing. They had a full blown make-out session going when, after about 30 minutes of sucking, Vinny's legs locked straight out, his toes curled, and shouted inside of Cherise's mouth.

The first spurt jetted out of Vinny's huge black cock and landed on the back of my tongue as I kept my lips tightly pressed around it. I jerked and sucked while he shot a second and third wad of sperm. I didn't want to stop jerking so I wasn't in a position to smack his balls like he liked but judging by his seized up body, he was thoroughly enjoying himself. Vinny's cock released its fourth and fifth shots before it calmed down to a couple more light twitching oozes. I could see his toes were now spread and clenched. 

Vinny and Cherise were still making out even after he had finished cumming almost like nothing had happened. Before coming up, I squeezed his shaft a couple of times to make sure I milked out every last drop. By the time I sat up, I had already swallowed the entire load. Both of them never broke stride in their kissing as I leaned down and gave his huge cock a giant kiss goodbye and left the room. My mouth skills were Cherise's birthday gift to Vinny and I was happy to help out.

I laid back down and eventually Dante woke up and took me back to my car.