 It was the Friday before spring break and I was packing because the next day, some friends and I were to head down to the California coast for a little sun and fun. It was fairly early in the evening when Dante called me to come out to a house where he and some of his guys were playing poker. He said he needed a favor. I was a reluctant at first but when I think I have a chance to get a piece of that 11 inch black cock of his, I just can't turn him down. In case you haven't read my previous submissions, I am describing my experiences in college for when I was pretty much a "booty call" for a couple of black athletes. Dante was a 6 foot 10 inch center on the basketball team. He was lean but muscular and his cock was uncircumcised. 

Dante gave me the directions and when I arrived, I found that it was truly a guy's night out. From what I can remember, there were about 6 or 7 guys sitting at this huge card table playing poker while two or three were in the living room playing video games. There were two white guys and the rest were black. I didn't recognize anyone except Dante. I also remember thinking, "What in the world has he gotten me into again?"

Dante greeted me when I came in and introduced me to some of the guys. Everybody was laughing, smoking, drinking, cursing, and having a great time. Dante led me back into this bedroom that was surprisingly nice. It had decorative pillows, and a fancy bedspread. 

"What's up?" I asked Dante. 

"You know that hot bitch you got in your English class, Lexi Brinson?" He asked.

"Oh yea! Who doesn't know her? She is smoking. What about her?" I asked.

"She wants to meet me tonight in about....(he looked at the clock on the night stand)....20 minutes," answered Dante nervously. 

I smiled and said excitedly, "That's awesome dude. She is absolutely gorgeous."

"Yea that's the fuckin problem. She is bangin and I'm worried that I ain't gonna last that long if I fuck her. That shit's embarrassin," said Dante. 

"Fuck her twice," was my simple solution answer.

"I know, but I like to be a man and last awhile the first time. That is why I got ya here man. I was hopin you could just take care of me before I head over. We'd have to be quick though," Dante informed. 

I thought about it and agreed as I now instructed, "Lock the door."

Dante locked the door then began to unbuckle his pants. He pulled them and his flannel boxer shorts down exposing his long dangling black cock and the foreskin covering his head. 

"We can't fuck up this bed cause it's Buster and his ole lady's. We gotta be careful," warned Dante. 

Dante finished taking off his pants and underwear along with his shoes. He sat down on the edge of the nice bed with his long legs still on the floor.

I knelt down on the floor between his legs and lifted his cock so I could kiss and lick his smooth balls. They smelled good and tasted salty from Dante's sweat. I was stroking his cock while I continued working on his balls when I looked up into Dante's eyes and said, "If I have to make you cum quick, then you need to relax and concentrate."

I went back down sucking his nuts before I started licking up the shaft to his head. I pulled his foreskin back so I could suck and focus on his large cock head. I would suck the head for a little while and then slide my mouth right back down his shaft to his balls again. I kept doing this until Dante's full eleven inches were completely hard and the head was naturally sticking out of the foreskin. My mouth would make a loud pop when I would suck it and then pull off. I have to admit, I was getting into giving Dante some sweet head. 

"Damn boy, ya gonna have to hurry. Go ahead and jerk it. When I get back from break, you can come over Sunday night and suck and love on it as long as ya want. You can make it cum as many times as ya want, but right now we gotta hurry this shit up," instructed Dante. 

"I got ya," I responded as I slurped up and wiped the saliva off my lips. I then directed, "Ok, then scoot back so I can get up on the bed with you."

Dante is so tall, not only did he have to scoot back, he had to turn where he was laying the correct direction with his head on the nice decorative pillows. He spread his legs and I was up on my knees between his. I took a hold of the bottom of his black pole and squeezed it tight then ran my hand up the shaft which caused a ton of precum to ooze out and down the shaft like it had done many times before. I needed that lube. I twisted the precum around the dick and started stroking it. His cock was so long that I didn't have much trouble leaning down and putting my mouth on it even though I was up on my knees. 

I jerked and sucked it. His precum tasted sweet enough that if I could have bottled it and drank it, I would have. I got a good rhythm with my jerking. It was making that sloppy, smacking sound and as I sucked, I could easily see his face. Dante put his hand on the back of my head while he leaned his own head back. His mouth was hanging open and I could tell by the look in his eyes that he was concentrating like crazy to blow his load quicker. 

He mumbled, "Slobber all over that dick. Grease that shit up."

I let a huge glob of saliva run out of my mouth and down his large cock. I used my hand to stroke it evenly all around. Dante used his hand softly to guide my mouth up and down on him. I went all the way down on it until I gagged then I came up off his cock while gasping for air. 

I then took hold of his cock with both hands and started jerking him off. Even though I had both hands on this cock there was still a few inches sticking out the top of my palm. Combined with Dante's precum and my saliva, there was plenty of lube for me to jack him off. My hands were moving up and down at a quick pace while he watched. 

Dante moaned his instructions, "Ah shit! Just like that. That shit feels good. Beat that mutha fucker! Make it spit! Make that fucker spit!"

My hands were flailing up and down that black dick, when I responded, "Yea, shoot that fuckin load for me. Give it up. Give me that nut!"

Dante started twitching his ass and pounding on the bed with his hand when he yelled, "Get on it. Here comes the slime!"

I put my mouth on his cock and with the angle I had, Dante's first wad splatted directly on the roof of my mouth. He continued to grunt, "auugghhh" while I jerked out his cum. He blew several spurts of his huge load in my mouth while I was careful not to change my jerking pace. He would jerk his hips upward to coincide with each squirt while he continued to pound his hand on the bed. With my mouth on and over top his cock and his continuous movement, I had to be very careful to not let my bottom teeth scrape it. His cock finally stopped shooting its seed in my mouth. 

Dante took a deep breath and sighed, "God damn, I needed that. I'm ready now. Lexi, here I come baby girl."

I slowly pulled my mouth off Dante's huge cock so not to let his spunk escape. I raised up and I remember vividly how thick and clumpy it felt in my mouth. I actually enjoy cum when its consistency is thick so I swallowed it willingly. The thickness made it taste very tangy, but good. 

I moved out of the way and Dante got up and with his wet, half hard dick swinging around, he put his pants and shoes back on while I straightened up the bed. 

"You should stick around. These guys are good guys, not like those fuckers last time," Dante offered referring to that house where I blew Big Ed. 

Dante left and after I went to the bathroom to wipe my mouth, I decided to walk down to the basement to check out the noise. There were three guys down there playing video games just like a few guys upstairs were doing. I recognized Brian, who was a white guy who also played on the basketball team with Dante. The other two guys were black and I didn't recognize them. They were playing, you guessed it, a basketball game. I bet I watched them play for at least an hour and drank some wine coolers. 

I was feeling buzzed and was really horny from what happened with Dante. It was one of those horny feelings where you are out of your mind with lust and you do reckless things that you know you shouldn't. It started when Brian put two and two together and realized who I was. 

"Dude, now I know...you're his piece he gets on the side! He told me that he fucks the shit out of you...is that why you're here?" Brian asked. 

I smiled but didn't say anything. Now Brian was about 6 foot tall, weighed about 180 pounds and had red hair. He was fair skinned and wore his hair really short like a military cut. He tried to act and talk black with the huge gold chain, high tops untied and wearing his Laker jersey. 

Brian was pointing with his thumb at me while talking to one of the black guys named Sly because he loved the Rocky movies, "Dante told me this dude is fuckin wild. He'll suck the shit out of it and fuck it balls deep."

"Why don't ya let us fuck ya? I could use a good nut," chimed Reggie the other black guy sitting there. 

"Are you guys serious?" I asked. They shook their heads yes when I added in my foolish horniness, "If we do this, I have a few rules that have to be followed." 

I don't remember which, but one them said, "Lay em on us."

"First, if you're going in the back door, you have to lube up every time. Second, if I say stop at any time, then you have to stop and finally, I don't like pain. You guys cool, with those?" I asked.

They agreed when I said, "We will need a towel and some lube." I couldn't believe I had forgotten mine even though I always bring it when I'm meeting up with Dante or Vinny. 

Sly ran up the steps to find lube while Brian and Reggie pulled their shorts down. Reggie looked a little older which I would guess 25 or so and he was a bigger guy with a barrel chest and a big belly. He was more brown than black. He had huge thighs and I could see a few stretch marks on the side of them. 

Brian's cock was long and skinny with a huge patch of red pubic hair above it that clearly needed trimmed. It was probably about 8 to 8 ½ inches, very pale and cut with some blue spider veins running all around it. The head was really small but had a perfect mushroom shape. Reggie's cock was a little shorter but much thicker and he had these huge balls that hung underneath it. His cock was also uncut and had a real smooth look even though those huge balls were surrounded by a real meaty sac. Both guys were standing there stroking their own cocks with their shorts around their knees. 

Brian then sat down on the couch, while pointing to his long, slender hard-on and said in his black dialect, "Let's get this party started. Why don't ya get down here and suck on this dick for a little while, you hear what I'm sayin son?" 

Reggie added, "Yea, but ya need to take them clothes off first."

I was buzzing and horny so I didn't care. I took off ever stitch of clothing and piled them in a corner. I got on my knees while up on the couch beside Brian. He had kicked off his shorts and he was holding his fully erect cock like he was pointing it up in the air. I leaned it and took it in my mouth. It had a smooth feel with my tongue and I sucked on it real slow at first. Brian gasp to the feel of my warm mouth.

"Damn, son. This dude knows what he is doing on a dick, yo," said Brian excitedly. 

He talked almost over the top with the black slang and he said "son" a lot. I didn't care and I was slurping and bobbing up and down on his cock. It tasted good and he was enjoying himself. After I had worked up a little saliva, I went all the way down on him which caused him to shudder. 

Reggie commented on my deepthroat skills, "Damn, look at that shit. He swallowed all of it like it's nothin."

Brian was breathing faster and enjoying my blowjob when I heard footsteps clunking down the wooden basement steps and then a voice when I looked up. 

"What the fuck? Y'all started without us? This is all I could find," announced Sly as he had two other black guys with him and he was holding up some vegetable cooking oil he had obtained from the kitchen in one hand and a bath towel in the other. 

I thought "what the hell" and went back to sucking Brian's cock. 

I could hear belt buckles rattling as the two new guys started undoing their pants when I heard Sly, "I'm goin first. I'm the one who got the grease."

"No fuckin way. I'm tappin that ass first," interrupted Reggie. 

I was sucking Brian at a good pace now and he was really relaxed and letting me do my thing. I'm not sure but I think even the third black guy got into the argument of who was going to get the fuck me first. Once again, I didn't care, I was just ready for someone's black dick in my ass. 

Reggie won out as he tossed his shorts off to the side. He put one leg on the floor and he had one knee up on the couch behind me. He took that thick cock and smacked it on my ass. 

"Look at this fellas!" Reggie ordered. "Look how smooth this white ass is. Give me that oil!"

Reggie poured the cooking oil in his hand and stroked his fat cock to even out the lube. 

As he stuck it up against my anus opening and fumbled around when the third black guy who had long dread locks said, "God damn. Look at those fuckin beach balls!" He was referring to Reggie's huge balls hanging between his legs. 

With Brian's cock still stuffed in my mouth I mumbled, "Let me help you."

They couldn't understand me and I had to pull off Brian's saliva covered cock and repeat as I reached under my legs and took hold of Reggie's fat hog to guide it to the proper place, "Here, right there."

I looked around and saw the other two guys with their pants off and jerking their black cocks as Reggie pushed his thick cock and it popped in my ass past my sphincter. The thickness did hurt like hell and I told him to pull it out for a minute. 

Reggie pulled his cock out of my ass and excitedly said to the guys, "Look at that shit. See how the hole stretches out and as soon as I pull it out, it squeezes closed!"

Reggie pushed his cock back in for a few seconds and pulled it back out to a roar of laughing by all the guys. 

"Hurry up and fuck him so I can get a shot," impatiently ordered Sly.

That's when Reggie packed his hard, fat cock up my ass about half way and because of the vegetable oil, it wasn't that difficult. It did hurt a little but not near as much as it did the first entry. Reggie then slide the rest of his cock in me until he was balls deep. I could feel his belly on the top of my ass and once he was in, Brian reached up and took the back of my head and pulled it down on his dick to jump start me once again. I picked up where I left off sucking Brian. 

As Reggie took hold of my hips and started fucking my ass, there was a comment by dreadlock guy, "How is it Reg? Is it tighter than a mutha fucker?" 

"Fuck yea! It ain't gonna take long, I can tell ya that!" Reggie grunted his reply as his huge balls swung faster than his thrusting cock. 

Reggie was pounding my ass hard enough where it made sucking Brian's dick difficult because I wanted to be sure my teeth didn't scrape it. There were other comments that are tough to remember along with the occasional cheer. Even with the jarring, I was deepthroating Brian and he was groaning loudly. His cock was throbbing and he was getting close. 

Brian's legs stiffened up and he even lifted them off the ground as he started erupting in my sucking mouth. His warm cum was collecting around his shaft inside my locked on lips. He was very vocal in his pleasure grunts. He finally stopped blasting his load and now it was my job to pull my Reggie induced jarring lips off without letting Brian's cum run all over. 

"Aw fuck! Aw shit! I'm gonna nut! I'm gonna........AAUUGGHHH!" Reggie screamed as he pulled his thick cock out of my ass and started jerking as fast as he could. 

All I could do was just hang on with my cum and cock filled mouth holding still as Reggie's thrashing hand caused him to blast out his load all over my smooth ass and stretched asshole. I couldn't see how much or how thick it was but I did hear Sly mumble, "Paint that ass!"

When Reggie had finished, he smacked his cock on my ass cheeks a couple of times. I was finally able to pull off Brian's dick and swallow his load. It had a tremendous amount of saliva mixed with it so it tasted thin and salty. He slid sideways out from under my head and said, "Who's next? Somebody jump in there. I'm tellin ya son, he gives some damn good head!"

"Either clean that shit up or push it in," ordered dreadlock guy. 

Reggie then used his dick as a mop as he slid some cum down my ass with his head and then push his cock back in my ass. He would pull it out and then do the same thing with another glob. He repeated this until most of the cum that was once on my ass cheeks or the outside of my hole, was now all inside by ass. Reggie had used his cock to clean me up. 

Being a heavier person, Reggie was sweating and out of breath when he got up. Sly wanted ass and had me stand up and bend over the arm rest of the couch. Sly was a dark skinned black man about 22 years old and very thin. I would guess him about 130 pounds He was only about 5 foot 7 but liked to fight which I'm assuming is why he liked the Rocky movies so much. Now dreadlock man, who I cannot remember or even know if I ever knew his name, was also dark skinned but about 6'4 with tattoos all over him (which never made sense because you couldn't tell what most of them were), including a tear drop under his eye and a dagger on his hip. He was muscular and had a bubbled ass like a black woman and was well endowed. 

Sly stood right behind me, squeezing my smooth white ass, and stroking his 7 inch, veiny cock almost like he had a ritual before he fucked. The base of his cock was also very hairy along with his tight nuts. His legs were spread wider than mine. Brian and Reggie stood there watching like they were enjoying a movie. Dreadlock guy got on his knees on the couch right in front of me, offering his estimated 9 inch uncut cock to my mouth. It was very black with a pinkish head and that is when I noticed his big cock curved so much upward, it looked like a giant black banana with over protruding veins underneath it. With me being bent over the arm, the height was perfect. 

Since I was pretty much locked in my position, I said, "Bring it to me," before I opened my mouth real wide. 

"Hold up, player!" Sly said to dreadlock man. "Switch it up. I changed my mind. I'll take that mouth of his."

Dreadlock man said, "Whatever. I'll fuck that ass. It ain't nothin but a thing."

He got off the couch and switched places with Sly. Sly was now on his knees in front of me and scooted forward until his cock rested comfortably in my mouth. Dreadlock man tapped my thighs to signal he wanted me to spread my legs, so I did. He poured a little oil on his cock and put it in my asshole. Considering his size, I was surprised that it went in that easy and it really didn't hurt. With the vegetable oil scent now strong in the air, it smelled like somebody was frying something. 

"Damn, that ass feels good! It ain't no wonder Reggie nutted so quick," was dreadlock man's comment once he was balls deep. 

I didn't have time to worry about dreadlock man fucking my ass as he thrusted like he was angry and I could hear the slapping sounds get louder. I was sucking Sly's cock the best I could considering the rocking back and forth dreadlock man was causing. I continued sucking and deepthroating Sly even with the pounding but I would occasionally gag when a rougher than usual thrust hit me from behind. 

I couldn't see much with the exception of Sly's abs and pubic hair. I did manage to cup his hairy balls and caress them as I blew him. I could hear guys making comments and an occasional, "Yea, suck that dick or fuck that ass." 
