 My friends and I got back from spring break on that Friday before school started back up on the next Monday, so we could have a few days to relax. That evening, I went back to my place and crashed. I was surprised to get a call from Vinny, not Dante, in the morning about 11. 

He asked me to come over to his dorm early, about 6pm. He said he had a surprise for me and was ready to get "freaky." Of course that excited me and made me so anxious that I went over to the adult store to get a few things. I picked up a pack of 2 rubber cock rings, a new bottle of this lubrication I hadn't used before and I also bought a silver bullet vibrating egg. Vinny loved to have his balls stimulated when he fucked so I was going to give him something extra special. 

For those of you who have not read my other posts, let me describe Vinny again. He was the starting linebacker on the football team. He was dark black, with a shaved head, had a little scruff on his chin, and was as muscular and big as anyone you would see. He was about 6'3 and weighed about 260 pounds of solid muscle. 

When the time got close, As usual, I took my enema and a shower to get as clean as I could for Vinny. I gathered my sexual toys and some lube in my trusty duffle bag that I have brought to Vinny and Dante's place many times and headed over. 

When I arrived, Vinny was gone but his girlfriend Cherise and her friend Monica were there. They had me come in and they were giggling. I didn't know what was up. 

"What's going on, girls?" I asked curiously.

"I will tell you sweetie. My girls and I are heading to Cancun all next week and he wanted us to give you a makeover," Cherise chuckled. "He wants us to get you all dolled up for him."

At that time, I had never cross dressed with the exception of the time I wore lipstick for Vinny. I will have to admit, I got a sensation in my pants thinking about it so I readily agreed to do it. I do have some feminine features like being a smaller guy, naturally long eyelashes, small feet, a smooth hairless body and higher cheekbones so thought I might be able to pull off being a half way decent looking girl for Vinny to enjoy, at least for the night. 

The girls were giddy with excitement because of wanting to dress me up. Cherise was gorgeous and Hispanic and she was actually about an inch taller than me so her up until that point I hadn't realized, but most of her clothes would fit me. Monica was petite and a very short red head. They were talking about how this would look on me or no, that is not the right look. This makeup color is perfect or this would bring out my eyes and so forth. They went all out. They painted my fingernails and toenails silver. The girls took their time and applied my makeup, complete with blue eyeshadow, eyeliner and of course Vinny's favorite, red lipstick.

"He loves gettin his dick sucked with this stuff on," Cherise told Monica as she put it on me as if to keep up conversation. "Hold still, yea just like that. Now smack your lips together," she directed me as she put a napkin in-between my lips." 

"What other shit does Vin like?" Monica asked Cherise.

Cherise thought for a few seconds then responded, "He likes to role play. He always likes to be in control or something. He likes to pretend he is the teacher and I'm his student or....oh yea, the one he likes the best is he pretends he is my pimp and I am one of his hoes. He wants me to call him daddy and stuff like that when we're doin it." 

Monica asked me, "Do you ever call him daddy or do any of that stuff when he's fuckin you?" 

"Yea sometimes. He definitely likes to be in control so I try to please him," I responded to Monica's question. 

"He likes feet too. He likes suckin on my toes," added Cherise, then walked over to the drawer while turning her attention to me, "That reminds me. Here, wear these, it will drive him nuts. He will want to pound you through the mattress if you have these on," Cherise said as she held up these black thigh high stockings she pulled out of the drawer.

At that time, I never knew Vinny liked feet but how could I have known because I am male and he likes female feet but with painted toenails and the stockings on, I thought I might have another weapon to make him cum really hard. Once I had the stockings on, they were light black with the exception of the toes. These had the darker black reinforced toes but even so, you could see my painted toenails through the nylon. They had rubber elastic around the tops to keep them on.

Monica then asked Cherise point blank while referring to me, "So why don't you just do all that shit he likes and Vinny won't have to fuck him?"

"I'll tell you why. First, Vinny is a damn animal that is always horny who never wants to stop fucking. He could fuck three or four times a day and that fuckin wears me out, which leads to the biggest reason. I've told ya that Vinny's dick is huge. You know a normal sized dick with normal thickness goes a long way but this mother fucker has a foot long (12 1/8 inches to be exact) and it's as big around as shampoo bottle. After a while that shit hurts and my pussy is sore for days," explained Cherise. "Brotha is hung like a horse and he knows how to use it but wants to use it way too much."

Cherise continued, "I can take 8 or 9 inches but not all of it. Mark, here, can take him, balls deep, and believe me, I've seen him do it and nobody has ever done that, so that is why he loves fucking Mark. I don't mind, cause it gives me a break and he doesn't cheat."

Monica looked at me, "Aren't you the little slut. Now it all makes sense. Damn."

Cherise then hooked one of her bras around me and placed some rubber breast inserts which weren't big enough to fill the cups but would do the trick. She dug in her drawer and found the matching panty which was made of white sheer with a little white bow at the top of the crotch area. Of course they were a little small but they also did the trick holding in my package. She got out a blond wig which looked more like a 80s rocker hair-do with bangs but it would work. The girls then picked out the clothing and Cherise handed me a black leather mini-skirt and a skin tight white top. 

"Here, Mark. You wear this mini skirt with the hose, forget about it, he will be jackhammering you until tomorrow," laughed Cherise. "I also sat out a couple pair of black pumps over by the closet. Just pick out what you like. They should fit." 

When I was fully dressed, I thought I looked pretty good but what was important, would Vinny like it? I wanted to be sure that Vinny was pleased and make sure he was going to have some powerful orgasms. He was 20 years old, so he was young, athletic, hung, and always horny. Cherise was right, he had a huge cock, fucked like a diesel engine and boy did he like to cum! All guys like to cum but he took it to the next level. When he gets worked up, he grunts and growls like a damn bear when he is blowing his load. The phase, "Young, dumb, and full of cum" was definitely appropriate for Vinny. He always had trouble sleeping and he used to say that "getting a good nut" helped him relax and sleep better. 

It wasn't too much longer after that, Vinny came in. He had a bottle of whisky that he sat on the table. He was ripped and sweaty because he had just worked out. 

"Damn, ya'll getting there!" Vinny commented referring to me. "I'm gonna go jump in the shower, then we gonna get down to it. Get her all prettied up for me!" "Bye baby, ya have fun and behave," Vinny said to Cherise as he kissed her and headed off to the shower. 

The girls had left and I sat there just flipping through the channels when Vinny came out of the bathroom wearing only his chain necklace with his number on it which he rarely took off. With no exaggeration, his black cock with a pinkish head, hung down between his legs to about mid-thigh looking like a black hose. Vinny also had low hanging large balls that probably were three or four inches from his shaft. 

As I sat on the couch staring at it, I got extremely turned on as it swayed back and forth when he walked and that is when I requested with a smile on my face, "Come over here and let me see it."

Vinny stood in front of me as I sat up on the edge of the couch. He spread his legs to give me better access as I cupped his hefty balls. His sac was wrinkled and loose. I showered his fat soft cock with kisses and licks while I lifted and played with his balls. I was getting lipstick on his black shaft but I didn't care. I was consumed with lust and Vinny was about half hard. That is when I put it my mouth and slowly sucked on it.

"That's it baby, get me goin. Suck on that dick. Get it hard. Get me ready for ya," Vinny encouraged.

I kept sucking on this massive cock and I felt him get harder and harder in my mouth. When Vinny is fully engorged, it is not easy to even fit him in your mouth. I continued fondling his nuts and sucking his dick until he was completely erect. His pubic area smelled so fresh and clean and his cock tasted so good, I wanted to swallow it whole. I would force myself on it until it would plop down my throat, I would gag and pull off. 

"Ya better take it easy, baby. Ya gettin carried away and tryin to swallow it all at once. Take your time. We'll get there," Vinny said in a calm voice. 

I pulled off with that slobber slime sticking to my chin and then I thought about what Cherise told me about Vinny liking role play and likes being a pimp when I said, "I'm sorry Daddy. I just want to be good for you. I want to be one of your girls and work for you."

Vinny was confused for a split second then when he understood what I was doing, he really went with it and said, "That's ok baby. Take your time and make your Daddy feel good. Ya show me ya can do a good job today, I'll let ya make a lotta money for me. Ya got all night to show me your skills and how ya handle dick. Ok, baby?" 

I looked him in his eyes and responded, "Ok, Daddy. Thank you for giving me this chance. I want to do something I think you'll like. 

I then got up and went to my duffle bag. I took out the two rubber cock rings and the vibrating egg. 

"What is all that for?" Vinny asked.

"You'll see. Trust me. I'm gonna make it feel real good for you," I responded as if I was still his hoe trying to work for him as my pimp. 

As I walked back, my nylon covered foot slipped on the floor but I regained my composure. Vinny was still standing but I got down on my knees and had him turn around to face me. His huge cock was sticking straight out with those balls still hanging low. My plan was to put one of the cock rings around the top of his balls, holding the vibrating bullet and one around his cock but the one cock ring would not hold it up. I had to end up using both cock rings around his nuts to hold up the vibrator. 

Once it was securely in place up under his hanging nuts, I was able to concentrate on Vinny's massive dick. I started sucking it and waiting for the right time to turn on the vibrator. Vinny loved to have his nuts smacked while he came so I thought this would really rock his world. 

"Ummm!" I hummed as I blew Vinny along with my slurping and sucking noises that filled the air. I was also jerking that huge pole while I sucked. My mouth was so wide open trying to take his girth that I had saliva running down the sides of it.

"Does it feel good?" I asked when I pulled off, looked him in the eye once again and wiped the corners of my mouth.

"Uh huh. Baby, ya suck good dick. I decided I'm goin to nut in your mouth to see how ya handle the cum. If you're gonna to be one of my hoes, I need to see how good ya take the gravy."

I went back to sucking and jerking while Vinny stood there with his legs spread. My white hand with silver fingernails contrasted round his dark black dick. He was moaning and giving me an occasional sigh. That is when I decided to turn on the vibrator. As the buzzing started up under his nuts, his legs began to shake and he was shuddering in his deep voice, "Ooooohhhh!"

You could hear my mouth slurp, slurp, slurp while the muffled buzzing continued on Vinny's huge, low hanging nuts and him grunting and groaning. It was truly as scene out of a porn movie. 

As Vinny put both hands on my head, he warned with one last mighty, deep warning, "Yea, like that! Just like that! Fuuuck! Hold on tight baby! Here it cuuummmms!

His hips started quivering and I prepared myself. I then put my opposite hand on top of the buzzing vibrator and around his thick skin between his balls and cock and tugged it like I was milking a cow utter. With his legs spread and both of his huge hands holding my head steady, Vinny bellowed out a huge grunt then added a huge thrust with his hips when the first spurt rifled out of his cock and sprayed my tonsils like a fire extinguisher putting out a grease fire. He held my head steady, grunted out again, as the second shot soon followed, then another and another, and I lost count after that. The muffled buzzing continued when Vinny's shooting cock finally came to a halt and just oozed out its last contents. 

I pulled my lipstick covered lips off Vinny's satisfied dick, nice and slow so not to lose that huge load he had given me. I tilted my head back and swirled my tongue around and couldn't believe how much cum he had deposited. It was so thick that if felt like glue and was so pungent that it I could smell it through my nasal cavity. I swallowed and have to admit I winced as it went down. It had a strong, bitter, salty taste. 

I turned off the vibrator. Vinny stood there shaking his head and regaining his normal breathing when he sighed and pointed to my cheek, "Whew, God damn! That was sick! I mother fuckin needed that. Now, that was a nut! I came haaaard! We're gonna have to use that thing more often. Ya gotta little bit right there." 

I went into the bathroom to check and fix myself while Vinny put on a pair of shorts and a tank top. He was right, I had a small speck of Vinny's thick cum on my lower cheek in which I wiped off. We broke out the whiskey and started doing shots. We were listening to rap music and kept drinking until we were both feeling really good. A couple of hours had went by and I actually stopped way before Vinny did. He was drunk.

You have to remember, I still had on stockings, skirt, the whole nine yards, looking like a girl when Vinny spoke in his drunken slur, "I'm getting horny again. What do ya say we get these nuts up in your guts?"

I was just as horny when I approved and walked over and knelt in front of him again. I yanked his shorts down and out flopped that huge cock that I had just pleasured a couple of hours ago. I sucked on it a little bit then lifted it up so I could lick his balls. They were still saggy and low hanging. As I stroked his big dick, I licked his balls and I was really wanting to work them over. 

"You care if we go get in your bed?" I asked. "I'm really in the mood to eat your balls. Can we go?"

"Let's do it!" Vinny agreed as he shed his shorts and tank. 

He crawled up into his bed, turned over on his back, spread his legs, and sprawled out. This muscular black Adonis was ready for me to gratify his huge genitals once again. I crawled up on my knees, with my nylon clad feet sticking up overtop me so to give Vinny a great view of them. His cock was already about half hard as I bypassed it and moved up to his chest to suck his nipples. His nipples were hard and stuck out from his huge pecks and I licked around the areola before I went in to nibble and suck on each one. Vinny was moaning as he put his hand on the back of my head to hold it still like a woman breast feeding an infant. I probably licked another 5 minutes on each nipple before I had to have his balls.

I shifted my body to lay flat on my stomach between Vinny's spread legs when I directed him, "Put your knees up."

Vinny did put his knees up but his sagging balls hung down and were still touching the bed. I slid my nose and mouth up under them to get the full effect. I could smell Vinny's scent on his ribbed bag and it turned me on more. I would take my tongue and lift up his sac between his balls then gum the loose skin. I reached up and stroked his now hard cock while I did it. I would also kiss and suck his balls. Vinny has large balls but I was able to put one whole ball in my mouth and gently suck it before I would switch over and put the entire other ball in my mouth. I would dig my face completely between his nuts, kiss and then start the routine over again. 

While Vinny was groaning from my oral skills on his balls he lifted his legs up higher, grabbed his knees, and ordered, "Now get down there and lick my ass. Go on now! Eat that ass like you ate them nuts!" 

Just as I was about the run my tongue down, he added while he sniffed to show me, "Wait! I want you to sniff my ass first. Sniff it! Take it all in!"

I was sniffing the aroma of his ass and it smelled like a cross between soap and his ass musk. He pulled his ass cheeks apart further to expose his asshole even further. I remember thinking it was really manly and erotic when all of a sudden, Vinny grabbed the back of my head and forced my face deep into his ass. 

"Get in there! I want ya to wear my ass like a Halloween mask," Vinny slurred.

With my face completely buried in Vinny's ass for several seconds, I had trouble breathing, so I had to tap his hand to let me up. He released the back of my head and when I pulled out, I gasped for a couple of breaths before I prepared to go back in. I then slid my hands underneath his ass cheeks and dug my face back in his butt so I could properly rim him. Here I was laying on my stomach, enthusiastically eating Vinny's ass out. I licked and tongued his asshole so well, it caused him to twitch when I hit those anus nerves. I bet I had my tongue at least three inches inside his hole as I munched. 

"Damn baby. Ya don't play. Ya tossin my salad like ya mean it. You all up in there!" Vinny mumbled his compliment clearly in pleasure.

"Ummmm," I would moan before you could hear the smacking of my kisses directly on his asshole when I cooed, "You taste so good. I just want to eat it all night"

Vinny then ordered, "I wish ya could baby but I think it's time to get up here and concentrate on this dick. Ya got me hard as a fuckin rock again."

I got up to my knees and he was exactly right. There stood that 12 inch, thick cock, hard and proud. I had a great idea and walked into the living room to get the rubber cock ring that was still laying on the floor and grabbed the lube from my bag. I came back and stretched it to fit around Vinny's cock. I put it on the base of his cock. The cock ring was made for normal a normal sized penis so when it snapped into place, it looked to the point of cutting off his circulation. His already huge cock swelled even tighter and the pinkish head was now turning bluish purple while it made the vein on the side and the one on the top protrude even bigger. 

As I squeezed on the extremely tight erection, I gritted my teeth and commented in amazement, "Look at that. That thing is fucking huge! Does that hurt?" 

"Naw, but it needs your attention. I think it's time for ya to get up here and sit on it," Vinny responded as you could tell he was getting hornier. 

I was just about to take off Cherise's skirt and get undressed when Vinny snapped, "Naw. Stay dressed. I want ya to look like my hoe. Just take them panties off but keep everything else on. Ya can just pull the skirt up."

I pulled the panties down and off while tossing them on the floor beside the bed. I pulled the skirt up to my waist to follow Vinny's request. My own cock was rock hard and sticking up. 

Just seeing the massive cock sticking up made me nervous as I always am. Unsure of the durability, I took the lube and slathered a huge amount all over his swollen cock. I ran my hand up and down to make sure it was spread evenly and left an extra amount on the head for entry. Vinny was lying on his back as I stood overtop him and straddled his waist. I reached back and took the excess lube that was on my fingers and smeared it around my asshole, even sticking a few fingers inside just to make sure. With the nylons on, it was hard to get good traction on the slick sheets but I managed to dig in, squat down, take hold of his mighty cock and put it up against my anus. I nervously sat down on the lube covered apples-sized head until it pierced my hole and it felt like it split me open. With the tight cock ring choking off the circulation, there was no give to the skin which caused the spongy head to feel more like an actual apple than a cock head. 
