 That next Saturday, Vinny' girlfriend, Cherise, still hadn't returned from Cancun. The doorbell rings and when I answer, I see him and another large black man, standing to his side. They were dressed in shorts and tanks. When I opened the door, Vinny and his friend stepped inside.

"Whassup Mark? This is my home boy, Brian. We all call him Buster." Vinny greeted me as we fist bumped. 

Vinny headed to straight to the bathroom while his friend and I became acquainted. Buster was rough looking. He was a light skinned black guy with tattoos everywhere including two full sleeves. He was all bulked up and wore a dew rag on his head. Buster stood about 6'4, weighed at least 250 pounds and was intimidating to say the least, just like Vinny. 

Buster spoke in his deep voice like we were buds, "I just got out of the joint. Did two years for trafficking. Vinny and me go way back. He picked me up not an hour ago and the first mutha fuckin thing he wanted to do was shoot hoops. I wanted to get some pussy cause I ain't crushed in 2 years."

I didn't know how to respond. I mainly just listened.

He continued, "Now, don't believe them movies where it looks like guys are fuckin in prison all the time. You don't get the opportunities. I prolly fucked, at the most, 5 times. Shit, the last two weeks, I was in protective custody with cameras in the room so I ain't so much as nutted in...like...forever. I ain't gonna lie, I'm about to bust." 

Once again, I just listened when Buster smiled, "I kept trippin about gettin some and Vinny tells me about the legend and he wanted me to meet ya."

Vinny only showed up unannounced when he wanted sex. I knew they stopped by so I could service their cocks. It was very obvious as I had taken care of Vinny many times over. I didn't mind but I was curious if they wanted me to do it right then and there.  

"What do you mean the legend?" I asked Buster.

"Vinny says you're the best, bar none. He's gotten more head from bitches and he still says you're the king. I used to shower with the dude when I was senior and he was a freshman in high school. Even younger than all of us, he still had the biggest dick on the team, so I know if ya handle that as good as he say you do, then I'm all in," Buster added excitedly. 

"I don't know about being a legend, but I do ok. You do have that right, he is the biggest I have ever had," I laughed referring to his monstrous 12 inch, circumcised manhood. 

Vinny came walking out tying the string to his shorts, "Buster, don't listen to him. He does way better than ok. I'm tellin ya, Cherise don't even come close. I'll take Mark any day. That dude can suck a dick. I ain't playin."

"He'll have you shakin and convulsin in your chair while you're blowin your nut and he is as calm as anything just suckin away. No shit," Vinny continued as he cocked his head back, opened his mouth and started shaking to simulate what he does when he cums in my mouth. He then smiled and added, "Are you ready for this? He swallows the gravy, man. Every, fuckin, drop. No shit!" 

"Damn, let's get down right now. Don't fuckin play with me like that. You know I been locked up for two years," responded a desperate Buster. 

"We are already late. Let's hoop for a little while and Mark can go with us. You'll be alright. I promise, it'll be worth it. Mark, you down?" Vinny asked.

I was proud and flattered by not only the compliment he paid me and my skills, but how he entrusted me enough to pleasure a good home town friend of his. I just didn't want to let him down. I agreed to go and watch them play basketball. As the guys went out to the car, I quickly went to the bathroom to grab some lube, just in case. 

They sat in the front as I rode in the back. It was unusually hot that day and this car had no air-conditioning so I was already uncomfortable. We arrived at the basketball court in a rough neighborhood and my comfortability shot up to nervousness. The buildings were mostly abandoned while grass grew up through the cracks in the concrete. Paint was peeling off houses and the surroundings needed updated in the worst way. Right there in the middle of the projects, guys were running up and down the court playing basketball. I was the only white person there. I sat down on a bench, next to a very attractive black girl who was obviously watching one of the guys playing. 

While many of guys playing basketball were really good, Vinny and Buster were not. Both of them are bigger, muscular guys and were built to play football, not basketball. The only problem was they thought they were better than what they were and I sure wasn't going to tell them. One would clang up a shot while the other one would shoot an air ball. I will admit, they both could rebound. 

Everyone had their shirts off and just glistening with sweat from the heat. The game ended and Buster's team lost and he was pissed. He kicked the fence, then picked up his shirt and walked toward me. 

"Fuck this. I can't concentrate. I'm playin like shit. I gotta get some relief before I murder someone. Let's go over there," Buster huffed as he pointed toward one of the buildings. 

I sure wasn't going to argue with him as I stayed close by. We walked across the street, down an alley and up some cracked cement steps into one of the old buildings. There was a large lobby with nobody in it and I realized it once was a large corporate building that some small local business and taken over but only needed one of the offices down the hall. However, there was a bathroom off to the left. 

Buster directed me, "Let's go in there. That'll work just fine."

We walk in the bathroom and the only way I can describe it was a shithole. The mirror was gone, the sink was rusted and dripping, both stall doors were missing and the place stunk of stale piss. 

Buster pointed to the back stall and the toilet was rust stained and disgusting, but functional. Buster used one hand and led me by the shoulder inside the stall and I sat down on the toilet. Between my legs, I could see the water and that is when I spotted the used condom on the floor, next to the wall. Then I saw another one on the toilet paper holder. It was slimy and disgusting and I knew that bathroom was used for the same thing Buster and I were about to do. 

Buster had on a pair of long basketball shorts that were tied in the front. He was drenched in sweat and trying to untie the knotted string. He couldn't get it and became impatient, bouncing up and down like a kid at Christmas. He wanted them off so I could immediately get started on his horny dick. 

"Here, let me do it," I whispered. 

Buster stepped forward and I fiddled with the string until I had gotten it untied while he continued bouncing. I tugged his sweaty shorts down, exposing his semi hard cock trapped inside a soaked, speedo style brief. They were white and because the material was wet, it was almost clear, showing off his bundled junk like breasts at a wet t-shirt contest. When I slid the sticky underwear down to his knees, the pungent smell of his sweat and crotch "punched me in the face." 

Buster's fat cock was already semi-hard. It was uncircumcised with this huge lump protruding from the side of his head, covered by the foreskin. He also had a tattoo of a cobra on his dick! The picture of the snake showed it coiled at the base with the body running straight up the shaft and an open mouth displaying its forked tongue by Buster's head. 

"Ya like that tat, don't ya? That's my spittin cobra. He's gonna be spittin for you real soon," informed Buster with sweat dripping off the end of his nose. 

I didn't know what to think and then when I pulled the foreskin back, exposing his mushroom head, to my surprise once again when I revealed the protruding lump, it was none other than a circular metal hoop pierced through the rim of his penis head. 

"Doesn't that hurt?" I asked referring to the piercing.

"Naw, it's sensitive and feels damn good when I'm fucking and it's on there, solid as a rock," responded Buster as he flicked the quarter sized ring causing it to flop forward, then snap back quickly. "Go on now, show me what ya got," he requested eager for me to suck it. 

I wrapped my lips around that sweaty, hairy cock and began to suck. The sweat and precum caused it to taste very salty. It was different feeling the steel jewelry drag along the inside of my cheek while I bobbed my head back and forth on his tattoo covered manhood. As Buster's cock became fully erect, it was very thick and about 8 inches long. When it came to length, he wasn't near Vinny's league but he wasn't far off in girth. From all the basketball playing, his cock felt as warm as a furnace in my mouth. I fondled his equally warm sweaty balls as I sucked his dick and Buster was loving every second of the head he was finally receiving. 

"God damn. That is the shit! Suck that dick, man. Vin wasn't lyin. You are the legend...Oh, fuck...you gonna make me cum quick," groaned Buster while enjoying his blowjob. 

His cock was so fat that I struggled a little with saliva control. My slurping and sucking sounds were very loud as drool occasionally dripped from the corners of my mouth. I'm sitting on this disgusting toilet in a disgusting bathroom with used condoms laying around, sucking this tatted up, sweaty, no shirt wearing, ex-con with a pierced and tatted cock, in a rundown building located in a dangerous neighborhood. I believe it didn't get any sleazier than at that moment. 

Buster was still enjoying himself, "Ah, fuck yea. Just like that. Ah yea. Ah yea. Keep goin. Don't stop man. I'm gettin close." 

I could hear Vinny's voice from outside the bathroom in the lobby of the building yelling our names.

"What Goddammit?! We're in here!" Buster yelled which echoed throughout the bathroom and even startled me. 

"I wandered where you was. Is Mark in there with ya?" Vinny asked.

"Yea he is, mutha fucker. He can't talk right now, he's gotta mouth full of dick. Go on and get outta here, give me a minute. Let me get my nut. I'll be droppin those babies off soon," Buster uttered, referring to his sperm. 

Vinny chuckled, "If it's been as long as you say it has, then you'll be given him about a billion of em. I'll wait outside the door for ya to make sure nobody comes in."

"More like a trillion," Buster mumbled as he corrected him. 

When Vinny had walked in, I had stopped sucking and just held Buster's fat dong in my mouth, listening to the banter. As Vinny left the bathroom, Buster put one of his large hands against the back of my head and the other one under my chin as though he was trying to line up my mouth for his fuck hole.

Buster pulled my head toward him and slightly thrusting his hips, signifying to start sucking again while mumbling, "Fuckin Vin interrupting my blowjob, just as I was bout to nut. Sorry about that. You can get goin again. I need ya to finish this dick off so I can concentrate on hoopin." 

I started sucking his cock like I was doing previously before Vinny interrupted. Once again the room echoed of my slurping sounds. I was a little apprehensive to deepthroat his cock because I was afraid of getting choked on the piece of jewelry if it came loose but after a while I didn't think about it and I was gagging and swallowing the entire shaft to his pubic hair. I also didn't care that his pubic hairs emitted a cod smell from all the sweating. Buster started groaning louder and eventually lifted his hands from my chin and head, placing them on top of the stall side wall dividers. I sucked for at least 10 minutes. 

I looked up to see Buster gritting his teeth while warning me through them, "Oh fuck. It's comin. Get ready. Fuck! Here it comes!"

His balls tightened and his throbbing black cock erupting its thick, clumpy spunk in the back of my throat like someone had flung pudding with a spoon!

"Augh fuck! YEA! OH, fuckin eat it! Eat that shit!" Buster's growling echo could be heard on the next floor.

He snorted and grunted throughout his orgasmic pleasure, holding on to the wall dividers to keep from falling down. He shuffled and moved back and forth. Finally, his exploding cock had emptied those backed up balls into my mouth. Because of his girth, I wasn't able to swallow the cum with his dick still in my mouth. 

Just as I was about to pull my mouth off, Buster abruptly stopped me by grabbing the back of my head, "No, no, no. Stay down on it. Stay there. Don't move!"

I didn't know if he was just finishing or he had a sensitive head but I didn't move. 

Buster started laughing in relief, "Ha, ha! Now ya can get off it. Whew! Wowww. That was sick! I needed that shit!"

I pulled off real slowly, felt the thick slime in my mouth before a large gulp transferred the sperm to my stomach. Wincing the after taste, Buster was pulling up his wet shorts. 

Buster held his now softening saliva covered cock and swayed it back and forth while bragging, "I told ya dude. I didn't ink a spittin cobra on it for nothin. You just found that out." 

"Vin, ya still out there?! You're up!" Buster yelled as he took his shirt that was has hanging over the stall and slung it around his neck. 

My jaw was stiff and I knew handling Vinny's monster 12 inch dick would not be an easy chore. Vinny quickly replaced Buster in the bathroom stall doorway. He dropped his shorts and underwear, revealing that huge black snake hanging in front of him. Unlike Buster who kept his shorts and underwear scrunched around his ankles, Vinny hung his on the stall wall. Vinny was only wearing his socks and tennis shoes and nothing else. 

"Trade me places. Let me sit down there," requested Vinny.

Vinny isn't as tall as Buster but was his muscular body was bigger and definitely more cut. When Vinny and I squeezed by each other, his huge peck sweat wiped on my shirt. Vinny plopped down on the toilet, playing with his hog trying to get it hard. 

I looked down at the grimy floor and Vinny shook his head, "Sorry, man. You're gonna have to get them knees dirty." 

Once I was in place on my knees, I lifted Vinny's majestic black tool, to start on his balls. His crotch smelled as equally funky as Buster's but Vinny's aroma was more of sweat and lotion mixed. I started on his sac by licking in-between the balls. They were the size of tennis balls, loose and hanging well under the toilet seat. They were bitter and salty from the perspiration but I licked and sucked them as I stroked that dong to life. I eventually ran my tongue up his shaft feeling the warmth as I moved upward. 

When Vinny's cock gets completely hard, it is such a sight to behold. It is a little over a foot long and so big around, I can only get my hand about half way around it. I put my lips around the head and began my sucking and jerking as I had done many times before. As it started feeling good, Vinny leaned back against the wall, spread and straightened his legs as if to relax, giving me total access and let me do my thing. 

"Uh...uh...yea...suck it...yea just like that...um...um...um," Vinny mumbled while I was blowing him. 

His dick was so big that when I sucked it, I would periodically have to stop and lick the big bulging veins that ran along the top and sides of it, just to give my mouth a break. I lifted myself higher on my knees so I could jerk his dick with both hands. I let the saliva ooze out of my mouth to fully lubricate the massive meat. 

Through the slurping, popping, sucking, squishing, and smacking sounds of me sucking Vinny off, I would also moan my approval of the taste, "Mmmmmm." 

"There ya go. That's good right there. That shit feels good. Ya gonna make me cum quick," groaned Vinny. 

I pulled off to give myself a break and kept stroking it with both hands when I smiled, then asked, "It's so big. You like my warm mouth all over it, don't ya? Your big dick taste so good. Are you gonna give me that huge load like you do?" 

As I prepared myself to start sucking again, Vinny, without warning, tensed up, then bellowed, "Aughh fuck!"

Catching me by surprise, a shot of cum launched out and went up my nostril. Then an even larger spurt gushed out and ran down the side of his cock, collecting between my thumb and finger. Quickly regrouping, I was able to wrap my lips around the head to catch the remaining eruption. Vinny horse dick shot a half a dozen more times before it calmed down. His load was everywhere. 

I took my mouth off his head, swallowed the sticky load that was in my mouth before lunging downward to slurp the slime off my hand. I also puckered my lips and sucked the jizz running down his cock like I was drinking out of a straw. Of course with a wad of sperm going up my nose, I could smell the pungent aroma of cum. It was dripping off my upper lip when I used my hands to clean it up the best I could without using a mirror. I licked my fingers clean like I had just eaten a piece of chicken. 

Vinny sat there enjoying his post orgasm come down while allowing me to clean him up. When I had finished, I gave my entire mouth one last wipe with the palm of my hand. 

"Wow, we almost made a mess," I chuckled.

"Yea but we didn't. The human vacuum to the rescue. That's why you're the legend," Vinny laughed. 

I stood up with my knees red and sore, not to mention dirty from the grime. Vinny also stood up and started putting on his underwear and shorts with his huge black dick swinging. As I walked out of the stall, there stood Buster again. 

"Aren't you going back and playing basketball again?" I asked him. 

"Naw, I think I want another one," Buster said.

Vinny stepped out, adjusting his shorts and asked, "Another what?" 

"Another nut! I been locked up for 745 days without pussy. Hell, we're here aren't we? I'm want some of that ass ya been talkin about," huffed Buster. 

"Go ahead. I'm gonna get in the next game. You're on your own," replied Vinny as he slid out the door.

I chuckled, "Haven't you had enough?"

"Not yet. I need to get me some of that ass!" Buster answered as he put his thumbs in his waistband. 

I had spent close to an hour in that piss smelling toilet stall and now I was going to go back in there. Buster pulled off his shorts and briefs and put them on the sink. I pulled out the bottle of lube from of my pocket then put my shorts on top of his. Now it was Buster's turn to be completely naked except for his socks and tennis shoes. Buster sat down on the same toilet as Vinny and began to play with himself to erection. Again, when I saw the hoop pierced through the head of his cock, I was slightly nervous about it going in my asshole. 

"Sit down and ride this fucker," Buster ordered referring to his now hard dick. 

I squirted the lubrication all around his cock and stroked it to smear it evenly. I turned away from Buster, and squatted like a girl about to pee. I took hold of the base and sat down until the head stretched my sphincter and penetrated me. It hurt but I just sat down on it and held still to allow the pain to subside. Buster's fat dick had me stretched out completely and I was breathing heavily trying to get acclimated to it. 

"Let's go. Ride it. Ride that mutha fucker," the impatient Buster commanded. 

I put my hands on his knees and slowly started my accent before sitting back down and impaling myself with every inch. I repeated until the sloshing sound from the lubricated friction got louder and faster. After increasing my pace, I was fucking his cock with a steady rhythm.

I turned and grunted, "You like that? Does it feel good? Is it tight enough for ya?"

"Ohhhhh yea! Oh yea. Do it, baby. Bounce up and down on that pipe. You like gettin freaky on that dick, don't ya?" Buster asked.

My own cock was so hard and leaking. The filthiness of it all just turned me on to no end, not to mention Buster's fat 8 inches were perfectly massaging my prostate. I started bouncing harder. I reached down and jerked myself.
