 Summary: Straight guard learns of black inmate's power over all. 

Note 1: This is dedicated to the real Ken who retold this surprisingly largely true story. 

Note 2: Thanks to Tex Beethoven, thor_ph, Robert, and Wayne for editing. 

Prologue: 

I'm the prison guard and Kareem Mwangi is the prisoner, so you would have thought I had the upper hand, and until a few weeks ago you would have been right. But here I am in the prison's conjugal visit trailer watching him fuck my wife. Instead of sitting in the next room watching the action on a monitor like a guard would normally do (for safety reasons, not to mention the guard is probably beating himself off), I'm sitting in a chair three feet from the bed. Instead of wearing my uniform I'm naked except for the butt plug Kareem had insisted I wear all day today, and for the first time since puberty, I'm completely hairless below the neck. I can only look back at all the opportunities I missed not to allow my wife to become, in Kareem's words, 'a white nigger cum queen'... yet, as all my so-called 'upper hand' is doing is stroking my cock while I admire his beautiful black snake slamming into my wife as she screams and babbles deliriously like every other white slut who comes to fuck him, all I can feel inside is jealousy that his delicious chocolate stick is ploughing my wife's cunt and not my mouth or ass. I hope he keeps his promise to allow me to swallow his load after lights out tonight, now that I've brought my wife to him for the second time... he never allows the guards to watch when they bring him their wives for the first time... for a week and a half now her body as bald as mine for the first time since she was a little girl. Just like a week ago this afternoon, when she arrived, at his insistence she was wearing nothing but a summer dress, silk stockings and shoes; she's still wearing the stockings. Ever since last Friday we've done little together except watch the video they made of Kareem banging her through four orgasms as she babbled her appreciation before he finally came all over her face. Then of course her new (and first ever) girlfriend came into the room and after Kareem left, they were all over each other while her husband, another guard, captured it all on the video. 

Today, one look at that massive black dick and my wife was again hooked... just as I was. And once we'd entered this room and she caught sight of Kareem's naked body again, I might as well have been her taxi driver for all the attention she gave me. 

Now just to clarify, no one who saw me would think submissive black cock sucker. I'm six feet tall, a muscular 200 pounds, and not a guy to fuck with. And until my wife discovered the reality that black men are often well hung, my thick, six-inch cock had always been enough for her to get off on... or so she'd always told me. Untruthfully, my wife had always stressed I was the perfect size... not too big and not too small. It was only after last week's marathon with Kareem had she confessed I'd never gotten her off from fucking her at all... just when I gave her head. Fortunately after today's marathon fuck-fest we'll have another tape to get each other off with. 

How did it happen? How did a burly white prison guard become a two-hole fuck toy for a black convict and who stands in line to offer his beautiful wife to him for conjugal visits? 

Well... here is my embarrassing, humiliating, life-changing and yet shockingly true story of how one look at a naked black man and his massive black cock forever changed me and my family. 

1. A SHOCKING REVELATION 

When I first heard of the trailer addition to the prison I was furious. 

A few states permit conjugal visits and the prisoner has to be married (just for a start) before his application to schedule one is approved. The prisoner requests a block of time and the Warden has final approval, but giving prisoners any sort of privileges is something I had always been dead set against. 

Truth be told, the Warden often refused the requests as the rules were quite strict: 

They were only granted to non-violent inmates, which greatly limited the prisoners approved to use it... you had to have at least six months of perfect behaviour... and as already mentioned, you had to be married. 

I felt this was a massive waste of taxpayers' dollars as not only did the new double-wide need to be installed and furnished, but it also had to be staffed and monitored. 

I couldn't imagine our taxpayers being in support of paying for prisoners to fuck on camera; even if the camera was (allegedly) only used to ensure the wife's safety. 

If they needed to fuck someone they could fuck any of the faggots in the prison or any of the weak men who became bottoms pretty quickly... something we turned blind eyes to as this, like all prisons, had a hierarchy and the system worked better if it ran smoothly and the top dogs got a fuck boy or two. 

But this was ridiculous... prison was becoming a resort in my opinion... I mean the old me had liked the old days when the only perks were decades-old books and the Bible. Okay, and a weight room so Burt Reynolds could make his football movies. 

I didn't see the trailer for the first couple of months after it was in place, but I'd heard it was appointed with a queen sized bed, mini fridge, clean sheets, private bathroom, a television with a blu ray player and videos (porn and chick flicks)... and prisoners could request up to twenty-four-hour blocks, although three-hour blocks were most common. 

Anyway, a couple months after the new trailer's installation, I began noticing a few strange things. 

1. Kareem, a well-muscled don't-fuck-with-me black man, had gotten his cell moved to the exclusive corner spot... the only cell that had some vague privacy... which was shocking because the history of this cell was it always went to someone serving his last three months (Kareem still had three years) and it only went to someone who had perfect behaviour (he didn't). Also, no one had ever before been ejected from the cell to give it to another inmate (George was kicked out of it three weeks before his release). 

No one knew why this had happened, it made no sense, but you don't question the warden... ever. Guards joked that Kareem must have had some major pull to get the sweet spot. 

2. Kareem was given unsupervised free time which was unheard of for convicted rapists. 

3. Kareem wasn't married. 

4. Even though Kareem was 0-3 for the rules to even be allowed to apply for trailer time, he was frequently approved. I asked Dele, a buddy of mine who worked trailer duty, how Kareem got time and he acted sheepish and stammered he didn't know... which was weird and made it obvious he did know... and wasn't telling me why. Out of fear? Had he been compromised in some fashion? 

This all combined with the strangest item of them all... when I overheard a conversation between Kareem and another black inmate, Jamal. 

Kareem confidently stated to Jamal, "Oh I'll have all their wives before the year is over." 

Jamal called the obvious, "Bullshit." 

Kareem laughed, but responded with a swagger, "Dude, all white men are secret submissive nigger cock suckers and bottoms, and the screws are no different." 

I couldn't believe he'd said that. He was bragging that he was fucking guards' wives and implying he maybe had guards sucking him off or even taking it in the ass. The idea was ludicrous. 

"I know," Jamal said, one of the men who all guards knew had a few queens to fuck whenever he wanted... and I suddenly realized all but one were white. 

"And white women, once they get a look at what we're concealing, want to holster that weapon for us," Kareem said confidently. The idea of my wife wanting a guy because he had a big cock was silly. She'd always made it clear I was all she wanted or could handle. Plus, Kareem was in prison for raping the mother of a girl he was fucking... so the whole theory seemed flawed from the get go. 

"White chicks love black dicks," Jamal eloquently rhymed. 

"That should be a bumper sticker," Kareem laughed loudly, the only way he ever did. He then noticed me in his peripheral and nodded, "Guard." 

"Don't you guys have someplace to be?" I asked sternly, assuming my guard persona. 

Kareem looked down at my crotch, which I realized was hard (I had no idea why), before he nodded, with a smirk, "I suppose I do. I have a white honey waiting for some of this," he answered, cupping his dick. 

"Give her an extra poke for me," Jamal said. 

"Will do," Kareem nodded, as they did their black guy handshake thang which was always convoluted nonsense... before he walked by me with a smug look on his face. 

It was a week later before things began coming together... and coming apart. 

Dele asked if I would take an extra shift, one that would be in the conjugal trailer. I figured why not... it was extra money, I was curious about how the trailer worked (until now only four guards had been assigned to it, no more) and the idea of watching real sex through the monitors was pretty interesting. 

I arrived for my extra shift that evening and Carter, another guard, said, after some small talk, "Enjoy the show." 

I laughed, as I joked, "I imagine it'll be better than porn." 

He nodded, and then said ominous words I would later realize were foreshadowing, "You'll never be the same again." 

I had forty minutes of nothing where I did what I often did when I had nothing to do, which was play Clash of Clans. I know you were thinking watch porn, but getting horny at work in a place completely overflowing with testosterone seemed rather counterproductive, and perhaps even dangerous. 

My job was simple. Another guard would bring the prisoner to the trailer. 

I would escort the woman into the trailer, knowing she would have been thoroughly searched by a female prison staffer beforehand. 

As the 4pm booty call was about to happen, I wondered what type of woman could possibly come to a conjugal trailer for sex. Truthfully, I imagined she'd be dumb or ugly or both. 

Man, was I mistaken. 

The prisoner arrived and it was Kareem. I asked my fellow guard how Kareem got visits in violation of the rules and he said he didn't have a clue. He then assumed a Dirty Harry accent and told me I could take it up with the warden if I was "feeling lucky... punk." 

Then the woman arrived. 

She was incredibly beautiful. A small white woman who looked a lot like Danica Patrick. She had long brunette hair, blue eyes and that bitchy determined look as well. I loved that Danica acted tough and yet still looked beautiful, competing and often winning in a mostly male-dominated sport. 

She was dressed nicely in a white blouse and a rather short black skirt and black nylons which had my cock hard since they were my fetish. There is nothing hotter than a woman in sheer nylons. 

Quite frankly, she looked like she was his lawyer and not his fuck buddy... I knew she wasn't his wife since he wasn't married. She'd even arrived with a briefcase. 

She didn't say a word as she signed in, although I did notice with some interest she was wearing a wedding ring. She then walked directly into the room... this obviously wasn't her first time here. 

I wanted to say have fun, but didn't. 

My job was simple. To make sure she didn't smuggle in anything even though she'd been searched, and to make sure the inmate didn't endanger the visitor in any way. Or I suppose vice versa, but there seemed little chance of that ever happening. 

So in essence I was being paid by the taxpayers to watch people have sex...clearly our laws, supposedly harsh on crime, needed some work. 

There were four cameras in the room and audio so I could hear everything. 

The first words out of Kareem's mouth shocked me. "Get sucking, slut." 

I couldn't believe he would treat her that way, yet after thinking about it and knowing the disrespect he had for everyone, it made sense. 

I watched in awe as she dropped in front of him instantly and without a word, pulled down his pants and took his massive flaccid cock in her mouth. 

I'm not sure what shocked me more: 

1. How she obeyed without hesitation, or 

2. The size of his cock. 

I mean I'm a very respectable 6½" and thick, but I was like a little boy compared to Kareem. He was bigger than I was hard while he was still flaccid. 

This woman, Janna, according to the sign in, was 5'2" and barely over a hundred pounds. That cock would tear her in two. Yet, this prim and proper looking woman, her hair in a ponytail, was stroking the monster cock, her hand not even able to wrap completely around it, as she got it hard with her mouth. 

It was, without a doubt, the hottest thing I'd ever seen... and I watch a lot of porn. 

The cock grew and grew and I wasn't sure it was ever going to stop... although I was only watching through cameras, it was definitely 10 inches long... I would later learn when I saw it up close and personal it was slightly longer than 10 inches.  

Once it was hard, he ordered, "Now let's see if you've been practicing like I ordered you to." 

I wondered what he had ordered her to do, but I concluded pretty quickly it was obviously about improving her skills for sucking his cock. 

His cock now completely erect (as was mine), she began bobbing. And unlike most blow jobs that started slow as the woman got used to a cock in her mouth, this hot woman really went to town, trying to deep throat that massive monster right from the get-go. 

Then after she somehow managed to get eight inches of it in her mouth, give or take, he grabbed her ponytail and said, "You have been practicing, bitch. Now let's see if you've been practicing your gag reflex." 

He then grabbed her by both sides of her head and skull fucked her. The slobber sounds were clear, she almost gagged a couple of times, but she somehow took his entire cock in her mouth and more than half of it down her throat. 

After four or five rough face fucks, he stopped, his cock resting deep in her mouth. He instructed, as if he were teaching her how to perfectly suck such a huge dick, "That's it, breathe through your nose, slut." 

Like I said, I had never supervised the trailer before, so I was completely mesmerized by the scene. I mean I had only ever seen women being treated like such sluts in porn. My own real-life experiences had never come close to porn. No girl ever willingly begged for a facial, no girl ever demanded I slam it in her ass and no girl ever allowed me to face fuck her. 

He held his cock tickling her tonsils for what seemed like forever before he pulled out with a strand of saliva draping from her lips to his thick cock head. 

"Now show me how much you love my black cock over your husband's tiny whitey," he ordered. 

My eyes went wide. 

She obeyed as she bobbed like a porn star slut, taking more and more of his massive cock in her mouth with each forward bob. 

"Oh yeah," he groaned. "You're such a dirty fucking white slut." 

She moaned as her left hand went under her skirt which was now hiked up enough to see she was wearing thigh high stockings. Delicious! 

"Did I give you permission to touch that cunt?" he objected rudely, pulling his cock out of her mouth and slapping her cheek with it. 

"N-n-no," the pretty woman stammered. 

"Who owns that cunt of yours?" he asked, continuing to slap his cock on her lips. Lips she kept open, ready for him to shove his cock back into her eager mouth. 

"You do," she responded without hesitation. 

"Then let's see my white slut's cunt," he ordered, as he pulled her to her feet. 

She was obviously nervous, which seemed weird considering what she had just been doing, but she lifted up her skirt. 

"Fucking panties!" he roared. "Do nigger loving white sluts wear fucking panties?" 

"S-s-sorry," she stammered, even as she quickly pulled them down and off. "I came directly from work." 

"Do I look like I have time for fucking excuses?" he questioned, clearly annoyed. 

"No sir, sorry sir," the submissive woman apologized. 

"Now let's see this cunt I own," he said. 

She obediently lifted her skirt up, although I couldn't see it from the camera I was watching, so I switched cameras. 

I was staring at a shaved snatch as was Kareem who approved, "Good girl, and may I assume you have now made it clear to your cock sucking husband that your cunt is owned by me?" 

"Yes, sir, I told him that," she replied, not fazed by the expectation or the knowledge her husband was apparently a cock sucker. Who was her husband? 

"And what did he say?" 

"Yes, Mistress, Master knows what is best," Janna quoted. 

"He is a very good cock sucker, maybe even better than you," he said, which had me baffled. Did we allow men to visit men in here? After what I was witnessing, I supposed anything was possible. 

I knew Kareem had a couple of white inmates he fucked, including a guy who'd thought he was tough when he entered, but quickly learned his new purpose in life was to be a bottom for a few of the black inmates... but this was something different. 

"Well," she said, lowering herself back down to the floor, "I guess I'd better keep practicing." 

Kareem let her suck for a couple of minutes before he pulled out and ordered, "Get your clothes off." 

She stood back up and removed her skirt and blouse. 

"Bra too," he ordered. "Let's take a look at those small white titties of yours." 

She again obeyed, although her tits were not really small, they looked pretty average, I would learn she was a 34B when she was made to leave her bra and panties behind. 

"We need names for your tits and cunt," he said. "What is your mother's name?" 

"Helga," she answered. 

"What a white bitch name," he chuckled, before he went and grabbed a marker that was for some reason on the nightstand. He wrote Helga above her left tit. He then wrote Bertha above her right tit as he said, "Bertha seems to be a good name for your other baby tit." 

"Yes, sir," the clearly mortified woman nodded. 

"And what should we name your white cunt?" he asked, seeming to be really pondering this. 

To my surprise, she offered, "How about Amber? That's a pretty white slut name. And it's also my middle name." 

"I like that," he approved, as he wrote Amber above her shaved snatch, before he buried his face in it and licked. 

"Oh God, yes," she moaned, as he licked her pussy. 

After a minute, he stood up, walked to the bed and laid down and ordered, "Now get over here and ride me." 

I stared at his huge cock standing completely at attention. I couldn't help but be mesmerized by its length, its girth and just its dark majestic beauty. I knew that sounded gay and I definitely wasn't gay, yet I was unable to take my eyes off it. 

She straddled his massive cock and lowered her tiny body onto it. 

I was stunned watching this beautiful woman take that massive cock inside her... the black and white skin contrast way more obvious in such an interwoven situation. 

He grunted and she moaned as she slowly took all ten inches inside her. 

I watched as she became a magician, somehow making ten inches of black cock disappear completely inside her. 

"Now get riding, slut," he ordered. 

And ride she did as she then began, somehow with incredible flexibility, lifting herself up and back down on the massive pogo stick. 

Her moans increased quickly as she sped up her pace, vigorously bouncing on the massive cock. She looked to be in a sexual euphoria I could never instill in my wife. 

Her moans were loud, her actions wicked and her facial expression one of complete lust. And as I switched my monitor from camera to camera I could see it all! 
