 Summary: Straight married man becomes a cocksucker and willing bottom. 

Note 1: This story is dedicated to goamz86 and to making one of his fantasies as real as possible. 

Note 2: Thanks to goamz86, Robert, and Wayne for editing this story. 

Note 3: Although this story is mostly a GAY interracial story, it is really a much deeper story about one man's lengthy journey of sexual self-discovery. Besides being about a man becoming a cocksucker, it's also about the changing relationship in the bedroom with his lovely wife. 

In the first part of this trilogy, Black Cock: 1 Day Changes Everything, Greg catches his friend being ass fucked by an 18-ear-old black boy. Soon he is drawn into the world of sexual gay submission as he is unable to resist the temptation of sucking black cock. Meanwhile, slowly he also becomes more submissive to his suddenly dominant beautiful loving wife who has no idea of his newfound lust for black dick. 

Be warned... this story ended up being WAY longer than I originally anticipated... but I hope it proves a worthwhile effort. 

Black Cock: 10 Inch Cock Training 

MONDAY 

They say once you go black, you don't go back. And although that was meant for women... it seemed to definitely also be true for men, or at least for me and Andy and James. 

Also true, once you have discovered a submissive side to you, one you seriously didn't know you had, there is no going back either... no matter how many times you desperately try to regain your manhood. 

I had submitted to an eighteen year old black guy and his ten inch cock, and ever since, I couldn't stop thinking about it, no matter how hard I tried. 

Simultaneously, the dynamics in the bedroom with my wife had also changed dramatically and it seemed like it would continue to do so, no matter how hard I tried to regain the control I once had. 

The reality was setting in that I would fail to reverse either situation and pay dearly with consequence. 

It was a couple days after I had sucked Malcolm's cock for the second time at a children's park at night, sneaking out on my wife to do it, that he texted me again. 

Cocksucker, 

Meet me at Arnie's at 10:30. 

Last stall. 

I glanced at my watch. 

It was 9:08. I had about an hour left on my current service call and then was supposed to be at my next appointment at 10:30. 

I sighed. 

Both because he expected me to be at his beck and call and also because my mouth instantly watered at the idea of having that big black dick back in my mouth. 

I then recalled last night. 

 

My wife, usually submissive in bed, had made me fuck her to orgasm with a black vibrator she called Big Blackie and then roughly fucked my face as she made me clean up the pussy cum covered toy. 

She even asked, her tone sexy, "You like sucking my vibe, don't you?" 

Truthfully, I wished it was bigger and real, but I answered, enjoying the submission, "Yes." 

"Yes, what?" She asked, before adding, "Be specific." 

I don't know why I answered so specifically, but I responded, "Yes, I love sucking your big black cock, Mistress." 

"Mmmm," she purred, "Mistress, I like that," although thankfully she missed the description of the cock that I was really referring to." 

So drawn into the submission, I repeated, "And I love sucking your big black cock, Mistress." 

I leaned forward, took the black toy back in my mouth and bobbed like an eager cocksucker, imagining it was Malcolm's big cock. 

"Such a good cocksucker," my wife purred, before adding, "now come and fuck your Mistress's cunt." 

Hearing her use the word cunt was still strange, but my cock was rock hard and I eagerly obeyed her demand. 

She lay on her back, spread her legs and I moved in-between them and slid my small cock, so small in comparison to Malcolm, into her hot box. 

"That's it, fuck me with that big dick of yours," she moaned, which either was very sweet because she likely knew I was rather small, or she was completely oblivious to how big a normal cock was. Yet, I knew the latter wasn't true, as she had been pretty promiscuous before we started dating. 

I pounded away, trying to do the best I could with the equipment The Lord gave me. 

"Oh yes, harder, deeper," she moaned, things I wasn't sure I was capable of doing. 

Yet, I tried, fucking her as hard as I could...sweat pouring down my brow. 

"Oh yes, pound your Mistress," she moaned, as my balls boiled. 

"I'm about to cum," I grunted, before immediately shooting my load. 

As soon as I was done, she demanded, "Now clean up my cunt." 

"Yes, Mistress," I nodded, shame and excitement coursing through me. 

I buried my face in her cunt and retrieved the cum that was leaking out of her... which was beginning to be expected after I came in her. 

It was humiliating... It was submissive... It was exhilarating. 

Anyway, I finished my work and drove over to Arnie's, a family restaurant that was close to the school. 

Arriving, I was nervous. What if I knew someone there? 

I texted: 

I can't do this. 

I had just sent it when there was a knock on my window startling me. 

It was Malcolm. 

I reluctantly rolled down the window and he said, "I thought we talked about your obedience?" 

Way stronger when he wasn't in front of me, or beside me in this case, I explained, "It's just such a public place." 

Malcolm shrugged, "First, the owner and I have an agreement. He gets chocolate once in a while and I get to use his bathroom uninterrupted when I desire." 

"Oh," was all I could muster, immediately wondering how Mr. Looper ended up submitting to Malcolm. 

"So we can do this in your van or in the store," Malcolm offered. 

Thinking the back of the van was completely secluded, I suggested, "The van." 

"Cool," he nodded, as he walked in front of the van and to the other side. 

I got out, walked around too, to see he had already entered the side door. 

I looked around, saw no one watching, (why would there be) and went inside also. 

Once I closed the door, Malcolm ordered, "Hurry up, cocksucker." 

He was sitting on a crate, his dick already out. 

Like the last time, every little bit of resistance I had disappeared as his cock beckoned me to it. 

I wanted to be on my knees 

I wanted to have his cock in my mouth. 

I wanted to be his cocksucker. 

I wanted his cum. 

I wordlessly dropped to my knees and then had to shift myself lower as the crate was shorter than a chair. 

It was awkward but soon I had his beautiful, only slightly erect, cock in my mouth. 

I loved the feeling of it growing in my mouth becoming something bigger, thicker, harder and more powerful. 

As odd as it sounds, my whole body warmed as I made his cock grow... of course, my cock grew too. 

"So should you be working right now?" Malcolm asked. 

I nodded, as best I could, while beginning to suck his now fully erect dick. 

"Well, you do have a new volunteering job," he chuckled, before adding, "like a volunteer firefighter, you get to play with a hose." 

Ironically, there was a time when I had wanted to be a firefighter. Although, I never imagined I would be playing with such a hose. 

"Take more, cocksucker," Malcolm ordered, before adding, "Because we will keep your training going until you can take all ten inches in that slut mouth of yours." 

And I obeyed, although still not able to fathom the possibility of taking all ten inches of his cock in my mouth. I bobbed hungrily, attempting to take more and more. 

"That's it cocksucker," he groaned, "could you imagine if your coworkers knew you were a cocksucker?" 

The thought of my coworkers knowing I sucked cock was mortifying. The majority were homophobes (I was a homophobe until I saw Andy popping on Malcolm's cock) and I would be an outcast instantly. 

Malcolm continued, "I bet they would all take turns using your mouth." 

I doubted it, and the idea oddly didn't appeal to me at all. I mean I liked his cock in my mouth, his black cock, but the idea of other men's cocks did nothing for me. 

"Or is it only black cock you crave?" he questioned. 

I didn't answer as I had his cock sliding in and out of my mouth, but the answer was definitely only black cock... although only his black cock. 

"I think you would take any cock in your mouth given the opportunity," he continued, before adding, "maybe even your daughter's boyfriend." 

Before I could respond, he pulled out, grunted and shot his load on my face, even getting some directly in my eye. 

After he finished, he laughed, "I guess I should have warned you, cum in the eye can be rather painful, I'm told." 

I remained on my knees, my left eye closed as I attempted to wipe the cum off it. 

He added, "Now I want that cum on your face while you drive. You can wipe it off once you get to your next job," he ordered. 

"Really?" I asked, my whole face feeling sticky, as I opened my eyes. 

"Take a picture when you get there to show me you obeyed, cocksucker," he said, as he opened the door and walked away before I could say anything else. 

Frustrated at my weakness and my inability to stand up for myself, I slammed my fist on the floor. Realizing I was late, I got out of the van, hurried around to the driver's side and began driving... feeling shame coursing through me. 

At every red light, I felt as if every vehicle could see the cum on my face... see my shame. 

Once I reached my next stop, I decided I wasn't going to take the picture. I wasn't going to have visual evidence sent from my phone that could be used against me. 

Instead, I drove to a nearby gas station, scurried to the washroom and quickly washed my face. As I did, I saw how red my eye was. 

'Fuck', I sighed to myself, I quickly googled 'cum in the eye' on my phone and read that it was usually a temporary reddening of the eye. 

I washed my eye as best I could before heading to my next stop. 

My cell phone buzzed a half dozen times during my next stop, but I ignored them. 

When I got back in my van part way through the lunch hour, I decided to check my messages even though I knew I shouldn't. 

Where's the picture? 

Are you there yet? 

Are you disobeying me, cocksucker? 

I'm very disappointed in you, cocksucker? 

You will be punished for your disobedience! 

You better be at Arnie's by 12:45 or else!! 

I decided, yet again, that I was done with this. The longer I obeyed, the worse I was going to make it. 

I texted Malcolm: 

I can't make it. Caught in traffic. 

He texted back: 

Bullshit. Be here ASAP or I fuck your daughter. I bet she would love ten inches of black cock. I mean like father, like daughter. 

Plus, we both know you fucking crave nigger dick. 

I sighed. 

Frustratingly, I did crave his cock even though I had just sucked it a couple of hours ago. 

Frustratingly, my weakness had put my daughter at risk. 

Frustratingly, I felt myself turn and head towards the expected destination. 

As I reached the location, I saw James, my daughter's boyfriend and another of Malcolm's cocksuckers, walking out of Arnie's. The look of guilt on his face made it clear to me that he had just sucked cock... the guilt was written all over his face. 

This made me wonder. 

Who had he sucked? If Malcolm, why was I there? 

I sighed heavily, before getting out of the work van and walking into the restaurant, even as I adjusted my frustratingly stiff cock. 

Head down, avoiding anyone I may know, and thankful the washroom was at the front of the restaurant, I headed right to the washroom and was very happy when I found it was empty, except for a pair of legs in the last stall. 

I nervously hurried to the stall and closed it. I gasped. It wasn't Malcolm, but a different, chubbier black teenage boy. 

He was smiling at me smugly. 

I stammered, "U-u-uh, wrong stall." 

He laughed loudly, "It's the right stall, cocksucker. Knees, bitch." 

He roughly put his hands on my shoulders and pushed me onto the floor. 

He was a huge boy and I was helpless against him. 

He ordered, "Fish out my cock, faggot. Malcolm says you need practice and punishment." 

I looked up at him and pleaded, "Please, I don't want to do this." 

"I bet you will change your tune once you see my majestic snake," he smirked, his big hands still on my shoulders. He added, "White boys always do. Get it out now!" 

His tone scared me and I obeyed the request, even as I asked, "Are you eighteen?" 

He laughed, "White faggot, wants to know if I'm legal, how cute. But actually I'm nineteen, I just failed algebra a few times." 

As I fished out his fully-erect cock I gasped. It was indeed majestic. It was a little smaller than Malcolm's, but thicker and it seemed, oddly, to be shining. 

As if reading my mind while I stared at his thick dick, he explained, "I had your daughter's boyfriend get it nice and hard for you." 

I gasped. He was expecting me to suck his cock, a cock that James had apparently just sucked, which explained its sheen. 

I asked, "Where is Malcolm?" 

"Probably fucking your daughter," he shrugged. "Now get sucking, unless you want this in your cunt." 

He was so vulgar, yet I believed his implied threat, and prayed he was wrong about my daughter. Hoping to do this quickly and then call my daughter, I leaned forward and took his cock in my mouth, trying to ignore the reality that I was taking James's saliva in my mouth as well. 

"That's it, cocksucker, nice and slow," he groaned. "I expect my white faggots to treat my cock with awe and love." 

The words were ludicrous and yet now on my knees, with his cock in my mouth, I was indeed in awe of it. 

It frustrated me how my mind shifted from determined to submissive in a heartbeat. 

I obeyed, moving slowly, taking more and more of his rock hard cock in my mouth. As I did, I wondered two things: 

1. How much James had taken in his mouth? 

2. Where was Malcolm? I prayed he wasn't with my daughter. 

I wanted to bob fast and get his load and call her, yet I also wanted to enjoy the sensation that was sucking big black cock... which again made me feel ashamed at my utter weakness. 

I really was a cocksucker, I thought to myself as I took almost half his cock in my mouth, his girth widening my mouth unnaturally. 

"Not bad, faggot," he commented, after a couple of minutes, "now start sucking like the cum craving faggot you are." 

Although I hated the derogatory terms from this stranger, I also hated myself for the reality that the name calling turned me on. 

I began bobbing faster, wanting to get his load both for my own hunger but also so I could get out of here. 

Suddenly, the door opened and I froze. 

The stranger slapped my head and ordered, "Keep sucking, faggot," loud enough for whoever just walked in to hear. 

I was mortified; the thought of getting caught sucking cock was utterly terrifying... my marriage and career were at risk. 

Yet, I had no choice but to continue sucking, praying that whoever came in wouldn't notice or stick around. 

"Is that you Jerome?" someone asked. 

"Yeah, it's me," the guy I was sucking responded. 

The guy outside the stall asked, in a deep voice that made me think he was black, "Is that a new cocksucker in there with you or a regular?" 

Jerome, apparently that was the name of the guy whose cock was in my mouth, answered, "A new one. He's one of Malcolm's recruits." 

"Nice," the voice said. "Is he available for anyone?" 

My eyes went wide. I was already mortified to be on my knees with a stranger named Jerome's cock in my mouth, now doubling the possibility of getting caught. I sure didn't want even more strangers seeing me; strangers who may go to my daughter's school, may know her... may even know me. 

"Unfortunately," Jerome replied, "this cocksucker is currently only on a nigger diet." 

"You sure?" the voice said, "I really have a full load ready to erupt." 

"Sorry, man," Jerome responded, "Malcolm has rules. You guys know that." 

"Fine," he said, as I heard zipper sounds. 

"I guess I'll just shoot my load in this twink," the other voice said. 

Pulling his cock out of my mouth, Jerome looked down at me and said, as if he was speaking the gospel, "All white boys and white men are cocksuckers deep down." 

I didn't respond with words, but my action probably only proved his theory as I leaned forward and took his cock back in my mouth. 

He chuckled, "Although not all of them are as eager as you are." 

I hated that he thought I was eager. 

I hated even more that he was right. 

Once I saw his big black cock I wanted it in my mouth... my resistance broken instantly and now I wanted to finish what I had started. 

I bobbed hungrily, wanting to get him off, get his cum... curious, truthfully, if his cum tasted any different than Malcolm's. 

I also wanted to call my daughter... praying Malcolm was bluffing. 

"Do you want my cum, nigger lover?" Jerome grunted, seemingly close. 

I moaned on his cock in response as I kept bobbing hungrily, an insatiable hunger for cum burning through me. 

"Such a faggot," he groaned, before depositing his load in me. Unlike the cannonball-like explosion out of Malcolm's cock, his cum oozed out of his cock and into my mouth. 

"So good," he moaned, as I milked his cock, slowly swallowing his seemingly never-ending load. 

And although the taste was slightly tangier and ostensibly heavier than Malcolm's, it was equally enjoyable. 

When he pulled out, he said, "I think Malcolm has found a lifer." 

I didn't say anything. The task done, my hunger quenched, my entire mind shifted to embarrassment and shame. 

Why did I like sucking cock so much? 

Why did I turn so easily from reluctant to eager the moment a black cock was in my face? 

"Did you enjoy sucking my dick, faggot?" he asked, his dick still in front of me. 

Seeing cum hanging from the end of his dick I mindlessly leaned forward and licked the cum before it fell to the ground. 

"Holy fuck," he roared, "you're the most eager cocksucker I've ever seen." 

My face burned red as I realized what I had just instinctively done and how gay that looked 

"I'll ask again," he said, "even though the answer is obvious. Did you like sucking my dick?" 

"Yes," I admitted. 

"Would you be willing to suck it again?" he questioned. 

"I don't know," I answered, so humiliated by my actions, yet knowing if it was offered to me I would undoubtedly return to my knees. 

"I think I know the answer," he said, as he put his dick away. 

I didn't respond, just wanting to get out of there as soon as possible. 

"I'll chat with Malcolm about having you come over to my brother's frat house one day. They are always looking for new white faggots to spit-roast," he added. 

I had no idea what spit-roast meant, but knew I was getting deeper and deeper into a sick, twisted game of submission of which I was losing control. 

As I remained on my knees bewildered, he added, "Don't worry, it's a black only frat house, you will be in heaven," 

Then before I could say anything else, he opened the stall door and walked out. He laughed a moment later, "Close the stall, cocksucker." 

Realizing the other two were apparently in a stall and that I could scurry out without being caught, I quickly stood up and began to leave. Yet, even though I knew I shouldn't, I couldn't resist looking at the open stall. 

And I froze. 
