 Adam sleepily opened his eyes to the soft morning sun. Right in front of him, her eyes closed, her breath soft and regular was Kay Leigh, his girlfriend. Smiling to himself, he thought back to what they had got up to last night. Just the thought of it was getting him hard again, and he reached across and caressed her bare arm, carelessly draped over the quilts.

"Morning," she dreamily whispered back at him, as she blinked the sleep out of her eyes. 

Adam moved his hand under the sheets and gently cupped her breast, feeling the velvety skin, the nipple responding and hardening to his touch.

"You're insatiable!" she smiled in mock reproof, he reaction belying the words, as she rolled closer and pulled him into a kiss.

A short while later, their passions sated for the moment, Kay Leigh rose from the beds glancing at the clock as she did.

"Nearly 9 already," Kay Leigh whispered, "How lazy of us on our day off! Mum will be at work and Chloe will have gone to school, we've got the house to ourselves! Come on, let's grab a shower before we decide what to do."

Adam pushed the sheet off his 6 foot form, all hard muscle from the labouring job he did, and stood up, pulling her his girl in to his tanned chest.

"Stop it, we can't do that all day," she shrieked as his hands encircled her waist. Wrenching away she threw open the door and headed to the bathroom.

"Why not?" Adam grinned as he followed her on his long athletic legs, dick swinging as he chased her.

He'd just caught her and they were mock wrestling, both laughing from the sheer fun of it, when the bathroom door suddenly opened on them. Out stepped a short haired, blonde guy towelling his head dry. Adam and Kay Leigh froze, but the guy didn't seem as shocked as they were to see them. And to complete the picture, just like the two of them, he was also naked.

"Hi Sis," he casually said, smiling at her, his perfect white teeth showing through his lips. He addressed his word to Kay Leigh, but his eyes were fixed on Adam and his body, taking in the abs, the fine body tone and of course, lingering on his groin before carrying on.

"Jack!" Kay Leigh replied, flustered, trying, and failing to cover herself, her hands alternating between her breasts and crotch, "when did you get back, we weren't expecting you until this evening?" she added, grabbing the towel from his hands and wrapping it around herself, barely covering everything.

"Relax Sis, not like I've never see you naked before. And to answer your question, I got back last night, change in travel arrangements. Not surprised you didn't hear me, it was late when I got back, but when I came upstairs I could hear you two going at it like rabbits, wouldn't have hear a bomb going off! Not that I blame you Sis, you got yourself a right stud here. You must be Adam?" he added reaching his hand out to shake Adam's.

Adam's hands were awkwardly cupping himself to prevent being on show, but he couldn't leave Jack with his outstretched hand, so removed one paw and took Jack's hand. The sureallness of the situation was not lost, two guys shaking hands, naked, whilst a girl, the sister of one and the girlfriend of the other looked on.

"Erm, nice to meet you Jack," he said, as he tried to edge past and hustle Kay Leigh into the shower, feeling extremely awkward.

"Sorry, forget that not all guys are used to being around other naked guys as me. In the army you just get used to it. Catch you later anyway," and with that headed off to the guest room.

"That was weird!" Adam said as they closed the bathroom door and stepped into the shower.

"Yeh, sorry about." that Kay Leigh said, "Jack never did learn the meaning of boundaries!"

"Is he,, you know, gay?" Adam asked, wondering if he was going too far.

"Was it that obvious?" Kay Leigh smiled at him, pulling him close, "He 's pretty open about it round home, but has to keep it quiet in the army else he'd get a hard time. "But don't worry, I've warned him off any of my boyfriends, so you're mine alone," she joke, wrapping a hand round the back of his neck as the warn water poured over them, "So why don't you show me what I've got!" she purred as she drew him into her.

Adam was back in the bedroom dressing whilst Kay Leigh finished off in the bathroom. 

Yes, I am yours, he thought to himself, yet why was he unable to get imagines of Jack out of his mind? He wasn't gay, never even looked at a guy that way, but something about their earlier meeting stuck in his mind. Must have been the situation, he told himself, strange enough to rattle around and stick for a bit. His reverie was broken as Kay Leigh stepped into the room. Why don't you go grab some breakfast, I'll be down in a bit," she smiled as he finished off.

"Sure thing babe!" he said, giving her a lingering kiss, and then heading down stairs.

As he stepped into the kitchen he saw that Jack was also fixing himself some tea and toast. He was dressed in a light vest t-shirt, which showed off his toned arms, and a pair of shorts reaching halfway to his knees. His tanned feet were slipped into a pair of flip-flops. Hearing the footsteps, Jack turned around and smiled at Adam.

"Sorry about earlier," Jack said, "Sis always says I have no concept of boundaries, so if I made you uncomfortable earlier, I'm sorry!"

"No, nothing to be sorry about," Adam stammered, wondering why he was nervous "just not something I expected to see in a morning"

"So you were looking down there then?" Jack responded, a twinkle in his eye

"No, not intentionally." Adam stammered back, uncomfortable with where the conversation was heading, before he looked at Jacks face and realised he was joking. Jack's handsome features were creased with barely contained mirth as he obviously revelled in how he was making Adam feel. Feeling slightly ridiculous at how touchy he was being, Adam started to smile as well, and then burst out laughing as well, setting Jack off.

"What are you two laughing about?" Kay Leigh replied from behind them, slipping a manicured nail around Adam's waist and squeezing.

"Oh nothing much, lads stuff," Jack responded, before squeezing past them and heading into the living room.

"So, what do you want to do today?" Kay Leigh asked.

Before he could reply, her phone went off and she answered. Holding up one finger, she wandered away into the conservatory. With nothing else to do, Adam continued fixing breakfast.

A minute or two later Kay Leigh walked back into the room, a frown on her face.

"Everything ok?" Adam asked.

"No, that was work. Seems a bug has been going round a wok and they are really, really short staffed. They need me to go in to cover the day shift." Kay Leigh worked at the local nursing home and was really dedicated to her work.

"Did you tell them no?" Adam asked "not like we get many days off together," he added.

"I'm sorry, they offered me double pay to do it, I said yes." Kay Leigh replied, "I'm going up to get changed," and headed back upstairs.

"Hmmpf!" Adam signed as he wandered into the living room with his tea.

"Trouble?" Jack replied from the sofa, TV on in the background.

"Not really, Kay's got to go into work, so I'm left with a day off and nothing to do," he said.

"You could hang round here a bit if you like?" Jack said casually. "Most of my mates are working today as well, so not got much planned myself short of a beer or two in the sun later. Company would be good and I can tell you all of sis's secrets she won't want me telling you!"

"Why not?" Adam said, plonking himself on the sofa next to Jack.

A few minutes later Kay Leigh came down in her uniform, a concerned look on her face.

"You're not mad at me are you?" she whispered.

"Nah, it's OK, those folks need you more than me," he smiled, "plus you can make it up to me later!" he winked, earning a slap on the wrist as Kay Leigh exited his embrace.

"You just wait till later then," she said as parting shot as she walked out the door, leaving Adam with a smile on his face.

"You any good at Halo?" Jack shouted from behind him, waking him from his daydream of what was awaiting him later.

"I used to be, not played it in ages, why?"

"Thought we could have a game, got the console set up in my old room if you want?" Jack said, uncurling his long legs from under him.

"Sure, lead the way," Adam responded, following Jack up the stairs, a couple of steps behind. Half way up, jack stumbled and stopped, unsteady on his feet. Instinctively Adam reached out to steady Jack, but because of the height difference, his hands happened to grab Jack's ass.

"Sorry," he mumbled huskily as Jack regained his balance, guiltily letting go of the firm muscles tightly encased in the denim shorts.

"No worries," Jack smiled back, carrying on up the stairs.

They went into the small bedroom, which contained a single bed in it. Some clothes were strewn around, last nights travelling clothes he assumed, but the rest of the room was a typical lad's room. 

"So how long you been in the army?" Adam asked, trying to fill the silence that had descended.

"Just two years," Jack replied. "I dropped out of school at 16, messed around on a few temp jobs for a couple of years before signing up, best thing I ever did."

Wow, he's only 20, Adam thought. Kay Leigh was a year younger than him at 28, so there was a big age gap between siblings. 

Not that Jack looked 20. Army life obviously suited him. There wasn't an ounce of fat on him, and he moved with athleticism as he set up the wires to the console around the obstacles. His blonde hair was closely cropped to his head as per army regulations, and his deep tanned showed he obviously spent a lot of time in the sun. As Jack watched Adam bent over to plug the wire into the socket, the shorts pulling tight around his ass and giving Adam an unintentional sight.

"Like what you see?" Jack said as he turned around, catching Adam guiltily staring.

"Just messing," he added as he saw the look on Adam's face, "I can see you and my Sis are into each other," he said and passed Adam the controller.

Sitting on the end of the bed he started the game up, motioning at Adam to sit down with him.

The awkwardness Adam felt slowly went away as they got into the game. Conversation, stilted at first became easier as they got to know one another, all the while staying focused on the game. 

At one point in the game, Jack died in the game at a point that he could not be respawned until the next checkpoint. Adam played on, focussing on the game, his fingers and thumbs jabbing at the buttons, totally unaware that Jack wasn't following the game, but instead was watching him, taking in the focus, the intensity of the gaze of blue eyes, before, as earlier letting his gaze wander over the other man's body. Despite his promises to Kay Leigh, he was excited by his sister's boyfriend, the obvious masculinity, idly wondering what it would be like to be held by those strong arms, kiss that mouth, and suck his dick...

"And that's the level done!" Adam cried, breaking the erotic thoughts "and no thanks to you, I thought you were meant to be good" he said, smiling over at Jack.

"And you were meant to be rusty," Jack replied, standing and brushing casually close to Adam, seeing how far he could push the guy. "You want a drink?"

"Sure," Adam replied, a moment or two later Jack returned with a couple of beers in his hand

"Never too earlier!" he said to Adam's quizzical look, and passed one over to Adam.

"Guess not," Adam replied, taking a swig before putting the bottle on the floor.

Jack sat back down on the bed and they continued onto the next level. Was it Adam's imagination, or was Jack closer than before? He could make out the smell of the other man now, his cologne mixed with a scent of masculinity, but with something else he couldn't put his finger on. Nonsense he thought, just your imagination.

He focussed back onto the game and they had reached a point where both players had to get through to continue. From obvious practice, Jack managed this first time, but try as he may, Adam couldn't manage it.

"Here, let me show you" Jack said, scooting even closer to Adam, their bare legs no touching. You just need to do this combo" he said, reaching over and taking the controller out of Adam's hands, and deftly completing them move. The intensity of the situation was crackling in the air; Jack was close enough that Adam could feel the other man's breath on his neck. Time seemed to stand still as the two men looked at each other, and then Adam sensed rather than saw the other man start to lean in, and jumped to his feet.

"Don't you think we've spent enough time inside on such a lovely day?" he panted, unaware he had been holding his breath.

"Sure, if you say so," Jack replied, a lazy smile on his face as if nothing had happened.

"Let's grab another beer and head down onto the terrace."

"Great," Adam replied, almost jumping out of the room.

Walking out into the sun, beer in hand Adam sat down onto the nearest sunlounger, and Jack followed suit on the one next to him. Putting the beer onto the table between them Jack casually stripped off his top and put it on the bed.

"Got to keep up the tan!" he said to Adam, as the other man looked over to him, taking in the tight, rippling muscles and muscular 6 pack. He'd pulled his shorts low as well so that the v of his pelvis was on display, as if drawing the watchers eye towards other things. Guiltily he looked away, all too aware that Jack had seen him looking over the other man's body, yet saying nothing.

They continued to chat in the sun, moving onto another beer as the sun beat down. Sweat began to pool under Adam's t-shirt, and he eventually caved and stripped his top off as well. Despite this, he was seriously overheating, and the beer wasn't helping, the heat and lack of food was meaning it was going straight to his head.

"Don't' know about you, but, this sun is frazzling me," Jack said, looking over to Adam, "Why don't we jump into the Jacuzzi for a bit, cool down."

"But I've not got any swim shorts," Adam replied, half-heartedly complaining as Jack got up.

"Just go in your boxers," Jack replied "that's what I'm doing," and with that stepped out of his shorts, leaving him standing there in nothing but his short boxers. Looking up, Adam couldn't help but notice Jack's package, how it filled the boxers, almost straining to be free.

"Grab some more beers," Jack said as he headed to the other side of the terrace and started clearing the cover off the Jacuzzi.

"Sure." Adam said, going with it. Nothing wrong with being in my boxers, fully aware by now that the other guy was clearly testing him. If he tries anything I can always get out and go home he added to himself as he stepped out of his shorts, standing there in his black boxers before wandering inside for some beers from the fridge.

A short while later, the two men had polished off a couple more beers, and Adam's head was definitely a little bit giddy now. Jack seemed none the worse from it as he sat across from Adam, arms casually draped over the side of the pool, legs floating in front of him. Adam was sat with his legs on the floor, having found earlier that if he let his legs float they'd be dangerously close to playing footsie.

"Is the water going a bit cold do you think?" Jack said suddenly mid conversation.

"Erm, maybe," Adam replied, not noticing any difference.

"Let me take a look at the controls," Jack replied standing up, water dripping off his body, glistening in the sunlight. Rather than getting out, he moved over to Adam and leaned over him, fiddling with the controls. His crotch was now inches from Adam's face, and it as only now that Adam realised Jack was wearing white briefs, and having been immersed in water, had now turned rather see through. 

As he looked, Jack's dick stirred and started to grow; Jack was obviously enjoying the situation and growing hard. Not knowing where to look, he desperately turned form side to side looking back at the controls that Jack was supposedly working on.

"Fixed it?" he stammered, as Jack's hand rested on his shoulder for balance, the fingers almost caressing his skin.

"Almost there," Jack said, before fiddling once more with the dials. "There," he said as bubbles suddenly came on, catching him off guard. Or at least, Adam assumed it was accidental, as Jack feet fell from under him and he landed squarely in front of Adam, practically sat in his lap. Imagines of earlier crossed Adam's mind, and he practically pushed Jack off him as he climbed out of the pool.

"Look, we've been in the water too long," he said, let's have a kick around or something?" he said pointing the bottom of the garden where an old football and rugby ball lay.

Not giving the other man chance to protest he walked down the garden, turning around to see that Jack had also exited the pool and was striding down after him. Adam avoided looking down where the still see through boxers left little to the imagination, and set about creating a couple of goals. 

Taking control of the football, the two men faced each other. Adam went towards Jack and managed to beat him with some skill and tuck it into the man's goal.

"One nil!" he said, slightly slurred from the beers, but still in control of his feet.

"Yeh yeh," Jack replied, taking his own turn. Adam easily dispossessed him, and tucked the ball into the goal again.

This continued for a few moments before Jack got fed up.

"You may be better than me at football, but lets see how good you are at Rugby," he said, throwing the rugby ball the Adam, "let's see if you can handle my tackle!"

The sportsman in Adam wouldn't let that challenge go and so he headed at Jack, fainting to the left, and then going to the right. But Jack had anticipated this and wrapped his muscular arms around Adam's waist, and held on, pulling him to the ground. 

Jack briefly lost his grip on Adam as they hit the ground, and Adam tried to wriggle away. Jack still hand a light hold on Adam, and this, coupled with the motion of wriggling caused Adam's boxers to be pulled down. Adam didn't seem to notice and continued to try and rise. Jack clambered after him and enveloped him in his arms once more, pulling him to the ground.

The two muscled bodies were now on top of one another, with Adam now naked. The way they had finished, Jack's hands were now around Adam's crotch, and caressing his dick. Almost of its own accord Adam's dick responded to the touch.

"What are you doing?" Adam said, breathlessly but making no attempt to move as Jack's hands continued to explore.

"Isn't it obvious?" Jack replied "and I can see you like it," he added as Adam grew even stiffer in front of them.

"Looks like it weren't me handling your tackle, but more you handling mine," Adam weakly joked, as the hands continued to massage him. Gone were any thoughts of resistance now, the insistent hands, with the beers he had consumed meant he was going with whatever now.

"I'll do more than handle it!" Jack replied, and without further ado he bent forward and took Adam's cock into his mouth.

Adam gasped as the man's tongue swirled around his cock, the heat from Jack's mouth so intense he couldn't ignore it. Up and down Jack sucked, his hands fondling Adam's balls as he continued to take Adam's entire dick into his mouth.

Never before had Adam had a blowjob like it, the tongue was ever moving, caressing the slit at the end before then swirling around the base. On and on this went, until Adam felt he cold take no more.

"I'm cumming!" He cried, warning the other man in case he wanted to take it out of his mouth, but Jack just continued, speeding up in fact as he squeezed and sucked for all he was worth. With one last shudder Adam came, intense waves of ecstasy hit him as he blew his load in the other man's mouth. 
