 I never been gay nor had gay fantasies but that all changed my junior year of college. I was living off campus with a friend from my hometown named Jimmy. We rented a duplex that had three bedrooms and two baths. The master bedroom was vacant at this time. During the school year I worked on campus at the library for my spending money. I had worked there the last two years in the periodicals room, which was a room most people avoided unless they needed a journal for a paper. It was pretty awesome job especially the night shift where I got to study most of the time after putting the journals back on the shelf or assisting someone if needed. Every year, besides for bosses, there was always a new group of student of workers and this how I meant my future boyfriend, Derrick.

As the first day of classes started, my supervisors had a meeting so all the new co-workers could meet each other. I was the first person to arrive, as the other students started coming in I notice several girls that I thought were very attractive then Derrick came in. He was around 5'10", short dark hair, and black muscular body. As the meeting started I no longer cared about the girls in the room, I was more interesting in the new guy. As we went around room introducing ourselves, I made sure to try to put myself in the best light. I stood up straight so my 5'7" frame would look taller, flex my muscles and brush my hand through my brown curly hair and tried to draw attention to my green eyes. I knew I wasn't as muscular as Derrick was but I was hoping that he was interested in me as I was in him. 

After the meeting, even though most of the new girls wanted to meet me, I was more interesting in meeting Derrick. Before he could leave the room, I cut him off at the door so we could talk. From our short conversation, I found out that he was a sophomore and was on the track team, which would explain the very fit body that he had. I invited him over to the duplex to watch the local football game and he accepted. 

After meeting Derrick, I drove back to duplex and went straight to my room so I could jack off. This was different from my normal fantasies instead of women I was fantasying of Derrick on top of me shoving his black cock up my white ass. After about 5 minutes, I came harder then I ever did thinking about women.

The next day I got to work with Derrick at the library. I tried to sneak glances at his hot body while we reshelf some of the journals. As he was up on stool putting back some journals I sneak some peaks at his hard body. This included glances at his dick. From his bulge I had to guess his dick was at least 8 inches. I couldn't get that image out of my head an 8-inch black dick fucking my ass. A time or two I thought Derrick caught me staring at his crotch but he didn't seemed to mind if he did. As soon as I was done at work and my last class, I ran back to the duplex and started fantasying about Derrick fucking my ass again. 

The next morning I started to clean the duplex especially the kitchen and living room. As I did, Jimmy started asking me if I was having some girls come over. As I explained to him a co-worker was coming over named Derrick, Jimmy instantly started teasing me that I was cleaning for my new boyfriend.

Around noon, Derrick came over to eat and watch the game. I tried my best to not be flirty and just talk to Derrick. This was hard to accomplish due to every time Derrick provided me an opportunity to touch his body I did. Examples would be grabbing his biceps during a funny joke so I wouldn't "fall over" while laughing or pat on the chest or back when asking him for a beer. Also, I notice during the game Derrick was touching me but in a more aggressive way. Replaying a tackle in the football game by tackling me or pinning me down on the couch when we were arguing about a play. I was enjoying being manhandled by Derrick especially being tackle by him. I didn't think I was obvious with my flirting but Jimmy didn't think so when Derrick left. 

"I didn't know that you like black dick, in fact I didn't know that you were gay. I am pretty sure if you offer up that ass of yours, he will be more than happy to shove his dick up there."

" I am not gay and Derrick is just a friend. I don't know what you are talking about." I reply.

"Please you were flirting with him out all game long and he was enjoying tackling you. I think he wants fuck that ass of yours because he was checking it out." Jimmy said as he was leaving the room.

The next two weeks were blur when I did get to see Derrick or get hang out with him I would be so turn on thinking about his black dick that it was hard for me to be around him. As we hanged out more Derrick was becoming more comfortable manhandling me. I would get so turn on when he pin me down and get on top of me. I was always worried that he would notice my hard dick when he pin me down. Especially when he would brush up against it. I was ready to submit to Derrick some days and just ask him to fuck me but I was still uncomfortable about being attracted to a guy. 

I did, finally, broke down and brought a black dildo online one night. It was 8-inch dildo, the same size and color I thought Derrick was, just so I could get a feeling of a dick up my ass. I thought this way I could live out my fantasy of Derrick fucking me while keeping my desires hidden. A week later, I notice a brown package on my bed as I got closer I suddenly realized that it was open. As I look inside I found the dildo and some lube that I had ordered. It dawn on me that Jimmy must have open the package and saw what was inside. I quickly ran to Jimmy room to see if he opened the package and if he did hoping that he didn't see what was inside.

I knock on his door as I heard, "Come in." As I enter the room Jimmy was on his computer playing a video game. 

"How did you open the package that came for me today?" I ask fearing the worse.

"Yeah, the package of the black dildo and lube. At first I thought it said Jimmy and not James. Sorry about that. So is that so you can fantasy about Derrick fucking your ass?"

I got very wide eye, "No, that wasn't for me!"

"Whatever I don't care if you are gay or not. In fact I find it funny that you have such a big crush on this guy and want him to fuck you."

At this point I turn pale white and got on my knees to plead with Jimmy, "Please don't say anything to anybody about this. I have never felt this way about a guy before."

Jimmy chuckle, "Calm down fag. I won't say anything unless I think it will get you laid. I think it will be funny to see you the next morning after getting your ass pounded. Who knows if Derrick knew you could take a dildo he might really want to fuck that ass of yours!"

I walk back to my room and tried to calm myself down. I was a little relieved that my roommate took it so well. After settling down I decided to check out the toy that I got. As I lock the door to my room I open up the package and started getting everything out of it protective wrapping. The dildo had a suction cup on it so I clean off the small end table by my bed and put the dildo on edge of the end table. I then proceeded to get undress. I started to lube up the dildo and my ass. Once I thought my ass was lube up enough I proceeded to lower myself on the dildo. The first couple of times I tried to insert dildo in my ass it hurt so bad that I had to jump rub my ass to get the pain to go away. Finally after two failed attempts, I got the head of dildo in my ass and started to slide the dildo up my ass. When I felt my ass touch the plastic balls a new excitement came over me thinking that I accomplish something so incredible. 

After sitting on the dildo and getting my ass to accommodate the dildo, I then preceded to bounce on the dildo. My dick got hard and was flopping around, slapping my stomach as I bounce. After gaining my balance on the dildo, I moved my left hand and grab my dick. I started to jack off as I continue to bounce on my dildo. It didn't take me long for me to cum. I was actually was little embarrass that I came so hard with a dildo up my ass. The next two weeks I explore several different positions fucking my ass.

In late September, Derrick came back over to house to watch another football game. As the game ended, he stayed over and drank some beers with Jimmy and me. As always I wasn't trying to flirt with Derrick but as I was pin me down on the couch, arguing over who the best team was, I felt his hard dick pressed against me. After awhile of watching us play around Jimmy left the room as Derrick slowly started to let me up from couch. As we were talking Jimmy re-enters the room and drops my black dildo between us.

"Here I thought you should know that my roommate has been fucking his ass with this dildo in the hopes that you would shove the real deal up his ass." Jimmy said, "So why don't you stop flirting with him and fuck him."

As Jimmy said that I totally turn white and lost all speech. I didn't know what to say to Derrick and I didn't know what to say to Jimmy either. As I sit there in a stun state finally Derrick spoke, "So you been practicing with this dildo? Why don't you take me to your room? We can see if you are ready for the real thing."

After collecting my thoughts I finally spoke," So you're not mad?"

"No. I have been checking you out for a while." Derrick said. 

"Here let's go to my bedroom so we can talk about this in a more private setting." I said as I grab Derrick by the hand started to lead him back to my bedroom.

As we closer towards my bedroom Derrick lets go of my hand, I turn around thinking Derrick was changing his mind only to get my ass slap. I jump and let out yelp, I was getting really turned that Derrick was interested in fucking me. I could hear Jimmy laughing in the background as we got to my bedroom door.

Once inside, I shut and lock the door to talk to Derrick but was immediately meant with kiss on the lips. As Derrick pulled back from kiss he whispers, "Why don't you show me how you work this?" The dildo being waved in my face as Derrick moves towards the bed.

I start to take off my clothes and start moving towards Derrick. Once I got to the bed I was down to my shorts and underwear. As I started taking off my shorts, Derrick started rubbing my body and telling me how pretty it is. Once I had my underwear off, Derrick turned me around where my ass was facing him. He then proceeded to grab my ass cheeks and started telling me how beautiful and plump it was.

"You know I haven't seen a ass this pretty on most of girls. So do you have lube for when you play with your dildo?" Jimmy said. I nodded my head and open the drawer on my nightstand. Derrick watched as I lube my ass. 

After finishing, I turn around to face Derrick and extended my hand to get the dildo from him. Derrick looks at me," No, lay on the bed. I want to be the one that shoves it up your ass." 

I lay across the bed sideways on my back. Derrick lefts up my leg and starts slowly inserting the dildo into my ass as I moan in pleasure. When he gets the 8-inch dildo all the way up my ass, he then starts pulling the dildo out of my ass before shoving it all the way back in. This continues a couple more times before Derrick abruptly stops. He then stands up and starts taking off his clothes. As he dick plops out, my eyes get big. It must have been 3 to 4 inches bigger then my dildo and probably a ½ inch wider, too. I instantly want to start touching and playing with it. 

As I stare wide eye at his huge dick, Derrick finally starts talking, " Here suck this and show me how much you want the real thing." I start worrying how I am going to fit his dick in mouth or ass. I wrap my hand around his dick start stroking it. After stroking his dick a few times, I open my mouth and try fitting it in my mouth. His head is so big it takes a couple times before I can fit his dick in my mouth. I start slide my mouth down his dick but start choking. I realize that I am not going fit his whole dick in my mouth so I just start bobbing my head on his dick, swallowing as much dick as I can while giving him a hand job at the same time.

After a couple minutes sucking his dick I pull out, "You have big dick!" I said as I continue stroke him and wipe the drool from my face. 

"A big dick for a big ass!" Derrick says as he shakes my ass cheek."Now get back to work." He removes his hand from my ass cheek and pushes my head back towards his dick. 

Not wanting to disappoint Derrick, I open my mouth and continue my quest to get him a good blowjob. After awhile excitement builds in me of hoping he will cum in my mouth as stroke and suck his dick. I even play with tight balls.

Then all the sudden Derrick pulls his dick out of mouth and rolls me on my stomach, "Let's see how handle the real thing now." Derrick says as he reaches for his shorts on the bed. As he gets a condom out of his pants and starts to put it on, he stands up and removes his shorts from the bed and grabs me by the ankles and pulls me to edge of the bed. He then grabs pillows from the bed and puts them under my stomach.

As Derrick removes the dildo from my ass, I turn around, "Be easy.

I never have something that big before."

"Baby I will never hurt you." as he slides his dick up and down my ass cheeks. Then as he gets his dick by asshole, "At least intentionally." He says as he shoves dick in me. I let out a small yell in pain as the head pops in my asshole. 

As his dick keeps going deeper in my ass, I keep thinking I should feel his balls and hair pretty soon. Finally after I feel like can't take another inch I feel his hair and balls touch my ass cheeks. A moan of relief escapes my mouth.

"Shake that ass. You need to celebrate for taking the whole 12 inches." I try to shake my ass but my movement was limited. Derrick then grabs both my ass cheeks and starts shaking them for me. 

He then grabs me by the hair and turns me to face him, "Tonight I am going to fuck you. It going to hurt at first but if you give it a chance I promise you will love it at the end." He says while planting a kiss on my lips," Understand?"

I nod my head yes as he starts to pull his dick out of my ass before thrusting it back in. Derrick then stands up and repeats, pulling his cock out of my ass little more before thrusting it back in. I let out little yell as I try to get use to his cock being shoved into my ass. He repeated this several times as his rhythm increases.

After awhile I do start moaning as cock is being shoved up my ass. I then feel a sharp slap on my ass cheek," I told you that you would start to like it."

After awhile Derrick is fucking me pretty hard and I am moaning like a bitch. I grab the bed covers, "Don't stop! Don't stop!" I scream. I feel my ass jiggle with each thrust forward. My hard dick leaking precum, swings wildly beneath me. I then start moving my hips back in attempts to keep his cock to stay in my ass. My feet leave the floor after one of Derricks thrust forward, I quickly wrap my legs around him in a feeble attempt to keep his cock in me.

Derrick then grabs my hair and pulls my head back. "Take this dick! I waited forever to tap this ass and you're going take the fucking of your life!" Derrick says as picks up the pace. "I knew you were a bottom with a ass like that!" I moan at being dominated. It turns me on that Derrick is turn on fucking me.

Derrick grabs my ass cheeks as he thrust in, lets go and gives one of my ass cheeks a slap before pulling out. This repeated several more times. I can feel my ass turning red with each slap but I just want him to continue fucking me. 

Every time Derrick's dick is shoved up my ass I get closer to cumming. I close my eyes and try to hold off pending load that I am going blow. I want his dick to stay in my ass forever. Convince that Derrick couldn't keep up this pace for too much longer I try to buy myself some time so we both would cum at the same time. 

Derrick slaps both ass cheeks twice simultaneous before grabbing my left cheek as it jiggle around. I grab the bed sheets as he lets go of my cheek and gives it a slap. I can no longer hold my cum in and start squirting all over my bed. My hard dick waving like crazy as Derrick continues to fuck my ass. 

As I finally come down off my high, Derrick slaps another ass cheek and tells me I will be his bitch for now on. I grab the bed sheets again as I try to figure how much longer he can last. My legs drop back to floor but only my toes can touch the floor now. Derrick grabs my shoulder with one hand while the other grabs my hip. Derrick slows his pace down tremendously as he takes his dick almost all the way out, leaving the head in, and then shoving it back in my ass as hard as he can.

"Yeah! You not going to be able to sit down for a week when I am done with you!" Derrick says between thrusts. All I can do is moan while Derrick slowly fucks my ass. Every now and then the hand on my hip grabs s ass cheek or slaps an ass cheek.

I don't know if he is being serious but each thrust in my ass is a painful reminder that his dick is huge. During one point I had to cover my mouth with my hand while he thrust is dick in me knowing that Jimmy was probably hearing everything in our duplex. 

After I couple more minutes, I just turn around and try to plead with Derrick with my eyes to finish up. This ended with a slap on the ass, "Your ass is going milk my cock for all it worth." I don't know what to do help Derrick cum so I bury my face into my bed and moan with each thrust in. 

Finally, I hear Derrick muttered something about he ready to cum. He then shoves his cock deep my ass. He then falls on top of me pinning me to the bed with his dick up my ass. As we lay there Derrick mentions that I was the best fuck he ever had and starts kissing my back. He then puts his hand under my throat and lefts my head off the bed and starts kissing me on the lips and cheek. He removes his hand from my throat as we kiss starts rubbing his hands on my body.

As we kiss, Derrick keeps telling me that he owns my ass as he wiggles his hips. I don't know what to say back and just continue kissing him. His dick stretches my asshole a little bit more. Derrick then pushes my head back to bed and slowly starts to get back to his feet. As he pulls his cock out of my ass, he grabs both ass cheeks gives them a shake. After he was done shaking my ass, a rush of pain is immediately felt in my ass. I start rubbing my ass cheeks with both hands trying to get the pain to go away. 

"So is your asshole hurting?" Derrick said as removes one of hands from my ass cheek and slaps it. I nod my head. 

"Yeah it will hurt for a couple days after fucking like that." Derrick says as he throws the pillows from underneath me back to the top of the bed. "Let's go to bed." 

Derrick then lefts me up from the bed and starts kissing me. As he arms slip off of me I crawl back on the bed up with Derrick close behind grabbing and shaking my ass. We meet at the top of the bed and start kissing again as Derrick rubs my ass. I lay on stomach and start to come to terms that Derrick may really own my ass. 

"That asshole is really stretch out right now." Derrick says as I dose off to sleep.

To be continue...