 "Dude, I'm totally going to have the greatest costume for the party tonightZacky squealed as he got his wing stumps attached to his back.

Johnny, who had accompanied him to the store just shook his head and laughed at him. Zacky had been talking about how he wanted to be a fallen angel for Halloween ever since last Halloween. Johnny also grinned at the look on Zacky's face when he looked in the mirror to see his dream come true.

"Oh man, they look so cool. Do you think it'll be a turn on for like the chicks and shit?" Zacky asked Johnny as he checked himself out in the mirror.

"Zack man, are you sure it's the chicks you want the attention from. Because, I was under the impression that it was Jimmy's attention you were really seeking." Johnny said knowing it would enrage Zacky.

"Shut your fucking faggoty face John! I already told you I had given up on him a LONG time ago." Zacky said glaring at the smaller man.

Johnny rolled is eyes and mumbled "Sure."

Zacky's flare somehow managed to get more intense. Johnny could only laugh though, Zacky always looked cute, no matter what face. I guess it came with having very feminine facial features.

As Zacky puts on his adjusted shirt Johnny goes and buys his costume for himself. As he signs the receipt a hand touches his shoulder. He looks to see Zacky looking rather embarrassed.

"What's wrong Z?"

Zacky bites his lip nervously, "Do you think Jimmy will think I'm hot tonight? Do you think tonight will be the night and I'll finally kiss him!?"

Johnny just laughed and said sure.

He knew that could was lying. 

~ ~ ~

As Zacky and Johnny made their way up to Brian's house they were attacked by a squealing Val and a laughing Matt.

Johnny wiggled around trying to get Val off his back, "Oh for fuck sakes Val, would you relax or something."

"But it's Halloween Johnny! It's going to be so much fun. Hehehe, right Mattykins?" Val said as she got off Johnny. She moseyed her way back into Matt's velvet covered arms. 

Johnny looked him up and down and just grinned, "Mad Hatter?"

Matt smiled, "Dead Cowboy?"

The two laughed at each other. Val was dressed up in a costume matching Matt's, she had bleached her hair deathly blonde so she could be Alice.

Val walked over to Zacky and touched his stumps. 

"Who cut your wings?" Val mused. Zack smiled at the attention.

"You of course Val, don't you remember last night in your room when I cupped your soft yet supple-"Zacky stopped when he caught Matt's cut eye from behind Johnny. 

"Mind your tongue Baker or I swear to god." Matt threatened. 

As they got to the door they could already hear the loud music blaring through the thick walls of the old Victorian House that Brian's grandmother had owned. It was beautiful in every way, and was creepy enough to hold a party there. 

The plants crawling across the sides of the house making creepy shadows appear, the fake spider webs aligning every corner outside and probably inside.

Instead of trying to ring the doorbell that would most likely go unheard they walked right in. Val first followed by the rest of the boys.

Trying to talk to anyone in this place would be a feat in itself, the music was blaring and people where somehow holding casual conversation.

Zack started to look everywhere for Jimmy, while Johnny and Matt stationed themselves at one of the many kegs in the house. Every now and then they would hear a scream but figured Brian being the jerk he was, had set up traps and spooks everywhere. Brian had always been a huge fan of Halloween. He always found it funny that people flipped out on the day they know they are going to get scared.

Val was one of Brian's favorite targets so when she came running over to Matt looking shook up and he was laughing hysterically behind her Matt nearly punched him through the wall.

"What the fuck man, you're sick. Leave my girlfriend alone." He said dangerously towards Brian.

Brian grinned showing off his putty stuck fangs. He was abnormally paler than usual and was wearing his usual attire.

"Whatever man, its Halloween so she should have been prepared." Brian explained.

Matt glared at his friend and marched himself and Val out of the room. Brian grinned again and threw his arm over Johnny.

"So, Dead Cowboy ay?" Brian questioned.

"Ok, is there something wrong with my costume because both you and Matt made the same comment?" Johnny whined at his friend.

Brian laughed and changed the subject, "So where's the Zack Attack?"

"Probably where ever The Jolly Green Giant is. You should have seen him at the costume shop earlier today. 'Do you think Jimmy will kiss me tonight?' It was a little gay."

"Well Zack is a little gay, what can you expect. Too bad Jimbo is an asshole and isn't into dudes." Brian mused.

Johnny's expression held one of shock, "You mean to tell me Zack is totally going to make a fool out of himself tonight?"

Brian nodded feeling a little bad too. 

"Don't worry about it, if anything happens I'll cheer him up. I am his best friend after all." Brian offered to keep Johnny happy, not that he wouldn't do so anyways. 

"So, any chicks in mind?" Brian said waving his hand over the room in a very magical way.

Johnny looked around, not many caught his attention. It was Halloween so you never really know what people are truly like. Until he saw this one girl with shoulder length brown hair and a gorgeous smile. She was dressed in a beautiful pink dress although half of it was spray painted black as was one half of her body. Even her face had black lines across it, an eye that was fully black and one regular chocolate brown eye.

She was chugging back a beer and chatting with some friends who were dressed as demons.

"Her." Johnny said pointing to the starlet.

"Of all the girls you could pick at this huge party, you pick my sister?" Brian laughed at him. "You touch her in any other way than a platonic one, I will have no trouble ripping your face off and feeding it to Zacky's dog."

With that Johnny nearly pissed himself, he being as weak as he was compared to Brian and also Zacky's dog was pretty scary for a tiny fluff ball. 

With that Brian left Johnny to do his biddings. 

With a heavy sigh and an almost shaking body, Johnny moseyed his way over to Brian's sister. 

On the other side of the house Jimmy was ignoring Zacky as per usual, Zack stood in one corner of the kitchen watching Jimmy talk to everyone but him. 

Zack was on his second drink and getting reasonably disappointed as each minute went by. He had waved to Jimmy and he didn't wave back, smiled at Jimmy and Jimmy didn't smile back. 

"Fuck!!" Zacky thought to himself. "What on Earth am I doing wrong?"

Jimmy was avoiding Zack for his own reasons, one he wasn't gay and two Zack was already claimed by someone who threatened to hurt him if he got to close. As much as he would like to talk to Zack he couldn't. He felt bad having to ignore him on purpose, knowing full well what kind of psychological damage this was doing to him in the long run. 

Jimmy decided to exit the room after seeing Zacky fidgeting with his hands for the seventh time in a five minute time span, it was just too much for him to handle.

Zack on the other hand felt torn apart by this last action, he figured Jimmy really didn't like him and was making him awkward just standing there staring like a drunk girl who forgot how to use basic motor functions.

He then felt someone's hand on his shoulder, he looked over to see Brian standing with a look of concern.

"You ok man?" he asked Zacky.

Zacky sucked up his emotion and nodded.

Brian's eyes soon changed to a look of relief. He then nudged Zacky and started to walk away from him.

He stopped as he realized Zacky didn't get the hint and said, "Well are you going to come with me or not?"

Zacky smiled at his own stupidity and scurried to catch up to Brian, the two walked down probably the only empty hallway in the house and headed to a bed room. As they entered Brian closed the door and made his way till he was seated on the bed. Zacky stood awkwardly by the door.

"Um, Bri what are we doing in here?" Zack asked him. 

Brian noted the awkward confusion Zack's stance showed him, made him feel a little bad but knew it would end shortly.

"I just wanted to talk or something, you've been looking a bit down lately I just wanted to know what was up." Brian explained softly, patting the bed beside him.

Zack looked at him with a questioning eye, but then shrugged it off and sat beside him. Brian smiled a little for him to start talking. With a sigh Zack collected his thoughts.

"It's just Jimmy, no matter what I do to try and impress him he just ignores me. I really like him and it's becoming a pain in the ass to try and make him like me. I just want someone to like me, maybe I should have stayed straight." 

At Zack's last comment Brian was taken aback, he liked his friend being gay and couldn't picture him straight at all.

"Seriously?" Brian asked him. With a slight nod of the head Zack answered.

"You shouldn't change just because one guy, one straight guy I should say, doesn't like you. Besides there are probably tons of guys that do like you and would die to be with you." Brian said trying to cheer him up, also hinting at his own like for Zacky. 

"Naw, I'm not many guys type. I'm too femy I guess."

"Too femy, oh fuck off Zacky, your perfect." Brian exclaimed.

Zack arched his brow as to why Brian would say such a thing to him, not that the didn't expect his best friend to cheer him up, he just wasn't expecting to be called perfect.

Before Brian could explain the door burst open, it was Val and Matt. Val had a book in her hand and was stumbling around drunkenly. Matt was trying to catch her hips to steady her.

"Guys! I found this book in the basement it has like spells and shit, but you should here the words in this it's like some fucking Shakespeare shit." Val said excitedly as she waved the book in front of them.

Brian laughed at her, "What you gonna do Val, cast a spell. I though you were Alice not a witch?"

Matt rolled his eyes, "Let's just leave them alone Val, we can go tell Jimmy about the spells, ok?"

"No no no, Brian wants to see me cast a spell, than Mr. Haner fucking will!!" Val said pushing Matt's hands off her and falling to the floor with a thump. She then scrambled through the pages and said, "This one could be interesting!"

"Val, I think Brian was only kidding. You shouldn't mess around with it." Zack warned her.

"Oh Z, I doubt anything will happen." Brian said. 

Zacky sighed and watched as she recited some words in Latin, she said them one at a time with a slight slur to her voice. When she finished she looked up at the three guys, the three of them just looked around. After a few moments Matt placed his fingers on the bridge of his nose in boredom.

"Ok well I don't think any thing happened so you should just put the book away and-"Matt started saying as someone came running in the room.

A young guy waltzed in and looked horrified, "Dude Brian, some of your guests are fighting and shit, do you want us to kick them out?"

Val's look of hopefulness faded when she realized it was just a silly fight.

"Don't worry about it Brian, I'll take care of it. Come on Val let's go now." Matt said grabbing Val's hand leading the two out of the room with the other guy.

Brian and Zacky looked at each other and laughed.

"Well since class is over at Hogwarts want to go get a drink?" Brian offered.

Zack laughed at his joke and agreed as the two stood up Zack felt a searing pain in his shoulders, "Ow, what the fuck?"

Brian furrowed his brows and gave Zack a questioning glance. Zacky shook his head and put his hand on his own back, as he touched his shoulder blade his eyes shot wide open.

"What is it Zacky?" Brian said worried.

Zacky brought his hand back out in front of him, in his hand there was blood smeared all over, "My back is bleeding." 

"What?" Brian asked as he turned Zacky around, only to find that Zacky's back had blood staining down his shirt out of his fake angel wing stumps. Or what should be fake at least. "Zack man, it's your stumps, they are bleeding. Is that supposed to happen?" Brian asked as he moved his hands to touch the blood.

"No, I put fake blood on like a few hours ago it would have dried by now, why does it hurt Brian?" Zacky asked his voice choking as he started to panic.

Brian brought his fingers to his nose and could smell it was real blood. "It's real Zack, holy shit. Wait." 

"What?" Zack asked staring the wall in front of him, tears threatening to fall from the pain in his back.

"Can you feel this?" With that Brian touched one of the stumps with his index finger and started to circle it. Zack shuddered then nodded. "Oh fuck man, this is so fucking weird. I don't what to do Z. Are you ok?"

Zacky turned to face Brian whose hand didn't move, Brian stared at his hand, looking at the blood that was on it. Zack failed to notice and said, "It hurts Bri, it really feels like they have been cut off. I think I'm going to be sick, how in hell is this possible!"

Brian didn't respond so Zack looked at him confused, "Bri, you ok man?"

Zacky looked for any sign of a response from his friend, looking over Brian's face it had seemed that his make-up job had been a good one, his skin looked deathly pale and surprisingly he couldn't see the thickness the make-up usually showed. He then noticed Brian's mouth drop open a little, then his fangs started to protrude out slightly as if they were growing.

"Holy shit!" Zacky flinched backwards when he saw the fangs. This caused Brian to look up from his hand and he gave Zack a "What's wrong" look.

"Yo-your fangs man, they like grew or something when you opened your mouth!" Zacky said pointing a shaky hand at Brian's mouth.

Brian put his hand in his mouth to feel the fangs, he tried to pull them out but they stayed, didn't even budge. His look of panic then changed to one of horror.

"Dude, I'm actually a Vampire. They won't come out!" Brian cried out as he put his hand to his chest, he looked down and then back up at Zacky, "I'm dead. I'm fucking dead!!"

Brian grabbed Zacky's hand and pulled it to his chest, when Zack's eyes widened he knew he had felt it or really the lack of a heartbeat.

"Oh fuck, do you think Val's spell thing worked?" Zack asked.

"Fuck yeah man! Oh shit, what if it got the whole party or something?" Brian said panic stricken, the two ran out of the room and into the hall, it was empty and the thumping bass of the music had stopped.

The two gave a "what the fuck" look to each other and slowly made their way down the stairs. As they got to the bottom they saw Johnny sitting beside the entrance to the kitchen. The ran over to him and he looked up at them. Relief washed over them as they knew he was alive, that is until they saw his eyes had become a grayish color and his skin had cracks in it as if his skin was dying.

"Holy shit Johnny, you ok?" Zacky asked him, he grabbed Johnny's arm but let go when he heard a crack of a bone and felt his flesh peel a little. Giving a disgusted look to Brian the two stood back up.

"This can't be good. John do you know where everyone else went?" Brian asked him. Johnny blinked as if trying to take the information in.

"They left." He said quietly, and then he turned his head to facing the ground again.

Brian walked out in to the living room to find no one was there, but they had left ripped furniture and broken lamps in their wake. 

Zacky walked up behind him, "Holy shit, I hope no one died while leaving."

Brian turned and glared at Zack for the joke. Zack said sorry as he realized that Brian was dead and was annoyed at the comment.

"Sorry man I was just trying to lighten the- shit, where's Jimmy?" Zack questioned as he looked around.

"I don't know man, he might have left with the crowd. I know Matt and Val are still here, they wouldn't leave after this. And it's not like ether of them were dead characters or like demons, they might be just fine and looking for us." Brian said unsure of himself.

"So I guess that's what happens then, we turn into are costumes. So I guess we should check the tea room in the back." Zack said as he started leaving the living room.

Brian walked with him, "Why the tea room?"

"Well Matt was dressed as the Mad Hatter, so he's probably there."

"Drinking tea?"

"Precisely." Zack said with a proud smirk.

When they got to the dining room they stopped and let there Jaw's fall. Around the 'tea' table sat a bunch of their friends and even Brian's sister drinking tea, all the while at the head of the table Matt sat with Val bouncing up and down on his lap.

"Are they?" Zack started.

"Fucking in the chair?" Brian continued.

"While the rest watch and drink tea?" Zack finished.

The two looked at each other oddly and walked more into the room, by doing so all the table guests turned and looked at them, including Matt.

"Oh I see we have more guests, would you like to take a seat. Oh wait, there is none. Well can I help you at least?" Matt asked as Val still bounced in his lap.

"Um, have you seen Jimmy?" Brian asked monotone voice taking over as he watched Val. Zack hit his arm and Brian snapped out of his drool fest.

"Jimmy? I'm sorry but I don't know a Jimmy. Maybe you could ask the young fellow in the bathroom, he sounds like he's talking to someone in there, maybe that's where your Jimmy is." Matt said with a psychotic smile.

Zacky's eyes widened and he held back his laughter, Matt looked pretty funny when he was all psycho. The two said thanks and headed towards the main floor bathroom. Zack looked at Brian who seemed to be in his own world, "Has it really been that long since you last got laid?"

"Shut up, and it wasn't her that's got me this way." Brian said defensively.

"Well, I'd like to believe you Bri but your newly pitched tent says otherwise." Zack said grinning as he pointed to Brian's crotch area that was now looking like it was going to break from the erection he had.

Brian looked down and Zack assumed if he could blush he would have, but then a smirk rose to Brian's lips, "Well at least I can still get it up even though I'm dead."

Zack rolled his eyes at his friends' dual excitement, but the mood changed back just as quickly as they got to the bathroom door. From inside they heard Jimmy's voice, it sounded like he was talking to himself.

"I want you to hit me as hard as you can. What? Just do it. Are you serious?" They heard Jimmy's voice questioning himself.

"Zack looked over at Brian, "What was he supposed to be for Halloween?"

"Tyler Durden, oh shit he's in the bathroom, there is soap in there!" Brian said panicking.

"Is it made of fat?" Zacky asked confused why Brian was so freaked out.

"Well no, but he might try to bomb the place." Brian said in a very cheesy warning tone.

"Oh shut up, just lock him in or something." 

"I'll do that for ya!" said a cheerful voice from behind them, it was one of the kids from the party who had worn a lame carpenter get up.

The guys looked at each other, then backed up and said, "Go for it."

They decided to go back up stairs and just wait it out, maybe the people who had left would call and let them know what happened. Not that anything could really explain what had happened in the house, not event he guys were sure.

As Zacky sat on the bed he thought back to him and Brian's conversation from earlier. He still couldn't believe Brian sad he was perfect. Did that mean he liked him. Then it got Zacky thinking if he liked hi as well. They were best friends, it wouldn't be surprising I guess. Zacky hadn't actually been with a guy yet at this point, but he had a good idea of what it consisted and needless to say if Brian hadn't of halted his thoughts when he came in with gauze and other supplies he might have had quite the sporting hard on.
