 *****– Damien.

Bending over the counter I suddenly felt his body behind me, so much heat radiated off of him. God he was sexy. Looking over my shoulder I flashed him a shy grin and wiggled my tush a little in his direction. His eyes moved from my ass to my face, his 6'5 frame towering over me as he smiled. Staring into a face I've never seen before my eyes widen in shock. His devilishly handsome face was alight with humor. Moving so his hips were against me I felt the push of his hard cock through his pants. "Do you feel that babe?" He said, his tone low and growly. "That's all for you"

"Damien!" 

Sighing I turned my head at the shrill voice to come face to face with my twin sister, Joanna. Blinking to clear my head of the day dream I was having I stared at her pacing self. She is tall and beautiful. Even though we shared the same womb, her hair was the same glossy brown mine was and her eyes, the same bright green. Sometimes I swear we aren't related. She is head cheerleader in our tiny little school. Popular, with lots of friends. Bubbly and outspoken. Everything I am not. 

"Are you even listening to me?" She stopped in front of me, hands on her hips, glaring.

"Uh.. No sorry sis, I guess I kinda zoned out there" 

"Well damn it Damien if you aren't going to listen how am I ever going to figure out a way to hook up with Keith. He is so hot and I just have to have him."

He smiled and shook his head at his sister. The girl always got who and what she wanted.

"I haven't seen him yet so I can't help you judge him on your "hotness meter", but sis. If you want him go get him. Flip your hair and flash him that grin and I'm sure he will puddle at your feet like all the rest."

"All the rest ay? You make me sound like a slut." 

He chuckled and rolled his eyes at her. "You know what I meant Jo."

She gave him a sweet smile. The genuine smile she rarely showed the rest of the world. Behind her snotty façade there really was a heart of gold.

"Well then little bro I do believe you will be coming with me to Marquee's. Keith's band is playing there tonight and you have to come see how yummy he is."

He sighed and looked down at his shirt, plucking at the hem. "Sis you know I hate going out with you and your friends. They always ignore me and if they aren't, they are calling me their "token gay boy", and asking me if they can borrow my lip gloss."

She sighed. 

"Oh Damien don't be such a drama queen. You know they are only messing with you."

She sat down on the couch next to him and gave him her best pouty face. "Pweeeease bub, pretty pretty pweeeease?"

He smiled and hugged her, knowing this was so going to be a bad idea.

*****

Freshly showered Damien stood in front of the floor length mirror looking at his body. Turning slightly in the mirror he looked at his pale smooth skin. Completely hairless except for the tufts of hair under his arms and around the base of his penis, he wished he was hotter. His stomach was flat with a little bit of definition in them from swimming and running away from bullies at school. At 5'7 he was just barely taller than some of the girls in his class. His 140lbs frame was bullied relentlessly but the girls always called him cute but as Jo's best friend Kayla put so bluntly "His package leaves much to be desired." 

He blushed thinking of the time Kayla walked in on him changing. Looking between his legs he grabbed his penis and gave it a slight stroke. Yeah it wasn't the biggest but he was a grower not a shower and Kayla bursting in on him did nothing to make it stir.

His mind wandered back to his day dream and the stud of a guy in it. He wondered how he knew him. He had never seen his face before. His cock started to harden in his hand and he gave it another short stroke. Before he knew it he was standing tall and proud in the middle of his bedroom when his sister walked in, without knocking. Again!

She stopped in the door way and just stared before bursting into a fit of giggles and plopping down on his bed next to the clothes she had laid out for him to wear.

"I came to see what was taking so long." She said still chuckling. "Well now that I have solved that mystery get your ass dressed. We are going to be late."

Blushing a bright red he turn away from her, mortified and quickly put on the silky pink boxer briefs Jo had got him for their 18th birthday last month. 

"God Jo, learn to knock will ya?" His face still a bright red he wiggled into the black too tight skinny jeans she had picked out for him and the fitted dark green v neck cotton tee that showed off his trimmed little tummy and made his green eyes stand out.

"Well maybe you shouldn't stand in front of your door with your dick in your hand bub." He thought if she smiled any wider her teeth would crack.

"Whatever Jo, let's just go so I can get this other with and come home and curl up with a good book."

As they walked down the stairs she nudged him with her shoulder and grinned. "Well at least now I know my bro is packing a little something something. I guess Kayla was mistaken; you have got to be at least 6.5 or 7 inches. Not the 3 she said she saw."

He groaned "Oh god seriously Jo. We are so not having this conversation." 

The car ride to pick up Jo's friends was pretty quiet until we got to Kayla's house where they were all waiting. Three girls piled into the back seat and the other two went in Kayla's car. Sinking down in his seat he stared out the window, trying to drown out the noise of pointless girly gossip and all the talk about this Keith guy being the best thing since sliced bread.

*****

Marquee's was already packed. Moving through the crowd was like swimming in a sea of bodies. Following the girls they picked a table by the edge of the stage with a reserved sign on it. Leaning down Joanna whispered in his ear "I got it special so that we could have a good view of his sexiness. I would love to walk into school on Monday with him around my arm." She licked her lips and shook her head as if she was clearing the image of him on her out of her head. He laughed at her and ordered a coke from the waitress who floated by.

He watched as the stage was set up and opening band started up. Doing covers of My Chemical Romance. After his third coke and all the giddy talk about Keith's band coming up next he politely excused himself to the rest room. Hurrying to get away from the smell of stale piss and beer he dried his hands on his pants and walked out the door of the bathroom running smack into a wall of a man. Looking at his feet he mumbled his apologies to the man and tried to move out of the way. The man didn't move aside though. Looking up to see his face Damien gasped. The mysterious man from his day dream and wow he was gorgeous. The man reached out with a hand palming his cheek and brushing the hair out of his eyes with his thumb, causing Damien to blush a deep crimson and his whole body to shudder. 

"Easy there." He heard him saying. Standing there they stared deep into each other's eyes. The man drew in a deep breath and smirked, dropping his hand and finally moving aside to let him past. Damien muttered another apology as he ran back to the table, his heart pounding in his chest, his mind racing and pants tented. "Did this gorgeous guy really just touch me, stare into my eyes.. I might be hallucinating." His inner monolog was interrupted by Joanna nudging his shoulder.

"What's wrong bub?" He flashed a smile and shook his head. "Good because Keith's band is coming on. Man I want me some of that!" She pointed non to subtly at the guy walking out on the stage to the front mic. Damien lifted his head to find Keith; Joanna's Keith was the hunk from the bathroom...the guy from his dreams. His mouth gaped open as he just stared at him. Leaning down to whisper in his ear Jo smiled "Isn't he just edible Damien?" Keith smirked as if he could hear what she said. Locking eyes with him he winked and Damien blushed. Jo was beside him fanning herself whispering to her friends. Oh my god he totally just winked at me.

***** – Keith 

Still shaken by his encounter with the guy outside the bathrooms Keith walked out on stage to see the little guy sitting at a table right in front of the stage. He heard the girl next to him whispering about how hot he was but he was more interested in the little guy...Damien is what she called him. He smiled and winked at him as the band started to play their first cover song of the night. 

Every chance he got he would look in Damien's direction and see him blush and look down. Oh such a shy little one he was...and his smell.. oh god the boy smelled divine. Something about his sent did something to him. He knew he had to have him. Not just once but forever. He was going to be his.

After their first set was over he walked to the back, sweating and panting hard. Flagging down a waitress he told her to take another of whatever the boy was drinking to his table. She smiled that giddy little smile all the girls seemed to have around him and did as he asked. He couldn't get the little guy out of his head. He had to go see him 

He wasn't sure what came over him but he took his shirt off as he walked across the stage, baring his chest and stomach, covered in dark hair. 

The stage lights showing off my 8 pack that was nicely chiseled thanks to lifting weights every day with my brothers and I was so honed in on him that I could hear his pulse spike so I know he liked what he saw. Just imagining the bulge in his pants from the intensity of smell of his arousal I groaned inside.

Hopping down off the stage in front of his table I flashed him what I hoped was my best smile. 

"Hey there, how's it going?"

***** – Damien 

I knew this night was going to be crazy and watching Keith sing up on stage, I was already falling for him. This stranger I didn't know. With his dark brown hair, striking silver eyes and the body of a god.

Interrupting his sister's rant on the things she would do to Keith a waitress walked up and placed a fresh icy Cola in front of me. I looked at her and she smiled. 

"It's on the house sweetie. Enjoy." 

"Uh thanks." I smiled and she flittered away to another table. 

Jo didn't miss a step. "Oh my god bro, looks like you have a secret admirer." I blushed "I doubt it's anything like that. She probably brought it to the wrong person."

The girls around the table suddenly went quiet and I looked up to see Keith coming across the stage. His chest bared, and his hair sweaty, brushed away from his eyes. Those penetrating silver eyes were locked on me, as if I was the only person in the world. I wiggled in my seat trying to adjust the erection that would be making an obvious tent in my too tight jeans. I whispered a silent thanks for the table in front of me as Keith hopped down off the stage and walked right up to me. 

"Hey there, how's it going?"

I blushed and smiled as best I could.

"Hey uh.. Keith. I-I'm great thanks for asking, how about you?"

I heard Joanna suck in air beside me when she realized that her Keith was at the table and talking to me.

"Uh this is my sister Jo." 

"Joanna" she corrected me, giving him her best come get me smile. 

"Uh.. Yeah sorry Joanna this is Keith we um, met outside the bathrooms earlier."

Jo stuck out her dainty hand and he gave is a quick shake never taking his eyes off of me.

I knew my face was flushed a bright red when he leaned against the table in front of me. 

"Did you get the drink?"

"Uh.. yeah, yes.. Thank you."

He smiled and I swear my breath stopped short.

"Are you doing anything after the show?"

I stood there in silence just staring until Jo cleared her throat. 

"No we aren't doing anything later. Maybe you wanna go get some coffee or something?" She gave him her best hair flip but he barely glanced at her. Palming my face again he brushed the hair from my eyes with his thumb.

"And are you going to be there?" He asked. His voice a deep, sultry sound that sent shivers down my spine. I nodded my head and he smiled. He leaned down so close to my face I thought he was going to kiss me. Instead he nuzzled his face into my neck, inhaling deeply. I could have sworn I head him purr. "God you smell so fucking good." He whispered in my ear and I shuddered. I head him lick his lips and hesitate as if he was going to say something else but he just stood back and smiled. 

"I have to go back the next set is starting soon, but I'll meet you here when it's over. Wait for me okay?" 

"Okay." I nodded and blushed watching him walk away and hopping back onto the stage. The way his muscles moved made my mind run rampant in all things I would love to see him do.

Suddenly there were fingers snapping in my face and I snapped out of it to see my sister grinning like a fool.

"What?" I asked her as I tried to get one last look of him disappearing behind the stage curtains.

"Well I guess if I can't have him then you should." She smiled her fake smile. "That boy is so hot and he's hot for you bub." She frowned. "It's such a shame he's gay though. I never would have believed it if I hadn't seen it with my own two eyes. He's just too fine to like guys..." 

Kayla was behind her. I heard her mumble something that sounded like "Fucking faggots."

I looked up at her, feeling shocked and hurt. "So I guess only ugly guys like me can be gay?" She started shaking her head.

"I didn't mean it like that Damien. I just meant that it's too bad is all."

"Because god forbid someone actually liked me for once?"

"Well I'm sure lots of guy would like you if you actually got out of the house for once and didn't always have your nose in books. I mean seriously D. You hide yourself in your books and comics and just invite people to make fun of you. Have more self-confidence and maybe you could actually snag this guy. Wouldn't want you to die a lonely virgin now would we?" 

I could feel the silent tears streaming down my face and she just shook her head. 

"God you can be such a sensitive baby sometimes."

I stood up and just walked away from her. I 

couldn't believe she would talk to me like that. I heard her and her friends laughing as I picked my way through the crowd to the back doors. Going outside I sat on the curb and tried to stop sniffling.

***** – Keith

Walking back stage I was grinning like a pup with his first chew toy. I was so in my head that I didn't hear Travis calling me until he put his hand on my shoulder.

"Huh? Oh hey bro what's up?"

Travis looked at me and then smiled. "I would know that look anywhere. That's the look dad used to get when mom was around. You've found her right. Your mate?"

"I uh... " Looking into his eyes, my best friend and my brother I knew I couldn't lie to him. "Yeah I think I found my mate. "

"Sweet! Is she hot? Is she out in the bar? Can I meet her? I can't wait to see the look on Kade and Vaughn's faces when they find out our little bro has found his mate first."

"I uh... Well I'm...I'm sure it's going to be quite the surprise. But please, can we not tell Kade and Vaughn yet.

"Why dude?"

I sighed and slumped against the wall and looked up at the brother I was closest to. We had no secrets.

"Well...it's just that my mate....it's a guy Travis. It's this kid who looks like he's 16. I'm just not ready to deal with the stress of telling Da and the twins."

Travis leaned against the wall looking at me with pity in his eyes.

"Kade is going to freak. I don't think he could handle knowing that not only are you dominant to him and you've met your mate first...but you know how homophobic he is. I still haven't had the balls to come out to Da and the twins..."

He sighed and looked at me with what we have always called his "heart breaker" smile. "On the plus side bro. At least you know he's 18. Our mates don't put out the mating scent until they are of age."

I tried to give him a smile. Well I guess that's one good thing.

"So dish. Is he cute?"

"Well I guess I mean... I've never really been attracted to guys before, but his smell... God his smell is the best thing I've ever scented. After smelling him once I know I could track him across oceans, Trav. It really is true what they say about knowing when you've met your mate. No guess work involved."

With such sensitive hearing I heard Kade and Vaughn coming from the bathrooms before I saw them.

"Hey! Get your lazy asses up. We still have one more set to go."

"Yeah yeah Kade we are moving. Damn can't a guy take a break" I grinned and playfully shoved his arm as he walked past and back onto the stage.

Walking back out onto the stage my eyes went immediately to the table where Damien was sitting, but I knew before I even looked at his table that he wasn't there. I couldn't smell him which worried me. I could hear his sister's friend teasing her about liking a queer. God school is going to be hell on Monday, but I was more worried about where Damien ran off to. Did I scare him away? God I hope not. Maybe he just went to the bathroom.

Suddenly I was getting nudged in the back with a guitar. Shit I missed my que.