 Searching for my credit card I'd dropped when drawing out some money from an ATM machine; I would never have guessed that such an alert, me thinking that someone had picked it up and scarpered, would start off something in my life that was so utterly complete and so wonderfully thrilling.

I felt a sort of nudge behind me as I bent to search for the card, and then someone smoothing my hind. Turning, there was this black guy, gorgeously attired and very smart, with my card in his hand.

"Is this what you are looking for, man?" he asked calmly and I thanked him from the bottom of my heart with that feeling of relief when you suddenly know that something precious to you has been found.

I couldn't thank Sam enough. That was his name, he told me afterwards over coffee in the restaurant nearby, I wanted to thank his for his honestly and great resolve.

"It is nothing, man," he smiled happily and then said; " and anyway how could I miss out on an opportunity like that?"

"Huh?" I enquired inquisitively.

"Well I don't know if you need to hear this but you have a great ass and just that little touch was really something, man!"

The penny dropped and then I knew this guy was gay, but he was a nice gay if you know what I mean, not one of those toilet bashers who had tried to pick me up before. His manner although to the point was likeable and instantly I found myself warming to him.

I told him I am glad I impressed and it sort of came to me that here was a guy I'd always dreamed of. I was sadly lacking sexual pleasures since Danny had given me the push two years ago, and now, there sitting opposite me was hopefully the answer, and all the time running through my head was what they say about black guys, the questions is my mind, was he, is he that good in bed? And all the time I felt my pulse speeding and I guess I must have been flushing too going on to Sam's response.

"Do you take, give or both, man?" he asked calmly. At first I was not sure what he meant but then the way he inserted a finger of his left hand into a hole he had formed with thumb and forefinger in his right hand, I quickly got the message, it made me feel so good and so horny because I was a taker alright, and to feel black cock inside me would be a completely new experience.

I put him straight and he smiled happily, - 'would you like some, man?"

I loved his forthrightness ; "Yes, but where?" I queried.

"Got my mobile caravan on the promenade, I'm down here on vacation, man. Been looking for a nice white guy like you and have come up trumps. Let me tell you I adore white but have never had the pleasure, but this vacation vowed to put that to rights! , have you had black?"

The way he said it was so matter of fact and didn't seem compromising at all, the more we talked the more I took to him - in such a way I was really tempted just to touch that gorgeous lump in his trousers, very smart they were too with creases. He was a dream to behold and walking with him to the mobile home I was beside myself with excitement and anticipation, wondering already just how it would be with this gorgeous and so neat and tidy and clean black guy.

"Just stop a moment" I asked of him, we were near a large tree and no one was around, I went for it and felt him. He chuckled happily saying he could tell I was very keen.

"It feels so good" I had to say squeezing with my hand while he kept a watch for anyone coming up near, he placed his large hand over mine and encouraged the squeeze. I felt it grow straight away. Wow! some cock! "Feels good to me, Sam "I said, reluctant to remove my hand with still the feel of him in my palm.

"Another five minutes and you can feel as much you like, just as long as you let me have that ass afterwards, and plenty I mean plenty of sucking, You ever sucked black cock, man?"

"No but I'd like to, I adore cock sucking.!

I saw the lump in his trousers rise as I said that, I could tell he could hardly wait to get it out, and me thinking I wonder just how big it was, it felt enormous, what a fuck that is going to be, I will need a bit of preparation first, although I have been giving myself lots of vibratory treatment it can never be like real flesh and blood, and never as flexible like the feel of real cock up there, so divine and wanting, I yearned then for black cock.

It seemed like an eternity, although it was just a five minute brisk walk to the park where Sam had his mobile home. But just as soon as we got inside that door there was no time for the usual niceties, we were both in the same frame of mind and almost instantly Sam large hands were squeezing my hind with a great enthusiasm and I simply adored it, and when he removed my jeans, kneeled down before me to push his head into my boxer shorts it felt for all the world the natural thing to do, but it was simply divine to feel his face moving and his big tongue licking me over my boxers.

"You smell good, man and now I want to taste you." 

With that he quickly lipped down my shorts to reveal my half erection which he soon put right when I felt the utter warmth of his mouth encompass me in the flick of an eyelid and I was hard for him, so hard I could feel the throbbing as his busy mouth worked on me, whilst his hands cupped and teased my balls.

Then. most delightful of all, his finger running along the line where my balls end to my lately neglected polo mint ( with the hole in the middle) and already he was rimming me with such a wonderful stimulating touch I felt I already craved for his fuck.. 

He certainly pampered me, all the time whispering just how good it was to be with a white guy, that is was something he had never had before but often thought about.

"I guess you'd like to see me now, man?" he said after a while, my cock numb with his sucking.

"You taste so good, man.. I love your cock and the feel of you. I really want that."

"You got it,. Man1" I replied mimicking the way he talked and he chuckled, and then I said that it would be rather nice to see him.

He just got up from his kneeling position, I could see a huge bulge in his red and black silk briefs as he slid down those expensive trousers, it looked so inviting even before he'd removed his briefs;

"Want a sniff?" he said as he pushed his middle out to me.

Now was the time to really experience a black guy to the fore and even before I knew it, I was down on my knees doing what he had done to me, this sniffing thing was new to me and yet it felt so good just to instinctively roll my face around that wonderful flexible bulge and smell his sex. But I still had the real thrill to come when after I'd felt him again, he slipped his briefs down. Lifting each knee, one at a time to give me the most wonderful view of his spanking balls and enormous prick as he wanted me to call it and already, as I placed my hand around its strong girth and felt the very strong pulse pumping through, all the while as I licked his length, more than eight inches in all, it musts have been, I was thinking just how this beautiful sample of black prick would serve me, but I knew by Sam's prompting it would not be long, that he would have me ass over head to give me the most wonderful black fuck that made all the other fucks I had endured like nothing in comparison.

"Suck it good, man and don't forget the japeye!"

I sucked as deep as I could and teased the eye with the tip of my tongue giving Sam eruct ions as he moaned not to stop. I had never ever seen such a big one and it literally took two hands to encompass it, its huge bulbous knob pouting up to me as if asking for more deep and prolonged sucking which I was so glad to give, to feel it deep and moving in my mouth , stretching my cheeks and all the time, Max really going to town with polo mint giving it lots of real wonderful and teasing finger massage with lots of spit and lube, feeling his finger explore deeper and then two fingers, gradually stretching me for the big finish, to give me the mother of fucks.

"You are absolutely beautiful Sam, I am so pleased to have met you."

"You will be even more please after I have fucked you, fucked you until you are numb, you are certainly in for some deep fucking, with an ass like that, where have you been hiding all my life, now bend over and let me get a real good viewing..."

I felt a sort of urgency in his voice and demanding also which I liked.

"How would you like me Sam?"

He pointed to the back of the sofa; "Get yourself across there and it will be just right for me."

I had such a wonderful warm feeling, I guess it was just being so wanting and giving to this remarkable new presence in my life, he was such a nice guy with those riveting brown eyes and the feel of his touch already had sent me into another world, now just to think I was about to receive his fuck in the most delightful and sexual way, just bending over for him and presenting my ass for his pleasure was really something to be enjoyed.

"You are beautiful, man," he whispered stretching my cheeks wide, I could feel his hot breath between my outstretched cheeks and the wonderful feel of what I knew to be his tongue starting to suck me up there, inserting it deep into me was such a thrill as he tampered with my balls and it made me feel so divine and hungry for his deep fuck.

"Be patient man!" he said as I urged him to fuck me now. "I need to enjoy you like this a little bit more and then you will get my prick inside you, no problem man!"

Sam was his own man I could tell and would not be rushed, me with my head hung down, my face 0ressessd into the cushion where Sam had just been sitting before, I closed my eyes and savoured the minutes he licked and felt me, sometimes the occasional firm slap to give me that feeling of subservience I wanted so much, like he was the master and I the servant, being of service to his deeper most desires.

With Polo Mont well seen to, stretched and lubricated he said it was time for flicking. Next thing his hard cock was coaxing me to move with him, his firm hands gripping my thighs, prompting me to sway from side to side as he started to press his bulk into me.

I held my breath, gritted my teeth, knowing just how big Sam was, that he would get that inside me. Well a little prompting and stretching I did feel it start to wonderfully slip inside me like it belonged up there, and then I relished the feel of its throb and the gentle at first thrusting starting to give me the ultimate fucking.

From then afterwards I was putty in his hands and his fuck was all I could have ever dreamed about. His movement, his rhythm was so lovely and stimulating as he fucked me across the settee, then over the edge of the table, then on my back, urging me to encompass his broad back with my legs as he fucked me deep, then more licking and sucking, mutual now as we had both cum, just the sensation of our combined smell and taste was the most intimate thing we could have shared, and I tell you, a black man's fuck is the very best of all!