 My black lover has an ashy-looking, grey film streaked and splotched on his body. So when we get together for sex I smooth baby oil all over his body - on his face, neck, shoulders, arms, chest, stomach, legs, the front and back of them, on his back, firm buttocks, in his crack. I wipe it down with a soft hand towel. Then he sheens, his black skin glistening, big cock up hard, leaking lots of pre-cum.

Since he is so ready he wastes little time with me. He wants me to kiss, lick, suck his nipples; kiss down his chest onto his abs, tongue his navel; kiss, lick, mouth his ball sack; kiss, lick his butt cheeks, lick his crack and rim his puckered hole; come back up and kiss, lick, suck his cock, take it in my mouth.

Once he has his cock in my mouth he fucks my face. He holds me gently by the back of my head, on my neck, and pushes his cock slowly, slowly, deep into my throat. He can sense when he has cut off my air and I am about to gag, choke on the big head of his thick meat. He can even see it bulging in my neck. He eases it back across my tongue, lips, and slides it back into my throat again, again, again. Over and over he fucks my mouth. His slimy, tasty pre-cum, slick juice mixes with my saliva to lube his big, long, thick cock. I drool onto his cock, wiry pubic hairs, over his ball sack.

Some times when he is really horny, has not cum for a while, he shoots his thick, creamy, hot, white bolts of cum into my mouth. I gulp it down, swallowing. Hold some on my tongue, show it to him, smiling - both of us - and swallow, then show him my empty mouth. I clean his cock with my lips and tongue, get it hard again. Then he pushes me onto my back, opens my legs, spreads them wide and puts his big knob end at my crinkled hole. Or he rolls me over onto my knees, ass up high, chest down, face sideways, mouth still tasting his pre- cum or it and his load of cum.

Either way he forces his big cock into my puckered ring, ovals it, and slides it slowly up into my tight hole. He keeps pushing until it is seated all the way, his balls pressed against me. He pulls back slowly, oh so slowly flaring the flesh of my hole stretched around his big fuck tool until just the head is still in me. Then, grinning at me as I smile back at him in ecstatic pleasure, or leaning over me and kissing, nibbling at the back of my neck, on my shoulders, he pushes his long, thick cock back into me.

He is aggressive with me. In just a few strokes he is pummeling my ass, pounding his cock into me. My little prick in comparison with his cock is bouncing up and down slinging my pre-cum then a steady stream of cum on me and him. As I shoot bolts of cum on my belly and chest if I am on my back, or onto whatever surface is beneath us when I am on my knees, my ass-pussy clutches at his cock, releases, clutches, releases, clutches again with each shot of my cum.

He loves that. He pushes his cock deep in me and holds it there feeling my man-cunt flex on his stiff rod. Sometimes he fills me right away then with his large load of creamy cum, his cock growing even larger, throbbing, jerking and spurting his jism into me. Other times he rides out the flexing of my ass-twat on his big member. Then he fucks me more, slow, speeding up until he is slamming into me again and eventually filling my insides with his hot jizz.

He stays hard for quite a while then and fucks his cock into me in his own cum, forcing it out of my hole with sloppy, squishy sounds. I feel it burbling out of me, spraying around and sliding down the crack of my ass and onto my thighs. 

When his cock-head starts tingling as he has told me it does, he pulls it out of my with a juicy plop and positions me as he wants me to kiss, lick and suck his cock clean. He swipes my cum up on his fingers and feeds it to me, making sure I show it to him and swallow it. 

He stays about half hard. Gets even harder, then fucks me again. He usually takes my ass three or four times every time we are together. I can never get enough of his cock. Knowing that, he offers me to a friend of his, sometimes two, three or four of them.

After his first fuck in my hole it is gaping wide and reluctant to close. Seeing it in that condition, he shoves his cock in me, pulls it all the way out, puts it in again, and repeats that as I squeal in delight at each entry. His buddy, or buddies when he invites them to fuck me either do the same, or simply stick their cocks in me, get down tight against me and in me, and fuck me like the cock-whore that I am.

He always fucks me again after his buddy, or more of them have done me. Then he swabs the cum out of my hole and has me lick and suck it off his fingers. Sometimes he lets me lay most of the night with a man-cunt full of cum. We sleep, the cum oozing out of my hole. Then he mounts me again, his cock in my mouth, or he shoves it right up my ass and gives me another load before we have to go to work. 

The weekends are best. From Friday night until Sunday he uses me with his cock or shares me with his buddies. By Sunday evening I am exhausted. I douche my hole, shower and dress for work sometimes wearing a pad so the cum shot way up in me doesn't leak out of me into my underwear.

I know since he really loves fucking me we will be together again soon, me cleaning the ashy, grey streaks and splotches off of his ebony body with the baby oil, wiping him down with the soft hand towel and him giving me his big cock so erect and oozing pre-cum by the time we finish that ritual.

I love it, and he does too.