 Nearly a week had passed since the night Bruce had fucked Benji. It had been a night of passionate, hot sex as Benji had been broken down completely and his wanton desires had been revealed. Though he did not mind the fact that one of his rather perverse faults had been revealed, he did mind that it had seemed more and more like he had allowed himself to be broken down in vain. Brian knew that Benji loved the dick, but he had not called again. This annoyed Benji as he had been eagerly anticipating another such night. He had spent much time masturbating, jacking off his dick and fingering his ass to thoughts of what that night might be like and now he was craving the real thing and another night alone was not going to do. He had tried to go to Bruce's room at night, but had usually always found people there and when he had come back later Bruce was asleep and his door locked from the inside. The two didn't see each other much at school as they didn't share any classes and so it was mostly at hostel that they could see each other, but Bruce had always had other people around him, being so damn popular. Whenever Benji went over to speak to him during lunch, Bruce had people talking to him. After lunch, again people talking to him. After that, rugby practice for Bruce and Benji had to go to hockey practice himself. After that, people again. During dinner, during breaks between study sessions, in his room late at night, always people. Benji's lust for sex was driving him near mad as he began to fear that Bruce was just not going to fuck him again. It certainly did seem like he was being avoided for some reason. He tried sending Bruce a text message via his mobile phone that they should talk, but got no reply. He then confronted Bruce during lunch. He walked over to his table, as he was talking to Sisco, the fullback on Bruce's rugby team, about whether he had got his text, trying to appear as casual as possible, while not seeming too mysterious, as he asked Bruce what he thought about the text he got. Of course Benji noticed Sisco's curious frown the moment he asked Bruce this.

" What's good cuz! Oh yeah, I got your text man. Sorry I didn't reply I didn't have any moneys on my phone, you know how it is," Bruce said, cracking up and being jovial. 

Brian pretended to laugh," Yeah sure what ever man."

"What did you want to talk about anyways?" Bruce asked him casually.

Benji didn't reply. He froze for a moment, mixed emotions clouding his mind as he became aware that Bruce had challenged him. Was he serious? How could he ask him that? What if he did reply and say exactly what he wanted to talk about? Benji was no coward; he had a very good impulse to just say it right then and there. About them, about how they had fucked, that they had made love and had no less than gay sex. In front of all guys Benji would say it, regardless of the fact that his own reputation would be ruined, he would also sabotage Bruce's since he had been so fucking stubborn and refused to talk to him. But then suddenly he remembered himself... the night Bruce had fucked him, how he had pretty much begged for the dick and degraded himself. If Bruce was going to tell people that Benji had been so wanton and slutty, more damage would be done onto his reputation than Bruce's. Damn! This was unfair.

"Don't worry about it. I'll talk to you later about it," Benji surrendered, deciding its better not to ask.  

Bruce laughed at something Sisco had said. He turned to Benji," Hmm? Okay man, whatever. Talk to you later."

Of course he didn't see Benji 's face go mad with fury at this rebuke. But mad with fury it did get. Benji couldn't believe this, he wasn't just some average guy on the street, he was a damn good looking piece of ass and he had just been turned down by an alpha, red blooded male. How the fuck did that happen?

"Okay Bruce, don't worry too much about it. More power to you then. Enjoy your lunch," Benji said and walked away, not caring that Bruce had barely shown registry of his comment.

"Fuck him", he said under his breath as he walked away." I don't need his ass."

The following night, Benji had just finished his homework and was lying in bed reading and waiting to fall asleep, when a knock on the door happened to disturb him. 

"Come in," he said, wondering who it was this late.

To his surprise, it was one of the juniors, having been sent on an errand.

"What is it?" Benji asked him.

"Um sorry to disturb you Benji, but um Bruce said that he wants to talk to you?" the young kid told him.

"Oh? Where's he at?" asked Benji, as he tried to suppress his excitement.

"He's in his room."

"So why the fuck doesn't he come here then?" he asked the junior an obviously rhetoric question.

The kid looked a little confused and tried to think of an answer. "Um... I don't know," he said.

Benji climbed out of his bed and put shorts on (he usually slept in his boxers).

"Okay thanks kid, go to fucking bed now," Benji said as he tried to sound a little tough.

"Yes Benji," and the junior was out.

Minutes later, it was Benji knocking on Bruce's door. He had tried to stop thinking about the stud who had fucked him so well, and had for the most part succeeded, but now being summoned, he had no choice really but to see what was the going to happen between the two.

"Come in," Bruce's husky voice said.

Benji stepped in the room and was a little amazed to find Bruce the only one in it, for a change. He was sitting on his desk, his reading light on and soft RnB music playing in the background. He was wearing tracksuits pants but his chest was bare, the sight of which made Benji lick his lips. It looked like his pecks had grown a little since he last saw them.

"Oh hey Benji, how you doing man?" he asked, pretending a lot like he wasn't expecting him for some reason. HE turned in his chair to face him, making Benji think he looked like a big time boss about to fire an employee.

"How I am doing? I am fucking peachy. Why the hell have you been avoiding me?" Benji asked him, trying not to sound too angry. He really wanted to burst at his friend for having been such a dick and refusing to talk to him.

"Avoiding you? I haven't been avoiding you Benji. I just needed some time to think."

"About what?" Benji asked, not realising that Bruce seemed more pacified and serious than usual. It certainly was not the same asshole jock that Benji had tried to speak to the day before at lunch.

"About what? Well for starters, us fucking." Bruce said.

Benji calmed down a little," Oh you have? What-What did you decide?" he asked, stuttering for some stupid reason. 

"I decided that what we... we shouldn't do that again, I think." Bruce said sombrely, his voice steady as he said this and his eyes dead set and fixed.

Benji on the other hand, tried not to break into a crying plea," You think? What does that mean?" 

"Look man, what we did, it was good but it wasn't right." Bruce said.

Benji opened his mouth in surprise," Yeah but it was good!"

"It was just sex god damn it."

"Just sex? It was fucking great sex Bru."

"Yeah? Well it was also psychologically affecting." Bruce said, suddenly feigning a bit of emotion.

Benji stared at him a little without speaking. This was a little unexpected. He didn't expect Bruce to be feeling remorse for having had sex with someone.

"So you're telling me you feel bad? Why?"

"I don't feel bad. I just feel that it's weird, a little. It's something I am going to have to get a little used to. Won't be so easy, I may need to see the motivation behind it and shit," Bruce said, his eyes staring straight at Benji like he was playing poker.

"Motivation? What do you mean?" Benji said, very puzzled.

"I mean if I am going to be doing something that's going to affect me so much I need to know I am getting something in return."

"What do you mean by that, you get to fuck me!" Benji said, playing his best card and hoping it paid off. It didn't. Bruce laughed in response.

"Dude, come on, it's me. I can get sex so often it's not even funny. I don't need you for that. There's a whole load of girls who I can easily have sex with and I don't even have to struggle to look for them," Bruce said, still laughing much to Benji's chagrin.

"Okay fine Bruce, you win, I don't want to beg you so unless you tell me what it is, we can't get past this." Benji said, feeling like he had just lost a little more. He wasn't reassured when Bruce smiled that sexy, naughty grin that was not too unfamiliar.

"Okay, there's something I need to ask you. You need to do someone a favour," Bruce said, suddenly dropping the grin that Benji would soon associate it with danger. 

" Who?"

"Sisco. He's in your physics class, right?"

"Sisco? Yeah sure, why? What does he have to do with this?" asked Benji, wondering when this pantomime was going to end.

"Next time you choose lab partners, I want you to choose him."

"You want me to be lab partners with Sisco? Why? He's not very good at physics."

"Yeah I know that much, but I want to you to help him with his physics, since you are so good at it. You see he's too proud to ask you to help and he will be just as annoyed if you come up to him and offer to help him. Start off with lab partners, then help him with homework and shit, maybe even tutor him. Who knows... just as long as he gets a C at the end of the year. He wants to study engineering next year. But make it very subtle, don't let him suspect that someone put you up to it."

"What? Is that it?"

"Yeah that's it," Bruce said, innocently.

Benji frowned a little. Lab partners with Sisco? That would mean that Benji would do all the work, but why the hell not. It seemed like a good deal. Actually it seemed like too good a deal, too easy as explaining physics to Sisco was not going to be difficult at all. 

"Okay I am in, that sounds like a fair deal. We have a lab session tomorrow, I'll pick him but not look like I am trying. He usually gets picked last for labs so I'll come in a little late."

"Excellent, I knew I could count on you," Bruce said, smiling again.

"Sure thing... and what about us?" Benji asked.

In response Bruce spread his legs, put his hand in his boxers and pulled out his cock. 

"Lock the door behind you," he said," I suddenly feel a little less bad about this."

Benji paused for a second to admire the massive snake that had appeared as if from another world, in the crotch of Benji's spread legs. Without muttering a word, he got up and locked the door. Seconds later, he had his weight supported by his hands placed on the arms of the chair, leaning in he kissed Bruce. His kiss was initially unrequited, finding Bruce do nothing with his lips as he was receiving Benji's tender lips, but then Bruce started to respond and soon the boys were French kissing in abandon. Benji shifted his weight gradually and soon was on his knees, their kiss broken. Instead he was kissing his pecks and nipples, teething on the soft flesh sticking out until they were erect. Bruce put his hands on Benji's head and moaned at the sensual treatment he was getting. He got his six pack kissed next as the tense muscles were licked as Benji made his way down towards the star prize. 

Bruce's dick was already semi-hard, lying on top of his pants idly; Benji picked it up with one hand and got on his knees. He took a while to look at it, admiring it for its beauty and ruggedness, much like its owner. He kissed the tip and licked the head a little with his tongue, making Bruce moan in delight, and then he swallowed the head. Within seconds, the phallus reclaimed its maximum ass fucking size. Benji swallowed more and more as he was reminded once again why he loved so much to be in this position. The taste and smell of strong sex was heavy in his mouth and nose and those sensations began to float onto his mind and make him feel like he was being drugged with lust. With his tongue he felt every bit of the fleshy rod he could. The veins and arteries, the curve of the head and the spot underneath the head and the piss slit. He was exploring that dick like he was aconquistador looking for gold. Soon he began bobbing his head up and down the shaft, making suction noises and slurping and salivating heavily. He pulled out, took a good look at it and at Bruce who had his head back in pleasure, then put it back in his head and sucked on it until it entered the depths of his mouths and beyond in the depths of his throat. Being deep throated was no new experience for Bruce, but every time he got it done to him, he felt like it was the first time, especially when the cocksucker knew what he or she was doing. In this case, Benji was deep throating the phallus like a veteran porn star. Benji had warmed up his throat a little before had tried to swallow the whole thing in one go, allowing his throat muscles to expand a little and get used to being stuffed. With the thing buried deep in his mouth, he began bob and slurp on it more, causing intense the warmth and moisture and Bruce equally intense arousal.

"Ooh yeah suck that shit," Bruce cheered him on, feeling the build up of pleasure in his balls and sensing the ceaseless release of pre-cum that leaked into Benji's mouth. Benji didn't need much encouragement as once he had found his niche, he used his skills to suck the dick closer and closer to the edge. He palmed and tugged at his own crotch, slowly jerking his own dick. He would occasionally put a couple of fingers to his asshole, touching it as his butt was spread eagle.

Bruce's legs began to buck uncontrollably and he felt his ass clench uncontrollably. Benji continued to slurp and suck on the dick without missing a beat, his lips often touching the hair that stood at the base of Bruce's dick. With one of his free hands, he was not neglecting the balls, as his hand massaged the testis with precision like he was a nurse trying to spot testicular cancer. He pulled out and suck on the balls a little, making Bruce's mouth gape open in pleasure, before he put the dick back in his mouth and continued sucking.

Within seconds, Bruce was groaning in ecstasy as his dick began to shoot it's load.

"Aww fuck! Yeaaaah, fuck! Shit!" Bruce swore as he came, his cock spilling loads of hot cum into Benji's mouth, who had brought his head up so that most of the cum landed on his tongue, where he could taste and saviour the nutt completely. He loved the taste of the hot liquid filling his mouth, the strong and masculine scent and taste of warm man juice. He sucked and licked the head with enthusiasm, milking every drop of Bruce's cock.

"Mmmm," moaned Benji hotly as his mouth was filled. He swallowed Bruce's oozing nutt, licked the head clean and smacked his lips.

"Damn! You some kind of freak," Bruce said, smiling down at his lover and making him blush and smile in embarrassment, but not denial. 

"What can I say? I love sex. It's been a while." Benji said as he admitted the truth and kissed Bruce's 11 inch pipe, which was starting to soften as it had been drained.

Benji continued to suck it however, wanting it to get hard again so that he could suck more from it. Bruce moaned as administered new pleasure to his phallus. But he knew that Benji would have to do more to get him hard quickly. 

"Lick my balls," he whispered and immedietly felt Benji's hot breath smothering his nuts. Benji tongued and sucked on Bruce's testicles and tugged at his pants until they were round his ankles. With the other hand he jacked Bruce's dick steadily. He found it wasn't rising fast enough, so he decided it was time for drastic measures. Using both his hands, he lifted Bruce's hips and raised his ass above his head. Bruce was a little surprised by this action but didn't say anything. He watched and felt as Benji kissed and tongued his prostate and then as he began to lick further and further south, and tonguing licking his ass and hole. Benji loved the musky scent, mixed with the smell of fresh soap that came from the only slightly haired buns and asshole that Bruce had. Using his tonguing as a poker, he tapped on Bruce's pucker. Bruce was loving this new sensation, usually given to him only by some girls freaky enough to do it, not boys as he was usually the giver of anal pleasure. He had never had anything up his anus and this strange new feeling of Benji's hot tongue licking it was a gem. But he had to maintain authority or he would seem less like a top. It wasn't hard to convince Benji otherwise though, Bruce's dick was now as hard as a staff.

"Suck the dick, suck the dick," commanded Bruce before his pleasure got too intense. Benji did not protest and his lips were soon wrapped around the massive wood.

After a couple of minutes of sucking and getting it wet, Bruce raised Benji up and told him to place his hands on the desk and stick his ass out. Benji stood up, placed his hands on the desk and spread his ass as wide as possible and bent over, his ass protruding out like a sore thumb. Seconds later he felt it being eaten as Bruce returned the favour. He licked and sucked on Benji's tight boy pussy, touching its owners back, booty and thighs and legs with passion. After having fingered and eaten the boy hole, Bruce was pressing his dick, hard as steel, against it.

"Awwww shiit!" Benji moaned as he felt his tight sphincter being pried open as his cavity was being filled. It wasn't too long before Bruce had his entire dick all the way in Benji ass. He began to roll his hips, smacking his ass playfully as he fucked it. Benji moaned in pleasure as he felt his boy pussy adjust to the invasion it was receiving and the sensation he was getting as his erogenous zones were assaulted with every stroke and plunge that Bruce made with his big black dick into his sweet innerness. 

"Take it. That shit!" Commanded Bruce as he slapped Benji's thick booty," Give me that ass boy."

Benji moaned more and moaned more, loving the way he could feel pleasure all the way up his balls just from being fucked in the ass." Fuck me daddy! Fuck me!" he shouted eagerly.

Bruce rolled his hips faster, his thrusts picked up pace and he was soon reaching speeds that made Benji's body shake and the desk he was holding on to for dear life clatter and rumble.

"Yeah take that dick, you like me fucking your pussy?" taunted Bruce as his dick punched holes in Benji ass, slapping the cheeks.

"Yeah Bru, yeah baby. Fuck my ass," Benji moaned as he was being tormented.

"No Benji. I think you mean pussy. Do you like me fucking your pussy?" Bruce asked again, this time leaning forward as his thrusts increased in force.

"Yeah baby, my pussy. Fuck my pussy," moaned Benji as he felt the increased pressure.

"That's right baby. Don't you forget it either, this my pussy," Bruce taunted him further as his thrusts did not cease to ravage Benji's booty," It's my pussy. My booty too. Its like prison you see. You're my bitch now and I get to fuck you whenever I want to."

Benji couldn't believe what he was hearing, but somehow, as if not through his own will, he heard himself agreeing. 

"Yeah Bruce, it's your pussy and I'm your bitch."

Bruce smiled. He was getting near the edge again, his body dripping sweat as he doggy styled his friend. "That's right bitch! Take the dick!" he shouted as he fucked Benji silly.

Benji was floating somewhere on cloud nine. His mind was reeling with arousal as he fisted and jacked his dick, his head dropped below his shoulders from where he could Bruce's dick tear into his ass. He imagined he really was in prison and Bruce was one of the big dogs there, now butt- fucking his boy Benji, a young offender now made his bithc. He couldn't believe how much that thought aroused him. He jacked his dick continuously, till he felt the unmistakable feeling of cum approaching. His orgasm was intense. He felt and saw his dick shoot streams of spunk out and his ass lips contract and expand round the shaft that was keeping it open for business.
