 As Benji had an understanding with Bruce, he had to become Sisco's lab partner. Just after break one day, he rushed back to class after having spent the last ten minutes on his knees and his mouth full of Bruce's dick. He walked in the class with everybody already sat, hoping a little nervously that no one could tell that he had just been busy giving someone fellatio. He sat next to Michael and Leo, his two oldest friends at that school and talked with them for a bit. Soon the teacher came in and the class fell quiet and got their books out. Benji turned around and looked at Sisco. He was seated at the back of the class with some of the rugby boys. He needed to pair himself up with him yet not make it too obvious he was doing it for any particular reason. The teacher began talking to the class. Before the end of the lecture, he had demonstrated an experiment and required everyone to pair up to write the lab report. At the end of the class, people began to pair up. Benji quickly walked over to Sisco, not without the annoying interruption first though.

"Benji you want pair up?" someone asked him. He declined and carried on walking towards where Sisco was still seated.

"Hey man you want to pair up?" Benji asked him.

"Me?" Sisco asked, no doubt surprised that he would be chosen by someone who actually knew a good deal about physics," you want to do it with me?"

"Um yeah. Micheal and Leo are paired up and Vince isn't here today, he's usually my partner."

"Sure. No problem. When do you want to start?" Sisco asked. It looked like he had bought the offer without thinking it was anything else but a gesture.

"Tonight, I want to try and get it done before the end of the weekend." Benji reasoned.

"Okay man, see you tonight. My room or yours?"

"Mine. I got to run to my next class, talk to you later buddy."

Later that day, they started the report. Benji hadn't realised how much of a challenge it was going to be. Sisco didn't know nearly as much as he should have. Benji had to explain a lot of concepts that should have been known to him already. They spent a good three hours with Benji doing most of the talking and still they hadn't finished. But at least by the end of the night, Benji was sure that the next session Sisco would be more clued as he just been tutored a lot of physics.

As it was the boys couldn't meet again until the weekend. On Saturday morning, most of the school travelled to Durban to play sports against one of the rival schools there, Prince Albert Boys College. By the end of the afternoon, the games had finished and the boys were already on the way back, tired and spent from the busy day of sports. The first's rugby team had won, a match where Sisco and Bruce had scored a try each. Benji played for the first hockey team and they had won as well. So while everyone one was tired, it was a successful trip.

Benji had approached Sisco after the match and asked him if he wanted to do some of the report that night, so that they could finish it before Sunday. Sisco reluctantly agreed, holding his shoulder in a way that told Benji he was injured.

He told him that if he wasn't feeling well later, it wouldn't be a problem and that he could do most of it on his own. Sisco said that would be fine. 

Later that day, Benji was walking in the hostel when SIsco walked past him, with just a towel on.

"Hey Benji, I feel a little better. How about we start on the report soon?" he said.

"Yes sure, no problem. Do you want to come over to my room after you take a shower?" he asked.

"Actually, let's do it in my room." Sisco said without really explaining why but Benji agreed." Okay cool, wait for me there."

Benji went over to his room, got the books and resources he would need and made his way over to Sisco's room on the side of the hostel. He had always liked Sisco's room, it was small yet comfortable and he had made good use of lighting by having two desk lamps and one which he draped a cloth over to give the room a red tint whenever it was on. Benji found this created a sexy mood in the room and he began to wonder how many girls had succumbed to Sisco's seduction in this room. Thinking of this made him a little horny... he began to long for Bruce again. He felt a little annoyed that Bruce had decided to stay in Durban after the match, since he lived there, he had gone home for the weekend. But there wasn't anything that Benji could do about that so he knew that later on he would just have to jack off.

Sisco came back after a while, bursting in and disrupting Benji's thoughts. He was still wearing only his towel but as he closed the door, the towel dropped and he stood there fully naked, his cock dangling a little. Benji had seen him naked many times before, in the showers and changing rooms, but this was the first time he truly began to lust for him. The light in the room shone on Sisco's dark body and made it look bronze. Sisco walked over to his closet and turned around, showing his perfect ass and back. Benji stared at this for as long as Sisco's back was towards him, feeling great excitement from the unquestionable wrong it was to lust after his friend. He was technically with Bruce, lusting after Sisqo would be a step too far.

Sisco was spending an awfully long time in the wardrobe, he seemed to be looking for something whilst he had stood butt as naked in front of Benji, causing his friend further discomfort. He got out some lotion and began to apply it on his body, massaging the oil into his skin and muscles. He spent a long time rubbing his shoulder, which was still sore from the rugby game earlier that day.

"Damn, my shoulder hurts like a bitch," he said softly, breaking Benji from his voyeur session.

"Hmm? What's up with it?" Benji asked, trying to sound concerned.

"I think I bruised a muscle or something, could your put some deep heat on it? I can't reach behind my shoulder where the pain is," Sisco said.

Benji got up and went over and stood behind the naked body. Sisco handed him a tub deep heat and with his hand twisted behind his back, he pointed to where he wanted it to be applied.

"Aren't you going to put some clothes first?" Benji asked.

"Nah, I need you to put the deep heat in first, or it will all get in my clothes," Sisco said," besides, it's nothing you haven't seen before."

Benji's frowned at that comment. Was that flirting? He didn't want to find out. His hands shook a little as he squeezed a bit of lotion into his hand and began to massage into Sisco's back, making his friend moan a little as he was being tendered.

"Yeah that's it Benji, good job man," Sisco said as he was being relieved of the tension in his back. Benji finished, gave the deep heat back to him and went over to the desk and sat down again.

"We really need to get this report finished," he said, his head still full of the strong smell of deep heat," we have to hand it in on Monday and..." he didn't finish.

Sisco had turned around and Benji saw his dick, now a raging hard on. His mouth opened agape without his will as he saw the sheer furious size of Sisco's dick, all ten inches.

He smiled unashamedly," maybe that's something you've never seen before."

Benji looked at him," What the hell man?"

"Sorry yo, massages tend to do that to me. You got such a nice touch it felt like I was being massaged by a chick, it'll go down in a bit."

He said this but still didn't put clothes back on. He went over to Benji, his dick leading the way as it protruded from his crotch like a spear, casting a shadow on the well in the dimly lit room.

Benji was trying to figure out what the hell was going.

"Sisco do you mind putting some drawers on something," he smiled, a little embarrassed.

Sisco walked up to him, his dick now only inches away from Benji," Sure, that is if you want me to?"

"What?" Benji thought he hadn't heard right. But he had and next thing he saw was Sisco grab his dick and raise it in a provocative manner.

"We both know why you asked me to be your partner, so let's cut the bullshit," he said, shocking Benji.

"I-I- dont't know what the hell you're talking about but-"

"Shh. Just go with it yo," Sisco said and put his hand on Benji's face and pushed his dick closer to it.

Benji didn't realise it at first, but the next that happened was that Sisco's dick was just an inch away from his face and he could smell the strong scent of sex it gave of. Without thinking too much, he leaned in and kissed the tip. His reaction was automatic. He didn't have control over what happened next. Just as much as he didn't want it to happen, he couldn't stop it from happening.

"Shit!" he thought to himself, whilst swallowing the tip of the dick that was in front of him, putting his left hand on the shaft and stroking it lightly. His right hand he put in his pants and began to massage his dick, which was no surprise, already hard.

He couldn't believe he was doing this with Sisco. He never would have guessed he was anything but straight... but then again the same could have been said for Bruce, who was just as straight acting and masculine as Sisco. The truth was Benji had at times lusted after Sisco, the guy was one of the hottest in the school. Tall and dark, with muscles ripped and toned and good looks, he was the perfect model and had a career no doubt in rugby after wards. Benji would happily allow himself to be fucked by him- if it wasn't for Bruce. But Bruce wasn't here. And they relationship, if you call it that, was certainly not mutually exclusive from Bruce's side. He still fucked girls on a regular occasion and wasn't shy about it either. So this was perhaps payback, Benji thought.

He swallowed more dick and soon he was half way past the shaft. Slobbering and stroking on it, he decided that he would give Sisco the best blow job ever. He began to pump his head on the dick, bobbing with increasing speed and licking and sucking the head and shaft. Sisco wasn't being disappointed either, he was moaning and loving every second of this: but who wouldn't? Benji was one sexy boy and he knew how to suck a dick. Without being told how to do anything, he took charge. He sucked and licked the skin, he let his tongue run down the shaft and follow the veins all the way to the tip, he cradled the balls and sucked and licked them till they were dripping with spit. Doing this for several minutes was making Sisco grunt like an animal, he decided to take charge and when his dick was inside Benji's mouth, he pushed in with his hips and found to his pleasure Benji offer no resistance. He must have guessed that Benji had done this before because he was allowing that shaft to enter all the way. Soon Benji's face was in Sisco's pubic region and the entire dick was throated successfully. Using this technique, he breathed out of his nose and slobbered and spat on the dick, knowing that his mouth was giving Sisco's dick every inch of pleasure.

He pulled out at last and licked his lips in satisfaction. A drop of precum and spit had formed at the tip of Sisco's dick and he bent in again and swallowed the juice there. He wanted to swallow the whole dick again, but instead Sisco grabbed his head, put one leg on the chair he was sitting on began humping in and out of his mouth.

"Yeah take it!" he shouted as he fucked Benji's mouth. Benji complied eagerly and moaned as his face was being ridden. He tried to drop his gaze but Sisco's pushed his head back.

"Look at me son, look at me fuck your face!" he demaned and Benji did, looking at him with those green innocent eyes. "Yeah son! I am going to treat you like a ho, fuck your pretty boy face with my cum," he taunted as he brutally rammed his dick in and out of Benji's face.

Benji listened to what Sisco was saying but all he could do was moan and feel his dick grow harder, shocked in disbelief as to how far he had gone. First Bruce now Sisco too? Damn! He realised then that he was truly submissive, that he loved being in this position, being used and treated like a ho.

"Fuck! Oh yeah! Shit!" Sisco shouted as he came all over Benji's mouth and face, leaving a huge mess of spunk all over his good looks.

Benji moaned as he so did, then swallowed the head to suck of the last bit of cum. 

"Mmmm... you like that shit, don't you?" Sisco asked as he smeared some cum and spit from Benji's cheeks and fed into his mouth.

"Hell yeah," the bottom said and sucked on Sisco's juicy finger. 

Sisco smiled," Good. I'm glad you do. 'Cos you know I got a lot more in store for you."

Benji wanted to ask what he meant, but he didn't need to because Sisco pulled him up by the arm and guided him to bend over the desk, ass sticking out. He pulled his pants down, then his boxers, revealing Benji's sexy, caramel colored bubble butt.

"Shit, I've always know you were packing a lot, didn't know how much till I was this close though," Sisco teased, rubbing and squeezing Benji's ass, like he was a master chef preparing pizza dough.

Benji moaned a lot, he loved the feel of Sisco's hard hands kneading and groping his ass.

"Bend over some more," Sisco commanded and Benji complied, bending his back even further so that his chest was nearly touching the desk.

Sisco spread his ass cheeks. He loved Benji's ass, it's little hair, big yet firm built. Spreading Benji's ass as far wide as possible, he pressed his fingers into Benji's hole, receiving a soft moan from the beneficiary. He began to rub the hole, using the flat of his fingers to massage the pucker and making Benji buck and jerk with shots of pleasure. Benji dropped his chest onto the desk and pulled his one leg up flat onto the table, stretching and exposing his ass as much as possible. Sisco didn't waste time with this invitation, he rubbed Benji's asshole even more, pressing hard against it and controlling Benji's ass, which was gyrating wildly.

"You like me rubbing that pussy?" Sisco asked and got a whimper of delight in response from Benji. With the same hand he had been rubbing Benji's ass, he brought it round and put two fingers in Benji's mouth. Benji sucked on them like they were candy, or more accurately, Sisco's dick. Then Sisco pulled them out and shoved them slowly but fixedly in Benji's ass. 

"Aah fuck!" Benji cried in the unexpected invasion, feeling like his ass had just been torn open. 

Sisco slowed just a bit when he heard his friend's cries of protest, giving him time to get used to the digits in his ass. Once he felt Benji's body relax, he applied pressure and worked his way up, turning and twisting a bit to loosen up the sphincter. He pushed further until he found the familiar hard surface inside Benji's ass that was the prostate area, and began to massage it. The response he got from Benji's was emphatic. Benji bucked wildly, his ass and back gyrating in pleasure at the feeling of Sisco's fingers inside his ass, working magic. He pumped forward onto the desk, spreading his ass even further so Sisco could do more inside him. Sisco began to rhythmically fuck Benji's ass with his fingers. He added a third, which nearly didn't fit inside the pucker, but after some pressure (and a lot of noise from Benji) it finally made its way inside. Soon, Sisco was fingering Benji's in fast speeds and making the hole loosen up while Benji was moaning in delight and pleasure.

"It's time we made this more interesting," Sisco said. And before Benji knew what was happening, Sisco had pulled his fingers out, put the head of his dick on Benji's pussy and began to press in. Benji moaned some more, his ass was loosened up due to the Sisco's fingerwork, but not nearly enough for Sisco's massive sausage. Yet he knew that since he had successfully put that thing in his mouth and sucked it off, it should have no problem getting inside his ass. He was right. Soon, Sisco had pushed the entire shaft all the way up to the hilt inside Benji's warm rectum. Within moments, he was pumping his hips, fucking his dick in and out of Benji's guts.

"Ooh! Oww! Hell yeaah!" Benji was moaning from the cocktail of pleasure and pain, happy at least that his ass was getting used to the constant assault. He had realised a long time that he love being fucked by a big hot dick. He would have been concerned about the fact that he was technically cheating on Bruce with his best friend, but Benji remembered that nowhere in their agreement had anyone stated that they were mutually exclusive to each other. Besides, Benji remembered, it was a well known fact that Bruce was still fucking girls whenever he get the chance, which didn't really bother Benji much at all. Just as long as he was getting his end of the deal... he was happy. Very happy.

"Oh yeah, fuck me baby," Benji whispered as he felt Sisco's dick slide in and out of his ass.

Sisco was humping him like a rabbit, mercilessly thrusting in and out and making the whole desk shake.

"You like my dick inside your ass Benji?" he taunted as he used one hand to pull back Benji's head. "I know you do. Cause your tight pussy is squeezing my shit hard, I can tell you love this dick." Sisco grabbed Benji's arms by his biceps and pulled him up, arching his back and using his arms as leverage as he pumped harder into him," That's why you wanted to be my lab partner, so I can fuck you. So you can suck my dick and have me bust my nutt all over your face."

"Aaaw Sisco, fuck!" Benji moaned as he was being fucked, the sensation too strong for him to be able to respond.

"Yeah I'm fucking you! Been wanting to do it for years. Bet you wanted me to do it too, huh?"

"Yes, yeah!" Benji could only say.

"Yeah what?"

"I wanted you to fuck me. I want this dick," Benji heard himself say.

"I know you do. I can tell a power bottom when I see one. You got those nice looks, sexy as fuck and that nice, big booty. I can tell you wanted my dick all along."

"I did. I wanted you to fuck me like a slut."

"Like a slut? Hell yeah nigga! I bet you want more than just my dick. You've taken dick before? Haven't you, slut?" Sisco demanded as he rammed his dick in and out of Benji.

"Yeah, I have," Benji admitted. 

"Of course you have. I could tell right away," Sisco let go of Benji's arms, but before he could fall on his chest again, Sisco put his hand around Benji's chest and cradled him closer, pressing his back against his chest and gyrating his hips slowly as he deep fucked Benji. 

After fucking him like this for a couple of seconds, Sisco pulled out and took a step back.

"Get on the bed, slut," he commanded Benji, who obeyed instantly." Good, lie down on your back."

Benji did as he was told, caught up in the moment. He realised that this sex would probably change the dynamics of their friendship, outside the bedroom, but he couldn't do anything about that anymore. In any case, it hadn't made things impossible with Bruce; the two were a lot closer now than ever before, even when they weren't fucking. Hopefully Sisco wouldn't make himself a nuisance all the time...

"Oh fuck!" Benji snapped back to the present. He had been lying on his back on Sisco's bed, legs spread wide, when Sisco mounted him from the front missionary style. Within seconds he was fucking Benji at top speed again and causing the bottom to moan and exclaim.

In this position, Sisco was able to pump even more dick into Benji's innards, fucking him at full speed and making the whole bed shake near breaking point. He could feel his balls nearing ejaculation. He shifted his weight a little and had Benji turn beneath him, such that one leg was on his shoulder, and continued to fuck him like this, in long sessions of a steady rhythm of fast past and then slow, long dicking.

"Please baby, nutt that shit. I can't take much more," Benji begged.

"You got it. Where do you want it?" Sisco asked.

"Inside me. Cum inside my ass," Benji moaned.

Sisco continued to fuck him for about a minute more, when he gradually began to pant and soon slowed down and then stopped. He grunted loudly as he came inside Benji, who was still whimpering and now because of the feeling of warm cum flooding his guts. He used his ass to squeeze Sisco's dick, squeezing his sphincter muscles around his friends dick and milking every last drop of sperm into him. 
