 A week and a half had passed since Benji and Sisco's sexual escapade, without any follow up. In addition, Benji hadn't fucked Bruce ever since either- and was beginning to wonder why. At first he didn't think Bruce would care so much that he had slept with his best friend but now he was thinking perhaps he did. Why else was had they not had sex? Usually, ever since Benji and Bruce had started fucking regularly, the two would have sex at least three times a week, if not four, and many times more would Benji suck Bruce's dick just so that he could get off. What had changed? Benji wondered.

"Letting Sisco fuck you, that's what. Stupid idea! Can't have everyone you want man," Benji thought to himself.

The two had an unspoken agreement to never discuss their sexual relations with each other in public places. When they were around other people, they simply acted like nothing was up and this worked well for Benji. Just because he was a bottom in the sack didn't he was a bitch outside. He was still a guy who could handle himself, he played first team hockey which made him a top athlete. He knew this and had been happy that Bruce, and so far Sisco, respected this.

He was lying in bed late in the night and about to start jacking off. Lately, it had been his only source of release as he had been starved of his fuck buddy. Lying in his bed, with just his underwear on, he began to grope and feel his balls and dick, calling on the material he had collected lately of all the times he had been fucked. He was just about to start getting hot and heavy, when the door knocked.

Benji froze, checked himself and immediately put his boxers back on.

"What?" he shouted angrily, annoyed that he had just been disturbed. The door opened slowly and one of the juniors walked in.

"Benji?"

"What do you want?" Benji asked briskly, still annoyed.

"Micheal sent me to tell you he really needs to see you about something quickly," he told him.

"What the fuck! Why doesn't he come here?" Benji asked, frowning and sitting up in bed.

"I don't know. I guess he couldn't... he told me to please see, it was very important." 

Benji grunted in annoyance. "Ok thanks kid, beat it."

The junior didn't waste a second and was out the door. Benji got up, picked his keys and was walking out the door. He didn't mind walking around practically naked, as it was summer and pretty hot. He was only wearing a tight pair of boxer briefs as he usually slept in his underwear. Feeling a little annoyed and curious as to why Mike had called him over, he walked quickly through the quiet, dark hostel to Mike's room. He knocked on the door and heard someone call him to enter. He did and to his surprise, Bruce was inside.

"Bruce, what's up. Where's Mike?" Benji asked. Bruce was leaning on Mike's desk, his arms crossed and had the air and look of smugness that gave Benji the impression that something was up.

"Hi Benji, Mike's not in right now, he won't be back anytime soon."

Benji frowned," Okay, he just had someone ask me to come over and see him. What's up with that?"

Bruce smiled," Well actually- I asked Sam to call you over and told him to say it was Mike's request."

"Why did you do that?" Benji asked, feeling a little vulnerable in Bruce's company and not for the first time.

"I think you know why Benji. Why don't you close the door and come in," Bruce said, standing up straight.

Benji did as he was told, and walked in towards Bruce. He realised that a small erection had formed in his tight white boxers. Bruce stepped up towards him and put his arms around him, kissing him passionately. Benji melted into his embrace immediately, his dick immediately hard as wood as he felt Bruce's touching and rubbing his back and his tongue swirling in his mouth. But he was shocked by what happened next. Bruce broke their kiss and pushed him roughly against the desk, bending him slightly.

"Oww, what the hell man!" Benji asked.

"Shut up!" Bruce said as he pressed himself onto Benji, his dick, evidently hard too, fitting snugly between Benji's poking ass. "I found out something motherfucker, you've been fucking Sisco. Didn't I tell you this ass was mine," Bruce said, groping an ass cheek firmly as he mentioned it.

"Oh shit man- I didn't think you'd mind, " Benji tried to reason, but Bruce slapped his ass in response, causing him to yelp.

"Wasn't your call to make. It's my ass and you don't whore it out to anyone unless I say. You got that?" Bruce said as he pulled Benji's head back. Benji could only manage a soft 'yes'. Surprisingly, this treatment wasn't causing him to be angry, instead he still had a full raging hard on in his pants to suggest that he was in fact enjoying it a lot. "I am not surprised by your behaviour though," Bruce continued, "I would expect exactly that from a slut. "

"Please Bruce, it was just once. It didn't mean anything," Benji tried to plead with Bruce, but again he got a slap on the ass despite his pleas.

"I said shut up, bitch. If you speak out of line one more time..." Bruce warned. "I don't care how many times he fucked you. From what he told me, he must have pumped you so full of cum you probably still have some of it still in you now." Bruce squeezed Benji's ass, using his thumb to apply pressure on his crack and asshole through the briefs Benji was wearing. "Let's see if this pussy is still tight, Sisco's got a big dick."

Bruce got on his knees, with Benji bent in front of him and his ass sticking out in front of his face. He grabbed Benji's undies and pulled them down, all the way to Benji's ankles. The bottom exclaimed at the sudden feeling of being exposed like that. Bruce stuck out his finger and Benji turned his head and sucked on it, knowing it was just foreshadowing for what was to come in his mouth later.

Bruce used the spit covered finger to probe Benji's pucker, feeling the tightness and expecting it as if he was looking for any flaws. He didn't find any.

"Good. This ass is still tight," Bruce said and dove right into eating as reward to Benji. 

The moment Bruce's tongue touched Benji's pucker, he began to moan. The feeling of wet tongue on his ass made him buck wildly and when he got out of control, Bruce had to slap his ass and tell him to calm the fuck down. Benji did as he was told, he bent down to allow Bruce complete access to his crack and had to reduce his pleasure to just wailing and whimpering with his head and chest pressed firmly onto the desk. It was hard for him to do so however, Bruce's vigorous tongue was making Benji feel pleasure he's scarcely felt before. Who knew that just two weeks without sex would make it feel so good. Bruce was a master salad tosser. He used the tip of his tongue to just touch the pucker, exciting it by slightly flapping the tip over the skin and edges. He would then dive in, used the whole tongue to lick and moisten the pussy, slobbering all over it and leaving a big gooey mess before pulling back and blowing on it to cool it down before it overheated. Bruce spread Benji's ass cheeks and looked at the asshole, puckering like mad as if it was trying to say something to him. He blew on it some more before diving in to lick the bottom part of the hole nearest to the prostate that had so many nerves. Using a couple of fingers, he would slightly slap and rub the pucker, before he dove in for some more tossing. Benji was throwing that ass back in his face, trying to get as much of Bruce's tonguing into him as possible. He was trying to decide: what fell better, a skilled tongue on his ass or a dick inside it? Either way, he loved it. Bruce could tell to. Benji's hard 8 inch dick was telling no lies.

"Shame that he ain't going to use it much tonight. It's a nice dick," Bruce thought.

Judging by the way Benji was moaning, Bruce wasn't doing no evil; after having lubed up Benji's hole till it was shining slick in the lamp light, he inserted his middle finger up to his knuckle and began to finger Benji loose. This made Benji moan even more and he was soon slapping the table involuntarily and twisting his back to try and see the shit that was going on behind him. Bruce got up to his feet and put one hand on Benji's shoulder and bent his back slightly backwards, arching it so that Benji's ass stuck out, Bruce's finger still inside it.

"It's good pussy right here, tight as fuck. But by the time we're done here tonight, it'll be as loose as girl pussy."

Benji gasped at the sound of that threat," yeah nigger. Fuck me, please! I can't take it no more! I've been thinking about your dick for days."

"Oh yeah? I bet you've been playing with yourself too- can't blame you for loving this daddy dick." Bruce slapped his hard cock on Benji's ass cheek.

"Yeah boo you know I love that shit," Benji said.

"So you been playing with yourself thinking about this dick fucking your pussy?"

"Hell yeah nigger! Been playing with my pussy while thinking about that dick inside me," he confessed. He was being very open and was too horny to care.

Bruce slapped his ass," good boy. That's what I want to hear. But I bet your fingers are no substitute for a good dicking, isn't that so?"

"Oh hell no. I've been using a dildo and even that's not good enough. Nothing beats a dick."

"Dildo, huh? I wonder where you got that... so who's dick do you see fucking you?" Bruce asked him as his finger slid in and out of Benji's warm, spit soaked hole.

"What do you mean?" Benji enquired, turning his head back to look at Bruce.

"Who's dick to you think about entering your pussy, mine or Sisco's?" 

Benji paused for a minute, thinking about it. " Both," he said.

He got another slap on the ass," Good boy. You ain't shying away from being the slut, aren't you?"

"Hell no, you know I ain't," Benji said and wiggled his ass playfully as he was being fingered. Bruce pulled his finger out and moved behind Benji, his cock poised and hard as steel. He placed the head at Benji's entrance and pushed in slowly. Benji wasn't lying about fucking himself with toys, but he hadn't done so in a good several days and his ass was tight even after Bruce's fingering and licking. He felt Bruce's dick go inside him and he began to whimper as he realised he had got more than he bargained for with Bruce's fat sausage. Still Benji had taken Bruce's dick inside him many times and it wasn't long before he was all the way in and fucking him rhythmically while Benji had his ass poked out and his hands gripping the table for support. He was shamelessly moaning and whimpering like a bitch as Bruce ruthlessly pumped his guts.

Benji could feel Bruce's dick inside him and after he'd gotten used to it, he began to throw his ass back and pump himself on Bruce. This impressed him, so he decided to give the bottom a turn at being the driver. He slapped his ass and told him to keep pumping like that.

Benji didn't argue, he thrust he ass as far back as he could reach and then pulled back. He was enjoying this new role, usually he would just be dicked by Bruce without any real say, but here he was in control and could extract pleasure at his own rate from the big chocolate dick. He spread his legs a little further and put his back up, his arms now barely touching the table as he pumped his ass on Bruce's fat meat, desperately trying to squeeze every ounce of pleasure he could from it. He arched his back further and was now nearly standing up, his would have been touching Bruce's chest weren't it for the arch he had to make so as to ensure his was still full of dick. Bruce played with Benji nipples and felt his smooth chest and tense abs and pecks, as the bottom fucked his dick. Benji turned his head and looked at Bruce lovingly. The two kissed and Bruce's tongue forced its way in Benji's mouth, once again the dominant extremity. Benji loved the feeling of dick and tongue inside him and secretly fantasised about sucking dick while being fucked in the ass. Bruce took over a little from this position, thrusting harshly and making Benji moan. He was happy to notice that none of his moans or whimpers or sounds were because he was in pain any more. It was all pleasure.

He grabbed his face roughly and pulled him away, then he grabbed his shoulder and bent his back effortlessly. Benji was once again bent over as Bruce had had enough of the bottom being in charge for now. He fucked him like this for a few more minutes, when he suddenly pulled out. Benji knew he hadn't come yet. He couldn't feel any warm liquid inside him but he also knew that Bruce could really pace himself and could last a long time.

Bruce slapped his ass playfully, as Benji was still bent in front of him. "Sexy, tight little ass. Love that shit," he mused as he played with his favourite fuck toy. He spread Benji's ass cheeks apart, revealing the hole he had just fucked to be open and loose. " Turn around," Bruce commanded as he took a step back. Benji did so and got on his knees without needing to be told because Bruce was standing up right, his massive tool pointing upwards and the look on his face saying only one thing. Benji was no mind reader but he could tell what Bruce wanted and he swallowed his dick whole and sucked on it immediately. Like a pilgrim before his idol, he was kneeled before him, his mouth stretched with fat dick and his lips drooling spit and sex juice.

"Mmm" Benji moaned lustfully as he slurped and bobbed on the dick. He was an expert cocksucker now and didn't even need to use his hands to make Bruce feel good, he bobbed on that shit so well Bruce was thinking it was like being inside pussy. 

"Girl pussy that is, coz nothing beats Benji pussy," he thought to himself.

Benji was struggling to think clearly, he was so damn horny. He couldn't think of anything better than being here and sucking Bruce's 11 inch masterpiece... maybe having it fuck him. He believed he welded some power over him too, he was responsible for the pleasure he was getting, the kind of pleasure that makes men crazy, that people search for their whole lives and never get. The inhibited, raw simplicity of a good fuck. Nothing like it. He loved the smell of Bruce's dick; musky and strong yet not too strong, a taste that was bitter and sweet and salty. He loved the way it felt inside his mouth and the way it responded in there through subtle jerks and bulges in its texture as if to indicate it was truly alive. It was so juicy and wet now, from Benji's spit and its own lubrication that it felt like it the surface was made of liquid, but the solid shaft that still held firm was unmistakable. With his two hands free, he began to think of himself for a change and stuck a finger in his ass and played with it, loving the way it felt a little less tight now that it had been opened again. The other hand he played with his dick, knowing that chances were good it would be the only attention it would receive tonight. Bruce was the dominant top and he didn't mess with no dicks. Benji didn't mind though, in some ways he preferred it even. Pleasuring himself was good, especially his ass, his fingers probing and stretching his hole as if it were another person. 

Suddenly the door opened and Benji's heart nearly stopped. He thought he had locked it!

He stopped and meant to pull out when Bruce grabbed his head and held it firm and told him to carry on. Benji reluctantly continued knowing that this was another line he had crossed... now someone else knew that he was getting fucked by dudes. The other person didn't say anything at first, but Benji could hear him approaching by the sound of his feet and when he was close to them, Benji was no longer concentrating on Bruce's dick but rather on what the hell was going to happen next. He was so nervous and had never felt this exposed before; a feeling that was both frightening and a little exciting, something his hard dick confirmed.

"Damn man, looks like you started without me," Sisco said, who had just walked in. Benji was surprised to hear his voice and turned his head to look at him. There he was standing, wearing just slack pants and an arrogant grin face that was also a little threatening. Benji was clever enough to figure out this was a set up.

"So you fellas been playing me?" he asked. Bruce and Sisco smiled at each other knowingly, confirming Benji's suspicions.

"Yeah just a little hey," Bruce said," actually Sisco here doesn't really need your help with the science practicals anymore. Isn't that right Sisco?"

Benji looked at Sisco and saw that what Bruce had said was true. Damn! Looks like he just got fucked in more ways then one... but why?

"So you guys pulled the wool over my eyes," Benji spoke, still on his knees naked and his face covered in dick juice and spit," what the hell for?"

But Benji didn't get an answer, instead Bruce bent over and kissed him passionately, a way that he had never kissed him before. It was intense and dominant and Benji felt the combination of surprise and strength overwhelm him and he relaxed to the point where his spine curved in and as he was sat on his knees and his poked out, as if in anticipation.

Bruce finally broke their kiss, trailing a line of spit as he did and smiled at Benji," don't worry", he said "You'll find out very soon." And he stood up again. Benji was about to wonder what that meant when he saw that Sisco had dropped his slacks and was standing there with his dick hanging softly. Benji didn't need to be invited in words, he crawled over to Sisco and kissed the mushroom head and swallowedsoftly the dick in his mouth. 

"So, you want this dick as well, huh"? Sisco asked him. 

Benji looked at Sisco with doe eyes and mumbled "Yes".

"Shiit... man I thought you were getting enough from Bruce, obviously he ain't fucking you enough," he said looking down at Benji.

"Hell I fucked this bitch so many times but he never gets enough. Looks like he needs more than one dick to please him."

Benji couldn't agree more, but his mouth was full and he didn't want to say anything. However his body gave him away as he was on his knees he arched his back a little further and spread his ass as an invite.

Bruce laughed, "Look at that shit. Benji's on his knees sucking yo dick and his pussy is winking at me and begging me to fuck it again."

"Oh yeah suck that dick... mmmmm...." Sisco moaned," It's not often I get to meet quite so uninhibited... looks sexy though. Fucking slut!"

"I wonder if he's worse than Michelle... look how far is he willing to go," Bruce said, comparing Benji to Michelle, the local slut from the girls school. Benji was shocked to hear that but yet somehow remained aroused.

"Suck that dick yeah," Sisco encouraged," how about that Benji? Are you going to let us fuck you tonight? Michelle would and she's a slut..." Benji nodded in agreement, his eyes fixed at Sisco in a submissive glaze. "Looks like we found ourselves a new Michelle then," joked Sisco. Bruce laughed at that. Benji spread his ass even further in response to the humiliation.

Sisco bent down a little (he was quite a tall guy) and began to caress Benji's puckered ass. He parted the cheeks and rubbed Benji pussy roughly, illiciting loud moans from the bottom. He put one finger inside him and it felt like it was trying to swallow that finger.

"Shit, he's so fucking tight! I am going to love hitting that ass..."

"Is he? I just fucked him a couple of minutes ago, he doesn't stay loose for long then..." Bruce also stuck a finger inside Benji's ass. The two of them began to finger in and out of Benji's pussy, pushing in and pushing out as if choreographed and making Benji go crazy. He was moaning like an animal now, his breathing heavy and sudden, which in turn was making Sisco's dick feel even better. 

"That's right, handle yo bizness", he told Benji as he finger fucked him in unison with Bruce. 

He dropped down a little up and raised his one leg on to the chair next to the desk and dropped down low so he could get full access Benji's deep throat. Benji opened his legs wide and also took Sisco's dick in his mouth even further, making it grow even more. He licked up and down the shaft. He fondled Sisco's balls. The whole time he continued to moan as he was being fingered by the two studs.
