 Benji was now two months into exploring his sexuality as a bottom and he done so with gusto. In addition to fucking Bruce, Sisco and Michael, Benji had also been fucked by Tommy, Sean and KB, three other rugby players and close friends of a Bruce and the gang, making them part of a clique. This clique had one other thing in common now: they all had fucked Benji and dumped their seed inside his tight, bubble butt and his hot mouth. The night after Benji had been gang fucked by Sisco, Bruce and Michael had left the door open and Benji was introduced to Tommy, Sean and KB's dicks and was now regularly servicing them too. Sometimes all six of them would spend an evening taking turns to fuck Benji's ass and face. All of these guys were at least 18 years and in the prime of their physical strength and Benji's stamina was increasing with every dick he took up his chute. They would spend hours fucking his boy pussy, his mouth, getting him to jerk them off and beat their shit till they nutted on his pretty boy looks. Benji would often leave one of their rooms with his ass covered and his hole leaking cum. He always insisted on that they cum inside him as he loved the feel of warm semen soothing his abused ass.

He was however experiencing an emotional fallout from the fucking he was getting, sometimes very reluctant, guilty and ashamed over what he had done. Sometimes he would feel so embarrassed and fearful of how far he was pushing himself and how much he was allowing himself to be dominated and humiliated and other times he would be so horny and willing to play the slut bottom, craving dick and cum like he was possessed. He began to contemplate this strange duality within him, this split personality: the reluctant, reserved self versus the whorish, sex fiend. To make matters more polarising, the dominant, masculine sexual attitude that the guys had with Benji during their sessions was almost non-existent during any other time. This helped Benji a lot, who was able to go about and live a normal dynamic life outside the bedroom and not have to worry that someone would call him a bitch or slut in front of other people. This meant that Benji could still be a leader and an authority outside the sex sessions. He was after all a prefect and captain of the hockey team and so it made sense that Bruce and the guys respected that. He was also noticing that as he was giving more into his sexual side, he was feeling less guilty and less ashamed. He was also realising that no matter how much sex he got from the guys, he always never seemed to tire from wanting it.

Nevertheless, he was happy that he was able to get all the fucking in the world he wanted on a regular basis. At least once a week he would be gang banged and several times a week he would be fucked individually or give someone a blowjob. One of his favourite things was to suck dicks in the toilet during school breaks as the risk of being caught was an aphrodisiac. Usually someone would stand guard as to make sure no one caught them.

But taking so many dicks up his ass had its toll and in order to ensure his butt was nice and tight, he exercised well, focusing now more than ever on squats and pelvis exercises. Sport season was coming up too so he spent extra hours at the gym working his body and maintaining his swimmer's body physique, his juicy booty and thick and track athlete thighs. He loved sports. He found the activities so exhilarating and rewarding, the satisfaction of sweat and exercise. Perhaps that would explain his libido, all that sport he did built up reserves of tension and testosterone and what better way to get release than to have someone fuck you till you nutt a massive load.

As Benji was busy with academic activities being a star pupil as well, he spent one Wendesday afternoon late in Further Maths class. He missed most of the hockey practice session but as he was captain and one of the top athletes, he was excused for most of it that day. He did have to spend however about half an hour longer working on penalty shots as he felt he had dropped in that ability a little. By the time he was done, it was already evening and most of the pupils were back in the boarding houses. Benji left the astro turf and headed for the gym, still needing to work out but now running later than usual. The gym was small and to be used mainly for pupils who played on the top teams, which made it very exclusive. The keys were usually kept with the captains and Benji had a set. When he entered the hall, he at first thought it was empty. Then he heard a sound and looking to his left, in the corner he saw someone was working on a leg machine. Benji looked over, a little curious to see someone else this late. The other person had just heard Benji and looked up from the machine. It was Chris, a boy from the year below Benji's and a first team rugby player.

"Hi Chris. Wassup?" Benji said as he went over to the matt and started doing some warm ups.

"Hey Ben," Chris replied. He was working out late because he was changing positions on the field from flanker to second row and he needed to work on his leg muscles. The extra time at the gym was part of his conditioning programme, Chris explained.

Benji spent a decent amount of time at the gym, making it a good work out session. He focused a lot on his lower body strength, such as legs and thighs, which require him to share a machine with Chris at one point. The two ended up spotting together for most of the session. Chris knew his gym stuff well and showed Benji a couple of pointers. When Benji got in the thighs machine, lying flat on his stomach, Chris was able to advise where to position the ankle bar so that it worked out his thighs best.

"You got to do seven reps per set of this. You'll feel the burn then," he said. Benji listened and nodded his head in agreement, following the advice. He was able to manage the intensity Chris prescribe as he was also a regular gym rat. He finished the set and slumped for a moment or so. This was when something strange happened.

As Benji was lying on his stomach, his ass sticking out and pointing up at Chris, he felt Chris's hand slap it and him say," Nice ass!"

At first Benji thought Chris was making a joke, but he then paused and felt shocked by the action. He really wasn't expecting it and after all, Chris was junior to him and had to show him the proper respect. This was unusual and if Chris had done this to Bruce or Sisco, no doubt he would have got an ass kicking to revenge the ass slap. Benji chose to ignore it, mindful of Chris's prominent stature amongst his peers and seeing no need to start a confrontation. He got up from the machine... and noticed that Chris was giving him a bit of a funny look. He looked a little smug. Benji brushed this off and went on to the next machine. 

But he wondered for a second there if Chris was trying to flirt... was he into guys as well? He didn't fit the bill at all, but then again, that's no evidence to suggest it couldn't be true. Besides, Chris was a junior and Benji could never allow himself to be seduced by a junior, it would be shameful and an outrage. But Benji looked over and thought that Chris was sexy. Big, amber skinned and muscular with a big frame at the top and arms with massive, defined muscles, Chris was a hunk and had a bit of a thug style too, just like Bruce. His legs had taken on a nice form and Benji got a quick view of his sculptured buttocks as he bent over to pick up some weights. 

Benji licked his lips ever so slightly, his thoughts turning nasty as he wondered what it would be like to get it from this hunk. He had a massive dick, that was for sure. Benji had seen it in the showers as both were in the same boarding house. These thoughts turned Benji's loins warm and he began to grow an erection in his pants... but no! He couldn't. Chris was a junior and if people found out about Benji being tagged by Chris, his reputation would be over. Out of the question. The gym session continued as it was.

Benji grabbed a long bar, attached weights on either end and began to do intense squats. After about ten minutes, he fell back on a bench, exhausted at having given his ass such a long work session. But it was worth it as every bit of strength in his booty would keep the boys happy. He turned over his shoulder and noticed that Chris was doing biceps. Benji observed cautiously the lovely flexing of Chris big muscles on his arms, the way his body was positioned, curved as if he were posing for a sculpture, it made Benji want to lick his lips again. This was something he could not have but it didn't hurt to watch it.

After about an hour, Benji was done with his session and he went into the locker room to shower, while Chris was still busy when Benji left him in the gym. Ten minutes later, Benji got out the showers and went over to the main bathroom area, where all the sinks were. He was standing naked and checking himself out. He turned out his ass and looked it... "Magnificent!" he thought," If I was a top, I'd fuck that booty all the time too."

He bent a little, making it stick out and used his hands to spread his cheek, inspecting his hole for any imperfections. There were none.

Just then, the door opened and Chris walked in, which shocked the hell out of Benji and he immediately corrected himself, feigning as if he were checking out his legs instead of his ass.

But Chris wasn't fooled, instead he smirked strangely and went over to the sink and washed his hands. Benji walked away and into the locker room. He put on boxer briefs, shorts and a t-shirt and got out. Once again, he walked past the sinks in the bathroom. Chris was still standing there.

"See you later man," Benji said as he walked past.

"Hmm?"

"I said see you later," Benji repeated as he stopped in front of Chris.

"You done for your session?" Chris asked.

"Um yeah, I am going to back now."

"Cool," Chris said," hey you got a nice ass by the way."

Benji frowned," What?"

"I said you got a nice ass. I see you spend a long time working on it."

"I was doing my legs tonight," Benji said.

"Yeah you was. And your booty too, I didn't know hockey players needed such firm asses."

"We don't. I like to have a good general muscle physique, which is why I was working on my legs. Plus I do track and running as well," Benji argued.

"Yeah? But it seems like the only thing you got running lately is cum out your ass."

Benji didn't know what to say. His jaw dropped and his mouth went dry at the same time. He was found out. But how? They had been careless, but not that careless. They had all sworn never to tell anyone outside the circle. Now here was this young punk who was probably the worst person to know this dangerous information about Benji. Who else knew? Benji wanted to say something, but he struggled to find the words at first. Chris was being cocky and Benji wondered if he should have punched this motherfucker to the ground or walk out.

"What the fuck you say to me boy?" Benji tried the agro approach. It usually worked, but no one had said anything like this to him before, unless they were fucking him.

"You heard me," Chris was still being cocky. He crossed his arms and squared off to Benji, but remained relaxed. This was a little surprising because Benji always thought Chris was this big meathead with lots of muscle and little brains who got into a lot of fights because of his short tempter. "Look, don't take this wrong way, but I know about you."

"What do you think you know? Nothing!" Benji said, stepping closer to Chris, squaring off too. He had to set the record straight with this young punk.

"I know you fuck with dudes, that's what I know. I seen you suck Bruce's dick and I know you get fucked by at least him and Sisco on a regular basis. So how about that?"

"That's bullshit," Benji tried to deny it but realised it was hopeless.

"Is it? I know Sisco was in your room last night and he wasn't asking for help with his homework, that's for sure. He was banging your ass up the wall."

"It's not what you think. It ain't like that... look... " Benji tried.

"Look man, forget it. I don't care." Chris said.

"You don't?" Benji was surprised.

"Nah. Not really."

"And you're not going to tell anyone?" Benji was beginning to hope a little...

"No, well that depends."

"Depends? On what?"

"What's in it for me? You know what I am saying?" Chris said and smiled, leaning back against the sink like he was cool as ice tea. Benji sensed something familiar here: entrapment. It was like being set up again. He knew what Chris was going to say.

"What do you want?"

"Shit nigger, I just had a big gym session and we've been tense all week cause coach has got us running and working our assess off and I aint fucked a bitch in days. So how about you give me some head and we can call it even. I won't tell nobody."

Benji was torn. He couldn't suck a juniors dick, that was a big low even for him in light of recent events. But he was being blackmailed.

"Fuck you! Where the hell do you get the nerve to think you can talk to me like that," he tried bluffing one more time.

"I got it the night I saw you suck Bruce's dick in the showers and then also saw him fuck you." Benji couldn't say anything to that. He remembered the night Chris was referring to. "Look man, I mean it, you suck my dick now and I am not going to tell anyone what you do. I am the only guy who knows about it."

"How do you know?"

"I don't, but it's been a couple of months and I haven't said anything yet and if anyone else has seen something, don't you think rumours would be spreading by now?"

"Yeah maybe..." Benji was hating this but knew Chris was right.

"Exactly. I mean what I say, not a word. Give me some head and you'll shut me up. Yeah?"

"Will you tell anyone I sucked your dick?"

"Of course not man, trust me. I know about you, yet I haven't told anybody else. You can believe that." Chris said and smiled. Benji thought that he looked a little sexy then. He wasn't a great looking guy, but he had a great body and a very masculine presence.

"Yeah...." Benji agreed," When do you want to do this?"

"Right now nigger," Chris said and pulled his dick out of his shorts.

Benji looked at it, his shoulders dropped, feeling defeated and knowing he was out of options. It was a good looking dick, easily six inches now as it was soft but give it some time... he dropped to his knees, picked it up with his hand and licked the head. Within seconds it was growing hard. This was a young dick but it had the aggressive sexual energy an experienced dick might have and Benji was fascinated and a little bit intimated. Chris was one of those guys who struggled to be brought under authority and he was a leader amongst his peers and a rebel and a bully and now he was bullying Benji like a little boy into sucking his dick, despite the fact that Benji was older than him. His tongue licked the head slowly at first, running circles around the leathery skin and making itself acquainted with the taste. It was a very salty taste as the sweat Chris had worked out at the gym had no doubt collected on his dick and Benji would have asked that Chris showered first but he realised that it would probably be useless.

"Swallow the head now, don't be scared." Chris said pushing himself just a little so that Benji swallowed more of his dick. Benji sucked on more and more as the shaft was becoming larger and forcing its way deeper. He was beginning to enjoy it a little, after all, Chris fit the usual persona of guys he was attracted to: well built, hot, dominating, black and with a big dick. Chris certainly had a big dick, one of the biggest he'd seen. It was fully erect now and it was easily 11 inches, maybe 12. Once Benji had gone past the head he began to bob on the shaft, squeezing with his lips and flicking his tongue underneath the head to excite the sensitive part. He swallowed more and more, feeling the big thing stretch his mouth and soon he was heading for a deep throat.

Chris was enjoying this a lot. He didn't think Benji would take to this very well but he seemed to really know what he was doing.

"Yeah boy, swallow that dick all the way up, yeah nigger!" he encouraged a bit forcefully, shoving more into Benji's spluttering mouth. The aggressive insertion caused Benji to moan in protest, but it didn't help him.

"What's that? You moaning now... you must like having this dick in your face. How about that?" Chris said.

More and more of the shaft forced its way into Benji's mouth and finally he was able to deep throat all of Chris's dick until his face was pressed into his wiry pubes. This was a surprise for Chris, who did not expect to be deep throated so expertly and quickly.

"Damn boy, you know your shit. How many dicks you sucked?" Chris asked. Benji couldn't reply because his mouth was full but he looked up at Chris with a doe-eyed expression. He tried to pull off, but Chris grabbed him by the back of the head and pressed his face in more.

"Don't move nigger, keep that dick in your mouth. Keep it there, I know you love that shit," he taunted more. Benji did the best he could, using his nose to breathe and his mouth was pressed on firmly on the meat he had inside him. Finally, he couldn't take it anymore and pushed himself of and gasped hungrily for air as he was able break free from the monster dick inside his face.

Chris laughed meanly at the sight of Benji trying to breathe and his spit covered lips and face, he smacked his dick on Benji's face a little. "Seriously, how many dicks you sucked?" he continued.

"Nigger quit hassling me and let me suck your dick," Benji retorted.

"Yo man, if you really want to." Chris laughed again. Benji swallowed his dick again and sucked him to deep throat point for a good couple of minutes more. Benji was beginning to enjoy it very much and was moaning with pleasure now, being true to his cock sucker self. Chris grabbed him by the head again and dropped down a little and began to pump his dick in and out of Benji's face. This continued for some time, with Benji dropping his arms to his side and letting his mouth be used like a pussy. Drool was running down his face and soaking his t-shirt.

Finally, Chris pulled out with a fat flop sound coming off, and Benji was panting and gasping like he had been running for ten miles. Chris was smiling like the devil and moaning at the pleasure he was receiving.

"Good boy, you know how to suck a mean dick. Stand up." He grabbed Benji, who was feeling a little rattled, by the arm and pulled him up. He was spun around suddenly and pressed against the sink, bending involuntarily and his ass was stuck out. Chris meant to fuck him.

"Hell no nigger, are you nuts? I ain't letting you punk me," Benji tried to argue and struggled profusely against his tormentor but it was no use, the kid was strong and held him firmly.

"Shut up ho, I ain't giving you a choice. I am going to fuck your pussy!" he shouted as he aggressively slammed against Benji. This was getting scary for Benji, he did not expect this to happen from someone younger than him. He saw and felt Chris's raw, masculine aggression, the dangerous energy that made him a formidable presence. The bully that was strong and mean was trying to have his way with him. Benji felt like if he didn't stop resisting, Chris would hurt him.

"Please Chris, don't do it," he begged but only got a snigger and an aggressive shove into the mirror.

"Shut up. You want me to fuck your ass, huh? Don't you?" Chris pressed himself onto Benji, his arm holding Benji's and twisting it back.

"No man... you can't. You're a junior. Please!" Benji tried to reason but got his arm twisted more.

"I can tell you want me to fuck your ass like its girl pussy and I will, so quit your whining," Chris said, he smacked Benji's ass. "Not so?"
