 Benji had begun to fuck secretly with Chris, though not very often as Benji knew that if they were caught things would go bad for him and hidden places were hard to come by. Benji was a little annoyed about this because Chris gave him such good dick, better than a couple of the guys he was being fucked by and almost as good as Sisco or Bruce. But if the guys knew that Benji was fucking Chris, they would be very pissed off. But they didn't. He was impressed how no one was able to discover that he was in fact fucking dudes on a regular basis and worried that people might find his secret out. As it was, no one did. Or at least for some time.

Several times a week, usually, Benji would be sucking someone's dick or fucking someone's dick and this suited Benji very well. He realised that his behaviour was very strange and spoke to a psychologist family friend he had, as well as read some books on the matters of sexual and began to come to the assumption that he may have satyriasis, a human condition found in males where they are addicted to sex, similar to nymphomania. There were treatments possible but for now, Benji was happy and didn't seem to mind having this problem. And as he became more on terms with it, the better he felt about everything he did. This suited the guys that were fucking him very well. However Chris was beginning to dislike their lack of fucking as Benji seemed to avoid him more and more. One night, he was fed up and waited for Benji late at night to come back to his room. It was about 11 pm and Benji was back walking from one of the other hostels late at night when Chris jumped from around the corner of a building and pulled him to the back of it, pushing Benji against the wall and pressing himself on him.

"Nigger what the fu-" Benji but a hand over his mouth muffled his words.

"Shut up. What you think, that I was going to let you stay away from me? That I was to going to stop wanting this?" Chris asked and grabbed a handful of Benji's ass.

He pulled his pants and boxers down and Benji's ass popped out. He smacked it hard and squeezed it and then rubbed his fingers all over Benji's pucker. This made Benji moan and shout into Chris's hand. Chris grabbed Benji's head and pulled it back and whispered in Benji's ear.

"I'm so fucking horny, everytime I see you I get a boner, yo."

Benji felt like he was going to melt into a pool of lust. He looked around and saw no one, it was dark everywhere and it was so most of the people were asleep. They were in a secluded, hidden place and Benji could feel Chris hard dick pressing through his shorts and onto his ass. He wanted it so bad.

"Put that boner inside me, baby. I want to feel that shit buried in my ass," Benji said and turned his head to look into Chris eyes to give him a sultry, slutty look. Chris dropped his pants immediately and pulled his dick out and was pressing into Benji's boy pussy in a matter of seconds.

Benji felt the resistance of his ass slowly give away and Chris's fat snake snuck its way up his love tunnel. They were round the back of one of the storage buildings and Benji was pressed straight up against the wall as his ass was being fucked. Chris started humping into him quickly and in rhythm into Benji's experienced ass. He pressed himself until his dick was all the way in and Benji's cheeks was pressed against his pelvis. He put his arm around Benji's chest and held him in this embraced position as he fucked him.

"Oooh! Oh baby!" Benji moaned passionately.

Chris continued to fuck him in this position for some ten minutes or so, the he was feeling an intense need to cum and so he grabbed Benji's thigh and lifted his one leg up and so spread his ass wider and held onto Benji as leverage to ram his dick longer and faster into him. Benji raised his hands straight up the wall and poked his ass out even more.

"Oh god daddy! Fuck me! Baby!" Benji moaned.

It wasn't very long before Chris was grunting and tensing uncontrollably and he began to feel his nuts tighten and then he felt the dam break as he was cumming. The intense orgasm was slow to build and started off slowly but when it came it hit like a tidal wave. Chris lost control and pressed himself hard onto Benji's back and shouted and bit Benji's shoulder in the intense climax.

Benji gasped as he felt his innards being filled once again and whimpered as Chris slowly pulled his dick out from Benji moist hole.

"Yes baby," he said as he lingered in the after effects of the sex.

"That was so good," Chris uttered as he shook the last drops of sperm from his dick.

Benji put his hand round his back and grabbed Chris's dick and squeezed it. He turned around and dropped to his knees and swallowed it, sucking of the sperm coated flesh and tasted and breathed in the strong musky scent of the ass flavoured dick.

Chris looked down at Benji as he enjoyed the blowjob.

"You love to suck my dick after I fucked you, yo."

Benji smacked his lips and flicked his tongue all over the head as he moaned at the pleasure of having his face stuffed just after his ass was.

"Yeah you know I do. But I just love to suck dick anyways," he said and swallowed Chris's black baby maker again.

Benji sucked his dick for another couple of minutes but it was all the time he needed as he expertly blowed Chris to another orgasm and another load of cum was squeezed out and dumped onto Benji's tongue.

"Mmmmm," he moaned as he swallowed greedily and savoured the taste.

"Whoa... damn son," was all Chris could utter.

The two boys embraced and cuddled a little, Benji feeling and rubbing Chris's big muscles and physical presence and Chris squeezed Benji's ass and thighs. But Benji hadn't cum yet and he begged Chris to fuck him again till he came.

"Yo man I get to back to hostel, they going to start doing roll call soon," he said but the truth was that he felt exhausted and drained as Benji had somehow been able to draw out two loads from him in less than twenty minutes.

"Please man, just a little bit."

"No man, I have really to get back, now put your pants back on and lets go," Chris said and Benji, feeling a little disappointed, did so and they left the scene of the crime.

As they were walking back, Benji kept playfully teasing Chris by walking near him and squeezing his dick or bumping into him with his ass. Chris kept pushing him away or moving way playfully too, but soon it wasn't long before he was starting to feel a little horny again.

"Damn son, you know you got one massive libido. It's like you got nymphomania or something." Chris said as he was still in awe of Benji's desire to fuck again.

"I know. Nymphomania is for girls though, I got satyriasis, if anything. It's like nymphomania. Shit, I feel so horny. I could let you fuck me right here on the streets, don't care who sees us."

Chris laughed and looked at Benji, who looked almost half serious."Yo man chill, I aint trying to get bust fucking guys. Last thing I need is the whole school thing I am a faggot. I can come by later though, when everyone is asleep."

"Nah man, I don't think that will work hey," Benji said.

"Why? Have you got some of the other guys fucking you later on?" Chris asked, sounding annoyed and a little jealous.

"Yeah maybe."

"Shit man, that's a little fucked up. Have you ever thought about being with just one guy, you know like in a relationship?"

Benji laughed and looked at Chris," What? Like with you or something?"

"Yeah, maybe..."

Benji's laughter was a little cruel, intentionally. He didn't like seeing Chris vulnerable like this so in order to ensure it never happened again, he would have to be a little cruel." Now you are starting to sound like a faggot."

"Fuck you man, you know what I mean. Do you really like doing what you do? Having several niggers fuck you and shit?"

"Yeah I do."

"You like having guys gangbang you like a cheap whore and cum inside you and on your face and shit?"

"Yeah I do. I love that shit."

"You like having guys passing you around and taking turns fucking your pussy?"

"Yeah I do. Now stop asking me or you're going to get me really horny and then will have to fuck me here on the spot," Benji warned and they both laughed.

Sometime later, the hostel was quiet and Benji knew it was time to get things started. He was well aware of the dangers of his libido and how it could make him do things without his vivid control. He was really horny and needed some serious dick right now.

First he went to Bruce and knocked on his door. No answer. After trying again a couple of times he went to Sisco's room and knocked there. He thought he heard some noises coming from inside but no one answered there either. He went up the stairs and towards Michael's room. He knocked on that door but no one answered there either.

"Mike's not back yet," a junior walking by told him.

"Where is he?" Benji asked.

"I don't know. I saw him leaving the hostel earlier on with Sean and KB."

Damn it! Benji thought in desperation. That was most of the guys and Tommy was not in their dorm, so he wouldn't be able to see him tonight. He had texted all the guys asking where they were, but only some of them replied to tell him they weren't around. He went back to check Bruce's and Sisco's rooms but they still weren't there. The whole time he was running around looking for them he began to think about the fucking he was supposed to be getting and this made him even hornier. He went into the junior's dorms to check if they were there but couldn't find them.

"Fuck!" Benji said as he was standing with his hands on his hips, exhausted all his normal options. He went back to his room, very disappointed and sulking. He fell on his bed and tried to fall asleep but couldn't. His thoughts were still horny and his ass was hot and moist and puckering, anticipating another serving of fresh dick. He would have to tell it that it wasn't coming tonight...

"Fuck it..." he said and got up and opened the closet. Searching underneath his clothes he grabbed his toy, a massive, twelve inch black dildo which he had bought a few months when he and Bruce had fucked exclusively and his thoughts and desires first began to deviate and become homoerotic.

He took his clothes off and fell on the bed, spreading his legs and began to push the dildo inside him. Within seconds he had made it half way up the toy and he began to moan at the feeling of the cool, plastic thing stiff inside his ass. He played with himself for some time, fucking in and out of his ass and trying to make himself cum but he couldn't get the right angle on the prostate. He began to be frustrated and finally realised there was still one more choice...

Minutes later, Chris was rushing up to Benji's room, his dick already hard and the phone still in his hand that had received a message saying: "Come now."

He crashed in through the door and when he saw Benji lying naked on his stomach, his sexy ass exposed and inviting, his mouth dropped.

"What's the matter, what happened to the other guys?" Chris asked as he stripped off his clothes.

"I don't know. Fuck them."

"Lucky for me then."

"And me," Benji said and raised his ass a little and wiggled it, making it clap and dance like he was a video chick," are you going to give me some of that daddy dick, baby?"

Chris stared at the gyrating butt in front of him, beginning to be hypnotised by its seductive motion. He went over to Benji's behind and grabbed it with both his hands, squeezing it till flesh protruded in between his fingers.

"Damn baby. Dance for me some more," Chris whispered and admired lovingly as Benji's butt clapped and wiggled more. He placed his hands gently on Benji's buttocks and let them rest there and follow the motion, not impeding, and occasionally slapping it gently to encourage its deviant dance.

Chris felt like a pilgrim before his temple, his shrine to the great booty-god Benji was. Its dance was like a secret ritual, like magic casting a spell in its simple and delightful motion and in its unconditional offering. Chris could feel that he was salivating as he stared at Benji's beautiful ass, drool forming at his lips and dripping to fall down onto Benji's flesh. It was a surprise his spit didn't sizzle and steam. He grabbed it with both hands and spread it wide, admiring Benji's boy pussy and noticing how moist it still was from the load of cum it had received earlier.

"You're so hot Benji. I love you," Chris said without thinking and dove into eating Benji's ass. Benji had barely heard Chris's words and didn't register them until later. What he did register however was Chris' wet tongue on his booty-hole.

This was Chris's first time eating ass but he didn't seem like a rookie. He lapped and licked Benji's smouldering asshole like it was candy. He tongued it like he was fucking it with his dick, noticing how it opened and closed more excessively as he did so. Chris savoured the taste of the hole on his tongue before swiping it again. He began to taste his own cum and noticed how Benji's ass was leaking juices like it was a girls pussy. He loved how his body jumped and jerked every time he licked his bud, as if trying to escape but having nowhere to run to.

"Oh fuck...! Oh shit...!!" groaned Benji, trying to crawl away from the intense sucking. It felt like someone had attached a vacuum to his butt hole and turned it on. Chris suctioned his fat lips around his anal ring, and darted his long fat tongue in and out of his anus. He grabbed the man 

around the hips to hold him steady, keeping him from getting away. 

"Shit man... stop..." moaned Benji weakly, not wanting him to though and falling flat onto the 

mattress. 

Chris followed him, keeping his face pressed up between the ass cheeks. 

Benji managed to roll over onto his side, trying to twist and turn his ass out of the way, but Chris merely twisted his head to get a better angle, scissoring Benji's legs open as he continued to suck and slurp at the pouting hole. Benji squirmed, trying to wiggle away, trying to put up a fight, as Chris got him onto his back and locked his legs so he couldn't move. Benji lay his head on 

the bed with his ass raised high in a vulnerable position so Chris could get full access. The younger man devoured the hole before him, tongue fucking him and sucking on the hole until he had it pulsating and dripping wet with his saliva. He pressed a forefinger inside, feeling the relaxed muscles clamp down on the invader. Benji groaned aloud as the finger moved back and forth. Chris reached up between Benji's legs, finding his hard dick and began stroking it while adding another finger to the tight ring. He alternated fingers and tongue as he slowly but surely caused the hole to 

open more and more. Benji was pre-cumming like crazy after Chris found his prostate gland and began poking and massaging it profusely. Benji found himself moaning heavily as he started to spread his legs to get the fingers to go in deeper.

"Oh Chris... it's sooo good. Oh baby!" Benji moaned. He could feel a build up inside him. Suddenly, without warning it came. The constant pressure and touching on his prostate and sensitive ass was too much for the experienced bottom to handle and he began to cum.

"Oooooooooh..... oh!.....ooooooo!" he shouted and moaned as hot streaks of cum exploded into the air. He could feel still Chris's dogged tongue pushing its way inside him incessantly and this added even more to the orgasm. "OOOOOh baaaaby! Fuuck me! Its sooooo good," he shouted. 

Once again, he felt like he was about to pass out from the climax he got from Chris. By the time he was clear headed again, his breathing was coming out in rasps and his chest was heaving. He looked down at Chris and saw that he had swallowed his dick and was sucking Benji's last drops of cum as they still pulsed out.

Chris saw that he had been spotted but did nothing, continuing to suck Benji's dick.

"Looks like I aint the only one who likes the taste of cum in my mouth," Benji said, making Chris blush and smirk and pull the wet dick out of his mouth." Shit nigger, your ass tasted so good I had to try your dick."

They both laughed. Chris stood up. He pulled Benji up by his arm and the two lovers caressed and kissed, for the first time. They swapped cum as Chris still had some of Benji's lingering in his mouth and played with each other's ass and dicks. Benji noticed that Chris's dick was now very hard and began to play with it. Chris squeezed and spread Benji's booty, using his finger to carry on loosening up Benji's ass-pussy.

"You ready for some dick, baby?" Chris whispered in Benji's ear.

"Please baby. Fuck me now. I want your dick deep inside me," Benji whispered back passionately.

Chris grabbed Benji's ass with both hands and lifted him of the ground. Benji wrapped his legs around Chris's torso and wrapped his leg around his back and shoulders, leaning so his ass was exposed and poking. Their combined skill allowed for the union of ass and dick, as Benji squirmed a little in Chris's hold while Chris moved his dick around until he could feel Benji's hole. He then dropped Benji slightly until the bottom was penetrated and primed for sex. Benji could feel Chris's massive schlong forcing its way up and into his colon. He kept dropping his weight until he could feel nearly all of its length inside him.

"Now! fuck me daddy," Benji said.

Chris didn't need to be asked twice. He grabbed a grip on Benji's ass and began to fuck him in the standing position, making Benji bounce up and down on his dick like a hood rat. With every rise and fall, nearly all of Chris's fat length would spear Benji's ass. Somewhere in the corner of his mind arose an amusing thought of Vlad the Impaler, the gruesome tyrant who had a taste for impaling his enemies to death through the anus. Now he began to feel like he knew what that was about as he felt his ass stretched by Chris's Impaler. It was ecstasy however, not torture, that Benji experienced from this impalement as every nerve and erogenous zone inside his ass was stroked and fired up. Benji felt like a small child in the arms of a giant as Chris's bulk and muscle supported Benji entirely, who wasn't exactly a lightweight. 

Benji felt his ass being raised up high then brought down suddenly, his stretched hole fitting snugly around Chris's dick.

"Oh baby," Benji moaned at the delicious feeling of all that meat inside him. He squeezed his legs tighter around Chris's waist and tried to savour the moment, letting the dick rest inside him for longer and making smaller, slower rises and falls. "Love that dick baby... Sooo good."

Chris dropped his hands from Benji's cheeks and insinuated that the bottom should take some control. Benji began to speed up with his fucking and raised and jumped higher, gyrating his hips more and more as he felt the dick inside ram and smash inside his tight booty walls.

"Yeah son, fuck my dick like that. Twerk your ass baby," Chris encouraged, slapping Benji's ass.

He was a true athlete, he knew. He had Benji supported on his torso and held him there by carefully leaning back enough to create a balance for them both. Now Benji was riding him mid-air like he was at a rodeo, grinding and slapping his ass onto Chris's pelvis and frame like he was a gay cowboy.

But soon Chris began to tire and so he grabbed Benji's ass again, held him firm and then without warning bent him forward till Benji was falling back and onto the bed. They crashed onto the bed and Benji felt the full weight of Chris's body drive the dick further up his colon.

"Oh fuck!" he cried as he felt Chris's dick break new grounds. And when he thought it would get easier, he was wrong. Chris began to hump faster, pressing himself hard onto Benji's body and they were hugged tight, while Chris drove into Benji's ass-pussy like an animal on heat. Benji scratched at Chris's back and wriggled underneath his bulk.
