 Hey, thanks for the comments, guys! Really nice to know people like my writing. Okay, I'll smush together two chapters this time 'cause I didn't realize how short the first one was... So not only is this Nix's blackmail, but also his first day working for the incredibly hunky Rafe. :D Happy reading!

-------------------------------------------

"Wh-what?" I asked, hoping I had heard him wrong. "What did you just say?"

Rafael simply smiled at me, coming closer till we were toe-to-toe. I couldn't look him in the eye, so he simply tilted my chin up, though I still refused to meet his gaze. Instead, I looked at the small, upside down cross hanging from his left ear. Obviously, someone didn't believe in God, or if he did, he didn't have warm and fuzzy feelings for the 'great being above.' "You heard me perfectly fine, Nicolas, but I suppose it wouldn't hurt to repeat myself. I said 'be my slave.' As long as I can keep a leash on you and claim you as mine, no one--vampire or human--is allowed to lay a hand on you."

"But I'm not 'really' gonna be your slave... Right?" 

Rafe gave a feral grin. "We wouldn't want to be lying now, would we? You're quite beautiful and I wouldn't mind it greatly if I had you as a pet." 

The word pet sent a disgusted turn in my stomach. I had seen what happens to vampires' 'pets.' Often times they were left broken and mindless, no better than heavy drug addicts. Raped, beaten, bitten, whatever, and they still loved the leeches they call master. 

"Fuck you," I growled, my voice trembling, terrified. What was worse; death, or the fate that surely awaited me if I turned to this blackmailing asshole? Besides, pets usually meant sex, and no way in hell was I having sex with a man, much less a parasitic one. 

"All in good time," he said, gesturing for Luke to go. "Leave us," he ordered, and I felt a rush of panic as I realized my only savior was going to leave me alone with a bloodsucker. I was about to reach out to keep him in the room when the door closed behind him, locking me in with the beautiful yet lethal Rafe. I could admit that he was astonishing looking, but that didn't mean I wanted to fuck him. 

I backed up till I hit the wall, my hands in front of me to ward him off. "Look, Mr. Nives, I think I'd rather be drained than become some fanger's fuck toy. And being bitten hurts like a bitch, so that's saying something."

Rafe tilted his head slightly with a curious expression. "Tell me, Nicolas. How many times have you been bitten?"

I frowned, wondering what he was getting at. "Eleven?" I guessed, not really knowing. I knew the number was some where around there but I didn't care to remember the experiences, preferring to put them behind me. After all, none of them was pleasant.

"Interesting. And none of these times have you felt any pleasure from it?" 

"Look, just what the hell are you getting at?" I asked, and Rafe came close again. I had to look away. I had heard that simply looking into a vampire's eyes could hypnotize you, and while I didn't know if this was true or not, I had no desire to find out. 

Rafe grabbed my chin again, forcing me to look at him. I couldn't help it; curiosity got the better of me and our eyes met--his a strange purple color that was not normal but beautiful all the same. I tried to close my eyes, but couldn't, and I didn't know if it was because he was controlling me or I was simply too mesmerized to do it. "It doesn't have to hurt," he murmured, leaning down to lightly nip my chin. "If you don't fight it, it feels like sex," he growled out, his tone low and husky, and my cock reacted with gusto. I silently told it to go back down, but it didn't listen, hardening even more when Rafe's lips--hot and wet--moved from my chin to my neck. A thrill of pleasure shot through me when he lightly nipped, his teeth gently scraping against my skin, and I made a small noise between a moan of need and a whimper of terror. "Shh, it's okay," he said softly, stroking my hair. "It's not going to hurt. It'll feel like a pinprick," he soothed, and I found his voice surprisingly relaxing. "That's it..." I swallowed hard.

"P-please d-d-don't," I stuttered, unable to get myself under control. I was both amazingly aroused and deathly afraid of the man pressing me against the wall, his body flush against mine. I could feel his erection through his tight jeans, pressing against my lower stomach, and a flash of heat went through me, my own cock pressing almost painfully against my fly, eager to be let out. 

"Just relax, Nicolas. It won't hurt if you relax..." His hands moved up and down on my arms, and I felt his tongue flick lightly at my pulse, causing it to race faster. My own body was betraying me, at war with my head. I felt another brush of teeth, harder this time, and clenched my hands into fists, not knowing what to do with them--use them to push him away, or try to pull him closer? In the end, I did neither, just standing there, trying to breath normally even as I was on the verge of hyperventilating. 

"Mr. Nives, d-don't," I whispered, but he ignored me. Slowly, I felt a stinging pain begin in my neck, surprisingly gentle even while it burned. Still, even that made my cock throb, the light pleasure-pain making me moan. Rafe grabbed my hips, pulling me against him, and sunk his fangs all the way into me. 

For a moment, I could feel his heart race in time with mine, could feel the need in him echoed through me. Then it shattered as he sucked hard, drinking my blood, and I cried out. With every pull, it felt like he was doing the same thing to my cock--sucking it hard and long, desperate to get more. It was painful, but it felt so damn good that I would've collapsed if not for his arms wrapped around me, safe and warm for reasons unknown. "Aaaah, 'Rafe'!" I cried, grinding myself against him. I teetered on the brink of what I knew would be one of the best orgasms I ever had, and Rafe dug his fangs in deeper.

A shock of pleasure went through me, making my whole body shudder as I climaxed, my pants soon becoming wet with my own cum. I rocked my hips against the vampire's leg, crammed between both of mine, and trembled from the aftershocks. Shockingly, even after my intense orgasm, my dick hadn't yet gone flaccid, still retaining the hardness as if I had never come. In fact, it was even harder than before, creating a rather noticeable bulge in the front of my pants. I felt Rafe's fangs slide out of me, just as slowly as they punctured my flesh, and his lips glided over my ear. "'That,' my dear Nicolas, is what feeding is supposed to feel like."

I swallowed hard, disgusted with myself for enjoying it, disgusted with myself for wanting more even as I knew it was wrong. "Let me go," I whispered, feeling violated, yet warm and content in the vampire's arms. 

After a moment, Rafe did as I said, his eyes dark as they watched me. His gaze slid over me, smiling as it came across the boner I was currently sporting. Instead of being good and disappearing, it twitched behind my zipper, and I felt my face turn dark with shame and embarrassment. "Nicolas, your body's reactions are nothing to be ashamed about. In fact, it really is quite a turn on to know that you liked it so much." I said nothing, turning for the door. "Oh, and Nicolas?" I stopped. "I expect you to be here tomorrow at seven thirty sharp. Failing to do so will result in punishment," Rafe said, his tone suddenly razor sharp. "And you will refer to me as Sir or Master. Have I made myself clear."

Rage boiled my blood. "Crystal... 'Sir,'" I added sarcastically, almost as an afterthought. I didn't bother to turn around to see his expression, instead walking out the door and slamming it closed behind me. 

............ 

I quickly threw on a pair of too-tight leather pants that showed off all my, eh-hem, 'assets,' and added a torn black shirt to match that showed more skin than hid it. The floor length mirror attached to the bathroom door showed a five foot eight guy with blond spiky hair, eyeliner, and a body that was neither scrawny nor ripped, but reached a perfect point in between. For a brief moment, I thought about slipping on my glasses instead of wearing my contacts, but sighed and quickly ruled it out, putting in the prescription lenses. Geek chic mixed with male stripper/biker didn't exactly mix well. Satisfied, I checked the time on my phone and grimaced when I realized it wasn't that far off from being seven thirty. While I pretty much loathed Rafe, and would gladly never see him again, I was afraid of what my punishment would be if I was late. Fortunately, it only took me a couple of minutes to walk to the club from my shabby, slightly run-down apartment complex. 

Black Out was already pumping music as the usual crowd and a few new-comers filed in, being checked out by the bouncer--Romeo--at the door. I slid in and made my way upstairs, looking at my phone again and knocking on the door one minute before my time was up. "Come in." I did, seeing Rafe at his desk, typing something on a laptop that hadn't been there the previous night. He looked up and smiled at me. "Right on time, Nicolas. Would you like something to drink?" He asked, gesturing to the chair in front of his desk.

"No." He raised an eyebrow.

"No, what?" For a moment, I completely forgot what I was supposed to call him, and I thought about feigning innocence, then sighed.

"No, thanks, 'sir,'" I corrected, unable to help tacking in the sarcastic, bitter note at the end. 

"We're going to have to work on that attitude of yours, but first, I want to discuss your file with you. When did you start becoming addicted to heroin and other hard drugs?"

I squirmed, uncomfortable with the subject. "When I was eighteen. I've been clean for a year now."

"Why did you do it?"

I squinted my eyes at Rafe. "That's personal."

"Nothing is personal for you anymore. You're mine, remember? Now, why did you do it?"

I openly glared at the fanger. "Because some fucked up shit happened to me, okay? Is that what you want to hear?"

"And what, exactly, happened?" His scrutinizing gaze only pissed me off more.

"Some fangers raped then killed my mom and sister right in front of me, then proceeded to rape me before trying to rip my throat out," I said, my tone cool and hateful. Whether it was directed at all vampires or just Rafe specifically at that moment, I wasn't sure. "So excuse me for not exactly joining the band wagon about this whole Master/Slave scenario."

Rafe was quiet for so long I thought that I had ticked him off some how. "I know what happened to your parents--word of the incident had spread all over the community like wildfire. I also know that the surviving victim was, himself, a half vampire, from the father's side. You hate the very thing that you were born as, and it's quite sad that you've never experienced the... 'fun' side of vampirism. I would love to teach you, but you're too afraid of anything that has a set of fangs. But remember this, Nicolas: I will not hurt you while you are with me, and I will not force you into anything that your body does not want," he said softly, and somehow, his words comforted me. I shook off the feeling, slightly horrified that he knew what a freak of nature I was. It was a little late to deny it, though, since he had taken my blood the day before. I decided not to comment on any of that, instead skipping to the last part he had said. 

"Then what was last night, huh? 'Cause I sure as fuck didn't want that!" My voice had gone high and broke, something that always happened when I got angry, and something I always hated. 

Rafe examined me with those strange violet eyes of his, his long eyelashes casting pointed shadows across his cheeks. "You were obviously aroused when I fed from you. Your mind might have been fighting it, but you truly liked what I was doing to you." As he said this, he rose out of his chair and came around his desk to face me, tilting my chin up with a finger. "What little pain there was only stimulated you more, and you even reached an orgasm. Without having to touch yourself, I might add," he said with a wolfish, predatory grin. "You wanted it, Nicolas. You wanted it very, very badly."

I shoved the vampire away from me. "Piss off," I said, turning around to walk back out the door.

"Nicolas." Rafe's disapproving tone stopped me in my tracks, something like anger in his voice. "Don't forget. You walk out on me and you are a dead man. I am the only one who can save you from being sucked dried, fucked, and left in an ally like a forgotten whore." 

His crude words made me cringe as I got the mental image of my own death. It didn't take me long to make my decision, self preservation ruling over humiliation and degradation. "Fine. What do you want me to do?" I faced Rafe again and saw his satisfied smile. 

"I have a package I want you to deliver," he said, and I had to stop a snicker. He sounded exactly like a mob boss in one of those movies you see on cable television. "It's to a friend of mine."

"Fine. I'll deliver your damn package. Anything else, 'Sir'?" 

"No. That will be all for now." He walked back over to his desk and opened a drawer, pulling out something square and wrapped in brown paper. Drugs? Money? A really hot porno? The size didn't hint at what it was, and it could've been pretty much anything. He handed to to me, and I hesitantly took it, the wrapping making a creaking sound as it fell into my hands. He handed me another piece of paper, and a glance at it told me that it was an address and a name. "Don't open it," he warned. "And trust me, I'll know if you do. I took your blood, remember?"

Anger raced through me, clouding my vision. So he hadn't took my blood because he wanted to show me that it could be good, or because he was simply hungry. He did it so he could check in on me to make sure I was doing what I was supposed to. Sneaky, manipulative bastard. I didn't say another word as I walked out the door and left Black Out.

I shoved the package in my leather coat as it started to rain, the water dripping off of my hair and washing out the carefully applied gel. I checked each street sign I passed, finally finding Bliler and took a quick turn, shivering as I heard a clap of thunder overhead. If I got sick because of Rafe, I was going to be pissed. After another couple minutes, I saw the right number. The house definitely wasn't what I expected from one of Rafe's friends. A dark blue with a broken out window and an unkempt yard, it didn't belong to a wealthy man. Still, it was none of my business, and I shrugged it off, giving a quick, loud rapt on the door. "Hey, is Ricky home?" I hollered, and the door creaked open ominously.

I blinked and slowly stepped inside, looking around. The inside was sparse--the house was empty. No furniture or anything. "Hello?" I whispered, and even then, my quiet voice echoed around, bouncing off the walls and making it seem much louder than it was. The rain beat outside, a creepy background to the scene, and a shudder ran down my spine. I saw a pair of bright green eyes peer at me from what seemed to be the kitchen doorway. "Uh, Mr. Nives sent me," I said, pulling the package out of my inside coat pocket. The man, tall and gangly, gave two long strides and was standing in front of me, snatching it out of my hand.

"Look what we have here..." He said, and I swallowed thickly as he reached out and I skirted his hand. "Rafe's little slave boy. Tell me, slave boy, has he fucked you yet? Of course he has. Rafe likes to fuck, doesn't he, Marybelle?" At the question, a woman slid over next to the man, and Marybelle smiled cruelly. Something inside of me screamed for me to run, and I did, but the door slammed and locked itself, barring me from escaping. 

"Oh, what a pretty little thing," Marybelle cooed. "Can we keep him, Joseph? Pretty please?" 

Something seemed wrong about the name, and I remember who I was supposed to give the thing to. "Where's Ricky," I said suspiciously, a sinking feeling in my gut. Joseph stepped aside and I saw an arm hanging out of the doorway, no body attached to the thing and blood pooled around it. I felt like I was gonna be sick. 

"Of course, Mary." Joseph came at me, and I tried to run, but he was too damn fast. I felt an arm wrap around my waist, and, for the third time in two days, a pair of fangs sank into my neck.