 I never saw it coming. I am a workaholic, working 60 hours a week in the office and working Saturdays and Sundays at home, mostly online. My wife thought I had an online girl friend, but the thought never crossed my mind. In my position of Marketing Manager for a startup firm, I was coming up with new ideas every day. The problem was I had to implement each of them and from start to finish, it took away all of my free time.

Weekends our entire neighborhood ended up at Jim's house down the street. He would drag his grill out to the front in his driveway and we would cook up some tri tip steak and drink beer all night. Not rowdy, just a neighborhood party every Friday and Saturday evening. It was come and go as you pleased, and the entire neighborhood joined in. 

Our neighborhood had one black family, and one day we heard screaming from their house. Yelling, verbal abuses thrown back and forth. That night the wife and daughters moved out, leaving Brad all alone. He had always joined our parties, so it was no surprise to us that he was drinking heavily the weekend after his family had left him. Actually for him, he loved the freedom.

He got so drunk my wife along with Jim's wife had to walk him home. Brad wasn't a bad guy, in fact he is one of those black guys who doesn't know he's black, and fits in to almost any crowd.

Towards the end of summer, my wife and Brad disappeared from one Saturday party. I hadn't noticed because I was eyeing Jim's wife, a dead ringer for Shania Twain… Dumb as dirt but a beautiful, thin brunette who couldn't hold her liquor.

Suddenly some of the neighbors were whispering, and walking away from me. That's when I heard the neighborhood drunk telling everyone that that my wife and Jim we at Jim's house fucking their brains out. I never saw it coming. 

I went home in disgrace, and locked myself in our bedroom. 

The next day she moved out, and into Jim's house. That was two years ago and today she's married to him. 

The thing is, I wasn't upset. I was ready to move on. I didn't realize what I was moving on to.

While working/playing online I had discovered all of the free online porn sites and loved looking at white married women sucking and fucking black men. Mostly sucking them. If the women in the photos had a wedding ring on, I assumed they were married to white guys, and cheating like my ex wife did. Seeing white married women with black guys really turned me on. 

Last Friday I was on line and popped into a Married Men For Men's chat room on line. After two years of sulking and working myself into a cave with no friends outside of my office, I was interested in checking things out. The men for men thing just sort of came up and I was curious about it. 

When I was married I had considered sharing my wife with another man, watching and possibly cleaning both of them up afterwards, but that opportunity was gone. And I had gained about 40 pounds since my divorce so I didn't feel secure in front of women.

So I'm in the chat room and suddenly I get an instant message from someone named Randy Johnson. 

"Hi, how you?"

"I'm well thanks, and you?"

And we chatted for about 15 minutes before he finally asked me what I was looking for. 

I told him I was curious about sucking on a nice safe cock. That's when he told me about his thick, black cock. I froze and he asked if I was still there.

When I told him my wife had left me for a black guy, he hesitated and asked me if I wanted to meet him to kill him. I told him no, I wanted to find out what was so great about a black cock. I couldn't believe the way I was acting, but I had to know. 

He drove to my apartment, a bit skeptical. He had really taken control of the chat when I told him I wanted to be a slave to his superior black cock… He told me I would be sucking it all night long.

I knew better than that. I could hold out on coming with my wife for nearly 30 minutes, but when I came, it was once and I was done for the night.

Randy walked to my door and knocked. I opened it and it scared the hell out of me looking at him. He was tough looking, but he was here, so I let him in, afraid he might make a commotion if I didn't.

"I'm sorry Randy, I don't think this was a good idea." He lightly slapped me across the face and told me to get on my knees. When I didn't he looked me square in the eyes and said, "I mean it boy."

I did as he said, and was face to face with his zipper. 

"Pull it down boy," he ordered. I did, and realized he wasn't wearing underware. His black cock popped out in front of my face. 

My hands were ice cold, and I was scared to death, wondering what the heck I was doing in my apartment, on my knees before a black man I knew nothing about.

"Kiss it. Go on, you know you want to," he instructed. I started slowly with a light kiss on the tip of the head of his hardening cock.

"Come on boy, you can do better than that. After all, you did tell me you wanted to worship my cock and become my cum slut tonight. You are going to get your wish boy. Now, lick the head slowly, and be very careful of my snake."

He was right. I wanted to taste it and no matter how terrified I was. I automatically leaned into his cock and slowly sucked on it, taking a little more each time I went up and down, wrapping my tongue around and around it. He was getting rock hard with a huge mushroom head. He was thick and at least 7 inches long, maybe longer. 

I didn't see it coming. I was sucking a black man's cock in my apartment and I was enjoying it. 

He told me to lick his balls, slowly. My stomach rolled at the thought. I had never considered that. But I was so excited and knew I was not in control of my body, which was now on auto pilot. I moved my tongue down his cock to his huge, hairy balls. Slowly I took one into my mouth, careful not to harm him, sucking it lovingly. I wanted this. Then I moved slowly to his other huge ball. I would never be able to get both in my mouth at the same time, but he didn't care. He started moaning. His body stiffened and I was sure he was going to cum. 

"Okay slut, now work my black cock like it is the only thing on this earth that means anything to you."

Again, I went back to his cock and started sucking it, just as he said. Nothing mattered but his cock and I started to get into the fact that I was doing something women had been doing to me for years. I wanted to prove myself to him, to show him I was better than any woman who had ever sucked his sock. 

Now I knew what my ex wife was experiencing every single evening. Black cock. I suddenly realized that blacks may be a minority but they have a special power over our women and now me. I worshiped that cock.

I was sucking it up and down, picking up speed just enough to make him want to explode. I was watching for the signs that he was going to cum, because although I was enjoying myself and I knew I was going to make him cum, I also knew I would never lower myself to swallow his black cock cum. 

After about 5 minutes his body did stiffen. I slowly started to pull my head away, trying not to be noticed. I thought I had made it when I felt his huge hands grab the back of my head and force it down his entire shaft. "Boy, you're gonna love this."

The first blast hit the back of my throat and my stomach turned. It was hot and thick but so far had no taste. Then the second and third blasts filled my mouth and I was forced to swallow, surprised at how hot his cum was. 

He kept blasting jets of cum into my mouth, and I was swallowing as fast as I could to keep up. The delicious bitter taste of his cum filled my mouth and my stomach. Finally, his body relaxed and he slumped backwards into the wall. 

He was right. I did love it. I never would have swallowed if he hadn't forced me to, but I never would have been able to forgive myself if I hadn't swallowed his cum. 

I just realized how sore my jaw and knees were, and I started to get up to get away from him, hoping he was ready to leave.

"Wait a minute boy. That was just the first round. I'm just going to relax for a minute then you can start working your magic again on my black snake. I can usually go two to three times a night. I have to admit boy, you sure are a good cocksucker.

My mind was spinning. I had accomplished what I had set out to do, and in doing so discovered that there is something special about a black cock. I can't explain it, but there is this power black men have over all of us. I just hope they don't discover it.

Minutes later I was on my knees while Randy spread out on my bed. I was sucking his black cock for the second time tonight, and I was loving it. 

To be continued…