 I woke up this morning fresh and ready to relax poolside, knowing that it had been two weeks since I had been blacked by Ray. Although the experience had scared the hell out of me while he was at my house, it turned me on knowing I had successfully serviced a black stud. The power he seemed to have over me had subsided and I was finally back to my normal thought process. 

I spent about an hour poolside, taking in the California sun and reading a Clancy novel while sucking down a triple rum and diet coke. I finally had a weekend to myself with no work to do and no family hanging around. I chatted it up with a woman who lives a few units down from my apartment. She looked great and I was hoping to make a connection with her, if not tonight at least laying some groundwork to meet up with her in the very near future.

I took one last dip in the pool to cool off and headed back to my apartment for a well deserved afternoon nap, my head spinning after my drink. 

I unlocked my door and headed to the refrigerator for some water when there was a loud knock at the door. I wondered if my lady friend had followed me home or if I forgot something at the pool.

I opened the door and there stood an older black gentleman wearing a delivery uniform, carrying a note pad and a small box. I automatically assumed it was a delivery for me. The gentleman looked me in the eyes and asked, "Are you the Cocksucker Boy?"

I looked at him completely unable to respond. Then I looked around to make sure none of my neighbors were in earshot of him. He was direct, loud, and I didn't need trouble.

"I asked you a question boy. I was told there was an outstanding white boy cocksucker who lived here by my friend Roy. He owes me a favor and told me to stop by here today and said you would take great care of my cock. Are you the Cocksucker Boy?"

He was starting to speak louder, so I told him to come in to try to diffuse the situation. 

"Listen boy, I'm not in the mood to play games. Ray said you are a great cock sucker and I need my lizard drained now!"

I told him that there must be some mistake. That I didn't even know a Roy.

He pulled out a photo of me, on my knees, with my mouth filled with a huge black cock, and I remembered Ray had taken some photos.

I don't know if it was this towering black man in front of me or the rum in my system but I suddenly felt very submissive and still could not answer him.

The man, who introduced himself as Rodney, told me to get on my knees. I did and he told me to unzip his shorts. I pulled his zipper down and his brown uniform shorts fell to the floor. He wasn't wearing any underwear and I was shocked that his cock was already getting hard.

"Ray told me you do more than suck cock. He said you worship cock. He promised me you would take better care of my cock than a $200 whore. That's a lot to live up to boy. Are you that good?" 

I looked up at him and said, "Listen, I don't want any trouble. I just want to get you off and let you leave. Please keep your voice down so my neighbors don't hear you."

His body had a strong odor that turned my stomach. 

"Well, get started boy," he said to me.

"Listen, Rodney I would love to suck your wonderful cock but I think I could do a much better job and you could relax more if I gave you a hot shower. It would be my first time ever in the shower with a guy. Are you up for that?"

He thought about it for a minute and said, "Sure. Go get it started, and get me a drink while you do that."

I started the shower, and asked him what he wanted to drink. "I don't suppose you have any White Star Champagne here do you? I understand it goes well with cum, and we could both have a glass or two."

I had a few bottles, which Ray must have noticed when he was here. I opened a bottle and poured Rodney a glass and started to pour one for me. "No boy, not yet. A glass of champagne will be your reward after I've fed you. Now, let's get that shower out of the way."

We walked to my shower and I allowed him to enter first. He asked me to join him and I did. I grabbed the soap and started scrubbing his body, starting at his shoulders and working my way down his back, reaching around to wash his chest. When I reach his cock, I noticed it had deflated but soft it was still over 6 inches long. I made sure I cleaned his cock, balls and ass completely. The warm shower water was helping to clear my head. I wondered if I could get him off in the shower and then have him leave.

"You want it don't you boy? Go ahead, take a taste of that black cock. Take it in your mouth."

I got on my knees and started to kiss his cock. I figured if I got him hard and made him cum he would be happy and leave. But his sock wasn't getting hard. I couldn't figure out what I was doing wrong until he said, "I've always wanted to do this. Enjoy this boy." 

I couldn't believe he was cumming so quickly, so I opened my mouth and couldn't believe what happened next. I never saw it coming!

My mouth quickly filled with his golden stream of piss. I was ready to spit it out until he slapped my face and told me to swallow it and to be quick about it. I am so glad I had been drinking earlier, it didn't help the hot, salty and vile flavor of his piss but it did help get me through it.

He let go another stream, and another and one more. I swallowed three more times, and finally he was finished.

"Wow that was great boy. I've always wanted to find a slut who would do that for me."

I grabbed the soap and cleaned him off one more time and made sure I was clean too, making sure to swallow shower water whenever I could to rid my mouth of the taste of his piss. 

"Okay boy, lets dry off and get you worshipping this black cock of mine."

I gargled first before doing anything else. 

Then I dried him off making sure his body was completely dry then dried myself. We headed to my bedroom where he lay down on my white down comforter. His black skin stood out against the white comforter. He let his legs fall over the side of the bed so his ass was at the edge and told me to get on my knees.

"Go on boy. I love it when a white boy sucks my cock. In fact, I only let white guys suck me. Black guys are too smart to suck cock."

For the second time in my life I was under the power of black cock. As much as I wanted to get up and run, I also wanted to please this guy. I kissed his cock first, then slowly took its head in my mouth. My body took over as my mind went blank. I was sucking black cock and this man was fully in charge of the situation. What was worse was he came to my apartment uninvited, and that bothered me. But not enough to stop. 

Remembering my experience two weeks ago, I moved my lips off his cock, now at least 7.5 inches and rock hard and moved down to his huge hairy black balls. I licked them, over and over and then dropped my head lower to lick his ass. He was moaning as I stuck my tongue deep in his ass, then moved my mouth up to his balls again and took one in my mouth as I slowly moved my tongue around it, over and over. I couldn't fit both of his huge balls in my mouth at one time, so I moved to his other and sucked it softly. 

Then I moved back to his cock. I took as much of him into my mouth as I could, filling my mouth and causing me to gag. He grabbed the back of my head and pulled it into his crotch forcing me to open my mouth as far as it would go as his cock entered my throat. 

"Ah that's it cocksucker. Now you're getting there. Keep sucking me boy." I did as I was told, suddenly realizing that I loved sucking black cock. I have no idea what power it holds but I knew now I would do anything I was told to do to please a black man. 

I wasn't paying attention to what was going on around me until it was too late. I never saw it coming!

There were two other men in the bedroom with us. I had not thought to lock my door. Two more black men, one with a camera capturing on video my second black cock session. 

"Don't worry cock sucker, these are my bros. They're here to make sure you enjoy yourself, aren't you bros?"

I started to pull of his cock when he grabbed my head again, and this time he started to fuck my mouth. All I could do was to keep my jaws spread wide open and wait for him to slow down.

"That's it white boy, worship that black cock. You know you love it. Go on, tell me you love my black cock."

I looked up at him and tried to speak, but his cock kept ramming in and out of my mouth. But it was clear to him, his friends and the camera that I loved sucking his cock.

Suddenly his cock seemed to grow even larger and his body stiffened. I knew what was next and my mouth filled with his hot, thick cum. He kept blasting and I was forced to swallow. It wasn't as bad tasting as his piss earlier but it wasn't something I would normally swallow either.

Four more blasts and he was finished. He slumped back on to my bed and looked me in the eye. "Ray was right. You are better than a $200 whore! You white boys know how to suck black cock and you seem to love it. I can't believe you let me piss in your mouth earlier!"

"What?" It was one of the other two guys in the room. "You mean this white boy let you give him a shower? Did he swallow your pee man?"

"Swallow it? He gulped it down like it was a cold beer. Come to think of it, I owe him a taste of White Star, grab the bottle in the kitchen and bring it in here guys. Did you like the taste of my piss and cum white boy?"

I looked him square in his eyes and said, "Like it? No. I loved it. I was like drinking pure honey." I had to say it. I didn't want him to think he won.

The black man who was watching earlier returned with the bottle of open champagne. "I think I can pour it for him if you don't mind bro."

He walked up to me and told me to open his pants. "No, not again," I said. "You've had your fun, now leave."

He slapped my face, hard. Now I was totally sober and the pain in my cheek burned.

"I said open my pants boy. Ray told us you loved black cock and said we could borrow you tonight. Now get my pants opened up and start sucking me boy!"

I opened his pants and pulled down his underwear without having to be told to. Then I moved my head in to his cock, about 6.5 inches hard, and took it into my mouth. That's when I tasted the White Star running down his cock into my mouth. I ended drinking nearly half the bottle while sucking his cock and again started loving the position I was in. The champagne helped relax me. I decided that these guys were going to leave here knowing they had been well serviced.

The power these black men had over me is difficult to explain. Knowing I was satisfying my second black stud tonight made me feel proud. He fucked my face and I took every inch of his black cock in until he blasted his cum into my throat. I loved it. This time it tasted wonderful and I drank every single drop.

I looked directly at him and said, "Your cum tastes wonderful sir. Thank you for sharing it with me."

The guy with the camera came over to me and pulled down his shorts. He turned around and lay down on his stomach while handing the camera off to one of the others. "Boy, I need my ass licked. I've never had a whitey do it and I want you to be the first. And I expect you to do a damn fine job there!"

If there is one thing I like it's being told what to do. If he had asked me to lick his ass I would have balked but he was in control and telling me what to do. I did exactly what he said to do and started licking his ass. I could tell he had showered not long ago and I attacked his ass with my tongue and lips, making sure he knew it didn't bother me to service him this way.

After a few minutes he turned over and his 7" cock was at full mast, ready to be serviced.

"Lick my balls boy. You need to please me more before you taste my cock."

I gently took each of his hairy balls into my mouth, one at a time, and licked ever single inch of them, over and over again. Then I moved up his cock with my lips, kissing the thick head first, then slowly taking it inch by inch into my mouth, moving up and down slowly so he could enjoy himself and so I could taste him.

His friends were watching. They had opened another bottle of champagne and were getting into watching my mouth action. Both were sporting hard ons again. 

After about 10 minutes of moving up and down, faster and slower on this black cock he finally stiffened and shot off in my mouth. This load was thicker than the last two, and I had to swallow six times before he finished using my mouth. Once again I looked into a black mans eyes and lied, "Your cum tastes wonderful sir. Thank you so much for sharing it with me."

He grabbed a glass of champagne from his friends and I tired to also but was told I had to drink a beer instead. 

"The champagne is for the black studs boy. But we promise you a taste of it very soon."

I grabbed a beer and headed back to the bathroom, hoping they would get dressed and leave, knowing my jaw wasn't going to be able to service any more cock tonight. I discovered the guys had moved into the bathroom so I walked into the room to see what was going to happen next.

"Okay boy," Rodney said, "get into the tub and on your knees."

I wasn't sure how I was going to do this, as each of their cocks were hard and my mouth was killing me.

The three of them stood side by side as I moved to kiss each cock head, one at a time. Three black cocks, and I wanted them all again, no matter how much I hurt.

"Open your mouth boy, here comes the champagne."

I did as I was told to do and suddenly realized what was going to happen, but too late. Three hot streams of piss shot into my mouth and I tried to swallow as much as possible, but I lost as much as I swallowed. I never thought it would end but finally, after gulping and gulping black mans piss, they finished. 

"You are something else boy. I've never seen anyone so eager to please our black cocks. Don't worry, you'll get to see yourself in action on line later tonight." They gave me a URL to visit on line, then they quickly dressed and left my apartment, joking and slapping themselves on their backs as they left, knowing they had the power to control me.

I took a very long, hot shower and drank a half a bottle of Listerine to try to rid my mouth of the taste of their piss and cum. I couldn't believe what I let them do to me, but then again, I was so high on the thought that I had just successfully serviced three black men.

Then I started to wonder what was going to come next from Ray.