 When I turned 18 I had a lawn mowing business for the summer. It was just me, and I used it to earn extra money. It all started about 6 months ago; I see a hot looking neighbor move in down the block. This guy must live to work out; I have never seen a guy wear so many different leather outfits. I had gotten a summer gig mowing lawns; hey it pays well for about an hour's work. I had fliers up around the neighborhood and had quite a few customers.

Then one day I got a call from a guy asking about me mowing his lawn. He asked me about prices and how long it usually takes me, and when I am available to mow. I tell him that it depends on the yard. He asks if I can come over and appraise his lawn for him, and I say sure and he gives me directions. I get halfway there before I realize it is him.

He is waiting for me on his front porch. I walk up and introduce myself. We walk around the yard and I quote him a price and he quickly agrees. I keep getting the feeling that he is checking me out, interesting because I am doing the same thing to him. He asks if I can start on Saturday, and I say sure.

About a month goes by and I hardly see him except when I am mowing the lawn and after when he pays me. But one Saturday when I am mowing his lawn he has to rush out, he tells me that he has to leave and that he can pay me my money if I come by later on that night at around 8 pm. I say no problem and finish his lawn. I go home and take a shower and change and lounge around the house and just take it easy for the rest of the day.

I get to his house about an hour early, I see his car in the driveway so I go on over, I also notice a motorcycle parked out by the street. I go up and knock on the door, a few minutes later he comes and answers it wearing a long black robe. His face looks really red and sweaty. I comment on that fact and he says he is working out in the wreck room. I say cool, and that I don't want to keep him, he hands me the money and I leave.

He shuts the door and I go to walk home, when I see him through a crack in the curtains in his wreck room. He drops the robe and I see he is wearing only a black leather jock strap. My curiosity is in overdrive. I go to the window and peek inside. There bent over a table with his hands shackled to the other side is a guy almost as hot as my neighbor, completely naked with a ball gag in his mouth.

I have never seen anything like it in my life and I am very turned on. I rub my crotch a few times through my jeans, and then realize that I am doing this out in the open, so I run back home. The next week is almost a blur; all I do is fantasize about what I saw. Saturday comes again, and I go a mow his lawn. After I'm done, he comes out and says good job, and to come in and he'll get me my money. I follow him in and shut the door behind me.

He is wearing black leather pants with a zipper running down each leg, a black tank top, and black leather boots. He hands me my money and I comment on his choice of clothes on this hot day. He laughs and says yeah, but that he had just found the pants in with some of his old clothes and wanted to see if they still fit him. I don't really buy that story, but hey, he looks hot to me. We chit-chat for a second or two then I say that I have to go. He says hang on a sec and that he wants to show me something. He puts in a video, and I see a night view of outside of a window. Then I realize that it is his window, and there I come up looking in. The video shows me spying on him and rubbing my crotch. I don't know what to say and he just looks at me like a predator. He asks what my parents would think if they saw this. And all I can do is hang my head in defeat and mumble that I am so dead, over and over again.

He tells me not to worry; that he can think of something else to do other than show my parents, but that it would cost me. I say okay but that I don't have much money. He says that he doesn't want money. I look at him puzzled and ask if he wants me to cut his lawn for free. He laughs and says no, and that he still is going to pay me for that. He tells me to follow him. I do and he leads me into his wreck room.

I recognize the table immediately. I he looks at me again and gives me the same evil smile and asks if it looks familiar. I say yeah. He orders me to strip, I hesitate but he holds up the tape, so I do as I am told, and he says, "Good, now get on your knees bitch!"

I ask, "What?" and he reminds me of the tape. I comply and get on my knees. He walks up to me and his crotch is in my face, and I can see his bulge through his pants. He tells me to unzip him and get to work. I unzip him and his hard cock leaps out at me. I stare at it and then look up at him in a questioning way.

He looks down and says, "Come on boy--blow me; you know how, and if you don't it's high time you learned." He forces me onto his cock and I start to do what I girls have done to me. It takes a few minutes to get used to it, but I get to like it. And I soon work up a nice speed. I am beginning to enjoy it and I start to moan and so does he. I use my tongue to work his cock head as I go up and down on his shaft.

He starts saying what a good cock sucker I am, and how I am a natural, and how he is going to use me more often. The thought of it makes me pick up speed. After a few more seconds he pulls me off of his cock. He pulls me to my feet and pushes me over the table. It's made of wood but the top is covered by black leather padding. He shackles my wrists the same the other guy was shackled. I feel him pull apart my ass cheeks and then something wet touch my ass hole.

He then goes to town with his tongue in my ass, darting and licking his tongue in and out, deep and hard. I am moaning and writhing on the table; I am in pure ecstasy. He has a hold of my ass cheeks to keep them spread. But he doesn't need to, I am loving his tongue action. I can feel my asshole quivering. I try to push back into his tongue, desperate for more depth. Then he stops. I feel something push up against my ass hole. I'm not sure what it is at first, and then I realize that he wants to fuck me. He looks at me bent over and says, "Now I'm gonna fuck that ass of yours!"

I tell him "no" and that I don't like that. I say that he is too big for me. I tell him that I'll suck him off and that I'll swallow even. He says no and then he starts pushing his cock inside me. I feel a lot of heat on my ass, like it is on fire, it hurts a lot. I actually feel when his cock head pops past my ass muscles. I tense up and grit my teeth, but he keeps pushing further and deeper inside my virgin ass. I tell him that it hurts and to stop but he doesn't listen; he just keeps pushing till he is all the way inside of me.

He just waits with his whole hard cock buried in my tight asshole. He lets me get used to the feeling of the cock, and then he starts to pump in and out slowly. I start to get into the feeling. He is really going slow. I am beginning to get over the pain of it. He goes all the way with the head almost popping out, then to all the way back in again. He starts to pick up speed. I am at this point going along for the ride. I am actually pushing my ass back to meet his cock. He grabs my hips and says, "Okay bitch-boy, you like that? Now I'm going to show you what it is really like to get fucked. I'm about to ram it home hard."

With that he starts plunging his cock all the way out of my ass and then all the way in again, every time he pulls out a nice popping sound comes from my ass. He is working my prostate so much that I am about to cum without being able to touch myself. I am loving the feeling of this anal drilling. I am moaning loud. I tell him to fuck me harder. I keep yelling, "Fuck me! Fuck me hard!" He doesn't disappoint. He is really enjoying taking my asshole for the first time. He keeps moaning and telling me to take his cock. He calls me all sorts of names. I just moan louder and take what he gives me.

I am still bent over and his thrusts are making my cock slide over the leather. This is bringing me close to cumming. The deep prostate pounding and leather on my cock finally sends me over the edge. I start spewing cum all over the table. With me cumming my ass starts to tighten involuntarily, and that pushes him over the edge. He pulls out and cums all over my ass. I lay there still unable to move, trying to catch my breath.

He unshackles me and says, "Good boy. Same time tomorrow, now go home, I have lots of shit to do today."

I quickly get dressed and leave. I get home and almost fall asleep when my body hits my bed. Oh what a day--and tomorrow...