 I strode purposefully and confidently through the open plan office. It was a bright sunny day and I whistled with glee as I wound my way through the desks towards my office. Stopping with my hand on the handle to my door I turned as if I had just remembered something and looked towards where Roger sat shuffling papers at his desk. He seemed to visibly cringe as he realised I was staring at him. God, this felt good, having power over him now after he had for so long subjugated me.

"Roger, my office in five minutes. I've got something I want you to do. OK?" 

It wasn't a question, and we both knew it.

I sat down behind my desk, which used to be Mr. Thompson's until I had deposed him and leaned back in my relining office chair, hands clasped easily behind my head. A big, cheesy grin played across my face as I contemplated what had happened and how I had turned things around. But my contemplation was interrupted by a timid knock at my door. Ah, Roger had arrived. I left him hanging for a minute until he knocked again, whereupon I pulled the door open and snarled at him.

"I heard you the first time. Do you think I'm deaf?"

"No, sir. Sorry, sir" he stammered weakly.

This four words brought an even bigger smile to my face. I was going to really enjoy this.

"Come I then and close the door behind you".

I watched as he turned and shut my door and heard the distinctive snick as he turned the lock on the door. As he turned back to face me I appraised him, seeing with almost pride the change in his demeanour since I had turned the tables on him. He was transformed in just a few short weeks from a bullying, dominant older man who forced me to love the taste of his thick cock to a weak-willed submissive that I could tell to do anything I wanted. And I loved it!

"Get naked Bitch (I especially enjoyed using his pet name for me to humiliate him).

"Yes Sir." 

He knew better than to disobey me now.

I watched him cast aside his suit and still admired his firm body, very good for his age and one that until so recently I had been forced to (and often glad to) serve. His strong arms, his taut stomach and his thick dick, currently flaccid, hanging between his legs. He tossed his clothes onto the couch in my office and I beckoned him to come closer.

"Roger, I want you to go and unlock the door. Let's allow a little risk here shall we."

He turned shamefaced from my instruction, aware I had found him out and slunk back to my door and unlocked it with a satisfying click. Now anybody in the firm could walk in!

I stood up behind my desk to, firstly, demonstrate to him the large ridge that jutted from my crotch under my trousers , and secondly, to usher him in before me and press my hands on his shoulders and force him to his knees beneath my desk. Once in position I unzipped my trousers and allowed my throbbing erection to bounce out and smack Roger on his forehead before stuffing it into his willing, waiting mouth. As he began to suck enthusiastically at me I pressed the intercom on my desk.

"Uh, Miss Laing could you come in here for a moment?"

Louise Laing, my new 19 year old personal secretary, a leggy blonde that seemed to have a wardrobe consisting entirely of micro-mini skirts and tight blouses. She entered and sat on the other side of my desk, Roger's cock sucking shielded by only a thick wooden vanity board under my table. Whether she heard the soft sucking noise coming form my crotch or saw the pile of clothing in the corner I don't know but I like to think she did. I dictated a short letter and gave her a winning smile as she rose. I thought that soon I would ask her to accompany me on a business dinner and have my way with the dirty bitch. After all it was a long time since my cock had penetrated female orifices since my wife cuckolded me.

Ah, my wife Julie. The woman who I had loved and who I had betrayed with Roger and who had then joined him in my humiliation. Right after turning over my position with Roger I had kicked her out of our family home. She had moved in with her lesbian friends Kay and Lynn and to my eternal glee she had managed to split them up and was now shacked up with that vindictive bitch Kaye. Ah, life was indeed sweet!

So sweet that I was feeling my cum boil inside my bloated testicles and as Louise closed the door behind her I reached under the desk to keep Roger's mouth atop my cock and peered down to see him close his eyes and gulp a large mouthful of my cum down as felt myself spurt fiercely down his waiting throat.

Before he had swallowed the load I hauled him to his feet and manhandled over my desk, his firm arse thrust up and gave him six hard spanks, enjoying the red marks that appeared on his skin. I dragged him from there over to the couch and sat upon it, my legs apart and had him kneel between my knees and slowly masturbate me back to hardness.

"Park your ass on top of that Bitch" I instructed him, "I'm gonna fuck you senseless".

Roger obediently clambered atop me and placing him hands on my shoulders he wriggled himself atop my hard cock and slowly as I closed my eyes he began to rock back and forth atop me, back and forth, back and forth……

Suddenly a palm exploded on my cheek.

"Wake up Bitch, you're wet dreaming again and I've got so much fun lined up for us."

Through bleary, tired eyes I blinked up into Roger's cold, mocking eyes, Slowly it all came back to me. It had all been a dream, just what I was wanting to happen, not what was really happening. The reality was that I was still well and truly Roger and Julie's bitch, doing whatever they demanded whenever they demanded it. Right now I was on a plane crossing the country to a sales conference held in a four star hotel. My companions, Roger and Mr. Thompson, my fellow tormentor from work.

As I came further awake I took in my surroundings, although it was pretty late at night Roger's harsh urgent voice had caught the attention of many of our nearby passengers, they strained to see who he was addressing as 'Bitch'. I felt my cheeks burn with shame as I weakly nodded and allowed him to take me by the hand and drag me behind him down one of the aisles. We barged past Kirsty, a real hot stewardess who had definitely been giving me the eye as we had boarded the plane and had found reasons to chat to me twice already on the trip, which I could see had annoyed my Master. He led me on to the front of the plane and opened the door to a toilet cubicle and almost flung me to my knees inside. I knelt humiliated at his knees.

"Unzip me you piece of shit!"

Trembling I did as instructed allowing his huge erection out and into my face. A sharp tug to my blonde hair forced my mouth open and Roger wasted no time in ramming his thick slab of cock into me and starting to pump it relentlessly in and out of my gasping mouth. He was angry I could tell, maybe he had an inkling of what I had been dreaming of, I don't know but he had never been this rough with me before (and he had been harsh before), the thing is I loved it, more than ever before I was turned on. I felt my own cock strain against cloth at my crotch and felt so dirty and nasty at being turned on at being treated like a piece of shit whore by this man.

This couldn't last long and it didn't. Just as I felt Roger's hairy balls bounce against my chin, he pulled out from my mouth and still holding my head by my hair he directed a thick stream of his cum all over my face. Two streaks of cum came down from each eye, down each cheek and pooled together on my lips. Snarling he bent down to address me.

"You'll fucking leave that facial on when you go back to our chairs. Once you're there you'll call your little stewardess girlfriend over, say you've spilt something on your face and when she asks what, you'd fucking better exactly what that is. Understand?"

I could do little but nod and agree. Roger left the tiny cubicle first, making a show of zipping up his flies as he exited the room. I followed immediately after him , dishevelled, out of breath and my face splattered with his cum. Through restricted vision I followed him back to our seats, knowing that anyone who had watched us must surely know what had occurred in that cubicle. Finally, we made it back to our seats and I received a sly, knowing wink from Mr. Thompson as I sat back down between him and Roger. Then with trepidation in my actions I indicated to Kirsty that I required her attention.

She sashayed over beautifully, her long, dark hair neatly bundled under her cute little cap. She had a massive pair of breasts and they were displayed wonderfully in the tiny jacket she wore and as she approached she smile and asked how she could help.

"Can I have a tissue please, I've got something on my face I need to wipe off."

She came closer, peered at my face inquisitively. 

"No problem, what is it?"

Without missing a heartbeat I told her.

"It's my Master's cum" as I said that I felt Roger's hand snake over the arm rest and begin to fondle my still hard crotch. This time he spoke to the shocked stewardess.

"Actually dear, cancel that last request, my bitch can wear my cum until we land. OK?"

Disgusted she marched off no doubt to tell the other stewardesses of what had transpired. I just sank back into my seat. Roger and Thompson shared a laugh.

The rest of the flight was a blur to me. I could not find sleep again and had the constant feeling of drying cum on my face. I felt every face in the plane was looking at me and despite desperately needing to visit the bathroom I could not bring myself to rise from my seat and expose myself to the scorn of my fellow passengers, whether real or imaginary. So it was some relief that we arrived at the airport and sped through it, reaching out hotel midday that Monday afternoon.

The conference we were at was an annual one but it was the first time that I had attended as I tended to view it as a bit of a waste of time in the past, instead concentrating on working. This year I didn't have a choice. Roger told me in no uncertain terms that I would be expected to attend alongside him and Ron Thompson. We booked in to our adjoining rooms and I was glad to shut the door and collapse on my bed. I lay face down on the large hotel bed and almost sobbed as I felt the crust on my face break off. They had made me leave it on my face the whole journey. I undressed and quickly fell asleep atop my bed, tired from the activities of my night journey.

Once again I came awake to a slap from Roger, this time as he hauled my bedcover to expose my naked ness to both himself and Ron . They had looks on their faces that suggested I was about to sate their carnal desires. I managed to turn my head to look at the alarm clock and see it was five o'clock in the afternoon. I had slept for three hours.

"Rise and shine sleepyhead, we've got plenty of work for you" taunted Ron as he hovered over me as I tumbled at their feet on the floor, he was stout man with a stout dick that I had serviced a good few times since Roger had set me up with him in his office.

"But first we've got a treat for you Bitch, get on your hands and knees" , Roger demanded of me and I followed his instructions to the letter.

Once in position their motives became clear as each unzipped their hefty cocks and Ron stuffed his man meat into my mouth as Roger eased his into my arsehole. Although I had taken both men's cocks in my holes before I had never done both of them at the same time. I would be lying to say that I was not turned on as they spit roasted me and quickly found a pattern to their thrusts so that as my face was thrust back so were my thighs and then Roger thrust forward into my ass. I was still slightly out of it from my trip and being so rudely awakened and it took me a moment to realise that Roger was talking on his mobile telephone.

"Hi Darling, just called to let you know we arrived safely. Yes, I initiated the Bitch's mouth into the mile high club on the flight. Yes, he loved it. As a matter of fact right now me and Ron are giving it to him hard in his mouth and ass. I will. See you when we get back Friday night."

"That was Julie, your darling wife, she says hi and that I should spank your ass for her."

He did just that slapping my ass ten times, each time harder than the last. My roasting seemed to go on forever as both men managed to keep from cuming, seemingly for ages. Eventually as I thought they would never quit I felt Roger withdraw his cock from my asshole and shuffled around so that his dirty cock bobbed, hard by my face as I continued to suck Ron off.

"Got space for two in there?" Roger enquired.

Ron paused, his member half way in my mouth and with his finger he cruelly stretched my lips to the side and looked up with a smirk and replied.

"Yeah, we'll fit your 10 incher in there easy, what do you reckon, Bitch?"

I nodded and gagged simultaneously as Roger slid his cock into the space and with both of their cocks in my mouth. I felt myself get even harder myself. God, I really was the slut that they had made me, and I reacted like this to their treatment. My mouth was crammed to overfill and I concentrated on breathing through my nose as their thrusts into my mouth got more and erratic and soon Ron let fly with a thick stream of cum deep in my gullet. Roger came as hard just seconds later and he ordered me to keep the jism in my mouth and show it to them pooled under my tongue. As I did this the two of them slapped their soft, wet cocks against my cheeks contemptuously as they joked at what a whore I was.

They then stood back to enjoy as, under their orders, I tossed my own cock until I came in my hand and then held my sticky hand up to let my cum drip down and into my open, waiting mouth and mix with the heady cocktail that was already in there. Once they were satisfied I had it all I was instructed to gargle it and then let it slide down my throat. I did all this and felt so dirty and nasty.

The conference was pretty large and held annually in this plush hotel. Like most, it was an excuse for salesmen and women to have a good time on their company's expense and then pretend it was a worthwhile exercise that would benefit the company. It would kick off tomorrow for real but most of the delegates had arrived today and I guessed that as the three of us descended from our floor to the bar that there would be a fair number of the others gathered there. I was correct and the place fairly hummed with shop talk. The three of us stood on the threshold of the bar and took in the sounds and smells, thinking about it I really fancied a drink right about them. Before I moved into the bar, Roger stopped me.

"Simon, I want you to go over the bar and buy yourself a drink, make it a cocktail with one of those little umbrella's in, and sit and drink it at the bar. Make sure you sit where we can see you."

Bemused, I nodded and did what he said. As I did that Roger and Ron started to mingle with the crowd and appeared to be handing out something to various people they met. They were regulars at this conference and seemed to know many of the people there. Something was going on and I didn't have a clue what but felt, instinctively that it wouldn't be good news for me. Soon I felt that every eye in the bar was upon me but was I paranoid? Roger, then Ron joined me and we had a few drinks in relative silence before Roger suggested we head back upstairs.

They told me to prepare for a meal at nine and after a shower I got my suit out ready for dinner. But before I could dress Roger and Ron came in to my room and told me to stay naked, they then hogtied me so that I was on my knees with my wrists tied to my ankles. I allowed them to do this resigned to whatever my fate was. They tied a collar to the light fitting in the ceiling then snapped it onto a collar which the placed around my neck. Essentially this bondage held me in place below the light and powerless to move my arms or legs.

"This is what we were handing out downstairs" and he held out a small card which I read.

THE EFEMINITE BLONDE GUY AT THE BAR WILL BE OUR BUKKAKE DELEGATE TONIGHT. ROOM 2310 AT NINE.

"You see Simon, it's a tradition at the conference that someone brings a newbie to service us and provide the entertainment on the first night and this year you are the lucky bitch. You're going to stay there as a line of guys and girls come in to see you and jack off on you. Should be fun, no?"

The first knock came at the door exactly at nine and that was followed by a steady stream of people over the next twenty minutes, there were nearly forty guys and five women by the time Roger closed and locked the door.

"Everyone, this is Simon and he's my little Bitch. C'mon Bitch show them your devotion to me and he prodded his hard dick at my face.

In front of this audience I accepted my master's cock into my mouth and he continued to address them.

"Not only have I made him my cock-sucking Bitch but I have also taken his place in his wife's affections and he is now nothing more than our plaything. But tonight he is your TARGET! As per normal you can each take a shot to cover his slut's face with your cum. Ron d'you want to go first?"

He didn't need asking twice and as I continued to suck on Roger's pacifier Ron jerked his hard dick off in my face and quickly shot a thick, creamy load over the right side of my face. I felt shame and humiliation as it hit my cheek and slowly meandered downwards but it was a turn on as well as an embarrassment. What followed just magnified that forty times as one after another each of the guys stood over me and squeezed out their cum onto my face until by the end my face was nearly obliterated in their cum. Cameras flashed as I knelt there, and Roger took great care using a hotel glass to gather up as much cum from off my face and held it to my lips to drink down. And I did all of this without a word of complaint, I now knew my roll in life, any thoughts of revenge were rapidly disappearing as he heaped humiliation upon humiliation on me. 

Roger actually laid off me pretty much that week, although I still serviced he and Ron's cocks each and every night in the hotel. But the conference was still a terrible humbling experience for me, nearly every delegate seemed to mock me with their eyes. Maybe I was paranoid about it, I couldn't even see half of the men who had cum all over me face let alone recognise them again. Even so I seemed to see knowing smiles and nods everywhere I went that week and I was certainly relieved to be travelling home on the Friday.

The three of us arrived back at our home airport at six thirty - thankfully our journey back was nowhere near as eventful as my dream/nightmare flight out four days earlier. Roger drove Ron back to his home and an hour after landing we parked in our drive. I hadn't spoken to my wife, Julie since the previous Sunday, so I didn't have a clue if she would be home or not to greet us.

"Leave the bags, Bitch. You can get them in the morning. Lets just get inside."

As I led the way up our front stairs I felt Roger's hand grope my ass and I couldn't help trying see that none of our neighbours had seen. He continued roughly fondling my ass cheeks as I struggled to fit the key in the lock, my haste not helping my efforts. I was barely in the door and he was unbuckling my belt and I stood there uncomplaining as he striped first me and then himself.

He ran his hand through my short hair and whispered in my ear.

"Let's have a welcome home fuck eh?, Bitch. I'll bet your hot young wife is waiting in there to see my hard cock return to satisfy her so we'll show her it's in fine form. Come on bend over Bitch."

He pushed me forward and I felt his hands spread my bum cheeks apart and spit on my asshole before inserting his big cock into my, by now used to it, backside. As he began humping me and pulling himself deeper and deeper into me he leaned forward and commanded me to get 'vocal' in my appreciation of his efforts. To tell him how much I enjoyed it and what a Bitch I was. Too tired and defeated to remember my history I just obeyed him.
