 All characters in this story are over the age of 18.

*****

I had never been happier to be the product of two absentee parents. All I had to say was that I was going on a weekend camping trip and wouldn't be available for calls. Now I was all set to be loaned out as a fuck boy to Bill all weekend long. I arrived at Marty's house at 5pm. Marty answered the door in his usual black pants and t-shirt. He asked me if I was ready for my weekend with Bill. I said that I was all set and that my parents wouldn't be a problem.

Marty smirked as he said, "I should keep you here one of these weekends, and fuck you all weekend long too. I never thought of doing that, since you live right across the street and always run here when I call you. But keeping you naked all weekend and fucking you every chance I get sounds fucking hot. But first, get in here. I'm going to fuck you once last time, before I send you to Bill."

I then stepped inside. Marty then pushed me over the back of his couch and pulled my shorts and underwear down. He then shoved his entire length of cock, right up my ass. I gasped and moaned, as I felt the sudden intrusion of hard cock. Marty then set a fast pace, as he slammed his hard cock in and out of my ass. I was moaning, as his hard cock rampaged in and out of my ass. Marty's grunts and groans were loud and deep as he worked his way to orgasm.

Neither of us heard Bill's truck pull into the driveway. I slightly jumped when I heard the doorbell ring. Marty ignored the interruption as he continued to blast me ass with his hard cock. Bill then banged loudly on the front door. Marty finally answered him, saying, "Come on in, and shut the door behind you. I'm fucking busy."

Bill opened the door and came inside, shutting the door behind him. He looked at us and laughed, saying, "Don't you mean, you are busy fucking?"

Bill laughed at his own joke as we continued to ignore him. Marty was so concentrated in fucking my tight ass on last time before he left, that I doubt he even heard Bill's joke. Marty was moaning and groaning louder than ever now. Then force of his thrusts were rocking the couch back and forth, as he continued to roughly fuck my ass. I was trying to hold onto the couch and keep myself from being pushed over the top. My ass was being fucked so hard, that it was quite a workout for me, just to stay in this position. 

Marty started to pull my hips back to meet his forward thrust, shoving his hard cock deeper and deeper into my ass. I knew that he was making a statement to Bill. That I was his property, and that I was only being loaned out to Bill for the weekend. I wondered what I had in store for me over the next few days. I imagined I would be licking his asshole a lot, sucking his hard cock, swallowing a lot of hot cum, and having my ass filled with as much hard cock as Bill could muster.

I was brought out of my inner musings, as I felt Marty slam his cock deep inside me. I then felt an explosion of hot cum begin to fill my insides. I moaned, as I felt his hot man cum flow into me. Marty then pumped his softening cock in and out of my ass a few more times, milking out all of his cum. He then let his cock slide out of my asshole. I stayed in the position, as I caught my breath. There I was bent over the back of a couch with my pants and underwear around my ankles, with my ass filled with hot man cum. I had just been roughly fucked in front of someone, and they both acted like it was the most normal thing in the world.

I then heard Bill say, "Well, I'm here to take possession of your fuck boy, until you get back Sunday. I promise not to break him. Come on boy, it's time to go."

I stood up and went to pull up my underwear and shorts, but Bill stopped me and said, "Nope. No underwear for you. You can have your shorts on when we leave, but as soon as we get to my place, you'll be getting naked and staying that way until I bring you back Sunday."

I nodded and said, "Yes, Sir." 

I then kicked off my underwear and pulled up my shorts. I felt a little weird, because I never went commando, unless Marty ordered me to. I figured me being in clothes wouldn't last long anyways, so what's the point. I grabbed my bag and was ready to go. Bill then guided me out the door, and smacked my ass hard as I walked past him. I heard Marty yell from inside, "Just remember, I want my fuck boy back in the exact same condition that I gave him to you. He better not be stretched out. I like his asshole nice and tight like it is."

I was embarrassed that Marty had yelled this at us, but I didn't see anyone else around to hear it so I guess I was ok. Bill and I then climbed into his truck and drove away. I started to buckle my seat belt, but Bill said, "No, you sit in the middle. You're gonna suck my cock while I drive us home. Now get over here and start sucking, boy."

I did as ordered, and scooted onto the middle of the truck. I then buckled the lap belt, and bent over Bill's lap. I removed his hard cock from his pants and began to suck his hard cock. I started off by sucking his cock head and running my tongue over it. I continued to do this as Bill moaned, as he drove. I then began to bob my head up and down, sucking his cock shaft. I was working my head up and down as fast as I could, sucking deeply as I went. I then felt the truck slow down, and Bill roll down his window. I wondered what was going on, but I continued to bob my head up and down on his hard cock.

I then heard a robotic voice say, "Welcome to McDonalds. Can I take your order?"

Bill then ordered a Big Mac, large fries, large cock, a water, and a grilled chicken salad. I was stunned. I was sucking his hard cock for all the world to see, as he went through the drive-thru at McDonalds. I wasn't sure what I was supposed to do, but Bills hand forced me to continue sucking his hard cock. I did as instructed, as Bill drove on to the first window. I heard the boy at the window give a quiet yelp, when he saw my head bobbing up and down on bill's cock.

The boy stuttered out Bill's total. Bill the paid for the order and drove to the next window. I tried to ignore everything else, as I continued to suck his hard cock. I felt Bill grab his food and laugh as he told the drive-thru attendant, "He just couldn't wait to get home, before he wrapped his lips around my cock."

With that, Bill laughed and drove off. I just hoped no one recognized me. After a few more minutes of driving, I felt the truck pull onto a steep incline. I then felt us make a few sharp turns, before coming to a stop. Bill then pulled my head off of his cock, and got out of the truck. I followed him inside. Bill left his hard cock out of his pants and swinging freely, as he walked to the front door. His house was huge. It was out in the middle of the woods up on top of a hill, with no other houses or roads in sight.

I grabbed my bag and followed him inside. His house's interior had the feel of a rustic cabin. I saw a big fireplace in the living room and a giant flat screen TV mounted on the wall. The floor, walls and ceiling were all hard wood, and added to the look of a cabin in the woods. Bill walked to the kitchen and put the food in the refrigerator. He then looked at me and said, "Ok, boy. Strip. You won't be wearing any clothes here, until I take you home. But you will be wearing this."

He held up a black jock strap and threw it to me. I examined it, then started to strip naked. I got completely nude, then put on the jock strap. I have naturally pale skin, so the jock strap stood out against my milk white skin. I positioned my cock and balls inside the jock strap, and got comfortable. The jock strap only kept my cock and balls covered, My ass cheeks only had two thins straps running over them to hold the cod piece in place. My asshole was exposed to the world.

Bill standing in the middle of the living room as he watched me. His hard cock was still out as he smiled, saying, "Yeah, that's better. Well time to try out that ass. Follow me." 

He then walked down the hallway and into another room. I followed him as ordered. I walked in behind him to discover a "play room" much like Marty's. I saw a similarly padded table, a black leather padded "saw horse" looking device, a giant "X" with leather shackles at each corner, and a black leather sex swing. Bill looked back at me, as I looked at the swing and said, "Yeah, you're right. Let's go for a swing first. Climb on up."

I walked over to the swing and started to climb into it. It was a little tricky because it had a tendency to swing when I put my weight into it. I was finally able to position myself in it, on my back, with my head resting on the pillow. I placed my ankles in the stirrups and waited for more instructions. Bill smirked at me as he stroked his hard cock. He then began to strip naked. When he was completely nude, he walked towards me and placed his hard cock head against my asshole.

He then plunged his hard cock all the way into my ass. I gasped as he drove his hard cock deep into my insides. I felt my body swinging freely as the chains holding me up swung to and fro. Bill then grabbed my hips and began to roughly fuck my ass. I moaned at the depth and speed of his hard thrusts into my ass. I had only been fucked doggie style and me riding the cock, so this was a new experience for me. Bill was very experienced with this position. He set a gruelingly hard and fast pace as he fucked my ass.

I moaned and groaned at the hard ass fucking I was receiving. Bill was grunting as he drove his hard cock faster and deeper into my willing boy hole. Bill was moaning loudly now, as he continued to roughly fuck my ass. He moaned out, "Oh, yes. I definitely need to get a fuck boy of my own. I need someone like you around that I can fuck and who will suck my cock whenever I want. Heh, got any friends that might be interested, boy?"

I moaned back, "I don't think so, Sir. But I didn't know that I would enjoy this so much until Sir started fucking me on a regular basis."

Bill laughed at my admission, as he continued, "Well, be on the lookout for someone about your side that can appreciate a nice hard cock and would be willing eventually to belong to me."

I nodded in agreement, as Bill continued his assault on my ass. I then thought of something, and couldn't stop myself from asking, "What about the food you bought earlier, Sir? Shouldn't you eat that before it get cold?"

Bill laughed at me again, saying, "No. I don't eat garbage like that. I usually cook all my own meals. I just wanted you to suck my cock, as I went through the drive-thru. Made those other boys all hot and bothered when they saw a young boy sucking on my man meat. I bet they go home and jerk off thinking about it later. Boys always get hot and horny when a man takes charge of them. Even if they deny it at first."

I nodded again at his explanation. He was right, I had been thrilled and excited at the thought of sucking his cock so visibly to others. I moaned, as I felt his hard cock begin to fuck me harder and deeper as Bill worked up his speed. Since he was explaining things to me so freely, I decided to ask a few more questions while he was still so talkative. I chanced to ask, "What do I need to do, while I'm here, Sir? Is there anything I should know. I've never been kept for more than a few hours by my Sir."

Bill grunted out an answer, saying, "You'll stay naked the entire time. You'll crawl on your hands and knees everywhere, unless I tell you differently. You will always kneel at my feet, and place your face in the crotch of my pants. When I sit down, you will lay your head on my crotch when I have clothes on. Anytime I am naked or have my cock out, you will suck my cock until I tell you otherwise."

"When I tell you I want to fuck, you will get on your hands and knees and push your ass in the air. I will fuck you in other positions, but that is your go-to position. Any time you get hungry, thirsty, or have to use the bathroom, you will ask permission first. When I take a shower, it will be your job to clean my boy, then dry me off afterwards. When we are sleeping, you will sleep with your head on my cock. I want my big cock to be the first and last thing you see every day. Any time you wake up, you are to suck my cock until I say otherwise. Do you understand all that, boy?

I was excited at the thought of all that was expected of me this weekend. I answered, saying, "Yes, Sir. I understand, Sir."

Bill nodded, as he continued to fuck my ass. Bill then began to moan louder and louder, as he felt his balls begin to draw up. He knew that he would soon cum deep inside this fuck boy's ass. He then began to pick up the pace of his thrusts. I felt my whole body being shaken by the force of Bill's hard thrusts into my ass. I knew he would soon fill my boy hole with his first shot of hot cum. I moaned as I began to tighten my asshole around his hard cock. Bill moaned back, as he felt my asshole tighten. He then pulled me hard into him as he shoved his hard cock deep into my insides.

Bill let out a moan that seemed like a roar, as he felt his orgasm crash over him. I felt the first twitch of his cock, deep inside me. I moaned as I felt a spurt of hot cum spray into my ass. Bill continued to plunge his hard cock in and out of my ass, as his man seed was pumped deep into my insides. I had come to love the feeling of hot cum pouring into me. I moaned as I felt spurt after spurt of his hot cum coat my ass. Bill's cock was now slowly softening, as he continued to pump in and out of my ass. I felt the last few spurts of his cum enter me.

Bill finally stopped fucking me and stayed still, as we both enjoyed the feeling. I clinched my asshole a few more times, as I attempted to work more of his cum into my ass. Bill moaned, when he felt my asshole tighten around his soft cock. He then slowly removed his cock from my ass. I felt my asshole clamp shut, now that I was empty. I stayed still, as I caught my breath. Bill stood in front of me, catching his breath as well. He then began to take my legs out of the stirrups, and help me down.

I flopped down on my knees on the floor, as I continued to breathe hard. Bill took a nearby towel and wiped himself off, then walked over to the couch and sat down. I crawled over to him, as I had been ordered to do. I placed my head between his legs, and began to slowly suck his softened cock. Bill ignored me and turned on the TV. I heard him channel surf for a few seconds, before choosing ESPN. I continued to suck his cock as he watched the sports commentators argue over the upcoming football season.

I smiled, as I continued to suck his cock. He was ignoring me. I decided to really make it hard to watch TV, with my mouth on his cock. I began to really suck his cock deeply. I used all the techniques that my Sir had taught me. Since his cock was still soft after his recent orgasm, I was unable to deep throat him. But I was able to suck his cock head hard and bob my head as I sucked his cock shaft. I began to stroke his cock shaft with one hand, as I massaged his balls with the other. Bill moaned, at my attention to his cock.

Bill looked down at me as he said, "Boy, if you are trying to get me hard again so I will fuck your ass, keep doing that. Marty sure has trained you well. You might just suck me dry."

I smiled around his cock, as I continued to suck him deeply. I then felt his cock jerk and twitch in my mouth. I knew that he would soon be hard again. I wondered how he would fuck me this time. I bobbed my head up and down as I sucked his cock shaft, as I continued to stroke his cock and massage his balls. Bill then moaned out, "Boy, I just may have to invite a few friends over and let them fuck you too. I know Jeff would love another go at you. And I know of at least three other guys, who love fucking boys. How does that sound?"

I moaned an affirmative answer around his hardening cock. His cock was growing in my mouth quickly. I was now able to deep throat him. I took his cock head all the way into my throat, and began swallowing around his cock head. Bill moaned, as he felt my throat muscles rubbing over his hard cock head as I continued to swallow as fast as I could. Bill apparently decided, that I needed another round of his hard cock in my ass. He pulled me head off of his cock, with a slurping pop of my lips. I looked up at him, with an innocent smile, waiting for further instructions.

Bill was quick to say, "Ok, boy. Climb on up here and ride this hard cock."

I eagerly climb up onto his lap. I placed my legs on either side of his hips, and began to lower myself down onto his hard cock. I moaned deeply, as I felt his hard cock slide into my ass. I kept lowering myself until I had taken his entire hard cock up my ass and I was now sitting on his lap. I placed my arms around his neck for stability, as I began to rock my hips forward and back. I moaned again, as I worked his hard cock in and out of my ass.

I loved riding a hard cock. I always seemed to get more pleasure from this position. Even though being taken roughly from behind made me moan louder, I could ride a hard cock much better this way. My mouth was open in a silent moan and my eyes were closed in pleasure, as I continued to rock my hips faster and faster. I felt his hard cock sliding in and out of my ass, as I added more speed. I moaned involuntarily, as the pleasure of riding his hard cock washed over me. Bill began to buck his hips upwards to meet my hips as they rocked backwards, forcing his hard cock deeper into me.

Bill added his own deep moans to my higher pitched moans, as we moved in sync with each other. Our moans grew in volume, as we increased our speed. Bill grunted out, "Ride my cock, boy. Ride it hard. I want you to fuck your ass with my hard cock. Take it, boy. Take it all up your boy hole!"

I moaned louder, as his orders excited me. I had grown to love it when they gave me commands, as their hard cocks were inside me. The degrading things that my Sir, Bill, and Jeff had said to me, always made me moan in pleasure. I loved it when they treated me like a slut. The way they talked down to me, made me want to push myself harder. I remembered back to when all three of them fucked me over and over again at my Sir's house. I had taken to many loads of hot cum that day, that I actually lost count.

And the way that my Sir had made me beg to cum, had my own hard cock leaking precum, as I thought of it and continued to ride Bill's hard cock. My moans had now begun to grow faster, as I added more and more speed to my hips. I was riding Bill's hard cock at a fevered pace.. I knew that I could make him cum soon. I wanted him to moan loudly, when he finally shot his second load of cum inside me. I knew that he had a lot of things already planned for me, but I wanted to make him cum so hard that he actually forgot that he was supposed to be in charge.

I smirked as I continued working my asshole up and down his hard cock shaft. I had grabbed hold of the back of the couch and was using that as leverage to force my ass down hard on his cock. My arms were shaking at the force I was using to push my ass up and down on his hard cock. Bill was moaning deeply. I doubt I would have heard him if he ordered me to stop. I was so far gone in my own world, as I continued to smash my ass down on his cock as hard as I could.

I felt Bills hands gripping my ass cheeks tightly, as he kept my pace going faster and faster. My loud moans, had reached a volume, that they completely drowned out the sounds of his moaning. My ass was practically bouncing up and down on his lap, as I worked his hard cock closer and closer to orgasm. Bill's head was thrown back and his mouth was wide open, as he continued to moan louder and louder. My ass cheeks were making a loud slapping sound, as they continued to crash down against his thighs.
