 All characters in this story are over the age of 18.

*****

Dinner that night was pretty simple. Bill grilled some chicken. I was kept naked the whole time and I was getting used to the free feeling of staying this way. I kept thinking about what the next day had in store for me. I knew Jeff would probably join, so counting Bill that brought the number of men to 4. I decided that I wouldn't make myself cum, at least on my own account. I liked how depraved and slutty I get when I have not cum for a while. I kept feeling myself grow hard as I thought of today and what I would get to do tomorrow.

At about 10pm, Bill announced that it was time for bed. He led me into the master bedroom and I saw that the furnishing there followed that of the rest of the house (mostly hard woods and dark colors). He had a massive king size bed. I was left alone as he began his night routine. I sat on the bed and just looked around. I heard the toilet flush and saw Bill walking towards the bed naked and with his massive cock swaying. He then walked towards me, grabbed his cock, and pressed it to my lips.

Knowing what was expected of me, I immediately opened my mouth and began to suck his hardening cock. I felt his hand on my head pulling me closer to deep throat his cock. I obliged willingly and took his now hard cock deep into my throat. I worked his cock deep into my throat. I had one hand massaging his balls and my other gripping his cock shaft. I heard a grunt from Bill. I looked up at him and saw his head thrown back and his eyes closed.

I smirked at the effect that I was having on him. I began to double my efforts of sucking his man meat. I sucked him as deep and hard as I could. I actually felt his knees shake a bit as I was sucking him. Bill then pulled his cock out of my mouth and pushed me up onto the bed. He then flipped me over onto my hands and knees. I felt him spread my ass cheeks apart. I then gasped as I felt his wet warm tongue slide into my asshole.

I love the feeling of a good rimming. Bill had my ass cheeks spread wide and his face buried between them as he probed my puckered hole with his tongue. I was moaning and gasping in pleasure. Then without warning, Bill suddenly stood up and shoved the entire length of his hard cock into my ass. I yelped at the sudden intrusion. Bill gripped my hips tightly as he set a deep and fast pace of fucking my boy hole.

My whole body was being wracked by his unrelenting rampage of my asshole. Bill was grunting and groaning as he slammed his hard cock deeper and deeper into my hole. I knew he couldn't last very long at the pace he had set. I wanted a good and hard ass fucking before bed. I was loving the feeling of every inch of his hard cock thrusting deep into my ass before pulling out.

Bill now started to taunt me saying, "Yeah, boy take my hard cock. I'm gonna shoot my seed all in this boy ass of your's. Marty really knows how to pick a fuck boy, doesn't he?"

I could only agree by saying, "Yes, Sir."

"Me and the boys are going to fuck your holes so much tomorrow, boy. I bet you like the idea of that. Having 4 strong men feeding you their hard cocks and pounding your tight asshole. You're just a cock hungry fuck boy aren't you. I bet you can't even remember what it was like before Marty claimed this asshole and mouth of yours. Oh, yeah. Take my cock boy. Love it."

I was past talking now. I had to grip the bed sheets to keep myself from falling forward. Bill was pounding my asshole so hard and deep. Bill began to pull my hips back into him to meet his hard deep thrusts. I wish I could say that this hard fucking compared to when Marty takes my asshole, but this was so much harder and deeper than I was used to. I found myself wishing Bill lived closer to me. But remembering who I belonged to, I still preferred Marty's hard cock. Besides, I was not in charge of who fucked my asshole or who's cock I sucked. Marty owned me and I knew that.

Bill's thrusts had now picked up speed. He was pulling me into him and slamming into me so hard and fast, that out thighs were smacking together loudly. Bill then began to grunt louder and louder. I knew he would soon fill my boy hole with his hot cum again. I began to tighten my asshole around his cock. Bill's speed had now grown so fast that I thought he would start moving the entire bed.

Bill then gripped my hips tight, pulled me back and shoved his cock deep into my insides with all of his might. I then heard him grunt loudly as I felt a steam of hot man cum erupt into my willing ass. I clinched my asshole and worked my hips back and forth, to milk every drop of cum into me. Bill just let me work as he enjoyed his latest fuck of my boy ass. I felt full of his warm slimy cum. I imagined every load of his cum that he pumped into me already.

Bill then pulled his softening cock from my asshole. I slumped down onto the bed with a satisfied sigh. I barely remember what happened next. I think bill pulled me under the covers before joining me and turning out the light. But the next thing I actually remember is waking up draped across Bill's chest in the morning. I glanced at the clock and noticed it was now 8am. I looked and saw Bill was still asleep. I felt a hardness poking my thigh. I smirked as I slowly crept below the covers. 

I took my time, so as not to wake him too soon. I worked my way down to his hard cock. I guided his cock head to my waiting mouth. I began a slow cock sucking. I started with just the enlarged cock head. I took it all in my mouth and began a gentle suck. I would move my tongue around the bulbous head as I massaged his cock shaft with my hands. I emitted a soft moan as I enjoyed sucking. 

I then began to take his whole cock into my mouth and slowly bob my head up and down, taking his entire length into my mouth. I kept a steady and slow pace as I added more and more suction to his cock. I couldn't believe the change that had occurred in me, I used to be such a shy boy. I never even fantasized about being with a man. Marty had so completely changed me, that I was now willingly sucking a man's cock. I smiled to myself as I continued sucking what I had to admit was a delicious cock.

I never felt or heard any signs that Bill was awake, so I continued with my own wake up call for him. I was unbelievably horny with the thought of the upcoming gang bang that I was to receive that day. I didn't even realize that I had picked up speed, until I had worked his cock deep into my throat. I was now sucking his cock as hard and deep as I could. I figured that he deserved a nice blowjob from me, since I had already been fucked so well and would soon get even more.

I then felt the signature twitch of his hard cock. I knew he would soon flood my mouth with his hot cum. Taking the initiative even further, I then deep throated his hard cock. I felt his cock head go down my throat. I then swallowed as fast as I could, allowing my throat muscles to massage and work his cock head. I then felt the first jet of hot man cum erupt form his cock and slide down my throat. I continued to swallow around his cock head as a stream of cum went down my throat. 

I massaged his hard cock shaft, so I could milk all his cum into my mouth. I finally felt his cock begin to soften. I sucked his cock and cock head for a few minutes more, then I let his cock fall from my mouth. I licked up and down his cock with my tongue. I then sucked his balls lightly. After a few more minutes, I began to crawl back up and out from under the covers. I looked up and was met by a smirking Bill. I grinned in a satisfied way, as I laid my head back onto a pillow next to him.

Bill then flung off his covers and got out of bed. I will admit to a strong since of satisfaction, when I noticed he walked with a bit of a weak legged gait. Without looking back at me he said, "I'm going to take a shower, boy."

He then looked back at me and smirkingly said, "You can get one after me. Don't worry, I'll save you some hot water."

He then entered the bathroom and shut the door. I heard then sink turn on, and guessed he was going about his pre-shower routine. I then rested on the bed, as I heard the shower finally turn on. I lazily waited for my turn. After about 20 minutes, the shower cut off. About 5 minutes after that, Bill exited the bathroom wrapped in a towel. He then called to me, "Ok, boy. Your turn. Make sure you are properly clean. I want you sparkling when everyone get here."

I answered with my usual "Yes Sir" as I entered the bathroom. I noticed an unopened toothbrush sitting on the counter next to the sink. I unwrapped it and began to freshen up. After brushing my teeth I then used some of his mouth wash, to further get rid of my morning breath. I then entered his shower. He had an amazing walk-in shower. It had a glass door and was tiled floor to ceiling with a gray textured tiles. I noticed an giant over head showerhead and a smaller wall mounted flexible nozzle. 

I recognized the wall nozzle as being an enema nozzle. I guess he really did want me sparkling clean. I smirked as I turned on the water. I then jumped back as I was hit with freezing cold water. I turned the adjuster all the way to hot and waited for it to warm up. I was terrified when I realized that it was staying cold. Not seeing any way around it, I grit my teeth and stepped under the shower flow of ice cold water. I washed as fast as I could. I soaped up my body then used the shampoo he had at hand.

I then remembered the enema nozzle. I briefly wondered if I could get away with not using it, but considering how many loads of cum Bill had seeded into my ass, I decided against it. I then used some of the soap and lubed the enema nozzle, then some more on my asshole. I then began to work the nozzle into my ass. I was able to slip it in easily. I then took a deep breath and turned on the wall nozzle. I almost screamed, as the first blast of ice cold water flooded into my insides.

I braced myself against the shower wall, and stood there as I let the cold water flow into me. I felt the water begin to flow out of me, as I was now filled to the brim. I shut off the water and removed the nozzle to allow the water to sit inside me for a time. I then relaxed and let the water flow out of me, carrying with it all the loads of cum that had been inside me. I then reinserted the nozzle and continued the process, until I was sue I was satisfactorily clean inside and out.

I then shut off the and got out of the shower. I dried myself off and then hung the towel back up. Reentering the bedroom, I saw a leather jockstrap sitting on the bed. I walked up and picked it up. Bill then entered the room wearing a pair of black leather pants and black leather boots. Looking at me, he said, "Yeah, that's all you will be wearing today, boy."

He then chuckled and walked out of the room. I turned the jockstrap over in my hand, examining it. I saw that on the inside of the cod piece was a leather ring. I guessed this was to hold my boy cock in place and not allow me to get too much penile stimulation. I then began to work my way into it. I fit very snugly. I had to really tug to get it on. Finally succeeding in getting the leather jockstrap on, I had to admit that I liked the feeling. The leather strap on the inside held me cock tight and secure, I doubted it would be able to move at all. I looked at myself in the full length bathroom mirror, and had to smile when I saw how I looked. My ass cheeks were uncovered and ready for use. My cock, however was held tightly in place. I guessed, that this was by intention. Shrugging, I went to find Bill. 

I found him sitting on the living room couch and drinking coffee, as he watched the morning news. I sat down beside him, and contented myself with fantasizing about what was to come. Bill's phone then rang. Bill answered and spoke quietly for a few minutes, then hung up saying, "We're all set here. See you guys in a few hours."

Bill then smirked at me, as he stood up, and beckoned me to follow him. I got up and followed him into his play room. Bill then handed me a rag and a bottle of spray, saying, "Ok, boy. The men will be here in a few hours. You need to have this room nice and clean. I don't want a speck of dust on any of my things. Get to work."

I could only nod and say, "Yes, sir."

With that, Bill left me to my work. I worked my way around the whole room, carefully cleaning and wiping all of the leather clad devices that I was sure I would be using soon. I noticed the spray bottle was filled with some type of soapy solution, without scent at all. I guessed Bill didn't want the smell of leather to be lost to any harsh smelling chemicals. I also figured that the cleaning solution was probably designed for used on leather, to avoid damaging chemicals. I was in my own little world as I went from the padded table, black leather padded saw horse, the giant St. Andrews cross, and the black leather sex swing that we had already used. 

After I was done with all of those, I noticed a few other devices. I saw a metal cage. The cage was made of metal and it was only big enough for someone to stand straight up inside. The cage had a hinged door to enter and exit. I then noticed it also had 2 hinge sections that would open at waist level and at head level. I smirked to imagine the possibilities. Another consisted of two 4x4 posts secured to the floor, with three wood cylinder posts (about 2 inches in diameter) connected to the 4x4s in the middle. All of the wood was smooth and stained dark brown, I guessed to avoid splinters. I was a little confused looking at this. It appeared like someone could be "threaded" between the cylinder posts to prevent them from moving. 

I also noticed a black leather covered throne, with black leather covered long board in front of it. I examined the throne closer, and saw that there was a large hole where the person sits. The underside of the throne was open. I then saw that the long board in front of it had shackles (this is a personally designed "queening stool"). I guessed that this device was used to secure someone in place on their back, while they were forced to rim whoever was seated on the throne.

I recognized a black leather padded stockade in another corner. Oh how I imagined being strapped to that, bent over with my wrists and neck secured in the stock. My ankles secured to the floor, holing my legs spread wide. With a smile on my face and an tingling feeling in my asshole, I continued to clean all of the devices. I then moved onto the various leather whips, floggers, riding crops, and paddles hanging from hooks on the walls.

Feeling I was done, I stood up and took a quick look around the room. I then noticed a bed that was up against the wall. I walked closer and noticed the bed was set to hinges in the floor. I pulled the bed down, to find it covered in a black leather "sheet." I smirked at Bill's fetish for black leather. I then proceeded to wipe the leather sheet, before standing the bed back up against the wall and out of the way. Taking once last look around the room, I finally felt comfortable with being done. I left the room carrying the rag and spray bottle.

I found Bill talking quietly with Jeff. Jeff was dressed in a pair of tight fitting black jeans, a black muscle shirt, and black biker boots. I stopped and waited to be noticed, having long ago been trained by Marty not to interrupt when real men are talking. Bill noticed me, instructing me to put the rag in the kitchen sink and the spray bottle on the counter. I replied in my customary, "Yes, sir" and walked passed them. Jeff then laid a quick smack to my exposed ass cheek. I jumped at the sudden spank, but continued to do as I was told.

Bill then said he was going to inspect my work. I nodded, as I stood in the living room. Jeff then walked closer to me, smirking as he stood in front of me. He then pinched my nipples as he asked, "Are you ready for today boy? I bet you can't wait to have all four of us shove our hard cocks into your mouth and tight little asshole. You'd like that wouldn't you? Having 4 big strong men fucking your boy holes and filling you with their seed. I bet you feel empty when you don't have a cock inside of you."

I could only breathe out, "Yes, sir. I love being fucked and sucking hard cocks."

Jeff laughed, saying "And I remember how much you liked having your tongue in my asshole. I remember you moaning like the little fuck boy that you are, when your tongue was in my hole. And you love a tongue in your asshole too, don't you boy?"

I again answered, "Yes, sir."

Jeff then moved his hands to stroking my body. He rubbed his hands down my chest and stomach. He patted my leather covered boy cock. I was now rock hard. I loved it when they talked to me like this. He then moved around and grabbed my exposed ass cheeks as he said, "Yeah, I missed fucking this asshole. Your asshole is so tight and tastes so sweet. You taste just like a good boy should. We are going to fill your ass so full of our man seed, that I bet it gets pumped all the way to your stomach."

He then leaned closer and whispered into my ear, "A real man's seed belongs inside a boy like you. If you belonged to me, I would have you so full of my cum that you would leak. I would fuck you every day, at least once. MMM...I bet Marty and Bill can't keep with your greedy need for hot man seed. Is that why Bill called us over here, boy? Did you wear the old man out? I bet you did. I bet you sucked his cock and he fucked your ass until he didn't have the strength to go anymore."

I refused to answer. I just kept my head bowed, as I had been taught. Jeff then bit my ear softy, before whispering "Don't worry boy. I'll have Marty loan you out to me one of the these days. Then I will show you how much cum you can really hold inside of you. You'd like that wouldn't you boy? Having a real man pumping load after load of his hot cum into your mouth and asshole. I wouldn't even make you beg for it. I would just give you what I know you need."

My cock was unbelievably hard now, and my asshole was tingling at the thought of being loaned out to Jeff. I was such a cock slut. I needed a hard cock to fill me up so bad. Jeff then smacked my ass cheeks and said, "But you and I will have to wait for Tom and Dave to get here. MMM...but how about I sneak a taste of your delicious boy ass? Grab that wall boy."

I then placed my hands against the wall, as Jeff positioned me so that my ass was stuck out. He then dropped to his knees behind me and spread my ass cheeks. I moaned softly as I felt his warm wet tongue begin to probe my puckered boy hole. I felt my asshole clinch and relax, as I enjoyed the attention. My knees grew weak and I had to brace my hands wider to better brace myself. I stuck my bubble butt out farther, to give Jeff better access as he rimmed me.

I heard a chuckle from next to me. I looked over and saw Bill standing there smirking at my predicament. "You did a good job cleaning up the room, boy. I was actually hoping to find some areas that you missed, so I could punish you later. Oh, well. And I see Jeff couldn't wait to taste your boy hole. You like that boy's asshole, don't you Jeff?" 

Jeff only mumbled an affirmative answer, as he continued to lick deep inside my asshole. Bill let Jeff continue, until the doorbell rang. Bill then ordered Jeff to stop and told me to go into the play room and kneel down and wait. Jeff gave my asshole one last lick, then smacked both of my ass cheeks as he stood up. I did as instructed and walked into the play room.

I knelt down and listened to the four voices in the next room. I couldn't hear what they were saying. I was curious to meet the two new guys. After a few minutes alone, all four of the men walked into the room. They stood around me as they admired me. Bill then said, "Well boy, this is John and Tommy. They can't wait to make the acquaintance of your asshole and mouth. Guys, this is Marty's fuck boy. I had to promise to give him back to Marty in the same condition that he loaned him to me. So, the only real rules with him are no visible marks, so no hard spanking or paddling, and don't overstretch his asshole, so no fisting, giant dildos, or double fucking."
