 Weeks run Thursday thru Wednesday, as Thursdays are the days the group meets for their weekly updates.

This is not a sex story, but rather a story of two individuals meeting and falling in love. 

Week 1

Thursday

"I will work on the expenses incurred during start up of a new business," Blaine volunteered. "I am a mathematical and statistical major, so working with numbers is something I like to do." Blaine was sitting at the library with a group of 6 other individuals from his Business Logistics class. They had been put together for a 7 week project -- they had to write a proposal for a new business -- everything from start up costs, to problems that may arise during planning, execution, and start up of the business, and solutions for those problems. 

"Everyone is supposed to work their section with a partner, but it appears we are short a member of the group. I will see if someone wants to work on two sections," replied Jordan, the group leader.

"No need for someone to have to do double the work, I'm used to working alone, and I can always ask if I find I need the help," was Blaine's quick answer. 

Blaine had moved to a table a few away from the rest of his group, and was reading the outline of the assignment, deciding where to start. He got up to locate a few books to assist him when he saw Jordan walking toward him with another member of his class; but not a member of his group. The new guy looked to be about 6 foot 2 inches with light brown hair. He seemed to be fairly built and as he got closer Blaine saw he had brown eyes as well.

"Blaine, this is Trey. He was originally assigned to Group C, but Mr. R. realized that gave them 9 members, so he has reassigned him to our group. Trey will be your partner for the expenses incurred section." Jordan looked relieved that Blaine would not have to work alone.

"I, um... okay", Blaine looked down at his feet. "Are you good at math?"

"I am a business and economics major." Replied Trey as he assessed his new partner. Around 5'10", rather skinny with long straight black hair and bright blue eyes, Blaine seemed to be very shy.

Blaine spent the rest of the time filling Trey in on what he had determined so far. Trey agreed with the book selections Blaine was going to get, so they split the list up and managed to find most of them before Jordan announced the official group meeting was over.

"Thanks for your hard work everyone; I hope to see you all next week at the same time to continue the project. Remember, it's important everyone make it to every meeting. We only have 7 weeks to pull this together and it's worth 50% of our grades." He reminded everyone as they were pulling their materials together to leave.

"Hey, you want to come over to my place later? We can start going through the new books we found to see if they will work," Trey asked as Blaine was shoving books into his bag along with his laptop.

"Thanks, but I don't think so. We've split up the tasks, I can review my books, and let you know if I think I will need something different," Blaine stammered, shocked at the invitation. "You shouldn't have to work with me outside the study group times."

"But I want to. You heard Jordan; this is 50% of our semester grade. I want to do the best I can. Plus, you're not all that hard to work with." Trey was grinning as he tried to convince Blaine.

"Oh, uh, yeah. Okay, if you're sure you want to do this, but can we work here at the library?"

"Well, I was thinking we could meet at my apartment. Its quieter, I don't have a room mate. That way we can talk and not worry about disturbing anyone."

Blaine gulped. This moment had come sooner than he thought. Well, working with a partner was fun while it lasted, but Blaine was 100% positive his next statement would end that partnership. He cleared his throat, and then said clearly, "I am not coming on to you, but I do have to let you know that I am gay. That is why I requested meeting in the library, or really any public place, so that you would not feel threatened. I understand if you do not want to continue working with me on this project. We can just tell Jordan we don't work well together and I can continue on my own." 

Trey watched in disbelief as Blaine seemed to shrink away from him; like he was afraid he was going to get hit. "Blaine, as long as you aren't hitting on me, we'll get along fine," Trey joked... he had kind of hoped Blaine would hit on him, but he knew he wasn't ready for that yet. "I am gay also; just recently got out of a relationship that lasted 2 years. I am not threatened to be around you in a private setting."

Blaine stared, this hottie is gay??? He thought to himself. Well that certainly made things easier... and more complicated. "Sorry to be so...," Blaine trailed off, shrugging his shoulders, not sure exactly how to describe his behavior, "I've had some bad experiences in the past, so I try not to put myself in that situation again. Okay if you're sure, I can come over later and we can work on this."

They swapped phone numbers, Trey provided Blaine with his address. He explained that the apartment was located right across the street from the Main building. They went their separate ways, agreeing to meet up around 6PM.

-----

At 6PM Blaine was knocking on Trey's door, still not entirely convinced this was a good idea. Trey let him in and they got right to work. Two hours later they had made good progress on the project, and Trey pushed the books away. "I cannot read anymore of this tonight. You wanna get something to eat and watch a movie?"

"Yeah, I could eat. Not sure about the movie part, it's already 8PM and I have other homework to do," Blaine replied thoughtfully. He had enjoyed his time here and wanted to stay longer. "You know, my classes don't start until 2PM tomorrow, I could just plan to get up early and complete my homework then."

"Let's go with that idea," Trey grinned, happy that Blaine seemed to trust him more. "I have hamburger in the fridge, how about hamburgers and fries for dinner? While I get it started, you can look over there," Trey pointed to a shelf of DVD and Blu Ray movies, "and choose something to watch."

Blaine looked thru the movies, noting that Trey seemed to like the bloody, gory horror flicks best. Not Blaine's favorite genre. He finally found one that he liked, and wandered into the kitchen. "Can I help with anything?"

"Yeah, if you don't mind, I thought I had potatoes for fresh French fries, but I am out. Can you get the frozen French fries out of the freezer and put them on the cookie tray for the oven?" Trey glanced up at Blaine to see him watching Trey mix spices into the hamburger meat and forming the patties.

"You were going to make fresh French fries? Wow, most guys stick to the frozen ones no questions asked." Blaine quickly moved to do as he was asked. 

As the two guys worked to put together the simple meal they chatted about their classes. Once everything was done they dished up their plates and went into the living room to watch the movie. After the movie was done, Blaine was about to offer to help clean up the dinner dishes when Trey's phone rang. Trey told Blaine he had to take the call and would be right back as he walked toward his bedroom to speak on the phone. Blaine washed the dishes and wiped down the counters. He put the movie back, and was just about to leave a note saying that he was leaving and thanking Trey for inviting him over when Trey came out of the bedroom, a tense look on his face.

"Are you okay," Blaine asked?

"Yeah, fine. Sorry about that. The number was an old friend from high school, but when I answered it was my ex. He's not taking our break up well, and wanted to get back together." Trey looked tired as he explained this.

"Oh, I am sorry. I don't mean to sound nosy, or pushy, but do you want to talk about it? Sometimes it helps..." Blaine offered.

"It's a fairly simple, old story. Gage, my ex, and I met in 10th grade. We started going out the summer between Sophomore and Junior years. We were together all thru Junior and Senior years. A few weeks before I came out here for school I found out he had been cheating on me, even though we had had several conversations about being monogamous. I had thought neither of us wanted an "open" relationship. I broke up with him. It's been a few months and he still calls every few weeks asking for another chance." Trey was now sitting on his couch, elbows on his knees, and head in his upturned hands.

Blaine awkwardly patted Trey on the shoulder. "Sounds like a tough situation for you. Do you still love him?"

"Sometimes I think I do. Then I remember what he did, and can't imagine loving him still."

"Do you think if you gave him a second chance he would be faithful?"

"No, I really don't. He couldn't be faithful when we were together almost every day, there's no way he'll be faithful half way across the country, only seeing each other a few times a year."

"Sounds like you've made your decision, you're struggling with loyalty to the 2 years you had together. You didn't fail the relationship, he did. You shouldn't feel guilty about not wanting to put yourself back in that situation." Blaine hoped he was helping, but couldn't help wondering what type of person would intentionally hurt Trey.

"Uh, yeah, I know, and you're right I shouldn't feel guilty, but I do. I keep wondering what I did to make him want to cheat on me." Trey cleared his throat nervously. "Hey, man, sorry to dump this on you. Thanks for cleaning up for me."

"No problem, thanks for dinner, it was great." Blaine replied. "You may want to think about trying to talk to... uh... Gage. Ask him your unresolved questions about the relationship. He may come up with some excuses as to why he cheated, but I think you'll learn that it was nothing you did to cause it. Talking it out with him may help you with the guilt you feel about not taking him back. Or, after talking it thru with him you may decide to give him another chance. Either way, leaving it unresolved seems to be hurting you, and that's not good." Blaine said this last part with his back to Trey, nervous about how he would react to the suggestion, and finished packing the rest of his school supplies.

He shouldered his bag and came back to the living room. Looking into Trey's soft brown eyes he stated, "Are you gonna be okay tonight? Do you want me to stay a bit longer?"

"Thanks for offering, but you've given me a lot to think about. I will be okay, just gonna chill here, watch another movie, and consider what you've said."

"Okay man, if you need anything, you have my number. Don't hesitate to call, alright?"

"Alright, thanks man." Trey walked Blaine to the door and after he left locked the door. He went back to the couch and sat in the dark, thinking about his current situation.