 Weeks run Thursday thru Wednesday, as Thursdays are the days the group meets for their weekly updates.

This is not a sex story, but rather a story of two individuals meeting and falling in love. 

Week 7

Thursday

Everyone was at the final group meeting. The paper had gotten its final revisions and the oral presentation details had been finalized. The whole group was pretty ecstatic at how the paper had turned out, and they were optimistic about their possible grades. Jordan and Dustin were going to drop the final draft off with Mr. R so he would have time to review it before their oral presentation. Presentations would take place the following Tuesday, which was also finals week. Finals ended on Thursday, and most of the students would be leaving for Christmas break, which ended after New Years.

As everyone was chatting about their plans for Christmas break, Blaine noticed that Trey stayed silent, again never mentioning family, or any plans. Blaine quietly wrapped his arm around Trey's waist and squeezed gently as he whispered "Are you okay?"

"I'm good, just glad the project is over. I enjoyed becoming friends with our group members, but am glad the stress is over," Trey murmured back as he leaned into Blaine's one armed hug.

The group broke up and everyone made their way toward the door. Trey told Blaine he had to go to his next class, and reminded him to come over that night for movie night.

"As if I could forget, just kind of sorry I have to share you with the rest of the group," Blaine winked as he kissed Trey goodbye. "See you tonight!"

---

Thursday evening

"Hey! Where is everyone?" Blaine looked around Trey's empty apartment.

"Hi, baby. I thought it could be just us tonight... are you okay with that?" Trey called out from the kitchen. He had left the door unlocked for Blaine and had just called out for him to come in when Blaine knocked.

"That's surprising, but absolutely okay," Blaine came up to Trey and kissed him. Then he looked down at what Trey was preparing. "You ordered my favorite pizza? But I thought you didn't like that kind?"

"That's why I ordered meat lovers for me; the take-n-bake place that makes your crazy, ranch instead of tomato sauce pizza also makes a pretty good meat lovers; its still in the oven."

"Trey, you didn't have to go thru that trouble; but I'm glad you did." Blaine pulled Trey down for a kiss, licking Trey's lips before dipping his tongue into Trey's mouth and coaxing Trey's tongue into his own mouth. Trey's hands found Blaine's hips, holding him steady as he gently ground against them. The two continued to kiss for several minutes before Trey forcefully pulled himself away. Both men were panting slightly and very aroused.

"Baby, we can't get carried away... right now. I don't want to burn the pizza." Trey groaned as he ran his eyes over Blaine's long black hair, sparkling blue eyes, and kiss swollen lips. He gently stroked his fingers down Blaine's cheek. "You are so beautiful."

Blaine objected, "No I'm really not, but you are stunning." Blaine checked out Trey, starting with his light brown hair, slightly mussed now from Blaine's hands, his deep chocolate brown eyes, and full lips. Then going further to check out his broad shoulders, nicely muscled chest, and lean hips. He swallowed visibly as he looked at the bulge at the crotch of Trey's tight jeans, and admired the muscular lines of his thighs and legs.

Trey felt like he had just been devoured just by the look Blaine gave him as he checked him out. "Uhm, well, let's get our dinner and go watch a movie."

Trey's pizza was done so both men dished up their food, grabbed sodas and headed to the couch. They chatted a few minutes as they ate their pizza, then Trey started the movie. As the menu screen popped up, Blaine looked at Trey, "My favorite pizza, my favorite movie... what's going on?"

"Baby, I just... I know you've had a rough week, and I wanted you to know that I care. I just wanted you to feel special," Trey pulled Blaine close. "I guess I also wanted to butter you up, so you would be feeling mellow before I started the serious conversation about us... you know... the I really like you, I want to be with you, but I don't want to share you with anybody else conversation."

"You didn't have to butter me up for that conversation, my response is, I really like you, I want to be with you too, and I refuse to share you with anyone else," Blaine looked into Trey's eyes as he responded, then lightly kissed him. "Now take those dishes into the kitchen so I can watch my movie!" He grinned mischievously.

"Yes sir!" Trey responded mockingly, before moving to do as he was told. When he came back Blaine was laying on the couch, snuggling under the blanket. "Oh I see how it is; you just wanted the couch for yourself, that's not gonna happen!" Trey crawled over Blaine, lay with his back against the back of the couch, and wrapped his arm around Blaine's waist, pulling the smaller man's body flush against his own. "Comfortable?" he whispered into Blaine's ear as he nibbled on it.

Blaine shuddered as he snuggled closer to Trey, "Very" he sighed. They lay like that for the rest of the movie, Trey occasionally tracing patterns on Blaine's hip and stomach with his hands or snuggling his face into Blaine's neck. 

As the movie ended, Blaine suddenly flipped so he was face to face with Trey. "Thank you, sweetheart, this evening has been perfect." Blaine softly kissed, gently tracing his tongue over Trey's lips as he wrapped his arms around Trey pulling them closer together. They held each other, and made out for about 30 minutes before Blaine pulled away with a sigh.

He stood up and offered his hand to Trey, helping him stand as well. Blaine led Trey into the bedroom. He kissed and sucked at Trey's neck as he worked his hands under Trey's t-shirt, tracing his hands over Trey's stomach muscles and up higher to tweak his nipples. He pulled back and pulled Trey's shirt off, then kissed and sucked his way over Trey's chest, teasing his nipples with his tongue and teeth. He gently pushed Trey onto the bed and laid over him, kissing his way down to Trey's waist line. He then loosened Trey's pants and pulled them down. He looked up questioningly at Trey, "no underwear?" Trey just grinned at him.

Blaine took Trey's cock in hand, rubbing his fingers up and down the length, marveling at the velvet softness of such a hard item. Keeping his eyes on Trey's, he leaned over and took the head into his mouth, running his tongue over the glans, and the frenulum. He then plunged down, taking the entire length into his mouth. As he buried his nose into Trey's pubic hair he breathed deep, enjoying the totally unique scent that was Trey. He moaned softly, the vibrations from the noise teasing Trey's cock.

"Baby, that's so good," Trey whispered as he watched Blaine devour him. His hands stroked Blaine's head and hair as he gently thrust his hips to meet Blaine's warm, willing mouth.

Blaine continued to work Trey to the point of no return, fondling his balls with one hand, teasing his nipples with the other as his mouth continued its work on Trey's cock. "Blaine, baby, I'm almost there" Trey moaned as he writhed under Blaine's touch.

Blaine pulled off of Trey and removed his hands. He stood up and said, "Oh no, you're not done yet..." Blaine pulled his shirt over his head. "I want you..." he removed his pants, "to take me." Blaine removed his black briefs and crawled onto the bed. He snuggled up to Trey and kissed him. "Please?"

Trey swiftly rolled over so he was covering Blaine, "Baby, are you sure?" he looked down into Blaine's blue eyes, looking for any sign of hesitation.

"Yes, sweetheart, I'm very sure. Just..." Blaine whispered, "this is my first time..."

Trey groaned, "Oh, Blaine, baby..." Trey kissed Blaine, thrusting his tongue into Blaine's mouth as he ground his hips into Blaine's. Trey licked at Blaine's ears, nibbling gently and then worked his way down, sucking on his neck, grinning as he knew it would leave a mark and worked his way down. His hand worked its way down and to fondle Blaine's hard and dripping cock, as he kissed, licked and sucked at every inch of Blaine's chest and stomach. He sighed as his mouth reached Blaine's groin, licking at Blaine's cock and suckled his balls. He then put a pillow under Blaine's hips so he could reach his small, pink, puckered hole. "so beautiful," he sighed as he reached in and kissed Blaine's most intimate area. He ran his tongue around the pucker and over the small hole, gently pushing in.

"Oh," Blaine whimpered as he wriggled under Trey's ministrations, "Sweetheart, please, I need you."

"Baby, you're not ready yet. I don't want to hurt you." Trey murmured before he dove back into Blaine's ass with his tongue, pushing into the hole until it allowed his tongue thru. Blaine worked his tongue in and out of Trey's hole, relaxing him so it would open easier. After a few more minutes he pulled back and reached into his bedside drawer to grab a bottle of lube and a condom. Tossing the condom onto the bed he opened the lube and poured a generous amount onto his fingers. He dropped the lube and smeared the lube between his hands. Using one hand to stroke Blaine's cock, he started teasing Blaine's hole with the other hand, gently pushing his finger into the hole. He stroked as he worked a second finger in, gently stretching Blaine.

Blaine writhed in ecstasy under Trey's hands, "Please baby, I'm ready." He grabbed Trey's wrist and tried to pull him up. Trey sighed as he pulled his hands from Blaine. He grabbed the condom, ripped it open and put it on. He poured more lube to rub onto his throbbing cock. He lined it up with Blaine's hole, leaned over to kiss Blaine fiercely, and gently started to push. Blaine, overwhelmed by the passion Trey put into that kiss, couldn't fight against the intruder at his ass and Trey entered him with just the slightest resistance. As soon as he entered Blaine, Trey stopped and looked at him. "Are you okay?"

"Yes, baby, I'm good." Blaine sighed as he wrapped his arms around Trey and pulled him close for another kiss. "Keep going."

Trey pushed into Blaine a few more inches, stopping when he saw Blaine wince. He backed out a little, until just his head was inside, then slowly pushed back in. This time Blaine didn't react badly so he cautiously pushed in another inch or two, grazing Blaine's prostate as he did. "Oh my god, Trey, do that again!" Blaine whimpered as he thrust his hips up, effectively pushing Trey the rest of the way in.

"Baby, you feel so good," Trey stayed buried balls deep in Blaine for a few moments, then slowly pulled almost all the way out before thrusting back in, intent on hitting Blaine's prostate as often as possible as he continued his slow thrusting a few times. Pressed down onto Blaine as he was, Blaine's cock was sandwiched between their stomachs. The sensation of it being stimulated by their stomachs as well as the direct stimulation to his prostate was too much for Blaine. He wrapped his legs around Trey's thighs, gripped Trey's ass with his hands as he thrust up meeting Trey's thrusts. "Harder baby, I'm almost there," Blaine whimpered.

Trey increased the speed of his thrusts, pounding harder and faster into Blaine's ass. He wrapped his arms around Blaine's shoulders, pulling him close as he tried to bury himself deeper into Blaine with each thrust. Suddenly Blaine's body tensed and he cried out as his orgasm hit hart, his arms wrapped tighter around Trey, his legs locked around Trey's thighs, hips thrusting up as his cock spurt between their stomachs. His ass muscles clenched tight around Trey's throbbing cock, setting off Trey's orgasm. Trey thrust once more into Blaine, as hard as he could, and with his cock buried as deep into Blaine's ass as he possibly could, he came, spurting his hot load into the condom.

Trey sighed as he slumped onto Blaine. "Baby, that was..." He tiredly lifted his head and kissed Blaine's mouth, "Oh, that was... amazing" he grinned as he kissed Blaine one more time before rolling to his side. He removed the condom, tied it off and tossed it to the floor. He laid his head next to Blaine's and dropped his arm onto Blaine's chest. "Sticky," he grinned at Blaine as he lifted his hand to look at Blaine's semen dripping from it. "Be right back," he swiped his tongue at his hand, licking off some of the sticky mess. "mmm" he got up, bent low to pick up the used condom, and stepped out of the room, only to return a few minutes later with a warm washcloth.

Gently, lovingly, Trey wiped Blaine off... his chest, groin and ass. He threw the washcloth down and lay down next to Blaine, cuddling close. "You okay baby?"

"Oh, yeah" Blaine responded, cuddling closer to Trey. "That was awesome, so much better than I anticipated." Blaine yawned, "and much more tiring than I expected."

"Go to sleep, you're staying here tonight," Trey pulled the blankets over them and snuggled Blaine closer. He kissed Blaine's forehead, "Good night Baby."

---

The Next Morning

Trey walked into the bedroom, a towel wrapped around his hips, as Blaine stretched in the bed, just waking up. "Good morning baby. How'd you sleep?" Trey grinned as he watched Blaine.

"Never better," Blaine grinned. "Why are you out of bed already?"

"Friday morning, baby. I have class." Trey frowned at that thought as he sorted thru his dresser for clean underwear. "What do you want for breakfast?"

"Cold pizza, of course!" Blaine stretched again then got out of bed. He wandered over to Trey and wrapped his arms around Trey's waist from behind. "I've got to use the bathroom, I'll get my breakfast when I'm done."

"Alright baby, I left a new toothbrush on the counter for you." Trey turned around and briefly hugged Blaine before kissing his cheek and returning to his task of finding clothes.

A few minutes later he was in the kitchen, getting the left over pizza out of the refrigerator when he heard Blaine yelling, "TREY!!! What did you do??" A few seconds later Blaine appeared in the kitchen. He rubbed the red mark on his neck and growled, "Sweetheart, you better hope this fades by next Thursday."

Trey chuckled as he wrapped his arms around Blaine, "Baby, it looks good on you." He stepped away and started to take a bite of his pizza before stopping. "Wait, what happens next Thursday?"

Blaine sighed, "Finals end and I go home for the holidays. I thought I told you my plane leaves Thursday afternoon? The plane that will be met by my mother and my father, in a warm southern town where I cannot get away with wearing something that will hide this? If it's not gone, I am gonna get so teased and when that happens maybe I'll just call you so the folks can give you shit instead!"

"Oh, yeah," Trey sighed, a far away look in his eyes. "You're going home for Christmas break." He turned away and resumed eating his pizza.

"Yeah. You know, you never told me what day you are going home for Christmas..."

"Ahem, well, I'm not." Trey responded tonelessly. "I'm staying here for the holiday."

Blaine went over to the counter where Trey was standing and wrapped his arms around Trey. "What do you mean; you're not spending the holiday with your family? You went home for Thanksgiving, why wouldn't you go home for Christmas too?"

"I really don't have time to discuss this now Blaine. I have to go to class." Trey answered angrily as he pulled away from Blaine. "Lock the door when you leave." Trey went into his office to grab his books then stalked to the door.

"Trey?" Blaine whispered as he watched the angry young man make his way to the door. As Trey reached for the door handle he looked back at Blaine, coldly observing the upset look on the smaller man's face. His anger faded and he sighed as he walked back to Blaine. Trey gently held Blaine, "I'm not angry at you, but I really cannot talk about this now. Maybe later, okay? I'll call you later this afternoon after your class ends." Trey kissed Blaine, and then left for class.

--

Later that afternoon

Blaine had been out of class for 2 hours, and Trey had still not called. Blaine had called him, and texted, and gotten no response. Finally, after a few more hours he received a text from Trey asking him to meet at Trey's house in one hour.

"You know I dated Gage for 2 years in high school. What you didn't know is my parents basically disowned me the moment I told them I am gay. They still let me stay in the house, made sure I had food and clothing; but we never did anything together as a family. Holidays were non-existent. The day I graduated I came home to find all of my belongings packed and by the door. Their graduation gift to me was letting me stay in their house until I graduated." Trey explained his coming out to his parents with no emotion, no facial expressions. He sat on the couch, staring forward, reliving his history as he told it to Blaine.

"Sweetheart," Blaine looked at Trey with tears shimmering in his eyes. He scooted closer to Trey and leaned his head onto Trey's chest, wrapping his arms around Trey's waist. "I am so sorry for how you were treated, you didn't deserve that."

"I kind of expected it, but I thought they might give me a few weeks. I got home from the ceremony and was met at the door by them; they didn't even go to see me graduate. I was asked for the key to the house, and was told to 'get my shit out by sundown and never darken their doorstep again'. I packed the boxes into my jeep and stayed with Gage for a few weeks. That's how I found out he hadn't been monogamous in our relationship. His parents had thought I knew. I came out here shortly after and found this apartment."

Blaine and Trey sat in silence as they both thought about Trey's senior summer. Blaine suddenly sat up and grabbed his phone. Trey looked over at him, vaguely curious.

"Hey, dad. How's mom doing?" Blaine said into the phone as he kept his eyes on Trey. Trey looked disgusted, he shared a painful part of his history and Blaine blew it off as though it was nothing.

"I'm glad she's doing well." Blaine replied to something his dad had said. Trey started to get up to go to his room, but Blaine put his hand on Trey's chest and mouthed 'wait, sweetheart, just wait.'

"Dad, is it still okay if I bring a friend home over Christmas?" Blaine asked, still watching Trey. Blaine blushed, "Yes, Dad it is... Yes he did... Yes he is... Really?... Okay, hold on" Blaine held out his phone to Trey, "My dad wants to talk to you." He mouthed 'sorry' as he leaned back into the couch.

"Sir?" Trey said into the phone. "Yes sir, er Brad." Trey glared at Blaine 'you are so going to get it' he mouthed as he listened to Blaine's dad. "Yes... No I don't... Not really... Um, are you sure?... Oh, really?" Trey got an evil grin on his face as he reached over to hold Blaine's hand. "Yes, if you're sure I would love to." He had a big grin on his face as he thanked Blaine's dad and handed the phone back to Blaine.

"Dad?" Blaine asked "Yeah?... what did you tell him? ... Dad, come on... oh fine, thanks Dad, we'll see you next week. Tell mom I love her and miss her." Blaine hung up the phone and looked at Trey "What exactly did my dad say to you?"

"Well..." Trey grinned, "he said he would love to have me come home with you for Christmas..."

"And?"

"And, what? He was just real happy that you had made such a good friend" Trey grinned as he lunged toward Blaine and started tickling him. "Especially since you apparently couldn't stop talking about me when you were home... at Thanksgiving..."

"Ugh," Blaine blushed as he fought back, "He wasn't supposed to tell you about that."

"I'm glad he did, and for the record, I was crushing on you from our first group meeting." Trey pulled Blaine close and they snuggled on the couch.
