 Blaine let out a sigh and cuddled into the warm body lying next to him. Caio was snoozing quietly, looking completely at ease in his sleep. As Blaine looked around the sun-filled room, he smiled. They had spent the first three days of their honeymoon in bed, only leaving it to use the bathroom when things got a little too messy. Blaine wasn't sure if today would be the day that that changed. 

They were in a cozy cabin in the Florida Keys. Blaine still didn't know how Caio and his new family had come up with the money for this honeymoon, but he was grateful. The alone time with Caio was doing wonders for him. Only a month ago had his entire world been turned upside down. He had discovered who the man was that murdered his parents. His best friend of thirteen years was never truly his friend to begin with, just a watchdog working for the very same man that murdered his parents. 

But he had discovered good things as well, like the fact that he was part of the fair world, an amazing, magical world that anyone could be so lucky to be a part of. He was given a new last name; Garza -- he had taken Caio's name. And Caio, he had found Caio. The man that became the most important thing in his life. Spending three days just soaking up the love and affection of his new husband was just the thing he needed to calm his nerves.

Blaine was pulled out of his thoughts by a gentle kiss to his temple. He tilted his head back, offering his new husband a smile that sang love. They kissed gently as Caio pulled his into his chest. Blaine trailed his thin fingers all over that strong chest, trailing kisses along his collarbone. When his fingers brushed over the scar on his right pec, Blaine frowned. Blaine had healed the wound from Rixon running his sword through Caio, but there would always be a scar, a grim reminder of how close he had come to losing his soul mate. It stuck out among the other scars, always pulling his eyes straight to it.

Caio took Blaine's hand from his chest and gently kissed each of his fingertips. "Don't cloud your mind with bad thoughts, love. They're not welcomed here."

Blaine let the smile return to his face as he looked up into Caio's brown, golden-flecked eyes.

"I love you, Cai. I'm so glad that you're mine. I could never be happy again without you."

Caio leaned down and kissed his lover again, nudging Blaine's lips apart with his own and dipping his tongue inside. Blaine let out a soft moan that made Caio's cock rigid. Caio slid his palm over Blaine's skin, loving the feel of the red flames that licked his body from foot to neck. Blaine's tongue was wrestling with Caio's becoming a little more aggressive at the gentle touches to his red skin.

Caio quickly rolled Blaine until his back was pressed into his chest. He ran his hand down Blaine's stomach and gripped onto his throbbing cock. He stroked Blaine's cut cock slowly; enjoying the soft mewls that came from his lips. Caio nuzzled his cock between Blaine's cheeks and rocked his hips, dragging the length of his erection back and forth across his lover's twitching hole -- still slick with cum from the last few days -- and smirked as the soft mewls became urgent, needy whimpers.

Blaine reached back and grabbed onto Caio's hair, tugging at it firmly. "Please, Cai." He panted. "Be inside me."

Caio smirked. He loved when his little warlock begged for him. He pulled his hips back and lined his cock up with Blaine's ever-twitching hole. He thrust in to the hilt in one smooth, sharp motion that had Blaine arching his back and moaning.

Caio quickly picked up a rhythm, thrusting his hips in quick, hard movements that he knew his man loved. He stroked Blaine's leaking cock in time with his thrusts, squeezing and tugging at it periodically. He knew Blaine was sore from the three prior days of frequent love-making, so he didn't want to draw this session out too long.

He picked up his pace, pounding into Blaine with a little more force as he let his teeth extend. He nuzzled Blaine's neck for a moment, and then sunk them in, pulling at the skin. Blaine let out a resounding scream and came onto his chest and stomach with such intensity that his vision blurred.

Caio shuddered; he buried his cock into Blaine's ass and came hard, adding spurts of cum to Blaine's already-full ass. Once his erection subsided and slipped from the warm confines, he turned Blaine around again, kissing him slowly. After they caught their breaths, Caio propped himself up on his elbow and stroked Blaine's messy blond hair. 

"I think we should go outside and do something today," He said with a wry smile on his face.

Blaine looked up at him, all-too familiar with that smile. "Have something planned, do you?"

Blaine leaned into Caio's touch, taking comfort from it as always.

"Oh, nothing much. I just thought maybe we'd go for a swim, take a walk on the beach, and perhaps head into town for a nice meal."

Blaine had become much more satisfied ever since he started drinking blood, and even more satisfied when he was drinking Caio's blood, but Blaine would never be willing to completely give up the glorious taste of human food. He appreciated deeply that Caio understood, and would let him have a human meal every now and then. But not enough to dull his powers.

Blaine nodded his head quickly and gave his husband a deep kiss. "That sounds amazing. But let me grab a shower first." He stole another quick kiss and crawled out of bed, yipping when Caio slapped his bare ass.

~~

Blaine enjoyed the feel of the warm sand sifting through his toes as the sun dried him. He was leaning into Caio's side, his small arm wrapped around the man's thick waist. He had always loved the ocean. He loved the smell and the sound and the over-all happy atmosphere. He kissed Caio's arm, which was draped over his slender shoulders. Caio had a backpack slung over his shoulder and had his eyes set ahead of them. Anyone else would have thought he was distracted, or upset. But the little quirk at the corner of his mouth let Blaine know that he was just happy and relaxing.

After a couple of miles they slipped their shoes on and hailed a cab, heading into town. Blaine had his eye on an outdoor restaurant overlooking the ocean. Caio must have expected this, because he turned and headed in that direction. Blaine sat down and took the backpack as Caio went to order their food.

Caio returned to find Blaine with his elbows propped against the table, his chin resting in his hands. He was staring out at the ocean. Caio set the tray with two burgers and a side of fries down on the table, sitting across from Blaine. 

"What are you thinking about, love?" Caio asked as he gently took one of Blaine's hands and held it in his own.

Blaine let out a slow sigh. "My parents." He returned Caio's reassuring squeeze with a gentle one of his own. 

"Tell me about them."

Blaine smiled a little as happy memories filled his thoughts.

"My mom's name was Charlotte, and she was as beautiful as her name. She was a doctor. She was very busy, but she always made time for me, every day. She would wake me up before and after she went to work, just to talk. And every day there would be a message on the answering machine from her when I came home from school, telling me how much she loved me and how she missed me."

Caio smiled and listened to Blaine reminisce, but Blaine could tell there was some unease in his husband's face.

"My dad's name was Ray. He was a cop, like Gally. I guess that's why Gally feels like a father to me. My dad took me to the beach all the time. I never liked building sand castles or anything like that. But we would just sit with our feet buried in the sand and talk about everything. I was so happy, until Crone took that away.

"I still remember it so clearly. We were playing Sorry in the living room, and Crone just barged in. My parents started screaming... Told me to run. I did. There were two police officers there. Time must have stood still for me. I never understood how they got there so fast. I never saw my parents again."

Blaine let out another sigh.

"I want to find him, Cai. I want him to pay for what he did to my parents. I want to stop him before he hurts anyone else." His eyes were glossy, on the brink of tears.

"We will find him, love. With this..." He rubbed his thumb over the ring next to Blaine's wedding band. The key, it would put an end to all of the suffering. "We will put an end to him, I promise you. But we have to wait until he decides to make a move. You won't be able to see anything until then."

Blaine knew this, but he still felt restless. He didn't want to wait, but he had to.

~~

Blaine settled into bed with Caio. They were watching Blaine's favorite movie -- The Notebook -- when the phone rang. Caio disentangled himself from Blaine and leaned over to answer the phone. Blaine watched as Caio's expression went from surprised, to happy, to skeptical, and then to understanding. All Caio did was nod as he listened to the person on the other end of the phone. 

"That's wonderful, Gally." He said finally. Blaine perked up a little at the mention of Gally's name. It had only been four days, but he missed his new family dearly. "Yes, of course. I'll see you then." Caio hung up the phone and smiled down at his messy-haired husband.

"That was Gally," He said. Blaine smiled and rolled his eyes. "He's found his mate, Blaine! Gally has finally imprinted. He's found his mate!" Caio was practically bouncing on the bed with joy.

Blaine laughed and kissed Caio once he had finally settled down.

"That's great, Cai. Who is it? Do we get to meet him?"

Cai seemed to lose some of his spunk then. "His name is Braden. He was... spying on them for Crone. But when-" 

Blaine cut Caio off with a scowl. "Gally has imprinted on someone that works for Crone? And you're OKAY with this?" Blaine's voice rose with every word he spoke. His red skin seemed to glow and the golden flecks in his eyes lit up.

"It's not like that, angel," Cai said softly. "You need to hear his story, understand what he went through."

Blaine shook his head furiously. "It's ridiculous! It's not safe! What if it's a trick?"

The look on Caio's face told Blaine that it wasn't. But he couldn't accept this... he wouldn't. 

"Please," Caio said slowly, pulling Blaine into his chest. "Please just hear Braden out. For me, love. For Gally. Braden has even told the family everything he knows about Crone and what he plans."

Blaine huffed and nodded a little. "Okay," he said. "Let's get packed."

~~

Blaine was on edge when they arrived at the apartment above the bar. His hand hovered over the doorknob, only turning it when Caio gave him a reassuring squeeze to the shoulder. Blaine stepped in to the apartment slowly, taking a deep breath. The living room was empty, but he could smell the new addition to the family. He wrinkled his nose in distaste. 

Caio set their bags down and closed the door, a grin spreading across his face and Cale came thundering into the living room. She jumped up and pinned Caio against the wall, covering his face in wet dog kisses. Blaine was laughing the entire time. Once she had thoroughly licked Caio's face, she did the same to Blaine.

Blaine was smiling and wiping his face clean when everyone came out into the living room. Alejandro was first, followed by Stephen, Maree and Allan. They all exchanged loving hugs and welcomes. Katilette even gave Blaine a gentle squeeze. She had lost her hatred towards him after the incident in England, when she realized that Blaine truly did belong in the family.

Everyone was seated except for Blaine and Caio when Gally walked into the room, followed by a slim, timid-looking young man with slightly curled hair framing his slender face. He looked innocent enough, Blaine thought. But he still didn't trust or like him. Blaine accepted Gally's hug. He didn't blame Gally. You couldn't help who you imprinted on. 

"Blaine, Cai, this is my mate, Braden."

Braden gave a little nervous nod towards them, half hiding behind Gally.

Caio gave the boy a genuine smile. "It's nice to meet you, Braden. Welcome to the family."

Braden smiled at this and cuddled into Gally's side. Gally wrapped his arm possessively around the small boy.

"Blaine," Gally started softly, "I understand that you will have trouble with this. And I don't ask you to accept it. I just ask you to hear his story before you decide."

Blaine nodded and leaned into Caio, feeling only a little guilty at the stress he was sure Gally was under. But he liked watching Braden squirm under his gaze.

Caio and Blaine settled into the love seat that was usually occupied by Maree and Stephen. They were instead sitting on the couch with Katilette and Alejandro, Allan at their feet. Gally sat in his usual chair, with Braden perched awkwardly on his lap.

"Go ahead, my mate," Gally said, rubbing Braden's back comfortingly. 

"I want you to know, Blaine, that I never wanted to hurt anyone. I was taken in by Crone when I was very young, before I had any real memories. The life he gave me was all I've ever known. I never questioned anything he did. I was too young to really know what was going on until last year. Until you turn eighteen, you just live with other wolves your age. Crone made appearances every now and then, but never said a word about what he was doing. If I had known..."

"But you found out," Blaine said, a little sharply. "You found out, and you didn't leave. You let him make you into a spy." Caio squeezed Blaine's waist gently, trying to calm him.

"I was afraid," Braden said sadly. "I had heard rumors about people who had tried to leave. Crone did terrible things to them." His lower lip trembled as he spoke. "I didn't want to die, so I figured I had to go along with it. This was my first mission, to gather intel on all of you. But the first time I saw Gally..." He trailed off, looking at the bigger man. "I imprinted on him. And that's when I knew - risk of death or no - that I had to leave. I had to be with my mate."

Blaine sighed and rubbed his temple, leaning into the gentle touches Caio was giving his side. "I understand. But I still don't trust you. Just know, if you ever hurt Gally, or anyone in my family, you will regret it."

Braden nodded furiously. "I would never hurt any of you. You've all been so good and understanding." Gally gave him a kiss on the cheek, and then looked over at the girls.

Maree and Katilette got up and ushered Braden down the hallway and into Gally's bedroom. Allan followed behind after giving Blaine and Caio another quick hug.

Caio took a deep breath. "What had Braden told you about Crone?"

Gally rubbed his tired face. "Enough," he said. "He told me that there are fifteen different packs under Crone's control. Each pack containing twenty-or-so people. That's a lot to take on. He's also told me that Crone plans on getting the key back, and soon."

Blaine looked down at the ring on his finger. He would never let Crone close to the key. He would give his life before he would do that. He wouldn't let any more innocent people get hurt.

Caio began stroking Blaine's hair gently, sensing his unhappiness. 

"What do we do?" Caio spoke quietly.

"We gather our own army. We'll have Blaine to lead us to victory. We fight."

~~

Over the next few days the entire family was busy calling up friends, relatives, and acquaintances to help fight. All of those people who agreed, recruited everyone they could as well. When it was all said and done with, they had come up with one hundred and seventy-five people. Just over half of the amount Crone had under his control. Blaine didn't think it was nearly enough, but the rest of the family seemed pretty satisfied.

"I don't understand," Blaine said, looking around at his family that was gathered in the living room. "They outnumber us. How could we possibly win?"

"Because, Blaine, we have one hundred and seventy-five fair folk on our side, completely devoted to taking down Crone. Most of them have been hurt by or lost someone to Crone. And crone has three hundred fair folk -- mostly crazed wolves -- on his side. Most of them are like Braden, they don't really want to be there. Chances are, when the fight breaks out, most will run away scared. And the rest we can take care of."

Blaine leaned into Caio's side. Gally's logic made sense. He hoped it was true. His family would be fighting, and he didn't want to lose a single one of them.

"Blaine," Caio said softly. "This is where we need you. We need you to find out when Crone will attack. We have picked out our place of battle, in a forest about ten miles out of the city. It's likely that Crone's spies have caught wind of this. I'm positive he knows we have an army. And we've put the word out that we'll be camping out in the forest, waiting for him. So it's likely he's set a date. I need you to use the key, find out when he is going to attack."

Blaine took a deep breath and looked up into Caio's dark, loving eyes. He nodded slowly and closed his eyes, placing his palm over the ring. He let his powers flow into the ring. Everyone watched as the red mist swirled around his hands.

Blaine pictured the forest in his mind. Healthy brown trees with plush green leaves. He imagined their army arriving there, waiting. Then the vision came as if it were smacked into his forehead. He watched the sun go down five times, symbolizing days passing. When the sixth moon came up, it stayed in the sky. Blaine let out a little gasp. 

"Six nights," Blaine whispered, horrified.

Caio pulled Blaine into his chest and gently stroked his hair. Blaine was slightly panicked. It was too soon! Caio kissed Blaine's forehead, then looked toward Gally. 

"I'll let everyone know. We leave tonight," Gally said, standing up and walking into the kitchen. Braden followed him closely. 

~~

Blaine and his family arrived at the forest. They trudged silently through it until they were seven miles in. They set up their tents quickly and efficiently. Blaine and Braden watched, neither of them had ever set up a tent before. As bad as the situation was, despite his stomach being twisted in nervous knots, Blaine was a little excited to be on his first camping trip. 

When they finished, people slowly started showing up. Some set up tents, some brought only sleeping bags. They kept coming until late in the night. Gally went around greeting every single one of them. They were all accounted for. 

Blaine ignored the curious stares directed towards him. He heard their whispers, wondering if the red marks on his skin were tattoos. None of the words said were unfriendly, so he didn't let it phase him.

Around one in the morning, with everyone settled in and sleeping, Caio and Blaine were cuddled up in their tent. Blaine was shivering, his teeth chattering loudly. Caio smiled and pulled the shivering body tighter against him, pressing their foreheads together.

"You will get used to the cold, love. Our family spends a lot of time outdoors." Caio was smiling and rubbing Blaine's arms.

"I'm n-not c-cold." Blaine said innocently. "I l-love this."

Caio laughed and slipped his hands under Blaine's shirt. He quickly pulled it off, along with the thick hoodie. Blaine started to protest when his pants and boxers were removed. He tried to pull them back on. "What are you d-doing!"

"I thought you said you weren't cold, love." He gave Blaine that wry smile that drove him crazy and melted his heart all at once.

"You know I w-wasn't serious!"

Caio laughed a little louder and quickly undressed himself. "I know, angel. You'll warm up faster naked. You can take my body heat, and it'll get trapped under the blankets."

Blaine nodded and cuddled tighter into his husband. He wrapped his arms tightly around his neck and rested his leg over his hip. Caio kissed Blaine slowly and pulled on Blaine's hip, pushing their crotches together. Caio rocked his hips slowly, rubbing their cocks together. Blaine let out a little moan and kissed Caio roughly, parting his lips when a tongue prodded at them. Blaine became hard quickly and was panting at the licks of pleasure that ran through his body. 
