 An 18-year-old public schoolboy gets banged by the servant.

Joining the Upper Sixth Form at St Latimer College was challenge enough. Joining in mid-February was a disaster. With A-Levels less than three months away, and revision around the corner, Blake wanted an 18th birthday celebration to remember.

Blake lowered himself and sighed as the rubber cock teased around his fuck hole. It was tough making friends at a new school - especially when everyone would be graduating in a few months. And boarding at a school with so many hot guys that he couldn't get close to? Exquisitely frustrating.

Blake tilted his body so that the head of the cock could bang against his pleasure spot. He lifted, and thrust down.

"Ohhh" he moaned lightly, gyrating atop the dildo. 

The first class would start in 4 minutes, and Blake was going to be late. He bounced faster in a state of undress - school shirt unbuttoned, briefs on the floor, and house tie binding his wrists.

Blake shot a seductive look at his iPhone, watching his lithe self wantonly fuck in real time. His dick hardened. This video would be perfect for the wank bank. 

3 minutes. He couldn't arrive to Geography with a dripping cock and an unsatisfied hole. One look at his hot classmates - or the beefy Mr Andreou, would make him splash his pants.

His bound hands circled his cock, and went wild.

"Ohh, OHhhh, OOOHHHHHH" he moaned as the delectable pressure built. Blake sped up the pace, groaning and grunting as he spanked his meat and banged the rubber cock.

2 minutes. Cacophony outside the door as the other boys hustled to class. Blake's dick leaked faster at the realisation that they were only separated by an unlocked door. The pre-cum coated his bound hands. Blake lifted a finger to his lips, and tasted his essence.

And then the door opened. 

Guiltily perched atop the rubber dildo, bound and erect, Blake's mouth opened in simultaneous fear and stimulation as the house servant stepped in.

Catching the pretty lad in a cock-pleasing position, the servant decided to take this as a perk of the job.

In a flash, the servant loosened his bow tie, unbuttoned his ivory waistcoat, and fished out his fat cock through the open zipper of his black trousers. Appraising the schoolboy, naked except for a dishevelled and unbuttoned school shirt falling off his shoulders and a red school tie binding his wrists, the servant issued a command:

"Get on all fours."

Blake's dick twitched in excitement at the command. Like a good boy, he got into position, bound wrists stretching forward. Like a bad boy, his dick started to cream.

The servant grinned crookedly at the sight of the privileged lad with his head down and his butt raised, lubricated and ready to please. His coat and tails rustled as he stepped towards the schoolboy. "Time for you to service me."

The servant grasped Blake's butt and banged it on his cock. The room echoed with the grunts and chuckles of the servant, and the yelps and yips of the submissive schoolboy. Between the sounds of slapping skin and ragged breath, Blake could make out some snatches of conversation from the rutting animal atop him.

"Dirty rich bitch!" the servant panted, as he fucked the schoolboy's hot love box with wild abandon. "Do your wealthy parents know that you spread your legs for the Help?"

Lost in another dimension of sexual pleasure, Blake squealed like a slut. 

"Cum for me, bitch," the servant growled." "Milk my cock."

At the edge, Blake lowered his bound hands to his dick, and pumped himself to ecstasy. He cried out and thrashed atop the servant's cock, gasping in the throes of sexual release as he spurted ropes of teenage cum across his school-issue bedsheets. 

"Ohhhh FUCK MEEE!! Yes Yes Yes Yes Fuuuuuck!! Yeahhhhh!! BANG MY DIRTY HOLE!!"

Blake's tight hole squeezed and massaged the servant's fuck sausage with every orgasmic contraction, causing the servant to dump his thick spunk inside the rich bitch.

"Whore!" the servant sighed as he emptied his balls deep within Blake's tight pleasure chute. He rutted a few more times, slapping his palm against the supple globes. Satisfied, the servant pulled out and zipped up, allowing his seed to creampie at the schoolboy's hot entrance and drip out onto the bedspread. The servant walked out, leaving the room in disarray.

Glistening with sweat and cum, Blake raised his blissful eyes to the iPhone. The red stop button smiled back.

Definitely a video for the wank bank.