 Sore and probably bruised, I got up off the floor. It took me a minute to do so, since my whole body stung. It was a totally weird feeling...my ass was totally stretched. I felt something trickling down my hamstrings and legs, and realized it was Blake's cum streaming out of my fucked ass. Blake was just back under his shower, ignoring me, as if nothing had happened. He looked magnificent, with the sleek curves of his muscles wet under the shower...but I quickly looked away and washed up, then left.

To tell you the truth, for a few hours I was in a sort of a daze, and I felt like I was in a movie...nothing seemed real, and the whole thing "didn't register," or I was trying to put it out of my mind. Later that evening, however, I had two huge orgasms again, jacking off-each time imagining Blake slowly penetrating my ass or humping me up and down his massive cock. I felt embarrassed each time, and I tried to put it out of my head. The look and feel of his muscles moving, however, stuck in my head along with the feeling of his rigid girth turning me into his slut...it was almost like I felt it, and it got me hotter and hotter.

I decided that I had to do something to make up for this crap, and I remembered that that evening I had a double-date planned out with Dave and our girlfriends. I panicked and hurried, but I was a bit late, which pissed them off. I didn't end up doing much more with Amy, my girl, than make out that night. I wasn't in the mood for anything else, though she's quite hot, at 5'7, with long dark-brown hair, firm breasts and ass, and a face to match. Dave's girlfriend, Jen, is pretty cute too, though she dies her black hair blonde, and wears too much make up and stuff...though Dave likes that.

He's very much like me in so far as looks go...about six foot, green eyes and black hair, with a firm, toned body that's pretty strong, but not really muscular or anywhere close to Blake's...I felt myself thinking of Blake all throughout that date, but tried to put it out of my mind. Amy noticed I was preoccupied, and asked me if everything was OK; I found myself thinking about what exactly I wanted from her.

After my experience with Blake, try as I may, the thought of fucking Amy didn't come anywhere close in intensity. I also thought about what she'd think if I told her what happened; I decided that telling your girlfriend that you were spanked and fucked up the ass by a stronger male, however, was not a good idea, especially if you add that you came without touching yourself-but I repressed these thoughts, and all in all the date went pretty well.

The next day I was a bit anxious with the idea of going to practice again, knowing full well that Blake would be there. But I decided finally to rile up the necessary courage, and headed for the lockers. I even figured out that it was no big deal. It was sort of like losing a fight. So what? Guys get beat up all the time. You win some you lose some, and if Blake was such a pervert, it was not my fault. On the corridors during my way to a class, however, as I was walking with Amy and chatting, I ran into him.

It was like being paralyzed. Blake was wearing a pair of jeans that hugged his muscular legs, and a black T-shirt that showed off his massive shoulders and chest. He casually carried a bag around a shoulder. Seeing my stunned reaction, Blake smirked at me. Amy was silent too, looking between us, and I gathered that she sort of sensed something was wrong. We were pretty much alone on the hallway...he sort of cupped and pretended to grab his groin, as if he was just adjusting himself, though when he did this I got so fucking hot, and I became red-faced at the thought of what Blake had done the day before. 

"What's up, Mark," he said, sort of with a smug smile on his face.

"Ummm...hey Blake, what's up," I answered. I was nervous, but trying like hell to play it cool in front of Amy.

Blake just seemed to emanate a sort of power, though, like a heat, I don't know, just the sight of him warmed and weakened my knees.

"Nothin' much, man," he said. "You Mark's girlfriend," he asked Amy. I sort

of wished they wouldn't have met.

"Yeah," she answered after a few seconds. "You guys on the crew team together?"

"Fuck yah," said Blake, sort of clasping my shoulder, pretty tight. "At least we're trying to be...you coming to practice today Mark? Wouldn't want to see you end up on staff, man."

He had a shit-eating grin again...he was referring to the fact that some people who didn't make the real team, to row, still got offered positions on "staff," organizing the team's finances, taking care of the equipment, and other stuff. I had resolved not to accept such a position, though. Blake's grip on my shoulder was electric and seemed to melt any resolve.

"Yeah...sure, I'll be there, Blake..." I meekly answered. Blake looked Amy up and down.

"Great," he said unenthusiastically, patted me on the back, as he walked past. "Oh, and dude? Be sure to stay after practice and help us clean out the lockers for this semester, alright?"

"Ummm...sure, Blake," I said, as he walked away. I didn't know that such a meeting had been scheduled. It quickly dawned on me that Blake probably wanted me to stay after for another purpose...I tried to put it out of my mind, and resolved to leave practice early. I had to study with Amy that afternoon, and I wasn't about to blow her off to obey that asshole's wishes.

"Is that the captain of the team?" asked Amy after we walked a few more steps.

"No!" I answered, pretty pissed. "Didn't you hear that we're not even on the team yet?"

"Oh..." said Amy, "...'K...no reason to get upset, I just thought...so he's our class?"

"Yeah," I said. Then I tried to assure her we would keep our date that afternoon.

As soon as I got in the locker room, however, everything changed. Blake was in the middle of a group of guys, as always the center of attention, just holding a towel that happened to come in front of his crotch, not even around his waist. His bulging muscles were slightly wet and tanned, and he rested all his weight on one leg. At first sight of Blake my cock twitched in my pants and the feel of his first powerful penetration coursed through my mind. I quickly looked away as he talked in his domineering voice,

"...and shit, dude, the fucking faggot stumbled on his desk and hit his arm on the board," Blake was saying as the others laughed. For a moment I became pale, but then I realized he was just talking about a professor who had had an embarrassing incident in class that day.

Blake continued his story as I changed. He ignored me. Then when I was all ready, and was just about to talk to Dave for a sec, Blake all of a sudden just said, casually,

"Hey guys, why don't you go get a new batch of towels from the desk for us all?"

The guys broke out into chuckles. I laughed it off and told him to blow me. The group meeting ended up in a series of locker rooms taunts and banter, all in good fun. I was nervous that Blake might hint something but figured, what could he say in front of others? We related anyway almost as equals, although in truth maybe no guy there felt he was Blakes equal. All in all he just seemed to outclass every other guy on every level.

Practice ended a couple of hours later. Blake had been magnificent again, and got all the compliments from the coach, who worked him hard. After practice we all went to the showers. I looked around at all the tall, muscled guys, but I was sure my skill matched theirs. I had done well the past two days, and I was almost sure now that Dave and I would make the team. The showers were full of steam and all the guys talked loud, and there was a lot of boasting and stuff. I kept sneaking peeks at Blake...I just couldn't believe how well-put-together and defined his body was.

From the muscular hips, to the muscular lines around the hips, to the bulging, sculpted ripples of abs and the broad chest and rocky, broad shoulders...everything was perfect. I even caught sight of his long, loose cock, and my own twitched. I looked away, fearing that I'd get hard. But it was no use...I kept looking his direction again and again. At one point he nodded to me. I think that's when I lost all my willpower and decided to stay behind as he had told me to.

I fiddled mindlessly with my stuff around the locker room as everyone else cleared out. Dave invited me for a drink, but I told him that I was sort of busy for a few hours, I made some lame excuse.

Pretty soon everyone had left, except for me and Blake, who was in front of the sinks and mirrors, sort of washing his face. My heart was pounding with anxiety and anticipation.

"Hey faggot, get your ass over here," said Blake curtly. I got up and went over without a question. Blake smirked at my immediate obedience. I blushed.

"That's right, dude, you fuckin' do what I tell you, don't you?" I looked down, at his muscled legs. "Don't you, dipshit," he asked as he raised my head by my chin.

"Yes, Blake," I said, softly.

"What's that, bitch?" he asked, again. "I didn't hear you? Did you just say you were my bitch?"

I went beet red. But I complied, "Yes, Blake, I'm your bitch."

"Why are you my bitch, boy? Answer me. Now."

"Because..." I hesitated, but Blake tightened his grasp on my chin. "Because...you fucked me." I think I had tears come in my eyes at this point. Why couldn't I resist this guy and tell him to fuck off? Then I noticed...my dick was hardening.

"Awww...save it for your bitch, bitch. She's got a nice ass though..." he smiled, and I looked up at him now, sort of defiantly. I didn't want him to go there. "But that's not what's getting you hard now, is it, faggot?"

I looked up into his steel-blue eyes. His whole face was so young, masculine, full of power. We were the same age though. Then I noticed that he had grabbed his massive, thick cock. I took in the sight of the dick that had busted my cherry and taken my virginity the day before. Then Blake took his hand off my chin and put it on the top of my head. He pushed down.

"I'm in the mood for a little practice r&r, dickwad, and I decided I'm gonna make your day..." I got the point, and I was not about to disobey him.

I was full of desire and fear. This dominant stud had me totally under his power.

"Suck my dick, bitch," he said, roughly.

This was normally an insult...I mean, a couple of days ago I probably would have punched a guy for saying this. But now I just compliantly opened my mouth and took in the head of Blake's half-hard cock. The taste was salty, but the contact was electric. Blake, pulling me by the back of my head, slowly inched his half-hard cock down my mouth, as I pushed with my hands against his muscled, smooth thighs. Then all of a sudden he popped his dick out of my mouth and slapped my face roughly with it a few times.

Confused, I looked up as he grabbed my hair.

"Watch your fucking teeth, cocksucker, or I'll knock them out," Blake said.

He looked into my eyes and smiled; I was full of fear, admiration, and lust for him. "Alright," he continued, smiling, "open up."

I did, and Blake slid his now almost fully-hard cock into my mouth. The taste of Blake's dick in my mouth was amazing; my own dick was throbbing, about to burst I thought: the soft skin, the rigid strength, the penetrating resolve...I felt it was like Blake himself. A natural penetrator, I thought, and smiled around his cock. I was careful to hide my teeth though, under my lips. Soon Blake started fucking my face and gagging my throat with his massive cock; my jaws were aching.

"Fuck yah, faggot...oh yeah, Mark, takin' my shaft down your bitch throat, boy, that's so fuckin' hot..." Blake now had a tight grip on my hair, and it hurt, but I didn't care...I was just totally into sucking his hot cock, and his words were driving me wild.

"Oh yeah, you fuckin' wimp, you just love worshipping the cock that made you into a pussy, huh fag? God, Maark..." said Blake, slowly long-stroking my mouth now, like he would a girl's pussy.

"Shit, Mark, your mouth is such a cunt...feels so fucking good...you like it, huh? You like swingin' on my hard rod, dude?" I moaned like a whore in response. "Fuck yea, dude, I know you do...suck it...choke on my cock, wimp."

My cock just about burst when this dominant jock classmate bully called me a wimp while fucking my mouth with his fat cock. He was right, though...I was a wimp compared to him at least, and I was sucking on his cock partly because I was afraid he'd beat me blue. Which is not to say I wasn't enjoying it like crazy, maybe even because I was doing it to be his bitch wimp. Just then Blake flicked his right foot against my cock, a few times, saying,

"Fuck, dude, you're such a fuckin' cocksucking loser, getting hard with my cock busting open your throat...take it, bitch..." The words, his dominating voice, and his foot flicking my own dick was all too much...I erupted with a moan. I dug my fingers into his muscled hips as I gushed all over the floor and his foot.

"Fu-uck, bitch, what the hell are you doin' man?" said Blake as he plopped his thick cock out of my mouth and back-handed me across the face. "You fuckin' came on my foot, dipshit! Fuckin' gross!" he exclaimed.

I didn't know what to do. Now that I had come, my rush subsided somewhat, and I just felt embarrassed and afraid. A few seconds passed as I sat there waiting to see what Blake would do next. He wiped his mouth with his hand, then put his arms on his hips and breathed in and out, his massive chest muscles expanding and contracting. He took a step closer, and started talking, accentuating each word with a smack of his cock on my forehead,

"Al-right, ass-wipe, clean *smack* me *smack* off...then finish blowing me, I wanna come down your faggot throat." I waited for a second, but his cock smacking me, and the aggressive mass of his muscles made me reconsider.

I meekly bent down and started licking my own cum off his foot.

"Fu-cking paa-thetic, Marcia," he said, snickering. "What kind of a guy licks another dude's feet, man? What do you think your girl would say if she saw you now, huh? Licking another guy's foot after you had come on him because he was plugging your throat? Huh, pussy?" I stopped for a second and looked up at him.

But Blake smacked my face with his other foot, bringing back to heel, literally. Without another word, I finished licking his foot then moved to his other. I dutifully licked his feet, sucked his toes and in between his toes and licked the soles of his strong, well-formed, arched feet. My cock was starting to harden again. I looked up at Blake as I was licking the toes on his left foot. He had a look of absolute dominance, superiority, and lust in his eyes, and just the slightest smile. He was jacking his tremendous cock, rising above me like a battering ram. I desperately reached for my own cock and jacked myself off as I was licking his foot. But Blake had different ideas.

Blake pushed my face off with his foot, then I saw him bend over. 

"Shit, boy, I almost wanna ram out your pussy again...but there's time for that later. Right now I want your other hole, bitch-boy...I want you to eat my cum like a dog, faggot. You better not cum until I do this time, or I'll fuckin' make you suck me in front of the whole team and the coach, shithead."

Grabbing me roughly by the hair and manhandling me, Blake dragged me to the shower walls and slammed my back against them. I would have done anything he told me to and he knew it...but this stud obviously got off on totally dominating another jock, showing his power over another male his own age. With my back to the wall, and my ass on the floor, I was faced with Blake standing before me like a god, his powerful legs spread open and his cock spearing out over my forehead. He laid one hand on the wall and grabbed the base of his cock with his right, then pointed it at my mouth. Without a word he thrust forward and I opened my lips to accept it. Though a week ago we had been on equal terms, even rivals, and I poked fun at him, Blake was boss now. He was in control and we both knew it; physically, mentally, psychologically, he had psyched me out and totally fucked me the day before.

I was officially his bitch, as he said. Now I accepted the burning hardness of his dick into my mouth without protest. Blake lunged in slowly until the head hit the back of my throat, then pulled completely out of my mouth, with a sucking sound. He repeated this motion ten, fifteen times.

"Shit, fuckin' great head-pussy, Mark...you're one total fag..." Blake kept pulling in and out of my mouth and strands of my spit spread from my lips to the head of his forceful cock.

I had never fucked a girl anally...I knew you were supposed to take it slow and gentle. I was always somewhat even afraid my cock would "break" if I tried to jam it in like that; but Blake could, in a couple of motions, deep-cock, not a girl, but a jock team-mate. I couldn't imagine doing the same to him, though at first I wanted to, to settle the score. But his cock must have been so fucking powerful to be able to do this, so strong...

Now Blake ran his cock all the way home, as far down my throat as it would go. I could barely breathe, and I gagged pushing on his sleek, muscled legs...they didn't budge. All of my resistance to Blake, I realized, was bound to be impotent. There was simply no standing up to him. This realization made my dick twitch hard, and, with his jock-fucker down my throat, almost made me cum again. But I remembered his warning. Blake pulled back from my throat, and tears came to my eyes as I could finally breathe in again.

Blake then really set about fucking my throat raw like a cunt. He grabbed both sides of my head and alternated between short, quick strokes, and longer ones that made me gag. His cock-shaft was totally shining with my spit. I looked up and saw his round, powerful biceps flexing as he grabbed my head and fucked it like a pussy. His face had an intense look of lust and power now, as his hips alternated between fast and slow thrusts.

"You gonna take my cum, wimp, ogh fuckin' shit yah...you better take it, keep it in your fucking mouth. You keep it in your mouth, you hear, faggot!?" I moaned in compliance.

I was hiding my teeth under my lips, wary of his earlier orders.

"Yeah, that's right bitch, you fuckin take my sperm and hold it right in your pussy mouth. Gonna use this mouth all year long, dipshit...gonna make myself a cunt out of your fag friend's mouth too, don't worry..." this surprised me and I looked up.

Just then, however, my attention was turned to the fact that Blake turned his head up and groaned powerfully...I saw the veins in his throat stand out and his cock throbbed violently in my mouth.

Wave after wave of cum exploded down the back of my throat, but I desperately tried to keep as much in my mouth as I could, doing as I was told by this asshole bully. I felt I had no choice. In the middle of his orgasm, Blake looked back down at me, and his blue eyes seemed to penetrate mine as his cock came in my mouth. The look of dominance and power in his face and the feel of his cum in my mouth was driving me over the edge again. I had been jacking myself off furiously during this whole time, and I spurted on the floor again as Blake finished his last few eruptions in my mouth.

"Show me," he ordered. I opened my mouth. "Squish it around, I want you to taste my cum like a good bitch." I did. "Swallow!" I obeyed his command, and felt the rich, thick cum stream down my throat.

Blake then put his palm up to my mouth; it was covered with some of his cum, and I licked his cum out of his palm. Blake then slapped my face a few times with his softening cock and wiped it off in my wet hair. He turned and walked away, and he seemed to be like a masculine god with a strut, the powerful, supple muscles in his back and ass playing with each step.