 Jay and I had been friends since the 7th grade, we're both 18 now. He's a scrawny looking guy, shaggy dirty blond hair, sparkling green eyes, and nearly 6ft tall. I'm about 5'10" tall, large build but somewhat in shape; no bulging muscles but definitely not a twig like Jay. I have much more groomed brown hair and deep brown eyes. Jay and I have been great friends, we do damn near everything together, inside and outside of school. We were good enough friends that we were usually spending all our time at eachothers homes.

One of our favorite activities was watching porn. I can't remember a time Jay didn't want to look at porn while we were hanging out. We even used to peak at his uncles porn when we were younger, it was a rush both from the porn and the chance of getting caught. Jay and I were constant masturbators, and we had no problem admitting it. After all, we're both plenty confident in our straight sexuality. When at Jay's house, he'd often get horny, pop in a DVD and we'd jack off in the same room, but the lay-z-boy's were positioned where one was further up than the other, so all I can see is the back of the chair and of course the TV. 

On this particular day, we did the same. He brought out the lube for himself, I preferred not to use much lube so a squirt did fine for me. We got in our usual spots and started watching a very hot porn. The large muscled man on the screen was pounding away at this little blonde's pussy, it was absolutely great. The porn star blew his load all over her face and she smiled up at the camera. Jay was moaning way more than I usually heard him, so much in fact it was a bit distracting while trying to get my own self off. I guess Jay didn't realize the lay-z-boy had swiveled a bit, and I could clearly see his massive cock in his hand as he jerked it like he would win a race. I honestly never thought he could be so big just judging on his scrawny body, but from where I sat I swear it had to be 8 inches and pretty thick. I caught myself still jacking off, but I was watching him. Unfortunately, the chair swiveled back again and all I was left with was the green back of the chair. 

I was disappointed...wait...why was I disappointed? I'm straight, aren't I? I guess because we had been friends for so long, I never really thought about our 'boundaries'...in fact, he was the one who usually initiated the idea of jacking of and watching porn...hell, he'd tell me how many times he jacked off in a day and how big his cumshots were, but I never really thought of a sexual motive out of it.

I was tired of just sitting there wondering. The next thing out of Jay's mouth was all in perfect timing

"Fuck! I guess I jacked off too much today, I keep feeling like I'm going to cum but nothing happens." 

He sounded very frustrated. I think I just let lust take me over after that. I got up the nerve to walk up to Jay. Very nervously, I said,

"Well hey man...I know this is kinda weird but I read that plenty of people do this. What if you watch the porn on the screen but let me...ermm...jack you off...and like..um...it's a psychological thing, you'll be watching the TV and feel a stranger so it'll feel like the girl and uh..."

I found myself rambling, now my face beat red. Jay looked puzzled, 

"Dude, what the hell? Wouldn't that be gay?"

As open about telling me sexual stuff about himself, Jay always seemed a bit homophobic, he nearly disowned me when he heard that I kissed a guy in a game of Truth or Dare. 

"Well, I mean we already jack off in the same damn room, it's not like it'd be gay, I mean we wouldn't be lovers or shit, it'd just be jacking off, but I mean hey man if you wanna sit there and get blue balls that's on you." I felt like I played it off pretty cool. Jay paused

"Alright" he said. I was shocked. "But get a blanket off the bed so I don't see you".

I was hoping to god I wasn't smiling like a little girl. I don't know why the idea of this turned me on so much, but I was rock hard at the idea. I've always been into taboo, naughty things. My favorite porn has always been voyeur porn, squirting girls, stuff you don't see in the humdrum Hollywood porn. I quickly grabbed a large comforter off the bed and covered myself, getting on my knees and bringing the top of the comforter to Jay's stomach. I couldn't believe I was face first infront of my best friend's throbbing cock. I couldn't help but to look at it awe for a bit. This was the first cock I had ever seen in person besides my own after all, and mine was only a mere 6 inches and no where near as thick as Jays'. I heard the DVD start again, we were in the middle of a hand job scene which was perfect for me. I began to stroke him slowly at first, working my hands like I was molding a piece of art. It was thrilling to me. It was so different than stroking my own, and especially at a different angle. I weaved his cock through my hands at different angles and strokes, different speeds. I heard him moan more when I did a long slow stroke followed by a few fast strokes. I used my other hand to rub his balls and I felt his legs jump a bit. I could tell he was loving it..I was never a fan of having my balls played with but apparently he loved it. I watched every inch of his cock nearly dwarf my hand. Suddenly I saw something glisten at the head of his cock..it was a nice small puddle of precum. I squeezed his cock a little tighter and watched the precum drip down the shaft and on my thumb. This was such a turn on. I squeezed his cock again, but this time when I saw the pool of precum something took control of me, and I licked it up. Wow! It actually tastes good! Jay must have not been expecting this because I heard a sharp gasp between closed teeth.

I had to now. I slid my mouth over the head of his throbbing rod and licked in fast circles. I've never given head before, but I've watched so much porn I figure I can freestyle. Still rubbing his balls, I tried to get more of his dick down my mouth. I gagged when the head of his cock hit the back of my throat. My eyes watered, but I shrugged it off, extended my tongue and moved my head up and down fast. I guess I was doing well because I could feel his hands on my back as he moaned and shouted 

"Oh fuck, baby...I want to cum all over those tits."

I almost forgot there was a DVD still playing, that he was obviously deeply involved with. I pulled his dick out of my throat long enough to catch my breath, then like a scuba diver going back in the water, I slide his cock as far in my mouth as I could bare. Slurping and stroking him, I couldn't believe how soft a cock could be while it's rock hard. I wanted to push my limits, so I held my breath and raised my back a bit, sliding his cock all the way down til I felt his balls on my chin, and I heard Jay shout 

"Oh fucking shit!"

I wasn't prepared for this massive load hitting the back of my throat. his cock slipped out of my mouth and started shooting me in the face with his hot seed. I quickly put it back in my mouth to suck out the rest. This didn't taste as good as the precum, which was weird to me, but either way I sucked it all up, wiped my face off with his cock then licked the cum off again.

I stayed under the covers as I caught my breath, and I could tell he was catching his as well. I didn't know what to do...do I take off the blanket and smile up at him...do I keep myself covered and wait for him to leave the room? I was at a loss. I bravely backed away and then took the blanket off. 

"Wow, that was freaking awesome" Jay exclaimed. He laid there on the chair, slightly sweaty, and cock still rock hard, covered in my spit. 

"Yeah, that was pretty cool on my end to...hey...umm...think I could get a turn?" I was in high hopes, I wanted to see how awesome he could be at giving head. 

"I've got an even better idea." 

Jay came over to me and put the covers back over my head...I had no idea what was going on...I landed on the chair's side, and before I could ask what was going on, I felt a cold liquid against my ass, along with two finger, 

"Oooohh shit...ouch!"

but before I could get over the pain of the fingers in my ass, I felt another object, much thicker start to slip inside.

"Shit dude, what the fuck?"

I shouted, though I didn't feel like I could move. With almost a 'pop' feeling, I got 6 inches of Jay's 8 inch cock in my ass. I moaned in pain as a white hot burning sensation came over me. Jay started to thrust his hips, fucking me slowly at first. The pain started to turn to pleasure. I had no idea what it felt like to be fucked up the ass. It's a very mixed feeling sensation, of pain, uncomfortable, pleasure, and feeling like you're in another world. Jay thrust harder and deeper inside of me, I just moaned along with him, I didn't feel like there was much else I could do. His balls slapped against mine. My cock was still rock hard, and I started to feel as if I was pissing. I couldn't see my own cock but when I felt it hit my leg I realized I was cumming from Jay fucking me. He moaned a familiar moan and pulled me as close to him as possible, unloading another hot load of semen inside my once-virgin ass.

"Ahhhhhhhh fuck yes!" He said in almost a victory tone. He kept it in me for a bit, I assume for good measure, then slipped out. My ass felt like it was hollow for a second, then felt like I should've ran toward the bathroom...Jay had already went to the bathroom to start wiping off his cock...I laid there on the chair, trying to catch my breath as cum pooled out of my ass onto my feet. I felt in disbelief, but satisfaction at the same time....Jay never mentioned what was going on in his mind during all this...just simply stated, "Next time, your house"....