 Over 20 years ago now, I was introduced the bliss that comes from being with another man and it has haunted me ever since. 

It started when a group of 10 buddies, all between the ages between 18 and 20, that magical age where you are an adult but not adult enough to buy alcohol, decided to road trip to my buddy's parent's cabin in the woods. The road trip consisted of 3 cars with trunks packed with beer, a football, a radio, stack of CD's, a deck of playing cards, and a stop at an adult toy store where the needed porn videos, magazines, (yes, I said magazines. I am 45 now and the internet thing did not take off as of then) and blow up doll were purchased.

The weekend went pretty much like you would expect it to. Friday night we pulled up, got the camp fire going, cranked up the music, and started drinking. Now sleeping space was a premium so I quickly shot down the hall and saved the lower bunk in one of the bedrooms. I was pretty much set as I knew that at least five guys will be fighting for floor space or an old springy couch. Not that it would matter much to most of them, considering we pretty much just drank to the point that you wouldn't feel much discomfort anyway.

We pulled out the porn and did plenty of laughing and joking. I did that too, but even then I was drawn to porn like a moth to a flame. I would take individual magazines back to the room every chance I could and give them a proper studying. I probably do not have to describe how horny any guy is at this age is much less given alcohol and porn. I was as hard as a rock but didn't risk trying to jerk off. The fear of getting interrupted and caught was mortifying. At least up until now I was showing some type of self-control. I returned to the party and basically drank and partied until I passed out.

Saturday morning the crew slowly woke up, moaning and groaning, quick to cure our hangovers by drinking again. We restoked the campfire, drove into town, brought some food and supplies, and headed back. It was when we pulled back in the driveway that we noticed a new car parked by the cabin. It turned out another buddy of ours decided to make the trip and he brought a friend from school, Jason. 

Jason was a couple inches taller than me, about 5'10", lean, fit, with longer brown hair. I was 5'8, 160 lbs., flat hard stomach, clean cut, and in good shape. 

I made a smart ass comment about the preppy clothes he was wearing for a backwoods party and he laughed and said he had to agree. I offered him a beer, assured him that I was just kidding, and we drank and talked for the next few hours.

As the day went on, people where breaking off to different activities. The serious card players were at the kitchen table, the guys attending the fire were camped out in front of it, some guys were trying to catch a nap, and others were throwing the football. I was never much of a gambler, so I bounced back and forth between the fire and the football with Jason. I went in to check on the poker game and glanced down and saw some neglected porn mags on the couch. As I glanced at the selection, I was instantly drawn to an oral sex themed one and instantly felt my cock jump. I did my best to pick it up as casually as possible and slipped back to the bedroom so I could give the pictures the attention they deserved.

I closed the door and thought maybe, just maybe, they would not miss me or think I was just trying to catch up on some sleep. I lie on the bed, unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans (for purely comfort reasons you understand) and began starring at the incredible pictures of hot women as they sucked cock. It was no big surprise (6" to be exact) that I felt my cock press hard against my underwear. What was surprising was that I found my mouth half open and watering as I starred at what those girls got to play with. I found myself envious of the girls as they got to play with these, hard, gorgeous looking cocks. My mind raced at what control a girl must feel when they please a man like this. The thought of giving such pleasure to someone fits my people pleasing personality, and I pressed my pelvis hard against the mattress again and again, trying to relieve any pressure I could from the blood that was now engorging my cock. The motion only made things worse.

My cock was so hard now that I knew I had to do something. I suffered a case of blue balls once before in my life and swore I would never go through that pain again. As I got up to check the door I saw that the blow up doll had made its way down the hallway. I quickly snatched it up and closed the door behind me. The thought of trying to use "her" mouth was irresistible. I wanted so bad to feel a mouth around my cock and couldn't wait to feed my cock in "her" open mouth. I quickly realized I was without lube as I tried to slowly lower "her" head on my cock. I was disappointed in the way it felt on my cock. I had a good supply of precum already and rubbed it over the head of my cock, used some saliva, and tried again. My cock entered the hole easier this time but the inflatable head didn't provide enough stability to press "her" head down to the base of my shaft. Never the less, I tried worked my cock back and forth and it didn't take long to feel my cum filled balls begin to tighten.

It was at this exact moment that the door swung open. There stood Jason, his eyes immediately glancing down at the blow up doll between my legs, my cock in her mouth, as I sat at the edge of the bed. He stood there for what seemed like an hour but in reality was probably like five seconds before he lowered his eyes and turned around to hastily rush through the door. I sat there; my heart in my throat, frozen in the thought of my worst fear would now be realized. The reactions my friends will have once they hear the story. I threw the doll off my cock and pulled up my pants. I must have paced in the room for like 15 minutes before lowering my head and walking back to the party. 

If I had driven I would have gotten in my car and drove away. Instead, I was trapped there waiting for the inevitable. It was like being told you were going to get hit by a truck but you didn't know when. My stomach was tied up in knots so I couldn't drink. I moved around the rest of that day, avoiding Jason, glancing at whomever he was talking to, and waiting for the fall out I was sure would come. Seconds turned in to minutes, minutes into hours, and still nothing. As each minute passed I began to hope that maybe, just maybe, he holds off in telling his story to the ride home. I would be good with that. Let the word spread after the fact and I can get begin looking for new friends without facing the bombardment of insults and jokes from these guys.

Guys continued to drink and party and one by one they started to crash. I helped escort my drunken bunk buddy back to his bed and just decided to lie down for the night myself. My muscles tight, I lie there in the pitch dark listening for any sound that might be a reaction to what Jason had witnessed. An hour or so later the cabin fell quiet but I still couldn't sleep.

Then I heard the door creep open, and the sounds of a guy clearing a space to crash. Not completely unexpected with the addition of Jason and our other buddy, but still an unwelcome thing to deal with considering the night I was having. I turned toward the wall and tried to ignore it the best I could. I was completely dark so I couldn't make out who it was and I quite honestly didn't even care.

A few minutes went by and I heard some rustling and noises coming from my new roommate. At first I didn't think anything about it, but the more I listened the more it sounded like he may be jacking off or at the very least, playing with himself. I put the thought out of my head and cursed the fact that my mind would still go there considering where my uncontrollable urges have gotten me. A minute or two later, however, more noise. This was someone moving towards the side of my bed, still on the floor, but sitting up and looking over me. 

I now made out the silhouette. It was Jason! I lie there, frozen again, not knowing what to expect. I pretended to be asleep in hopes he would soon realize that the bed was occupied and he would return to his spot on the floor. Instead, I felt a hand softly brush against my waist. Not believing what I thought was happening, I decided to play possum and continue my act of being asleep. Jason's hand slowly increased the length in which he stoked my sides. My heart was beating out of my chest not knowing what to do next. I decided to go with the fake sleeping act yet, but turn to lie on my back as if I was reacting to the touches in my sleep.

After a short reprieve from his uninvited touches, I again felt the soft touch of his hand, this time on my stomach. He placed his hand just below my naval, so his thumb was over my belly button and his pinkie touch the waist band of my underwear. I was quickly reminded that I did strip down to my underwear before jumping under the covers. I had a sporty pair of briefs on made of a thinner material. I remember because I loved the way they felt whenever my cock would press against them. Now I was wondering if the decision to wear them would help betray me. His first several movements were his hand sliding across my stomach towards my hip and then back towards the other side. 

My mind was blank. I never thought of myself as gay or even bi up to this point of my life. I had a girlfriend, which I loved to have sex with, and loved the site of a beautiful girl. My masturbating was frequent and intense but I thought probably no more than any other guy my age. Let's face it, sex with the girl friend while living with parents is not going to be as frequent as you would want or need. It wasn't until earlier today that I became consciously aware of how the thought of another man's cock got me horny.

All I knew was what was happening to me right this second felt good. Better than good. It was like he met me and had read a manual on everything I loved most when it came to sex. He was gently moving his hand across my stomach, slowly, passionately; like he was taking in every possible sensation. He didn't just race through to the cock like most guys think (and like most guy porn). In fact, I was surprised when his hand moved up to my chest as he started caressing my nipple.

Still torn between the guilt and fear of a guy making me feel so good, I continued my sleeping act. He paused his caressing for a moment as I heard him take off his pants. He started touching me again where he left off but now added some slight moans as he stroked his own cock with his other hand. My body started to betray my mind despite me biting my lower lip. My cock began to swell against the fabric of my underwear and he must have felt my heart racing as his hand moved up and down my chest and stomach. This time as his hand moved down to the top of my underwear his pinkie brushed up against the tip of my now growing cock head. His hand lingered there some more before venturing lower than he had before, his fingertips gliding over the top of my underwear, across my bulge and back again.

I heard him whisper his pleasure in what he was feeling as he let out a loader moan. I found my legs now spreading more as he gave my bulge more attention, tracing my shaft and balls through the fabric of my underwear. My cock was now rock hard and my head popped out of my waistband. I can not describe the bolt of electricity that raced through my body when his fingers touched its bare head. I raised my hips to press my cock firmer against his touch. He read my body language and moved his hand up my stomach and back down, this time reaching underneath my underwear and taking my cock in his magical hand.

I let a moan of pleasure escape my mouth as I arched my head back in the pillow. All apprehension left my mind and body as I lost myself in the pleasure and pure lust of the moment. He leaned over and kissed my nipple as he slowly began stoking my cock. I lifted my hips and pulled down my underwear past my knees, sliding them off down one leg so I could spread my legs wide for him, completely surrendering any part of me he wanted. His hand moved from my shaft to cup my cum filled balls as his mouth and tongue made their way down my stomach. My next memory was the loud "oh, fuck yes" that came out of my mouth as his warm wet lips wrapped around my cock head. He worked just my cock head, gently up and down, kissing and licking it. 

I rotated on the bed and lifted my leg so he would know be kneeling between them. This also gave me the slightest of moments to gather myself and to try and delay me cumming. However, as he resettled in this new position and again returned his mouth to my cock, I knew trying to delay my orgasm was a lost cause. "Fuck. I am going to cum" is all I could blurt out. He took my cock out of his mouth without a second to spare and prevented me from cumming just yet. I didn't have to wait long before the next sensation he had in store for me sent waves of ecstasy up and down my spine.

Jason placed his cock against mine and started grinding his cock on me. As his rock hard, hot cock pressed against me I remember thinking this is what a girl must feel like when they are fucked and that I wanted to experience it as well. Both of our moans quicken and got louder. Jason moaned on how fucking good it felt and then I lost it. The weekend's worth of cum buildup and with no release mixed with the emotions and lust of the last 24 hours rushed over my body as told him I was cumming, resulting in what was the single most intense orgasm I ever experienced up to that point of my life. I raised my head because I wanted to make some type of connection with him while cumming, only to have the first shot of my load hit me in the cheek, followed by shot after shot landing on my chest, stomach, and waist. There was no way I could remain silent and as I cried out while my load of cum jetted out of my shaft in tribute to Jason's work. He quickly began answering my cries. His body froze as he released his load, cum arching from his cock head and hitting me in the eye, then trailing down the same path mine landed a few seconds earlier, until my body was covered in a bath of warm cum.

To my surprise, Jason didn't collapse. He caught his breath and began running his hands up and down my body, spreading our lust seed all over my body. He then moved me back on to the bed and I pulled him in on top of me, where for the first time he saw the cum on my face. I took the cum that I knew was his with my finger and rubbed it on my lips and then tongue. I was surprised at how good it tasted to me and scooped up some more. 

Now would be the time I would have expected the awkwardness of the whole situation to set in. Or, perhaps the guilt and regret, once our climaxes have subsided. Jason wiped the rest of the cum from my face as we starred at each other in a sort of disbelief/"holy crap"/what just happened state of mind. Our bodies were together with each other's sweat and cum forming a slick layer between us. Our pelvises immediately began grinding on one another as we both shared how hot that was. The beauty of age 18 was that you could often go more than once without ever losing an erection. 

I could feel his cock stiffening against mine and took in the amazing feeling of Jason fucking my cock. As good as that felt, I grabbed his ass and rotated him to his back and quickly slid my hand down to his cock. An inner slut came out of me and I knew that here and now was my chance to worship his dick. I kissed his chest, trailing my tongue over to his nipple where I paused to kiss, suck, and nipple it, giving his nipples even more than he had done to me earlier. The one thing I learned from my girlfriend at the time is that the things she did to me were how she would want them done to her. The lesson paid off as he squirmed and bucked in reaction to my touches from both my mouth and hand. As my tongue licked and kissed his body, I could taste the cum from earlier and it drove me wild. I moved lower toward my one and only thing I desired, his cock. 

Jason's cock was longer than mine (I would say a full 7") but thinner. As I held it in front of my face I paused for a second, not only to admire the look, feel, and smell of it, but to also buy a second or two to think. I had never sucked anything like this before, where do I start? Before too much self-doubt creped in I simply leaned in and began kissing the underneath of his head. Then up towards the tip. I began alternating wet slow kisses with more tongue. His moans of pleasure encouraged me to go farther. I wrapped my lips around his cock and worked my tongue around his head. I felt a pleasure that I didn't think was possible not being on the receiving end of a sexual act. Soon I felt Jason's hand on my head and heard him begging me to try and take more of him in. I slid his cock further down my throat until I began to gage. The saliva it caused quickly went to good use in lubing up the entire area. I knew I couldn't take him all the way down to his base so I stroked what my mouth failed to reach. I also cupped his balls and trailed my fingers behind them, one finger making its way to my target, his asshole.

I was now experiencing what I was wondering about less than 24 hours earlier, the feeling of giving a guy so much pleasure that his body reacts to your wishes, leaving him with no choice but to moan and react to your touches. Jason was basically surrendering his entire body for me to explore. I sucked, licked, and stroked him for a while longer before he arched his pelvis, forcing his cock further down my throat than before. I gaged and had to pull my mouth off his cock to catch my breath. He damn near screamed he was going to cum so I stroked his cock and held his dick right in front of my mouth. Before I had a chance to decide whether to take his cum in my mouth or not, his cock jerked and the first shot of another round of hot jizz came out of his cock and began covering my face and chin. I licked some off my lips and milked his cock some more. The taste of his cum in my mouth heightened my lust frenzy, and I returned my mouth to his sperm glistening cock to lick it clean.

The smuttiness I felt was such a turn on my cock was ready to explode at the simplest touch. Jason pulled me up closer to him and his hand reached for my aching cock. With just a few strokes I once again began pumping my cum between us, covering both our bodies with my seed. We lay next to each other a little longer before the slide off the bed and back to the floor. I dozed off to sleep in the most relaxed state and hoping to wake early enough have another round with Jason in the morning. Unfortunately it was not meant to be. Other buddies of ours woke up early and we never got a chance to hook up again.