 The following story is a fictional account. The characters are entirely unreal and so are their situations. Thus no direct attention was paid to probability or safety for the characters. Such practices should not transfer over to real life situations. Practice safe, sane and consensual sex. For your own damn good. If you have problems or issues with queer pornographic materials, please stop reading now. If you find, on the other hand, that you are quit the purveyor of perversion and that this particular story seems to get your rocks off, please feel free to contact the author, Kenji De Sade via e-mail through the link below. Thank you. 

Five

Before the last few days Jeremiah had never even thought of it. This newly overwhelming want he was developing seemed entirely inconceivable. He could feel his loins tightening at the thoughts he was having, his muscles quivering in anticipation. His prostate and cock were both abuzz with sensitivity. As his stomach let out a slow and low rumble, his body shivered ever so slightly and his excitement gained intensity to match. It was like waiting to open up the biggest present under the tree on Christmas morning, waiting to take the first bite out of a cheesecake you just made fresh, or more aptly, the car ride home after you've spent a night flirting and hinting at the sex you know you're about to have. It was the absolute knowledge that when his bowels, in only a few moments, finally allowed his waste to move out of his unhindered rectum and into his thick wet diaper it would bring him completely over the edge.

This concept was not entirely lost on Jeremiah. He'd had his fare share of darkly depraved fantasies, many containing bits and pieces of his most recent tribulations, which was in it self constantly haunting Jeremiah. Rather it was the fact that these feelings were so alien to him, so obviously manufactured, that settled him with such deep unease. As though someone had gone inside his mind and simply told it to react in a new way. The image briefly came to him that his brain was a computer and the rubber clad man was a hacker whom had simply found a way to log on and re-code its software. The idea of being so readily changed plainly felt wrong. Jeremiah knew this couldn't be possible. There was no way someone could just implant new emotions and reactions into people. He wasn't sure if the reasons they couldn't were scientific or spiritual, in fact he couldn't actually think of any reasons, he just knew people shouldn't be able to do this to other people. Regardless, as he moaned loudly, vocalizing the pain of the cramping he'd been feeling in his guts, he felt the hollow steel plug, holding his hole wide open, shift within his anal passage rubbing his prostate as his shit began to make it's way through and his excitement built.

Standing on all fours, paused in wait, Jeremiah found himself staring at his bound form in the new large mirror which was now the only object in the room. He did not necessarily want to look at himself at this moment. In fact seeing him self there as he was, diapered, restrained, gagged and looking so frightened was one of the last things he wanted to witness. The sight of his situation only reminded him of its futility and permanence, making his inability to escape more solid in his mind. Yet his natural curiosity kept him from being able to look away. Jeremiah could not help starring at his body as it gave in to the feelings being forced upon it. He watched the sweat form along his skin as his pulse rose and his intestines undulated beneath. He waited staring into his own eyes in anticipation of witnessing the event about to come. Despite how much debasement he felt at his own loss of control, he wanted to watch himself as his body convulsed and became empty. He wondered for a brief moment if this desire wasn't also a manifestation of someone else's will rather then his own, before his thoughts were blown the way of the wind by the sudden rise in force of his internal convulsions.

The feeling of his own feces pushing their way through his system and out of his unblocked sphincter was accentuated, even magnified, as he felt the strangest orgasm he had ever had in his life build in time with the bowel movement. The odd feeling of his seminal fluids as they pushed through his already filled urethra, nearly mimicking the feelings he felt at his ass as his shit filled the diaper, was an entirely new sensation for Jeremiah. The hindrance within his own cock seemed to dampen the fog his mind would normally be in during an orgasm, as though it's yield to his seminal fluids was somehow related to his ability to truly release and let go. The smooth warm feelings of pleasure were painting themselves along his skin, growing from his groin out to all of his limbs as usual, though his mind was unusually clear and aware of the rest of his body as he came. The spasms that were coursing through his abdomen, causing his body to sway back and fourth on his fists and knees, working his dung out of his body and into the thick, warm and wet fabric of his diaper were also pushing his orgasm to it's head. They came one right after the other, over and over again. Pulsing and writhing every muscle Jeremiah had in his body as they did. Behind the rush of blood within his ears and the pounding pulse within his head Jeremiah could hear the muffled moans of pleasure echoing through the nearly bare room as he watched his bound and diapered body practically hump the air.

Jeremiahs vision was gray around the edges, he was gasping and moaning around the cock shaped gag buried tightly between his lips. His body was covered in sweat as he knelt there, his legs held wide open by both the diaper as well as the rubber restraining device strapped over it. His cock lie entirely untouched behind its steel prison, throbbing and pulsing over the tube inserted deep within its flesh, as cum drooled out of its head around the tube. His diaper was filling with shit, spreading out slowly from the center of his asshole, up and down his crack, filling in his taint and any other open space it could meld itself into and mixing with the recently spent ejaculate. His arms felt weak as all his weight was supported on them during the convulsive expulsion. With beads of sweat dripping from his nose, he looked up and witnessed him self and this moment in the mirror in front of him and he lost himself in the haze of the aftermath. His arms lost their fight against gravity and he fell more then gently lied, onto his side, legs splayed open by his warm shit filled diaper and the rubber device over it. He watched himself gasping for breath inches from the mirror, still suffering tiny convulsions from moment to moment and absolutely blissful.

His thoughts swam on the ocean of mixed emotions floating through his head. He even managed a slight giggle past his phallus filled lips when he realized he was swimming in his diaper just as much as he was in his mind. As he lazily rolled onto his side he felt the warm mass within his diaper move with him, mashing and molding it self within the wet cotton confines. The warmth seemed incredibly soothing to Jeremiah, wrapped around his crotch, warming the steel of the cup guarding his throbbing cock and testicles, in turn warming their flesh.

Jeremiah felt dirty and very comfortable in being so. He assumed all of this was imposed emotion. That he was, at some point during one of the many black outs, told that he was supposed to feel this way. However, in this heightened state of mind, he found that he could finally accept something he didn't even know he'd been denying. Something he'd fought against from the very beginning, more then he'd fought against the chains that had held him down while he was raped. More then he'd fought against allowing himself to cum during the rape. He had been fighting the knowledge that he was enjoying every moment of it. Behind the fear and the anxiety, he was always on the edge of bliss. None of what had happened to him, extraordinarily twisted and insane as it seemed to him, had ever been anything he'd ever truly imagined doing. At most he'd probably only ever passively had a passion for any of it. The diapers were one of those bizarre fascinations he had that he never really understood; actually using them had remained a lightly traveled road, though he had a few times. Bondage was a fun game he'd played with a lover or two but never anything serious, never anything with a purpose. In fact he'd always been so terrified to get too deeply involved in his own sexuality to reach the depths of depravity he'd recently been subjected to. In a way, his new found captivity was ultimately freeing. He was now not only able to explore and discover deeply primal sexuality, he absolutely had to, and the choice to hide behind his own fear had been taken away.

He lie there, subconsciously sucking the cock shaped gag between his lips and starring at himself in the large mirror. He could not help but laugh around the gag in his mouth. He had no choice of anything any longer. He ate when he was forced to eat, he crapped when his own body forced him to crap and now he even came whenever his own body felt it was necessary. He couldn't imagine how these changes were possible. He looked into his own eyes, watching their reflection intently. Though he found it annoyingly difficult to actually look into both eyes at once, his post orgasmic haze left him giddy enough that the annoyance was of minor consideration. Instead Jeremiah let himself fall deeper and deeper into his own gaze.

Jeremiah figured if the eyes were windows to the soul maybe he'd see something there within himself that would explain why he was in this predicament. Why he had so easily been taken advantage of by some incredibly demented man. Instead he saw a glint which struck him, somehow, as being strangely peculiar. He analyzed the glint, unable at first to recognize what seemed so odd about it. His initial summation was that it was a reflection of a reflection. Something his eye was reflecting from the mirror. However it had a certain metallic mat texture to it that didn't match anything between Jeremiah and the mirror. When Jeremiah shifted himself to get a better look at the irregularity he came to find that it had disappeared from his corneas reflection, thus solidifying the idea that whatever it was it wasn't fixed in front of the mirror.

By the time Jeremiah was able to find the object behind the mirror once again he had moved himself up against it's smooth surface. At first he had tried floating his head around and starring into his eyes reflection to find the anomaly. When that proved that it would take more patience then Jeremiah had he thought to move closer. He maneuvered himself onto his padded knees, feeling the mess inside of his bulky diaper mush and move as he did. Finally he put his rubber padded fists at the edges of his eyes and strained to see behind the reflective surface. Sure enough he was able to make out glinting edges of three round poles tented together behind the glassy surface leading up to a barely visible yet completely recognizable video camera. Jeremiah couldn't be entirely sure but he thought he could see a cable leading away from the back of the camera, which if he was seeing correctly, probably meant, he was being broadcast somewhere. He found it strangely comforting to know someone was watching. Creepy and invasive, yet still nice to know that if he had some sort of accident someone somewhere would know. 

It dawned on Jeremiah suddenly that the mirror was flush against the wall between the main room of his apartment and his bedroom. More aptly, the mirror was flush against the wall, thus the camera was inside of the wall of his rented apartment. He was sure modification to the structure like this weren't included in his lease agreement. As the revelation hit Jeremiah that his landlord would be furious if he happened by and noticed the installation, it also hit him that he was tied down on all fours in a strange rubber contraption and a rather large wet and messy diaper with a cock strapped in his mouth in a nearly empty apartment all alone. Jeremiah wasn't sure if he'd be overjoyed with excitement that perhaps someone could get him out of this situation, or terrified that he'd be caught in such a state and scare off his only chance of salvation. He was however sure that he had a renewed sense of hope that if this whole thing went on for too long, surely his landlord would come by and discover him when the rent came due. Unfortunately, that probably wouldn't be for a few days. In the just as much time Jeremiah had lost any semblance of the life he'd known, he knew it was only so long before the apartment went too, he just hopped his captor would hold out long enough for him to be saved. 

While Jeremiah kneeled in front of the mirror contemplating various other freedoms that could be taken from him at any moment, he was subconsciously, and ever so slightly, grinding his hips forward and back. The small manipulation was causing the chastity device strapped onto his nether regions, beneath his still warm and filthy diaper, to jostle the plug deep in his ass massaging his prostate. The mess of his diaper was allowing the cloth surface to slide gently over his flesh smearing the contents about. Jeremiah was so lost in his new found anxieties that he barely even realized it was happening. He didn't even notice that he was growing more aroused despite the recent ejaculation nor did he realize that as his arousal grew his sucking on the cock shaped gag in his mouth was also growing in fervor. By the time his cock began sending signals to his brain, trying to snap him from his fears, that it was painfully growing once again within its confines, Jeremiah was grunting pleasures past his gag and sucking furiously on the phallus. The pleasures emanating from his prostate were quickly taking priority over any thoughts of being watched or put through any more torments. Jeremiah was so lost in the emotional transition overtaking his body that he didn't even have enough conscious clarity to question his sudden arousal. Instead he watched himself pressed so closely to the mirror moving his waist about to gain greater pleasures. He didn't even notice his own moans were growing in volume.

The only thoughts now running through Jeremiahs mind were about pleasure and getting more of it, specifically by rubbing the object in his ass about his prostate more thoroughly and feeling his filthy mess move about as it did so. He backed away from the mirror as quickly as his wide spread thighs would let him in order to both maneuver himself into a better position as well as to watch himself enjoying his predicament. The idea of being watched had gone from a frightening comfort to a tantalizing inspiration, this as well as watching himself seemed to be heightening the pleasures he was feeling. For a slight fleeting moment of consciousness Jeremiah realized how strange it was that he'd gone from paranoia to apathetic bliss so quickly, however the moment he felt the plug in his ass hit his prostate again this thought flew the way of the wind. All Jeremiah wanted was to feel the plug in his ass as it moved about stirring up his mess and to suck on the object in his mouth. He watched his body move onto all fours in front of the mirror. He bucked his hips slowly up and down, back and forth even from side to side. He turned himself so he could watch his bodies profile as he contorted his muscles to and sucked the cock in his mouth. In this moment he became entirely engulfed by the new hunger eating away at him. 

Though the emotions were entirely animalistic, Jeremiahs physical indulgence was anything but. His movements were controlled, slow, skilled and patient. The methodical bucking movements of his thickly diaper encased pelvis were designed to prolong the teasing pressures of the thick hollow tube in his bowels. The shape of the plug, as Jeremiah had noticed before it was locked into place, was serving it's purpose in spades. As his hips moved forward and back Jeremiah could feel the rise and fall of the lumped steel as it traversed the surface of his prostate. While the devices attached state did not allow for the thrusting and pounding motions Jeremiah's hungry mind was wanting, what it did allow was a nice tease that helped every movement bring Jeremiah closer and closer to the nirvana he'd just experienced. He was entirely lost in the pleasure it was causing. His eyes were glazed over and drool was mindlessly dripping like strands of precum from behind his gag. His mind paid no attention to the debasing image before the mirror any longer. It paid even less attention to the muscle aches and discomfort of it's bodies constant bondage. The only thing Jeremiah cared about at all was feeling the object in his rectum and sucking the cock in his mouth. If his mind were free to be distracted by his own thoughts, Jeremiah would probably find himself in shock at his own addict like behavior. Luckily for his conscious mind however, it remained entirely oblivious.

Time was lost to Jeremiah during this masturbatory practice. He was entirely clueless how long he'd been in front of the mirror, in front of the camera, pleasuring himself uncontrollably. As his own mind eventually and slowly broke it's way through the automatically driven lust act so too did the many aches and pains Jeremiah had been working his muscles into. While he barely remembered starting the sexual frenzy he could tell from the ache in his thighs and arms that he'd been here on all fours humping mindlessly like a sex addict for a long while. More so, however, then these pains or the ones in his ass and strained cock or the rather substantial puddle of drool before him, the sudden apparition of his laptop open before him told him he'd truly been lost in lust for a good while. Long enough for his captor to enter the room and leave a surprise and deep enough that Jeremiah had never even noticed.

The horny hunger hadn't actually gone away either. Despite the protests on behalf of his aching limbs and orifices Jeremiah found himself unable to halt his still rocking body. The feelings of pleasure were still warmly crawling their way up from Jeremiah's bowels out into waves over his body. His tongue still caressed what it could of the tightly embedded cock between his lips while the rest of his mouth sucked away. He just stood there on all fours, now entirely aware of his body and his uncontrollable actions, just staring at this newly positioned laptop. He thought for a moment that maybe he could use the laptop to find a way out of his situation, though he cold not find a way to will himself to move toward the laptop. The only movements Jeremiah's body seemed capable of making at the moment were humping his diaper in mid air and sucking the gag in his mouth. In fact now that he'd noticed the laptop, he found he couldn't even tears his eyes away from it's now blank screen, not even to watch his helpless torment in the mirror. His legs were crying out for him to stop, his arms were tired from holding his weight, his sphincter was aching and his jaw was sore and there wasn't a thing he could do about any of it. He let out a whiny whimpering sound as he felt heat spread amongst the load of shit and cum within his diaper, piss uncontrollably draining from his bladder to further feel the cloth confines around his waist.

Suddenly, as he watched and fucked himself beneath the confines of his massive and dirty diaper, the screen of the laptop came to life in a flash of light. Jeremiah realized quickly that it wasn't the screen itself lighting up, in fact it had been on the entire time, it was a light in a room being broadcast to the computer that had suddenly come on. It was a room Jeremiah knew all to well. It was the filthy dank concrete room he'd woken up in twice recently. The room he'd been the most horrifically violated in. Upon seeing it come into view he felt a wave of fear overcome him, halted only by the realisation that this time he was not the man in the room. This time the man in the room was someone else. A well built and mostly hairy body lay on it's back tied down to a table. His head was covered by the same rubber hood Jeremiah had previously experienced. The long hoses which Jeremiah knew from experience stretched the wearers nostrils out and made sure a healthy supply of air flow was possible, were lying over the mans chest un hindered allowing clean fresh air to the lungs beneath. The body's arms were stretched out to either side of it tied tightly by chains to posts off to the sides of the table. His legs were stretched up over his hidden face, lifting the back end of his ass off of the table and exposing his nether regions, and just like Jeremiah, these regions were encased by a steel chastity belt. It was almost entirely identical to Jeremiahs own with slight differences to the fully visible steel cup and anal plug.
