 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*

FIRST TIME

I had just graduated from college and decided to take some time for myself before beginning work. My aunt and uncle lived in North Carolina and had a vacation home on Cape Hatteras. I had a standing invitation to visit and I that year I took them up on it. I had not seen them in two years and when I saw their son Darin I was stunned. He was drop dead gorgeous with a golden tan, blonde hair and light blue eyes. At first, I thought he was handsome but the more I studied him he was beautiful. I suspected that he might be gay but I didn't know for sure.

A day after arriving at the home of my aunt and uncle, their 21-year-old son Darin and I headed for their summer home on Cape Hatteras. They would be out on the weekend but we would have five days to ourselves first. Once we arrived and unpacked, I took a leisurely shower and as I soaped my 6'2" 180-pound frame I thought about scoring with some New England girls that week. I was pleased with my fitness at age 21 and I worked hard to stay in shape particularly at college. While washing my pubes I couldn't help but stroke my cock thinking about who might experience my nearly eight inches that week. I loved my cock as it was above average but not so big that it intimidated any of the girls. 

Darin and I had a few beers, a light dinner and watched some TV. The next day we planned to take the boat out and hit the beach as well. I was already looking forward to scoping out some bikini clad bodies. The Cape Hatteras home was modest with two bedrooms, two bathrooms, kitchen, great room and screened in porch. Darin and I would be sharing the one bedroom with two beds in it. We both slept in our Calvin Klein knit underwear. It was difficult not to notice my package and Darin did not ignore it. I was on my back in bed when Darin came over and sat on the edge. He ran his hands over my pecs and abs.

"You are really in great shape."

"Thanks, I try to stay fit."

We were a contrast in a number of ways as Darin looked a bit effeminate with blonde hair that covered his ears and neck. He was about 5'6" and probably didn't weigh more than 140 pounds. His body was virtually hairless with smooth flawless skin. He was tan from his time on the Cape. He continued to run his hands over my body and it made me nervous.

"Darin, I don't think you should be touching me like that."

"Relax, let me make you feel good."

He leaned over and kissed my pecs and nipples. I was embarrassed when I felt my cock twitch. I was getting a boner. Next, he kissed his way down my chest to my abs. He stroked the washboard muscles and dipped his tongue in my naval. My cock was rock hard now and I was really nervous. I was his guest but things were getting out of hand. The next thing he did was to mouth my stiff dick through the knit underwear.

"Darin, please stop, I have never done anything with a guy." 

"No one has to know and no one will know unless you tell them. We can be discreet. I have always thought that you were hot. I wished your cock was sliding into my hole rather than some girl's and I would jerk off thinking about it."

"I have to tell you Darin before we go any further that I am not into cock. I will not reciprocate in any way."

"I know that you're not gay but I am. You don't have to do anything. Just let me enjoy your marvelous cock." 

He then pulled my shorts down and my rigid cock sprung loose. He slipped off his shorts and I saw that he was hard. His cock looked to be average around six inches. Darin got in bed, lay beside me and reached down and cupped my bloated balls. As he massaged my balls I felt like my entire body was on fire. His hand moved up and began to stroke me and I could feel the pre-cum he had created spread itself down my shaft. His finger grazed my pee-slit and the contact made me shudder. His one hand cupped my balls as his other seized my shaft and began to slide up and down stroking and squeezing it.

He re-positioned himself on the bed and then I felt his tongue begin to lap at my throbbing rod. His arms reached behind my legs and pulled me towards him while his tongue slid down to my rigid cock tasting me and sucking me. He took my balls in his mouth and pulled at them with his lips as my dick stiffened with my lustful pleasure. He sucked both balls into his mouth and his tongue danced across them in his warm mouth. I let out a low moan as his hands reached around under me to massage and squeeze my ass cheeks with his delicate hands. I felt that I could cum at any moment. 

"Darin I'm so close."

"Trent you are going to cum in my mouth I want to taste you."

He then seized my dick and engulfed me in his mouth. My swollen cock collided with the roof of his mouth as he swirled his tongue around it. He sucked me hard causing me to arch my hips and then his head bobbed up and down my shaft. I felt the familiar signs of an incredible release building within me. His lips were twisting around the shaft of my cock and he slid his mouth to the base of my cock then back to the mushroom head again. All of a sudden, he stopped and used his tongue to stroke the underside of my cock head driving me crazy.

I was beside myself as I needed to cum. Darin had me exactly where he wanted me and then he suddenly cupped my balls as his lips surrounded my cock and he sucked me toward him. I felt my ejaculation building inside of me and I exploded into his mouth. I groaned in immense pleasure as streams of hot cum landed against the roof of his mouth and the back of his throat. I felt his throat muscles contract as he drank it down and searched for more. I came as much as I ever had in my life even with any girl. Darin's mouth never left me as he continued to suck on my cock. Finally, I couldn't cum anymore and I collapsed down into the bed as my body tingled from head to toe.

As I lay there I was lost for words as I still felt the overwhelming pleasure of male sex. I watched as Darin lay next to me and stroked his impressive cock. I saw him stiffen and then I watched in amazement as ropes and ropes of cum shot out of his cock and covered his body from his neck to his abs. I never knew that anyone could cum that much. I got turned on just watching him shoot his load and my dick was still hard. My state did not escape him and he spoke to me. 

"That wasn't so bad, was it?"

"No it wasn't. You give great head but you caught me at a weak moment," I said somewhat embarrassed over what happened.

"You came pretty quickly. I bet you needed that."

"I had been thinking about scoring chicks, so I was in the mood for sex." 

"Trent, I would love for you to fuck me. Would you like to fuck me? I want to feel your cock in my ass. I want you to fuck me."

"Yes, I guess so, if you want? I'll fuck you."

Darin rolled over on all fours and handed me a tube of lubricant. "Take your time and prepare me for your cock and then fuck me in the ass like you would fuck any girl in her ass."

I knelt behind and I begin to caress his beautiful ass, his body was delicate, hairless and flawless. I couldn't believe how much he looked like a girl from behind with his shapely curvy ass in the air. I put an ample amount of lube in my hands and rubbed it all around his anus. Then I inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing him for my cock.

I was no stranger to preparing an ass for my cock but this was the first time I was preparing a man's bottom. However, as I sawed my fingers in and out of his anus, I was getting turned on by the thought of burying my cock in his shapely ass. I moved closer to him and lined up the head of my cock with his anal opening and began to ease it into to him. My cock head cleared his sphincter and it slid right in without resistance. His ass chute was warm and tight as I went deep into him. I was all the way in his ass and I started a slow fucking motion. I continued to pump his ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as I caressed his smooth round buttocks. 

Darin asked me to fuck him harder and quicker. So, I picked up the pace and I started pounding his ass faster and faster. My balls started bouncing off of his taint and he was moaning with each thrust of my cock. I loved the sound of our bodies coming together and watching his lovely ass cheeks jiggle. I could feel my climax building and I knew that any moment I would shoot my seed in his ass. I tried to make it last as long as possible.

I fired a barrage of cum in his ass filling it to overflowing. As I continued to fuck him, my seed backed up in his rectum and began to ooze out flowing over his balls. He used his sphincter to perfection milking my cock and draining it of all my seed. I didn't think that I would ever be soft again as I remained hard in his tight sheath. His milking action weakened me and I collapsed over his body. He flattened out on the bed with me on top and my cock still in his ass. I rolled off of him and my hard cock slipped from his ass. He rolled to his back and spread his legs lifting his knees to his chest.

"Fuck me again. Fuck me like a girl this time."

I moved between his legs much like I would with a girl and lined up my still erect cock with his entrance. He was also as hard as a rock and his beautiful young cock pointed toward his head. I pressed slightly forward and my cock moved into his hot ass. His ass actually pulled me inside and my cock went all the way in him and my balls rested on his ass. I didn't think that I could cum again so soon but I liked fucking him anyway.

"God, that feels so good, fuck me."

His ass was in the air and my cock was fully embedded in it. I pulled back a little and pushed forward. He groaned as I began to slowly fuck him. Each time I would start taking longer strokes. My cock head was soon at the edge of his anus before I pushed it back into him. Our fucking was making a sucking sound. Each time my balls slammed against his ass, my body and his ass made a wet slapping sound. 

I was so fucking hot that I crammed my cock fully into him. He held my cock and he massaged it with his sphincter; I knew he was not going to last very long. Darin humped up against me fucking me back as I fucked him. The room smelled of sex and sweat. For some reason, I subconsciously reached down to stroke his cock but he grabbed my wrist.

"No, I want to cum just from you fucking me. Just keep fucking me."

I took slow long strokes in and out of his ass as he pushed up into me more and more. Soon he took control and just fucked my cock. I let him fuck me with his ass. His actions began more erratic and his thrusts shorter and more powerful. He was grunting as my cock slid in and out of his hot ass. Soon my cock was barely staying in his ass. He slowed down and let my cock just press against his prostate. He announced that he was cumming and he pulled me down to him and hugged me. I felt his cum shoot between our bodies coating our chests and our abs and then oozing out around our pubes. This set me off and I began to pound my cock in and out of his hole. I slammed my cock into his loose wet hole and I felt my balls tighten. I pressed deep into him and my seed filled his ass.

"Yes cum in my ass again. Oh. I feel it I feel your hot spunk."

I pulled, pushed and cum spurted into him making his hole wetter and warmer as my cock easily slid in. I continued fucking him until my legs were weak and my seed had stopped flowing. My cock slipped from his ass and I flopped down on the bed. Darin stroked my exhausted body. It was the first time that I had ever felt cum other than my own on my body.

"That is so cool that you came three times. Especially for your first time with a guy. Did you like fucking my ass?"

"I liked fucking you. I like your ass."

"This is just the start of a great week."

He moved over to his bed and we both stayed naked, not bothering to put our underwear back on. The semen dried on our bodies as we fell into a deep sleep. I woke up on Tuesday morning before Darin and I headed for the shower. I was lathering myself with soap when he entered the shower. 

"Let's wash each other."

We soaped each other up with Darin focusing on my cock and me on his ass. I enjoyed fingering his anus as he stroked my soapy cock. 

"I love your beautiful cock Trent."

"And I like your hot ass."

"We can't' fuck in the shower, we'll use up the hot water."

We went back to the bedroom and he sat on my bed. I walked over to him and he reached up with his hands resting on my thighs he caressed my muscles causing my cock to bob about in front of him. He slid one hand across my belly wrapping his soft fingers around my shaft and pressed my cock up against my belly. Then, at last, I felt his mouth on my cock. He caressed me with his tongue, moving from deep underneath my balls to the very tip of my cock in one lingering sweep. We both moaned as his tongue swirled around my swollen cock head, his hands caressing my shaft and balls. His fingers probed between my legs.

I moved as he looked up at me, easing my legs apart as he cradled my balls in one hand, my cock in the other. His fingers reached down to rub the hard-taut skin between my balls and my ass. I moaned as I felt the hunger in his movements and I watched his tongue move across my cock. The air cooled the wet spots he left behind on my pubes. With a moan, Darin let my cock fall away from my body so that it was swaying in front of me again. It stood straight out from my body. He glanced up at me and then back at my cock before taking me deep into his mouth.

My legs felt like jelly as I felt his hot wet mouth around my cock. He sucked me hard and drew me in deep. His tongue lashed across my cock head and I felt his teeth gently slide down my shaft. My cock jerked in his mouth as he sucked hard. My cock bulged in his mouth as I thrust forward and began to fuck his mouth. I reached for his head, feeling his silky blonde hair as I plunged my cock into his mouth. His sucking matched my thrusts.

I knew that I couldn't last much longer and he sensed it as well, however we made no attempt to slow down. He needed my release almost as much as I did. I drove my cock into his wet and willing mouth, feeling his experienced tongue on me as I moved. Cum exploded from me without warning, pumping deep into his mouth. He grabbed me, his hands sliding from my hips around to my ass as he pulled me tighter to him, taking my pumping cock deep into his mouth as he sucked the cum from me.

I stumbled backward as my legs were weak from my release and my cock slipped from his mouth. I smiled at him seated on the bed between my legs. He reached out to stroke my cock and to run his hand over my chest and belly as I closed my eyes. I savored his touch for a few minutes as I caught my breath.

I then watched as Darin reached for the lube. I watched while he smeared some lube over my shaft, moaning as his hands moved across my cock and balls. Within minutes he had me hard again. He knelt on the bed on all fours and looked at me over his shoulder.

"Fuck me."

I moved quickly, moving behind him, by cock bobbing and swaying in front of me. I knelt up, towering over him with my cock reaching out to him. Seconds later, my cock was buried inside him as I thrust expertly into his waiting body. I heard him cry out as I drove my cock deep inside him. I could feel the heat in his ass around my shaft.

"Fuck me, oh yes, fuck me."

So I did, I fucked him hard, driving into his body as deep as I could, my balls slapped against him as he reached under himself for his own cock. I fucked him long and hard and deep. His body clung to my cock and sent powerful waves of pleasure through us as we moved together. I drove into him and he pushed back to meet my thrusts.

When I came again it was like a dam bursting. Our moans and groans filled the room as cum gushed into his body. I flooded his rectum and felt the warmth of my seed surround my shaft. As soon as the torrent of cum had subsided, both of us then lay down on the bed. Darin nuzzled into to me and pushed his shapely ass back into my groin. We stayed in the spoon position for a while without speaking. Then my cock started to harden yet again. I was really hot and lustful. I guided my cock back into his ass and this time he wanted me to masturbate him. I gave him a reach around and jerked him off as I fucked him.

Darin came twice with my cock in his ass. It was the first time that I had ever touched his or any guy's cock and he was thrilled that I did. It was odd feeling his cum travel through his cock and spew out the end. My hand still had traces of cum on it but he lifted my hand to his mouth and licked it clean. It was time for another shower. 

After the second shower, we decided to get dressed and go out for breakfast to the espresso shop. Darin and I had a light breakfast and a couple of cappuccinos as we spent the morning together. I wasn't even thinking about the beach or scoping out chicks. My balls were empty and I had had fantastic morning sex. Later that day we took the boat out and Darin showed me the high points of the cape.

TUESDAY EVENING

Back at the house it didn't take Darin long to go to work on me again. We were both naked with my cock back in his mouth. He took my cock out of his mouth and looked up at me as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged my bloated balls. At that time, I felt longer than my 7+ inches and bigger around. He put it back in his mouth and then took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged my balls. He tickled my cock head with his tongue and teased my pee slit. He was bringing me up and down and I was close to cumming few times. He always seemed to know when I was getting close, and he would do things making me last longer, torturing me in the process. Darin looked up at me smiling and stroking my slick cock. 

"Ready to cum Trent"?

I just nodded with my eyes closed. Darin then took my cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of my shaft, nibbled on my cock head and sucked me hard. Darin reached under my balls and rubbed the hardness between my balls and anus. I could feel my cock thickening and I knew I was going to cum. Darin grabbed my ass cheeks with both hands as I exploded in his mouth. I fired round after round of cum into his mouth and Darin sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. The force of shooting my load was so intense that it almost hurt. I lost track of time for a while and just held onto his head as he milked my cock for every drop.

My legs were weak and I had to sit down. I sat on the edge of the bed and Darin knelt down between my knees keeping my cock in his mouth. He massaged my balls as he continued to suck my cock clean until it shrank and left his mouth. He continued to lick and kiss my cock sending chills and shivers through my body.

"Once again, that was incredible."

"So you like."

"What's not to like? You are very accomplished."

Darin lay back on the bed and stroked his cock as I went into the bathroom. I took a much-needed piss and then washed up before returning to the bedroom. He was stroking his dock with his eyes closed. I kept watching until he ejaculated and coated his belly with the syrupy liquid. 

"Let's get a drink and watch some TV. I'll put out some snacks too."

"That's great, I'm not really that hungry."

When we went to bed that night, Darin stayed in the same bed with me and lay curled up against me with his ass pressing into my body. I had draped an arm around him and we cuddled as if a couple. Sometime during the night, I awoke with an erection and I eased it into his receptive ass. We fucked lying on our sides with a slow gentle rhythm until I unleashed a tiny load in his ass. We fell back asleep with my cock still sheathed in his bottom.
