 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome. 

Kyle Parker vs. Aaron Hunter

Dedicated to cannd

Revelation!

*****

Aaron woke up to the delicious smell of coffee and instantly sat up.

"Wow, wow, easy baby." He heard Kyle's chuckle before he turned to see him sitting on the edge of the bed, dressed in sweatpants and a t-shirt, with a tray filled with breakfast on his lap. 

Aaron's eyes widened as he stared at the content of the tray. There was coffee, juice, latte, cereal, toast, syrup-drenched pancakes, bacon, sausages, Spanish omelet, butter and a jar of Nutella. 

"Wow. Isn't that rather too much?" Aaron muttered, looking up at Kyle who looked like he'd already taken a shower. His hair was still wet.

"I didn't know what you'd prefer so..." Kyle shrugged.

"It's your birthday, dude. I should be giving you this treat not the other way round." Aaron smiled, touched by the gesture.

"My cook does it for me every year...if I'm home. This time, I just asked her to make it for two. Come on, let's eat." Kyle said, placing the tray between them.

Aaron chuckled softly and jumped out of bed, naked. "Be right back." He said, flipping Kyle a bird when he whistled. 

Aaron disappeared into the bathroom, laughing. When he came back to the room, Kyle was drinking coffee and staring at the wide LED TV on the wall, opposite the bed. It was on the news channel. Aaron made a beeline for his backpack to get something to wear, ignoring Kyle's "Do you have to?" comment.

"Pervert." Aaron threw over his shoulder.

"Killjoy. Look to the left side of the closet and get something to wear." Kyle said.

"Thank you very much." Aaron replied sarcastically and did just that.

After pulling on a gray t-shirt and sweatpants, which looked big on him, Aaron walked to Kyle, took the cup of coffee from his hand, placed it on the tray and leaned in to give him a spine-melting kiss.

"Happy birthday." Aaron murmured against Kyle's lips.

"Thanks." Kyle replied huskily, tightening his hold around Aaron's waist when he made to pull away.

"Now be a good boy Kyle, and release the nice man." Aaron spoke softly and slowly as though he were talking to a child. "It's your birthday. If you want your present, you have to be a good boy." Aaron's placating talk turned into laughter when Kyle growled. 

"Fuck you, Hunter." Kyle muttered and stole another kiss before allowing Aaron to pull out of his arms.

After breakfast, they cuddled on the bed as they watched news on TV. Before long, they were kissing each other and Kyle was moving to cover Aaron's body with his.

"Fuck, I want you." Kyle husked, grinding his hard cock against Aaron's.

"I thought I told you to be a good boy." Aaron's breath was harsh with arousal.

"I thought I was." Kyle groaned, as he reached down to release Aaron's hard leaking cock. "I can't get enough of you, baby."

To Kyle's surprise, Aaron rolled him onto his back and attacked his pants. Pulling it down, he took hold of Kyle's pulsing erection and slapped it against his own cheek.

"Ever thought of becoming a professional porn actor?" Aaron purred. "You've got the goods for it. You could give Jeff Stryker a run for his money."

Kyle laughed shakily. "I did try once but fell in love with my co-star." Kyle didn't miss the stiffening of Aaron's body against his but he didn't comment on it. He gasped when Aaron drew the head of his cock into his hot mouth and sucked hard. "Fuuuuuck!"

Aaron didn't waste any time. He opened his mouth wider to let Kyle in, playing his tongue around the head, teasing that sensitive ring under the fat head. Kyle moaned as sensations slammed into him with every lick. When Aaron made a tight seal around that ring of sensitive flesh with his lips and started to suck hard, Kyle couldn't stop the ecstatic cry that tore out of his throat. Aaron started rolling Kyle's balls with his fingers, sucking harder every time he heard Kyle moan. Aaron's own cock was heavy between his thighs, aching with need as Kyle groaned lustily above him. But he tried his best to ignore it, his main goal being to get the birthday boy off. He licked and sucked, pressing his tongue into the slit at the tip of Kyle's prick.

"Oh fuck, Aaron." Kyle gasped breathlessly, his hands dropping to Aaron's head to stroke his hair.

He let his head fall back as his hips moved with Aaron's mouth, just letting the sensations drive him. When Aaron took one of Kyle's balls into his mouth and sucked gently, Kyle almost jumped off the bed.

"Fuck. Like that..." Kyle breathed and arched up. 

Aaron licked at Kyle's sac till he was sure Kyle's domestic helps could hear his cries wherever they were inside the house, then he moved back to his cock. Taking in as much of Kyle's cock as he could, he swirled his tongue around it, sucked it and swirled his tongue some more, rolling those huge balls in his palm the whole time. Kyle was going out of his mind, thrusting up and moaning loudly. 

"Goddamn, your mouth...so fucking hot." Kyle gasped. "Oh God, Aaron, suck me."

Aaron bobbed his head faster, getting Kyle's cock very wet, then relaxing his throat muscles, he dropped straight down, taking Kyle as deep into his mouth as he could. Then he sucked him hard. As he moved his mouth up he followed with his hand, never leaving any part of Kyle's cock untouched. Those hard sucks turned into swallows as Aaron took Kyle in deep till he felt the thick cock sliding back to hit his throat. Kyle's entire length disappeared down Aaron's throat. 

"Holy fuck!" Kyle bellowed as his lashes drifted closed and his body tightened in ecstasy. "Damn baby, that's world class." Kyle husked. Aaron had never taken him in as deep as he had right then.

Even as Aaron's eyes watered due to the thick prick lodged inside his throat, he smiled at Kyle's words, and then cupped Kyle's balls, relentlessly rolling them between his fingers, squeezing and tugging on them roughly. Sparks flashed behind Kyle's now closed eyes as his back arched in pleasure. When Aaron hummed deep in his throat, Kyle shuddered and gasped, his hands twisting in Aaron's hair so tightly it was almost painful. Aaron loved it.

"Do that again..." Kyle breathed.

Aaron did it again and again, bobbing his head faster and faster till with a loud cry, Kyle exploded, flooding his mouth with his hot, thick cum. Aaron could feel every twitch of Kyle's shaft as he spurted, and found that very erotic. Even as he swallowed every drop of Kyle's cum, Aaron's hand dropped to his own throbbing cock. He was so close his balls ached, drawn up tight with the need to release. He stroked himself, starting under his balls and up to the hot, sensitive tip. Jesus. The slippery fluid seeping from the slit was as hot as blood as he smeared it around the head, circling the tip. With a moan he started stroking fast as he continued to suck Kyle.

"Oh fuck, Aaron." Kyle breathed shakily when he realized what Aaron was doing.

Kyle pulled out of Aaron's mouth with a slurping popping sound and moved down to where Aaron was now furiously stroking his cock. Kyle pushed Aaron's hand out of the way and grabbed his almost purple cock. 

"Fuck!" Aaron groaned as Kyle encircled his cock with his hand. "Kyle..."

Barely applying pressure, Kyle pumped. Aaron mouthed 'fuck' again as if his voice had failed him, and thrust his hips up, his eyes practically rolling back in his head with the pleasure of Kyle's strokes. It felt so good. Against the soft sheets, Aaron writhed. His pelvis tilted up, fucking up into Kyle's fist. Kyle was trying to drag it out, prolong Aaron's stay on the brink of pleasure.

"I gotta come, Kyle. Please." Aaron moaned, seeking that elusive end. He grew frantic, hips thrusting erratically.

"Soon, baby." Kyle said huskily. "Fuck my hand." He crooned. "Just like that, baby."

"Please Kyle...I can't take it...I need to..."Aaron almost sobbed as he thrust his hips vigorously, driving his cock into the precum-slick fist of Kyle's. 

Even in his desperate state, Aaron couldn't wait to get his hands around Kyle's neck to squeeze the life out of him. He couldn't believe the jerk was actually making him beg. A red flush of excitement spread over Aaron's cheeks and neck as he flung his head from side to side, chanting Kyle's name, begging for a release. Then Kyle tightened his grip around Aaron's cock, gave it two quick tugs and Aaron was coming, shuddering and twitching with pleasure as his hot cum spilled over Kyle's hand. The world disappeared as the long-denied orgasm ripped out hard and fast. 

"Oh Christ, Kyle." Aaron cried. He jerked spasmodically in agonized rapture as he shot and shot.

"Fuck, yeah!" Kyle husked as he gathered Aaron into his arms, holding him tightly as aftershocks shook and rattled his wrung-out body. "You're amazing." 

Then licking Aaron's cum off his hand, Kyle slipped his tongue deep into Aaron's mouth, sharing his cum with him. Kyle devoured those sweet lips, falling even harder for the sexy man in his arms. He wrapped strong arms around Aaron, holding him tightly as he could feel him shaking. 

They were silent for a while, curled up together on the bed. Kyle stroked a hand along Aaron's spine, wanting to tell Aaron again that he loved him, but scared Aaron would clam up again like he had when he'd told him the night before and even moments earlier, when he stated that he'd fallen for his co-star. Kyle hadn't expected Aaron to say it back the night before, but he had also not expected him to go mute like he had after his rather...odd response to his declaration of love. Aaron hadn't uttered another word after that. Not even as they showered together after that full body massage or as they cuddled up in bed after. Kyle had done all the talking till they'd both drifted off to sleep. 

He hadn't planned on burdening Aaron with how he felt. It had slipped out probably because he just couldn't hide it anymore. And it had felt damn good putting it out there. Now that he'd said it, he felt like saying it every minute, screaming it to the world. He loved Aaron Hunter and that was never going to change.

"If we don't get going, you're going to be late." Aaron said softly.

Kyle had to meet the organizers of the party at the venue to see for himself that everything was in order. Bertha, the chief organizer, was to meet him there. He'd asked Aaron to come along simply because he didn't want him away from his side. God, he was crazy about the boy. Who would have thought...

"Hey what are you thinking about?" Aaron asked interrupting Kyle's thoughts. "You have a smile on your face."

"I do?" Kyle asked surprised. At Aaron's nod he chuckled. "I guess I'm happy that's all." He said, entwining their fingers together. "Ready for a shower?"

"Thought you already had one."

"Not with you." Kyle husked. "I want one with you. Come on."

After a rather relaxed and cuddly shower together, they were ready to leave. When they got to the garage, however, Kyle remembered their conversation the night before.

"You know, you never did give me an answer on your preference of a car last night. What's your answer?" Kyle asked, clicking a remote to open the door of his Hummer H3 Alpha. 

Aaron shrugged. "I think the most important thing is for the car to be able to get you to and from your destination. Definitely not a car that's going to leave you stranded in the middle of a highway." Aaron chuckled.

"Hmm. So, no preference. It just has to work, right?" Kyle drawled. "Good. So take your pick. Which one would you want?" Kyle threw his hand to indicate the cars in the garage.

"What?" Aaron laughed thinking Kyle was joking. But when he looked up at Kyle, he realized he was dead serious. And just like that, all the amusement drained from Aaron's face and to Kyle's surprise, Aaron flipped. "Dude, I'm not some twink you can keep with expensive giveaways, nor am I a gold digger, hanging around for..."

"Settle down cowboy." Kyle's hand lifted, palm held out. "I meant no disrespect."

"Well, making such offers has their implication. I'm not some silly girl whose head gets turned with promises of love." Aaron was getting hysterical. "And contrary to what you think, I'm not a gigolo or a hustler, though I know the circumstances under which we met say otherwise. I know I've acted..."

Kyle had heard enough. He clamped a hand over Aaron's mouth to stop his tirade, and then pushed Aaron backwards till his back was against the Hummer. Then Kyle just held him. Kyle could feel Aaron shaking, breathing harshly, obviously worked up. Kyle held him till he felt Aaron was calm, then decided to deal with the real issue...which he knew had to do with his declaration of love.

"What just happened?" Kyle asked calmly.

Aaron took a deep breath. "I'm not a hustler." He muttered.

"I never said you were." Kyle responded. "Just wanna pick a fight huh?" Kyle asked, voice still calm.

"I don't want that." Aaron mumbled. 

"Good." Kyle said and then leaned down to give Aaron a hot open-mouthed kiss. "I don't want to fight either." Kyle muttered against Aaron's mouth when he broke off the kiss. "So let's talk about the real problem here, Aaron."

"Your meeting..." Aaron started.

"Can wait. Now, the main issue here, we both know, is what I said last night and this morning."

"What..."

"Shut up. We both know what I'm talking about. I love you Aaron. I'm completely in love with you and that's not going to change whether you like it or not. I plan on telling you every day if you'll allow me. I know you don't feel that way about me and that's fine. I don't expect you to tell me something that you're not feeling. In fact I'd hate it if you did. Please don't think I said it to deliberately place a burden on you because I didn't. No pressure. Okay?"

"Okay." Aaron nodded, his heart pounding so hard. Why the fuck couldn't he just tell Kyle that he loved him too, he wondered.

"Now about the car... I'll be very pissed off and hurt if you ever think I want to treat you as a kept man or my play thing. I've never been in love, but from the little I know, when you love someone, you want to give them everything, protect them, make them happy. You hurt when you know they're in trouble, when you feel they're in need, when you feel they're going through unnecessary stress. I love my brother very much, Aaron. So I know how it feels to love someone though I've never been in love till now. It's the same love. The only difference is that, we get to rock each other's world. That makes ours even more intense. 

So you see, if I have cars at my disposal, and you have none, why the fuck can't you use them? I plan on getting you one. But since you don't know what you want, we'll look around till we find what you want. In the meantime, all I'm saying is that you pick and use one of these. Now tell me...is that an insult?"

Aaron shook his head slowly. When he blinked, a tear escaped to slide down his cheek which Kyle caught and wiped off.

"I love you, baby." Kyle said softly. "Never doubt that. Okay?"

"Okay." Aaron whispered.

"We cool?"

"Yes." Aaron smiled through his tears. "We're cool."

"Good." Kyle husked. Then slipping both arms around Aaron's waist, Kyle picked him up so that they looked directly into each other's eyes. "Now give me a kiss. Like you mean it. Even if..."

Aaron didn't allow Kyle to finish his statement. He tangled his fingers in Kyle's hair and took his lips in a kiss that said everything he couldn't. He kissed Kyle as though he was drowning, and Kyle was his only anchor. By the time he broke off the kiss, they were both shaking with need. 

"Oh Christ, how I wish we could go back upstairs." Kyle muttered against Aaron's lips.

"If you show up late, Bertha is going to assume I had something to do with it." Aaron dropped tiny kisses all over Kyle's face. "I'd rather stay in the little spitfire's good books, thank you very much."

Kyle burst into laughter. "You're nuts you know that?" He shook his head in amusement as he put Aaron back on his feet and opened the front passenger door for him. 

They were both still laughing as Kyle backed out of the garage. 

***

"Kyle..." Aaron called out, trying to get Kyle's attention. 

"What?" Kyle snapped out of his intent staring and brought his eyes up to look into Aaron's eyes.

"Why are you staring at me?" Aaron asked, sounding confused.

"'Cause you're so sexy it's ridiculous." Kyle groaned. "Damn, baby, you look edible."

That got a laugh out of Aaron. "Really? Have you looked at yourself?" He asked, turning off the game.

Aaron hadn't been able to keep his eyes off Kyle since Kyle had come downstairs, busily talking on his phone. Aaron had taking a shower first because Kyle had been busy on his phone. Then he'd dressed up and gone downstairs to play a video game whilst Kyle was still in the shower. Kyle had been so engrossed in his phone conversation when he'd gotten downstairs, he hadn't noticed how Aaron had ogled and admired him. Whilst Kyle talked on the phone, Aaron had taken the opportunity to check out his funky yet classy look. Kyle looked absolutely hot in his black jeans, black slim-cut button down shirt, untucked, and a brown blazer. His classy brown leather shoes completed his suave look perfectly. Kyle looked like a fucking wet dream. By the time Kyle got off the phone, Aaron had successfully talked himself out of demanding they fuck each other senseless before leaving for the party. Kyle needed to be there early to greet the guests.

Kyle on the other hand, couldn't suppress the gasp that tore out of him when his eyes landed on Aaron after hanging up. Of course Aaron was by then back to playing his game so hadn't noticed Kyle's reaction. But when he couldn't hear Kyle's voice for a while, Aaron turned to see what he was up to and caught Kyle just standing, with his mouth slightly opened, staring at him. Was something wrong with what he was wearing, was it not appropriate, Aaron wondered.

All Kyle could think of at that moment, was tearing that sexy outfit off Aaron and having his way with him. Aaron looked simply delicious in white jeans, which was riding low on his hips, tight white t-shirt, with just the front tucked in, and a maroon leather jacket, its grey knitted collar matching his dreamy grey eyes. And those maroon and grey boots...they looked so unique and powerful, it made you want to take a second look. 

Kyle walked slowly towards Aaron till he was standing so close to Aaron, their bodies were almost touching. Then his hands came up to cup Aaron's cheeks tenderly, smiling when Aaron closed his eyes and leaned into his touch. As though he were being pulled by an unseen force, Kyle bent his head and gave Aaron a kiss so hot and desperate, both men were breathing hard by the time they broke apart.

"Oh shit." Kyle groaned, his forehead against Aaron's. "Let's get outta here before I drag you back upstairs." Kyle muttered against Aaron's swollen lips. "My brother will kill me if I show up late. Come on."

With a deep shaky breath, Aaron followed Kyle out of the house. 

***

These people sure did know how to have a good time Aaron thought, looking at the guests, numbered about two hundred and fifty, chanting 'cut' to Kyle and Ken who were standing behind a beautiful huge birthday cake. Two huge cakes in the shape of the numbers, three and zero, had been mounted on a really enormous rectangular shaped cake. In lovely red, white and blue colours, the cake was absolutely beautiful.

Aaron watched as Kyle and Ken cut into the cake amidst cheers and applauds. Both Kyle and Ken looked happy and that made Aaron happy. He'd met Ken earlier and thought he was a really cool and lovely person. Aaron thought Ken's boyfriend, Stephen was a very pleasant person too. They'd all shared a few drinks till Ken had to reluctantly leave with Kyle to welcome their guests.
