 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome. 

Kyle Parker vs. Aaron Hunter

Dedicated to lovekinkysex and Anon...for allowing me to pop your (commenting) cherries.

Despair!

***

"Aaron?" Peggy Hunter called out her son's name. 

The house seemed awfully quiet. Maybe Aaron was sleeping. She'd been gone for about two hours, hoping Kyle and Aaron had sorted out their differences by then. She'd noticed that Kyle's car was no longer parked in the driveway so she knew he'd already left. Peggy also noticed that the light was on in Aaron's bedroom so she tentatively pushed the door open. What she saw broke her heart.

Aaron was sitting on the floor, still in his shirt, with his head in his palm and his body shaking with painful sobs.

"Oh my God, Honey..." Peggy gushed as she rushed to gather her son into her arms. "Shhhh. It's okay, Mummy is here. Don't cry." She crooned.

But the more Peggy rocked and talked to Aaron, the harder he cried. Peggy was furious...furious at Kyle. She'd only left Aaron with Kyle because she thought Kyle would sort out whatever problem there was. But from the look of things, the situation was rather worse. What the hell did that Kyle do to her son, Peggy fumed. No mother wanted to see their child hurting like Aaron was. Peggy realized she actually preferred an angry and sulking Aaron, to the Aaron who was crying as though his life had come to an end. The front of Peggy's blouse was all wet by the time Aaron calmed down. And even then, his tears kept flowing silently.

"Do you want to talk about it?" Peggy asked softly, still rocking Aaron in her arms.

"I hurt him." Aaron croaked, sounding like he had a frog stuck in his throat. "I hurt him really bad, Mum."

"Well, that's what happens when people are in a relationship." Peggy said softly. "You hurt each other but it's not intentional. You just have to give each other the chance to expl..."

"I raped him, Mum." Aaron said quietly, cutting off Peggy's tirade.

Aaron felt his mother stiffen against him and pulled out of her arms. He drew his knees up and hugged it as though making himself small would somehow make everything go away.

"What?" Peggy whispered.

"I knew what I was doing was wrong but...I just couldn't stop." Aaron muttered shakily. "It felt like I wasn't in control of my body, my mind...I just don't know. He pleaded, Mum. He tried to talk me out of it but I..."

"Oh my God!" Peggy sounded horrified.

"I'm sorry, Mum. I'm so sorry." Aaron whispered. "I know I've disappointed you."

"You took drugs." Peggy said in a tight voice. It wasn't a question.

Aaron cleared his throat. "I went out with some guys. But I just couldn't bring myself to loosen up and have fun. They said it would help me loosen up. I just wanted to forget...forget everything for at least a while. I..."

"What was so bad?" Peggy's voice shook. "What was so bad, you had to take drugs to forget, Aaron. Tell me. Help me understand." Tears were sliding down Peggy's cheeks. She knew her son had a really nasty temper sometimes. But this...was over the top. "Please."

Aaron finally turned to look at his mother. His beautiful mother. The one person he'd loved since he drew in his first breath. The last thing he wanted to do was hurt her. But Aaron knew that not telling her anything would hurt her even more. She was his mother. She would understand. Taking a deep breath, Aaron told his mother everything.

***

It was Sunday morning and Chris Donovan had just finished working out in his gym. He planned on relaxing in bed the whole day as the day before had been hectic. They had to go for Aaron's graduation, and then to see Michael's sweet baby boy, and then to hang out in Matt's house. And that idiot always made them play soccer whenever it was his turn to entertain. What a workout that had been, Chris grimaced. He'd been so tired when he'd finally gotten into bed, he'd actually surprised himself for being able to wake up early for his usual workout. 

As Chris made his way into the bathroom to take a well-deserved shower, he heard his cell phone ring. With a groan, we went back to pick up his phone from his bedside table. He didn't know the number so he almost ignored the call, telling himself he could call the person back after his shower. But on second thoughts, he decided to talk to whoever it was quickly, and then get into the shower before the sweat dried up on him. He hated that.

"Chris here." Chris said in his deep voice.

"You said if I ever have any problem, I should come to you." Said a disembodied voice. "I need your help, Chris."

Chris' mind raced. The only person he'd told that to was... "Aaron?"

"Yes." Came Aaron's quiet voice. Hell, he didn't even sound like himself, Chris thought.

"Are you okay?"

"I'm..." Aaron went quiet.

"Where are you?" Chris asked.

"I'm home."

"Give me your address." Chris said, picking up a pen to write down the address Aaron rattled off. "Give me thirty." Chris hung up and rushed into the shower.

***

When Chris parked his sleek metallic silver Mercedes-Benz SL-Class in Aaron's driveway, he saw Aaron sitting dejectedly on his stairs. The boy looked like he'd been run over by a bulldozer. God, he hoped Aaron's mother was okay. Chris remembered Kyle saying the woman had a medical condition. Chris got out of his car and went to stand in front of Aaron, looking down at Aaron's bowed head.

"Hey." Chris said softly.

"Thanks for coming." Aaron muttered, his head still down.

"No problem." Chris said, crouching down in front of Aaron so that their faces were at par. "Is your mum home?" Chris asked. 

Aaron nodded his head. "She's sleeping."

"Is she okay?"

"She's fine."

Chris heaved a sigh of relief. So if his mother was well, then what was causing the boy to look like his favourite dog was dead? It couldn't possibly be about his fight or anger towards Kyle, Chris thought. Kyle had told Chris everything and much as Chris thought Aaron deserved to be angry with Kyle, he didn't think it was such a big deal. Seriously, why would Kyle want to take money from Aaron? 

"Would you want us to talk here or go somewhere else?" Chris asked. Though Aaron had called him, Chris has a feeling it was going to take a little coaxing to get the boy to talk. At Aaron's shrug, Chris stood up. "Come on. Do you need to get anything from in there?"

Aaron shook his head. He already had his wallet, phone and keys on him. He stood up and followed Chris to his car. When he got into the front seat, Aaron just sat, staring straight ahead. On any other day, he would have admired the car he was sitting in but at that point, Aaron wouldn't have noticed even if it was a horse-drawn carriage.

"Buckle up, Aaron." Chris said softly. He unconsciously treated Aaron as though he were handling a skittish cat. The boy looked totally beaten and terrified. Chris was beginning to get very worried. He backed out of Aaron's driveway and drove straight to his house.

When they got to Chris' stylishly designed home, Chris ushered Aaron into a cozy room he called his personal sanctuary. It wasn't a big room. The deco in there was classically elegant. The only thing besides the sparse furniture in there was an aquarium and a bar. Chris only went in there when he wanted to be alone to think. The way Aaron looked right then, that soothing feel of the room would help calm down his nerves...Chris hoped.

"Should I get you anything?" Chris asked.

"No. I'm good." Aaron sat in the couch like a zombie.

Chris took a seat opposite Aaron and hunched over with his forearms resting on his knees and then stared at the bowed head of Aaron. Whatever problem Aaron had was obviously killing the boy, Chris thought grimly. 

"Okay, let's hear it." Chris said and waited for Aaron to speak.

After a full minute of silence, Aaron finally looked up at Chris, swallowed hard, took a deep breath, and dropped the bombshell;

"I raped him."

Chris looked confused for a moment, then asked curiously, "You raped who?"

"Kyle. I...last night he...we were talking...he came..."

"Take a deep breath, Aaron." Chris said in a controlled voice. "Now tell me how the fuck you were able to rape or think you raped Kyle." Chris was totally confused. Was Aaron okay? How could he possibly rape Kyle? Kyle was over six-foot-two and Aaron was...

"When I got home last night, he was there. My mum left us to talk. I was so angry I...I took him by surprise. I wanted to stop but...couldn't. Now he hates me and I don't know what to do."

"You're serious." Chris stared at Aaron incredulously. 

Aaron nodded, feeling like his throat was being squeezed. 

"Fuck!" Chris muttered and stood up. Long strides took him to the bar, where he poured himself a stiff drink.

He gulped it down at a go. Damn, he wished he'd already had something to eat. Booze on an empty stomach wasn't a good thing. But Chris needed it. He pulled his cell phone out of his pocket and dialed Ken's number.

"Hey." Ken answered quietly on the other side.

"Hey yourself. Have you spoken to Kyle since last night?" Chris asked Ken.

"I'm in his house now, Chris. I don't know but...I think something happened. He's not talking much. Do you know what happened to him?" Ken sounded very worried.

"No. I was expecting a call from him last night but it never came through. And I think his phone is off so thought I'd call you and find out." Chris lied. "Listen, what do you mean you think something happened?"

"Well, for one, he keeps staring into space. His eyes look dead. He's not himself, Chris. I think something might have happened last night but he's not saying anything." Ken definitely sounded desperate. "Maybe I should take him to the hospital."

"Ken, I don't think he needs a hospital. Just encourage him to have a good sleep. I'll pass by later. Okay?"

"Okay." Ken responded and hung up.

"Son-of-a-bitch!" Chris muttered to Aaron's hearing. "You actually did rape him." Chris watched Aaron's bowed head from behind the bar for a while, and then poured himself more booze. "Fuck!" He swore and emptied his refilled glass.

Aaron had never hated himself as much as he did at that very moment. He just wanted to die. Maybe Chris would do him the honours and beat him to death.

"Here, take this." Aaron heard Chris' voice beside him and looked up. 

Chris was holding out a half filled glass to him. Aaron took it from Chris and took a sip.

"Drink all. You need it." Chris urged and sat down beside Aaron, staring up at the ceiling.

Aaron downed the drink and placed the glass on the table. 

"Was it to punish him or you were too aroused to think?" Chris asked in a deadly quiet voice.

Aaron groaned. "I guess it was both." Aaron muttered. "I was angry and I...I wanted him." 

"Fuck!" Chris cursed and turned his head to look at Aaron. "Why?" Chris whispered.

And before Aaron knew it, he was spilling everything. Chris already knew the part about how he'd met Kyle so he didn't have to go over everything like he had to do with his mum. God, he'd never seen his mother cry so hard, blaming herself for everything. Aaron had to assure her that it wasn't her fault the choices he made. They hadn't slept till morning. At least she was okay now. She'd wanted to go to Kyle's house that morning to beg for forgiveness, but Aaron had convinced her to sleep instead since that was his duty and not hers.

Now as he related everything to Chris, Aaron couldn't help but feel everything sounded silly. His reason for leaving the party, his reason for running away from Kyle, his reason for getting even more angry at Kyle and his reason for accepting those pills from Scott. All those reasons paled in comparison to what he'd done to Kyle. And if the look on Chris' face was anything to go by, Aaron was going to burn in hell.

"You fool." Chris growled. "You stupid, arrogant, sadistic fool. Everything he did, it was because he knows how stubborn you are. Hell, the very first few minutes I met you, I could tell you were a stubborn prick." Chris stood up and begun to pace. "That man loves you. I've never seen him act that way about anyone before, and I've known him for years. Kyle will do anything for you. I don't know what you did, or whether you even deserve him, but he's crazy about you. Did you really expect him to take money from you?" Chris gave a short humourless laugh.

"What the fuck do you have? But of course Kyle knew you would insist on paying him back if he didn't do as you demanded. You know the only other person I know who's as stupidly stubborn as you? Ken. That's right. One would think just one stubborn person in Kyle's life was okay. But no...he had to fall for someone just as stubborn." Chris poured himself another drink.

"If Ken says he wouldn't do something, even wild horse cannot get him to do it. Kyle knew some video wasn't going to change Ken's mind. But silly as he is, he had to try anyway. Now put yourself in Kyle's shoes for a second, you idiot. Would you be okay with your brother seeing the man that you love, naked? Doing God knows what on camera? Well, of course you would be. Why am I even asking? That's what you did for a living. Jesus, you're a fool, Aaron Hunter. Nothing would have made Kyle give that tape to Ken, with the way he felt about you. And even if he had, it wouldn't have made that idiot go back to chemo. But could Kyle make you understand this? No, because you're just as stubborn as his brother.

Know what Kyle told me the other day? He said he wished he'd known you earlier, before your mother got sick, before you went into porn, so that he could give you a better life. Spare you that decision of having to go into porn at that tender age, just to make ends meet. Unfortunately he didn't know you then. And the harm had already been done. He was only trying to make it right. Do you know the amount of money he had to use to accomplish that? I'm his banker so I know just how much. You really think he would tell you all that, with that silly stubbornness of yours? Would you have allowed him to use that kind of money and not feel you were being bought or feel obligated to pay back? Fuck!" Chris sounded so angry, Aaron was shaking in his seat.

"Do you really think he gives a rat's arse who knows he's fucking you? You really think anyone would be bold enough to do what he did? Go to the lengths he had to go to fuck and even date a porn star? Hell no! I was the only one amongst his pals who was opposed to him pursuing you afterwards. Why? 'Cause I just knew you would give him problems. Well, not this kind of problem...this is even worse. I didn't want you two together. But it was obvious he'd already fallen for you so...I let it go. Now you pull this stunt?" Chris bellowed.

Chris stopped pacing and faced Aaron, his eyes blazing with fury and indignation. When he spoke again, his voice was low, deeper and lethal.

"Contrary to what you think, Kyle is one of the softest and sweetest guys out there. Do you know what his brother just told me? That his eyes look dead. You just had to do it didn't you? Ruining his birthday was not enough. You had to rip his heart ou..."

"I'm sorry okay?" Aaron screamed, his face buried in his palms. "I'm sorry." He added in an anguished whisper.

"Not as sorry as you're going to be if you don't fix this." Chris growled. "You're going to pull every trick in the book to get Kyle to snap out of his current state. You'll grovel, do every fucking thing he asks of you, if he says you should jump, I want to hear you ask how high. If you fuck this up, so help me God, I'm gonna make you regret the day you laid eyes on Kyle. Oh and one more thing...no matter what you do, don't ever let Ken know what you did to his brother. Even the devil himself, cannot save you from what that man will do to you if he finds out. Do you hear me?" Chris roared.

"Yes." Aaron answered quietly.

"Good. And if you ever do drugs again, I'm going to beat the shit out of you and personally, send you to rehab..."

"It was just that one time, Chr..."

"I don't fucking care." Chris growled. "Just don't ever do that again. Got it?"

"Yes." Aaron answered with a sigh.

"I'm glad we understand each other. Now we're going to eat, then you'll get some sleep 'cause you look like you're about to fall over. If you wake up...'cause I just might kill you in your sleep, we'll go over to Kyle's. Then it will be up to you to show the man just how sorry you are and how much you love him. Fortunately for you, that guy doesn't stay angry for long. Come on."

***

"I can't sleep."

Chris looked up from the documents he was looking through on his bed and stared at Aaron, who was standing in the doorway of his bedroom.

"You mean you've been up all this while?" Chris asked incredulously.

Aaron nodded. "I've tried but..."

"Dude, you've been in there for the past three hours. Maybe if you had eaten something small like I insisted, you would have been able to sleep." Chris looked at his wrist watch. It was already four p.m. "You really need to get some sleep, Aaron." Chris said as he got out of bed.

"I can't. Whenever I close my eyes, I see his face, filled with so much pain and rage. I don't think he'll want to see me, Chris." Aaron said quietly.

"We'll see about that. Go freshen up. We have to go now. The earlier we sort this shit out, the earlier you can get some sleep." Chris said, pushing the documents back into its envelope. He had a plan, and he hoped to God, Kyle wasn't going to be as difficult as Ken or Aaron. He was banking on the fact that amongst all the guys, Kyle was the one who could never hold on to a grudge for long.

***

Kyle sat on his massive bed with his back against the headboard. He was just staring unseeingly at the huge flat screen TV on the wall. Though the TV was on the news channel, it was on mute so Kyle couldn't hear a thing. His mind was blank. For some reason, he just couldn't think. He felt numb inside, as if he'd lost something... like something had been taken out of him. The night before, he hadn't been able to sleep when he'd gotten home from Aaron's house. Unfortunately for Kyle, he'd developed a terrible headache from all the thoughts that had run through his head then. Did Aaron hate him that much? Aaron couldn't possibly love him if he was able to hurt him physically as he had. His verbal lashing had been just as bad but that was only to be expected from someone who was angry and embittered as Aaron was. But to hurt him physically? That was a very big deal. Fine, he was under the influence of drugs but still... Shit! 

Kyle was grateful his mind was completely blank now. At least he wasn't going to suffer a migraine from thinking too much. And thank God, Ken had finally left because Kyle couldn't stand the worried look on his brother's face. The last thing Ken needed was to be worried about him. Kyle heard a sound at the bedroom door and turned his head to look. When he saw Aaron enter the room, Kyle didn't even bat an eye. He just turned back to look on the screen. Maybe if he kept quiet, Aaron wouldn't give him another tongue-lashing as he had the night before, Kyle thought. Aaron would hopefully leave him alone to wallow in his misery. Hell, he couldn't force Aaron to love him, right?

Aaron looked at how Kyle sat dejectedly on the bed. He didn't even look like his tough Kyle, his bad-ass Kyle, he looked...broken. And he'd done that to him. Aaron didn't even notice the tears streaming down his own cheeks. Kyle was wearing grey sweatpants and a white body-hugging t-shirt, and as usual, he looked sexy. Aaron closed and locked the door behind him, kicked off his loafers and walked over to the bed. 

"Kyle...baby, I'm sorry." Aaron was shaking, his very soul dying for Kyle's forgiveness. "I'm so sorry." 

Aaron knew that Kyle might shove him away, beat the crap out of him or scream at him to get the fuck out of his house and his life but he didn't care. All he wanted to do was to touch Kyle, feel his heart beating against his, get Kyle to show some emotion...any emotion. Aaron climbed onto the bed, and then moved closer to kneel beside Kyle. Kyle still didn't show any emotion, he just kept staring at the TV. Aaron threw a leg across Kyle's thighs and straddled his lap, one knee on either side of Kyle's hips. Aaron then wound his arms around Kyle's neck, buried his face between Kyle's neck and shoulder and cried his heart out. Great heaving sobs shook Aaron's body as desperate sounds tore from his throat. In no time, Aaron's tears soaked Kyle's t-shirt. 
