 ***********

Aaron's Story VI- It will never be.

***********************************

I hissed in pain and clutched the arms of the chair. The antiseptic Daniel had applied on the cut at the back of my head was stinging. Daniel stopped applying it and looked at me with concern and uncertainty.

"Are you okay? I guess it's stinging but I need to clean the wound lest it gets septic."

I nodded and he dabbed the cotton in the liquid and started cleaning the wound. This time he touched a sensitive spot and I recoiled in intense pain, clutching his arm and clinging desperately to dear life in the process. After a minute, the sharp pain subsided and I relaxed. It was then I realized I was clutching Daniel's arm with intense strength and that he was seated in an awkward position with an awkward confused expression on his face. His awkwardness seeped through me and our eyes met. Immediately, I let go of his arm and sat straight while he shuffled uncomfortably. I noticed that I had left red marks on his arm where I had clutched it. I cursed myself wordlessly.

"I'm sorry for that. It was the pain. I couldn't think straight."

Daniel looked at his arm and then at me; and to my disbelief turned red. The usually snobbish and confident guy stammered a reply.

"No. It's fine. In fact it was pleas- I mean it didn't hurt. Vampire strength and all." 

"That's good. I mean in spite of that I'm sorry." I bit my lip at my thoughtless replies.

"So, I have to resume the cleaning." Daniel spoke.

I nodded giving my assent. After five minutes that took me all my strength to stop clutching his arm again, he had cleaned and dressed my wound. With that done he began examining the scratches on my arms and back. 

"Uhm..Aaron, please take off your shirt."

"What??" I turned and almost shouted. "Why?"

Daniel was taken aback and quickly started explaining himself. "I have to see your back. I mean I have to check for cuts or muscle injury in the back. You hit the cabinet on your back and then hit the floor. I have to check all's fine."

"Oh! Hang on for a sec." I replied turning red in embarrassment at my outburst.

Slowly, with extreme awareness of him watching me strip, I pulled the t-shirt over my head. Daniel extended his hand to take it. I hesitated but handed it to him. 

"Jeez! It's all wet." Daniel remarked but then saw my eyebrow rise and quickly kept it on the nearby chair. "But, it smells great. I mean...all the activity of the last hour made you sweat. I understand." His voice trailed off as he looked at me. My chest was glistening with sweat and his eyes were travelling all over me. The feeling of awkwardness and self-consciousness flooded me. I cleared my throat which brought Daniel back to earth. He quickly shook his head and asked me to turn. Very conscious, I turned my back towards him.

After a few minutes that filled the room with more awkwardness (if that was possible), I felt Daniel's cold fingers touching me. A shiver ran through my body and I felt a twitching where it shouldn't be at this point. Daniel's fingers too seemed colder than usual and bit shaky. I could guess he was nervous and perhaps this 'twitching' was happening to him too. Embarrassed and swearing I adjusted my posture and tightly crossed my legs. Daniel's fingers were sliding all over my back. After a moment he applied pressure at a spot. I shivered in anticipation and (I hate to admit) pleasure.

"How does it feel?" He asked.

"Pleasurable." I murmured out of my orgasmic feelings.

"Excuse me?" Daniel asked all squeaky-voiced and high.

"I...I meant it feels fine. No pain at the spot." Cursing myself without stopping I tried to cover up.

"Oh!" Daniel said sounding uncertain. "Well, then nothing's wrong with the muscles. Just a few scratches but they'll go."

I heaved a sigh of relief that the examination had ended. I quickly got up to get my t-shirt but in the process, swung my wounded head, which made me dizzy. I lost control and fell. But, I didn't hit the ground. I fell into Daniel's outstretched arms. As I gained composure, I looked up at him. He was bent and holding me in his arms; while I was clinging to his shirt and had ripped a few top buttons in the process. I could get a peek at his toned chest with a slight hint of hair. I felt his muscular arms holding me. He was looking straight into my eyes but his breathing was heavy and his heart racing. My eyes travelled from the slightly exposed chest to the huge bulge in the jeans. That made me conscious of the fact that such a bulge had emanated in me to. I quickly tried to stand straight. He too broke his X-raying and helped me stand.

"I'm sorry about the shirt." I apologised to fill the awkward silence that had prevailed.

"You don't need to apologise. Here." He handed me my t-shirt and I wore it. 

"It's too silent here." Daniel said looking around my room. Evan and Sean were in Sean's room with Stefan's body. Daniel had accompanied me to my room to clean the wound. The house was very silent and the silence very awkward.

"I'll play some music. That's the player. Where's the remote?" Daniel enquired.

I handed it to him and settled on the bed while he figured out the buttons and started playing the song. He pressed the buttons and music flowed in the room.

"Yes you're lovely, with your smile so warm,

And your cheeks so soft,

There is nothing for me but to love you,

And the way you look tonight."

Daniel froze when the song played. The awkwardness now reached another peak. However, he soon gained senses and after great fumbling put on another song. 

"I'll switch off the lights." He said and moved towards the switch board when the new song thus said.

"And then I tell her, as I turn out the light,

I say, "My darling, you were wonderful tonight.

Oh my darling, you were wonderful tonight."

Daniel turned around and slightly hysterically seized the remote and changed the song. I couldn't help but smile a bit in spite of all awkwardness I felt. 

"That if I leave with you and I get you home

Baby you're gonna love what I do

When I'm on top of you

When I'm on to-"

Daniel switched off the player. Turning towards me he spoke. "No good songs tonight! Let's not listen to any music."

I nodded and smiled slightly. He stared at me, turned red and looked away. Silence restored itself in the room. I could hear the ticking of the clock. The night noises seemed louder and more annoying in the dead awkward silence prevailing between us. I don't know what got into me. I don't know what I was thinking. I don't know when the words escaped from my lips. All I know is I asked him," Are you seeing anyone?" 

Daniel started and looked at me in disbelief. However, he answered my question without giving way to anymore embarrassment on my part.

"No, I'm single right now."

"Good." I muttered.

"Sorry? I didn't catch that."

"I asked why you not seeing anyone?" I tried to cover up.

He looked into the distance, thinking for a while. Then he turned to me and smiled slightly.

"I don't know. Ever since my last relationship with Alex or Alexander, this was way back in 1840s, I haven't really felt the urge to embark on that road again."

I smiled slightly at the prospect of Daniel having been in love and still hung on. He saw me smiling and enquired.

"Unbelievable, is it? That Daniel Damien, the snob arse can fall in love with someone."

I fervently shook my head but it hurt so instantly stopped. When the dizziness subsided I continued speaking. "Well, it's kind of strange but not unbelievable. I mean you may be a bit full of yourself but that doesn't mean you can't love."

"So, I am full of myself?" He asked a bit curtly.

"A bit." I smiled mockingly.

"Well, you are not a bottle of honey either." He shot at me and turned his head in the opposite direction.

"Excuse me? I am perfectly sweet and humble to people." I retorted with a hint of smugness.

"You really have an awesome sense of humour. That was insanely hilarious!" Daniel laughed loudly.

"Oh shut up!" I snapped in frustration. "Ever done a reality check. The high-nosed prince that you keep on pretending to be. No wonder you're single."

Daniel stopped laughing and shot at me. "As far as I can see, there is no line of boys behind you either. Dude, you too are single! Unless you're talking about your Lalaland chronicles!"

"That's because I don't want a relationship right now. In case you didn't notice, you're talking to the sexiest guy in town. One look and all drop on their knees. What about you, huh? With the kind of attitude you have, all you'll get is some kick on your snobbish arse!"

"That's enough!" Daniel got up and stomped towards me. I had no clue what he was about to do. He leaned on me, held my face firmly and kissed me on the lips. Shocked and stunned I was numb as his lips pressed intently against mine. He was definitely one hell of a kisser. The platonic and passionate kiss sent me whirling in fantasy world. However, when he broke the kiss I was yearning for more.

"So, you see what I've got. After that I believe you won't have any doubts about my potential."

I simply stared at him. I didn't know what to say. I was still intoxicated by the euphoria of the deep kiss. He had turned away from me and was looking out of the window into the night sky. A pale crescent moon was radiating a feeble but distinct silvery glow. I was not sure how to react. I was torn between shouting on him for kissing me and running up to him and kissing him. I had no words to fill the silence now. My rationale had simply flown out of the window with the kiss. All suppressed emotions for him were now surging and raging at their restraints. A storm was raging within me. I couldn't stop myself anymore. I flung the sheets away, got out of bed, reached Daniel, turned him around and kissed him intently.

My hands were straying all over him. Moving my fingers through his hair, I worked them down to his chest and pushed myself against him while locking lips with his. As my hands travelled downwards and moved over his crotch, he held my arms and pushed me away. I looked at him in confusion and slight annoyance. He had a frown on his face, with denial etched in every feature. He looked at me intently, opened his mouth to say something, hesitated and shook his head. 

"This cannot happen between us. I am sorry. We cannot be together. I loved Alex and I won't ever give his place to anyone."

I stamped my foot in frustration and anger. "Alex! Alex! Alex! Why are you doing this? Can't you see? Why don't you see what's between us? Don't you love me? Don't you see I love you?"

"You have no idea what it is to love. You don't know how life gets centred on that one person who becomes the closest to your heart; the one person whose life defines your existence; the one person whose happiness is all that matters to you. You don't know what it is to be in love. And Alex is the best thing that ever happened in my life. I can't move over him. I'm sorry but I don't feel for you and will never feel for you the way I did for Alex. It's my fault I sent you these signals. I'm sorry Aaron. This won't happen again. I'll ensure our distance."

With that he turned and walked out of the room. I watched him go. Frustration and anger seething in me I grabbed the player and flung it on the floor. As tears came to my eyes I fell on my bed stifling my sobs and trying to gain control over my emotions. With every tear I felt my feelings for him give way to a decision.

"If it can never be, then it shall never be. Daniel Damien, I assure you, we will never be together."

*********

Evan's Story VI

****************

A streak of bright sunlight hit my face, making me cover my eyes, trying to adjust to the light dispelling the night's darkness. Slowly, I opened my eyes and looked around. My eyes immediately rested on Sean who had fallen asleep with his head on the bed while sitting on the floor. Stefan was lying on the bed, still dead. I checked the time. Any minute now would he wake up as an Undead. Realizing the risk I immediately got up and woke up Sean.

"Sean, get up. Sean!"

He stirred and rubbed his eyes. Looking up at me he enquired. "What's wrong?"

"It's almost time. Any minute now he'll be awake. You shouldn't be with him. It's a great risk."

Sean shook his head. "No. I won't leave. He's in this state because of me. I will not walk away from him."

Exasperated, I reprimanded him. "Stop being a jerk, Sean. Firstly, it's not your fault. Secondly, you need to get away from him. Any moment he'll wake up and will crave for blood. I will not allow this!"

However, Sean was adamant and unyielding. "No Evan! I will stay here. He needs me and whatever happens I will not leave him alone."

"Fine! Stay with him." I shouted in anger and frustration. "But remember one thing Sean. Your life is priceless to me. If he tries one attempt to harm you, I swear I'll rip his heart out!"

He stared at me in shock and disbelief and opened his mouth to object. But, the look on my face told him to back off. He yielded and turned to sit next to Stefan. I glared at Stefan. I was angry and annoyed. The fact that he had tried to take away from me the person I loved the most had annoyed me. And Sean giving him all the attention in the world wasn't really helping to ease my temper and feelings for Stefan. My usual calm composure had deserted me now. As I stood reflecting on everything, the lifeless form of Stefan stirred. Alert and ready I quickly shouted for Dan, who came rushing in, followed by Aaron. We stood in silence as Stefan got up groaning and clutching his head. He sat up straight and opened his eyes.

"Where am I? Why are you all staring at me?" He enquired. None of us responded. No one knew how to address the situation. However, gradually as memory came to Stefan's aid he seemed, he looked at me with wide eyes and fear. I realized that the night events had come rushing back. His breathing became fast and his hand quickly felt the side of his neck (now healed) where the vampire had bit him. He became hysterical and quickly jumped of the bed and rushed towards the window. However, the moment a streak of sunlight touched him, he yelled and backed off into the dark corner of the room, staring in disbelief and confusion. His paranoia was paramount now as he began yelling.

"Who the hell are you? What...what happened to me last night? That...that man...that creature attacked me. He bit my neck and there was blood everywhere. And then everything became blurred and finally blacked out. What happened to me? Someone fucking answer me! Sean! SEAN!"

He was hysterical and shaking in rage and confusion. His state was chaotic and unsettling. I looked at Sean who was close to tears at his best friend's state. However, he calmed himself and moved towards Stefan. He bent on his knees and took Stefan's hands in his own. Stefan clung to him like a child afraid and confused, unaware and scared of everything.

"Sean, please tell me. What's wrong with me?" He looked at Sean expectantly with hope brimming in his eyes.

"Stefan, listen to me very carefully. Please be calm and do not get paranoid by whatever I tell you." Sean spoke assuring him amidst his own sobs. "Daniel and Evan are vampires. The man who attacked you is a vampire too."

"WHAT? What the hell are you saying Sean?" Stefan shouted in utter confusion and disbelief. If anything, he was getting even hysterical by the minute.

"Please listen to me Stefan." Sean intervened and yearned. "The vampire who attacked you last night is now dead. And they will not hurt you. You are safe. But..."

Sean's silence was unnerving and unsettling for Stefan. He probed him to continue. "But what Sean? What happened last night? Tell me!"

Sean took a heavy breath to regain composure. "Stefan, when the vampire bit you, he turned you. You are transitioning into a vampire now."

Stefan was stunned. Dead silence filled the room as the reality of the eternal damnation of his life crashed down upon him. Stefan's entire world seemed to be slowly crumbling. His life, his aspirations, his dreams, his hoped had all been shattered and marred by this one ugly and bitter truth. In spite of everything, I felt sorry for him. I felt I was being unreasonable and over-reacting in Stefan's confession. The guy was shattered now. He needed support and not wrath born out of insecurity and jealousy.  

"You...you are kidding right." Stefan finally blurted the statement. Disbelief had turned him into a hysterical being, trying to escape reality by seeking conviction in his perception. "I know you are kidding. This cannot happen. Vampires don't exist. Ha!" He looked at Sean and attempted to laugh. But, stopped as nothing but a paranoid laughter was what emanated. "Say that you are kidding Sean! Please say that you are! SAY IT SEAN!" 

"I...I am not." Sean uttered through sobs and tears and broke down.

The ultimate declaration seemed to snatch the proverbial twig to which Stefan had been trying to cling to in desperation. He broke down into tears, groaning and screaming his disbelief and hysteria. His paranoia unnerved everyone in the room, especially Sean. Amidst tears Sean leaned and tightly hugged Stefan. 

"Everything will be alright Stefan. All will be fine." He kept on iterating the assuring statements. Stefan finally gave up his hysteria and clung to Sean. Both friends sat in each other's embrace; one assuring while the other seeking his destroyed identity in the assurances. Dan put a hand on my shoulder and squeezed it. I did not remove my gaze from the duo on the floor. This turn of events had been the least expected. My return to Mystical domus had been to protect Sean. But, what about everyone close to him? Who is responsible for this? The answers lie in the dark, out of reach. But, time will come when all secrets will be unearthed. The guilty will be trialled. I knew where to start.

**************

The news of the vampire's death was not unexpected. The fool had to die. But, the job he needed him to do had been done. Stefan Klein had been turned into a vampire. Very soon he will serve the purpose. 

"Anything else that I need to do?" The witch named Diana asked the young guy.

"Nothing yet, Diana. But I'll need you soon enough. We have a witch in the enemy camp to deal with. Plus, my ulterior motive is not possible without you." He replied.

"After all these years, they still don't know. They never knew. You are one cunning wolf." She smiled.

"They were stupid, especially Daniel Damien. He never realized what I had planned. He'll be receiving the shock of his life soon." He gave her his cold smile. 

"Love is one powerful weapon. The one who knows how to make others love him without getting carried away himself becomes the puppeteer of so many lives." She ruminated.

"It's a complicated game, Diana. We risk everything to gain. It has no rules, it has no fair play. Manipulation, control and cunning is what we need. The game that began years ago will now reach its culmination." With that he drained the coupe and walked away.

Diana saw him leave. He faded into the darkness of the night. She had never met a guy as cunning, manipulative, brutal and unsympathetic as him. He knew his game well. The Damien brothers would never know what hit them. They've never known what hit them then. How could they know now?