 My name is Roy and I'm a salesman for a mid-size manufacturing firm and spend a lot of time on the road. I'm used to it and it pays the bills for my wife and two college aged children. I've had my share of good times in my sex life, mostly when I was younger but I can't complain. I had a few bisexual experience in college with a former roommate but hadn't had sex with a man since I had gotten married. That is, until recently, which was outlined in the first chapter. 

After my first bisexual experience in over twenty years with the anonymous stranger in the hotel room during a recent business trip, I gained an increased desire to do it again. I was frustrated in my efforts because Craig's List got rid of their personal ads, so I wasn't sure how to find another willing male partner. It felt wonderful to have a dick in my mouth again after all these years and I wanted to have my mouth filled with cum again; the sooner the better.

My company sent me and a colleague to a conference where there would be trainings, seminars and vendors. It wasn't a big convention, not like the one's management goes to in Las Vegas. We got to go to a mid-sized mid-western city in March and it as friggin cold. It wasn't an expensive convention and I'm sure that's why my co-worker Peter and I got to go. The company was so cheap, they only booked one room for the both of us. Neither one of us were thrilled about the travel arrangements but we decided to make the best of it.

Peter and I had a lot in common. We had adjacent sales territories and sometimes had to work together with customers who may overlap our areas. There are times when we'd help each other close a deal on a tough customer. We were both in our 40's, facing mid-life crisis and had wives beginning menopause.

During the first day of the conference, we decided to split up going to seminars and meet up at the end of the day for dinner and to compare notes. The conference seminars weren't all that good and I couldn't wait for the day to be over. When Peter and I compared notes quickly in our room before dinner, we both agreed it was a waste of a day but we decided to have a nice dinner and drinks on the company's dime. It was too cold to go too far so we went to a steakhouse connected to the hotel.

Over dinner, we talked about our kids, work and commiserated about dealing with a wife going through the "change of life" as they call it. We felt bad for our wives but we all had to deal with not knowing exactly how they felt or what was going on. We also talked about getting older ourselves, gaining a few pounds, losing some hair and not being able to do a lot of things we used to do. We talked about some of the wild things we did when we were younger; the women we slept with, the alcohol, parties, being carefree and doing some things that were so dumb, we were lucky to be alive. 

We continued our conversation after dinner at the hotel bar. Peter was telling me about how his wife doesn't want to have sex that often anymore, something I could relate too. He then told me that his wife won't even suck his dick anymore.

I asked, "Really? She won't even give it an obligatory suck in foreplay?"

"No man, she won't even do that anymore."

"When was the last time your wife gave you a blow job Peter?"

"I don't know, maybe ten years ago?"

"Holy shit. My wife doesn't like it but she'll suck my dick before having sex. She won't swallow though."

Over more beer, our conversation then shifted to some of the best blow jobs we ever had. He was reminiscing about a couple of his former girlfriends that were great at giving head. I told him about a few of my old girlfriends too.

It must have been from all the beer I was drinking, but I just continued, "Actually, the best blow job I ever got was from another guy."

As soon as I said that, I wanted to take it back but it was too late. Peter laughed out loud, thinking I was joking but when he realized I was dead serious, he wanted to know more details.

I told him about a couple of buddies in college during our senior year. When we were in a drought with the women, I'd sometimes let them give me some head. 

"I think what made it better was they were sucking my dick because they wanted to, not because they felt they had to?"

I didn't want to say too much more being afraid of what he might think but he was curious. "I've heard some stories about guy's giving great blow jobs but never knew anyone that had first-hand experience or at least admitted to it."

"It hasn't happened since I started dating my wife, so it's been a while."

Peter then surprised me with the next question, "Did you suck their dicks?"

I stared at him with a blank look on my face. "Go ahead. You can be honest with me. I won't tell anyone."

I had never told anyone of my cocksucking college days and I don't know why I let this conversation continue but the only explanation was too many beers. "Well, um, yeah. I sucked their dicks a couple of times."

Peter now knew my deepest secret. I told him we were usually drunk or high when we'd do it. It was my way of trying to say I couldn't be held responsible for my youthful, drunken actions. We continued to talk about sex over another beer and checking out some of the women at the bar. We both admitted that even though we had our problems with our wives and sex, we'd never cheat on them with another woman.

We were both a little drunk when we decided to call it a night and go back to our room. I hoped my admission of having some bisexual experiences in college wouldn't make Peter feel uncomfortable. I was kicking myself for opening up my big mouth but we were both confiding in each other. In my mind, it was the alcohol that was responsible. I did feel bad for the guy though. I can't imagine not having my dick sucked in almost a decade.

Back in the room, we both said we wanted to take showers and I decided to go first. Peter said he was cool with nudity and didn't feel like we should hide from each other while sharing a room. He said he slept in the nude and didn't want me to feel uncomfortable. I was fine with that too, so I stripped off my clothes, taking the time to hang them up before taking a quick shower. When I got out, Peter was already nude and I couldn't help noticing his average sized dick and balls. I wondered what it tasted like but I caught myself quickly. I didn't want to jeopardize our friendship now, especially with my drunken confession earlier.

When Peter got out of the shower, I noticed that his dick had the very beginnings of an erection. I tried not to look but I kept glancing over at it.

Peter then asked me, "What was it like?"

"What was what like?"

"You know, sucking a dick?"

Oh shit, I didn't really want to continue this conversation but I couldn't be rude. "It wasn't bad. I was nervous the first time but after that, I kind of got into it."

His dick grew a little more. "Did you swallow?"

There was a sexual tension growing in the room along with other things. "Um, yeah. I know I liked it when someone would finish me off in their mouth, so it didn't occur to me not to."

Peter was half hard now and I was staring at his dick. He noticed me looking and said, "I'm sorry, but all this talk about blow jobs has had an effect on me."

I tried to make light of the situation, "I can see that." My dick was growing a little too, which I'm sure Peter had noticed.

He then said, "I don't know that I'd have the guts to do that. You know, put a cock in my mouth."

"It's not all that bad Peter. I kind of enjoyed it." I then thought to myself, "Why the fuck did you just say that?" Deep down, I knew why. 

He then asked, "Do you think you could do it again?"

I knew what he was hinting at and I shrugged my shoulders and said, "I don't know. If I did, I wouldn't want anyone to find out about it." 

The whole time my eyes would move from looking at Peter's face to his growing erection and I'm sure he noticed. I wasn't scared off by his noticeable excitement so he must have known I was at least open to the idea of sucking him off. We both knew where this was leading but neither one of us wanted to come right out and say it. 

Peter then said, "I wouldn't breathe a word of it to anyone Roy. I haven't had a blow job in a long time. I don't know if I could suck yours though."

He then stared at me like a little kid anxiously awaiting their parent's response to a question. I knew he really wanted a blow job. Getting one from a guy wasn't ideal but he saw an opportunity to get his first one in years. In truth, I wanted to suck his dick as much as he wanted me to. I felt sorry for him too.

"You can't tell anyone or I'll kill you."

"I promise Roy. What happens here, stays here."

I nervously approached Peter who, by now, had a full erection. I told him to sit down on the edge of the bed and I threw a pillow on the floor in front of him. I took a deep breath and knelt down hoping I made the right decision. This was much different than sucking off an anonymous stranger. Peter knew me, knew my family and worked with me. 

I started to rub his hairy thighs as I gathered up all my courage to suck off a colleague. By now, my desire to have his hard meat in my mouth got the best of me. I began to gently rub his balls with one hand while stroking his erection with the other. When I saw a couple of drops of pre-cum leaking from the tip, I instinctively leaned forward to lick them up, hearing a soft moan come out of Peter's mouth as my tongue swirled around the head.

I then leaned in to begin to lick his balls, then worked my way up his shaft, licking it and mouthing it while being careful not to lick the head. I turned my head sideways to rub his shaft with my wet lips. He was moaning louder now. I stared at his erection while stroking it. He had a beautiful cock and I had to have it. I began to lightly lick the head all over, then licked under the ridge. I let the head slide between my lips, sucking and licking it; savoring the taste and feel of his dick. Peter began to thrust a little bit and I let him. He wanted me to take more of him in my mouth so I began to bob in rhythm to him pushing himself deeper.

"That feels so good Roy. Keep it up."

Hearing those words of encouragement just made me want to please him even more. I used my tongue to work over his hard manhood as I took him deep into my throat. I cherished sucking on his hard meat as much as he cherished me doing it. I was now moaning along with him. I had my hands on his hips and part of his ass while I worked over the hard meat in my mouth.

I sucked his dick for at least ten minutes before I heard him say, "Keep going Roy. I'm going to cum."

I will never grow tired of hearing a man telling me he is about to cum in my mouth. My head bobbed in his lap waiting for the moment of truth. He was breathing faster and then he grabbed a hold of my head and thrust deeper into my throat while letting loose with a loud groan. I then felt the first wad of cum splash against my tongue followed quickly by several more. He had quite a load built up as he kept groaning and filling my mouth with his sperm which I gladly swallowed. When he was done cumming, I took his dick out my mouth and stroked it a little, squeezing the last couple of drops of cum out of him.

"That was the best blow job I've ever had Roy."

"Thanks Peter. I'm glad you enjoyed it."

I was proud of myself for satisfying him but I too had a full erection now. I stood up and began to touch myself a little. Heck, I was horny too from all this talk and cocksucking. I figured I'd end up jerking off but Peter surprised me.

"I'll give it a try if you want me to. I feel like I owe you now."

"I'm not one to turn down a blow job Peter."

We switched positions with Peter now kneeling before me. I could tell he was nervous and I encouraged him to take his time. He copied my moves, first stroking my thighs, then giving me a hand job. I could tell he was trying to gather up his courage to suck his first dick. I remember feeling apprehensive myself the first time. He stared and played with it for a few minutes before I put my hand behind his head to apply some gentle pressure. He knew it was time to start.

I saw him take a deep breath and lower his head, letting my hard dick slide between his virgin lips. His head began to bob as he stroked my dick. His teeth scraped me a couple of times and he apologized but kept sucking. He tried to take me deep in his throat but he gagged a couple of times and adjusted, only taking my dick about half way into his mouth. His tongue swirled around the head.

"Um, it feels good Peter."

He was enthusiastically sucking my dick now with no hint of apprehension. I kept giving him words of encouragement to let him know I was enjoying his cocksucking. I was close to cumming and told him but he never lifted his head. Peter kept sucking my dick. I then moaned as I shot the first wad of cum into his mouth followed by another and another. He still seemed surprised by my orgasm. He pulled his head off for a quick second to catch his breath but I splashed some cum on his face before he returned his mouth to my dick to finish me off. When he was done, he looked up at me with his face and lips covered with cum.

He smiled when I told him, "That was a great blow job Peter. You are a natural cocksucker."

"Thanks buddy. It was a different experience. Sperm doesn't taste that bad either.

It was late and we both wanted to get some sleep. I got a great night sleep after satisfying my desire to suck a dick again and even getting a blow job in return. It was certainly an unexpected turn of events that no one could have predicted.

The next morning, Peter must have felt a little strange about what had happened.

"Uh, Roy. About last night. We were both a little drunk and uh, things got a little weird between us. I mean, I enjoyed it, don't get me wrong but it's not going to happen again and no one needs to know either.'

"I understand. We had a lot to drink. Don't worry. My lips are sealed. It's not like either one of us would tell anyone. I don't want to ruin our friendship either. We'll just pretend it never happened."

We went for breakfast and talked about work. I had mixed feelings about the previous night. I enjoyed sucking another dick but now things were strange between Peter and me. I thought that's why blowing an anonymous stranger was probably better in the future but I didn't know how that was going to happen without Craig's List personal ads. I was more concerned that I had to spend two more nights with Peter with him feeling weird about us blowing each other.

I spent the day in more boring seminars and even skipped out on a couple so I could answer some emails and make a few calls to customers. Peter and I decided to go to dinner at a restaurant close to the hotel. He seemed fine. He no longer had that anguished look on his face and we had a normal conversation about our wives, kids and work.

After dinner we decided to get a couple of beers at the hotel bar. Peter started to look a little nervous and I asked him if everything was alright.

"Everything is fine. Can we talk about last night? I know we agreed not to bring it up again but I need to get something off my chest."

"Sure Peter. If you want to talk about it, that's fine by me." I was concerned about what he might say and hoped our friendship wasn't ruined.

"I know I was acting a little funny this morning but I had a difficult time dealing with what happened. I mean, when I was growing up doing things like that would get you ostracized by the rest of the guys I hung out with. Heck, they'd kick my ass."

I told Peter I completely understood. I went through some of the same feelings myself after the first time I sucked a dick.

He went on to say, "I think the part that bothered me the most is how much I enjoyed it. You gave me a great blow job buddy. I really appreciate it."

"Thanks. I'm glad you liked it."

In all honesty, I was more than glad. I was relieved. My mind immediately thought there might be another opportunity to blow him again.

He went on to say, "The odd part for me was I liked returning the favor too. I never thought I would enjoy having another man's dick in my mouth and swallowing his cum. My only regret is that I didn't have a beer to wash it down."

That made me laugh and I was glad there wasn't any tension between the two of us. There was only one thing left to resolve.

"Does that mean you want to do it again?"

"I will if you will. We could grab a six pack from the deli next door and head up to the room."

We finished our beers, bought our six pack and headed up to our room. When we got there, I suggested that we get naked and watch some porn on a laptop. We went through a few short videos of women giving blow jobs with some of them swallowing a load and others getting it sprayed on their faces.

We both kept an eye on each other's dicks as we were watching the videos. It was like watching a flower grow in time lapse photography. It only took a few videos for each of us to get full erections. While we both knew what was going to happen, neither one of us seemed to want to make the first move. I was a little surprised when Peter reached over to stroke my erection for a few moments, then leaned down and began to suck my dick. He wasn't feeling as apprehensive as last night and was blowing me with more confidence and enthusiasm which made it more pleasurable for me.

I encouraged him with some positive feedback, "Oh that feels great Peter. Keep sucking me just like that."

I kept telling him how good it felt as his head bobbed in my lap. I could tell he was enjoying giving me a blow job almost as much as I enjoyed receiving one. He must have sucked my dick for a good fifteen minutes before I could feel the sperm building in my balls. I then told him of my impending orgasm. His lips never left my cock as I began to release wad after wad of sperm into his mouth. He swallowed every last drop before releasing my dick from between his lips. He looked up at me with a smile, seemingly proud of his growing experience at cocksucking. He washed my cum down with a swig of beer.

Peter had a full erection and I knew it was my turn to return the favor. I gladly got down on my knees as he took my place on the edge of the bed. He opened his legs anxiously waiting for his blow job. I took a moment to enjoy the view of having his hanging balls and stiff cock right in front of my face. I took him into my hand and stroked him while leaning in to lick his balls. This was so much better than a quick blow and go. There was a personal connection and we both wanted to pleasure each other. I felt rushed during the blow and go but I now felt like I could take my time so we could both enjoy the blow job I was about to give. 

I spent a lot of time, licking, sucking and nuzzling his balls before playing with his shaft with my lips and tongue. Playing with the hard shaft of a cock is contrast to the soft head which is more sensitive to a good tonguing and the use of my lips. I spent some time concentrating on the ridge, then used my lips to suck on the head while flicking it with my tongue.

By now, Peter was begging me to take him into my throat but I teased him a little more before swallowing the entire length. My head began to slowly bob up and down on the hard cock in my mouth. I was making love to his dick with my mouth. Enthusiasm is the difference between a good blow job and a great one and I wanted this to be a great one. I was a little apprehensive last night when sucking him off because he was a colleague and I was holding back on how much I enjoy cocksucking. Now, there was no holding back and I felt free to fully enjoy it which made it better for Peter too.

My lips surrounded his dick while my tongue gave it extra attention as it slid in and out from between my lips. He kept telling me what a great cocksucker I was which made me proud and made me want to do even better. 
