 I met Ammad when he was an undergrad at college a few years ago, and knew I wanted to blow him almost straight away. At the time, he was an 18-year old virgin in heat, desperately looking to bed girls. He combined rugged good looks from his native Pakistan with a light, honey complexion more like the Greeks or Italians. His dark hair, soft but masculine features, creamy brown skin, and sporty, muscled physique used to get me wet all the time. Every time he flashed his smile, or I saw him in his gym shorts, I imagined his cut cock in my mouth, him sighing and moaning, slowly fucking my mouth. . .a fantasy to which I jerked off in my dorm room many nights.

Recently, he was visiting from overseas - he's a high flying consultant now, in his early 20s - and stayed with me overnight. He was even more good looking and definitely more muscular and confident now than I remembered. . .still clean cut, athletic, and boyishly masculine. I knew it was now or never.

Late after dinner on his last night, I pulled out the alcohol and started plying us both with drinks and talking about our time in school...to lower his guard and calm my nerves. I knew he would react very badly if this went wrong. The timing had to be just right. For those of you who've intentionally seduced a straight boy, you know what I'm talking about.

Several drinks later, we were both more relaxed. We talked about the fun we had in college, and he told me how he lost his virginity to a senior who invited him into her bed, and how much he enjoyed getting head.

"Any guy can get laid," Ammad said matter-of-factly, "But how many guys can get a girl to suck their dick, and taste their cum. That's hot. I like making them swallow," he laughed. "They don't like it, but they do it," he continued, smiling. "I've made girls cry sometimes," he finished, lust and pride in his voice. I asked him casually how often he got laid where he was now based. 

"It's great, man. . .I get it four, five times a week!" He smiled and grabbed his crotch proudly. 

"So you're in a relationship, then?" I pushed, gently. 

"No, dude. . .different girls. It's awesome!" He slurred. I was super turned on by this beautiful young stud's sexual appetite. 

"I've got something you'll enjoy, then", I almost stammered, as I lowered the lights and put on a straight porn video. 

"Damn, that's hot," he smiled. "Making me horny, dude!" He giggled in his drunken haze, and started watching the video intently. Gradually, he grew quieter, more focused and intent. Several minutes later I gathered my nerves and suggested we rub one out together. The alcohol made things easier. I rolled down my boxers, already wet with precum, and started jerking off slowly, pretending to be really into the video. I saw him dart awkward glances in my direction, giggling sheepishly.

"Come on, man!" I teased playfully, gently, a few minutes later. 

"Fuck it," he slurred and unzipped his jeans and pushed them down to his knees, revealing his fitted, light grey Gap briefs and a noticeable lump between his muscled thighs. I pretended not to look as he slid his briefs off, just enough to release his erect cock, which swung out immediately. He started playing with his head, and sighed. He hadn't showered since the morning, and the ripe smell of his pubes mixed with a hint of fresh soap hung in the air. I couldn't take it anymore. 

"Fuck, that's hot," I whispered, jerking and looking at the video. "Why don't you lie down on the sofa. . .be more comfortable," I suggested, so turned on, I was barely coherent. I gently steered him to lie back and in doing so, he got rid of his jeans with his feet, leaving his briefs at the knees. 

"Yeah, that's better," he sighed. I waited a couple of minutes before I came out with it: "Let me jerk you off, man...see how it feels," I ventured. He eyed me suspiciously, but he was also very drunk and horny - this is how straight guys are usually seduced - so he seemed to consider it. "You're not gay, are you?" He slurred, and laughed, still watching the video. 

"No way, man. . .it's just more fun sometimes," I managed. 

"No, dude," he responded. He closed his hand around his cock and started jerking off, watching the video. A few minutes later I gathered my courage and gently pulled on his briefs.

"Dude, I said no!" He managed, and tried to resist by drawing in his legs. 

"Fuck, I'm just trying to get you more comfortable, you ass!" I joked. He sighed and relented. I peeled his briefs off his muscled thighs and calves, and off his feet. I then spread his legs a bit, noting with growing lust the ringlets of dark, curly pubic hair surrounding his large scrotum, and finally reached over and touched his thick, brown cock. Ammad flinched.

"What the fuck, dude?" I'm not into that shit!" He slurred forcefully. 

"Let me show you a good time, man!" was all I could stutter, as I continued to seek contact with his cock through his hand.

"Fuck it," he muttered, then pulled away his own hand, leaving me to stroke it. His cock was slightly wet from his precum. He flinched again and drew in his breath as I touched his most private parts, breathing heavily.

"Fuckin' jerk it," he whispered, his head turned sideways toward the video. I complied, bringing myself closer to his genitals, totally turned on by his thick, creamy inner thighs, peppered with dark hair, and moist, brown scrotum. I started jerking him faster, as he sighed and his ripped abdomen began to flex, rising and falling with his heavy breathing. Finally, when I could tell he was totally distracted, I leaned down - slowly so he wouldn't notice - and took his perfectly shaped cock head in my mouth, sucking hard. Ammad was caught by surprise; he moaned loudly as his cock released fresh precum into my mouth. I almost passed out as I took in the musky smell and taste of his beautiful, edible genitalia.

"Shit, man!" he slurred and tried to extricate himself, but I was firmly between his legs. I quickly began showering his head with soft kisses and licks to show how much I wanted to worship him. The feel and taste of his cut cock - he must have been about 7 inches - was phenomenal. A soft and swollen mushroom head, coated with sweet precum. I used my tongue to tickle his glans, kissing and licking his head softly while using my hand to jerk him off. Then, I did what every stud wants: I deepthroated him, holding his cock as far in my mouth as I could take. Ammad moaned again, this time more loudly...and started slowly fucking my mouth, rhythmically raising his ass to thrust in, again and again, his head turned away toward the helpful video. I moaned as more precum leaked from his cock slit into my mouth.

"Fuck!" he swore, and tried again to push me away with his hands, but it was too late. Now he was too close. The young stud started bucking in my mouth, just as I'd always imagined. I quickened my pace, deepthroating him, making him squirm and moan. 

"Oh shit...I'm cumming. . .oh fuck, I'm cumming in your mouth, I'm cumming in your mouth!" He moaned as he tensed, and then, bucking in my mouth like a stallion in heat, he gripped my head, closed his legs tightly around my ears, and began to spray. Warm jets of sweet cum hit the inside of my mouth and throat, as my gorgeous stud threw back his head, his face contorted as if in pain, eyes tightly closed, moaning and quivering, and released his seed, his pelvis jerking spasmodically as he humped my mouth, until he was spent. 

It may sound funny, but in those few seconds that he gripped me with his legs and kept my head in place as he thrust and ejaculated in my mouth, I felt he was more mine than any girl he had ever bedded. There was a quality of intimacy about the way he gave himself completely to me...and I felt very powerful about being the first guy to bring this straight, handsome young boy to such a state of complete surrender. It was a privilege to know that no other guy had been where Ammad had just allowed me to go.

By the time he let go, his cock was soft in my mouth. He turned away, his eyes closed. "How was that?" I asked.

"Intense," he muttered.