 I first met Louis Esposito when I was twenty four, with many unfulfilled fantasies about being with a guy. Trouble was, I only seemed to be attracted to straight guys. There is something about the complete impossibility of blowing and tasting a masculine, clean-cut, heterosexual boy that I find irresistible. So I was firmly in the closet...but little did I know that I would soon surprise myself. 

Louis was in my cohort of twenty recent grads from business school - all young, straight, and good looking boys – who were taken to a retreat in upstate New York for three nights. It was the middle of a hot summer, and we spent our days outdoors, playing team-building games. I quickly noticed that Louis was quiet, thoughtful, and very smart. He was a beautiful boy, of Hispanic descent, about five feet nine, and a proportionate 160 pounds. He had a firm, young body, a healthy honey complexion, dark hair, and a shy, killer smile. He wore these white shorts that showed off his tanned, muscled legs to great effect. We got along well. I learned that he was recently married and the father of a young child. My excitement at his unavailability grew. I found myself wondering if he was cut or uncut, and day dreamed about the size, shape, texture, smell, feel, and taste of his cock. I wanted him – and badly. My opportunity came sooner than I expected.

On our last night at the retreat the cohort stayed at the bar, drinking heavily. By the time I called it a night, most of us were drunk and exhausted. As I headed up to my room, I noticed Louis a few steps behind me. Seeing him alone and vulnerable in his semi-drunken state, something possessed me. I let him catch up with me outside my room. "Come in and hang out for a while?" I smiled. Louis hesitated. "I should call it a night," he said, smiling politely. "Come on, only for a while?" I opened the door and smiled, grateful for the alcohol that had lowered my inhibitions. Louis relented, and sank into a chair across from my bed. After a few minutes of small talk and another drink, while I sneaked peeks at his full, sumptuous thighs, I decided it was now or never. My heart pounding, I asked, "Louis, would you like to have some fun?"

"What do you mean?" he slurred, his eyes half closed. 

"How about a movie?" It was a lame effort, but the best that I was capable of in the moment.

"Dude, I'm gonna sleep. I should go." He made as if to rise, but I gently steered him to the bed and he sat, then lay down, his legs still on the ground. I quickly started an adult movie from the hotel's online library. Louis, his eyes half-closed, turned his head to watch. This was my chance, I thought. Slowly, I unbuttoned his white shorts. He turned back at me and made as if to resist. 

"What are you doing?" he slurred. 

"Just want you to have some fun," I coaxed, and gently started pulling his shorts to his knees. He was wearing white briefs, and I could see a tell-tale lump and a few pubic hairs underneath. I was already hooked. Could this really be happening? 

"Dude, no," he resisted, trying to raise himself and reach for his shorts.

"Louis, please let me do this. I promise you'll enjoy it and no-one has to know."

Something about this reassurance seemed to calm the young stud. He hesitated, then lay back down, and sighed. I quickly lowered his shorts to his ankles, removed his trainers, and pulled his shorts off completely. Moving back up, I kissed his inner thighs, taking in the faint smell of his pubic musk. He was totally hot. Fearing that he might change his mind any moment, I peeled off his briefs, my heart racing, and exposed the most perfectly shaped, uncut cock I have ever seen. It lay sideways, sleeping on his large, hairy scrotum. Louis was gorgeous between his legs. He started breathing heavily, his firm core rising and falling.

I parted Louis' thighs and raised his legs onto the bed for better access to this stud. He continued to watch the movie, his head turned sideways. The ripe smell of his beautiful genitals now hung in the air – he had not showered after running around the whole day, and I could not be more grateful. It was the sweet, heavy smell of overripe fruit. I moved in, kissing the head of his cock in a gesture of total submission. I then licked his balls, and lifted them gently to smell the most private space between his legs. If I could, I would have stayed there forever. He was moist and mildly pungent, and I flicked my tongue to taste his perineum. Salty, with a hint of cheese. Fuck, he was hot. Above, Louis moaned softly.

I noticed that he was now partially erect, his swollen cock head showing within his foreskin. He must have been about six inches. I pulled back his foreskin and took his cock in my mouth. "Ohhh, fuck," Louis whispered slowly. He hardened, throbbing in my mouth. It was thrilling to know that I was the first guy to perform fellatio on this magnificent young boy, that Louis had allowed me to go where only women had gone before. I applied quick strokes with my mouth, using my hand to jerk him off. Louis started moving, raising his ass rhythmically to give me his cock.

I was emboldened by his desire. "Fuck my face, Louis," I said.

Louis was drunk, tired, and very pliable at this point. I made him get on all fours on the bed, facing the video, while I crawled underneath and lay on my back, level with his throbbing dick. Then, I put my hands on his muscled buttocks and guided him into my mouth. Louis sighed heavily and started bucking shamelessly, his cock touching the base of my throat, his balls slapping against my chin. 

"Ohhh god, you're good," he groaned again and again, as he watched the video intently. His breathing became shallower, his thrusts more assertive. Every now and then he would slow down, pause, then resume his thrusts. Suddenly, I tasted something new in my mouth...something mildly salty...and realized with a thrill that Louis was now leaking precum. I was tasting the very essence of this boy, and he didn't even know that he was leaking precious cream into my mouth. For several minutes I was in heaven, my hands feeling his muscled, undulating ass and my mouth tasting his fresh precum. Suddenly, Louis' thrusts became irregular and he stiffened. 

"I'm gonna cum," he whispered, still watching the video, and pulled out his cock, jerking it inches from my mouth. 

"I'm gonna cum," he said again, then moaned, "Ohhh fuck, ohhh shit," spurting powerful jets of warm cum into my waiting mouth. Louis came again and again, moaning softly, filling my mouth with his salty juice. I was aware of the faint smell of ammonia. When his spurts subsided, I pushed him down to take his cock in my mouth again. He twitched, as I sucked on his sensitive head, sucking from it his remaining cream.

After a few minutes, Louis turned over and collapsed on my bed, breathing heavily.