 It was a nice warm summer night, and was at a friend's place sitting around the fire pit talking with friends. Beer was flowing and everyone was having a good time. When it got later, all had gone except the host, my friend and I. Then the host went to bed leaving the two of us. We were pretty loose, and talking about sex. Somehow, we got to talking about threesomes and bisexuality. I told him that I had experienced a threesome, and I was bi-curious. He said that he was bi-curious too, so I took the impulse and walked over to him and put my hand on his crotch, rubbing his cock and balls. At first he looked shocked, but made no movement to object or stop what I was doing. I suggested to him that he drop his pants, and after a second or two hesitation, he did just that. I knelt down in front of him and pulled down his boxers. 

His cock was rapidly growing larger, a beautiful curving erection begging for contact with my mouth and tongue. I was immediately attracted to his cock, what I wanted to do to it, and what I wanted to see and taste come out of it. My mind was obsessed with pleasing him. As soon as I kissed and licked his tip, I heard him groan quietly, and saw his head fall back. It really turned me on to know how much pleasure I was giving him. Knowing the feeling he was experiencing, I knew exactly what he wanted. I licked his seam from bottom to top a few times, then licked his balls and sucked them into my mouth, running my tongue around them a few times. I felt his hands gently resting on my shoulders, and knew I was doing things that he liked.

Then I licked up his seam once more, and put just the head in my mouth. I felt him tense up with pleasure, and slowly lowered my mouth all the way to the base of his horny cock. I bobbed up and down a few times, then did a lick up his seam again. I repeated this several times, then heard him taking deep, short breaths. I knew we had to try to be quiet, and that he was close to cumming. I cupped his balls with one hand, and speeded up my head bobbing, and was rewarded with a mouthful of his wonderful, tasty cum. I slowed down, but kept sucking him until he stopped pumping, and gradually slowed down until I thought he had cum down enough for me to release him. He thanked me very much, and I told him he was welcome. He got dressed, and it was like nothing out of the ordinary had happened. I left shortly after that, as it was late and I didn't have far to go.

The next morning, I was awakened by a tapping on my bedroom window. It was him again, so with a bit of a hangover, I got dressed and went outside. He told me that he really enjoyed last night, and woke up this morning hornier than ever before. He wanted me to go for a ride with him into the bush, which I did. He found a secluded spot, and told me that he wanted to repay me for last night. He indeed thought he was bisexual, and couldn't think of a nicer guy to try and find out with. So I dropped my pants, and he squatted down, taking my cock into his mouth. It did indeed feel great, but I had a headache strong enough that I knew I wouldn't be able to cum, so I told him to stand, drop his pants and I sucked his cock again. I sure looked good in the daylight! 

A few months later, he invited me over to watch a couple of porn movies. We drank beer, made jokes and criticized the movies, when he suggested that if I wanted to masturbate, it would be perfectly fine, and that he wanted to do so to. So we got undressed and started stroking ourselves. I was getting very horny watching him stroke his cock, so I offered him a blowjob. He suggested we go to his bed where we could be more comfortable. On his bed, we ended up in a 69 position, and he followed my lead. Everything I did to him, he did to me. Exactly mimicking my speed, movements, moans, everything. Then I had him get on his back, got between his legs, put my hands under his bum, and got serious about milking his cock. 

Soon he was groaning with pleasure, and I felt what seemed like a quart of cum pulsing into my grateful mouth. He went totally silent for a while as I kept sucking and eating his cum. I milked all the cum out of his cock, licking every last drop out of him and cleaning his cock with my tongue. It was then that he told me that I damn near made him pass out! I took that as a great compliment, and was very proud. We go up a few minutes later, and rubbed the tips of our cocks on each other, felt each others balls and massaged them, and stroked each others cocks. We both kept saying things such as "God that's hot" and "Ooooo, that feels good" and "You have a beautiful cock". 

It was a dream world. But throughout it all, for some unknown reason, I could not get fully erect, I could get close, about 90%, but could not come. Probably the beer dammit. He wanted to to screw him bum, but I was not hard enough to penetrate him, and neither him me. I still had a great time, and know that we will get together again soon. I have this great vision in my head of him walking towards me with his delicious upwards curved cock pointing proudly towards the ceiling, bobbing and waving as he walks! I gotta have more.