 This is my third story, a chance encounter before meeting the beautiful black man I would settle in to gratifying exclusively for a wonderful couple of years. My next stories will be of him, and some new things he introduced me to. But I wanted to squeeze this one in. It was a onetime thing but it was great fun!

*

This is the story of a man whose interest in oral sex had grown to an obsession with the perfect blowjob that he had never quite found despite his wealth and access to women, and to those who did such things professionally. He owned me for a night, and I'd like to think I was the one who finally satisfied his perfect fantasy.

As a submissive oral servant to men, I'm attracted to mature men who are not afraid to instruct and guide me as I surrender myself to their control. So far, I've never had a single unpleasant moment or had to tell a man to stop anything he was doing. Most "taking control" has been in the form of men instructing me with commands like "Put your tongue here" or "Lick my balls" or "Get on your knees for me", "Open your mouth", "Swallow my cum", etc. I submit with intense pleasure as they guide my head, face fuck me, cum all over my face, jack off in my open mouth and on my tongue, and assume any position they desire to put me in. There seems to be no end to the variety of ways a man will lose his inhibitions once he realizes my submissive oral persona is his to do with as he pleases.

But in the case of the gentleman in this story, I've never in my life seen anyone so incredibly specific and precise about how he wanted me to serve at his cock. I had returned from Chicago after quitting a job I knew I would hate. I was still young and fascinated at how older men seemed to be able to spot me a mile away. So I headed for a nearby upscale bar rumored to be frequented by older, more conservative men looking for sex; a bar where I had a fair chance of hooking up with a straight man. 

I was small for my age, feminine and had a pleasing, pretty face and a beautiful, sensual mouth. If you're straight, and looking for oral sex, boys like me are much easier to ply then women, and many men seemed to have discovered this. 

It didn't take long to receive a proposition from an older man, and I mean a proposition in the true sense. He was tall, some extra padding that I loved about older men, graying but a thick head of short hair with an expensive cut. He was maybe fifty and wearing a suite of cloths that looked to cost what I made in six month. He asked if he could sit at my table and introduced himself only as Jack. I always gave my real name and introduced myself as David. I love to hear a man moan my real name as I suck his cock. We chatted for a while and he asked if I liked older me. That I liked men was apparently obvious to him. Of course I was trying to be easy to spot! I told him that I loved older and was strongly attracted to him the moment I saw him.

"So what do you like to do with older men?" he inquired.

"Only giving head," answered. "And I'm really in to that!"

"That sounds wonderful," he declared. "Do you like me enough to consider treating me to a blow job tonight?"

"I like you enough to consider treating you to a blow job ALL night!" I exclaimed with a smile.

We left the bar and went to his very nice, upscale hotel room. As we settled down with drinks he began to describe what he wanted. 

He confessed to me his raging oral fetish. He was a true coinsure of head with an almost pathological ritualistic progression of how he wanted to live out the entire experience. After his vivid descriptions of what he wanted me to do, I found myself incredibly aroused at the prospect of being his "leading boy" in what was an experience he had scripted in his mind over and over, and had never quite found anyone who learned his or her lines to perfection. Since my fetish was a perfect complement to his, I had no hesitation about accommodating his request.

"I'm definitely the right boy for you," I assured him. "I'll do everything exactly as you want me to."

He spoke with the precision and diction of a highly educated gentleman and it was clear he had much to protect. He told me he was married and that no one had ever gratified his fantasy of the perfect blowjob. Though he had used professional call girls he had found them wholly inadequate for his purposes.

"I'm very submissive," I confessed to him. "My pleasure comes from confident, demanding men who are comfortable taking control of me."

"I have one other demand," He stated. "I will pay you five hundred dollars but you must follow my instructions precisely" I had never consider taking money for sex and was not about to start now.

"I don't take money for sex." I answered.

"Don't think of it that way," He replied. "This is not about prostitution; it's about my need to feel as though I own you for the night. It's part of the fantasy for me. Believe me you will earn it. You must take the money. Donate it if you're uncomfortable but I must insist on paying for you. I need to feel as though I have a right to do as I please with you and the money assures that for me."

"Ok, but it's still just oral sex," I clarified. "I'm happy to do anything you want as long as it's limited to oral sex."

"That's exactly what I want from you," He assured me.

"Do you get high?" He asked. "It greatly enhances my pleasure and allows me to stay very close to orgasm for sustained periods, and gives me long powerful orgasm but you need not participate if you do not wish to."

"Are you kidding?" I asked. "I'd love to get stoned with you and your cock!"

We chatted as we loaded and smoked two bowls of some incredibly good stuff. I melted into the best high I'd ever experienced. I was very pleasantly stoned and completely relaxed and comfortable with him.

"I'm ready for my close-up Jack," I said is a sexy feminine voice. 

We both laughed. I knew he was going to "direct" me in his own epoch oral production and I was melting into my role as his submissive little cock-sucker.

"I'm ready whenever you want to start," I told him. 

He pulled a blue, very expensive looking full-length silk robe from his bag and told me to go change in to it. It had an exotic oriental look and it felt wonderful against my skin, the perfect costume for my role. When I came out of the bathroom the sight of me in the robe seemed to snap him into his fantasy.

He walked over to the bed and removed a pillow. He came over to where I was standing and dropped the pillow between us. 

"Go to your knees in front of me," He demanded with a look of serous focus. 

Act one had begun and my only responsibility now was to follow my director. I had a wonderful buzz and I found myself pleasantly immersed in this role already so aroused that my breath was shaking and my heart was pounding hard. 

He stood a full foot over me. I slowly sank to my knees before him until I was kneeling on the pillow, face slightly below his crotch. He had already removed his shoes and as he pulled off his jacket, his role as director had begun. 

"Slowly undo my slacks and take them all the way down," He instructed.

I unhooked the clasp of his belt, unbuttoned his slacks and pulled his zipper down. Just the sound of his zipper sent a shiver through me. I ran my hands around the inside of the waist band and began working his pants off his hips until they were loose enough to drop to the floor. As I did this, he removed his tie never taking his eyes from me, then slowly removed cuff links, removed his shirt to reveal his full, masculine hairy, upper body. I feasted on him standing over me naked except for a pair of white cotton briefs. He was beautiful. His thick legs were strong and covered in dark hair. He had a bear-man build, a nice middle aged belly that I loved and his upper body and forearms were also covered with dark hair, just a little gray here and there. I leveled my eyes and face to his crotch and saw that his briefs were filled with a well-defined cock and balls; a bulging, full lump of flesh not yet erect. 

"Now, put your hands on my hips and just start teasing me through my underwear with your face and mouth." 

The whole time I did this he was staring straight down, eyes fixed on what I was doing to him. I moved my face slowly into the mound of flesh in his briefs. I could feel the heat of his body on my face as I moved in. He smelled of the pleasant musk of his arousal and expensive, masculine cologne. My body coursed with a warm wave of pleasure at the feel and smell of him so intimately close now. I began to kiss and nibble at his cock through the white cotton, rubbing my face around and under his balls, covering them with my open mouth and blowing my hot, moist breath through the fabric of his underwear. After a couple of moments of this he continued:

"Pull my underwear down, slowly all the way." 

As I did so, his cock and balls came in to full view. His dick was hanging loose but full with a large head that was beginning to swell. His cock was draped over a set of hairy balls hanging low and loose between his legs. He stepped out of his slacks and underwear and adjusted his position in front of me.

His cock was beautiful, powerful and I shuddered with anticipation. He stepped closer to me so that his cock was only an inch from my mouth as I looked up at him in anticipation of his next instruction. I was in that wonderful position I relished so much, on my knees in complete submission to a real man who was about to indulge himself on a pretty young boy who was all his for the night.

"Now...," he instructed with precision, "Hold my ass in your hands. I want you to kiss and lick my body, all around, my legs, my stomach and work your way in toward my cock, then just kiss it and lick it lightly, but keep my ass in your hands while you do it."

I couldn't believe the level of specificity of his instructions, but this slow, torturous ritual was overwhelmingly erotic for me. With the heightened sensitivity of the buzz, I savored every touch of my tongue and mouth on him, his smell, his heat, the taste of his skin; I was ready to spend hours obedient to his slightest whim. I slowly brought my arms around his hips and placed my hands on his ass. His ass was firm and smooth and I massaged his cheeks lightly as I began to introduce his body the moist heat of my mouth and tongue he wanted so desperately.

I rose up on my knees and began gently kissing and licking his belly. His skin felt and tasted wonderful under my tongue. I love exploring a man's body this way. Slowly, I moved down his right side licking and mouthing his thigh down to where the end of his cock hung. His breathing began to deepen and he sighed each time my tongue ran along his hairy flesh. I slide my face over to his left thigh and worked my way back up to his belly. From there, I slid my mouth licking and kissing down to the line of his pubic hair and began to rub my face lightly across his thick pubic mound. His scent was wonderful. I slid my face down nuzzling between his cock and thigh and slid my tongue into the crevice formed by his inner thigh and ball sack. Jutting my tongue into the warm, moist flesh, I felt his heat on my face and the slight salty taste of him on my tongue. I moved to the other side and did the same for him. 

His cock was now starting to become erect. Still holding his hips, I began to lightly kiss and lick the length of the topside of his hanging cock from the tip of his head to the thick bush of hair at its base. 

"Now bring your mouth to my balls," he instructed. 

I lowered my head and moved under him as he took a wider stance. His balls hung free as his cock was lifting to full erection with each throb of arousal that coursed through his loins. I nuzzled my mouth up into his balls, kissing and licking as I explored his loose sack with my face. The sensation was indescribable as I caressed his scrotum with my tongue and mouth, looking up past his now hard cock to see the line of his stomach and chest towering over me. Here I was again, in a state of complete surrender to the overwhelming spell of masculine power, virility and sexual arousal, helpless in my obsession with the erotic pleasure of complete subjugation to a man's sexual dominance over me.

He was moaning quietly with pleasure as he watched me lavish my full attentions on him. His sack felt so hot, so moist against my face and mouth. I licked and kissed the hairy loose skin as I took in the scent of the natural musk pouring off the wrinkled folds of his large bag of flesh.

"That's absolutely perfect baby, you're doin' great," he said. "Now, take my dick in your hand and slowly lick and kiss underneath it starting at my balls and work your way up to the head. When you get to the head, just lick and kiss it right underneath. Just work that area until I tell you to stop." 

My god he was truly obsessed with this ritual. I was enthralled in his desire to extract his exacting, excruciating pleasure from me. His cock was now so hard the veins and head were bulging thick and purple. The skin of his cock was fleshy and generous, the smooth flesh of his cock head stretched tight and gleaming. I held the base of his cock in my hand and found that his girth was such that the fingers and thumb of my small hand did not quite reach. I slowly licked and kissed the underside of the base of his dick as I moved a quarter of an inch at a time toward the head. As I approached the sensitive area under his cock head, I knew exactly what he was about to feel, so I wet my lips and pressed them lightly right against that spot all men seem to have. He let out a long sigh. As I moved my lips away I lightly ran my tongue around that concentration of nerves. He gasped and I knew I'd found the right spot. I pressed my tongue flat against him and began alternately licking and sucking the loose skin. His breath was shuddering as he moaned. 

"Ya baby, that's it, right there, that's perfect. Just keep doin' that for a while."

I was in ecstasy. I could feel the unbearable pleasure slowly escalating in him as his body responded to every tiny movement of my mouth and tongue. I set a slow, steady rhythm of caressing him and it was exactly what he wanted. I was content to stay like this for as long as he needed to get to whatever level of euphoria he was seeking. 

After a few moments, he continued his precise instructions, "Now place the tip of your tongue under the ridge of my cock head and slowly trace all the way around it just under the ridge a few times." 

His cock head had a large mushroom shape with a very high ridge and I really enjoyed running my tongue slowly under the rim of it. He stared down at my tongue tracing the ridge of his swollen head as though astonished at the vision.

"Okay," he continued, "Now just open your mouth and hold your tongue out for me David." As I did so, he took my head in one hand and his cock in the other. He positioned my head to one side and began to slowly rub the underside of his hard cock across my mouth and tongue. He held my head firmly in position.

"Don't move," He instructed. "Stay perfectly still while I do this."

He controlled his masturbation using my tongue with a delicate accuracy metering exactly how much stimulation he was receiving. His body was twitching and his breathing was rapid, expelling long whooshing sounds. He was staring down directly at his dick on my mouth, completely transfixed by what was apparently for him and incredibly erotic sight. He seemed on the verge of exploding his cum across the room, but I knew he was just enjoying the control. He liked getting right to the very edge and just hanging there for as long as he could. 

I had discovered that a man will often relish this form of control, teetering on the edge as he gazes at my mouth ready to accept his ejaculation, imagining his cock erupting as I offer my wide open mouth to catch his sperm as he watches me lovingly take his semen. I love these tests men do to see how willing I am to receive their cum, me not certain if that moment had arrived and them transfixed by my uncertainty as they threaten to unload in a violent burst from a hard cock aimed directly into my open mouth. For men who enjoy complete dominance, this moment fills them with power and that power over me is my absolute joy as a submissive. My pleading eyes gave him his answer.

"Hold perfectly still," he whispered slowly as he placed just a small area of his cock on my tongue, rubbing lightly then lifting it away to maintain a delicate balance of near orgasm. He was euphoric in the vision of me waiting...anticipating his eruption as my eyes begged for his sperm in my open mouth.

I remained perfectly still as he indulged himself in his erotic imaginings of how it would look if his powerful, spurting cock were to drench my mouth and face. Finally, with a long exhale he pulled his dick away from my mouth. "Lick my balls all over David," he commanded. "Bath every square inch of my balls with your tongue."

He held his cock up clear of my face. I licked and sucked his balls as he backed away for the brink of orgasm. I lavished his entire skin sack with my eager mouth, cleaning the pungent taste and scent of his arousal from him; a taste so similar to cum that I longed for the moment I would hold a mouth full of his sperm and taste his complete gratification.

"Let's take a break" he said. 

We sat on the sofa together and smoked another bowl. I was stoned as hell by now and just sat there starring at his beautiful cock. I'd truly enjoyed being pain stakingly directed by a man who was living out some lifelong obsession with the perfect oral experience. The fantasies were now swirling wildly through my progressively more stoned mind as it raced ahead to imagine just what it would be like when he finally exploded in my mouth. What position would we be in? How would he want me to take his cum? Where would my hands be? What would his cum taste like? I knew that when the moment of his orgasm arrived it would be as precisely choreographed as the entire evening had been. I wanted him to know that I would lovingly allowing him to pump my mouth full of his semen as I moaned in the pleasure of acceptance. He had a long and precise scenario to play out and he knew exactly when and how he wanted to explode in the prefect orgasm. I was determined to be the first to take him there.

He broke the silence, "Are you ready for scene two?" 

My words came shaky and breathless, almost begging, "Yes, tell me what you want me to do for you."

Without a word he stood and positioned himself in front of the pillow we had left on the floor. His cock was sticking straight out, veins bulging, huge purple head so swollen that it glistened in the light. 

In barely a whisper he commanded "Come back over here and go to your knees again." 

I rose from the sofa and took my place at his cock. He pushed my head back and slid the shaft of his cock down my face until my mouth was once again directly under the head of his dick. 

"Lick it like before David," he commanded. 

Again, I began licking and sucking the loose skin just under the head of his dick. This time, he slowly pushed and pulled the skin of his cock up and down so that on his up stroke, I had a generous gathering of his cock skin at my mouth. 

"Each time I do that", he instructed, "suck all the skin into your mouth, then when I pull it back, use just your tongue on me". 

We did this for several minutes. He was now whimpering as he watched my mouth conform to his precise instruction as he slowly pushed and pulled the sheath of his cock. I could feel his whole body responding to the pleasure I was giving him. 

"That's so good baby, so perfect, that feels so good. I'm gonna cum in you so hard," he sighed as he once again pulled away. "Are you ready to suck my cock?" he asked. 
