 I answered his ad on Craigslist. It was titled "black male looking for blowjob". There were pictures of him from the neck down showing his perfect, dark skinned, heavily muscled and tattooed body and his glorious, seemingly 10 inch, very thick cut black cock. I knew I had to have it. 

I emailed him saying I was a white faggot bottom and I'd do anything for the chance to please him. He responded and we went back and forth a few times. He said he couldn't have anyone over. I didn't want him to come to my place till I knew him. He suggested a bathroom in a local coffee shop where he'd apparently gotten blowjobs from faggots before. I'd never done anything in a public place like that yet but I agreed. I figured I'd at least go meet him. 

I arrived when and where he told me to but he was about twenty minutes late. He walked in and saw me. He didn't say a word. Just motioned towards the bathroom. He went in, didn't close the door all the way and I followed. Two young girls saw it happened and I was so humiliated. My pathetic cock that was limp from nervousness sprung to life from the humiliation. He locked the door and looked at me. In his very deep voice, he told me to get on my knees. 

He unzipped and pulled down his pants and underwear. His cock was half hard and at least 7 inches already. I stared at it for a moment before I took the head in my mouth. It tasted strong and musky. I don't think he had showered that day. I licked it all over. Tasting him. Breathing him in. I felt it get hard in my mouth. I pulled back and looked at his throbbing hard cock. So big. So thick and veiny and so so hard. I took it back in my mouth and tried to take it deep but it was so thick. I took his hand and put it on the back of my head and he got the idea. 

He pushed me down on it. I felt him entering my throat, stretching it. He pushed more. It hurt and I knew my throat would be sore the next day but I needed it. I needed his perfect black cock deep inside my whore throat. I gagged hard, saliva shooting out the corners of my mouth and some out my nose I'll I felt his public hair on my nostrils.

He held me there. Gagging, slobbering. There's no way the girls sitting nearby outside the door didn't hear it. He let go of my head and I backed off. Panting. Drooling. All over my chin, dripping down my shirt. I didn't think about the mess I'd make and how I'd have to walk out of there obviously having just sucked a mans cock. I only cared about the cock. I went back on it. Taking it balls deep with each thrust. Gagging each time it stretched my throat open. He held me down and I pushed my tongue out to lick his balls. The drool flowed now. He let go and pumped in and out my throat. Harder and faster. Gagging and choking and slobbering. He pulled out till just the head was in my mouth and told me to jerk it and not move. I did. Stroking his slimy wet cock until he exploded. Filling my mouth with strong tasting, thick cum. So much it leaked out the corners of my lips. He grunted as he shot the last of it and pulled out. 

"Show me faggot" he said. I leaned back and opened wide and showed him my mouth full of cum. He leaned over me and spit into my mouth. 

"Swallow bitch", and I did. There was so much of it. It took three gulps to take it down. 

He zipped up, opened the door and left, not closing it behind him. There I was, on my knees covered. I got up and closed the door before anyone saw me. I looked at myself in the mirror. I was disgusting. Eyes red. My face soaked from tears and spit and cum. My shirt too. I did my best to wipe it off and wash my face but I was a mess. I left the bathroom and quickly walked out. There weren't many people there but every eye was on me, including the two young girls who were openly laughing. 

I ran to my car and drove home where I stripped down to the purple lace thong I was wearing, promptly shoved my dildo up my ass and fucked myself hard and fast till I exploded, cum shooting all the way up to my neck. I licked up every drop before I laid down exhausted and slept. Dreaming of cock.