 The wife and I were at a swingers club having a good time. We'd played with a few couples and even squared off 1-1 with a couple or two. There was one guy there that night that was giving off the "I'm BI and I'm a bottom" vibe and there was others that seemed to pick up on that vibe as well as I did. One of them was one of the guys' that we'd been playing with earlier that night. Joe was joking with me, that he bet that if we asked that guy to join us, we could both get a blowjob or maybe more from him. 

I asked Joe if he was BI and he said he was but only for getting another guy to blow him. He wasn't going to return the favor. I asked him if he'd ever fucked a guy and he said a few times but preferred women. He then asked me, and I told him that I had tried it all and there have been a few men to get me to cum by blowing me, most can't and just get me even hornier and harder than before they started. So they end up either letting me fuck their ass to cum or not cumming in my mouth when I end up sucking them. Joe joked that he'd keep that in mind.

Well I lost the toss and went over to where this guy and his wife was sitting and started talking to them. They were a great couple and actually lived close by to the wife and I. I made up an excuse to get him away from her by asking him to come out to the lobby so I could find a piece of paper to write our number and yahoo name down for future chats and possible play dates. Once out of the main room, I finally asked Tom if he was BI as I'd gotten a "vibe" that he might be as well as a "bottom". Tom said that he was BI but really didn't mean to put that feeling out as this was the first time at this club and wasn't sure how bimales would be treated. As for which he preferred "Top or Bottom", he said that he went both ways but most guys couldn't handle him as a top, so he didn't try it often. I asked what he meant and he told me that he was rather long but not thick. That is what some women liked about him, besides he could lick pussy very well. I joked with him that most guys could do that and he leaned over like he was going to whisper something and I felt his tongue in my ear. FROM A DISTANCE! Now I knew why women loved playing with him, he had a long cock and tongue!

He then asked who else had gotten the "vibe" he allegedly put off and I told him Joe did. Matter of fact he was hoping that you'd blow him and maybe let him fuck you, like I wanted have done to me. Tom asked me if I was BI and I told him to a point. Meaning I didn't bottom for just anyone and didn't do oral to just anyone as some have complained that I use too much "teeth". 

Well Tom agreed with one condition to blow us both in a room, I had to agree to "help clean Tom up" after he blew Joe and I. I agreed we both went back into the main room. We parted ways and I noticed Tom talking to his wife with them both glancing over towards me and Joe. I told Joe that Tom would blow us both but I would stay back so that his wife could join us later. Joe told me that I was a lucky man and that sounded fair. It was agreed that we'd all leave separately so that it wouldn't seem like anything was going to happen. I knew what room Joe had and would meet him there. I walked over to Tom and told him that I'd told Joe that I'd meet him in his room, as he was staying the night at the club like we were, and that he should act like I was going to play with his wife. Tom smiled and agreed. So one by one, we all left the room and found our way to Joe's room.

Tom started sucking Joe after he walked into the room and stroking me. Joe didn't last too long as he filled Tom's mouth with cum. Now Joe had asked Tom if he could get a blowjob and fuck his ass and in between sucking Joe's cock, told him that he didn't "TOP" much, which was a lie. Now Tom did suck me some and jack Joe off before Joe blew his load into Tom's mouth. I acted like I was about to cum so Joe decided that he'd better go so that maybe I could hold out for Tom's wife. 

It was agreed that we'd slip across the hall to the wife and I's room and clean Tom up for his wife to join us. Joe left to go tell Tom's wife but of course she didn't plan on joining us and was already busy in another part of the club when Joe got back to the main room.

When we got quietly into my room, I asked Tom what he meant by being too much for most guys to handle. Tom dropped his pants and I saw what appeared to be a 4" cock, SOFT! He said it would double in length but not get very thick and not any thicker than mine was now. I'm thinking I could handle that size but didn't know about the length when he said that, just didn't say it. I guess I'm not the only one that put a "vibe" out. Tom asked me to lay back onto the bed so he could suck me and maybe show me what the women liked with his tongue. 

After a bit, I felt him go lower between my legs and start to lick my ass. I felt his tongue going deep into me then back to my cock. Finally he started to try and finger my ass but it was tight despite the fact that I was trying to relax. Tom asked me if I was ready to cum as he wanted my load. I told him to "go for it", thinking he'd lube his finger to fuck me. Well I was partly right, he did lube some fingers and he did start to fuck my ass, but then he stopped. He stood up and asked me if he could "really go for it". Tom was completely hard now and was 8-9" long but still not thick but fully hard. Tom also stood up with a rubber in his hand, indicating that he'd hoped to be able to put it on when I said "yes" to him. I agreed to try but that I'd never had that long of a cock in me before. 

Tom said most guy couldn't but he knew went to stop pushing, so he lubed the rubber up with more lube, lifted my legs and started to push into me. I was taking him slowly deeper and deeper, when Tom said that he was about 6-7" in me and wondered if I could take the rest. I gripped the bed and nodded. With that, I felt him bottom out into me. Tom had a smile on his face knowing that he'd gotten all into me and that I was enjoying all of him. He slowly picked up the pace and said that he was about to cum. I told him that my legs, which were being held up were cramping and I needed to stop. That is when Tom's smile faded but pulled out. Tom started to take the rubber off thinking he was done, and I got on all 4's and told him that I got to top in a minute. With that Tom stopped what he was doing, as he'd not gotten it off yet, got behind me and slowly pushed back deep into my ass. Rocking back and forth into me, he picked up the pace till he couldn't go any more and exploded into the rubber. After he pulled out and wiped the mess off, he tossed me a rubber and told me that if I wanted in him...safety first.

I grabbed the lube and put it on my rubber and looked up to see Tom on all 4's. Now I didn't last as long as he did in me, but we both enjoyed ourselves.

Tom and his wife come over from time to time and as she's also BI like my wife, we all play. Sometimes, Tom and I play alone without the girls, and those times are very enjoyable also.

Contact me via the CONTACT tab on my profile if you like this story.