 Jamie and Liz were shit out of luck as they stood in the parking lot of the local beer and liquor store. Jamie, eighteen years old, slender-framed with medium-length blonde hair, had been dating Liz for four months. Their relationship began over the summer and continued into the fall semester of their senior year of high school. Liz was also eighteen and a real catch for Jamie. He had never been very outgoing or confident with girls, so having a big-boobed, perky-assed chick with long blonde hair take an interest in him was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. 

It was Friday evening and they were late for a party. It was going to be the party of the year for their high school. One of the guys on the football team had his house all to himself for the weekend. All the cool kids were going. Liz had talked Jamie into going even though they weren't part of the cool crowd. Liz saw this party as an opportunity to increase her reputation. To do this she had convinced herself they needed to provide some of the booze for the party. Only one problem: no adult they asked would buy beer for them. They were about to give up when...

"Hey you two!" a voice yelled from across the parking lot.

"Oh, no!" Liz yelled in a panic. "Run Jamie!"

"Hey! Hold up a sec!" the voice came again.

Jamie and Liz stopped cold in their tracks and turned around to see a man in a gray sport coat and Hawaiian shirt walking quickly toward them. 

"I noticed you were asking folks to buy beer for you," the man said in a deep manly voice. "Is that right?"

The man was husky and in his mid-fifties and had darkly tanned skin. He looked very Italian with his curly dark hair and thick moustache. With his gray suit, Hawaiian shirt, and aviator sun glasses he looked a little like if Saddam Hussein was a used car dealer. 

"Yeah, that's right," Liz responded in a snotty tone. "And none of them would."

"Well, I'd be more than happy to do it for you," the man offered.

"You would? Really?" Liz said getting excited.

"Sure thing, I remember being your age," the man said. "I just want a little something in return."

"Hey, man," Jamie spoke up. "We just want the beer. No strings attached."

"Now hold on just a minute," the man said sternly. "I'm not going to go around buying beer for minors and risk getting thrown in jail for nothing."

"What do you want then?" Liz asked sarcastically. "A tip?"

"I was thinking of something a little more...personal...if you catch my drift."

"Are you gonna ask me to blow you?" Liz asked. "Cause that ain't gonna happen."

"Actually, I'm not really into girls all that much," the man said with a chuckle. "I was going to ask if your pretty boyfriend over here might satisfy the contract."

"Uh, thanks, but no thanks," Jamie replied grabbing Liz by the arm. "Come on, Liz. We're getting the hell out of here."

"Jamie wait," Liz resisted. She had tried so hard for so many years to be one of the popular girls and now that she finally had her chance she was not going to let it slip away.

"Would you be willing to do it?" she asked her boyfriend. 

"Liz, you can't be serious!" he said shocked that she would even consider such a thing.

"Come on, Jamie!" Liz whined. "If we don't get the beer, we'll be the biggest losers in school. We'll never live this down."

That was Liz - always thinking about her reputation first. 

"Liz," Jamie responded gravely. "I'm not going to suck some guy's dick for a few lousy beers."

"Come on, Jamie," Liz said with a flirty smirk. "I'll make it worth your while."

"Liz..."

"I'll let you fuck me in the ass later tonight," she offered.

"Really?" Jamie said intrigued by Liz's offer. He had always wanted to try anal but Liz had always been unwilling to let him. 

"Absolutely," Liz said flirtatiously bringing her head closer to Jamie's. "Think about it. Your cock in my tight ass. I know you've been thinking about what it would feel like to fuck my backdoor." 

Jamie's mind raced. The idea of having to suck another man's dick repulsed him, but the offer to fuck Liz's ass was almost too good to pass up. He might never get another opportunity. He didn't know what to do. 

"Please...," she pouted like a little girl. "I need for this party to go good. Do it for me?"

"Okay, Liz," Jamie reluctantly agreed. "I'll do it...for you."

"Thank you, baby!" Liz rejoiced. "And you'll be handsomely rewarded later tonight. I promise."

"Well?" the man said impatiently. "I ain't got all day."

"He'll do it!" Liz said. "Mister...?"

"Lombardo's the name," he said shaking her hand to seal the deal. "Barry Lombardo."

"Pleased to meet you, Mr. Lombardo," Liz said courteously. "My name's Liz and this is Jamie."

"Well, Liz," Barry said. "I figure I can buy you two cases of beer for twenty minutes alone with Jamie here."

"It's a deal then," Liz agreed. "Where would you like to...um...you know?"

"There's a motel just a block down the street," Barry said. "We'll get a room. It'll give us plenty of privacy. Hop in my car and I'll drive you."

Jamie and Liz hopped into Mr. Lombardo's 1985 Cadillac Eldorado and together the three of them drove to the motel. As they drove the one block from the liquor store to the motel Jamie couldn't help but be perplexed by how things had turned out. It was almost as if his fate was being decided by forces beyond his control - like he was a piece of meat being traded around. He tried his best to stay calm. 

When they got to the motel the trio made their way to the front desk. Barry went in to pay for a room while Jamie and Liz waited outside.

"I can't believe you're making me do this!" Jamie expressed in frustration to his girlfriend.

"Come on, Jamie," she whispered. "The guys obviously a freak. Let's just give him what he wants, get the beer, and get the hell out of here."

"Easy for you to say!" Jamie spat back. "You're not the one who's going to be giving this guy a blowjob! This is fucking sick, Liz!"

"Just relax, Jamie! Jesus Christ, you worry too much!" Liz said frustrated. "The guy probably has a tiny penis and will cum in no time at all. Just grab the base of his dick and jerk it real hard while you suck on the tip a little. He will cum really quick if you do that."

"And what if he doesn't?" Jamie asked shocked at how casually Liz was talking about the prospect of him putting a man's penis in his mouth.

"God, Jamie, I don't know," Liz said getting annoyed. "Rub his balls or something while you're sucking him. That should get him off. Men like that kinda stuff. It won't be that bad. You'll see."

"Well, I'm not letting him cum in my mouth or on my face," Jamie asserted.

"You won't have to," Liz assured him. "He'll prolly tell you when he's going to cum and then you can just move out of the way or something."

"What if he doesn't?" Jamie asked worried by the thought of letting this gross old man shoot a load all over him.

"I'm sure he will, Jamie," Liz said fingering her smart phone. "Look, here he comes."

Jamie and Liz followed Mr. Lombardo up a flight of stairs that led to a long balcony. They walked to the very end of the balcony and came to a door. Mr. Lombardo whipped out a key and swung it open. The three entered the motel room to find a small space occupied by a small twin bed and a grubby old coach. Some of the wallpaper was falling off of the walls and the room radiated a stale musty odor, as if it had seen its fair share of vice and sexual deviance.

"Would you mind waiting outside on the balcony, little lady," Barry said to Liz. "Me and Jamie need some...alone time together."

"Umm...maybe I should stay," Liz said a little concerned for Jamie's safety. 

"Do you really want to see your boyfriend going down on me?" Barry asked mockingly with a hearty chuckle that sent shivers down Jamie's spine.

"Uuggghh," Jamie let out almost throwing up a little in his mouth. 

"Jamie, honey?" Liz said turning to her boyfriend. "Will you be okay in here alone?"

"Yeah," Jamie managed to squeak out trying to maintain his composure. "I'll...I'll be fine. I'd rather you not see this anyway."

"Okay, well, good luck, baby," Liz said. "Twenty minutes, Mr. Lombardo, and then we get the beer."

"Sure thing, missy," Barry said trying to get Liz to leave the room. Jamie was shocked by how much she didn't care about what was about to happen. This was his manhood!

"Don't you worry about a thing, kid," Barry said to Jamie after he closed the door. "This'll all be over in a few minutes. Then you and that skanky girlfriend of yours can get to your party."

Barry removed his gray sport coat and hung it up on the coat rack next to the door. As he made his way over toward Jamie he unbuttoned the two top buttons of his Hawaiian shirt, revealing a gold chain necklace sitting atop a manly quaff of dark curly chest hair. Jamie noticed that the man was wearing a gold watch on his right wrist and several gold rings on his fingers. He inched a little closer until his protruding pot belly slightly brushed up against Jamie's body. Barry was now standing so close to the teenager that Jamie could smell the sickening odor of the man's cheap cologne

"Kneel down for me, sweetheart," Barry ordered, firmly applying pressure to the top of Jamie's head. The boy resisted at first, trying to stand firm by planting his feet. 

"Go on, be a good boy now," Barry taunted as he continued to force Jamie's head down. "I wouldn't wanna force you."

Sensing he had little choice in the matter, Jamie sunk down until he felt his knees touch the musty carpet below him. Barry reached down to the front of his pants and quickly unzipped the zipper to his dress pants. He reached a hand inside and tugged a little. All of a sudden an eight-inch slightly flaccid cock tumbled out of the zipper hole. 

Jamie's mouth fell open and his eyes widened. He couldn't help but stare straight ahead at the old man's crotch, completely mesmerized by the gigantic meatpole protruding from the front of Mr. Lombardo's pants. He had never seen anything like it. It was long and thick, and positively exuded dominance and masculinity. With its wide girth and brownish-red color it resembled a plump overstuffed sausage. It reminded Jamie a lot of Peter North's beautiful cock which he had seen many times in pornos. It wasn't a cock. Jamie thought to himself. It was a fucking boa constrictor! 

Liz took a break from texting and strained her eyes through the grimy window pain. Her eyes widened when she saw the size of Mr. Lombardo's cock. "Holy shit!" she said out loud to herself. "That cock is huge."

"Ready to take care of this for me, precious?" Barry asked jerking the base of his ever-growing man meat.

"Umm...I...," Jamie muttered, stunned by the intimidating sight of the older man's monster

"Time to pay the piper, sugar lips," Barry mocked. "A blowjob for some beers."

"I...I...," Jamie stuttered. 

"Come on, Jamie, a deal's a deal," Barry said still gripping the base of his long shaft.

"Mr. Lombardo...I...I...I can't do this," Jamie whispered shaking his head. "I'm not...gay."

"I ain't gay either, kid," Barry shot back. "I have a wife and daughter. Been married for damn near twenty years. This ain't nothing. Just a little harmless fun between two guys. Relax and no one will ever have to find out."

Jamie was a little taken aback by this statement. He had never considered that a guy could do things like this with another guy and not be gay. For some reason, the knowledge that Mr. Lombardo was married and had a family made him feel a little better about the situation - almost like he could trust this man. 

"It's just a blowjob and you don't have to be gay to enjoy it," Barry said reaching his hand down toward Jamie. "Here, let me help you get started." He took hold of Jamie's right hand and slowly brought it toward his huge hotdog-colored schlong. The long veiny shaft was so thick it made Jamie's hands look like dainty little girl hands. It felt warm and hard in Jamie's tiny hand. His fingers could barely stretch all the way around it. 

"There you go, sweetheart," Barry encouraged. "Stroke that monster."

Reluctantly, Jamie began running his hand up and down the length of the impressive shaft. He tried hard not to look up at Mr. Lombardo for fear of making the situation even more awkward. He just stared at the old man's bulging cock and focused on sliding his hand up and down the long thick shaft.

"Look up at me, baby," Barry said using his fat finger to nudge Jamie's chin upward. "I wanna see that pretty face of yours." 

Having little choice in the matter, Jamie slowly shifted his gaze upwards until he was staring the old man in the face. He continued to rhythmically stroke Mr. Lombardo's ever-hardening rod. 

"Mmmmm, those eyes...," Barry moaned staring down at Jamie with lust, "those crystal-clear blue eyes...so pure and innocent."

Barry took his right hand and cupped Jamie's rosy cheek, using his thumb to gently massage the boy's soft skin. 

"And those lips...mmmmm...so plump and perfect," Barry whispered. He took his thumb and ran it across Jamie's plump lips. 

"Please...Mister...," Jamie whispered softly staring innocently into Mr. Lombardo's eyes. "Please don't make me do this." 

Jamie let go of Mr. Lombardo's cock and rested the palms of his hands on the tops of his thighs. The long pole fell between the man's legs and swung like a long fleshy pendulum before regaining its hardness and gradually rising straight up until it pointed directly at Jamie's face. 

"Shhhhhh..." Barry cooed, placing a thick meaty hand on the back of Jamie's head.

"Mr. Lombardo?" Jamie whispered fearfully.

Firmly, Barry brought the boy's head closer to his crotch until the bulbous mushroom tip of his cock was just inches from Jamie's face. He seized the base of his cock and gradually brought his hips forward. Slowly, he guided his cock until the swollen tip lightly grazed the boy's lips. A dab of precum leaked out and Barry swiveled his cock side to side smearing it across Jamie's virgin lips. 

"Ewwww," Jamie winced trying to withdrawal his head away from the intruder, but the older man held him steady. 

"Stay with it," Barry said returning the sticky cockhead to the boy's lips. "Now, give it a little taste."

"Neverrrhh...," Jamie immediately regretted opening his mouth, for Barry took advantage of the boy's parted lips and eased his cock forward. It didn't take much. The tip easily slid past Jamie's precum-stained lips like a gooey popsicle. "Mmppphh." was the sound Jamie made as he accepted nearly two inches of Mr. Lombardo's rubbery cock into his mouth. 

As soon as he felt the cockhead slide between his parted lips, Jamie instinctively closed his plump lips around the thick shaft. The pulsating cock felt heavy in the teenager's mouth and radiated warmth throughout his face. Jamie immediately felt the bitter salty taste of Mr. Lombardo's precum seeping into the taste buds of his tongue. He couldn't stop thinking about how dominant and masculine the man's bulky cock felt inside his mouth.

"Oh...yeah!" Barry moaned with joy, holding his cock between the boy's lips for a few seconds. With the cock in his mouth, Jamie looked up innocently at the old man's lustful gaze, hoping that the man might take pity on him and forget the whole thing. But Barry wasn't going to pass up this golden opportunity. He pulled out slightly and rested the tip on top of Jamie's lower lip before moving his hips forward, forcing the boy to take a little more of his throbbing flesh pole.

"Ungghh," Barry grunted.

"Mmppphh." 

"Ungghh. Hell yeah."

"Mmppphh." 

"Ungghh. Fuck'n A."

"Mmppphh." Jamie couldn't believe the sickening sex sounds escaping from his mouth. He sounded just like the nasty sluts who sucked cock in the pornos he watched late at night.

"Mmppphh. Mmppphh. Mmppphh. Mmppphh." In and out. In and out. In and out. Barry slowly began to establish a rhythm, working his fleshy pole back and forth between Jamie's stretched lips. The teenager was completely helpless at this point. With every thrust he felt Mr. Lombardo's slick cock sliding back and forth across his wet tongue. His head held firmly in place by the adult's vice-like grip, he was now simply along for the ride. He had no choice but to allow the perverted old man's beefy rod to continue rhythmically pumping in and out of his virgin mouth. Jamie squeezed his eyes shut and tried to imagine that he was in a better place. 

Watching through the window Liz could hardly believe her eyes. Oh, my God! she thought. Jamie is actually going through with this! 

"Look up at me, bitch," Barry ordered.

Jamie shifted his eyes upward and met the older man's dominant stare.

"Oh fuck, baby, you look so pretty," Barry said meeting Jamie's submissive gaze. "Unggghh. You look so fucking pretty with a cock in your mouth."

"Mmppphh. Mmppphh. Mmppphh." As Mr. Lombardo began steadily increasing the pace of his thrusting, Jamie was compelled to hold onto the backs of the older man's pant-clad thighs for support. He continued to look upward, forcing himself to maintain eye contact with the commanding dominant man standing over him. 

"Try taking it a little deeper," Barry urged using his hand to pull Jamie's head deeper into his crotch.

"Gglllgg!" Jamie began to gag on the thick rod. When Mr. Lombardo had about half his cock down Jamie's throat he slowly pulled it out a little. As the tip was nearly out, he immediately thrust his hips forward again forcing his meat back down the boy's throat. 

"Gglllgg!" Jamie pressed his hands against Mr. Lombardo's legs trying to force his body backwards but to no avail. "Gglllgg! Gglllck!" He thought he was going to choke to death.

"Yeah, that's it, bitch. Unggghh! Stay with it," Barry encouraged. "Unggghh! You'll get used to it."

"Gglllck! Gglllck! Gglllck!" was all Jamie could manage to get out with the plump cock lodged deep in his throat. After what seemed like hours, Mr. Lombardo finally released his hand from the back of Jamie's head and let his thick greasy pole slide out of the boy's mouth. Immediately, Jamie began coughing trying to catch his breath.

"You know, Jamie, there's a way you could help get this over with a lot quicker," Barry said. 

"What...is it?" Jamie asked still trying to catch his breath.

"Well, it'd be a lot hotter and I'd probably finish quicker if you got naked and sucked my cock."

"Ewwww, no!" Jamie protested still panting loudly.

"Come on, Jamie, how much worse could it be?" Barry asked. "It wouldn't be any more embarrassing than the position you're already in. And besides, you don't want to get any stains on your clothes."

"Fine...uh...I guess you're right," Jamie reluctantly agreed, realizing that Mr. Lombardo was probably right. He didn't care at this point. He was willing to do anything to get this over with as soon as possible in order to avoid any more humiliation.

"Go on then, strip down."

With trembling hands Jamie gripped the hem of his t-shirt and pulled it over his head throwing it to the side. Next, he stood up and kicked off his flip flops. He undid the button to his shorts and slid them down his smooth pale legs. When he stood back up he noticed that Mr. Lombardo had taken his Hawaiian shirt off, revealing a hairy manly torso with a large protruding beer gut. 

"Underwear too," Barry commanded as he plopped down on the couch behind him. "And turn around, I wanna enjoy the view."

Jamie shamefully rotated his body 180 degrees so that his back was facing Mr. Lombardo. He gulped as he looped both of his thumbs in the waistband of his briefs. Ever so slowly, as if he was still trying to find a way out of this, he inched the underwear down over his butt cheeks and let them fall to the floor. And then he noticed it...a hard-on! Oh shit! Jamie thought to himself. What in the hell was happening!? He had been so preoccupied with the shame and embarrassment of giving a blowjob that he didn't even notice his own dick getting hard!
