 I read every word. Then I read it again. "This is to certify that ----------- has been Honorable Discharged from the United States Navy, etc., etc., etc." My sea bag was packed, I was wearing my dress blues and my shoes were shined. I headed for the quarterdeck one last time. A snappy salute to the Officer of the Deck and a salute to the flag, my sea bag on my shoulder, I descended the gangplank to the pier. I turned around and looked at the ship once more, the ship that was my home for the past three years. As all sailors do, I had a great affection for my ship. We were in battle together. We survived. I was proud to have served aboard her. I saw Pete waving to me from the hanger deck. 

"Let's have one last drink together at that local bar," he yelled. 

"OK," I yelled back, "I'll wait for you there."

I toted my sea bag (all I had in the world) to the bar, just off the base. When I walked in it was as if I were experiencing a de'javu. Same bartender, another baseball game on the same TV. I plopped my sea bag at the far corner of the bar and slid up on a stool. The bartender turned and said, "Bud Light?" He remembered.

"Yeah, one for the road," I said.

"Being transferred or discharged?" he asked, looking at the sea bag.

"Discharged," I replied.

"Goin' home."

"You know, I really don't know. I haven't made any travel plans yet. I may stay with some friends here for a while (thinking about Larry and Moe), I like San Francisco."

"Good idea," he said. "Don't make any rash decisions. You're still young, lotta livin' to do yet."

I sucked down three beers waiting for Pete. My mind wandered. I silently talked to myself. "Myself." I said, "What are you gonna do? Your family wants you to come back home. You've tasted cock and can't get it out of your mind. Think about it." 

I was absently watching TV. A commercial was on. It showed a sexy woman with a red dress, low in the front showing lots of cleavage. I was turned on! What the fuck was I, a freak? I would still like to get my dick in a nice warm, wet pussy, but I couldn't stop thinking about that cock in my mouth, that sperm shooting into my throat, the feel of a man's balls in my hand, that amazing blow job I got from that guy in the car, and I had Pete on my mind.

I knew if I went to Larry and Moe's I would be totally into the gay society. I would be meeting many gay guys. I'd be into the San Francisco gay scene. Did I want that?

While drinking my fourth beer, Pete came in. 

"Hi short timer," he said. "I was hoping you wouldn't shove off without saying goodbye."

He ordered a couple of beers and, while we drank, the bartender went back to his ball game.

"So," Pete asked, "made up your mind? Are you gonna visit our friends before you travel east? 

"I want to," I said, "but, I'm not sure it's a good idea. I still like cunt you know."

"So do I," Pete said. "The way I got it figured, we didn't leave one world and go into another. We just found another way to get off."

"You know," I said, "I didn't think of it that way. You're right. I guess we're bisexual?"

"Yeah, whatever you want to call it, I like to suck cock and I love to eat cunt. If I'm a freak, then that's what I am, but I'm gonna have fun doin' it."

"Let's blow this joint and go to Oakland. There's a lot of action there.

"I can't go back to the ship tonight. I'm a civilian," I said. "Where am I gonna sleep tonight, if I get any sleep that is."

"I have an overnight liberty. Let's get a hotel room. You can leave your sea bag there," Pete suggested.

"Sounds like a plan," I agreed.

If you've ever been to Oakland California on a Saturday night you will understand what I mean when I say that it's a party town. Pete and I drank a lot, danced a lot with some hot chicks and, did I say drank a lot? 

It's not unusual to see a drunken sailor or two wandering around the streets after the bars close, looking for a cab. We found one and staggered into our hotel room. We were both to drunk to even think of anything but sleep. We did a lot of that. 

Morning came and the hangover came with it. I woke up first. Thankfully we had the foresight to pick up some beer before we got back to the hotel. There was a warm beer on the nightstand. Now, I don't care what anyone says, a warm beer is the best thing for a hangover. I took a long swig, burped, and went back to sleep.

I was dreaming about an all male orgy where there were so many hard cocks; you couldn't get away from them if you wanted to. When I opened my eyes I felt something hard, like a banana, pressing against my ass. Of course, I knew it wasn't a banana. It was Pete's hard cock. I immediately got hard. I backed up a bit so that his cock rubbed against my ass crease. It felt good. I reached around and wrapped my hand around it. He moaned. Slowly I stroked it back and forth, causing him to moan more. Then Pete's hand reached around my hips and encircled my hard dick. He stroked me like I was stroking him. Damn! It felt good!

I turned and faced Pete. His eyes were closed. He was in ecstasy, so was I. Finally we were together. I held his cock and rubbed it against mine. His hand was on mine. Pete wasn't circumcised and neither was I. I pushed his foreskin back, as he did mine. The heads of our cocks met. Then we both pulled our foreskins together and his covered the head of my cock, while mine covered his. There's a name for this, but I can't remember what it is. 

We looked in each other's eyes, while stroking each other. Here was a guy I spent three years with on the same ship. We saw each other every day, played cards, got drunk, even showered next to each other, and never thought it would come to this. I marveled at the warmness of his very hard, but pliable cock meat. I felt the veins running along the sides of it. I caressed the bulbous head and slid my finger along the little slit that his sperm would soon be shooting from. Pete changed positions and brought his head down to my pubic area. I found his beautiful cock very near my face. I continued to caress it as he did mine. I kissed it, licked it, ran my tongue up and down the shaft, and licked his balls, one by one and then both together. My mouth came up to the tender spot on the underside, very near the head. I licked him there. He groaned in encouragement. Then I felt Pete's hot mouth as he took my cock. I returned the favor. His large cock slipped inside my eager mouth and I smelled his manly scent and tasted his wonderful meat. I could feel his eagerness. He could feel mine. We slowly and gently sucked on each other, relishing in the wonderful feeling. Pete is about seven and a half inches hard. I wanted to give him deep throat. Never having done it before, I wondered if I could. I let his cock slip farther into my mouth until I felt the spongy head as it reached the back of my throat. While caressing his large balls in both hands, I kind of pushed him into my throat. Pete let out a loud groan. His hands came around the back of my head. I kept his cock in my throat as long as I could and then backed off and gasped for air. 

"Man, that was unbelievable Ted," Pete said breathlessly. I was kind of breathless myself. Again, I took a deep breath and let my mouth travel the length of Pete's cock. The head slipped right past the back of my mouth and entered my throat. I gripped his ass and forced his delicious cock as far as it would go into my throat, holding it there for a long time. I could hear Pete screaming. Just as I started to back off for air, I felt the first shot of his cum as it squirted into my throat. Backing further, I felt squirt after squirt hitting the roof of my mouth. It filled my mouth. I swallowed as fast as I could. Shot after shot of Pete's cum filled and refilled my mouth as I swallowed. I continued to lick his cock and balls, cleaning every drop. I loved the taste. 

Pete kept licking my hard cock and I was almost ready to give him a mouthful. He stopped. As I felt the cool air on my cock, I asked, "Why did your stop?"

"There's something I've been thinking about. I want to try it," he said. "I want you to fuck me."

Wow! I hadn't thought of that. I didn't know if I wanted to, but Pete was my friend and I wouldn't turn him down. He lay on his back, his now limp dick bending over his balls. 

"All I have is spit pal," I said. We should have thought of this earlier."

"I did," Pete said. "Look in my pea coat pocket."

I felt in the pocket and found a small tube of some kind of lubricant. 

"You really planned for this didn't you?" I said.

"I wasn't going to let you leave before I got fucked," Pete said. 

My cock was hard and throbbing. Pete had almost brought me to orgasm. He turned over and presented his cute butt to me. I ran my hands over Pete's ass, between his legs and on his balls. His dick was limp from the fantastic orgasm he just received. I reached for the lubricant and smeared it all over my hard cock. Then, I smeared it on Pete's little puckered asshole. Slowly and gently I inserted my index finger into him. He let out a small sigh. 

"Try to relax now Pete," I said. "I'm going to put two, then three fingers up there to get you used to the penetration. My dick is hard and swollen and you know the size of it. If you change your mind at any point, just tell me and I'll back off."

Adding a bit more lube, I put two fingers up Pete's ass. He was quiet. Then, I forced a third finger into him. He tensed up. I eased off, waited a minute and then returned the three fingers into him. He moaned, but shoved his ass into my hand. 

"Fuck me now Ted," Pete said. "I want you in me now."

I smeared the rest of the tube of lubrication on my dick and pushed the head of it just a small way into his tight ass. 

"Oh, yeah, keep pushing Ted," Pete moaned.

After I had the head of my cock inserted into Pete's asshole, I asked, "Does it hurt?"

"A little, but it really turns me on," Pete said.

I reached down and felt Pete's cock. It was hard and stiff again. "Ready for all of me Pete?"

"Give it to me Ted, all of it. I want you to cum in my ass."

Holding his cock in my left hand and gripping his hip with the right, I leaned forward and shoved about half of my cock into him. 

"Ahh, I love it," Pete sighed.

"Here comes the rest of it Pete," I said as I pushed my cock into him all the way. It felt wonderful. It was better than the tightest pussy I ever had. I stayed deep inside him for a while. "You OK Pete?"

"Yeah man, keep ramming me and stroking my cock. I wanna cum when you do."

I backed off about half way and slowly pushed all the way in again.

"Oh, Ted, I never thought it would be this good. The hurt went away and now I want you to fuck me harder."

"This isn't going to take long Pete. I'm ready to pop, it feels so damn good."

I slid my cock in and out and jerked on Pete's cock at the same time. I wanted it to last, but I was so close to cumming. "Pete, I can't hold out any longer. I'm gonna cum big time. 

"Do it Teddy, shoot your stuff in me. Fill me up with your cum."

I let go and felt my sperm traveling from my bloated balls up through the length of my cock. Then, I shot. Again and again I shot. I relished in the amazing feeling of Pete's ass receiving my sperm. My orgasm continued. My cock was pulsing while it spurted my cum juice into Pete. I was trembling all over. It was the longest orgasm I ever experienced. Still holding Pete's hard cock, he moaned and I felt his warm cum filling my hand and running through my fingers. I continued to stroke him as he spurted his juice again and again. When it was over, we collapsed together with my cock still inside him. We both agreed that it was the best cum we ever had.

After a while Pete said, "You can still re-up you know. They'll be glad to have you. They're giving cash bonuses if you re-up."

Removing my limp cock from Pete's ass, I said, "Let me think about it."