 "Room inspection!" I hear someone say from outside my door.

I open my eyes and sit up in my bed.

Cody isn't here, he must have gone out while I slept in.

I needed some extra sleep after staying up to work on his homework assignments all night.

I pull the blanket off of myself to go open the door, but realize that I'm still naked.

Whoever is outside my room begins knocking loudly.

I pull the blanket back over myself and try to stay quiet, hoping they will leave if I don't open the door.

I soon hear the sound of a key entering my lock.

The door opens.

A man wearing a blue dress shirt walks into my room.

He has a short brown beard and a large, muscular build.

He turns to me with a confused expression on his face.

"Why didn't you open the door?" He asks me in an angry tone.

"I'm sorry... I just woke up."

"Well, students here are required to out of bed by 7 AM. Don't let me catch you sleeping in again."

"You won't, I'll be up early from now on."

He looks down at his clipboard for a moment.

"It's nice to meet you Tyler. Since you're new here, you probably don't know who I am. I'm John, your dorm parent. My job is to make sure that all the students in this building are behaving and keeping their rooms clean. Now, get out of bed and go find where your classes are so you don't get lost on Monday."

"Okay, I will."

He stares at me for a moment.

"I'm waiting..." He says impatiently.

If I get out of bed, he will see that I'm naked. I hurry to think of an excuse.

"I'll be out of bed in a few minutes. I just need some time to wake up."

"Don't argue! I said now!"

He grabs a hold of my blanket and pulls it off of me forcefully.

I throw my hands over my cock to hide it as he looks down at me in shock.

"Why the hell are you naked?"

"I uh- I sleep naked" I reply while blushing with embarrassment.

I see his eyes move down my exposed body.

"Doesn't that make your roommate uncomfortable?" He asks, continuing to hold my blanket.

"No, he's fine with it. Can I have my blanket back, please?"

"Of course."

He quickly hands it back to me and I pull it over myself.

"I should go and let you get dressed. But at least keep your boxers on at night. This is a school, not a nudist camp."

He walks out of the room and closes the door.

I get up and walk over to my closet.

I pull on some tight green boxers and begin buttoning up my dress shirt.

I hear a notification sound from my phone.

I reach over and pick it up off my desk and see a text from Cody on my screen.

"what the fuck are you doing? i said no wearing clothes in the room! since u broke the rules, i will need to teach u a lesson. and if u say anything about our deal to john, i will make sure everyone at school knows your a cocksucker. take those fucking clothes off and wait for me. I will be there in 20 minutes."

I realize he was watching me through his security camera.

I immediately take my shirt off and pull my underwear down.

I sit on my bed and nervously wonder what he means by "teach me a lesson".

I notice that Cody had left some clothes on the floor and his bed isn't made.

I get up and clean the room while waiting for him.

About 15 minutes later, the door opens.

Cody slams it behind himself and walks in.

"You couldn't even go one day without breaking my rules!"

"I'm sorry, I was getting ready to go for a walk."

"If you want to get dressed, take your clothes down the hall and change in the bathroom!" he says as he sits on his bed. "Come here and bend over my lap."

I obey and lay myself over Cody's legs.

"This is just a warning" he says. "The next time you break my rules, the punishment will be much worse."

I suddenly feel his hand give me a hard smack on my ass.

I wince in pain as he gives me another.

I let out a small grunt with every spank, trying to stay quiet enough that no one hears me.

As much as the spanking hurts, it turns me on slightly.

"Are you going to break any more of my rules?"

"No."

He grabs my hair and pulls my head up off of the bed.

"Speak up! I can't hear you!"

"No!" I say louder. "I will follow the rules."

"Good boy. Your ass looks pretty red, I think you've learned your lesson."

Cody puts his hand on my ass cheek and gently rubs it to ease my pain.

As he rubs my cheek, I feel my cock getting hard against his leg.

He pushes me off his lap, making me fall to the floor.

I sit up as he looks down at my hard dick.

"Wow, looks like your tiny cock is hard again" Cody says in an unimpressed tone. "You're such a little slut."

I stare at the floor, feeling ashamed.

"Maybe if your cock was shaved, it would look bigger. Grab our towels, we're going to the showers."

I take our towels off their hooks, then turn around to see Cody stripping naked.

I can't help but watch him as he pulls his boxers off, showing his perfect dick.

I wrap my towel around my waist, then hand his over and see him do the same.

He grabs his shower supplies bag off of his dresser before opening the door.

We exit our room wearing only our towels and walk toward a door at the end of the hallway.

Cody pushes the door open and I follow him into the bathroom.

There is a large row of toilet stalls and a counter with several sinks.

One of the walls has a large doorway, leading to a locker room with showers.

I follow Cody into the locker room and feel relieved that no one else is in there.

He leads me into a private shower stall and closes the door.

"Drop your towel" he demands.

I obey, letting my towel fall onto the tile floor.

He looks down at my cock, noticing it is still rock hard.

"Okay, now show me your hands."

I am confused why he wants me to do this, but I lift my hands so he can see them.

He takes something out of his bag them turns towards me.

I realize he is holding a piece of rope, which he then ties around my wrists.

"What are you doing?" I ask.

"I don't want you squirming while I shave you."

He pushes me into the shower then lifts my hands and ties them to the shower nozzle.

He turns the water on, making me gasp as the cold water shoots down onto my body.

After a few seconds, the water starts to get warmer.

He takes a razor and a can of shaving cream out of his bag.

I watch him take off his towel and see his dick swing side to side as he steps into the shower with me.

Being completely naked with my hands tied above my head makes me feel very vulnerable.

Cody sprays some shaving cream into his hand and spreads it over my pubes.

He moves down to my balls, gently grasping them as he spreads the foam.

He pulls on my balls, tightening the skin.

He takes the razor and presses it against my sack, slowly shaving off my hair.

A shiver goes up my body as I feel the cold metal move along my skin.

He continues to shave all my pubes off, pushing my hard dick to the side when it gets in his way.

Feeling his hand touching my cock really turns me on.

After a couple of minutes, he grabs hold of my shoulder and turns me toward the water.

I look down as the shaving creams rinses off of me, leaving my dick and balls completely smooth.

"There, that looks better." Cody says as he wraps his hand around my cock and gives it a quick stroke to tease me.

He then sprays more shaving cream into his hand and spreads it across my armpit.

"Cody, please. Isn't shaving my dick enough?"

"Shut up, bitch. I own you now. I want you smooth, so you're getting shaved whether you like it or not."

He turns off the water so he can lather me up with shaving cream.

I don't have very much body hair, but he continues to spread it over every part of my body that does.

He runs the cream along my stomach and my legs, then turns me around so I face away from him.

He bends me over, pushing me against the wall of the shower.

I feel his hand slip in between my cheeks.

I let out a soft moan as I feel his fingers slide against my hole.

Cody then uses the razor to shave off all of my body hair.

First my armpits, then my stomach, then my legs.

Soon, the only place left to shave is my ass.

He bends me over again and pulls my ass cheeks apart, exposing my hole.

The cold razor runs between my cheeks as I lean against the wall.

After a minute, he gives me a light slap on the ass.

"All done. I shaved for you this time, but I expect you to do this yourself from now on. Every morning when you take a shower, make sure to bring a razor with you. I want my bitch staying clean and smooth. Got it?"

"Yes, I do."

"Say 'Yes, Sir.' I want you only referring to me as Sir.'

"Yes, Sir."

"Good. Now hold still while I rinse you off."

He turns the water back on, letting it run down my body.

I watch as the shaving creams flows down my legs and into the drain.

He turns off the shower and reaches up to untie me.

"You look much better now. What do you have to say to me for helping you?"

"Thank you, Sir."

"You're welcome, slut. I'll meet you back in our room."

He wraps his towel around his waist, then picks up mine and walks out of the stall.

"Wait!" I yell. "What are you doing with my towel?"

Cody ignores me and keeps walking.

He exits the bathroom, leaving me with nothing to wear back to my room.

I peak out of the stall and look around for any spare towels that might be laying around.

Unfortunately, I don't see anything I can use to cover myself.

I have no choice but to make my way back to my room completely naked.

I quickly run over to the bathroom door and open it a crack.

I look down the hallway and see that it's empty.

Maybe if I ran down the hall to my room, I could make it there without anyone seeing me.

I take a deep breath and put my hands over my cock before opening the door.

I begin running down the hall as fast as I can.

I'm halfway to my room when a door suddenly opens.

A boy wearing a sports jersey steps out.

He starts laughing when he sees me running toward him.

I try to go around him, but he sticks his foot out and trips me.

I take my hands away from my cock to catch my fall.

"Guys, quick! Come see this!" He yells into the room.

Two other guys step into the hall and join him in laughing as I get up off the floor.

I hear them whistling at me as I start running again.

"Nice ass!" I hear one of them yell as I make it further down the hall.

I swing my door open and quickly slam it behind myself.

I see Cody sitting at the desk with his phone up to his ear.

"Okay, sounds good. See you soon, man." he says before ending the call and putting his phone down.

He turns to me with a big smile.

"My friend is on his way over. I invited him to spend the night."