 "Any plans for tonight," Alex asked Huff as they broke from muster.

"Don't know," he replied, "I might go to a club."

"I didn't know you were 21," she laughed.

"I'm not 21," he replied.

"Shut up," she said back.

"Okay," he laughed, "I am."

"What club," she asked.

"It's near downtown," he replied.

"Cool," she replied, "I may catch a movie down there."

"Maybe we'll run across each other," he smiled.

"Maybe," she laughed as they split up and went to there respective berths.

Alex dressed particularly well that night. She threw on her good sweater and jeans. And she put on the new pair of skimmer shoes she had purchased at the Navy Exchange a few days earlier. She took the trolley downtown and had dinner and watched a movie. She got a few stares but nothing more. It seemed like no one wanted her. She ended up walking all the way up Fifth Avenue. She started to notice rainbow flags and a few other things that were different. She soon realized she was in Hillcrest. She hadn't been there since her unfortunate encounter with Watson. She felt a bit out of place. She had gotten much more feminine since that encounter and let her hair grow out a bit more. She liked looking more like a girl. She noticed a few guys holding hands and a few girls looking at her, this didn't seem to phase her. She started looking into the clubs and saw the people dancing and having a good time. She wanted to get into one. She passed a club called "Digits" when she heard her name.

"Lundz," a male voice called out.

She looked around and didn't see anyone. She looked towards the clubs and couldn't find the person.

"Lundz," he called out again.

She looked towards the Digits place and noticed Huff on the patio area looking towards her.

"Oh my god," Alex said loudly as she walked up to him.

"How are you," he asked as he leaned over the railing to give her a hug.

"What are you doing here," she asked.

"What does it look like," he laughed.

"I see," she replied as she looked into the club.

"I'll get you in," he said.

"How," she replied.

"I know the bouncer," he smiled.

"Okay," she replied.

She waited on the sidewalk as Huff walked to the bouncer. They exchanged a few words and the bouncer signaled for her to come over. She walked up to him and pulled out her ID. The bouncer barely looked at it and quickly instructed her to turn her right wrist over. She complied and he stamped it. 

"I can't believe you made it," he smiled.

"I didn't think I was going to come here," she smiled.

"Either way," he replied.

"Well," she laughed, "what are you doing here?"

Alex looked around and saw nothing but men dancing with each other and no other women. Huff looked a million miles away from the way he looked on the ship. He was dressed extremely well and had a nice shirt on. His jeans were not regulation and he couldn't have been let off the ship like that. The house music gripped her and she looked Huff in the eye.

"Oh my god," she started, " you're a fa....!"

"What were you going to say," he smiled.

"You're a fag," she said sounding bad.

"Duh," he smiled, "still that word really isn't accepted."

"I should've known," she smiled, "my brother's gay well, he's bi, well he likes me, never mind."

"It's all good," he laughed, "want a shot?"

"Yeah," she replied.

He walked off and she stood a few feet away from the bar as he got two shots. She saw a big older guy look towards Huff. He walked up to him and they began to talk. Huff seemed happy and smiled a couple of times. The big guy paid for the drinks and walked the shots over to Alex.

"This is George," Huff said as he handed her the drink.

"I'm Alex," she said to George.

"Hey," George replied, "Nice to meet you."

The three took their shots and put them down on a table near them.

"If you want anything just tell them it's under George at the bar," he said to Huff and Alex.

"Thanks," Alex replied, "is a long island okay?"

"Whatever you want," he smiled.

"Thanks," she replied.

"We're gonna go dance," Huff said as George grabbed his hand and led him to the dance floor.

"Just leave me here," she said to herself.

She walked to the bar and ordered a Long Island ice tea and walked her way back to the dance floor. She really didn't like the music and only seemed to enjoy her drink. It was strong and it was good that she was able to drink underage. She grabbed a second drink and went back to the dance floor.

Alex danced with a few guys throughout the night. They all seemed obsessed with her breasts. She didn't know what to do. One guy grabbed them and she decided to go with it. Another guy asked and she had an idea.

"Let's go to the bathroom," she said loudly to the guy.

"Good," he said in a lisp.

She grabbed his hand and took him to the men's bathroom. She barged in and found the bathroom was full. She got a few looks but just went with it. She planted herself against the wall and lifted her sweater up and pulled her breasts out of her bra. 

"Feel free," she smiled.

He awkwardly grabbed her breasts and pinched her nipples. He had no idea what he was doing. Eventually he stopped and walked off. But soon a few guys began to feel her up and play with her boobs. She wondered how many of them were turned on. Or if it was some obsession that gay men had with breasts. Eventually Huff came into the bathroom.

"We're heading back to George's house," he said in one quick breath.

"What's going on there," she asked.

"What do you think," he replied.

"Oh," she smiled.

"Nice breasts," he laughed, "mind if I?"

"Go ahead."

After he grabbed her breasts for a few seconds before she lowered her shirt and fixed her bra. Huff took Alex outside where they found George waiting. 

"What time is it," Alex asked.

"Almost one thirty," Huff replied.

A taxi soon arrived and Alex found herself in the front seat. George told the driver the destination and piled in the back with Huff. Alex looked in the rear view mirror and watched them kissing.

"This is not the weirdest trip I've made tonight," the driver said in an Eastern European accent.

"Yeah," Alex asked.

"I gave this guy a ride to Clairemont," he started, "this woman helped carry him downstairs. He said she had a tattoo that said "Whites Only" above her pussy."

"Okay," Alex replied.

The cab driver took them to a small apartment building in Hillcrest and dropped them off. George led Alex and Huff up the stairs to his one bedroom apartment. He fumbled with the keys but was able to open the door. He turned the light on to reveal a well-kept apartment. George walked to the stereo and turned on some music. Loud house music began to play. Alex sat on the couch and George walked up to Huff. She watched them dance for a few minutes.

"You have any toys," Huff said before he kissed him, "preferably a butt plug. I haven't you know."

"What do you think," George laughed.

"Where are they," Huff laughed.

"I'll get them," he smiled, "go ahead and get comfortable."

"Fuck," Huff mouthed and looked Alex.

George came back in the room about a minute later, naked, with a butt plug and a large bottle of lube.

"Yes," Huff exclaimed as he placed them on the coffee table.

Alex looked over George's large hairy frame. It was well taken care of and not disgusting like some hairy guys. He walked up to Huff and grabbed his belt and quickly unbuckled it. Huff pulled his shirt off and smiled. He had a fully erect penis and seemed very excited. His body was nearly hairless. He had a swimmer's build and not very toned. For some odd reason he left his socks on.

"If your friend is going to watch she needs to get naked too," George demanded.

Alex slid her shoes off and then pulled her sweater off.

"Where do you want to do this," George smiled as he placed the plug and lube on the table.

"Where ever," he replied.

Alex plopped down on the couch and George walked Huff over to the couch and him bent over.

"Ready," George smiled as he began to lube up the butt plug.

"Fuck yeah," Huff smiled as George slapped his ass.

George quickly began to force the plug inside Huff.

"Oh fuck," Huff said with a mix of pleasure and pain.

Huff gritted his teeth and dug his nails in the couch as George forcefully inserted the plug inside.

"Feel good bitch," George asked.

"Yes Daddy," he replied.

Alex slunk back in the couch watched it conspire. She began to finger herself as he finally got the plug in Huff. He got off the couch and turned around and looked at George. He kissed him again while Alex slid a second finger inside herself. Huff then kissed the length of George's body and worked his way to his cock. It was large and erect. Huff worked his mouth around it and soon George began to twitch and move with pleasure.

"Fuck," he said.

"You suck better than me," Alex laughed pulling the fingers out of her.

"Lots of practice," he smiled, "I can't wait for deployment."

"Less talk," George said as Huff put his mouth on the cock.

He kept sucking on the erect penis and could taste some precum developing on it. He sucked it like crazy and slowly caressed George's balls. He tried to work a finger in him.

"Don't even think about it," George fumed, "that's not for you to play with."

"Sorry Daddy," he replied as he pulled away from his dick.

Huff put his lips around his penis and sucked even harder and slightly caressed his balls again. He got his mouth all the way down his shaft and nearly gagged. He pulled off for a second and went back to work. He looked over to Alex to find her drifting off to sleep. He pulled off the dick and looked over to her.

"Focus," George said in a light voice.

"Sorry," he replied.

"If she passes out," George laughed, "so be it."

He kept sucking and suddenly he felt the plug slipping out of him. He kept his right hand on George's dick and reached for his ass and forced the plug back in. He kept sucking and sucking. George guided his head farther down his dick and slowly face fucked him. Huff let go of his penis and stood up. He checked his ass and felt that the plug was still in him.

George looked down to Alex to see that she was asleep. He grabbed Huff's hand and led him into the bedroom. He shut the door and Huff stood there as he walked up to him. George pushed him on the bed. Huff sat down as George sucked on his dick for a few seconds. He wasn't that good and Huff realized that he was most likely a complete top and did not enjoy sucking dick. But Huff was happy that he was returning the favor, so to speak. He stopped after a minute and stood Huff up.

"Ready to get that thing out," George asked.

"Yeah," he replied.

He bent Huff over the bed and inched close to the toy with his face. Huff tensed up as he finally gripped the base of the plug with his teeth and pulled it out. He felt relieved for a second and then he knew what was coming next. George walked away for a second and he could hear him lube his dick up.

"Bareback," George asked.

"Go ahead," he replied.

"Like you had a choice."

George inched into his tight ass with his cock. Huff let out a slight grunt as it entered him. George gripped Huff's shoulder to get more leverage. He felt the hand grip him hard. He slowly started to get his dick in him, but soon he was balls deep inside of him. Huff let out and even louder grunt as he piled his dick in him. He pulled out and slammed back into him. Huff felt his knees buckle slightly. He pulled out and slammed back into him, this time his hips collided with Huff's ass. He kept this up and finally picked up the pace. Huff got used to the feeling and let go. He loved the feeling of being fucked in the ass. He couldn't explain it, but he loved it. He wanted it more and more. George became a bit rougher and slapped his ass hard and dug his nails into his butt cheeks. 

"You like that?"

"Fuck yeah," Huff replied.

Huff stood up for a second and bent back over. This time he moved his arms under his head and propped his ass up some more. George slid out of him and Huff inched up the bed some more and laid flat on the bed on his stomach. George got on top of him and began to fuck his ass some more. 

"Fuck," Huff yelled out as George plunged deep into him.

"God damn," George smiled as he repeatedly thrust in and out of him.

He pulled out and turned him over and kissed him.

"I needed this," Huff started.

"Yeah."

"I haven't had sex in a while."

"Same here," George smiled, "just broke up with my boyfriend."

George laughed and entered him again. They fucked in the missionary position for a few minutes. Huff could tell George was going to cum soon. He was bit older and didn't have the stamina. George began to fuck Huff harder and harder. He set him on the bed so that Huff's erect cock was directly over his mouth. He plunged deeper into his ass and soon he began to lose control, as did Huff. 

"I'm gonna," Huff started.

"So am I," George laughed.

Huff felt the warm seed enter him as his own cock spurted out upon his face. Most of it fell on his face, a bit got in his mouth. George pulled out of Huff and walked away from the bed. Huff lowered his legs and sat up on the bed. Huff felt his seed escaping his ass; he moved his hand underneath his ass and tried to catch it with his hand. George walked up to him and kissed him and licked up some of the cum off his face.

"That's what I needed," Huff laughed.

"Same here," George laughed as he slapped his ass.

"Owe," Huff smiled.

They walked into the living room to find Alex passed out on the couch.

"We could play with her boobs," Huff laughed.

"Or you two can get the fuck out," George said in a serious tone.

Huff bent over and woke Alex up.

"What," she said in a groggy tone covering her breasts.

"I'm just fucking with you," George laughed.