 I untied the lines and I couldn't believe I was really doing it. I stowed the ropes on Ben's center console boat and slid next to him on the leaning bench as he navigated us out of the slip. It was a large, new boat with all bells and whistles and Ben had an iPad mounted on the console with a porn already playing. It was the middle of the week and there weren't many people on the docks but I was still surprised. He saw my expression and just laughed. I was nervous and excited knowing that soon I was going to be taking a cock like the girl on the screen. 

I had been bi-curious for a long while and like many I had chickened out plenty of times. I had met Ben on one of those sites of guys looking to hook up. We had messaged for a while without anything ever happening for one reason or another. I would stop visiting the site for a while then come back; he did the same. Eventually I agreed to meet and today I was finally going through with it. We both fished so he said let's go out on his boat that way no one would catch us and that helped calm my nerves. We loaded bait and rods just like any two guys going to catch some fish on the ocean. 

Ben was bi, mid 30s and naturally athletic. He wasn't a model but he was one of the better looking guys you'd see at the bar. As we rode out under the July morning sun his tan was dark and as I was about to find out it barely had any tan lines. He told me he was experienced and would show me a good time my first time around. 

We went slow out of the marina waving at the other boats, threesome video playing on the dash where they couldn't see. I was hard during certain scenes staring at the screen then coming back to reality I'd steal a glance at Ben's lap but quickly look away. He laughed, "You don't have to pretend like you're not looking." He then rubbed the inside of my thigh but avoiding my cock. It made me more apprehensive if I should be doing it. It went against so many taboos but it turned me on so much. 

The skies were clear and the water was calm. After riding for over an hour we got to a good spot and put out our lines. Ben had taken his shirt off during the ride, I couldn't take my eyes off his tan chest and shoulders. He started to lotion himself up and handed me the bottle. I was shaking the whole time I was putting on the sunscreen; my own hands running all over myself. He turned me around squeezed some on my back. My nerves made me freeze but Ben's firm hands massaged me until I relaxed a little. He rubbed the sunscreen in not forgetting about the skin under my waist band. He slid a hand down my back a finger between my ass cheeks. I tensed up and he laughed again. 

"You get me now," Ben said. He squeezed lotion in my hand and turned around. As I was rubbing his toned back he undid his shorts and stepped out of them. I paused and he directed my hand to his butt. His ass in my hands I got rock hard again. "May I?" Ben asked as he undid the string on my shorts pushing them down to my ankles. 

Naked, cock to cock on the boat was further than I thought I could go. I smiled reaching out to Ben's nice cock. We'd sexted plenty so I'd seen pics of his cock before but in person for the first time was intoxicating. It wasn't huge, maybe 6 inches, but it was the first one I'd had hard in front of me. I'd stolen plenty of looks in the locker room over the years but never like this. I stared at the veins different from mine, traced the mushroom tip, let the precum wet my finger. Nervous and without prompting I got down on my knees. I was breathing heavy and scared I would chicken out so I only stared at Ben's cock inches from my face. I leaned forward opening my mouth. It felt amazing! I stroked up and down with my mouth, my tongue rubbing the underside of his smooth dick. Ben moaned letting me know I was doing okay. Kissing the tip and taking it in I was having fun. My jaw was getting tired so I pulled his cock from my mouth to lick his balls. One hand on his thigh and one hand on his sack I covered them in my spit. I felt like such a little whore. Ben pumped his dick to get a big drop of precum then directed it onto my lips. I opened my mouth letting him slide back into me. His breathing was getting heavy and his ass was flexing. I knew he was going to cum soon. Do I spit or swallow, I didn't know what I was going to do. While I was trying to form a plan he came in me. My mouth was suddenly full of his warm, salty cum. I gagged. I swallowed some of it and had some just spill out of my mouth. 

"It's okay, I like the look of you with my cum on your chin" smiled Ben. 

I was just kneeling on all fours cum in my mouth not sure what to do next but it felt good. Ben guided me to the front sun deck and laid me down. He tossed my small bag of toys next to me. "Give me a show and leave that cum on your face," he said as he sat down opposite of me working his flaccid cock back to life. He told me that he was going to have me do this, said it was gonna help us both. 

I opened my bag and picked out a set of vibrating anal beads that tapered from small to large. I put on a generous amount of lube to the first few beads and my smooth asshole. I rolled onto my back spreading my knees and pushed in the first bead. The rolling of the boat helped me play with my ass for Ben. He stood up and wiped the precum off my dick with his and used it to rub his not yet fully hard cock back to life. The toy in my ass and Ben watching was exhilarating. 

After some time Ben pulled out a condom and I smiled knowing what was coming. I lubed it up more for him before he turned me over. I felt so relieved when those beads came out. I relaxed so much and then I felt the head of Ben's cock against my hole. He pushed in and as many times as I had used toys this was better. Bent over letting that cock fuck me felt so good. I couldn't take it any longer and I came so hard with Ben in my ass. He kept fucking me until I was limp under him. He pulled out his still hard cock and just laid there next to me. We stayed naked and intertwined for a while enjoying the sun until it was time to head in. 

We pulled all our gear in fired up the motors. We had a long ride in so we decided to stay naked a while longer. I loved watching Ben's dick bounce up and down when we went over each wave. With so many miles to go before we expected to see another boat I slid between the captain and the wheel on my knees one more time. "I have some girls coming out Saturday. You could teach them a thing or two," Ben said with a smile. With his cock on my outstretched tongue all I could do was smile and nod.