 (This story is a prequel to "Bobby and the Cop".)

*

I started my second year of college still a closeted, shy, awkward virgin. My first year of college, I never really clicked with anyone. It was my fault, of course. I was afraid to speak to people I didn't know. I was friendly with people on my floor in the dorm and with some people I shared several classes with, but I wouldn't call any of them friends.

My freshman year roommate joined a fraternity, so we didn't hang out and he opted to room with a friend this year. So in my second year, I had to have the school assign me a roommate. He was a transfer student from a community college. I could tell right away that he didn't like me. I was too nerdy and he was too preppy.

I'm a computer science major and I didn't have my own computer, so I did my computer work in one of the big computer labs on campus.

I headed to the computer lab Thursday night to finish up my programming assignment that was due on Friday. I signed in and headed to my assigned PC. I pulled out my notes and assignment from my backpack, logged into the network and opened my program code and started working.

I had been working for an hour or so when a backpack dropped on the table next to me. I looked up and a huge guy plopped down in the seat next to me. He was wearing a gray football team t-shirt. He had black hair and a goatee, but looked like he hadn't shaved in a few days, so he had some scruffy beard growth. He signed into his terminal and pulled out his notes and papers. I smiled to myself as he stared at the screen and scratched his head. He was the kind of dumb jock that terrorized me in high school and I felt somewhat satisfied knowing that he was clueless sitting in front of a computer.

I tried to return my concentration to my own screen, but it was difficult with him sitting next to me. I really wanted to check him out, but I didn't dare for fear of getting my butt kicked. Not to mention that he was flipping through his book and notes and grumbling to himself, so he probably wasn't in a very good mood.

"Fuck," he mumbled as he returned to tapping on the terminal keyboard.

While he was having troubles, I was making pretty good progress and started on the last part of the assignment.

"Hey. Kid," he whispered to me.

I looked over at him and he was looking at my screen.

"Do you know about this shit?" he asked. "Fuck, what the hell are you working on?"

"It's my CS210 assignment."

"Do you think you can help me?" he asked. "I can't figure out what I'm doing wrong."

He looked at me like a lost puppy dog and my heart melted. Combined with his southern accent and deep voice, there was no way I could say 'no'.

"Sure, what are you working on?" I asked.

He grinned big and he had nice white teeth. He had a boyish face and his cheeks were slightly red. He was really cute. I smiled back at him.

He scooted his chair over and I moved closer. He handed me the assignment and I looked it over. It really a simple BASIC program from CS105 Intro to Computers. The kind of stuff I did on my PC back in middle school. I looked at his screen and immediately saw what he was doing wrong. I pointed out the flaw in his logic and he made the change and it ran without an error.

He smiled big as he looked at the screen. "Oh, man, that's awesome," he said, then turned to me. "Thanks, little dude."

"You're welcome," I said with a smile.

I gave him a hint on what to do next and then returned to my own code. As I was putting the finishing touches on my assignment, he leaned towards me and whispered, "Hey, kid."

I looked at him and whispered, "I'm not a kid. I'm 19 years old, probably the same age as you."

He grimaced and apologized. "Oh, sorry. I didn't mean it in a bad way."

I shrugged. "It's okay."

"Can you tell me if this is right?"

I looked over his assignment again and looked at his code. He had one small mistake and I showed it to him and he quickly fixed it. It ran without errors and produced the correct output to his inputs.

"Oh, shit, it's working."

He looked at me and flashed me that charming grin and then slapped me on the back. I tried to be cool, but that really hurt!

"Dude, thank you so much. You saved my ass," he chuckled. "My name's Bo, by the way."

"I'm Bobby."

"Cool. I hope I didn't keep you from your work too much. You almost done with what you're working on?"

"It's no problem. I was just getting ready to submit it."

"Where do you live?" he asked.

"Eldridge."

"We're neighbors then. I'm in Fox. If you're finishing up, I'll walk back with you."

"Yeah, give me a few minutes."

It was almost 11:00 and well after dark. It was kind of scary walking on campus this late, especially after that student was assaulted while running at the track a couple of weeks ago.

After logging out, we signed out at the desk and then headed back to the dorms.

Bo stopped and lit a cigarette as soon as we got out of the building. He offered me a cigarette and I declined.

We walked at a pretty slow pace and made small talk. He was a business major and played guard on the football team. He was a sophomore like me, but was 20 years old. Since his birthday was in December, he didn't start school with the rest of the kids his age. He was from Dacula, Georgia and had a football scholarship. That explained the accent.

I'm sure we looked like an odd pair. I was 5'8" and skinny as a rail, black hair and brown eyes, nerdy looking with glasses.

As we walked and talked, I was able to check him out without it looking suspicious. Bo was 6'3" and huge. He had very short dark brown hair and the color of his beard matched. His eyes were a hazel color. He had big hands and feet, big arms and legs, a barrel chest and a rounded belly. I'd later find out he was 310 pounds and wore size 14 shoes.

The end of his cigarette glowed red as he inhaled. He held it in and then blew out the smoke. It was kind of smelly and disgusting, but it was also kind of sexy. He looked very masculine when he smoked. When he wasn't taking a drag, he held it down to his side and he flicked the ashes off the end with his thumb.

I noticed right away that when he talked to me, he looked me right in the eyes. At first it was a little bit disconcerting. I wasn't used to making eye contact like that with people, especially with another guy. But I was mesmerized by his eyes and I couldn't look away.

When we walked into the shared lobby between our dorms, he thanked me again for helping him and we separated and went up to our own rooms.

***

That next Wednesday, I was in the lobby checking my mailbox when I heard Bo's voice. I looked up to see Bo and a large muscular black guy walking in the lobby. He noticed me and called out to me and motioned me over to him.

"Hey! Bobby!"

"Hi, Bo."

"Hey, little buddy. This is my roommate, Darius. Darius, this is Bobby. The computer genius I was telling you about."

"Hi," I said shyly. Darius grunted a greeting, then shook my hand and squeezed it hard enough to make me wince.

"You gonna go to the computer lab today or tomorrow?" Bo asked.

"Yeah, I was going to go tonight."

He flashed me the charming smile. "Do you think you could help me out again?"

"Sure."

"Cool. How 'bout I meet you in the lobby here at 8:00?"

"Okay. See you then."

I met Bo in the lobby at 8:00 and we headed up to the computer lab. We spent a couple hours there, and I finished my assignment pretty quickly. It built upon last week's assignment and was pretty simple. I spent a good amount of time helping Bo, trying to explain the concepts and helping him when he got stuck. When he got it finished and running correctly, he was so excited that it made me laugh.

It was just after 10:00 when we were walking back to the dorm. We were talking and laughing and Bo was very playful. He made a stupid joke and gave me a nudge with his arm and I practically fell over, but he quickly grabbed my arm and kept me from falling. We were both laughing really hard.

Bo pulled out his pack of cigarettes and lit a smoke.

"You got a girlfriend?" he asked me.

"No."

"Oh. Boyfriend then?"

"What? No, I'm not... I mean, I like... girls."

"Uh-huh," he said as he tilted his head back and exhaled the smoke he was holding.

We continued on in awkward silence. Oh god, he knew I liked boys. He must have seen me checking him out. I was scared to death. I swallowed nervously and my hands were shaking.

"I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable, Bobby. You don't need to be scared of me."

He nudged my shoulder again with his arm and I stumbled again and he laughed. I couldn't help but laugh, too. He was like a bull in a china shop.

When we got to the lobby, he invited me up to his room for a beer, to thank me for my help. I had never had a beer before and I certainly never hung out with a jock before. I tried to act cool and said sure and followed him up to his room.

"Home sweet home," he said as we walked in. He turned on the lights and we dumped our backpacks on the desk. His room was set up just like mine, of course. When you walked into the small room, the closets were on the left and the door to the bathroom you shared with your suitemates was on the right. There was one long table divided into two desks, plus two single twin beds. In between the beds, he had a table with a small TV with a built in VCR and a mini-fridge underneath it.

He told me his roommate Darius was out on a date with his new girlfriend.

Bo pulled out a couple of cans of beer from the mini-fridge. He turned on the TV and we sat down on his bed. He took a big swig of beer and let out a loud and exaggerated "Aah!" and we both chuckled. I tried to copy him, but ended up choking and coughing. He doubled over in laughter.

"You don't drink much, do you?" he said.

"This is kinda my first beer," I replied.

"Oh, a virgin," he said and wiggled his eyebrows.

I blushed deep red and looked down and sipped my beer.

"Sorry, little buddy," he said with a smile. "I didn't mean to hit a nerve," he chuckled. "There's nothing wrong with being a virgin."

I took a big drink of the beer and managed to squeak out, "Oh. Are you... you know... a virgin, too?"

"Nah. I lost it when I was a freshman in high school."

I looked at him in shock. "Oh. Wow."

He shrugged. "Being on the football team gets you laid pretty regularly."

"Oh... yeah, I guess it would."

I wanted to say that being in the computer club does NOT get you laid, but I think that would have been stating the obvious.

Bo tipped his head back and finished off his beer. "Want another one?"

"No, I still got about half."

Bo tossed his can in the trash and grabbed a second, popped it open and sat back down close to me. I was feeling really nervous all of the sudden and I had to pee.

"Can I use your bathroom?" I asked.

"Sure."

I got up and shut the bathroom door behind me. I was surprised that it was as clean as it was, with four jocks sharing it. I stood at the toilet trying to calm my nerves. I took a deep breath and then did my business. After I washed my hands, I walked back in the room. Bo was laying back on his bed with his hands linked behind his head and his legs crossed at the ankles.

"Oh, if you're tired, I should go," I said.

"Nah, I'm just getting comfortable. There's still plenty of room. Kick your shoes off. Sit with me."

There really wasn't plenty of room since Bo was such a big guy. I toed my shoes off and sat down on the bed near the middle.

"Relax, Bobby. Have a drink."

Bobby handed me my beer off the table and I took a big swig. My face was already starting to feel warm. I took another big gulp and set the beer on the table and looked at Bo. He shifted closer to the wall to make more room for me.

"Get comfortable, little buddy," he whispered as he reached up and gently pulled my arm.

I hesitated for a second, then laid down next to him, flat on my back. I turned my head towards him as he rolled onto his side and propped his head up on his hand. His hazel eyes locked onto my brown eyes. My heart was beating a mile a minute and my penis was throbbing uncomfortably in my jeans. Bo took off my glasses and reached over me to set them on the table.

Bo's right hand moved down to my stomach and he slowly ran it up my chest, then my neck and then rested it on my cheek. He leaned in and kissed me on the lips. He tasted faintly of beer and cigarettes, but his lips were warm and soft. His beard whiskers ticked my face. I wanted him to kiss me again.

We closed our eyes and tenderly kissed again and again. I turned slightly towards him and put my left hand on his rounded belly. Bo moved even closer and straddled me, and his leg moved between mine. His kisses grew more sensual and when he opened his mouth, I did the same. Bo pulled back and I opened my eyes and looked at his face and he smiled at me.

"You're a good kisser, Bobby. And so cute."

"Thanks," I blushed. "You are too."

"You ever kissed another guy before?"

"No. Have you?"

He chuckled. "Yeah. You ever kissed a girl before?"

"Yeah. My senior prom date. We just kissed once though, for about a second."

I reached my hand up and touched his face and stroked his beard. He closed his eyes and quietly moaned. When I ran my thumb close to his lips he growled and nipped at my thumb. I jumped and we laughed.

"You like my beard, Bobby?"

"Yeah. It's sexy."

"Oh yeah? Wait until I take my shirt off," he said with a chuckle. "But you first."

He pushed back and pulled my shirt up and over my head and dropped it onto the floor.

"Oh, that's fuckin' nice," he whispered as he ran his hand up and down my chest and stomach. He lightly played with my nipples and my body shuddered as they stiffened into tiny peaks.

I reached my hands up to the bottom of his shirt and he grabbed and pulled it off and tossed it onto the floor. His body was covered from his collarbones to his waist in dark hair. It was thickest in the middle of his chest. His body was soft. He had pronounced pecs and his stomach was rounded. He had big arms that looked very strong. He had a large cross tattoo on his right upper arm. He was the sexiest man I had ever seen. And not only was I getting to see his body, but I was getting to touch him.

My breathing quickened and I reached up and ran my hands over his stomach and chest.

"You like my body?" he asked.

"Yeah. It's awesome."

"Something told me you were into bears."

I looked at him questioningly.

"Big hairy guys," he said. "Like me."

I nodded at him. "Oh. Yeah."

He moved down on top of me and wrapped his beefy arms around me. He kissed me hard and passionately, pushing his tongue into my mouth. My arms moved around his body and I rubbed his back as we French kissed. When his mouth moved along my jaw and then licked down the side of my neck, my body shuddered and shivers went up and down my spine.

As I moaned, he chuckled. "I think I found your spot," he said.

His mouth bit around the base of my neck and he sucked the skin into his mouth. I moaned and gripped his shoulders.

"Oh... Bo..."

Bo kissed the crook of my neck and moved down and kissed the middle of my chest. He licked his way to my nipple and sucked it into his mouth. As he sucked it, his tongue flicked over the sensitive skin and I about leapt out of his bed.

"Oh god, oh god..."

Bo groaned and moved further down. He kissed my flat stomach and his hands moved to my pants. He unbuckled my belt and undid my jeans. I rested my hands on his shoulders and clamped my eyes shut. I lifted my butt up to help him pull my jeans off, leaving me only wearing my briefs.

He got off the bed and I opened my eyes and looked at him. He stared down at my body and squeezed the large bulge in his jeans.

"Just a second," he said.

He walked to the door and pulled off a rubber band that was dangling on the doorknob. He opened the door and put the rubber band on the outside doorknob, then shut and locked the door. He walked to the bed and undid his jeans and pushed them to the floor. His plaid boxer shorts were tented down to the left.

I moved closer to the wall to give him room and he climbed into the bed and we laid on our sides facing each other, kissing and touching. His hands ran down to my underwear and my body jerked as he ran his hand over my dick. He rubbed it and squeezed it and I moaned into his mouth.

"I'll show you mine if you show me yours," he joked.

I blushed and we both laughed. I gulped and then took a deep breath and slid my briefs off. He grabbed them and dropped them onto the floor behind him. He slid his boxers off and threw them over his back onto the floor.

We stared down at each other and I discovered that Bo was big everywhere. His dick was hard and laying against his stomach, jutting out from a forest of curly black fur. He was over 7 inches long and thick. His foreskin was retracted behind the head, which was red and sticky. He had large, low hanging balls.

My dick was much smaller, nearly 5 inches, and thinner than his. My balls were drawn up close to my body and my pubes where thin and wispy.

"That's nice, little buddy," he whispered.

"Yours is too."

He reached down and took it into his hand. I did the same with his and we slowly stroked each other as we French kissed. He pushed me onto my back and kissed his way down my chest and stomach. I closed my eyes and leaned my head back in the pillow.

When I felt his warm wet mouth enclose my dick, I groaned loudly. It was the most wonderful thing I ever felt in my life. Until he started moving his head up and down and gently sucking. I couldn't hold back any longer.

"Bo," I quietly warned. "I'm gonna shoot."

Bo backed off and laid on his side next to me. His mouth enclosed my left nipple and he stroked my slick cock nice and slow with his left hand. My breathing quickened rapidly and my stomach tightened and my back arched. I was about to have my first orgasm at the hands of another man. I bit my lip to keep from crying out too loudly and I exploded. My body jerked and shuddered as I squirt load after load of come onto my torso.

"Fuck. That little thing can shoot," Bo said with a chuckle.

I panted and giggled, drunken with pleasure.

"You got me," he said. He wiped his cheek with his finger and sucked it into his mouth. He reached down and grabbed his boxer shorts. He wiped the rest with his boxers and then cleaned up my body. He tossed the sticky shorts onto the floor and laid back flat on his bed.

"My turn," he said with a chuckle.

I rolled onto my side and kissed him. I ran my hands down his chest and belly and wrapped my hand around his shaft. He was incredibly thick and incredibly hard. He felt like hot steel in my hands, but the skin was soft and it slid up and down so easily.

He moved his hand to the back of my head and gave it a gently nudge. "Get a little closer."

I moved down so that my head was on his belly. As I stroked him with my right hand, I stared at his cock, memorizing every inch of it. Another nudge of my head brought me closer. He was so close to my mouth. The smell was strong... sweaty and musky and unlike anything I ever smelled before. Blood surged down to my groin and I stiffened again.

As I stroked it with my right hand, I reached my tongue out and lapped at the sticky fluid around the head. Salty. Tasty. Delicious. Bo moaned loudly and it encouraged me to continue. I took the head into my mouth and wrapped my lips around the ridge. I pushed my mouth down.

"AH!" he hissed. "Cover your teeth."

"Sorry."

"It's okay. You're doing great."

I took him back into my mouth and started moving my head up and down like he had done to me.

"Suck a little harder," he whispered. "Use your hand with your mouth."
