 As soon as they got into the room Bobby was immediately pulled down onto Paul's lap as Paul sat down on a big bed in the center of the room. Nick was also pulled down onto the bed and Jake was pulled into a chair. Once again Paul's lips were on Bobby's and Bobby shivered as he felt Paul's big hands sneak up and under his teddy. When Paul's hands reached Bobby's nipples he gave them a little tweak before breaking the kiss to lift Bobby's teddy over his head. Paul unceremoniously tossed Bobby's teddy across the room, pushed Bobby down on the bed, and moved on top of him. With one hand he gently tweaked Bobby's nipple as he feasted on the other one with his mouth. 

Bobby was beginning to get scared. Things were happening too quickly. He was doing things he never should have done. Never wanted to do. 18 year old Bobby never imagined he would go farther with a man than he ever had been with a woman. But oh he felt so good and his friends were doing it too. 

"You have great tits," said Paul.

Bobby was confused. "But I'm a boy."

"These are no boy's tits." Paul continued to play with Bobby's nipples making them red, wet, and stiff. Bobby couldn't help but let out the occasional moan. 

Suddenly the nipple play stopped and before Bobby realized what was happening his panties had been torn off and thrown across the room. 

"Paul!" squeaked Bobby nervously. He was naked in a bed with another man. What was happening?

"Don't worry baby I'm just going to finger you. You liked when I fingered you before." Bobby tried to think of something to get out of it but he had liked being fingered before and Paul being so much bigger than him it wasn't like he could go anywhere without his consent. He would just let Paul finger him once more, cum, and then he would leave.

Once again Paul slipped a finger inside Bobby. "You're so tight and moist." Bobby blushed; he wished Paul wouldn't say those kinds of things to him but, oh, oh Paul's finger felt so good as it pushed deep inside him. Suddenly Bobby felt a small pang and a stretch as Paul slipped another finger in beside the first. Bobby let out a little moan of pain.

"Don't worry you'll get used to it before you know it. Plus thicker is always better for a little faggot like you."

"I'm not a faggot," said Bobby trying to push Paul off him, but it was like pushing against a brick wall.

Paul chuckled. "I'm sorry I called you a faggot baby." Bobby relaxed again. He might as well enjoy the sensations that were now once again becoming pleasurable since it seemed like he wasn't going anywhere. 

Paul continued to plunge his fingers into Bobby as Bobby panted in pleasure. "You like that sweetie?" Bobby blushed but had to admit he did indeed like it.

"You'll like this even better than." Paul began scissoring his fingers before slipping in a third. 

"Too much! Please stop."

"No baby I have to stretch you. Get you wet. Make you ready." 

"Ready for what?"

"For fucking." Bobby began struggling harder than he ever struggled before but Paul didn't move an inch. 

"No...please no. I don't want to be fucked."

Paul laughed. "Yeah right. You let a man buy you drinks all night long, flirt with him, go up with him to his room, let him lubricate and stretch you, but no you don't want him to fuck you."

"I don't. I'm sorry if I led you on. Please I'm not gay."

"You were in a gay bar."

"I just wanted to drink. I'm not gay. Please."

Paul stopped his fingering but only to take out his large erection. Bobby looked down at it; it was long, thick, and black with a large head shinny from pre-cum. Paul rubbed his cockhead along Bobby's small erection. Bobby couldn't prevent his penis jerking in excitement from the sensation. "See Bobby this is a man's dick. You only have a little faggot's dick, you will never pleasure someone with your little cock, but you are lucky you have a sweet ass that can pleasure a cock and I have a big fuckstick that can pleasure you." Paul began to gently rub his penis on Bobby's hole.

Bobby began to cry. "Please. Please no. I'm a virgin. I'm only 18."

"You don't think I know that sweetheart. Of course I do. I wouldn't spend so much time or money on all those drinks if you weren't something special, a young sexy little virgin for me to fuck. Now stop those tears it's going to happen. You're about to lose you're little cherry to me. You should be excited you will no longer be a virgin."

"Please no. I don't want to lose my virginity to you. I want to lose it to a girl." Bobby could feel Paul's cock rubbing at his hole it was so big, so thick.

"Well baby that's not going to happen. You're going to be fucked; I'm going to take your virginity, your ass, and you're manhood. Make you a faggot. You can never be a real man once you know what it feels like to take a cock in your ass. Now just relax it's going to happen. It will hurt; it always hurts when a cherry's busted but don't you worry you are going to love it too."

Bobby screamed as Paul plowed his cock into his ass. With one good shove it slipped past his sphincter. 

"Oh no, I have cock in me!" Bobby cried out. 

"Oh baby, you're so tight."

It hurt so much. Paul continued to push into Bobby. In-out in-out a few times and soon Bobby had taken Paul's cock to the root. Tears poured from Bobby's eyes.

"Shhh. Shhh. Stop your tears it's over. You are no longer a virgin. No more fighting, now there's nothing left to do but to just lay back and love it."

The only consolidation, which was a small one at best, was Bobby knew he wouldn't love it. It hurt. Hurt too much to ever feel good. Paul rested his cock inside Bobby for a few moments and then began to slowly pull his cock in and out of Bobby. It started to hurt less and Bobby appreciated the relief from the pain. 

Then suddenly a moan erupted from Bobby's lips; the pleasure was so intense that Bobby couldn't stop himself. Paul's cock had hit that thing inside him that felt so good when his finger touched it but it was so much better with a cock. 

"I told you you would love it," Paul said to Bobby. "I'm the cockmaster," he then yelled over to Jerome. 

"Just because yours is a bigger cock slut than mine doesn't mean your any better of a fucker." 

Jerome's voice pulled Bobby out of the bit of stupor he had been in. Out of the corner of his eye he could see Jerome fucking Nick. Nick didn't seem to be enjoying it at all. Bobby felt himself crying again his face turning oh so red. He was being fucked by a man and he liked it. Nick knew he liked it. Jerome said he was a cock slut. What was wrong with him? How could he like being raped by a man?

Bobby couldn't help it he moaned again. "I told you you would love it baby," Paul said, "I didn't take more than 30 seconds of my big dick in your ass to make you a little cock loving faggot."

"No—oooh, oh god," moaned Bobby loving the sensations but hating Paul's words.

"Look down sweetie." Bobby did. He could see his cock rock hard his hips fucking back on a giant cock that looked so black between his milky white thighs.

Bobby moaned in shame and pleasure. The shame seeming to lead to pleasure and the pleasure seeming to lead to shame all so mixed up in poor Bobby's head.

"Fuck me. Oh god! Oooh, oh god! I'm a slut! God! Oh!" Bobby realized he was shouting something out aloud but he was too caught up in pleasure to catch his own words. 

"Oh baby you feel so good!"

Paul's cock was so long and thick and hard in Bobby. He was so stretched. He could feel the brush of Jerome's hair on his sensitive hole, Paul's big muscular body overlaying his own. All these sensations added to the pleasure of Paul's cock thrusting in his ass. 

"Fuck. Oh fuck. Yes. Just there. Oh!"

"You're going to come soon, all over yourself little Bobby. It will prove you are a faggot and loved to be fucked."

"Oh no."

"If you don't love being fucked all you have to do is not come."

"Ohh! Ok." 

Bobby tried he really did but with all the wonderful sensations he couldn't stop himself. Two more thrusts and Bobby was cumming. Spewing all over his and Paul's stomach. 

"You came! I knew you loved it."

"Oh, no." Bobby's coming had made his ass clench deliciously onto Paul's cock and soon he was shooting his own release deep into Bobby.

"Don't come in me!"

"Take it all faggot!"

"Oh you're coming in me!"

The feel of a man coming in Bobby was so dirty he couldn't help it he felt his cock start spewing again. 

*

Don't worry readers there's more to come. 