 Bobby felt Paul pull out of his passage followed by a trickle of Paul's semen. Bobby just lay there frozen. He felt sated but as the afterglow faded he felt so dirty. Paul stayed on top of him playing with his nipple.

"Thanks baby that was so hot."

He heard some moans and cries as Nick and Jerome finished up. It seemed that much like Bobby Nick had succumbed to the power of man sex. 

Paul got off of Bobby and before Bobby could get himself together enough to get off the bed he felt another body settle itself on top of him. It was Jerome. 

Jerome leaned down and kissed Bobby. Bobby tried to pull back but much like Paul it seemed Jerome could do whatever he wanted to him. 

"God you're sexy. Those sounds you made when you were getting fucked drove me out of my mind." 

"Please I just want to go home."

"No you don't. Now that you're not a virgin you have to learn to be the next best thing, a faggot slut."

"I don't want to be a faggot slut."

"Sure you do. That's what you said about being fucked and you loved it."

"I didn't love it!"

"Didn't you come, twice even?"

"Yes."

"That means you loved it. It's okay there's plenty of more cock coming you're way." Bobby shivered. "Don't worry I won't fuck you until you beg for it."

"I'll never beg for it. I don't like cock. I am not gay."

Bobby began to cry. Jerome leaned down brushing away Bobby's tears and kissing his cheeks gently. Then Jerome moved in to give Bobby a soft but passionate kiss. Bobby couldn't help but be drawn in. He tilted his head up and wrapped his arms around Jerome's neck. Jerome ran his hands up and down Bobby's sides. It made Bobby tingle.

Jerome kissed his way down Bobby until he reached Bobby's nipples and began moving from one to other providing plenty of oral attention. Bobby could feel his nipples hardening and that tingling sensation running through him again. 

"Oh." 

"You are wonderfully sensitive." Jerome kissed his way down Bobby till he reached Bobby's cock. He breathed on Bobby's cock and the warm air made it twitch just a little bit. He pushed Bobby's legs up so they were bent at the knees and spread them apart opening Bobby's hole up to the air. Jerome blew on Bobby's hole and Bobby felt it twitch. 

Jerome slid up Bobby again and once again began to suck and nibble on Bobby's sensitive nipples. This time Bobby could feel Jerome's penis erotically knocking on his entrance. This sent Bobby's hole it to an embarrassing set of twitches.

"Oh."

Jerome slipped his finger in Bobby's mouth and before Bobby realized what he was doing he was sucking on it. 

After it was nice and moist Jerome slipped it out of Bobby's mouth, kissed Bobby on the mouth, and proceeded to kiss his way back down Bobby's body. 

Jerome began to circle his finger around Bobby's hole not entering just circling and circling. 

"God," said Bobby. It was making him so twitchy. So confused. It was almost like he wanted something to slip inside him. 

Bobby couldn't help himself his hips pushed up and succeeded in pushing Jerome's finger a little bit into his ass. Jerome slipped his finger the rest of the way in. Bobby moaned and Jerome pulled his finger back out and went back to circling. "If you want me to finger you Bobby all you have to do is ask."

Could Bobby asked to be fingered? It seemed so incredibly shameful. But he needed it. "Oh God!" He needed something. 

"Please."

"Please what?"

"Please do it."

"Do what?" "I can't."

"You have to say what you want."

"Oh...Can you finger me?" Just as the word me left Bobby's lips Jerome's finger was plunging into his ass. The instant pleasure he felt just from that seemed to almost wash away the shame. Two more fingers quickly followed the first and this time Bobby felt no pain only pleasure.

Jerome fingered Bobby so well he couldn't stop himself from panting. He through his head back on the bed, sucking on his fist to keep himself quiet. Then he felt it, that feeling he was going to come again. Just as he was about to Jerome pulled out. 

It took a few moments for Bobby to regain his senses. Then he looked down at Jerome wondering why the man would stop him from feeling those wonderful feelings coursing through his body. 

"If you want to come it will have to be on my cock." 

"I don't want to be fucked again."

"Alright." Jerome began to lift himself off the bed. 

"Oh please finger me again." Jerome re-lubed his fingers and stuck them back into Bobby. Once again Jerome brought Bobby to the precipice before pulling out.

"Please." 

"I did what you asked Bobby."

"I want to come."

"So do I. All you have to do is asked to be fucked and I will make you come so hard."

Bobby felt himself almost consider it. He did want to come and Jerome did seem to do amazing things to his body. But he couldn't. Straight boys did not ask men to fuck them.

While Bobby was thinking Jerome blew on Bobby's hole and then licked a quick circle around Bobby's rim. 

"Oh my God!" Bobby yelled. Jerome's tongue felt unbelievable. Jerome thrust just the tip of his tongue twice into Bobby's hole and Bobby was a shivering panting mess. He couldn't think. He had to come. "Oh fuck me!"

Jerome didn't waste any time he plunged his cock into Bobby's as. Bobby was stretched and moist from his previous fucking and subsequent fingering so Jerome's cock slipped in with much less pain than his first fuck. Bobby did not like the idea that his body was becoming accustomed to being on the receiving end of a large dick. Only three thrusts later Bobby let out a series of moans and came all over his and Jerome's chests. 

"Oh yeah, milk my cock." Bobby may have come but Jerome was still going strong.

As Bobby had come he regained some of his senses he concentrate somewhat on his reality. He was being fucked, being fucked because he asked to be. Bur Bobby wasn't focusing on his humiliation for long, a few more thrusts and once again Bobby was lost in the fuck, letting out a litany of moans and pleas and fucking back on Jerome's cock.

For his part was Jerome was giving as good as he got thrusting and grinding into to Bobby over and over, harder and harder. 

Bobby was out of his mind in pleasure. It felt like bolts of lighting were running through him, in his cock in his ass. Time felt like it was speeding up faster and faster. Soon Jerome was bringing Bobby over the edge again and both participants were cumming hard. 

*

Thanks for all the great comments! Keep 'em coming. 