 Once again Bobby's afterglow faded and finally he was able to make himself sit-up. Still Bobby was somewhat dazed. As his sense of reality somewhat came back to him he noticed something odd, "Where's Jake?" 

"You just noticed," said Jerome with a deep chuckle. "He's been gone for ages, but I guess you have been a little distracted." For a second Bobby felt himself panicking. What could happen to Jake all alone by himself with an older man? Bobby then realized that much of what he was worrying might have happened to Jake had just happened to him. 

"Come on, I'll take you to where he is," said Jerome offering a hand to Bobby to help lift himself off the bed. Bobby looked back at Nick. "Don't worry little Nicky will come too." 

Bobby looked around for his clothes. "Don't worry you look scrumptious just as you are." 

"But I'm naked!"

"I know and covered in cum. Just how the man we are going to see likes his boys." Before Bobby realized what was happening he was being pulled down the hall into another room. 

The room was a luxurious office full of mahogany and leather. At a large desk sat an older man and perched on the corner of the desk was Jake still dressed in the teddy and panties he had come upstairs with. 

The man walked over to Bobby and Nick and Bobby attempted to hide his nakedness. Bobby wanted to cry rape but he could tell from the way the man was looking at him that he probably wasn't an ally.

"You boys look fantastic," said the man. "So well used." He moved closer to Bobby. "Your lips all red and swollen from kisses," he said as he ran his fingers across Bobby's lips. 

Jerome held on to Bobby's arms firmly to prevent him from moving or from covering himself. Who was this man, thought Bobby, touching him like he owned him? 

"Your nipples red and swollen too," he said as he caressed and plucked Bobby's nipples as they continued to harden, as did, embarrassingly, Bobby's penis. "Your stomach covered with the evidence of your pleasure at being used by men," as he ran his hand along Bobby's stomach stopping just before he reached Bobby's penis. "And your excitement continues," he stroked Bobby's partially hard cock. Bobby let out a small moan. The man walked around behind Bobby. "And this is the best part," he said just starring at Bobby for a moment. Then he continued, "Two different men's cum running down your thighs," he said running his hands up the inside of Bobby's thighs. Bobby trembled his face so red. He then separated Bobby's ass cheeks. "A well used hole." He slipped a finger inside Bobby. Your asshole is no longer the pretty neat pink virgin hole it was earlier today now it's so red, darkened, swollen, and tender like an overripe fruit. "You should thank Paul and Jerome for fucking you a pussy back here." 

"What?!" said Bobby shuddering. 

"What is a pussy?" The question seemed to be rhetorical as the man continued, "A hole for cocks, and that's what this is. "And to think just a few hours ago you were a virgin who considered himself straight."

"I am straight! These men raped me! How do you know that about me?"

"First of all, rape is such a nasty word. Little boys, particularly straight ones, don't come, what was it, five times, from a rape. Secondly, your little body tells me everything I need to know, but of course there is more. So thirdly, why don't you two have a seat," he said gesturing to Bobby and Nick. Neither boy moved. 

The man picked up two butt plugs from his desk and handed one to Jerome and one to Paul. "We don't want to get too much cum on the furniture." Jerome inserted the plug into Bobby and Paul inserted one into Nick. Both boys let out little grunts. Jerome and Paul led the boys over to two chairs in front of the man's desk. Jerome and Paul sat down on the chairs and each pulled one of the boys into their laps. The boys grunted again as this pushed the plugs even deeper into their asses. The man sat back down at his desk.

"First of all I should tell you I am the owner of this club. You may call be Mr. Von Steuben. In this club I encourage the coupling of younger boys and older men. I have owned this club for fifteen years now and quite early on I found that many men, particularly more wealthy and distinguished ones, did not enjoy having to meet boys in the bar scene. Some were too busy, some worried that they might be seen by the wrong people, they didn't meet the boys they liked, and many did not like the rejection and effort it took to take a boy to bed. They were used to getting what they wanted when they wanted it. I saw a need and decided to create an exclusive service for my elite customers. Now I won't get into the details with you now but to suffice it to say this service provides these men what they want when they want it.

Jerome and Paul here are two of my clients. I met with them discussing their likes, dislikes, and fantasies. Unlike many of my clients they enjoy the art of seduction but they wanted to ensure the right type of boy was there for them to seduce: white, young, petite, pretty, effeminate, shy, completely virginal and inexperienced. They also wanted the type of boy that would never come wander into this club on his own accord, a boy who believed he was straight and had no desire to have sex with a man. In other words, a boy just like you two. I have a long-standing relationship with the head of residences at your college; he is a client and often procures boys for me. Thanks to him I was able to peruse the files of incoming freshman and find you too. He is also set up one of my boys, Jake here, as your roommate. Jake than expertly convinced you to go along with each step of the evening, and here we are."

"What you did to us was wrong," shouted Bobby, "when I leave here I am going to the police!"

"Now you may just do that and I will not stop you, but before you make any rash decisions I wanted to lay out the consequences that will go with your choices. First of all, this entire establishment is outfitted with cameras and I have filmed every moment of your boys' evening. Every moan, every plea, every cum caught on tape. Anyone who saw it would know how much you enjoyed everything that happened to you this evening. 

Now here are your options. Option number 1 you do just as you said, you leave here and go to the police. I post the video of you on the Internet. Now trust me a video of young effeminate virgin boys being taken against their will by two older black men but loving every dirty second of it will be very popular. Men will download it; watch it again and again as they jack off. Share it. Even if it's taken down it will keep popping up. It will be viral and once a video goes viral, it will, just like the virus it is named after, it continue to spread. Men will watch it for years to come. Now we will of course then be taken to court and I have a team of top lawyers to defend us. I will claim that you boys agreed to film a porn movie for me, I even have signed consent forms for you." 

He pulled out forms with the boys' signatures. "My friend inserted these into your move in packets."

I will convince the jury that you just got cold feet after the video was posted. I will even has Jake here as a witness. I will probably win and all you will be left with is embarrassment. Either way I will ensure that the trial is very public. What will your defense be? You agreed to go to a gay bar and stood in the line for bottoms."

He pulled out of a remote and began to play clips from the evening of what he was describing on a nearby flat screen TV. "Dressed in lingerie, let big older black men buy you drinks. Sat on their laps flirting with them. Let them kiss, touch, and finger you in public, as other men in the bar looked on touching themselves. Bobby you even came from a man's finger in your ass. Still did you leave? No you asked the man to take you up to his room, went on his bed and let him strip you naked and continue to play with and finger you. The first sign of struggle was only when he took out his cock to fuck you, but a few seconds in you were loving that too. Now Nicky it might have taken you a little longer to get into it, but into you did. Bobby, then you have a second man on top of you, once again you resist for a few minutes, but this time you beg him to fuck you, cumming twice. And Nicky no resistance this time just pure joy. Even if the jury somehow believes that this is rape, what will your parents think, especially your fathers when they see that video? Isn't your father a minister Bobby? 

Now option number two you leave here go back to your dorm and try to forget his ever happened. I will still post the video online. You will find yourself walking down the street men leering at you and you will know they have seen your video. You might even find yourself pulled into an alleyway and taken by a man who knows you like it forced. You may find that in your first job your boss only hires you because he wants to fuck your little ass or conversely fires you after he finds out you were making gay porn in your college days. Perhaps your parents will still find out."

Bobby and Nick began to cry. There was no way out.

"But don't despair boys you still have a third option. In this option the video will not be posted on the Internet; I will keep it for my personal use and only show it to select clients. In exchange for my great generosity you will come and work for me until you graduate from college. You will pleasure my clients and I will even give you part of the profits you make. You boys are both very talented and enjoy it so it should be no real hardship for you. You will only have to work three days a week so you will be able to keep up with your studies. When you graduate it will just be a distant memory and your life will go on with your reputation untarnished. 

I will give you the until tomorrow afternoon to think it over but before I let you go I need to take care of just one thing."

Mr. Von Steuben stood up and unzipped his fly pulling out a sizable erection. "I have been watching you on the video cameras this entire evening and you boys have made me so hard, especially you little Bobby. Since it's your fault you will have to satisfy my erection." 

Bobby tried to squirm out of Jerome's grasp; he did not want to be fucked again, but Jerome was much too strong for him. Jerome stood up and carried Bobby behind the desk and pushed his chest down onto the surface, knocking the wind out of Bobby. 

Jerome went back to his seat and Mr. Von Steuben replaced him behind Bobby, keeping Bobby pressed to the desk and spreading his legs. 

Mr. Von Steuben slid his hand possessively up the back of Bobby's thigh producing an involuntary gasp from Bobby. He then moved his hand down between the boy's thighs cupping his balls and squeezing. "Don't," said Bobby as he tried to press his legs together. Bobby closed his eyes and pressed his face into the desk, he couldn't bear to look at Jerome, Paul, Jake, and worst of all Nick watching him being taken. He felt even more ashamed as once again his cock began to swell with arousal. 

Von Steuben moved between Bobby's legs and Bobby whimpered as his legs were spread back apart. Von Steuben removed Bobby's plug and began to run his finger down Bobby's crease. "So warm you want to be filled."  

"No!"

"Yes, you want me to finger you, you want me to fuck you while you beg for me to stop."

"God," said Bobby as his hips against his will mashed into the side of the desk bringing both pleasure and pain. Bobby was completely ashamed at how aroused he was. 

Von Steuben leaned over Bobby grasping his wrists and brining them over his head. He then leaned down to whisper in Bobby's ear. "I'm going to tease you with my fingers. They're nice and thick and I know how you like it thick. Bobby shook his head and let out a weak sound of protest. "Yes you do. Soon you'll be begging for more. You'll love my thick cock, you'll love it opening you, filling you, breeding you."

Bobby gasped and felt his erection throb. What was wrong with him? Why was this so exciting? This was so wrong.

Strong hands gripped his cheeks and then slowly parted them. He felt Mr. Von Steuben blow against his newly exposed entrance and he blushed as he felt it twitch in response. He could hear Mr. Von Steuben chuckle behind him.

"I think you want me to keep going," said Von Steuben as he coated his finger in lubricant.

"N-no. Don't. I don't want you to." 

He brought his finger to the boy's quivering hole. He teasingly rubbed it along the rim and was met with a shuddering whimper from Bobby.

"Oooh, don't."

He slipped his finger inside thrusting shallowly. Bobby no longer had the ability to form words and was instead reduced to whimpering, rutting, and spreading his thighs wide. 

Von Steuben added another finger, jabbed a few more times before withdrawing both fingers and slathering his erection with lubricant. He grabbed Bobby's hip with one hand, guiding his cock to tease against Bobby's hole. "You want this?"

"Ahh—no. No."

Von Steuben surged forward entering Bobby. "Take it. Open for me." He began with slow thrusts quickly moving to fast jabs taking pleasure in Bobby's choked whimpers.

Soon he was fully impaling Bobby, withdrawing completely with each thrust. Bobby had stopped resisting, simply breathing harshly and whimpering every few thrusts adding to the sounds of slapping flesh and creaking wood.

Bobby whined beneath him feeling himself shoving himself back on Mr. Von Steuben's cock completely against his will, once again lost in the fuck.

"Cum for me Bobby show me how much you liked to be fucked." Bobby cried out in shame and once again felt himself cumming, causing Von Steuben to come as well. 

Bobby moaned as he felt Mr. Von Steuben's cock pull out of him. His used hole twitched at the sudden absence and he flushed as he felt cum dribble out of him. He was incredibly sweating, messy, and exhausted not to mention sore everywhere. "Three men in one night Bobby. Tut tut aren't you becoming quite the slut." He heard Jerome and Paul begin to clap and whoop in enthusiasm. All the horror and embarrassment of the evening washed over Bobby and he began to sob.  



Thanks for the comments so far! Keep them coming!