 One of my favorite hobbies these days is playing disc golf. I picked it up a couple of summers ago and absolutely fell in love with it. If you've never heard of it, It's like golf but with frisbees. It's a lot more exercise then you might think, only as competitive as you make it, and just an all around good time. It's also free to play almost anywhere you go.

Another great aspect of it is the people you meet while playing it. From my experience most of the people that are into it are pretty laid back and down to earth. It's rare that you go out and not end up meeting someone new and making acquaintances with total strangers. Sometimes that turns into a situation where you see each other again at the course and you play a few rounds together, and sometimes, I recently found out, It can lead to something a whole lot more. This is a story of the latter... 

It was a beautiful mid summer day but not overly hot, perfect weather for playing. A buddy of mine named Mike and I were at a small course at a public park not far from my home. It was a pretty open course that made its way around a large field of grass. None of the holes were extremely long and were all par three's, with only the first two having any trees to contend with.

We had played those first two and were about to take our tee shots on the third hole when we noticed a guy by himself teeing off on number one. We didn't think anything of it and took our shots. We walked up to our discs and took our second shots and were ready to putt when I looked back and, to my amazement, the guy was standing at the tee box we just left, waiting for us to finish the hole.

We both made our putts and headed to next hole.

"Maybe we should wait and let this dude play through." said Mike.

"Yeah, for sure." I answered, "He must be pretty good."

Both of our jaws dropped as we watched him tee off. The guy could through a disc a mile! It was no longer a wonder how he caught up to us so quickly.

"Holy shit!" exclaimed Mike and I almost in unison.

After making it in in two shots, the guy walked up to where we were waiting and simply said "Hey."

Mike and I both said "Hey." back and then asked him if he wanted to play through.

"We could just play together," he proposed "if that's cool with you?"

We agreed it was fine with us and Mike and I introduced ourselves.

"My name's Dave." he said back and we all shook hands.

First let me say that Dave was fucking gorgeous! He was blonde haired and blue eyed and had a face that about stopped your heart. Second, that he was built like the proverbial "brick shit house"! He must have been about 6'4'' and even though he had on a pair of baggy shorts and a loose T-shirt, it was pretty obvious he did a lot more than just disc golf for a work out. 

We each took our tee shots and Dave threw his disc almost twice as far as Mike and I. The guy had a cannon for an arm!

"You sure you still want to play with us?" joked Mike.

Dave just chuckled and said "Yeah, it's always better to play with someone else than just with yourself."

I grinned and thought "Brother, I doubt you ever have to do that."

The course only had nine holes and didn't take long to get through so we ended up playing a few rounds with Dave and found that not only was he a complete mountain of a man but was super cool too. He was a hospice nurse around the area and was one of the nicest guys you could ever meet, and by the time we were done playing every cell in my body wanted fuck him.

We started heading back to the parking lot when we finally finished playing and as we walked I wanted to try and get his number very badly. I tried to think of some way of bringing up. Maybe something to do with meeting up to play together again or something but I just didn't have the balls to do it.

Just as we were about to reach our vehicles I realized what to do and that was change tactics.

"So, do you play here often?" I asked. I know it's a cliche at a bar or club, but who ever hears that a disc golf course? 

"Yeah," replied Dave "about once a week or so."

"Well, cool then. Maybe we'll see you out here again sometime." I said as nonchalantly as possible.

"For sure." said Dave and got in his car and drove off.

I made a mental note of the day and the time we got there and knew I would be back there very soon.

That next seven days went by like a snail crossing a freeway. I couldn't believe how slow time went. All I could think about was seeing Dave again and humping the daylights out of him. I must have masturbated with a dildo to the thought of him at least five times. I would fuck my ass imagining it was his hot cock and would cum within seconds.

I had no idea if he was into guys or not but I was sure as hell going to find out, even if it took me going to that damn course every damn week for the rest of the summer.

Finally, thank goodness, the week passed and I made sure and got to the course the same time we first went. I was pretty disappointed, to say the least, when I pulled in and the place was empty.

I sat in my car for a few moments completely bummed out and then decided that as long as I was there I might as well go out and play a round either way.

I was just getting my gear together and locking up my car when another car pulled in. I couldn't believe my luck, it was Dave! I got it right on the first try and was so excited that I had to stop myself from doing cartwheels around the parking lot.

"Play it cool..." I told myself as he got out of his car.

"Hey man," I said "how's it going?"

"Pretty good." Dave answered. "Back for more, huh?"

"Yeah. I really enjoyed this place, so I figured I'd come back out and give it another shot."

"Cool! I was hoping to see you out here again sometime."

"Hoping to see you out here again sometime?" I thought. Not a bad sign at all.

We played the first couple of holes and it was a great deal hotter out that day so we were quickly dripping with sweat by the time we got to the third tee box. I was walking up to take my shot when I heard Dave say "Man, it is warm out." and watched as he peeled off his shirt.

"Holy balls!" I nearly said out loud. His chest and abs were amazing! I think I may have dribbled a little goo in my pants at the sight of him and quickly went up to take my shot before he noticed the drool coming from my mouth.

It was one of the worst throws I've ever made, and was it getting even hotter out?

I moved out of the way for Dave and realized that it certainly was and figured that he had the right idea, so I pulled my T off as well.

"There you go..." Dave said to me with a big smile. I wasn't sure if meant the shot he just took or me stripping off my shirt.

"Way to hot out for clothing today." he added, answering my question, and I took it as another very good sign.

"I'd play this game completely nude if they let me." he continued, "Well... maybe just a jock"

The sudden visual of that made my cock nearly jump to attention like a kid getting his name called while sleeping in class, but I managed to control it and just kind of laughed and said "No doubt. That would be pretty awesome." leaving it up to him to figure out what I meant exactly.

We continued playing and I tried to gauge his sexuality by asking him vague questions. I wish I could have just asked "So, you like cock?" but that would have been way too forward even if he did, and I didn't want to blow what chance I may have had. His answers actually did give me a fair impression that he might be and, in fact, he got pretty damn flirty with me as we went along.

We ended up playing two rounds and when we were back at our cars we chatted for a bit longer. I said to hell with it this time and asked him for his number, saying that we could then make a plan to play together again sometime soon. He agreed saying it would be great to do so and gave it to me and I then gave him mine.

I wanted him so bad at that point but knew I had to take my time. This was going to be like landing a Marlin and I would have to just sit back and be patient. I said "See ya later." and told him I would call him soon and then headed for the small public bathroom they had to take a piss before heading back home.

I was just zipping up my shorts after taking care of my business when I heard a knock at the door. 

"Yeah?" I asked wondering who it was, but before I could even question my luck Dave walked in. He then shut the door, locked the sliding latch, and turned around. I knew at that moment what he was there for and couldn't believe it.

Without saying a word, he nearly picked me up off my feet and stuck his tongue in my mouth. We passionately kissed for a few seconds and then finally broke apart.

"Is this OK.?" asked Dave still holding me.

"Oh! It's more than OK!" I responded.

"Good!" said Dave and we went back at it.

We locked lips hard and made out for a while. I then slowly slide my hand down, opening Dave's fly, and stuck it down his shorts. His cock was already becoming erect and got harder as I tugged on it.

It got bigger and bigger and felt huge in my hand! We kept making out and I began to wonder just how big it actually was, and then determined to find out. 

I pulled away and crouched down. I then pulled his shorts down, finding he was full commando, and wow was it big! It wasn't extremely long, about eight inches or so, but was strikingly fat and just like the rest of him, absolutely magnificent. It had a thick base and a shaft that gradually tapered down to a slightly pointed, mouthwatering, circumcised head.

I grabbed a hold of his massive tool and started jerking it off slowly loving the heat and feel of it. I then stuck out my tongue and licked it from base to tip and then back down again savoring every inch. His sent was strong from all the sweating and I found it intoxicating. I feverishly bathed his plump cock with my tongue and then put the head in my mouth to really suck it.

I gobbled his dick like I was starving, sucking and sucking, and only stopping every so often to lick and kiss his shaft and salty balls.

"Fuck, you give good head!" moaned Dave but I didn't bother to reply and just stuck him back in-between my wet lips.

I tried getting as much of his huge rod down my throat as I could, and Dave began to positively fuck my face. He pounded away at my open mouth hard, and I was in heaven. I could have blown him for hours I was enjoying it so much, but that was not to be.

Dave tensed up and stopped thrusting. I knew what was about to happen so I quickly went back to sucking him with even more vigor. 

"Oh fuck!" he grunted loudly and began to unleash his thick load into my mouth.

The first blast went straight down the back of my throat. An absolute torrent of hot jizz then poured out of him and I kept my lips wrapped around his glorious head and stroked his throbbing shaft with my hand as he filled my mouth full with his delicious salty sweet cum.

I drank it all down in one big tasty gulp, licked my lips, and went back to sucking and licking his massive tool, trying to get every last yummy drop. 

"Wow!" Said Dave "That felt amazing." as I squeezed the last few morsels of goo out of his softening prick and licked them off.

"Glad you enjoyed it." I replied and then stood up and gave him a sticky kiss on the lips.

"You want me to return the favor?" 

I most certainly did. My cock was so hard you could have cut glass with it, but inspiration struck and I came up with a better idea than swapping head in a small public bathroom and decided to see if he was down for it.

"You can, but how about, in stead, you come with me to my place and we can pick things up there?

Dave thought about it for a moment and then said "Sure, let's do that."

"Fuck yeah!" I thought to myself but said "Cool." instead and then grabbed a few paper towels for Dave to clean himself up with. 

I told him to follow me and the whole way home I was so fucking excited. And horny! All I could think about was Dave's jumbo dick and hoping he was going to fuck me silly with it. The thought of his meaty rod hammering my little ass kept me hard almost the whole way home and it was all I could do to keep from playing with myself and driving straight off the road.

We got back to my place and we were both still pretty sweaty and dirty so I told him that if he wanted to use the shower to go ahead.

"Only if you join me." he said with a naughty little smirk.

I couldn't hardly say no to that so we got in together and rinsed of under the hot water. He pulled me close and started to kiss me tenderly and both of our cocks began to grow as they mashed together.

After making out a bit I grabbed the bar of soap and commenced to bathe him. I first went to his broad chest and slowly washed all over his muscular pecs, shoulders and arms and then moved south. I scrubbed all over his nether regions building up a good lather, put the soap down, and gently washed and massaged his ass, taint, and balls with my soapy hand.

"That feels so good." sighed Dave as I moved up and began stroking his now hard prick.

It felt remarkable in my hand being all slippery and wet and I started to pull on it harder.

"Mmm..." I groaned as I fondled him "Your cock is incredible."

"Glad you like it." he replied and picked the soap back up, "But now I thinks it your turn."

He then spun me around and pulled me close to him squeezing my back tight to his chest and I could feel his slick hard on pressing against me.

He bathed me all over while planting hot kisses on my neck, scrubbing me with the soap in one hand and caressing me with the other. When he finally went down and began to tenderly wash my balls and aching cock I thought I was going to explode.

Luckily he stopped rather quickly (maybe he knew) and instead gave my ass a good lathering.

"There," he whispered in my ear "nice and clean.", and then, with a slight giggle added, "I might want to make sure though."

He pushed me a little forward and told me to lean against the shower wall with my hands. Then, after crouching down, he proceeded to rub my ass with his strong hands. It felt unbelievable as he massaged my butt cheeks and I couldn't help but growl with pleasure when he pulled them apart and drove his face between them. 

Dave rimmed me like no other. He would give my ass long licks up and then down, and then would flick his hot tongue on and around my supple hole before driving it in deep. I grunted and groaned telling him how good it felt and started moving my back-end up and down loving the feeling of his face sliding across my crack.

"Fuck yes!" I whimpered with each lash and poke of his tongue.

He ate my butt for what seemed like forever and finally pulled away and stood up and just rubbed my button with his fingers as I stood there panting. 

"I think It's now my turn to make sure I got you good and clean." I said after finally catching my breath.

Dave just grinned and said, "Yeah, you probably should."

I quickly had him turned around with his legs apart as far as he could get them. I got on my knees and spread his sexy muscular ass open and man, what a sight! He had the cutest little butt-hole I think I've ever seen. It was completely hairless and perfect and I wasted no time diving in.

I rimmed him like a madman, relishing every flick of my tongue. I literally made love to his hole with my mouth, licking and even kissing it. I couldn't get enough, but just as I was really getting into it, tragedy struck! The hot water started to go out!

"Well, that sucks!" I bemoaned pulling my face from his splendid butt with the water quickly turning colder and colder.

"No kidding." laughed Dave.

We got out of the shower and did a very quick dry off. I then took him by the hand and led him to my bedroom saying, "Follow me."

"Lie down." I instructed him and then jumped on top of him straddling his waist and began to kiss him deeply.

Our tongues danced for a bit and then I slowly kissed and licked my way down his body until I got to his thick hard cock. I grabbed hold of it, kissed it all over, and stuffed it back into my hungry mouth.

I only blew him for a bit. His dick was beyond suckable, but what I really wanted was some more of that sweet sweet candy.

I took hold of legs under the knees and lifted them up. I was in love with man's asshole as well as his juicy big cock, and I immediately went to town on it.

I licked circles around it and fucked it with my tongue and made out with it like it was his mouth. All the while I could hear Dave breathing heavily with the occasional "God that feels good." sneaking out.

I was giving him the rimmer of all rimmers but eventually he placed his hands on the top of my head, lifted it up, and said "I want to taste your cock now."

"No problem!" I said and gave his ass one more long lick and the tip of his dick a fat kiss.

I mounted his chest, scooting up to the point where by balls were touching his chin, and slid my firm tool across his moist lips. He licked my shaft as I thrust slowly back and forth and a small bead of pre-cum oozed out of my hole. I let him lick it off and then moved back a little while he tilted his head forward and then put my helmet into his waiting mouth.

It felt so soothing to finally get my aching cock sucked and I reached back and managed to get a grip on Dave's to stroke while he blew me. 

I fucked his hot mouth in and out while jerking him off and then took my glistening rod out and rubbed it all over his cute face. Before long, though, I knew if I kept going I would cum all over it. I certainly wasn't ready to be done yet so I let go of his meat and got up further and gave him my smooth balls to play with.

Dave licked and sucked them gently taking each one in his mouth in turn and I then moved even further up so he could reach my hole. He held his tongue out and I ground my ass against it holding my cheeks apart with my hands.

As he gorged himself on my anus again my hole began to starve for his cock. All I wanted was to feel him deep inside of me, filling me up.

"God, I want you to fuck me." I said softly.

Dave just mumbled something as I continued to grind his face.

"You want to fuck me, baby?" I purred.

"Fuck yes!" said Dave after I lifted up some so he could speak.

I got off of him and reached into the drawer of my nightstand and pulled out a large bottle of lube.

"Here ya go, take this, and don't be afraid to use a lot of it. I'm gonna need it for that thing" I joked but completely meant it.

Dave took the bottle and told me to lie on my belly, which I did, and then knelt beside me. I first felt his hand caress my back and then glide down to my eager ass. I heard him squirt some lube out and cooed lightly as he began to massage my hole with his wet fingers. 

"Ooh!" I gasped as he eased on of his big digits into my burning bunghole.

He worked my back-door good giving it a much needed warm up by easing in more and more fingers as he went along,. He then laid on top of me and started kissing me behind the ear.

I could feel his fat prick slide between my cheeks and against my asshole as he did so and I wanted him to fuck me so bad I was ready to beg for it.

"You ready for this cock?" he whispered in my ear.

"Yes!" I moaned. "Put it in!"

Dave got on his knees with my legs beneath him and spread my butt with his hands. Then, after hearing the squirt of my lube bottle, I felt the head of his fuck stick gently rub against my hungry button. I tried to relax as much as possible and eagerly waited to feel him penetrate me.

He eased the tip in carefully and I huffed and puffed. It hurt some for sure, but not as much I thought it would, and I thanked myself for deciding to go with the big dildo for all those masturbation sessions throughout the week.
