 Bobby made me his faggot with his legs. My smooth-skinned, skinny-legged 18-year-old high school buddy wrestled me one day, dominating me totally in his brutal scissor holds and "forcing" me to have sex with him. I say it that way because I was just waiting for the chance to be his and in wrestling and squeezing me half to death in his powerful young legs that fateful day, it happened.

Once that dam had broken, there was no holding him back, enslaving me every chance he got, wherever he could. At the end of one school day, prior to us both heading out to track practice later, he came to history class and dropped a note on my desk, taking his place in the seat right behind me, smirking.

"I'm gonna scissor the shit out of you later with these," the note read, as I looked to my left behind me at Bobby's left calf, bared as he pulled up a pant leg to scratch it, a slender creamy smooth leg with a sexy hint of muscle. "Meet me in the equipment room after practice, and I'll scissor you until you pass out, as many times as I want, and then make you suck my sweaty asshole. And eat this note, right now, or I'll put these calves to you right fucking here and now."

I gulped -- and gulped the note down, hearing Bobby's squeaky giggle behind me.

It was torture at practice, watching him run long and hard, his skinny, sinewy legs gleaming with sweat on that hot afternoon. Just to torment me further, at one point during the practice, he ran and jumped on the back of a shot putter, Gene, a big, muscular kid who never lost a fight, but who, with Bobby's impossibly strong, slender legs clamped on his sides in a bodyscissor, went down in a howling heap, Bobby laughing behind him leaning up on one arm as he put a brutal squeeze on the much larger boy.

"Give up!" Bobby squealed, and Gene madly tapped his surrender on Bobby's slim, muscular thigh.

We made our way back toward the locker room, Bobby and I peeling off to the equipment room, a smelly, dark place with football gear and other junk that had been there for years. He locked the door, spun me into it and rammed a thigh into my balls, over and over, making me scream in pain. He muffled it by pulling me to the floor and lacing his legs around me from behind in a bodyscissors, trapping my mouth in his very sweaty, slightly hairy armpit in a reverse facelock. I was also 18, and fairly flexible at the time, but he stretched me badly, cracking my back while bending my ribs in his little, rock-hard thighs. For good measure, he took to slamming his locked feet into my nuts, where my cock betrayed me by going into full alert.

"Fucking faggot," he hissed, throbbing his thighs on my bending ribs and forcing the stinky wetness of his armpit into my mouth. "You're fucking hard again, you ALWAYS get hard from my scissors! And now I guess from my stink! Lick that fucking pit, you fucking queer, lick it clean!"

I moaned and obeyed, slathering his soaking wet sweaty pit with my tongue, relishing the salty flavor of his hot, stinky flesh, feeling my ribs ache in his leggy embrace, those sneakers rubbing my cock and assaulting my balls. 

"Now the calves, as I promised," he hissed.

He let go both holds and lashed up to snare my neck in his muscular young calves, locking up tight and squeezing hard, and then jacking them back and forth with savage snapping motions. He jerked my head with them as the muscles of those hairless, smooth tubes of meat crushed into my carotids, making me groggy. 

"Ungh! Ungh! Ungh!" he grunted with each increasingly brutal calf-scissor snap before locking his little legs out tight and squeezing so hard, I passed out instantly.

When I woke up, Bobby was putting a scissor on a tackling dummy in the room, his little thighs bulging around it. He'd stripped down to socks and sneakers, and his tiny white ass was sculpted in sweaty muscle.

"Get back there and suck my asshole," he snarled, clinging to the bag, pointing to his gorgeous young ass.

I nodded, and shuffled over behind him, spearing his hairless, wet asshole with my tongue, moaning madly tasting his butt funk and sweat, driving it in deeper and deeper. I could never get enough of Bobby's hungry asshole, and now spread his thin ass hams in my hands, burrowing my face inside and drooling in it, my tongue buried as far as it could in the clinging rectum, licking it inside out and attaching my mouth to the tight pucker and sucking on it, groaning, twisting my head from side to side.

"Fucking faggot," he snarled. "You probably like THIS!"

And by that he meant farting. He let go a long, wet and nasty one, echoing in my sucking mouth and making me gag. I tried to pull away. My reward for disobedience was Bobby whipping back his beautiful boy legs and slamming those amazing young thighs around my neck as he clung to the tackling dummy. He crushed me blue, my face right at the pucker of his wet shitchute. To get me closer, he folded one slender calf over the back of my head, hooking it around the other leg, absolutely burying my face inside the clench of his slim ass cheeks.

"Fucking fart-lovin' faggot!" he cried out, thundering his amazing thighs on me, jackknifing his body and legs, slamming my face so deep inside his sweaty ass I couldn't breathe.

"Fucking faggot, you fucking love it, you sick shit!" he barked, letting go of the dummy and falling to the dusty floor atop me, pounding my balls in his fists as my hard cock stuck up in my shorts. "You suck my ass, you eat my farts, you get crushed in my scissor and you take my ballbusting and you're STILL fucking hard! You sick motherfucker!"

He punched my balls blue, which matched my face by this point as he slammed his legs out straight, relocking his sneakers and putting everything he had into her scissors. He squeezed so hard I thought my jaw would shatter as the intensity of his scissor quivered his slender thighs now bulging with boy muscle. Mercifully, I passed out in Bobby's leggy crush and felt no more pain.

Until I woke up. Face down on old mats. Bobby laying flat atop me, absolutely pounding me with his long, beautiful cock, thunder fucking me at full speed, his bloated balls slapping noisily against my ass and thighs. He leaned over me, growling, sweat dripping off his body and splashing onto mine. We were both naked, after Bobby had apparently ripped my clothes from me in my scissored slumber.

"Fucking faggot," he snarled, biting my ear and reaching under me to jerk my hard dick. "Fucking you like an animal and your stupid dick is hard as a rock!"

He pounded me a minute more and yanked out, rudely flipping me to my back and jumping on my chest, stuffing his ass-stinking cock into my mouth. I had no choice but to suck it and he soon pumped it in and out balls deep, choking me and laughing maniacally down at my face framed in his gorgeous young thighs.

Tiring of that, he slipped back, hoisted my legs up to his shoulders and rammed his long dick back into my ass, fucking me brutally hard again. Soon, he flipped my legs back over my head and stood on tiptoes, hands on hips, powering his dick into me. My own dick remained stiff as a board, dripping precum into my face.

"Fucking faggot, betcha I can make you shoot your load into your own mouth just by fucking your faggot ass," he snarled. "Go on, bitch, CUM!!!"

He hit the trigger in me just as his own gun went off. I felt the first scorching jet of his sweet boy cream flood my bowels as my dick erupted, splashing thick, milky ropes of cum into my screaming my face, filling my mouth. I swallowed, savoring the taste and lumpy texture, gulping madly and watching my dick continue to spew out spunk. Bobby shot most of his load up my ass before yanking it out and jacking the rest into my fix, his hot cum mixing with my own. He let my legs flop down and lay flat atop me, slapping his mouth to mine. He sucked out our combined loads and shot it back into my mouth, over and over, his lithe, hairless thighs scissored around my stiff dick.

"Fucking faggot," he moaned, swiveling his hips as he fucked his thighs with my cock, his cum leaking from my ass. "You'll probably cum like this won't ya, fucking queer fuck..."

He lapped my face clean, shooting it into my mouth and making out with me in a low, deep growl as his thighs milked me. I felt my balls knot and despite just having cum like a stallion from Bobby's pounding fuck, they blew their second load in minutes, a thick arch jetting into the air and splashing down on Bobby's gripping thighs and flexing ass.

"Fucking faggot!" he screamed, squeezing out the last of my spunk and springing up to squat on my face, draping the backs of his brutal thighs over my face, squishing my load into my mouth. "Suck it! Suck that fucking cum off my thighs, you fag!"

I happily obeyed, lapping furiously at Bobby's delicious thighs, ingesting every drop, fighting for air as his muscular hamstrings smothered me. After I slobbered my spew up and gobbled it down, Bobby slithered back and lifted my legs up, slapping his mouth to my dripping boy hole and sucking out his own sweet cum. He came back up to lay on me, cheeks bulging, attaching his mouth to mine and shooting the whole load inside, washing his tongue into the cream, working it into a foamy lather as he snowballed it back and forth. He finally broke the hot kiss, pulling his face away and spitting the rest into my open mouth to be swallowed down.

"Fucking faggot," he snapped, standing to slam a sneakered foot into my balls, making me howl in agony and gathering up his clothes. "Get fuckin' dressed, homo, we'll be late for class and if I get in fucking trouble, I'll come to your house later and fuck you up worse than this!"

I pulled my clothes back on, following his hot ass and legs to the locker room where we quickly showered and went to our next class. Where we were tardy, and sent to the principal's office. Bobby sat next to me as we waited to catch hell, and leaned over to me.

"Fucking faggot," he sneered. "You better be home today after school. And I don't care who else is, I'm gonna fuck you up, knock you out so many fucking times in my legs you'll get brain damage! You got that, faggot?"

I nodded furiously. And couldn't wait.