 Author's Note: In all my stories, the sex is bareback, generally because I think it is more exciting for me, the writer, and you, the reader. However, in your personal life, unless the other person is one who has been tested very recently and who you trust not to lie about their testing, play it safe and use a condom. Unprotected sex could risk your life and health. Be safe!!!

====================================

I pulled into the semi-circle in front of the dorms that I'd be living in for the next year. I'd spent my first year in junior college, living at home, and I'd be starting my first year at the university as a sophomore. I was a little nervous -- but then who isn't when starting at a new school?

The dorms here are sort of old, but seemed nice enough when I checked them out earlier. There were four different three story dorms, each with two wings. Each wing had a long hallway with 20 rooms, 10 on each side of the hallway and also a social gathering room with a small kitchen and refrigerator. Most of them were doubles, but there were a few singles as well. My dorm wing was called Aldeburgh after some English town.

I gathered up a few things from my car and went into the main lobby. I found out that Aldeburgh was on the second floor of the first dorm on the left as you entered. My room was 226 and I found it easily. The door was ajar, so I knocked and went in. There was a guy in there about my age and he looked up.

"Hey, it looks like my roommate has arrived," he exclaimed. He bounced over to me (it turns out he seemed to bounce everywhere) and grabbed my hand. "I'm Bobby, you must be Miles!"

I laughed, "You got that right!," dumping my stuff on what was obviously my bed since the other one had plenty of things over all over it and holding out my hand. "Glad to meet you Bobby! Have you been here long?"

"Nah, I just got here a few hours ago myself -- been trying to figure out where to put all my things. I'm afraid I'm just not very good with organization -- but I'll make it all fit somewhere," he frowned.

"You want me to help you carry your stuff up?"

"That would be great, Bobby. I drove up here by myself. Unfortunately my parents couldn't come up to help."

"Sure, no problem!"

We went down to my car and managed to get everything into our room in less than an hour. Then I pulled my car around to the back where the dorm parking was.

After we got back to my room, I sat down on my bed and caught my breath. I looked Bobby over while I was resting. He was a good looking guy with an athletic build. I'm 5'11" and he looked a little shorter than me, so 5'9" or 5'10". He had light brown hair almost the same color as mine, but mine was a little blonder. He caught me looking at him.

"What?" he questioned.

"Oh, just thinking. Uh, there's something we need to talk about before I get too settled."

He sat down on his bed opposite me. "Ok, out with it -- what's the problem? I don't think you're a serial killer," he remarked with a grin.

"No problem from my end, Bobby. You seem like a great guy and I think we could be good friends -- at least I hope so."

"And?"

"If you want another roommate, I'll understand."

"And why would I want another roommate?"

"Well, you see, this should be easier for me, but you see .... I'm gay." I looked down, not wanting to see his expression.

"Oh, is that all? Don't worry about it, Miles. I don't mind -- but just don't perv on me, OK?"

I looked up -- Bobby was smiling at me. "You sure? I don't want to make you uncomfortable. I'm out to my parents but no one else. But here at the university, now that I'm away from home, I've decided to come out to everyone."

"Not only am I sure -- but if anyone on this hall or anywhere else for that matter -- gives you grief about it, let me know.

About four weeks later, Bobby and I were studying in our room when I heard Ravel's Bolero coming out from some guy's room.

"Hey Bobby, why does that guy keep playing that piece? I think that's the 2nd time this week and he's played it at least once a week since I got here.

Bobby laughed. "You know that guy about 3 doors down on the other side of the hall? I think his name is Connor."

I sure had seen him -- how could I not notice him -- he was gorgeous.

"Yeah sure. I've even chatted with him a couple times -- he's really friendly."

"Well I'm not sure it's true, but the story goes, that whenever's he's playing that music, he's fucking someone! From what I understand it's mostly guys like you," Bobby smiled. "But then I've heard sometimes a girl will come out afterwards too. I guess he's an equal opportunity fucker," he said laughing.

"I've got to check this out."

I got up and went out into the hall and into the common room, occasionally looking down the hall. After a few minutes, I saw a cute, slim guy open Connor's door and walk out. I quickly ducked back into the room but watched him as he walked by it. He looked like he'd been perspiring and he had a satisfied, almost relieved look on his face.

That night and all the next day, all I could think of was what Bobby had told me about Connor. You see, while I know I'm gay, I really haven't done anything sexually yet. God knows I've wanted to, but the opportunity has never really turned up, and even if one had, I hadn't wanted word to get around that I was gay - in either my high school or junior college. Here at a big college, I didn't think it would be that much of a deal since I was pretty sure that there were plenty of GLBT students here.

So maybe it was time to lose my virginity -- and the answer was just a few doors down the hall from me. I think if I still feel the same way tomorrow, I'll see if Connor would be willing to help me out.

As it turned out, a couple days later, when I went into the Student Commons for lunch rather late, I saw Connor sitting at a table over in a corner by himself. I took my tray over and stood by the table.

"Hi Connor, we haven't had much time to get to know each other, mind if I join you?"

He looked up. "You're Miles aren't you? Sure, have a seat."

"So how's college life treating you?' he asked. "You're a freshman aren't you?"

"No, actually I'm a sophomore -- I spent my first year at a junior college to save money. I wish I could have come here last year -- it's so liberating being out of the constant eyes of my parents."

He laughed at that. "Tell me about it. I know what you mean. I couldn't do half the things I do here at home."

I took a bite from my sandwich. "What sort of things?"

"Oh various things -- like skipping classes, hanging out with whoever I want to, flirting, sex -- you know."

"Sex? From what I've heard, you get a lot. I'm really envious." I looked him straight in the eyes.

"There's a rumor that every time we hear Ravel's Bolero coming from your room, that you're fucking someone."

"Hmmm, maybe that's true -- maybe it's not. Maybe you'll find out if you're curious enough," Connor responded with a grin.

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"Whatever you want it to," he smiled mysteriously at me.

I decided to push things along a little. "Did you know that I'm gay?"

He raised his eyebrows questioningly and it seemed his eyes seemed to focus more appreciatively on me.

I continued. "The problem is, is that I'm still a virgin. I really didn't have much opportunity for sex at home. Now that I'm here, I want to -- and I hope that problem will be rectified soon. Maybe as early as tonight or tomorrow -- if you want to help me."

Connor looked around to see if anyone could overhear us, but there wasn't anyone close.

He lowered his voice. "You're a cute, sexy guy, Miles. If you're serious about that ..."

I interrupted. "I sure am!"

"I'd like nothing more than to drive my dick into your cute sexy ass," he glanced around again, "but you need to know I never use a condom. I don't like to have some latex wrapped around my rod and I don't want to waste my cum inside some plastic. I want to feel my skin rubbing against someone else's skin and I also want to know my cum will splash on living flesh inside the person I'm fucking. Would that a problem for you?"

I was getting hard just sitting there thinking about it.

"I'm not sure - what if I catch something from you? I've been told never to have unprotected sex."

"Well because you're so cute with such a nice body and because I'd really like to fuck you, I'll go to the Student Health Center later today and get tested again -- I get myself tested once a month anyway and it's about time to go again. I'm sure the results will be negative because I'm careful about who I mess around with. So if that's the case, how about you coming around my room tonight about 9 and we'll have some fun? If the test should turn out positive, I'll find a way to let you know. OK?"

"Oh God, I'm not sure I can wait that long!"

Connor laughed at that and gave me this really lust-filled look. :"You're really turning me on, Miles. I'd really rather do you right now on the floor in front of everyone, but the people eating in here might object, so I guess I'll just have to wait. But I'll look forward to filling your ass tonight with a ton of my sperm. God, you've gotten me hard as a rock just thinking about it!" He reached down and adjusted himself.

Connor got up carefully from the table so no one could see the bulge in his pants. "I wish I could stay and chat some more, but I've got a class to get to. 9 pm and not before, OK? I'll have some homework to get out the way before we get physical," he said with a grin.

I watched him walk away -- damn! he's so incredibly sexy. And he's going to FUCK me tonight!!! The anticipation is going to kill me!

I went to my classes of course, but I don't think I heard a thing. Afterwards, at dinner that evening, I was so nervous that I could barely eat. My friends asked what was wrong with me and why was I so quiet when normally I was a chatterbox. I just shrugged at them and gave them sort of a goofy grin.

Once I was back in my room, Bobby started giving me the 3rd degree.

"OK, Miles, you're acting weird. You've got to tell me what's happened."

"Nothing really, Bobby. I'm just sort of nervous, that's all."

"OK then, why are you nervous? What do you have to be nervous about?"

"You see, I, uh, I ran across Connor at lunch today and talked to him some."

"Connor? So what? Everyone talks to Connor. Not a big deal."

"Maybe not, but it is to me. You see, I agreed to meet him in his room at 9 tonight." I grinned. "You might hear him playing Bolero a little after 9."

Light dawned in Bobby's eyes. "Fucking shit!!! That's really hot, man! I'm so happy for you -- frankly it grosses me out -- but I really hope you have a good time." He started singing, not too loudly fortunately, "My roomie's gonna get some cock tonight! Tonight! Tonight! He's gonna get some tonight!" I laughed and told him to shut up but he kept on singing it, but not really loud enough for anyone but me to hear.

I blushed, "Listen, I need to get cleaned up, so I'm going to go take a shower. And keep quiet about this or I'll pound you into the ground!!!"

Bobby shouted as I went out the door, "Be sure to get all the important places!!!"

I tried to study some, but got little done -- I kept imagining about what Connor and I might be doing in a couple hours. After reading a page for about the 4th time and realizing I didn't remember anything about what I'd read, I closed the book and went outside for a walk to settle myself down.

About an hour later, I went back in and changed clothes. (Fortunately, Bobby wasn't there and I had the room to myself.) I decided just to wear a pair of shorts (no underwear), a t-shirt and some flip-flops. Oh, and I put a dab of cologne on, hoping Connor would like it.

I knocked on Connor's door just a little after 9. I felt I could hardly breathe.

Connor opened the door just a few seconds later.

"Oh there you are, Miles -- glad you could make it," he smiled. "Come on in."

I walked in while he closed the door (and locked it) and looked around. There wasn't anything special about Connor's room -- just the normal stuff and some pop group posters on the wall. Well there was one thing different -- the bed was a full size rather than the narrow twins that the rest of us had.

It was obvious he had been studying since the desk light was on with an open book next to it and a notepad.

"I'm not interrupting your studying, am I?" I asked nervously.

"No, no, of course not. I always take a break at 9 anyway. If I don't have company, I usually go outside and wander around or go downstairs and see what's happening in the TV room.

I watched as he walked over and turned off the desk light. I hadn't noticed it before, but he was so graceful. He walked so smoothly, barely lifting his bare feet from the floor. It was a confident walk like he was some kind of animal that was in its domain and had complete control over everything inside. And it was incredibly sexy too.

"Take a seat, Miles - and don't be so nervous, I'm not going to bite -- well at least not yet."

He gave me a sexy grin and sat down in his desk chair.

I looked around to find where to sit and then sat down on the edge of the bed, wondering what was going to happen next.

"You look almost frightened, Miles. Are you sure you want to go through with this?"

I gulped. "Y.Y.Yes, definitely," I stuttered.

"Well you're going to have to relax. Don't worry, you're not the first guy whose cherry I've taken. I consider myself somewhat of an expert at deflowering cute guys like you. We'll take it slow and I promise you'll love every minute it."

"Hold on a minute, I have something that will help you with your nerves."

He went to his closet and pulled out a bottle of scotch and a couple of glasses and filled each of them about half full, then handed me one.

"This is Johnny Walker Black, really good stuff and very smooth. Just sip it and let's chat some, OK?"

I took the glass and took a sip. I hadn't drunk much alcohol before, mostly a few beers and a little vodka one time. This tasted really good and gave me a warm feeling as it went down.

"Before we do that, would you do me a favor and take off your shirt? I always like to ogle a cute guy's body whenever I can -- especially one I'm going to have sex with," he said with a grin.

I pulled off my shirt - the room was warm so that wasn't a problem, and it felt good having it off.

"Wow, really nice! You've got great skin and so beautifully smooth. And those nipples! I can't wait to suck on them!"

My dick hardened when he said that. I could just imagine him licking and sucking on my nipples.

"Why don't you finish your drink and I'll sit on the bed next to you?" he told me as he drank the rest of his.

I gulped the rest of mine down. 

He got up and moved onto the bed, sitting next to me like he said and patted my bare knee.

Oh, oh, I thought, here goes.

"He moved his hand to my thigh. He leaned over and kissed me lightly on my lips.

"I can see you're still nervous. Just relax Miles, we're going to have lots of fun together in a few minutes."

He leaned over and kissed me again -- this time a little longer, while at the same time sliding his hand up my thigh a little further and began rubbing my leg. I opened my mouth while he was kissing me, but he didn't take advantage of it. Pulling away, but with his hand still rubbing my leg, he thought for a second.

"Let me tell you about my first time."

"My parents -- that is my step-dad and mother -- took me with them on a 'business trip' down to Miami. When we went into the office of the cheap motel where we stayed, they asked for a single room with a roll-a-way for me. The clerk took a look at me and said, 'He's old enough, and we're not all that busy, so how about I give him his own room -- no extra charge. Would that be alright?'"

"They quickly agreed and we went to our rooms and unpacked. After about an hour, they told me they had to go into Miami on 'business' and they would probably be out late. We agreed that we'd get back together for breakfast the next morning."

Connor put his arm around me and wrapped his arm around me, playing with one of my nipples and kissed my cheek.

"So here I was in a motel in a town where I didn't know anyone," he continued. "I watched a little TV, took a nap and then went out to dinner by myself at a nearby restaurant. About 10, the clerk from the office knocked on my door, asked if I wanted some company since he was off for the night. He ended up fucking me and every night for the 3 nights we were there. I fucked him a few times too. He stayed with me the entire night the last night and we fucked each other all night long. My parents couldn't figure out why I slept all the way home and I didn't enlighten them."

Connor kissed me again and this time his tongue entered my mouth. As we French kissed, he moved his hand down to my belly and slid it down inside my shorts and found my hard rod. I moaned and shoved my dick into his hand. Then he kissed down my chest and spent several minutes on my nipples, teasing them, sucking and biting.

At the same time, he pushed down my shorts and began stroking my cock. He pushed me back onto the bed so that my back was on the bed with my feet still on the floor.

He looked down on me and grinned. "That was a nice appetizer, but now for some real 'meat', and probably a fair amount of 'liquid protein' as well.

And with that, he kneeled down, spread my legs and swallowed the head of my dick -- swirling his tongue around it. I gave a surprised gasp and then he took it all the way down to the root, taking the head all the way into the back of his throat. His lips slid up and down my 7", faster and faster. He wasn't wasting any time -- it was clear he wanted my cum badly and I could tell it wasn't going to take him too long for him to get it. His tongue went into action and licked all around the underside my sensitive glans. My body jerked from the sensations and my back went stiff as a board. I grabbed the back of his head and pushed my rod as far down his throat as possible. He pulled back slightly. My cock was throbbing.

"Oh, Goddd!" I cried. My hips jerked and suddenly I was there. "I'm cumming!!!" I cried. He reached under and played with my balls as my boy juice spurted from my dick.

"Hmmm," he moaned as he swallowed spurt after spurt after spurt. There was so much that he couldn't swallow fast enough and some leaked from the edges of his mouth. I could see the muscles in his throat moving and I knew my seed was being eagerly consumed.

He sucked on my dick some more, making sure he got all of it. I tried to pull him off, but he resisted until he got the last of it.

I fell back onto the bed exhausted as he let my slimy cock fall trom his mouth.

"Really tasty and very creamy, Miles. That was quite a load and I enjoyed it more than you would know. I wish I could bottle it. How did you feel about being milked by a mouth like that?" he laughed.

I couldn't say a word, I just lay there.

Connor got up and went to a drawer and got out a digital camera.

"Miles, I want to get before and after pictures of your asshole to show you later. I won't take any pictures of your face, so no one, even if they saw the pictures, would know it was you."

I weakly nodded.

He took a pillow and put it under my ass and then had me hold my legs back. He took 2 or 3 quick shots and studied them and then put the camera back on his desk.

"You've got a really beautiful ass, Miles, almost as pretty as that great rod of yours. I'm really going to enjoy opening it up!"

Connor dropped his shorts and stepped out of them. His dick was standing up with a slight upward curve and looked to be about 8". It seemed to be a little thicker than mine and was surrounded by some dark brown hair which had been trimmed and which framed it nicely. I noticed the dark purple head which had some pre-cum already leaking from it.
