 A tale from the old gay sauna-bar in Bournemouth, UK.

There used to be a massive sauna and bar for gay men in Bournemouth. My favorite part of it was a dark play area with private rooms, public rooms, and a bondage room.

In the bondage playroom lived a bondage bench. It was designed to be knelt over doggie style with two padded shelves for legs and a padded top section. The leg shelves had straps for ankles, shins, and thighs. The top section had a strap to go over your back, a loop either side to attach wrist cuffs, and a loop at the front to attach a collar. When in use, it presented the occupant's bottom in the perfect position to spank or fuck, while his mouth was at just the right height to suck cock. Like a lot of the heavier equipment, it didn't get a lot of use, as people were understandably nervous about being so restrained in such a public place.

After plucking up the courage to strap myself to that bench, I bought a collar to match my cuffs and took a visit to the sauna-bar. This time, however, the bench was already in use. A slim, much older guy was laying on it awaiting some attention. Unfortunately for him, everyone else in the room was busy with each other, leaving him untouched. He wasn't strapped in, so what he was doing actually seemed a little tame to me.

I really wanted to be in his position, but I could hardly ask to trade places - after all, he got to the bench first. The simplest solution was to make him cum, but I wasn't properly horny myself yet.

Nearby, a guy was kneeling on the floor sucking a cock. Let's call him "BJ". He was just taking a big load of cum in his mouth, so I waited until the guy he was sucking walked away, then approached and offered my cock as a replacement. Some of the cum he'd just taken was still in his mouth and dribbling down his chin. It made a lovely sight as I watched him get to work on me!

I let him suck me until I was rock hard and said "I don't want to cum yet, but thanks for getting me going." "No problem", he replied with a grin. Within seconds, he was sucking yet another cock.

Now fully hard, I rolled on a condom and approached the bench. The older guy was still prone, desperate for some action. I stroked his back, arms, legs, the back of his neck and caressed his fingers. He groaned in ecstasy and parted his legs. My hands found his cock, so I began stroking him to a slightly soft erection.

I could see he'd already lubed himself, so I just added some to my condom and pressed gently against his asshole. He pushed back against me, and I slipped in easily. With little warning, I slid my entire 9 inches into him in just a couple of strokes. He yelled out in that unique combination of overwhelming pleasure with just a little pain. "You OK?" I asked. "Yes, yes, I'm fine. Don't stop!", he gasped in reply.

His exclamation drew the attention of the other couple of guys in the room. As they gathered to watch, I withdrew my length almost entirely, then plunged into him again and again. BJ crawled under the bench and started sucking the old man's cock. Within just a couple of minutes, BJ was swallowing another load of cum. The orgasm was loud and powerful. His entire body trembled, and he flopped down, spent. I helped him up, and he wobbled away out of the playroom.

My mission was accomplished; the bench was mine!

After disposing of my condom, I knelt on the bench's leg shelves and began to fasten my ankles to the relevant straps. BJ offered his help, so I bent over and let strap me in. He worked up from my ankles to my shins, then thighs, then my back, and finally attached my cuffs and collar to the rings on the edges of the bench. He buckled the straps far tighter than I would have been able to, rendering me almost completely restrained. I had inserted lube into myself earlier, but I'd also collected a few extra pouches of lube and a handful of condoms from the bar. BJ placed the collection on my back and very kindly rubbed some more lube into my ass and stretched me a little. He then crawled back under the bench to lick my cock.

He licked and sucked me gently and slowly, keeping me hard, but not quite bringing me off. For a long time, his expert tongue kept me so horny I was virtually incoherent.

Without warning, fingers were firmly pushed into my ass, stretching me wide. I groaned as I was stretched wider than ever before to the point of discomfort. "Shhh. Relax", said a voice behind me. I tried, but it was difficult to relax with BJ's tongue flicking at my cock and several fingers buried in my ass. The fingers withdrew, and I felt one of the condoms being taken from its resting place on my back.

A hard cock plunged deep into me in a single stroke. I yelped, and another cock silenced me by pushing into my open mouth. The guy behind wasted no time picking up the pace. He slammed into me repeatedly, his body and my backside slapping together with each forceful stroke. The guy in front facefucked me roughly, holding my head by grabbing my hair. Even if I wanted to, I couldn't move my head away because of the collar. I was just a ragdoll to these guys.

A small crowd had formed. It was impossible to count the amount of guys watching, but I was completely surrounded. I was in a personal heaven; my cock being sucked, my ass being fucked, my mouth full of cock, and an appreciative audience. The guy fucking me sped up and started slamming into me even harder. I had no idea it was possible to take this much pounding without pain, but it was. I could take everything he could deliver and still cry out for more.

The bench I was strapped to began to noisily migrate across the room, squeaking forward an inch with each thrust into me. Poor BJ must have been nearly crushed under there. My mouth was forced onto the cock that I was sucking which responded by cumming down my throat. I choked a little, then recovered and greedily swallowed. He pulled out of my mouth then squirted the rest of his orgasm over my face. BJ crawled out from under the bench then licked my face all over, cleaning up every drop of cum.

With a guttural growl, the guy fucking me grabbed my hips and rammed himself as deep as he could get. His cock twitched inside me as pulse after pulse of orgasm ripped through him. Once satisfied, he pulled out, slapped me hard on the ass, then walked away.

As I lay there still securely fastened to the bench, there was a quiet moment while I caught my breath. Even though there were a few guys stood around watching, no-one was saying anything or touching me. I felt like an erotic statue; every inch of me open to public scrutiny, my exhibitionist kink perfectly stimulated. My cock tingled, threatening a spontaneous orgasm. A few drops of pre-cum leaked from me onto the floor, but before my orgasm exploded, I was distracted by a new pair of hands.

Massage oil was poured over my back, then rubbed into my whole body. Starting from my neck, he worked downwards, massaging my shoulders, arms, hands, back. He skipped to my feet then worked the other way, thoroughly working my calves and thighs. Eventually, he reached my bottom. He spread my cheeks and worked more oil into my anus. I stretched easily due to the earlier pounding, but he wanted me wider. More fingers were inserted, and all I could do was let him. Someone else began to massage my back while he slowly, but firmly fucked me with his fingers. My anus felt impossibly wide, and I wondered just how far he'd managed to open me.

One of the small crowd quietly exclaimed "I thought you were just going to fuck him."

"What's happening to me?" I asked.

"You're being fisted!" came the reply.

He unbuckled one of my cuffs from the bench, so I could reach behind to feel what was being done to me. Sure enough, a fist was buried deep inside my rectum, pumping gently back and forth. I tried to relax as much as possible; hardly daring to move. My cuff was reattached to the bench, leaving me unable to do anything other than submit to the situation. 

Looking around as best as possible, all I could see was my audience. Most of them were masturbating slowly while soaking up the sight of a close-up live fisting. Some were playing with each other, some stood motionless with expressionless faces. Again, I found myself in sexual heaven.

No-one had touched my cock throughout the fisting, but it was hard and dripping. I felt my orgasm approaching and instinctively tried to clench my anus, only to find it impossible. I'm not normally very vocal, but I had to cry out as every nerve ending in my body spasmed with pleasure. I spurted jet after jet of cum onto the floor under the bench, the repeated splattering making a deliciously wet noise in the otherwise fairly quiet room.

After I cum, I always feel a little self-conscious for a while. I craved a tiny bit of privacy and a towel to recover, but I was still strapped to the bench with a fist inside of me. Suddenly, I felt dirty and vulnerable.

"I need a break," I said.

"In a minute. I need to finish." the fister replied.

He withdrew his fist and immediately started fucking me instead. At a pace to rival the one I'd experienced earlier, he pounded away. After not very long, he pulled himself out and came over my back.

I tried to detach myself from the bench but the cuffs were awkwardly fastened. As I struggled, another cock entered me.

"I'm done. I don't want to." came my complaint.

"One more won't hurt you", he said as he started roughly fucking me. He didn't last long before grunting his load away, but as soon as he did, he held me down with a firm hand on my back, and said to someone unseen "Here, your turn."

After being fucked twice more, one of my cuffs was finally released for me. It's a good job I get off on being used!

With one cuff detached, I could undo the rest of the straps. Someone assisted me further by undoing my ankle straps and helping me to my feet. He looked concerned and checked that I was OK. I stood naked for a few moments, looking at the people, looking at the bench, wondering if I'd ever feel the same way about sex again. BJ was kneeling down, licking cum off the floor. The audience's attention had turned to each other, and I was already forgotten.

I found my towel, covered myself and left to shower.

To this day, I still masturbate over the memory of this story. I hope you do too!