 Forward

I would like to first thank all the people that have read the stories I have posted here so far. I hope you've enjoyed reading them as much as I have writing them. And thanks for all the comments and feedback you given me. (even the negative ones)

If you've been wondering why I've been away for so long, it's because I have spent most of the last year writing a novel. Unfortunately, after finishing it, getting past multiple drafts, and into the final editing stage, I broke my right hand. That took a few months of being in a cast and rehab before I could even use a mouse normally again, more or less type.

Add that and a few other set backs and here we are: posting a new story...finally!

This one is actually a sequel to A Disc in the Basket. It's a story I couldn't wait to write since I finished the first one and had a lot of request for, so I thought I would start with it to get back into the swing of things. It's also my first chance to post something involving Bi-sexuality.

I'll have my novel posted here very soon, as well. It's titled The Island of Lust and will be in the novel/novella section, so look for it there. It has just about a bit of everything in it, including a hot pegging scene. (spoilers?)

Until then, happy titillation to everybody and enjoy this little romp of hard cocks, wet pussy, hot cum, and anal pleasures.

*****

A Disc in the Basket II

The Threesome

So, to catch up: I had met a guy named Dave while out playing disc golf at a small course not far from my home. He was an absolute hunk! Tall, gorgeous, incredible body, and a super great person: the complete package—including a monster of a cock.

Not to go too far in detail from the first part of my tale, I'll just say that we fooled around in the bathroom at the course and then went back to my place where he gave me the ass fucking of a lifetime. Unfortunately, he was attached (and to a woman), so he had to leave after we were finished.

He told me that his girlfriend knew about his sexuality, and that she had no problems with him getting a bit of dick when the opportunity arose (no pun intended). That made me feel a great deal better—I was no cheater. I don't care if you're a gay couple who haven't really done it in years are some bi, married dude who just needs to suck a penis now and again—if your partner doesn't know about it, it's cheating, and I want no part in it. If everything is out in the open, on the other hand, then no problem.

So, now saying that, I'll step off my soapbox and get back to what you really want to hear about—hot fucking action!

After Dave told me everything and left, I was more than a little bummed out, figuring it was a one-shot deal. But I decided to look at it positively—one night with Adonis himself was better than none. So, needless to say, when a week later I got a text from him asking if I was interested in getting together for a few rounds of disc golf again, I was more than a little, absolutely, positively, psyched.

Of course, I then considered that he more than likely was just wanting to actually play with somebody. It wasn't as if he couldn't fuck any man he met that was at least a little bi-curious. Either way, I wasn't about to say no. Are you kidding me? If there was even the slightest chance of getting my hands, mouth, etc. on that huge, glorious cock again, I was going to take it. He was also a really cool guy, and if anything, it's always better to play the game with someone else—so why not?

We agreed to meet at the same course as before, and I arrived at around 3 o'clock, finding Dave already there with what had to be his girlfriend. My heart sank at the sight of them warming up with some putting around the first basket. This was most certainly going to be nothing more than just some disc-golf among friends.

I walked up to the first tee-box and shouted hello while waving to them to let them know I was there. After seeing me, they picked up their discs and came over to where I was.

"Hey dude!" Dave said with a big smile. "This is Tara."

I introduced myself to her.

"Oh, I know who you are," she replied in a very friendly tone, "Dave's told me all about you."

All about me? Apparently Dave wasn't lying when he said he was totally open with her. I had no way of knowing for sure just how much she actually knew, but David didn't seem like the kind of person that exaggerated are made things up. So, I just assumed she really did know everything that we had done together. In some ways, it was actually better that way—I wasn't going to have to feel apprehensive or like I was walking on egg shells around her, given that I had her boyfriend's penis buried in my ass a week ago.

Tara, I found, was ridiculously cool. She was almost the female equivalent to Dave—virtually perfect. She was somewhere in her mid-20s; had jet black, shoulder length hair that at the time was done into two braided pigtails; was probably around 5'2"; and had an exceptional body—at least, as far as I was concerned. Her boobs were very large. I'm no expert on cup sizes but having dated someone once with double D's, I can definitely say they were bigger then that. She had short legs (obviously) that were a touch thick around the thighs but muscular, a beautiful round ass (more on that, later), and a strikingly pretty face. She was also one of the nicest people I've ever met.

Apparently, she wasn't exactly bashful, either. She was wearing a short, turquoise, plaid miniskirt; white, knee-high stockings with black Converse high-tops; and a very tiny tank top that made her matching turquoise bra completely visible. I say she wasn't bashful because the whole outfit really showed off her great body, and it seemed to be the point. I have to say, that I immediately loved her style.

She was a heck of a disc golfer, as well. She was every bit as good at the sport as I was, although neither of us were as good as Dave, who could throw a disc a mile. But to be fair, he was basically Superman—if Superman was blonde and liked to suck cock. More than once she out drove me, and it was on the first occasion of doing so that I saw (as previously mentioned) what an incredible ass she had.

For those of you unfamiliar with disc golf (our regular golf), the person furthest from the hole/basket after driving, goes next. After driving on the third hole, Tara had landed her disk about twenty feet in front of mine. So, with her standing a few feet behind me (best to do if you don't want to get hit with a very hard Frisbee if a shot goes badly) I threw my next disc and landed it pretty close to the basket. 

"Nice shot!" Tara said, and I thanked her for the compliment.

Since the first hole, she had been tugging on her bra and complaining how much she hated wearing underwear of any kind. I just laughed when she did (being someone that went commando all the time as well) and thought nothing of it. It was when we got to her disc that I found out she wasn't kidding.

I took the proscribed position behind her, waiting for her to throw again, and when she bent over to grab her disk, her skirt lifted completely over her hips. I saw everything! She wasn't wearing so much as a G-string under her skirt, and not only did I see her naked bottom (which was incredible), given that her legs were slightly spread apart, I got an eyeful of her pussy and even a fairly good glimpse of her butt-hole, too.

I was pretty thunderstruck at the sight of all of it, and after she threw her disc, she turned around to see what I thought.

I tried to keep my eyes from bulging out of my skull and rolled my tongue back into my mouth. "Great shot!"

That may have been the first time she pulled that little trick on me, but it wasn't the last. In fact, through the course of us playing three rounds, she gave me the same show multiple times. Unless I was imagining things, one time she even slid a finger through her tiny pussy while bending over to pick up a disk. I couldn't help but wonder if she was doing it on purpose just to tease and excite me or what. Little did I know at the time that the two of these exceptionally hot people had been making a great deal of plans over the last week that specifically involved me.

We were getting ready to leave after finally finishing when Dave approached me. "What'da think about joining us for dinner and maybe getting some drinks afterwards?" 

"Sure!" I answered back trying not to sound too over anxious. "I'll need to go home and take a quick shower and stuff first, though."

"Cool, no problem. Just text me when you're ready to head out, and I'll give you the directions to our place."

"Okay."

"Awesome!" piped in Terra as she stood by the door of Dave's car. "See you in a bit!"

We went our separate ways, and when I got home I was practically frantic. A thousand scenarios began playing through my mind as what was to come from our night together. I first sat down and opened a hard cider (I hate beer) to try and calm down a little. I finished it in about three gulps and then hit the shower.

I bathed myself thoroughly and couldn't decide what was more exciting: having another go with the sexiest man I had ever met or the possibility of playing with Tara's exquisite body. When I thought about the idea of being with both of them together my cock got so hard it almost hurt, and after only a few seconds of playing with myself while thinking about it, I orgasmed intensely, shooting a huge load down the drain. I then meticulously shaved my balls and asshole, and in a near state of panic, decided that I should also give myself a quick enema to make sure everything was nice and clean, just in case.

I got back in the shower to wash myself clean again after that, and finally getting out, I dried off and spent an eternity figuring out what to wear. I eventually went with a nice plain white T-shirt, button up long-sleeved shirt, and my best jeans while figuring there was no reason for any underwear at all. I was finally ready for whatever might happen.

I shot Dave a text, and he replied with the directions to their place as well as a bit of a rip on me. "We were starting to wonder if you are coming, lol."

When I got there he and Tara were already changed and ready to go. Dave was dressed fairly similar to what I was wearing with an open, short sleeve, button up over top of a tight, white, muscle shirt that showed off his incredible chest nicely. That and a tight pair of jeans made him look so good my mouth watered at the sight of him.

Tara was wearing a exceptionally skimpy, black dress, and she looked amazing in it. The front of it went practically down to her belly button, and I'm not sure exactly how it managed to keep her huge tits covered. She apparently really didn't like underwear of any kind given that the thin material made her large nipples clearly visible, as well. With her hair done up in a sort of bun, black high heels, and a silver necklace that instantly drew your attention to her ample cleavage, she looked utterly ravishing. I was nearly dumbstruck seeing both of them together, looking so fucking hot.

"We thought we'd go to that Mexican place downtown," Dave said when I had finally stopped gawking.

"Sounds good to me," I shrugged and a few minutes later, we were sitting and having some margaritas.

The food wasn't bad. Not particularly spicy, given we lived in a small town in the Midwest, but good nonetheless.. We mostly talked about our day disc golfing and discussing various shots and whatnot about it. When we finished our meal, Dave suggested that we should head over to a small bar just down the road from the restaurant.

"Sure," I shrugged again.

The place was small with the bar at one end and a line of booths that had high, wooden dividers between them going back, parallel with it. We each got a cocktail from the bartender and made our way towards a secluded booth at the far end. Dave and Tara sat across from me facing the front, with Tara taking the inside seat. We drank our drinks rather quickly while continuing to talk about our day disc-golfing, and when we had finished those, Dave offered to get the next round and got up to go to the bar to get them.

Tara kept talking, but I found it hard to do anything but stare at all the cleavage she was showing.

"Hey, sailor!" she then said. "I'm up here."

"Sorry," I said, a little embarrassed while shaking my head.

"No problem... I guess when you wear something like this you don't have the right to complain about people staring at your boobs."

"No, I suppose not."

Tara laughed out loud. "You poor thing! You've been probably daydreaming about what they look like all night, I'll bet" 

I shrugged my shoulders again—it seemed to be a habit I was forming.

She took a quick look around. "Here," she then said and pulled her dress open, plopping out two of the nicest tits I have ever seen. "There, now you've seen them—no more wondering."

My jaw almost hit the table at the sight of them. They were very big with large brown nipples and small aureoles. They looked amazing! She quickly put them back away and continued talking, but for the life of me, I couldn't think of what she had been talking about a few seconds before. 

A minute or two later Dave came back with our drinks, and Tara scooched out, telling him to take the inside seat. She then asked me a question I was not prepared for:

"So, did you like my little show today?"

"I...uh.." I stammered.

"Oh come on... I practically fingered myself in front of you. You had to've noticed."

"I...uh.." I stammered again, looking at Dave for reassurance.

"Oh, don't worry about him, I told him all about it when we got home. Just like he told me all about you two together. I just wanted to play around a little bit with you. He thought it was hilarious and was glad I thought you were as hot as he did. You see, when Dave and I first started getting serious he told me about how he was bi and liked guys. He told me that if we were going to have a relationship together we had to be completely honest with each other. It's never bothered me in the slightest. In fact, as time has gone by, I've gotten more and more turned on by the thought of him having sex with another guy."

Tara then turned to Dave and smiled. "And to be completely honest.. lately I've been watching a ton of gay porno and it gets me super horny. I can't stop from touching myself when I watch it. Seeing a guy suck another guy's dick turns me on so much I can't even describe it."

"When he told me about what you two did together, I must have masturbated three times the next day to the thought of it," she then turned to Dave and in a seductive voice asked: "Is that okay, baby? Me rubbing my tight little pussy while thinking about you fucking and sucking off another man?" 

This time it was Dave's turned to shrug his shoulders. "It's okay with me..."

"I didn't think you would care," Tara giggled. "Actually, lately we been talking a lot—mostly in bed—about bringing in another guy to play with, so when he told me about you, it was me that suggested the three of us getting together. The idea of sharing a cock together gets my pussy so wet and makes him hard as a rock. If you don't believe me then take a look for yourself."

She then nodded her head down. I didn't get her meaning at first, but when she did it again I realized what she getting at. I ducked my head under the table and saw her take Dave's prick out and begin stroking it up and down—it was certainly hard as a rock.

"See?" She asked when I pulled back up.

She let go of Dave's penis and jumped over to my side of the table. "Look, I'm not usually this aggressive. Maybe it's the booze, but whatever... I think you're really hot, and Dave obviously does, too, so I think we should go back to our place and have some fun. But before we do, I think we should play a little game first. We should tell each other what little fantasies involving three ways we have while we finish these drinks. I've already said one of mine, and that's watching Dave suck a cock. And I'm pretty sure that one of Dave's is to suck a cock with me—am I wrong, sweetie?"

"Nope, I love both those ideas."

"So, that's a couple of ours...What's one of yours?"

I wasn't exactly sure what I should say.

"Oh, come on! There has to be something... Here, I'll say one that Dave doesn't even know."

Tara then cupped the side of her mouth, and in a hushed tone said: "I've always wanted to have a dick in my pussy and one in my ass at the same time."

I looked at Dave and saw a somewhat surprised look on his face.

"It's something I've always wanted to try even before Dave and I ever met. I would even love to have one in my mouth while it was happening—hell, more than one—the more cocks, the better!"

I couldn't help but laugh. "Can't disagree with you on that..."

Dave chuckled as well. "No, the more cocks the better, for sure."

Tara grinned from ear to ear after hearing her man say that.

"So, what's one of your fantasies?" she then asked turning back to me.

I hesitated for a bit. I knew exactly what it was that I'd always wanted to try but was too embarrassed to say it—I'm not sure why.

"Oh, just spill it!" Tara pressed. "We won't judge."

I had no choice but to give in. "Alright...there is one thing I've always wanted to try," I took a large swig of my drink, summoning the nerve to tell them. "I've always wanted to eat another guy's cum out of a vagina. I ate my own out of a girl I was dating once a long time ago and it was incredible! Ever since then, I've always dreamed about how much better it would be if it was a another guy's. Unfortunately, we broke up before I ever got a chance to try it with her. Hope that's not too weird, but I'm an absolute cum whore that also loves to eat pussy, and the thought of the two of them together sounds amazing."

Neither of them gave me much of a reaction, and I didn't know if it had turned them on or off.

"That sounds super hot to me!" Tara finally exclaimed, much to my relief.

"And me!" joined in Dave. "I would seriously love just to see that."

"Fuck!" Tara then moaned. "All this talk is getting me so horny I'm absolutely drenched... Here, see?"

She then pulled my hand down under the table and stuck it between her legs. I first felt a thick mound of pubic hair (which was great, because I love pussies with at least some hair on them) and then her utterly saturated cunt as she ran my fingers between her lips.

"Oh, shit..." Tara groaned as I spread them apart and began to rub her erect clit.

She then unbuttoned my jeans, pulled out my incredibly hard tool, and began to stroke it aggressively.

It was clearly obvious to Dave what was going on as his girlfriend and I pleasured each other. "This seems a little unfair, what about me?"

I wasn't about to let the nicest cock I had ever had access to go unattended, so I practically shoved Tara out of the booth and sat down next Dave and kissed his lips while taking a hold of his now semi-soft penis in my hand. Luckily, the few people that were in a bar could not possibly see what we were doing.

"That's so hot!" Tara cooed as I dragged the finger I had been using on his girlfriend across Dave's nose to let him smell her musky odor. Then, after making sure no one could see, I bent down to take Dave's prick into my mouth.

He became fully erect in my mouth as I sucked him. I had almost forgotten just how huge his penis was and could barely get my lips around it.

As I sucked him, Tara bent down to watch. "Oh my God, that's sexy!" She said, sitting back up.

I licked up and down Dave shaft and looked over to see Terra's dress pulled up, her legs spread open, and her rubbing and fingering her pussy. I lifted my head above the table to see that she also had her large, left tit out and was pinching its stiff nipple.
