 Introduction: 2 Students have fun at a University, although one might be getting into more than he thought.

As Mr. Morrison lectured us about why we won’t amount to anything in life because we’re lazy kids unlike those of “his” generation, my eyes began to wonder. Being a straight guy without having a single gay urge during my entire life I was very confused when my eye was caught by another guy sitting a row of chairs away from me. Now, this wasn’t and glance, this was a full on stare, and I couldn’t stop! I kept staring at his tanned arms and nice biceps, the fabric of his shirt was thin and faded and I could see his cut abs through it. He must’ve noticed my staring because he looked over at me and smiled.

“That was odd.” I thought to myself.

I quickly shook it off as I noticed a huge bulge in my pants. I waited for the erection to subside before asking Mr. Morrison permission to use the bathroom.

“Fuck! What the hell is wrong with me today?” I asked myself as I walked to the washroom.

“I’ve never felt that way about a guy before.” I kept trying to shake off the thought

I got to the bathroom and walked up to the urinals; I pulled out my dick and started peeing. Just then the door opened and I looked over to see who it was.

“Oh my god! It’s the guy from my class.”

My cock instantly went rock hard as he came up to the urinal next to me. I looked down at his cock and it must have been at least 9” long, and it was totally smooth.

“Hi, my name is Jeff. Pretty boring class eh?” He said to me.

I looked up from his cock and noticed he was staring into my eyes.

“Yeah it is.” I answered. “My name is Kyle by the way.” I said as I walked towards the sink.

“I know your name.” he said. “I also noticed you staring at me during class.” He remarked.

I swallowed hard; I felt embarrassed and expected him to call me a fag or something like that.

Before I could say anything back to him I felt two hands squeezing my ass, I turned around quickly and he put his hands on my hips with a devilish smile on his face.

“Mmmm, I’ve never had a little, personal slave before, you’re going to be my first.”

Jeff’s face suddenly turned from playful to serious, and in an almost angry tone he ordered me into a stall with him. He violently grabbed me by the neck and I almost tripped as he threw me into the stall.

“What’s going on?” I asked in a nervous voice.

“I’ll ask the questions here unless you want everyone to know how much of a gay slut you are.” he said in that serious tone of his.

He pushed my back against the stall door and kissed me deeply on the mouth. I spat on the floor after he took his mouth away from mine.

“Oh, you don’t like kissing another guy? Well, you’ll just have to get used to it won’t you?” he said in a mocking voice.

He pulled his pants and boxers off and slipped the belt out from around the waistline, my dick went hard again when I saw his dick hanging out there.

“I’m glad you like my cock so much, because you’ll be sucking soon.”

He took the belt and tightened it around my neck as a collar; Jeff stood on the toilet cover with his back facing me, he pulled his end of the belt through his legs which forced my head to go towards his asshole.

“Mmmm, do you know what you have to do for me now Kyle?”

“Lick your ass?” I replied.

“Good boy, and if you do it well enough I’ll let you suck my nice, hard cock.”

“Thank you, Master.”

“Oooo, Master is it? That gets you extra points subby.”

I took my hands and spread his ass cheeks apart; surprisingly his ass didn’t smell bad at all and I willingly stuck my tongue out. I began pressing my entire tongue against his butt hole and slowly tongued his ass. I spat on his hole and squeezed his ass cheeks as I licked up my spit that was all over his tasty asshole.

“Mmmm, very good job slut.” He moaned as he placed his hands on the walls of the stall and leaned up against them.

I continued tonguing his butt and pushing my tongue deep in his asshole while squeezing his cheeks and making him moan.

Jeff let go off the belt and stepped down from the toilet cover, he stood on the ground facing me and pushed me down on to my knees.

“Now, you are going to suck my cock and balls bitch.” he ordered, “And when I come, you’re going to swallow all of it.” He smiled at me.

I grabbed his hard cock and pushed it against his stomach; I popped one of his balls in my mouth and tongued at the other one before starting to jack him off. I put his dick in my mouth and began sucking and darting my tongue underneath his head.

“Mmmm, just like that slut.”

My dick grew harder and I began moving my mouth up and down on his shaft as I tongued the length of his cock while rubbing his balls with my free hands. Suddenly Jeff grabbed the back of my head and forced his entire cock inside my mouth, and I began coughing around his dick.

“I’m Cumming!” He yelled.

I felt huge shots of cum hitting the back of my throat and sliding into my stomach. He tensed up and then let go of my head. I backed off his cock coughing and choking as Jeff wiped the last bead of cum off his cock and wiped it on my face.

“Here’s my phone number Slut, I’ll expect your call at 7pm sharp tonight.” He said as he dropped a piece of paper on the ground next to me.

He pulled his pants up & took the belt from around my neck and put it back on his waist.

“See you back in class.” He said as he walked off.

I leaned up against the side of the stall coughing and feeling violated, and you know what? I liked it.