 I can hardly believe this happened to me, it was so freaky. I am a young white guy, 23 years old, and just a regular guy, really. I am only about 5'7" tall, and 145 pounds, so I would be lying if I said I was a lady killer. I wish I had a great looking girlfriend, but with my baby face and my crappy job, I don't think that's going to be happening any time soon. I've had a few girlfriends, but they never stick around long.

Anyway, a few weeks ago I was feeling really horny, so I thought what the heck, I'll go up to the adult bookstore on the edge of town and check out some porn. Maybe rent a video. Why not, there's nothing else going on. I got in my car and drove over there. It's in sort of a rural part of town, and the parking lot is behind the store next to a thick woods. I parked way in the back (I didn't want anyone from work seeing my car there) and just sat there in my car for a while.

There was a bunch of guys hanging out around the back door, and I thought it would be better to wait until they went inside or left before I went in. I don't know why, exactly. Maybe I just didn't want to run into anyone I know at this place. After a while, I realized that they weren't going anywhere, and I decided to just get it over with. As I got out of my car, a big pickup truck was pulling in. It came over to where I was and the driver signaled me to come over. I thought he might be wanting directions or something. When I came up next to the driver's side window, he said "You working?" I guess I'm a bit naive about these things, because I told him I was off work today and he just gave a little snicker, and said, "no, I mean are you sucking dick?"

I was shocked to hear him ask that. I mean, what the heck, do I look like a queer hooker? He was taller than me (most guys are) sort of Italian looking, with dark features and long hair. The whole thing struck me as weird and it caught me by surprise. I told him no, I was only there to look at videos. He waved me closer. I took a few steps forward, and when I looked down through his open window, I noticed that he had his shorts down around his knees and was stroking a massive hardon. "You want some of this? I can make it worth your while." I was starting to get over my surprise. I mean, to tell you the truth, I actually have sucked dick before. A buddy that lived on my street and I had experimented a couple of times when his parent were out, but he moved away and I haven't done anything like that since.

I found myself asking "what are you wanting to do?" He told me all he wanted was a blowjob, and he could pay me for it. As he was talking, I couldn't help staring at his cock. It was a nice one. About six or seven inches, not huge, but cut, with a nice shape. It reminded me of my friend's cock; the one I had sucked off, and how nice it had tasted. Before I knew what I was doing, I reached in through the open window and put my hand around his cock and started stroking.

"You got a nice cock. Where would we do it?" I found myself asking.

"Right here, man," he said. "We can do it in my truck. Why don't you get in?"

Like I said, I didn't have a whole lot going on, and the guy was decent looking with a nice cock, so I thought 'what the hell' and walked around and got in his pickup on the passenger side. He pulled the truck farther back into the far corner of the parking lot, up against the woods, and parked. By now, his cock was so ripe it was leaking pre-cum, and I could see his wetness reflecting the light from the street lamps. The sight of his wet cock was so hot, I just naturally bent over, grabbed him in my right fist, and started licking the precum off the tip of his cock. It was salty, like the taste of french fries, and it made me hungry to taste more of him.

Before long I was bobbing my head up and down on his cock, and listening to his moaning and groaning as his cock got even harder. It tasted even better than my friends cock, and I pushed myself to take more and more of him into my throat. I was a bit disappointed that I was not able to get it all down, but I came within an inch or two of taking him all the way. The deeper it went, the louder he moaned, and within about five minutes, that taste of french fries got really strong. I happen to like salty food, so I sucked on it really hard and swallowed it. Pretty soon he was pushing me away. 

"What's wrong? Don't you like it?"

He told me had had already cum, and the head of his dick got real sensitive after he blew his load. He assured me that yes, he really liked it, and told me I was a hell of a cocksucker. That made me feel real good, and he drove me back to where he had picked me up and said "later." I got out of the truck and he drove off. To tell you the truth, I felt kind of weird. Like a virgin that had just been used and left at the side of the road. I don't know what I expected, but it was just over so fast, you know? I was still horny and wanted to keep doing it, but he was gone. I thought about getting in my car and going home, but I was still too horny and didn't want to leave. I turned and headed for the bookstore.

That cluster of guys was still hanging out around the back door, and as I got closer, one of them broke off from the group and headed towards me. He was about six inches taller than me, built like a jock, with short hair and brown eyes. He walked up to me and said in a low voice "suck my dick?" Now normally, I would have told him where to go, but under the circumstances, feeling horny and wanting to put another dick in my mouth as soon as possible, I said "follow me," and led him off towards the trail that went from the back of the parking lot into the woods. 

I have always enjoyed the woods. I haved taken girlfriends out to the woods for sex and always enjoyed it. I had never sucked a guy's cock in the woods, though, so what I was thinking about doing with this guy would be a first. In the end, I was so horny at this point that I just about raped the poor guy. I found a small clearing underneath a large pine tree and stopped. I dropped to my knees and told him to come over. As soon as he got next to me, I started undoing his belt and working his pants down to his knees. 

I gotta tell you. This jock had one incredible cock. It was long and thick and shaped like the guys in the porno movies. I had him in my mouth and down my throat before he knew what was going on, and he just kept getting harder and harder and leaking pre-cum into my mouth. I sucked around his balls, and rubbed circles around his asshole with my index finger until he was practically screaming with pleasure. What the hell. We were out in the woods and nobody was going to hear him, so I rubbed him and sucked him as hard as I could. I have to admit my mouth was like a vacuum cleaner around that cock. The last guy had left me incredibly horny and unsatisfied, so I took out all my pent up lust against this guy and his beautiful cock.

To his credit, he lasted about 15 minutes, until I tasted that salty flavor in my mouth, and figured out that he had probably cum, so I backed off and jerked him until he finished spurting his hot juice on my face.

On the way back to the parking lot, he told me I was the best cocksucker that he had ever met and he wanted to meet up with me again sometime. I told him that I would be around the bookstore again that weekend, and maybe we could do something. I walked him to his car and watched him drive away happy, but I was still feeling horny.

Once again, I walked towards the back door of the bookstore, and there were three guys still hanging out there. This time, they all started walking towards me at once and told me they wanted their dicks sucked, so we all turned around as a group and headed back to the woods.

When I left my apartment that evening, I had no idea that I would eventually be gone for four hours, and end up sucking the cocks of five different guys. What an incredible night! The last guy ended up being a Korean guy with a five inch dick. By then, I was easily able to take him all the way down to the nut sack and give him some nice deep throat. I have to admit that his Asian cum tasted the best of all the five guys. He was so satisfied with the head I gave him that he turned around and sucked my dick until I shot a huge, hot load in his mouth. In the end I drove home, tired and sore, but happy, and very much looking forward to Friday night!