 I never considered myself gay, but neither did I have that instinctive revulsion to it that most guys I know seemed to have. I just figured folks do what they like. And I liked girls. I had a few, nothing unusual, some blow jobs, normal old sex, and I got married and that was pretty much my sex life.

Then I was at the gym one day. I like to take a steam after I work out, so I was in the steamroom, really almost half asleep. The guy walked in, a little bigger than me, maybe 6'2', a little more muscular. And he sat down directly across from me. I didn't think anything about it at first, but then I realized he was starring straight at me. I looked back at first, figuring he'd knock it off, but he didn't, so I looked away. It was making me pretty uncomfortable. I thought I should just get up and walk out, but I didn't. And he kept starring, like he was trying to figure out something about me.

And then he got up, dropped his towel, walked over, grabbed my head and shoved his cock in my mouth. And I let him. Just like that. And he fucked my face for a couple minutes, blew his load in my mouth and walked out. I spit his load on the drain in the floor, waiting to leave the steam room because I wanted him to be gone when I went to dress. I couldn't figure out what the hell had happened. Also, I couldn't figure out why my cock was rock hard.

I didn't see him in the locker room. So I changed, and I walked out. But he was waiting by the door. Again, he didn't say anything. He just took my phone off my belt, popped it open, put the number in his own phone, and said "I'll call."

I thought about changing my number. I didn't.

Over the next few weeks, he called a few times. First, I went to his place. Then he came to mine. He used my mouth. He used my ass. And I let him.

Yesterday morning, he called and said he was horny. But he couldn't host yesterday, and neither could I. So he told me he wanted me to meet him at the Denmark – and adult book store on not far from the gym where we met. It has some booths in the back. I'd been there sometimes as a teenager, watched movie, jacked off. I told him the booths there were really cramped, and usually really dirty. He told me we weren't using the booths, he was going to do me right out in the hallway – and that I was going to do anyone else who wanted to use me, too. In fact, I was going to put the ad up on Craigslist so people would now to come.

This excited me. But it also scarred the shit out of me, frankly. But I put the ad up, and I showed up at 12:45 as scheduled. I had told people who responded to the ad what I would be wearing, and I gave them my stats. When I first got there, I didn't see the guy yet, but a couple of guys were definitely giving me the eye, and I knew they must be the ones from the ad. It felt very exciting and degrading to have them looking at me and knowing that I had volunteered to take all cummers in this skanky hole.

Then my bud showed up. He grabbed the front of my shirt as he walked past and dragged me around a corner to a dark corner with several booths in it and shaved me to my knees. The guys who had been watching me followed along. He didn't say anything, just got his cock out and grabbed my head in both hands and crammed it down my throat. He held my head still and pumped his cock in and out. He has got a huge fucking cock – mine is 8" and fairly thick, and his is only one of the only ones I've run into that's bigger – and it is much bigger – especially thicker. So I'm gagging pretty good.

These guys who are watching just stand there at first. Then one of them gets his cock out and walks right up by me, stroking it. My bud pulls out, turns my head toward the other guy, and shoves it down his cock. This cocks was more average, so it went all the way in easily. Then the other guy got his cock out, a longer, but sort of skinny cock, and my bud started moving my head from one cock to the other.

Then he told me to stand up. I did. He moved behind me and shoved my head back down so I could keep sucking. I felt him reaching around in front of me, undoing my belt, then my pants, and pulling them all the way down to my ankles. I heard him tear open a condom package,

Now, he's fucked me before, but like I said, he is huge, so it usually takes a while for him to work in. Not this time. He said "brace yourself, bitch." He shoved himself all the way in in one vicious thrust. It hurt like hell. I mean really hurt. I screamed around the cock that was in my mouth, but that muffled it pretty good. He started ramming away in my ass – and it still hurt for the first several thrusts before I was finally loosened up. As he did that, the guy I was sucking – it was long, skinny cock at that point, he grabbed my head and really started going to down. Then he tensed up and blew his load in my mouth. He pulled out and the other guy moved right in. I don't like to swallow, so I had this chain of cum and spit drooling off my chin while the other guy started ramming in and out of my mouth and my bud get fucking me from behind. 

A couple other guys had moved into the hallway at this point, watching. Then a black guy pulled out his cock – another pretty big one, and started stroking. He looked up at the guy fucking me and said "Anybody get to use this bitch?" And my bud said "Help yourself."

He moved in beside the guy I was sucking and took one of my hands and wrapped it around his cock, making me stroke him. Then the guy I was sucking blew his load in my mouth and pulled out. The black guy went to stick his cock in my mouth, but my bud said "I'm about to blow and I want him to eat it – you want his ass?" and the black guy said "Hell yes." My bud handed him a condom, which he slid on, then they switched positions. The black guy rammed right in, too, but I was loose at this point, so it didn't hurt. Then he grabbed my hips and started to fuck me violently. My bud pulled off the condom and stuck his cock in my mouth. There were now four other guys lined up behind him. He told them to pick a hole and make a line. Two of them stayed behind him, one of them went around behind the black guy.

The black guy started saying "SUCK THAT COCK BITCH" and slapping my ass real hard. My bud finally blew in my mouth – a huge fucking load that was running out both sides of my lips while he kept thrusting in and out. Then he pulled out and a new guy took my mouth. The black guy really started to ram it home and grunt. He came in my ass, then pulled out, took off the condom and dumped his load on my face. The second guy started sticking his cock in my ass, but my bud stopped him, told him he had to suit up, so he put on a condom, and then he fucked my ass. He fucked slower, so he was fucking me the whole time the last two guys used my mouth. After then had both cum, he pulled out and told me to get back on my knees, look up, and open my mouth. I did, and he jacked his load into my mouth and all over my face. 

There was a skinny guy, just a kid, really, maybe 18 or 19, watching from a little ways off. He had his cock out, stocking it, but he never came over. My bud looked at him and said "You don't want any of this?" and the kid just shook his head. My bud walked over and grabbed him by arm, pulled him over and shoved him to his knees. He told me to stand up. He shoved the kid's face into my cock, but the kid didn't open his mouth, he just knelt there while I rubbed precum on his face. My bud told him "My bitch has been good and you got to enjoy the show. Now you pay. With your mouth or with your ass, your call." Still the kid just knelt there. My bud hauled him to his feet, started working the front of his pants. The kid dropped back to his knees, took my cock in his mouth and started to suck. It only took a minute before I blew down his throat.