 I am a 52-year old, white, married, male. I was not always aware that I am bisexual. In my younger years I would never have considered any sort of sex with another man.

I have always been very sexual to the point of extremes. I would frequently visit adult bookstores utilizing the video booths to masturbate. It was a turn on being in this type of setting because it was somewhat public. I would avoid the booths with gloryholes and always lock the door.

It wasn't until I had been married and found that my wife's sex drive was not in sync with my sexual appetite that I began to think about experimenting. After I caught her cheating on me, everything changed. The details will have to wait as this story is about my last visit to an adult bookstore in Akron, OH.

This is a true story. I am sharing this experience simply because it is a major turn on for me sharing it, and since I am essentially "in the closet", it allows me to share without divulging my true identity.

I am considered a fairly attractive guy, 6' tall, short dark hair, hazel eyes, if not a slightly overweight at 230 lbs. I have lost over thirty pounds over the last two years and I continue to work towards getting to under 200 lbs. A medical condition had caused me to gain the weight and now that it's under control, I have made great progress in getting back into shape.

I have always been orally-oriented. I love pleasing women orally. What I have discovered over the last ten years is my oral fixation applies to sucking off men as well. I love the feel of a large cock in my mouth. The sensation of it filling my mouth is indescribable. The feeling of a hard cock with its soft skin inside my mouth makes me hard instantly.

I have also discovered that I have a high tolerance to gagging which allows me to swallow even the largest cocks I have encountered. I have taken 9" dicks all the way down my throat and licked their balls at the same time.

I travel from central Ohio to Northeast Ohio frequently. Along the way I pass through Akron. After a bit of on-line research, I found the adult bookstore. It's a small place with a retail area out front and two separate areas in the rear with video booths. There are no doors on the booths and a small bench in front of each screen.

After paying a small fee to enter the booth area, you are free to mill about in either area. I usually arrive between 11am and 1pm. There always seems to be a good number of men at the store. 

After walking about a bit I entered one of the viewing areas. Flipped through a few channels until I found a video of a man giving a transsexual a blow job. My goal was to suck off as many guys as I could and having each one shot his load on my face.

I purposely had worn two shirts so that I could remove one as to not walk out with cum all over my shirt. After removing my shirt, I unzipped my pants and started stroking myself. I didn't have to wait long. 

Within just a couple minutes the first guy walked up to the entrance of my booth. He looked at me noticing the video on the screen. I sat forward and reached out my hand towards his crotch. He stepped forward a bit and unzipped his pants pulling out his cock. I moved towards him, reached out and took his cock in my hand. I pulled him towards me, sat back on the bench and took his dick in my mouth.

His cock started swelling inside my mouth as I took him all the way in to his balls. I began moving my lips up and down running my hand the length of his shaft as I sucked him. After a short time, I looked up at the entrance of the booth and noticed that two more guys had found their way to my booth and were watching me sucking cock.

Both of the new guys had their cocks in their hand jacking off while watching me. I reached out to the new guys and one of them walked over to me, offering his cock up to my willing mouth. I continued to stroke the first guy's cock while I took the second guy into my mouth.

Now I had two cocks in my face. My hard-on was raging as I took turns sucking off each guy. After going back and forth for a few minutes, I began concentrating on the first guy. He starting breathing hard and said he was going to cum. I responded "yes, I want you to shoot your cum on my face". "Cum on my face, now". With that I felt his hot white goo shoot out all over my face. I stroked his cock and slapped his dick on my face to make sure I caught every drop of his cum on my face.

The first guy zipped his pants and left the booth. The third guy entered the booth and I again had two cocks to suck on. The first guy was about 5". The next two were both at least 7". I really like big dicks so these two guys proved to be much more satisfying.

I immediately took both guys into my hands, pulled them close together and worked to fit both dicks into my mouth at the same time. The second guy's balls started to tense up and I knew he was ready to give me his load. I switched my mouth to him and he came instantly. The first spurt shoot directly into my mouth. I moved off and he shoot his remaining load straight onto my face. When he finished, I looked up at him, showed him the cum he shot in my mouth, then swallowed it for him.

The third guy, seeing that I had swallowed, lost it and shot his huge load onto my face and chest. He was jacking off furiously, spewing cum everywhere. Some of it landed on my watch so I licked it off while he watched. I had cum dripping off my face. The two guys zipped up and left the booth while I rubbed their cum into my face.

I composed myself and went back to watching the video. It took a few minutes before the next guy showed up at the entrance of my booth. I was watching the video while stroking my engorged cock. He was a younger black guy with 7 thick inches. He stood outside the door watching me. When I offered out my hand he walked away. Within 20 seconds he had returned and decided to come into my booth.

He unzipped and walked up to my waiting mouth. He stroked his cock inches away from my face. I waited for him, until he finally thrust his rock hard, throbbing dick down my throat. This may have been the first time he let another man suck him, but once he gave in, he faced fucked me hard and fast.

As he was feeding me his cock, another guy showed up at the entrance of the booth. This bothered the guy I was sucking, and he asked the new guy to leave. The new guy left, then returned only moments later, at which time the guy I was sucking left without giving me what I ultimately wanted.

The new guy took his turn as soon as the last guy left. He wasn't as big, but he was enthusiastic and came almost as soon as I took him into my mouth. I let him shoot a bit into my mouth before pulling him out and rubbing his cock on my lips while he gave me his remaining load. I let the cum in my mouth slip out on his wet cock and stroked the last bit of cum out of his dick.

Five guys, four loads of cum on my face, and I was just getting started. The next guy turned out to be the third guy with the nice thick 7 inches. He came quickly the first time and was back for another turn. 

I was happy he had returned because he was the largest to that point. I sucked him slow and long, enjoying the feel of his fat hard cock sliding down my throat.

He enjoyed the way my mouth felt on his cock and decided he wanted to return the favor. He dropped to his knees in front of me and took my rock hard dick into his mouth. I only let him suck me for a short time. I wasn't ready to cum, I really wanted more dick in my mouth.

He got back up and gave me that beautiful dick again. He took me by the back of my head and forced his fat cock down my throat, holding my head down. I sucked deep and hard until he began shooting his hot cum down my throat. I pulled off and he finished on my face, just like I like it.

After the last performance, I needed a short break. I had cum all over my face and my shirt was stained with five loads of cum. I walked around the booths a while, then went to the other side of the store. As I walked through the outer area, a few guys were milling about looking at magazines and videos for sale. I am sure they noticed the cum on my face and shirt, and that just got me harder.

Two of them followed me into the video area. I walked straight into another booth and they both followed me. I turned around as I entered the booth and asked them both if they wanted to cum on me. I unzipped both of them, sat down on the bench and took turns sucking them until they both gave me their loads.

At this point I was starting to feel like cumming myself. I figured I would walk around until I found a guy to finish me off. 

As I was cruising the booths looking for the lucky guy I noticed a guy and a woman had showed up. I got excited at the thought of seeing what they were up to. It's not often that I have seen couples at these places and to top it off, they were both good looking.

I went over to them as they entered a booth. Of course most of the other guys were making their way to them as well. I was the first guy in the booth with them and two other guys tried to squeeze in as well.

It was a tight fit but we all managed to fit into the booth. The woman sat down and removed her top to reveal her tits. They were small but nice. I reached over and groped her tits with two other guys, while she unbuttoned the top of her jeans sticking her hand inside and fingering her pussy. 

Her partner pulled down his pants exposing a thin, long, very nice cock. She asked us if we thought he had a nice cock. Then she asked us to show her our cocks. We each pulled out our dicks and she started stroking each of us one at a time. 

She looked up at her partner and asked him if he wanted to suck one of our cocks for her. Without saying anything he bent over and started sucking the guy next to me.

Watching her man suck cock really turned her on. She reached over took my cock in her hand, pulled me to her mouth and started sucking me. This lasted a few minutes then they both stopped sucking. I reached down and started rubbing her pussy through her jeans. 

She looked up at me asking if I liked her friend's dick. I answered by leaning over taking his dick down my throat and sucking him deep.

After enjoying his cock in my mouth for a few minutes, she pulled my head up and told me she wanted to watch me cum in her friend's mouth. 

I smiled and put my raging hard-on right in his face. He willingly took me into his throat. It didn't take long. I looked straight into her eyes as she watched her man swallow my entire load. When I finished cumming, he moved over to her and snowballed my entire load into her mouth. She swished my cum around in her mouth, opened wide to show me, then swallowed the entire load.

I was completely spent. I zipped up, cleaned up and continued my trip. I hope you enjoy this recounting of my experience. If you enjoyed it, I have other adventures that I would be willing to share. Please feel free to let me know, and thank you for reading.