 This is a semi-autobiographical story, taking place in the middle 1970s. I hope readers find it as exciting as I did to write it. Please respond with comments.

*

I was driving home one night long ago, and decided to stop in a magazine store that was open late. I was hoping to buy a Penthouse magazine I think. The girlie magazines were in the back of the store, and while browsing, I discovered a "nudist" magazine. Excited by the prospect of full frontal nudity, I picked it up, looked around to make sure no one was watching, and flipped through the pages.

It was full of women in expected playful poses, but there were also naked men! I never really thought about, or even had a good look at another mans cock before. To my surprise I found myself staring at them. I couldn't believe how excited I got looking at them. It was closing time by now and the large and friendly man behind the counter politely asked if there was anything I would like to buy because he was closing the store. I was startled, but still excited. I quickly put the magazine down and left the store.

I got home and went to bed. I was still a little confused about my excitement. It seemed especially naughty looking at those naked men, but I couldn't stop thinking about them. I jerked off thinking about them that night, wondering what it would be like to touch them. I came intensely and fell asleep.

The next day I couldn't stop thinking about those pictures. I even found myself wondering what my co-workers looked like naked. I went back to the magazine store that night. I was too embarrassed to buy the magazine, but I couldn't stop staring at those beautiful cocks. Again I went home and dreamed of what I would like to do to them, if only I had the chance. The longer I fantasized the bolder I got. I started out just wanting to look at them, then wanting to touch and stroke them, next I was kneeling in front of them. After a while I realized that what I really wanted was to kiss and lick them, take them into my mouth and suck them. I thought I'd never have the chance to actually do something like this!

This went on for days. I was too timid to buy the magazine, but I was grateful that the man at the counter let me hang out for hours. One night at closing he went into the back room. I knew my time was soon up, and composed myself in preparation for the trip home. Suddenly, the man called to me from the back room, asking me to give him a hand. I was glad to help and walked into the darkened back room. To my complete shock he was standing there with a huge hard cock and balls sticking out of his trousers. He told me he thought I might like to see the real thing. I was paralyzed with shock and terror, but I couldn't take my eyes off it! He told me to go ahead and kiss it if I wanted to. My knees were so weak I fell on them in a heartbeat. The big head of his cock was in front of my face and I leaned forward to kiss it, but I didn't.

As soon as my lips touched it I had his whole cock in my mouth and I was sucking it. The more I sucked the harder it got, and the more I wanted to suck it! It felt wonderful and completely natural. I took it all the way down my throat with every stroke until his heavy balls rested on my chin. I could feel he was going to come but I couldn't stop. His cock surged in my mouth, filling it with come, and I just gulped every drop of it down. I still couldn't stop sucking.

He stepped back, put his dick back in his trousers and zipped up. I hardly got to see it! He told me he enjoyed what I did and I should come back if I wanted to it again. He helped me to my feet and led me out of the store. I was so dazed and excited my hands were trembling as I tried to start my car. It all happened so fast it seemed like a dream, but that unmistakable taste of cum in my mouth told me otherwise. One thing I knew for sure; I couldn't wait to do it again.

I couldn't get anything done at work the next day. All I could do was think about what I had done last night and how wonderful and natural it felt. I felt proud that I could take that big cock all the way into my mouth, but the best thing was making it come. I wanted to suck that cock again and I wanted to be good at it too. His cum seemed like a reward and proof of a job well done. I loved the idea of swallowing it too, having a part of it inside me. I wanted to discover everything that beautiful cock likes, to serve it and show my adoration for it. If only the time would pass more quickly!

The following night I went back to the bookstore about ten minutes before closing. The man seemed glad to see me and winked at me. It made me feel much more comfortable, but it seemed like forever until the last customer left and he locked the door. I followed his instruction as he led me to the back room. He told me that he knew I would come back for more, but he was surprised to see me soon. He unfastened his trousers and slipped them off. I was almost uncontrollably excited at the sight of his half hard cock. Knowing what was going to happen made it even better than the first time!

He sat down on an old overstuffed chair and told me to sit between his legs and follow his instructions, explaining that he wanted to help me reach my full potential as a cocksucker. I immediately obeyed, relieved that I no longer had to stand on my shaking legs. I thought for a moment about being called a cocksucker; I liked it! As soon as I was seated I leaned forward to take his cock into my mouth, but he stopped me. He told me to just look at it while and to tell him about the time I spent looking at cocks in the magazines. It seemed impossible; having a big beautiful cock in front of my face was too terrible a tease, but I swallowed hard and started my confession.

It was difficult at first, but after a little while I told everything about my secret desires. I told him how beautiful I thought all those cocks were and how I longed to have them in front of my face like his was. I told him how I wanted to kiss and lick all of them, how they made my mouth water and my throat ache to be filled with them. He told me I did very well, and from the looks of his cock it was just as exciting for him too! He told me he was ready to have his cock and balls licked and kissed, which I was dying to do. I started by wrapping my tongue around the bottom of his ball sack and licking up the sides, occasionally feeling the thick heavy shaft of his cock brush against my face. I couldn't help but think of the sweet load of cum they held for me. I moved on to his shaft, starting at the base and covering every inch of it with little licks and kisses. I stopped from time to time to tell him how I had dreamed of doing this and how much I adored his cock. It looked especially beautiful, glistening with saliva in the dim light.

He told me to suck it now, nice and slowly. I took it into my mouth gently, feeling the magnificent head of it slide over my tongue and fill my aching throat. In a couple of long slow strokes I felt his thick sweet cum surge into my mouth and down my throat. It was so perfect. All I could do was hold it all the way in my mouth as I rested my head on his thigh. I wanted this to last forever.

After a while he took his still hard cock from my mouth and started stroking it. He told me I did such a good job sucking him that he wanted to jerk off into my mouth while I stroked my own cock. I promptly obeyed, getting out my own cock and playing with it while I obediently held my mouth open for him. The taste of cum in my mouth, the feeling of the head of his cock brushing over my lips, and wanting to show him how much I wanted to feel him cum again were all very exciting. I tried to take as much of the head of his cock into my mouth as I could as he stroked it. I took his balls in my hand as I stroked myself and soon I felt that wonderful warm gush over my lips and tongue. I licked all the cum from his fingers as I came myself.

I visited the bookstore several times a week, but every time was new and different experience. Sometimes I would just get on my knees in front of him and he would fuck my mouth frantically until he shot down my throat. Sometimes he would tease me and make me beg to lick or suck his cock. My favorite though was sitting with his cock in front of my face for about an hour, just admiring it between kisses licks and strokes. Of course the real satisfaction was always taking his load.

One day I was even more cock-hungry than usual, and when I followed him to the back room he said he had an extra special surprise for me. I was so excited at just the thought of having a cock in my mouth again that I didn't pay much attention. When I turned the corner into the back room I was shocked to find two big construction worker type guys standing there. I was kind of scared at first, but the bookstore man reassured me that they were his friends and just wanted to see the cocksucker he told them about. My fear suddenly turned to embarrassment. I thought of what he might have told them about me and felt myself blush as I stood there paralyzed. He reassured me that everything was alright and said he had something he knew would relax me. With that he unfastened his belt and unzipped his trousers. As soon as he pulled out his semi-hard cock I felt that uncontrollable suck urge come over me. I seemed to forget about everything else and just fell to my knees and took it into my mouth.

I felt so good now that I had a dick in my mouth. He was right, it did relax me. I started to suck in a long slow rhythm, enjoying that feeling of his growing hardness, delighted that he enjoyed my efforts to make my mouth soft and wet for his beautiful cock. I wasn't nervous or embarrassed at all anymore, and that hunger to suck was all gone. I felt like being there on my knees sucking that big stiff cock was completely natural to me. I didn't have to work hard at it, or even think at all. All I had to do was surrender myself to pleasing the cock in my mouth, letting it somehow tell my lips and tongue what to do. It slid all the way down my throat without the slightest effort, and it felt good to hug the base of it with my lips when his balls rested on my chin.

By now I was completely unaware of anything else in the world, contently bobbing my head up and down on the bookstore man's cock. It was getting real hard now and I was getting ready to swallow some cum when I became vaguely aware of some shuffling around. Suddenly I heard the unmistakable sound of a belt buckle and zipper. I opened my eyes for and there was a cock on either side of the bookstore man, both pointing right at my face. This was a dream come true! The cock on the left was incredibly thick, with an enormous head and big balls, the one on the right was long and thin, with its head just peeking out of it's foreskin. I reached up and took one in each hand just as the bookstore man let out a low groan and shot into my mouth. I gulped down his load as I stroked a hard cock in each hand!

The bookstore man quickly stepped aside, and before I could even swallow the thick cock was in my mouth. I really had to stretch my jaw to get it into my mouth, and I could feel the huge head push the rest of the load down my throat. He put his hand on the back of my head as I sucked, telling me what a good cocksucker I was. It was amazing how different his cock felt from the bookstore mans', but it felt great! Even though I never sucked this cock before I felt like I knew just what to do, and the growing hardness told me so. I reached up and cupped his balls in my hand. They more than filled my hand and a second later I felt a huge gush of thick bittersweet cum in my mouth. I swirled it around inside my mouth, enjoying the taste and texture of it for a moment, and then pushed it down my throat with the big head of his dick.

I was trembling with excitement when the next cock was already in front of my face. I put my hands on his hips to steady myself and started to lick his balls. I wanted to lick them longer but the shaft of his cock kept brushing across my face, making me want to suck really bad. I did manage to stop and look at his cock for a moment though, the foreskin draped over the head of his cock was adorable! I opened wide and took the whole thing into my mouth in a single motion. The extra soft foreskin was a wonderful contrast to the hardness of his shaft, and I delighted in playing with it with my tongue as it slid in and out of my mouth. I thought about how wonderful each cock felt in it's own special way, how they had their own personality and needs. I loved the thought of sucking many more, and learning how to please them.

Right now the cock in my mouth was getting ready to give me its' load, and I was just as hungry as the first time I ever took one in my mouth. After the third squirt I gulped down I thought he was finished, but to my delight he just kept cumming for about five or six more shots! I wished it would go on forever.

Afterwards he helped me to my feet and we all said "Thanks!" at the same time, then we laughed about it. The bookstore man spoke first, saying that we would all definitely do this again. He motioned for me to stay while he let the other men out of the store.

When he returned he had his semi-hard cock in his hand and suggested that I blow him while I play with my own cock. I was still very excited and slipped out of my jeans as I took my usual place between his legs. I intended to take my time with this and began to lick his balls tenderly as I lightly stroked our cocks. He told me he got excited watching me suck those two cocks, and that he had never seen anyone with as much natural talent for pleasing a cock. It made me feel good to hear this and I told him I would gladly suck as many as he wanted me to and that I was grateful for the opportunities he gave me to be a good cocksucker.

I could tell this talk was getting him hot and he started stroking himself with just the tip of his dick brushing against my lips. I continued talking, telling him how much I loved serving those men and how good their cum tasted. Just then he shot on my lips and tongue, triggering my own shuddering orgasm. I licked up all the cum and kissed his cock for a while afterwards.

We got up, dressed and headed for the door. On the way out he told me he was off tomorrow and he wanted to take me to a different kind of bookstore. He said there would be lots of cocks there that needed to be taken care of.

I couldn't wait until tomorrow!