 He gulped as the head of the cock rammed into him. The pain was almost overwhelming and the assault on his ass seemed never ending. All he could hear was the hissing of the man behind him as he rammed his hard cock in and out of his ass. His own mouth was open in pain but nothing was coming out but a silent scream.

How did this happen? It had all started as he got out of his car in the rest area. He had had a long day, driving for over eight hours and his body was telling him that he needed a rest. He wasn’t one who usually stopped except for the necessities but today, both his body and the scenery invited him to stop. The parking lot was almost empty except for an old pickup and a highway workers truck. As he slowly walked over to the restroom, stretching, he entered to find two men inside. They were standing apart, one at the sink and the other leaning against one of the stall doors. He nodded in acknowledgement to them and walked over to the urinal. As he was unzipping his pants, he felt a body near him. Turning, he saw one of the men standing directly behind him, also unzipping his pants.

“Hey mister?” he asked. “Ever had a cock up your ass?”

Slightly amazed and also alarmed, he tried to ignore the man.

“Hey mister? Didn’t you hear me?” the man asked, moving closer to him.

“I heard you but I didn’t think I needed to answer you,” he said, quickly pulling the zipper up again.

“Oh, and why is that?” the man asked, his voice now seemingly angry.

He moved over to the sink and turned on the water. As he lowered his hands under the streaming water, he felt the man come up right behind him and press himself against his ass.

“You’ve got nice tight buns,” the man started. “I bet your ass is a virgin, isn’t it?”

Again he tried to ignore the man and moved over to the towels to dry his hands. The man followed him and pinned him against the wall from behind. He felt a hand rub against his ass and reach down between his legs.

“You have quite a big package there,” the man said, reaching forward and grabbing his cock. “How about if you show us what you got in there?”

He turned and faced the man. He looked first at the man in front of him and then over at the other man, standing against the stall door, who was rubbing his pants as he slowly unzipped his pants. The man pulled his pants open and pulled his hard cock out of them, slowly rubbing his hand up and down his length.

“Wouldn’t you like to feel this up your ass?” he asked, as he continued rubbing his hard cock. “I’m sure you would enjoy it.”

He tore his eyes away from the man’s hard cock and looked at the man standing in front of him again.

“Look guys, I don’t want any trouble.”

“Oh, it won’t be any trouble. We’d love to help you,” the man in front of him said as he reached forward and grabbed his cock again. “You look like you could use a good fucking.”

Now he was panicked. His mind was racing trying to come up with a solution for the position he was in.

“You know,” he began. “I’d love to have you two fuck me but I’m on kind of a tight schedule and have to get going.”

“Oh you’re tight alright,” the man in front of him said. “I bet your ass is a virgin, isn’t it?”

He didn’t answer. Looking over at the man by the stall door, he saw that he had pulled his pants off and was rubbing his hard cock faster. He groaned a little and started towards him.

“Come on, pal. Put your hand around this and feel its power. It won’t hurt you,” as the man’s cock was thrust into his hand.

He had never felt a hard cock before except his own and he tried to take his hand away. 

“Don’t pull away,” the man demanded as he moved closer. “Wrap your hand around my cock and rub it.”

He did as he was told, all the time watching the eyes of the man, whose cock he was rubbing. He saw in his eyes, nothing but lust and he looked away quickly.

“Oh yeah. That’s it. Rub it harder. That feels so good,” the man said as he moved closer still. “You’re a natural at this. I bet you’re a natural at other things too.”

The second man now had moved beside him. He turned and found his face inches away from his, the man’s breath spreading across his face. Before he could say anything or move, the man leaned in and found his mouth with his lips, roughly sticking his tongue inside his mouth. He tried to pull back but the man raised his hand and held his head in place as he continued to search his mouth with his slippery wet tongue.

As his mouth was being assaulted by the man’s tongue, the cock in his hand was getting harder and thicker. He next felt a hand on his zipper, pulling it down and opening his pants. His underwear was pulled down and his cock was exposed. He felt the cock in his hand disappear and a warm mouth surround his own member, licking and sucking on it, trying to make it hard and erect. The man tonguing his mouth, now, moved his hand down and pinched his nipples through his shirt.

His mind raced as the two men continued assaulting his body, sucking on his now erect cock and kissing his open mouth. The man beside him pulled his mouth away from his and stepped back, looking down at the man sucking his cock.

“It looks like he wants it,” he said as he smiled. The man reached out and started to undo the buttons on his shirt, slowly at first and then almost ripping them open in his haste to get at his body. His shirt was pulled off him and the man leaned down and started to suck his nipple, pinching the other as he did. He had to admit that the feelings he was having were great but he still wasn’t ready for what happened next.

He tried to stop the men but they overwhelmed him. They pulled his clothes completely off him and pushed him down to the cold tile floor. One of them stood at his head while the other was behind him, rubbing his ass cheeks and running his fingers up and down his crack.

“Oh man, what a beautiful ass you have there. I’m going to enjoy fucking it,” the man behind him said. 

He felt the man spit on his ass and rub it into his skin. As he did, the head of his cock started pushing against his exposed hole and he felt the pressure as the man pushed harder, trying to enter him.

“Please don’t do this,” he begged, to which all he heard was a grunt.

The cock pushing against his ass hole slowly entered him, splitting his splinter open and he felt an enormous pain instantly run through his whole body. Just as he opened his mouth to scream, the man in front of him, jammed his hard cock into his mouth, completely filling it with his member. His eyes were watering at the tremendous pain and he tried to spit the hard cock out of his mouth. The man reached down and held his head as he started to thrust slowly in and out of his open mouth.

“Wrap your lips around my cock,” he demanded. “Suck me like you want to. Make me come in your mouth.”

As he closed his lips around the head of the hard cock, his ass was opening itself up to the hard cock that was slowly sliding up into him. The pain was still there but was subsiding a little as the cock reached its goal, fully filling his ass.

He closed his eyes as the cock in his mouth slid against his tongue. The cock in his ass started to slide out of him again and then was thrust fully, back into him. The pain this time was not as intense and he found he was starting to enjoy it a little even though he was being raped. His mind went blank as the two cocks continued to abuse him, first the one in his mouth, thrashing against his tongue and the cock in his ass, pounding in and out of him, filling him and emptying him every time it was thrust in and out.

After what seemed like an eternity, the cock inside his ass twitched and he felt it spew it’s hot come up into him, warming his ass and filling his canal. The man grunted once as he came and held himself against his ass, as he spewed hot come into him, over and over again. He felt the man’s balls grinding against his ass as they emptied themselves into him.

Suddenly, he felt a bitter, somewhat sweet taste on his tongue as the cock inside his mouth started to spurt its come into his mouth. His head was being held against the man’s groin and all he could feel were the man’s hair rubbing against his face as the cock filled his mouth with it’s hot load. He tried not to swallow but there was too much for him not too and he swallowed quickly, trying not to gag as he did.

His ass was suddenly empty as the man pulled out of him, the come running down his legs and covering his balls with its sticky gooey mass. It felt warm as it pooled around his upturned balls and he hoped that this was all over. Both men had fucked him and had come and he wanted this all to end. Would it? 

As the two men stepped away from him, he looked up and found that there were other men in the room, watching the three of them. Most of them were rubbing the front of their pants as they watched but a couple of them had their cocks out and were rubbing them openly. Oh no, he thought as he looked around at the group of men. This wasn’t going to end now, was it, he thought. It has just begun.

He closed his eyes and braced himself for what he knew was coming. He didn’t have to wait long as he felt a man move between his cheeks, part them and thrust his hard cock fully up into him, impaling him on his long, thick cock. Another man lifted his face up and thrust his hard cock into his mouth, roughly starting to thrust it in and out of his mouth. 

He endured the second raping of his body and then a third. How many cocks had taken him, he wasn’t sure but the soreness of his ass was telling him that it must have been quite a few. 

As the last hard cock was spraying its hot come into the mixture inside him, he heard a voice.

“He’s had enough.”

The cock pulled out of him and he heard the rustling of feet as the group of men disappeared, leaving him in the middle of the room, on his hands and knees.

“Here, let me help you,” he heard the voice again and felt two hands helping him to his feet. As he stood, the mass of mixed come ran down his legs and pooled at his feet.

“You’ve had quite a day. Let me help you get dressed,” he heard the voice again. “Maybe you better come with me and we’ll fix your sore ass for you.”

He looked up through watery eyes, not completely open and saw a big black man standing in front of him. He watched the man bend over and pick up his clothes off the cold floor and start to help him into them.

“Thank you,” he said roughly, his voice a whisper as the man helped get dressed.

The man led him out of the restroom and stopped him.

“Where is your car?” he asked.

“Over there,” he said, pointing in the general direction of where he had left his car so long ago, or so it seemed.

“Are you alright to drive?” the man asked.

“I think so,” he answered.

As he took a step, he stumbled and fell against the black man.

“No, I don’t think you are. Let us help you. My son will drive your car and follow us and we’ll take care of you.”

He let the man lead him over to the old pickup. A young man jumped out of the pickup and headed towards them.

“What’s the matter, Pop?” he asked as he neared them.

“Oh, this guy had a bit of trouble and he needs our help. That’s his car over there. You follow us up to the house in it but be careful.”

He watched the young man head in the direction of his car as the man helped him into the pickup.

“We just live over there,” he said, pointing across the road. “We’ll get you back on your feet in no time.”

He watched the man go around the front of the pickup and get into the other side, starting the motor. They pulled out of the rest area and he soon found himself being led into a small but neat little house across the road. The man helped him into a chair.

“Here, you just sit there for a few minutes until I get the tub full. You’ll feel better after a warm bath,” he said, leaving him sitting in the chair.

He heard the water start running in the bathroom as the young man appeared in the doorway.

“You ok, mister?”

He just nodded, not being able to say anything.

The man appeared again and led him into the bathroom. It was full of steam coming from the tub and the warmth felt good against his tired, sore skin. The man helped him out of his tattered clothes and then into the warm water. He settled down into the tub and felt the soreness start to leave his body.

“You just sit there for a while and let that water soothe you,” he heard the man say as he left the room, closing the door behind him. 

He put his head against the back of the tub and settled down into the water. He mind went back to across the road and what he had just endured. He closed his eyes and all he could see was hard cocks, hot come spewing out of them and into his body. Tears ran down his face as he sat in the warm water, remembering the feelings of the many cocks that had violated his body and how it felt. Now, he wasn’t sure if he had enjoyed it or if he was just feeling the shock of it all at the same time. He felt his cock straining and he opened his eyes and looked down. He was fully erect and he gently rubbed the head of his cock with his hand.

He tore his hand away from his cock just as the door opened and the black man entered.

“How you doing?” he asked, looking at him.

He then noticed his hard cock sticking out of the water.

“Looks like you’re doing just fine,” he said as he sat down on the edge of the tub. “You’re remembering what you’ve just gone through and from the looks of it, you enjoyed it.”

He didn’t answer but just looked at the man’s face and saw a smile on it.

“I didn’t rape you but I watched the others work you over. You took a lot of hard cocks today, you know. Must have been ten guys fucked you either in the mouth or in your ass. That many cocks at once can hurt but I’m sure you’re going to be alright.”

He watched the man starting to get up off the tub. He grabbed his hand and stopped him.

“Don’t leave me,” he said in his gruff, raspy voice. 

The man smiled and sat back down again. The two men looked at each other before either of them said anything. The black man looked at his hard cock again.

“You know, you should do something about that before long,” he said, smiling at him.

“Will you help me?” he asked quietly.

The look on the man’s face was one of astonishment.

“Haven’t you had enough for one day?” he asked.

“Help me,” he pleaded, looking directly into the man’s eyes. “Please.”

The man leaned forward and wrapped his dark, rough hand around his cock.

“Oh, that feels good,” he said, as the black man started to run his hand up and down his hard length. “Slowly.”

The black man got off the edge of the tub and onto his knees.

“You know, you have a beautiful cock there,” he said as he rubbed it. “Would you like me to suck it for you?”

“Oh yes,” he said as he watched the black man stand up and start to undo his pants.

He watched the black body emerge form the clothes. His cock was semi hard and after he had taken all his clothes off, he straddled him and settled down into the warm water, between his legs, raising his ass up a little so his cock was at his mouth. He then stuck his tongue out and gently licked the head, sliding his tongue in and out of his slit, gently licking up and down his length. The feeling was starting to come back to his body as the black man gently sucked on his hard cock.

“Oh yeah, man. Suck me,” he said, lying back against the tub again.

He watched his cock disappear in and out of the man’s mouth as he bobbed up and down, licking and sucking on it, trying to make it fill his mouth with it’s hot come. As he closed his eyes, he heard a noise beside him. Opening them again, he turned his head and found another black, hard cock, level with his mouth. Without looking up, he opened his mouth and let the black cock slide across his tongue. He reached out with one hand and pulled the buns of the young man towards him and took all of him inside his wet mouth.

His cock was starting to twitch in the man’s mouth and he felt himself explode inside him, spewing his hot come into his throat, making him swallow fast and often. As the man licked him and sucked all the come out of him, he concentrated on the hard firm cock between his lips. The young man started to slowly thrust his cock in and out of his mouth and he let him fuck his face.

After a few minutes, he felt it twitch and then a hot load of bitter sweet come crossed his tongue on its way down his throat. He swallowed it all and sucked on the cock, trying to empty it into him. After the young man stopped moving, he let his cock slide out of his mouth. He looked at the man and then at his son.

“You just didn’t get enough, did you?” the man asked.

“No, I guess not,” he answered.

“Well, your cock felt good in my mouth and I wouldn’t mind feeling it in my ass, if you want to fuck me,” he said, smiling at him.

He looked up at the young man who was still standing beside him. He was slowly rubbing his growing cock with his hand and he smiled down at him.

“I wouldn’t mind,” he said slowly, watching for the reaction on the man’s face.

“You just lay there and let me do all the work,” the man said as he got up and turned around, straddling his knees and lowering himself over his hardening cock. He watched the man spread his legs wide open so his ass hole was fully exposed and watched as he lowered himself down until the head of his cock was resting against the man’s opening. He felt the hardness of the man’s splinter give way and felt a sudden hot feeling as his cock entered the man’s ass.

“Oh, that feels good,” the man said as he lowered himself further onto his cock. “Yes, you have a great cock for fucking. I want it all inside me. I want to feel you fuck me and fill me with your hot come.”

He watched his cock disappear inside the man’s ass until all he could see was the man’s ass and his crotch hair, intermingled.

“Oh yeah. Fuck me,” the man said as he started to raise himself up the length of his hard cock. “Yeah, that feels good.”

The man started to pump his body up and down on his hard cock, filling his canal with its thickness.

“Oh yeah, that it. Fuck me,” he said, almost pleading him to continue.

All he could do was lay back and enjoy it as the black man was pumping his body up and down faster and faster on his hard cock, impaling himself every time to the fullest.

The water in the tub was splashing against the walls as the black man continued fucking himself on his hard cock.

“Oh god, that feels good.”

He watched the man sit right down on his cock as he felt the first spurt of his come, spew up into him.

“Fill me. Fill me with your hot come,” the man yelled as he felt his cock exploding inside him. “Oh yeah, fuck, that feels good.”

The man sat on him until he was finished coming then stood up and turned around.

“That felt great,” he said, smiling down at him. “You can fuck me anytime you want.”

“What about me?” the younger man suddenly said, surprising both men. “Can I still fuck you Pop?”

The man smiled at his son and nodded.

“Sure you can, son but his cock felt so good deep inside me. Maybe he can fuck you too so you can feel how great his cock is.”

He looked down and smiled again at him.

“My son likes to fuck me as often as he can but I’m sure he would enjoy having you fuck him. Maybe in a little while, you can fuck him and make him feel your great cock inside him. What do you think?”

“Ok, I’ll try,” he said looking at the young man. “Can you wait for a little while, though.”

The young man nodded and turned to his father.

“Come on Pop. I need your ass right now.”

He watched the black man get out of the tub and walk out of the room. He heard the grunt from him as his son’s cock entered his ass, impaling him on it. He got out of the tub, wanting to watch the two. As he entered the kitchen, he found the black man on his knees, his son pumping his long black cock in and out of the man’s ass as fast as he could. He watched the man’s cheeks shake as the cock pounded in and out of him, coming suddenly. The young man grunted loudly and ground himself against his father’s ass, holding himself still against him, filling his ass with his hot come, mixing it with his. After a few minutes, the young man pulled his still hard cock out of his father’s ass and turned towards him.
