 I had stopped into my local bookstore. There was a new release that I wanted to pick up there. I found the book and had just picked it up off the shelf when one of the employees there said something to me.

"Have you read that author's other books?" I was asked by this handsome guy.

"Yes I have, I have most of his releases," I told him.

The man in question was dark haired, in his mid-twenties and quite good looking. He had a few tattoos on his arms that I could see. His name was Tim. I told Tim that he was welcome to borrow some of my books if he wanted to. I wrote my name and phone number down for him, then made my purchase. I really didn't expect to hear from him, to be honest. A few days later I got a call from Tim.

He asked if it would be alright to come over and check out my little library of books. We set up a time and Tim arrived later that day. When he walked into my house I gave Tim a good look over. I could see he had worked out with weights, but wasn't really a bodybuilder as such. I led him back to my bedroom were I kept my stacks of books. The ones he was interested in were on the bottom shelf. I knelt down and pulled them out. Turning around to hand them to Tim, I was looking directly at his crotch.

I could see a nice bulge where his cock was. Tim was looking not at the books, but at my face. I stood up and our bodies were just inches from each other. I was breathing somewhat rapidly. I guess I was getting a bit excited. I could smell Tim's man scent and was getting turned on by it. I also saw the same expression on Tim's face. We both could feel the body heat. I came closer and opened my mouth and kiss Tim's mouth. 

Our tongues met and he pulled me into his body. It happened just that quickly. I could feel his cock bulge pushing into me. I was rapidly getting turned on. Our hands were running across each of our bodies. I wanted this man really bad. I began to undo his belt and pull his pants down to the ground. Tim's cock sprung loose. He was average length but was very thick. The head on his cock was huge. I got down on my knees and took his shaft in my hand.

I brought his prick to my lips and inhaled him. I sort of went crazy sucking up and down that beautiful cock of his. My mouth was making loud slurping noises as Tim's was running his fingers through my hair. I went down all the way to the root. I wanted every hard inch of him deep down my throat. Tim didn't manage to hold out very long. After a few minutes of intense sucking he pushed hard into me and then unloaded.

His warm cum spurted down my throat into my belly. I just gobbled him down and kept drinking. After a few large shots of his seed, Tim pulled out with a plopping noise. I reached for his rod and licked that last few strands of his manseed off the tip of his cock. I think we both needed a few minutes to recover from that intense experience.

I led him over to my bed and pulled off his shirt. His body was so hot. The muscles were bulging. As Tim sat on the bed, I stripped out of my clothes. I am sort of thin but my cock was somewhat longer than Tim's. I stood there stroking it in front of Tim's face. His eyes were following every hand movement and I could see him breathing harder. I had Tim stand up and then get on all fours on top of the bed.

"I have never done this before," Tim told me.

"Don't worry, I will make it good for you, this first time," I told him.

I reach over and found some lube on my stand. I cover my middle finger with it and then slid my middle digit into Tim's ass. He nearly jumped off the bed. I went slow and worked it in and out of his tight hole. Slowly circling my finger around and around, trying to loosen him up. Tim had his face down and I had him lift his ass to me. His tight hole looked so damn good. I spread a bit of lube onto my cock, which was stiff as a wooden pole. I guided my cock tip to his asshole and then pushed.

Tim screamed out as I began to enter him. I went slow and pushed in then backed out of him. Slowly but surely, more and more of my erection entered into Tim's virgin hole. My hands were firmly on Tim's waist and eventually he started to push back and meet my thrusts. Some minutes later we were getting into it. I began to fuck him hard. The skin from our bodies was slapping together. We were both sweating like mad.

I love to have sex talk when fucking. I told Tim he was my whore now. I was going to pound his manpussy and make it all mine. It didn't take long for Tim to start begging me to fuck him harder. I slammed my cock into him with each fuck stroke. Tim's sacs were hanging down and swinging in the breeze with the strokes I gave him. His ass was so tight. Tim's fuck muscles were squeezing my pecker and I thought I was going to lose it and cum. I tried to hold on for as long as I could.

I told Tim I was going to breed him, impregnate his hole with my man cum. 

"Fuck me, damn it!" Tim was howling to be taken hard. 

I drove into him with a hard piston motion. About then I felt a pinch in my nuts. I wanted to keep fucking but I was so close. A few more long thrusts and I emptied out into Tim's ass. I could not recall cumming that much in such a long time. I just kept firing load after load into his bowels. A few minutes passed and we both fell onto the bed. We were both spent and it took awhile to come around.

Tim told me that was the wildest, most intense sex he ever had. We eventually recovered enough to hold and kiss each other. Tim told me what I already knew. This had been his first time with a man. He had always considered himself straight. Things changed from that day on.

Tim became my lover for a period of time. I introduced him into man sex on a full time basis. Tim also fucked me as we progressed. We had some intense sex for some months afterwards. Tim eventually moved on to a different job in a different city and I didn't make the move with him. We still talk from time to time and Tim tells me he will visit in the future. He misses all that hot fucking we did, but as of right now, we are separated from each other.