 I've written a few stories here about my time spent at adult bookstores. Most of my visits are disappointing, either no one there or just no one I am interested in. When it comes to random hook ups, I am pretty picky. I won't just suck or fuck anybody!

I was driving around running a few errands a few days ago, when realized I had some time to kill. The bookstore I usually go to wasn't too far away, so I figured I would stop by. I always hope to go and suck a nice cock or 2, but usually just go jerk off in a booth and leave. I am not one of those guys who stand around and wait for hours hoping for someone hot to come in. 

I entered the store and headed back to the booths. It's dark back there, so it always takes a few seconds for my eyes to adjust. I walked around for a bit to see who is there. There were 2 guys just standing around that were not my type. There were also a few doors partially open, enough so you can look in. Again, they weren't really my type, so I found an open booth and went in. I also leave the door partially open, just in case. I insert a dollar into the slot and start flipping through the movies. I always wait a few minutes hoping someone I am interested in walks by.

After a few minutes I notice a guy looking into my booth. He slowly pushed open the door to get a better look. He was a little shorter than me (I am 6 feet tall) and a few years older (I am 38) but he looked good. I moved over a bit to allow him to come in. We made a few seconds of small talk before I started to touch the front of his pants. He wasn't hard, but his cock still felt good through his pants. He touched me also while I continued to look for a hot movie. I finally founded a movie with a hung guy and a hot girl. 

After a few minutes of rubbing him, I started to pull down his the zipper to his pants. He helped out and undid his belt and started to pull his pants down. I love the look of a nice cock bulge in underwear, and he had a nice one! I got down on my knees and rubbed his cock through his underwear for a few more seconds before finally pulling them down. He had a nice cock, not huge, but real nice. He also had a great bikini tan line. A little tan line has always been a big turn on for me! I started to stroke his cock for a bit before taking it into my mouth. He smelled and tasted great! I love a big cock (who doesn't) but his cock was the perfect size to take all the way. I was able to take his dick all the way in my mouth down to his pubic hair. I would slowly deep throat him and then switch to sucking him while stroking him with my left hand. I was working my hard on at the same time.

After a few minutes, he backup up and asked to suck me. We switched positions, and he took my cock into his mouth, which felt great. I usually prefer to do the sucking, but he knew what he was doing. His mouth worked up and down on my cock until I felt like was close to cumming, so I pulled back and said I didn't want to cum yet. He asked me to turn around so he could see my ass. I pulled my pants lower, so he could get a good look. He started by rub my ass cheeks while gently letting his fingers go closer to my asshole. He then started to focus more on my hole, which felt great. He rubbed my hole, then licked his finger, and slowly inserted his finger into my ass. It was so hot getting finger fucked while watching the hung guy fuck the hot girl in the movie showing. 

I didn't realize that while fingering me, he stood up and got closer. I then felt his finger leave my ass. He then started rubbing his cockhead around my asshole. It felt amazing, but said I didn't want to do that without a condom. He just kept drying humping me and moving his cock over my hole. He slowly started to push his cock into me, and I felt the head slid in a bit. I didn't pull away, but again said I didn't want to get fucked. He left the tip in my ass and continued to rub me all over, including reaching around to stroke my cock. He again started to push his cock in, and I just couldn't stop! It felt so good! He slowly moved his cock into my ass until he was all the way in. He stayed there for a moment to let me get used to the feeling. He then started to fuck me, slow and deep at first. He then picked up speed fucking me harder and harder as I stroked my cock to the porn movie. I could feel his hot breath on my neck and his balls slap my ass as he fucked me. I could then hear him start to grunt and moan in my ear, so I knew he was close. I started to jerk my cock faster and faster and he began to fuck me even harder. A few more thrusts and he pushed all the way in and shot his load into my ass. I felt his cum shooting into my ass which pushed me over the top and I shot my load. 

He stayed in my ass for a few more seconds before slowly pulling out. I then felt his hot cum starting to drip out of my ass and down my leg. I always bring a paper towel with me to the bookstore, so I was able to clean up as best I could. He still had his pants down, so I got another good look at his sexy tan line. We then slowly dressed and thanked each other before he left the booth. 

I was in awe of what just happened. I never planned to get fucked bareback in a porn booth, but that is exactly what just happened. It was just great, hot sex! I calmed down and left the booth and headed to my car in the lot. As I got in, I heard a knock on my window. It was him. He said if I wanted to meet up again to give him a call. He gave me his name and number on a scrap of paper. 

I went home and took a shower to clean up, but instantly got hard just thinking about what had happed. Thinking of his hot tan line and then the fucking he gave me was all I could take. I soaped up my cock and had another great orgasm!