 I recently submitted a story about my experience at an adult bookstore here in South Jersey. It happened a few weeks ago, and I never really thought anything like it would happen again...boy was I wrong! My first "Bookstore Surprise" story happened a few weeks ago, and the latest just happened yesterday.

It was a usual day. I was out taking care of a few things and was finished earlier than I was expecting. The bookstore was close by, so I figured I would make a quick stop in. I never go into the bookstore expecting much. If you've been to one, you know what I mean. I am 38, good looking and in good shape. I am looking for a certain type of guy when there, preferably around my age or a little older and in good shape. I figured my experience a few weeks ago when I got fucked bareback in a booth to be a onetime thing.

I walked in the bookstore and headed to the back where the movie booths are located. It's dark back there, so it always takes a few seconds for the eyes to adjust. I saw a few guys standing around, but they weren't my type. I walked down the hallway and noticed a few doors left partially open. I looked into one booth and saw a good looking black guy, but he didn't seem too interested in me, so I kept going. I figured I would just go into a booth and just jerkoff and leave.

I went into a booth and put a dollar into the machine and flipped through the movies. They have a selection of straight and gay movies. I usually prefer the straight movies, since I am bi. I also left the door open slightly just in case. A few guys stopped and looked in my booth, but they weren't my type. An older guy stopped and looked for a few seconds before trying to push my door open to come in. Again, he wasn't really my type, so I said "no thanks" and pushed the door closed. My time ran out, so I figured I would take another walk around and then probably just leave.

As I walked down the hallway, I saw the older guy who just tried to get into my booth, go into his own booth and leave the door open. As I passed his booth, I saw him unzip his pants and pull out a big cock. I continued to walk by having not really processed what I just saw. I waited a few seconds, then turned around and walked to his booth once again. I stopped and saw his big cock hanging out of his pants. I looked for a few seconds and he asked me to join him, which I did.

He closed the door behind us right away for privacy. I am always a little nervous at first, and he was a nice guy. He started to unbutton his shirt and I noticed he was in pretty good shape. He was older, probably around 60 or so, but he looked good. I then reached out and took his big cock in my hand. He was probably around 7 inches long and was real thick. I have big hands and could barely get my hand all the way around. I stroked his cock for a few seconds before he decided to pull his pants down. With his pants down, I saw that he also had really big balls, so I hit the jackpot again! I then pulled my shorts down so I could play with my cock while I stroked his. We did this for a few seconds before I slowly went down to my knees. I got a closer look as his big dick as I moved hand up and down. I then slowly took his cock in my mouth. He was big and his cock really filled my mouth. I slowly went up and down on his cock while stroking it with my left hand. I used my right hand to play with my own cock and then to play with his balls. I could tell he liked how it felt because he kept moaning. He then started to slowly fuck my mouth. Because of his size, I couldn't get the whole thing in my mouth. After a few minutes, I got up to give my knees a rest.

We then just stroked each other's cock. He also rubbed his hands all over my body. He then started to play with my balls before slowing reaching underneath to touch my asshole. That felt so good from that angle as I stroked my own cock with one hand and his with the other. After a minute or so of him touching my ass, I turned around to give him better access. I pulled my shorts down lower to give him more room, and for me to be able to bend over a little more. He kept lightly playing with my hole while I kept rubbing my own cock. I then heard him lick his fingers. He went back and starting to slowly push his finger into my hole. He said I was really tight so he went slow. Every few seconds he would pull his finger out to lick again for more lubrication. He started slow, but then built up the pace till had was giving me a good finger fucking. 

He then took his finger out and I heard him spit a bit more, and then felt something bigger near my hole. I was so hot and excited that I needed his big thick cock inside me. He rubbed his head on my asshole a bit before slowly trying to push in. I relaxed and pushed out with my ass to make it as easy as possible. He kept moaning about how tight I was. This went on for a bit with him rubbing my ass and spiting on his cock for more lube. After a few times, he was able to get the head of his dick in my ass. It felt so fucking good! He waited a bit for me to get comfortable before he slowing starting pushing his cock in my ass. It took probably close to a minute for him to get all the way in. I continued to rub my own cock as he started to slowly move in and out of my ass. The sensation of his big cock in my ass was amazing, and I knew I wasn't going to last too long. He started fuck my ass faster and harder as I pumped away at my cock. As I got closer to cumming, I started to clench my ass on his cock. I told him I was close and he said the same. After a few more of his thrusts, my cock erupted stream after stream of hot cum onto the booth wall. As I came, I clenched my ass tighter and he grunted and shot his load deep into my ass. He forced his cock all the way in my ass and unloaded a few more shots of cum.

He kept his cock in my ass for a few more seconds before pulling out. I felt some of his cum drip out of my ass, but not too much. We both breathed deep and laughed a bit about what we just did. His cock softened up, but it was still thick! I had a paper towel in my pocket and used it to clean up ass as much as possible. I then pulled my underwear and shorts up. He dressed as well. We thanked each other, and then I left the booth and headed to my car in the lot. 

I got to my car and couldn't believe what just happened! I just got fucked by an anonymous guy in a porn theater...again!