 I sat there, Tuesday night, with the phone in hand, knowing deep down that there was no way I wasn't going to call him. The experience had left me shaken and confused. I knew I wasn't gay. I knew I wasn't attracted to men. But there was something about him. I couldn't stop thinking about it. The sound of his voice ordering me to do things that I had never thought I would do. The feeling of his cock pressing into the back of my throat. The way his cum filled my mouth with its salty goodness. I had really enjoyed being forced to suck him off. Part of me wanted to do it again, another part told me not to call and pretend it never happened. I was so confused.

I started to dial.

Slowly.

My breathing started to get shorter as my nervousness and excitement increased with each number pressed. By the sixth number my mouth was dry. When I pressed the last number and listened to the ringing I almost slammed the phone down, but before I could do it he answered.

"Yeah? Hello?"

I couldn't speak. My heart was racing.

"Who the fuck is this? I can hear you."

Again I didn't say a word, I couldn't. A second or two later he began to laugh.

"It's you, isn't it, boy?"

Before my mind could react I heard my voice say, "Yes sir."

He laughed more saying "I knew you would do as I told, boy. You just can't get enough if my cock. Isn't that right, boy?"

My mind was out of it now. I couldn't think, I could only answer. "Yes sir."

"Say it, boy."

His demanding and controlling tone made my heart beat faster. "I can't get enough of your cock, sir."

He laughed again. Then that dominating voice, "Good boy. Now, Saturday afternoon you will meet me again. I'll be in room 124 at the Paradise Inn. Do you know where that is, boy?"

I knew exactly where it was, but I didn't want to admit it... "Yes sir, I know where it is."

"That's good, boy. Be there by 3:30, boy, or don't bother showing up at all."

He paused and I didn't say anything.

"You understand me, boy?"

"Yes sir. I understand."

"Good boy."

The line went dead. I sat there, unmoving, scared, nervous, excited, and rock hard.

I put the phone down on the desk, slid my shorts down to my ankles freeing my hard cock, and leaned back in my chair. My right hand wrapped around the base of my cock and started to slowly stroke up and down.

I thought about the humiliation, the way he talked down to me. It excited me to be treated like that. It hit something inside of me that I didn't know was there. I thought about his hands pressing my head down on his huge cock. I imagined having my mouth raped by his black monster again. My hand moved faster, squeezed tighter. I started breathing harder as I knew what was coming. My fantasy moved forward too. I could hear him grunting in my mind, getting close. My cock was throbbing in my hand, I was going to cum.

"Oh, fuck!" I moaned as I my cock exploded in my hand. Sendiing jets of cum all over my chest. I sat catching my breath, looking down at the strands of my hot, sticky seed. I slowly milked my cock, letting any remaining cum drip onto my stomach. Without thinking, my left hand moved up to my chest, one finger extending out and wiping up a long strand of cum. I looked at it as it coated my finger, then reached out and licked my finger clean.

The loud bang of the bedroom door slamming shut scared the hell out of me, her voice mortified me.

"What the fuck?!" 

Shocked, I yanked up my shorts trying to hide what I had just been doing from my girlfriend. Too late. I could tell by the look in her green eyes that she saw everything. I was mortified.

Her short blonde hair framed the anger in her face. She was wearing a spaghetti strap cut off shirt with the University of Miami "U" on it. Her toned arms, crossed just under her firm 32A breasts, with her pink manicured fingernails digging into her tan skin showed her mood. She stood with her hip jutting out to the side, wearing low cut jean shorts that were so tight they should have been painted on. One sandaled foot tapped non stop waiting for an answer.

"Amy... I thought you were out of town visiting UM," I replied as I reached for a shirt to throw over my cum covered chest.

"I just got back, and wanted to see my boyfriend." She was more disgusted than mad, having watched me eat my own cum. "But don't let me stop you. If this is the shit you like, go ahead and finish."

I just lowered my head as I spoke, "Amy, come on... This isn't what I want," I was trying to come up with something other than the truth. The truth that I was fantasizing about a giant, black cock. "I'm just so horny. I get so turned on thinking about you, but I don't want to pressure you into anything so I do this."

"Oh, so it's my fault you jerk off all over yourself? Fuck you!"

"Amy... That's not what I mean."

"Fuck you, you're not gonna get out of this. Lay back and finish."

"But... I already came..."

"Too bad, do it again. I want to see it."

"But Amy, I..."

"Start playing with your dick," she said cutting me off "right now, or forget about EVER having a chance of fucking me."

I couldn't help be to slide my shorts back down. There was no way I was going to pass up having a chance to finally fuck her, no matter what I had to do. I started tugging on my soft cock trying to make it hard again. My eyes lowered to the floor. I couldn't bring myself to look at her.

"That's it, get hard for me," she encouraged.

My dick began to stiffen under my hand. I slowly stroked up and down, my cum making a nice lube. 

"Damn, honey! This is hot! Will you do anything I say?" she giggled.

"Yes," I said, getting extremely turned on from performing in front of her. "Anything."

"Ooh! This is gonna be fun!"

The anger that was there just moments ago had evaporated into... something else. A side of her I had never seen before.

"Lay down on the bed and spread your legs. I want a good view!"

I stood up, cock in hand, and moved to the bed. She walked up to the foot of the bed watching me. I covered my face with my left arm as my right continued to slowly stroke my cock. It was feeling good, I was letting out soft moans. Knowing I was being watched somehow made it feel so much more intense.

"Wow babe, I think you're making me wet," she said as I heard the jeans being unzipped. I turned my head to watch her but the angle I was at wouldn't let me see below her chest. "Oh I bet you want to see, don't you?"

"Fuck yes I do!"

She giggled at my eager response. A moment later she walked around to the side of the bed. My eyes locked on the tiny red g-string she wore. She walked closer, kneeled on the bed, spread her legs wide and sat back on her heels. Her knee was almost touching my head with her panty covered pussy oh so close. I stopped jerking myself and reached over to touch her but she quickly slapped my hand away. 

"Don't fucking touch me!" she yelled. "Keep stroking that dick, and don't stop until you've covered yourself in cum!"

My hand went back down to my side as I renewed the stroking, eyes locked on the small patch of fabric.

Her hand slowly moved down her body. Her pink fingertips slid under the red fabric. Letting out a long, low moan her fingers slowly moved back and forth on her clit. 

"Oh my god, this is turning me on so fucking bad!" she moaned.

With her free hand she pulled the fabric to the side revealing the perfectly shaved, glistening wet object of my desire. Slowly, two of her fingers started to slip inside her full lips. Her hips began to grind into her hands. One hand slowly moving in and out, shining with her juices; one hand working her clit in small circles.

All of this was driving me out of my mind. I had never seen her touch herself before and I loved watching. My hand, wrapped tightly around my cock, slowed and began moving in sync with her fingers. Eyes glued to her hands and that delicious pussy.

Amy's moans began to get louder, her hands moving faster. "Oh fuck, I'm so close!" she screamed. Then suddenly she stopped and looked down at me. "I have an idea!" she shouted.

In one quick motion she jumped up, swung her leg over me and straddled my head. Her dripping pussy just inches from my mouth.

"You are gonna eat me while I watch you make yourself cum," she demanded.

Almost in shock from her command, and never having licked her before, it took only an instant before I pressed my face into her, licking her from front to back before shoving my tongue inside her. Her moans increased as she began to grind into my face. Her hot juices tasted amazing. I felt like I was in heaven, except for my hand pumping my cock. I could feel her fingers on my chin violently rubbed her clit, my tongue still fucking her.

"Oh my god, you're gonna make me cum! I'm so fucking close!"

Her body began to shake as she let out a long deep moan. "I'm cumming!" she screamed as her pussy began to pulse. She ground down onto my face even harder bending over to shove my face deeper. "Fuck yes!"

The second I felt her pussy flow I couldn't hold back. My cock throbbed as it released stream after stream of hot cum. 

"God damn it!" she yelled. "You came all over me!"

She jumped up and spun around showing me her stomach and breasts covered in thick lines of my cum. Standing at the foot of the bed I could see the look of complete disgust in her green eyes. "I saw how much you liked it before, come here and clean up this mess."

Slowly I turned and crawled to her, eyes fixed on the lines of cum on her flat, tanned stomach. As I got close she reached out, grabbed my head and led my face to the first bit of cum.

"Yeah, lick it." she giggled as my tongue made contact with her golden skin. "Clean up your mess you little bitch!"

My tongue traced the line of cum, making sure to get it all. I followed it from her stomach up onto her perky tits. She giggled and laughed each time my tongue touched her. I slowly, with her directing my head, cleaned her body of my sticky seed.

"I can't believe you just did that!" she giggled as she climbed of the bed and began dressing. "You are one sick fuck!"

"Amy..."

"Get dressed, dinner is ready."

With that she spun around and left, closing the door behind her. I was left alone, with the taste of my own cum in my mouth. I slowly got dressed as I thought about what had just happened. I was just dominated by my girlfriend. The thought turned me on and humiliated me at the same time. In less than a week I had gone from typical jock to a submissive bitch boy. 

And I loved it.

---------

Saturday morning I woke up excited. I knew there was no way I wasn't going to be at that hotel at 3:30. Just thinking about it and what might happen made me hard. The morning flew by and before I knew it it was 2:45, time to go.

I had decided to wear a pair of gym shorts and a t-shirt. Under that I decided to put on a pair of briefs, although I usually wore boxers. In the drive to the hotel my mind kept switching between Tuesday night with Amy and last weekend with "him." By the time I arrived at the hotel I was rock hard.

I walked down the sidewalk looking for the correct room number. I found it on the side of the hotel, it's door facing the parking lot. The door was slightly open. I knocked as I entered. The room was a standard hotel room with two full size beds, one table, two chairs, a dresser and a TV. I looked around the empty room and found a note on the bed. 

"Boy, I knew you would show up. I have a few things you need to take care of before I arrive.

First you will shave that bush. A boy should not have that much of a bush. There is a razor and shave gel in the bathroom. Make sure you get your ass too. I don't want to find a single hair, boy."

Once that job is complete we need to work on that virgin boy-pussy of yours, boy. You were so tight on my finger I thought you might be grateful for having your boy-pussy stretched before I split it open with my cock. There is a nice plug waiting for you in the bathroom, before I arrive you will have it in place.

When you are done with this you will open the door wide and kneel in the middle of the room, naked."

My heart was racing. I couldn't believe how excited his note made me. I quickly stripped, throwing my clothes into a drawer in the dresser and hurried into the bathroom. I picked up the shave gel and the razor, sat down on the toilet and got to work.

Sitting with my legs spread wide I lathered up the hair above my cock, rubbing it in nice and thick. I turned on the faucet in the bathtub to rinse the razor. I took the razor and slowly dragged it down my skin. My hair was so thick I had to go over the same spot several times. Once I got that area perfectly smooth I moved down to my balls. I was so nervous about cutting myself I slowed down and took my time doing this. Eventually, after holding my cock this way an that, I was able to do a decent job getting the hair off. Not sure how to do my ass I sat there for a moment before it dawned on me to squat down and spread wide. I lathered up my entire ass, cheeks and all then I reached down with both hands and slowly shaved by feel until my entire ass was smooth. I used a towel to clean off any gel that might still be on my body. I stood looking at my freshly shaved package, noticing the precum beginning to drip from my cock. I thought about sitting down and jerking off, but I quickly remembered where I was and who I was doing all of this for. 

I grabbed the butt plug from the counter. Holding it in my hands, I guessed that it was about four inches long and maybe two inches in diameter. Much longer and thicker than a finger. It excited me to think I was about to violate my own ass for a man I didn't even know. I looked around for lube of some kind but didn't see any. I briefly thought about using some of the shave gel, but decided that wasn't a good idea. I licked my lips and remembered that in some porn movies I had seen the girls sometimes used spit to lube up. I figured it was worth a try.

I leaned over and started to spit in my hand then rubbed the spit all over the tip of the plug. I wasn't sure if this was going to do the job so I began licking the plug to spread the spit aroun better. When I thought I had enough I put the plug down on the toilet lid and positioned my ass above it. I slowly lowered my body onto the plug. I could feel the plug start to enter me. I continued to lower myself onto it, feeling my virgin ass stretch and I moved down. Pushing down harder, I finally felt the plug slide in, my ass tightening around the base of the plug, holding it in. I had never felt anything like it. There was a little pain, but the fullness drove me wild. My cock throbbed, begging to be touched. It took all I could do to ignore it.

I walked, slowly, out to the main room and opened the door wide. Using the doorstop I propped the door completely open. I turned around and made my way to the center of the room, facing the door and kneeled.

At this point I was too turned on to even think about anything else. I heard voices outside, but never saw anyone. Minutes passed, I looked over at the clock between the two beds and saw that it was almost 4:30. It had taken me an hour to shave and get the plug in. My hand went to the base of my cock and rubbed the newly smooth skin. The next time I looked at the clock it was almost 5. I thought maybe he wasn't coming. I decided to give it ten more minutes before I left. 

Just before 5:08 I heard his voice coming from the door. "Well well, boy. It looks like you can follow directions." he laughed as he walked in.

He was wearing the same gym shorts and basketball jersey he had worn the week before. My eyes were immediately drawn to the bulge in his shorts. I licked my lips thinking about that magnificent cock.

He shut the door behind him and slowly walked around me. "Bend over, boy." he commanded. "Let me see that plug in your pussy."

I leaned over, face on the ground, and stuck my ass up in the air. He reached down and gave the plug a little tug. I let out a low moan as he played with the plug. He pulled and pushed it, never removing it.

"Looks like you did a good job shaving too, boy."

"Thank you, sir. I'm glad you like it," I whispered.

"Back up on you knees, boy," he said as he sat on the bed next to me. "And turn to face me."

I sat up and turned to see him on the edge of the bed, just inches from me. He laughed at the way I was looking at the outline of his cock through is shorts.

"See something you like, boy?"

I simply nodded in response. 

"Tell me, boy, what do you want?"

I licked my lips and replied, "Your cock, sir."

He laughed again. "And what do you want to do with my cock, boy?"

I looked up at him, with what must have been pure lust, and said, "I want to have my face fucked by your cock, sir."

At that he laughed again, hard. "Lets see if you can earn that, boy." He stood up, his crotch less than an inch away from my face. "Take my shorts off, boy."

I reached up and before I could pull his shorts down he slapped my hands away. "No hands, boy!"

I lowered my hands and leaned forward taking his shorts in my mouth. The heat from his cock made me moan again. I pulled down with my head and felt the shorts slide. A few more times and his shorts were on the ground. I sat back and felt his hot, hard cock against my cheek. It felt a little wet and smelled differently than I remembered. 

He must have seen the quizzical look on my face because he laughed and said, "Oh yeah, I forgot to clean my cock off when I finished fucking that whore next door. Good thing you're here to take care of that, boy."

My stomach turned knowing he wanted to clean some woman's cum off of his cock. A quick slap to the side of my face changed my mind. 

"Clean my cock, boy!" he demanded.

I opened my mouth and licked the side of his shaft. It actually tasted good to me so I greedily sucked and licked his glistening cock. 

"Don't forget my balls, boy. I'm sure her cum got down there too." he laughed.

I lowered my head and gently licked his sack. His cock resting on my face. I sucked in one ball then the other. I bathed his balls with my tongue. 

"Just to be safe, boy, you might as well clean my ass too," he laughed as he turned around and leaned over a little.

I licked from the base of his balls and over his hole. I could not believe I was actually licking a man's ass. I felt so degraded and so turned on! The way he could simply tell me to do something and I do it confused me. I still didn't know why I was giving in so completely. 

"That's good, boy." he said as he stood up and moved away. "Stand up and bend over, boy. I want to see how your pussy is doing."

I stood up and bent over the foot of the bed, resting my elbows on the bed. He kicked my feet out wide, leaving me exposed to his will. I could feel his hand on the plug as he began to slowly turn it. I started to moan.

"You like something filling your pussy, don't you, boy?"

"Yes." I moaned.

"Yes, what, boy?"

"Yes sir, I like something filling my pussy." I breathed in response.

He just laughed. I felt his hand grip the plug and pull. He pulled slowly and gently, stretching my ass. I started to lean back to lessen the pressure but was quickly put back in place with a hard smack to my left cheek. The feeling that was building was so intense I wasn't sure I could take it. 

"Sir, it hurts so much! Please stop!" I cried.

He leaned over me so his mouth was close to my ear. His hand wrapped around my throat, squeezing. "Shut the fuck up, boy. Your pussy is mine. Your body is mine. You understand me, boy?"

Unable to breathe, all I could do is nod in response.

"Say it, boy," he hissed. He let up on my throat just enough so I could gasp out the words.

"My ass..." 

SMACK! His free hand came down hard on my ass, leaving a sharp sting. "Your pussy, boy, not ass." he chided.
