 Another boring Sunday afternoon, sat at home trying to watch something on the cable network TV channels to pass away the quietness and serious lack of action that was this day.

I decided I was going to go out and this my local but not so well known Public Toilet that had gotten me some action in the recent months all though mainly quick brief encounters they were usually quite hot and sexy.

I pulled my car in to the car park so I could get a good view of anyone leaving or entering this cottage of sex with complete strangers. I had waited about 20 minutes when I saw a car pull up and park about twenty yards from me. Two men both in the mid thirties got out of the car, one was tall and thin the other was slightly shorter but a lot more thick set. They both crossed the car park and as they approached the toilet door they looked in my direction. I watched them enter the toilet door then I felt that feeling in my stomach and in my pants, that feeling of longing, anticipation, yearning, wanting.

I got out of my car and walked the short distance to the toilet, I entered the first door then in through the second door, as soon as I entered I saw the tall thin guy stood at the aluminium urinal with his back to the cubicles, he shot me a glance from over his right shoulder, I nodded to him as our eyes made contact, he returned my nod with a smile.

I joined him at the urinal although I was stood a few feet away from him, I unzipped my now semi hard cock and let the cool air of the toilet wash over it. I gave it a couple of shakes just to see if I would get a reaction from the stranger stood to my right. I was looking slightly to my right side but trying to look as if I was looking in front of me but allowing myself an easy glimpse of the stranger if I wanted to. I heard him shuffle a little then I saw him shoot me a glance looking me over. I looked round at him and our eyes met again, I could see him plainly and openly stroking his cock, his fingers running slowly over the top half of his erect cock. I stood there with my eyes drinking over him looking from his head to his cock and fixing my gaze on his fingers and his cock. He turned and let me get a better view of his cock.

I turned so I was now directly facing him, I spat in to my hand and started to work the saliva over the length of my own now quickly stiffening cock, after a few seconds my cock was now at it's full 7 inches and although I know I don't have the longest of cocks I do have a good thickness to it that has always gotten me good compliments.

The stranger had a look in his eyes that shone pure lust, he stepped forward to cover the short distance between us and bent himself down and licked the head of my cock, causing it to twitch as it ached his attention. I removed my hand and let him replace it with his own as he slipped his lips over the length of my cock. I shot a glance at the cubicle doors to see where the other guy was he had arrived with, but all I could see were cubicle doors, two of the three cubicle doors had holes in them so people could sit in relative security but could watch any action that may be occurring or so they could act upon an opportunity that presented itself to them.

I stood there with my hand on the back of his head as this amazing cock sucker worked a number on my thick hard cock I could hear his muffled moans of lust and appreciation as his mouth worked up and down my shaft as I pressed on the back of his head thrusting my cock deep in to him feeling it go down his throat.

Mmmmmmm, fuck yeahhhhhhh, suck my hard cock. I whispered quietly

He made a slurping, muffled noise, as I fucked his soft wet gorgeous mouth.

I felt my imminent orgasm building in me like a roller coaster of cum just waiting to explode out of the tunnel and into his fair ground of an amusement ride that was his mouth.

Ahhhhhhhhh I'm going to fucking cum, I said quietly.

The stranger wrapped his arms around my arse and pulled me deep in to his mouth just as I exploded my hot cum deep into his mouth.

Ah ah ahhhhhhhhhhhhh, fuckkk fuckkkkkkk, was all I could muster as my seed coated the back of his throat and the inside of his mouth, my legs were trembling and my knees were buckling. 

The stranger that had just completely and expertly done a number on my hard hot cock was now gazing up at me as he cleaned up the rest of my cum from my cock with a look in his eyes that said that he had loved every minute of that and was satisfied with the job he had just done.

WOW, that was really really hot .......... It was the guy he had entered the toilet with earlier and he was now stood there with the cubicle door open with a semi hard cock and a big puddle of cum on the floor by his feet.

I stood there frozen not really sure what to do or to say, I knew he had been there but I wasn't expecting him to come out and say that, I thought he had just been watching the two of us putting up a show for him.

He walked out of the cubicle door and said to me ... so do you like the way my slut sucks cock?

Fuck yeah, he's one of the best cock suckers I've ever had, I replied.

He told the tall stranger to come over to him and to clean up his cock for him.

Without a seconds hesitation he dutifully walked over to him got down on his knees and licked and sucked his cock clean for him. Whilst he was having his cock sucked he said to me.... Well we're going to be leaving here in a few seconds but if you want more of what you've just had you're welcome to follow us home, we only live a few minutes away, believe me if you take up my offer you will not be disappointed, my slut here will do anything to please us.

He pulled his cock out of the slut's mouth then slapped him on the cheeks with it, tucked it back in his jeans.

He then said to me .... We'll wait outside for a few minutes, if you want to take us up on our offer just give us a thumbs up as a signal and then follow us in your car.

I smiled at his offer and said ok.

As they both left the toilet I stood there contemplating what had just happened and this offer of even more action in a safer more discreet location. I tucked my cock in my jeans and decided what the hell I had wanted some action and here was an invitation given to me on a plate. And besides that, both men were attractive in there own individual ways which certainly helped me make up my mind.

I left the toilet and quickly scanned the car park, there was still only our two cars sat there, I could see both of them sat in there car, I nodded to them both and gave them a thumbs up. They gave me a thumbs up back and then I heard there engine start. 

I reached my car opened the door and started the engine, I followed them out fo the car park and we turned left, we had only been driving for around a couple of minutes when they turned in to a Council Estate and in no time they were stopping outside what I presumed was there house. I pulled my car up behind there's as they were exiting there car. I stopped my car and got out, they said hello and we all walked down there garden path and then in to there house.

We walked in to the living room and they said to me..... Please take a seat. I sat on the settee; the thicker set of the two introduced himself .... My name is Phil and my friend here is Geoff.

Hi Phil and Geoff, I said.

My names Steve. I replied.

Well Steve, it has certainly been a pleasure to meet you, can we get you anything? Phil said.

I'd like a cold drink if that's ok, my mouths a little dry, I said.

Phil motioned to Geoff to fetch me a cold drink, Geoff dutifully walked out of the Living Room and then soon returned with a nice cold can of Coke.

I thanked him and quickly took a drink of the coke; my hand was trembling slightly with nervousness a little and with anticipation as it dawned on me I was in a house with two complete strangers on a promise of fantastic sex.

Phil watched me as I drank the Coke, well now we're all here why don't we all go upstairs and get down to some serious sex. He said.

I nearly spat my coke out all over the place at his direct bluntness ... I looked at Phil and then at Geoff neither of them batting an eyelid. Ok, sounds like a good idea to me, I said.

I followed them both up the stairs and in to the Bedroom, the bedroom was immaculately clean, the double wrought iron bed that was in the centre of the room had Black Silk sheets on it and dangling from the wrought iron head stead were two sets of handcuffs. Either side of the bed were two black metal bedside tables that were curtained off with black silk, there was a lamp on each one of the tables. The window of the bedroom had white vertical blinds with Black Curtains draped either side that were attached to an iron curtain rail that had fleur de leafs at each end.

I had just finished off taking in my surroundings when Phil walked over to me and leaned in to me our lips touching for the first time; we were both around the same size and shape. We started to kiss slowly at first with small pecks of the lips then we started to kiss with more passion and determination, our hands were rubbing each others necks and arms as I stood with my back against the wall with Phil pressing in to me. Our tongues met and danced together while we were grinding our bodies up against each other. 

My own nervousness had swiftly left me with a want of lust and desire; I melted in to Phil as we both became one kissing each others lips, and necks and ears.

God I really wanted these two men, my carnal desires really wanted to take both of these men and fuck them till my cock ached I wanted to see them sucking and fucking each other I wanted to suck and fuck both of them and have them do the same to me.

We broke our kiss after what must have been a good five minutes or so to see Geoff lying on the bed totally naked with his cock of around 6 inches standing to attention as he worked one of his fingers in and out of his arsehole.

That was enough for me, I quickly started to undress Phil and then I let him undress me, we both lay on the bed either side of Geoff and started to suck on his nipples, Geoff was finger fucking his arse and letting out loans of pleasure as we sucked on his nipples and let our hands roam other his smooth shaven naked body.

Phil was the first to move, he started kissing his way down Geoff's body until he was positioned between Geoff's legs, he lifted up Geoff's legs, Geoff pulled his finger out of his arse and lifted it to his mouth and licked it and sucked it. Phil placed his face in between Geoff's arse cheeks and I heard him spit, Then he was there licking Geoff's arsehole running his face and mouth up and down over his lovers hole.

I was envisioning him let the point of his tongue run up and over Geoff's arsehole and then darting it in and out as he fucked his hole with the tongue that had been kissing me and licking my neck and ears earlier.

I was still kissing Geoff's body but I was now also slowly stroking his cock, Geoff was lay there on the bed, his body wriggling and writhing under the sheer attention that the two of us were paying to his body, his breathing was calm but heavy and his facial expressions gave away the total sheer ecstasy and bliss that was washing throughout his entire body and mind.

As Phil continued to work his tongue in and out and over Geoff's arsehole, I continued to suck on his nipples and wank his cock, I really wanted to see him cum, I wanted to see it explode over the three of us.

I didn't have to wait long, the attention that Phil had been paying to Geoff's sensitive hole had really gotten Geoff extremely horny and hot and the constant wanking I was giving him sent hi totally over the edge.

Geoff started to thrust and buck his entire body violently as he shouted out I'MMMMMMMM CUMMINGGGGGGGGG OH GODDDDDD I'M CUMMINGGGGG. 

The first shot of cum to explode from his cock shot right up on to his chest and hit me on the side of my face, the next shot pumped on to his stomach and then the next few shots coated his entire cock and my hand that was still wrapped around his cock and still gently massaging all the cum out of him.

Phil looked up from were he had been licking Geoff's arsehole, smiled at his friend and said, Wow you really enjoyed yourself then didn't you.

Geoff still trying to recover from the explosive orgasm he had just had, simply smiled at his friend and me and said ..... Oh fuck did I enjoy that, now I want both of your cocks in me so that I can have another orgasm.

I lifted my cum soaked hand off of Geoff's cock and wiped the cum in between his arse cheeks coating his already saliva soaked arse in his own juices. Phil then positioned himself at the end of the bed and pulled Geoff's body down so his arse was over hanging the end of the bed slightly he then took his rock hard cock which I would guess to be around 8 inches long but not as thick as my own and then I watched as he started to push it in to Geoff's hole. Geoff's body was now completely relaxed as he wanted nothing but to have Phil's big cock in his arse, Phil eased his way into Geoff's arsehole and started to slowly fuck his partner. 

I knelt over Geoff's face and lowered my balls down to his mouth, Geoff's tongue came out and started to lick my balls, he then sucked my balls in to his mouth one at a time his tongue licking my balls while his lips massaged them. I moved my position so that I could push my cock in to his mouth; he engulfed it like it was his first meal of the day, even though we know it was at least his second. To make it easier for him to suck on my cock I started to slowly fuck his hot wet mouth. 

After a minute or two Phil said that he wanted to change position. I pulled my cock from Geoff's mouth.

Fine by me, I said.

Phil positioned Geoff so that he was now lying on his side and then pushed his cock back in to that lovely wet arsehole. I was now stood at the side of the bed Phil was facing me with a look of tremendous pleasure all over his face. He reached forward grabbed hold of my cock and pulled it to his mouth, his lips opened and in slid my cock, all of it was now disappearing deep into his mouth and down into his throat, I could hear him slurping and sucking I looked to my left and I could clearly see Phil fucking Geoff, he had Geoff's leg in the air and was ploughing his long cock in and out of him with a determination that only lust can drive.

The deep throating that Geoff was giving me was driving over the edge and it wasn't long before I was shooting another load of my hot cum into his mouth.

Geoff lay there on his side sucking and drinking my cock dry of it's hot creamy rewards and he was loving it, I was stood there transfixed at how this guy could suck my cock so incredibly expertly, no one had ever sucked my cock that well, I mean I have had some very good blow jobs, but this well this was something different, special even.

I pulled my softening cock from Geoff's mouth and stood at the end of the bed so that I could watch Phil who was still fucking Geoff's arsehole, I could clearly see the length of his cock pull all the way out of Geoff then slowly he would push it back in all the way up to the hilt, Geoff was begging him for more, gripping the sheets with his hands.

Phil pulled out of Geoff's arsehole then turned Geoff over so that he could fuck him doggy style, Geoff was now on his hands and knees, Phil pushed his cock all the way in to Geoff again and started to fuck him fast and hard, in, out, in, out he trusted then a look came over Phil's face that said to me he was soon going to be Cumming deep in to Geoff's wet stretched arsehole.

Phil thrust his cock deep in to Geoff just as his cock exploded his cum into him, Geoff had gripped hold on the bed sheets and he had arched his neck so that he was like a wolf howling at the moon, Phil was now lying across Geoff's back. 

Slowly Phil started to withdraw his cock from Geoff's arsehole; it plopped at and hung down by Phil's legs.

I couldn't help myself I knelt down in front of Phil and sucked his cock clean for him; the sensitivity of his cock must have been too much for Phil because after several seconds he begged me to stop. I let him take his cock from my mouth. It was then I noticed the first small trickle of cum oozing from Geoff's arsehole, I quickly buried my face between Geoff's arse cheeks and started to suck Phil's cum from Geoff's arsehole. This sent Geoff completely over the edge and he came all over the bed. I cleaned up Geoff's arsehole for him and then stood up licking my lips.

Phil then leaned into me and we started to kiss, long, hard, passionately we kissed, I let him lick the last few traces of his and Geoff's juices from my mouth.

After such a fuck fest we all decided to rest for a while lying on the bed in a 3 an huddle, we must have all fell asleep for when I awoke both Geoff and Phil were completely dressed and sat in the room.

Hello sleepy head, said Phil.

Wow, how long have I been asleep? I said.

A couple of hours, said Phil.

Phil suggested that I take a shower and freshen myself up, I took him up on the offer.

I stood in the shower washing all the cum and sweat from off of me, when I had finished I then walked back in to the bedroom and found my clothes neatly folded up on the freshly made bed.

I got dressed and headed downstairs where I found Phil and Geoff sat in the living room, I smiled at them both and then said, thank you for a magnificent time but I really have to be going.

Thank you, said Phil and Geoff we had an excellent time and would love to do it again sometime soon.

Phil handed me a piece of paper with his telephone number on and said call us when you want some more and then he leaned in and kissed me. After the short kiss, I wrote my number down for them and said my goodbye's.

The short drive home was one of WOW and FUCK and WOW. When I got home I quickly entered there number in to my house phone and my mobile phone as I just knew it wouldn't be long before I was fucking them two again really soon, MMMMMMMM.