 As I dropped back to my knees and looked up at Mr. Jarvis expectantly, his fingers worked rapidly to undo his belt. 

"That's a good boy, Joey. I think I'm gonna be able to give you at least three doses of medicine today. Taking it straight from the source, you should be feeling better in no time." Once he had his belt undone, he stopped and came around the desk until he was standing right in front of me. "I want to get nice and comfortable this time. Undo my shoes for me." I reached forward and as I undid the laces on his shoes, I saw him pull the tails of his shirt out from the waistband of his pants and start to undo the buttons down the front. He lifted up his foot and I slipped off one shoe and set it aside, then looked up at him.

"Should I take your socks off too, sir?"

"No, they're not gonna get in the way." I slipped off his other shoe and then he peeled off his shirt and threw it over the back of his desk chair. I looked up at his thick barrel chest and could see black curly hair over a portion of the centre of it with a narrowing trail leading down his stomach towards his crotch. Like I said earlier, he was a solid husky man and he had a little bit of a spare tire around his midsection. It wasn't gross; he was just big and solid. 

"Now take my pants and underwear off, Joey. I want you to get used to doing that," he said as he stepped right in front of my kneeling position. With his belt already open, I reached beneath it and opened the button at the waistband of his pants. I then slid the little metal hook out of the clasp that held it and then reached for his zipper. 

"Just take that zipper down nice and slow now, son." When he called me "son", I felt my heart swell with happiness and it brought a warm smile to my face as I reached beneath the cover of his fly and grasped the metal tab at the top of his zipper. I looked up at him smiling down at me as I took my hand and drew the tab down ever so slowly. The raspy sound of the metallic zipper being dragged down seemed to fill the room as a teasing reminder of what was to come. When I reached the bottom of his fly, I stopped and looked up at him questioningly.

"That's good, Joey; now take my pants off."

"Yes sir," I said compliantly as I reached up and took hold of his pants on each side of his waist. I pulled downwards and started to shimmy them from side to side over his hips. As they cleared his hips, they slid down easily to the floor. I looked in awe at his loose fitting boxers. His big cock lying beneath was causing the front of his underwear to tent out invitingly towards me. I could see it bobbing up and down inside the confining material. I couldn't help but stare as I looked at the waking monster I knew was lurking beneath the shielding fabric. I felt him lift his foot and it snapped me out of my trance as I reached down and pulled his pants off each foot. I set them on the chair behind me and turned back to look at his imposing crotch, the tented material mere inches from my face. 

"Now my underwear." I reached up again and this time hooked my hands over the elastic waistband of his boxers. I pulled them down and watched intently as the dark swirling curls of his pubic hair came into view. His underwear kind of got held up as the waistband hit the top of his projecting cock and I had to pull harder. My eyes were glued to that thick shaft as more and more of the impressive length came into view. As I eased it down the gnarled white shaft, the waistband got caught up again as I tried to slip it over the protruding rope-like corona. I slid my hands forward and eased the tight elastic over the ridge and slid it right off over the broad flared crown. 

"Aaaaaah," I said with a sharp intake of breath as the big mushroom head bobbed free of the confining fabric and almost hit me in the face. I quickly drew his underwear right down and off his feet and tossed it with his pants behind me. I turned and looked at that beautiful thick cock bobbing menacingly before me. It was about half hard and projected almost straight out from his body. I looked beyond it to his big sperm-filled balls hanging between his thick tree-trunk legs. They looked heavy and swollen as they hung majestically in his smooth silky bag. I looked back up to his pulsing manhood and watched it bob teasingly up and down before me with each breath that he took. I knew that soon it would be much bigger than the already impressive size that I was looking at right now. My eyes were glued to that big piece of man-meat like it was the most beautiful thing on earth.

"Do you like that, Joey?" he asked as he reached into the drawer and pulled out his big jar of Vaseline. He popped off the top and reached into it to scoop up another generous gob of the slippery gel.

"Oh yes sir. It.......it's beautiful!" I said and felt myself turning red in embarrassment again. I instinctively dropped my eyes to the floor in shame.

"Now now, Joey," he said to me in a comforting voice, "there's no need to be embarrassed. I'm really glad you feel that way about my cock. Lift your head up, son." Once again, as he called me "son", I felt a strange wave of comfort and security roll over me. After what he'd just said, I was more at ease as I realized Mr. Jarvis didn't think badly of me for saying what I had about his cock. I lifted my head up tentatively and looked up at him. He was looking down at me kneeling before him with a soft gentle smile on his face. 

"Feel free to take a good look, Joey," he said as he reached forward with his Vaseline-covered hand and wrapped it around his heavy member. "Yeah, I think you and my cock are gonna be best friends from now on." His hand closed around his pulsing dick in a slick warm corridor as he started to slowly move his hand back and forth. I saw his cock start to fill and extend as he pumped more blood into the thickening shaft. With his swelling manhood just inches from my face, I felt hypnotized and my eyes never left his pumping hand or glistening member. 

"That was a shame that we missed your mouth with a few of those shots last time." He paused for a second and I could see from the look on his face that having missed getting a few shots of his potent semen into my mouth seemed to be troubling him. "I wonder if there's anything we could do about that?" he said with a puzzled tone. 

"I...I think there's something we could try," I said as I looked up at him towering over me. "While you're doing that with your hand, while don't you try putting the tip of it right in my mouth. If I can kind of seal my lips around it like I did to get that last drop, I think it might work." I knew by the slow smile spreading across his face that Mr. Jarvis was happy with my suggestion.

"Well, Joey, you just might have something there. Yeah, I think that we should give that a try." I was all aglow under his words of praise. As he kept sliding his hand back and forth along his growing cock, he stepped closer to me. Still kneeling before him in my t-shirt, jeans and running shoes, I tilted my head up slightly and opened my mouth. 

"Yeah, this just might do the job," he said as he touched the head of his swelling member against my lips. As I felt the warm slick surface touch my pouting lips, I pursed my mouth and latched onto the tip. I loved the feel of the spongy membranes of his wide flared cockhead against my lips. They felt so warm and velvety soft against the entrance to my mouth, even as his whole cock continued to get harder and harder. The contrast of the silky soft texture of the surface combined with the rock-hard stiffness lying beneath sent a chill of anticipation running down my spine.

"That's good, Joey," he said as I tried to keep the moving head of his cock between my lips. In order to keep my parted lips adhered to the tip, I realized I'd better apply a little suction. I pressed my full lips firmly against the spongy surface of his cockhead and sucked in slightly to make sure there were no air gaps.

"Oh yeah, you know just what to do," he said as his big slick hand continued to slide back and forth. I was thrilled by his words of praise and as I nursed softly at the very tip, I felt a little gob of silky fluid ooze forth onto my tongue. As soon as it touched my tongue, I used the tip of my tongue to follow it back to its source at the gaping red eye of his piss-slit. I deftly feathered my tongue right into the narrow opening in search of more.

"Oh fuck, yeah," I heard him say with a low growl, "you want that medicine bad, don't you, son?" With my lips continuing to nurse softly at the oozing tip, I looked up at him with woeful eyes and nodded.

"Mmmmmhhhmmm," I hummed in agreement as I never took my mouth away from his cock. His cock was now totally hard and he was taking long firm strokes all the way from the base to the tip. When he neared the end, the circle made by his thumb and forefinger would bump softly against my lips. Soon the area all around my mouth was shining with the slippery gel of the greasy lubricant. 

"Oh yeah, this is gonna be a big load of medicine this time, Joey," he said as he started to pump his hand faster back and forth along his rigid erection. As he started to jack his cock more vigorously, his jerking hand pulled his cock out of my mouth. I immediately followed the moving end with my open mouth until I had it safely between my lips. This happened a second, and then a third time and I became anxious that we might lose some of his potent seed when he was ready to shoot. 

"Oooohh," I groaned almost in anguish as his pumping hand pulled the engorged tip right out of my mouth once more. Sensing my concern, Mr. Jarvis slowed his hand slightly and looked down at me. 

"Hhhmmm, looks like we're having a little trouble," he said as he continued to slide his hand back and forth while he held the oozing cockhead right over my upturned face. "I wonder if there's something else that might work?"

"Maybe I could try putting my mouth a little further down?" I said as I looked up at him, nervous that he might take his beautiful cock away from me. "I think if I can get my lips down past that ridge, it would kind of be locked inside my mouth. Then I wouldn't lose any of my medicine."

"Well, that's a great idea! I'm proud of you, son," he said as he stepped closer to me once more. His kind words sent a warm feeling throughout my body. I felt so good that he was happy with me. "I'll just hold it still for you while you slide your lips over the head." He put his hand around the base of his cock to steady it and I loved to see the full length of that erect monster pointing towards me. It was so much bigger than my own little cock that I just loved to look at it. It was so long and thick and hard. His whole manly body looked so big and powerful as he loomed over with his engorged virile manhood poised menacingly right over my face. It reminded me of a stallion in heat I'd once seen at a horse farm. His gorgeous cock seemed to pulse and bob slightly with each of his heartbeats. It was a thing of beauty and I was absolutely thrilled that he was going to allow me to feed from it. 

"That's the way, Joey," he said as I pursed my lips into an inviting "O" and pressed them against the tip. I leaned forward and kept my lips adhered to the hot spongy surface but let them stretch further open as they slid down over the broad flared head. My mouth opened further and further to accommodate the engorged tip and then I felt the hard round tube of the thick rope-like ridge beneath my lips. I pressed forward just a little more and them felt the wonderful sensation of my lips slipping right over the widest part and then down onto the rigid shaft just below his pronounced corona. 

"Mmmmmmm," I unconsciously let out a low moan as I felt my mouth filled with the big plum-sized head of his throbbing manhood. Oh man, did it ever feel good to have that hot throbbing crown of Mr. Jarvis' cock embedded in my mouth! It just seemed to fit so perfectly inside my mouth as my lips kind of clamped down against the thick gnarled shaft. I pulled back just slightly and felt the delightful tug as my lips made contact with the bulging corona and kept the enflamed head trapped within my welcoming mouth. 

"Oh, that's beautiful, Joey," he said as he looked down at me then slid his greasy hand forward in one slow consistent stroke. He stopped when his hand bumped against my stretched lips. "Hmmmmmm.....just one problem..." I looked up at him with questioning eyes as I wasn't sure what he meant. 

"With your mouth this far down on my cock, I can't really stroke the head the way I like," he said with a concerned look on his face. All of a sudden, his eyes lit up. "I know! Since I can't use my hand on the end the way I want to, why don't you use your tongue and kind of swirl it all around my cockhead?" he asked eagerly. "I think if you use your tongue like that and kind of suck on the head at the same time, it should probably give me just about the same feeling as my hand." He seemed excited by this idea and I looked up at him and nodded without ever taking my mouth off his cock. To show him I understood what he wanted, I pressed the flat of my tongue right against the engorged membranes of his cockhead and rolled my tongue all around the slick surface. 

"Oh Jesus....that's it!" he said as started to jack away at his rigid erection once more. He was taking long leisurely strokes all the way from the thick base of his cock and then as far up the shaft as he could until his hand bumped softly against my lips. He really seemed to be enjoying it and I could see he was in no hurry to give me this dose of medicine as quickly as he'd given me the last one. That was okay with me; I was loving the feeling of his big warm cockhead filling my mouth. And I figured Mr. Jarvis would know best anyway about how long it should between each dose he fed me.

"Joey, why don't you reach up and feel my balls with your hand," he said as he looked down at me with lust-filled eyes. "That way, you can coax out even more of the medicine inside there that you need." I could see those massive egg-sized balls of his hanging pendulously in his silky bag and reached forward with both hands. I turned my small hands palm up and let my fingers slide over the smooth skin of his sack until those two sensitive orbs filled both my hands. I knew I needed to be gentle as I hefted those two big nuts. Man...were they ever heavy! Like with his cock, I'd never felt or seen anybody else's balls other than my own. I couldn't believe how big and heavy they were! They seemed to be swollen with cum and I figured it must have been because his balls were so big that they were so rich in vitamins and nutrients. I used both hands to gently lift and roll those sensitive orbs all around in the palms of my cupping hands. 

"Oh, that's good, Joey," he said softly as his breathing was starting to get a little more ragged again. "Just massage those nice and easy and pretty soon you'll get a nice creamy mouthful." His words inspired me and as I continued to let my fingers run tenderly over his silky-smooth scrotum, I let my mouth fill with saliva and then rolled my tongue all over his enflamed cockhead.

"Oh yeah, that's it, son. Now just keep sucking on the head like that.....oh yeah....you've got it," he said with a low guttural growl as I kind of vacuumed in my cheeks and drew softly on the broad flared crown filling my mouth. I could feel that his cock was stiff as a bone but the velvety smooth texture of the surface felt incredible as I felt it pressing deliciously against my lips, tongue and all around the inside of my mouth. 

"Just keep doing that, Joey." His slick stroking hand kept sliding back and forth noisily as it moved along the rigid shaft. He was breathing more heavily and his hand started to pump a little faster now. I flicked my eyes up momentarily and saw him looking down at me with a loving smile on his face as I sucked hungrily on the head of his throbbing cock. As I cradled his sperm-filled balls in my hands, I felt them start to draw up closer to his body within their protective sack. 

"OH YEAH JOEY......GET READY....JUST SUCK A LITTLE MORE....A LITTLE MORE....OH YEAH......HERE IT COMES......" he said as a warning and then I felt a powerful shot hit the back of my mouth as he started to flood my mouth with his creamy semen. The first shot was quickly followed by two more big thick ropey wads of cum that gathered with the first one to make a big puddle on my tongue. He kept pumping away at his spitting cock and as he continued to unload in my hot oral cavity. I could feel the thick creamy liquid filling my mouth and knew it would be running out the corners of my mouth if I didn't swallow. Although I wanted to keep the luscious warm cream in my mouth, I knew he'd have more for me; I swallowed. 

"Mmmmmm," I let out an instinctive purr as the delicious flavor of his strong manly cum slid down my throat. I could feel the viscous fluid leaving a soothing coating on the inside of my mouth and down my throat as it made its way into my stomach. I didn't have much time to think about that as he continued to pump his ejaculating cock off between my lips. 

"YOU'RE GETTING A LOT THIS TIME, JOEY," he said aloud as his hand was jacking frantically back and forth. I rolled his balls gingerly in my fingertips as his spitting cock continued to shoot his warm thick cream into my mouth. I got two more big mouthfuls before he was finished. I had to swallow the first one before it overflowed my mouth but as his pumping hand slowed and finally came to a standstill, I let the last mouthful linger on my tastebuds.

"I think you got it all, son," he said as he released his hand from around his cock. I flicked my eyes up and saw him looking down at me with a blissful smile on his face as I continued to kneel before him, still fully clothed, my lips still wrapped tightly around his spent cock. I felt the gentle tug against my lips as he moved backward slightly. Reluctantly, I let him pull that beautiful fat cockhead from between my lips. I closed my mouth quickly to prevent any of his succulent cum from seeping out the corners of my mouth. As he took a step back, I looked up as he looked down at me intently.

"Let's see, you got any medicine left there or did you swallow it all?" I tipped my head up and showed him my mouth full of his milky white cream. "Nice....you better swallow that now, Joey. Let that medicine get inside you and do its work." I closed my mouth and gulped noisily as I relished the soothing feeling of the warm viscous liquid sliding down my throat. 

"Mmmmmm," I let out another soft mew and shivered with satisfaction as I savored the delicious treat he had just given me. 

"What do you say, Joey?" he asked as he walked back behind his desk and slumped into his chair. 

"Th....thanks, Mr. Jarvis!" I stammered as I looked up at him with a smile of satisfaction on my face.

"And how do I like you to show me that you appreciate what I do for you, Joey?" 

"Ummmmm.....you like me to wash your hand and cock off for you?" I asked, slightly unsure. 

"For now....yes," he said as he nodded towards the bathroom. I scrambled to my feet and quickly returned with the steaming hot washcloth. He held his Vaseline-covered hand out for me and when I had that cleaned off, I rinsed out the washcloth and returned to attend to his cock. He let his legs fall open and I dropped to my knees before him and took that dormant monster into my hands and tenderly cleaned off the remaining traces of the slippery lubricant. Oh man, did I ever love the feel of that big cock of his in my hands. It was so different from my own. 

"Okay, Joey, I've got some work to do now. You better go. You've been here more than an hour already anyways." We both looked at the clock and saw that I'd been there about twenty minutes extra already. 
