 As I heard the other boys coming in, I rushed down to the dining room and was one of the first ones in line for lunch. As one of the councilors filled my plate, I saw Mrs. Nesbitt take a tray of food and a drink down the hall for Mr. Jarvis. Whereas the other councilors always ate with us, Mr. Jarvis nearly always took his lunch alone in his office.

I felt like I was floating on air as I ate my lunch. For some reason, the food tasted better than I ever remembered. I wondered if it was the effects of the vitamins that Mr. Jarvis was giving me taking effect all ready. If this was the way they made you feel, I couldn't wait to get more! 

I finished my lunch in record time and took my usual spot on the bench outside Mr. Jarvis' office in case he finished early too. He must have made quick work of his lunch as well because he checked to see if I was there about fifteen minutes earlier than our scheduled appointment. Not that I was complaining or anything. As I breezed past him into his office, I was only too happy that he was ready to give me my next dose of medicine already. As he locked the door behind me and walked back behind his desk, I noticed he didn't have the bandage on his hand that he'd been wearing earlier. 

"Mr. Jarvis, what happened to your bandage?" I asked as I pointed towards his unbound hand. 

"Oh....uh.....yeah. I...uh...I took it off to wash my hands after lunch. Thanks for reminding me. I better put it back on." He opened one of his lower desk drawers and pulled out the bandage. I watched as he wrapped it around his wrist and hand and fastened it with the clips to hold it in place. "Now, where were we? Oh yes, it's time for your afternoon dose of medicine." He rolled his chair around until he was facing sideways to his desk. "Come and get it, son," he said as he nodded to the spot on the floor in front of him. I instantly came around the desk and once again helped him out of his clothes. Once he was naked, he sat back down in his chair while I opened the top drawer and lifted out the jar of Vaseline. I had already come to love the smell of it, "Baby Fresh Scent". There was something wickedly sinful about that innocent fragrance combined with what we were about to do. 

"Now do it just like you did this morning, Joey, and you'll get another big mouthful," he said as I crawled forward between his spread thighs. Once again I wrapped my hands around that thick beautiful cock and locked my lips down just past the big mushroom head. We took our time and he told me some different ways he wanted me to stroke his cock before finally giving me another succulent mouthful of warm thick cream. He got me to clean his cock again with the hot steamy washcloth and then sent me on my way. With three thick gooey loads sitting nicely in my stomach, I was happy for the rest of the day. 

The next day when he let me into his office, I commented that he wasn't wearing the bandage again. He said that his wrist was feeling a little better but he felt that it was probably best if he let me jerk him off into my mouth for another day or two yet. That was fine with me as I got to feel that powerful piece of muscle in my hands again. He fed me two more loads of medicine in the morning again and then another right after lunch. I was feeling really good and was getting used to taking three doses a day. It seemed like the more he gave me, the better I felt. I guess he was right about the vitamins and nutrients that the doctors had told him about. 

About an hour after he had dismissed me on that Tuesday afternoon, Carl appeared and knocked at my door. "Joey, you need to go down to Mr. Jarvis' office. There's a lady from Social Services there." I immediately became alarmed that somehow somebody had seen what Mr. Jarvis was doing for me and had alerted someone in authority. I slowly went downstairs and approached Mr. Jarvis' office cautiously. I could see the door was open and then I heard his voice speaking loudly from within. 

"Are you kidding me? Where did these people come from?"

"When the Quigleys decided to give Joey up, his case was assigned to me," I heard a woman's voice respond from inside his office. I stopped just outside the door and listened attentively. "After reading his file, it seemed to me that when his parents died, the trail to look for any living relatives of his parents ended pretty quickly. I'm not sure what happened then. Anyways, I did a little more digging and found a cousin of his mother's. They live on a ranch in the next state." I stood deathly still; I couldn't believe what I was hearing. 

"Are you sure they're really his relatives or are they just somebody looking for a payout from the government?" Mr. Jarvis asked and I could hear the apparent anger in his voice. 

"Yes, they are his relatives," the woman continued in a calm voice. "I spoke with both of them myself. Let me see here....yes....Claire and Ben Alfredson. Claire is the first and apparently only cousin of Joey's mother. I don't know if they didn't find her because she'd gotten married and wasn't using her maiden name or what. Anyways, she had heard at some point that Joey's parents had died and wondered what had ever happened to him."

"But obviously she didn't care enough to try and find out what happened to him before now." You could hear the level of irritation apparent in Mr. Jarvis' voice. 

"Well, I can't really comment on that. Only that they are happy to take Joey into their home now." What!?!?!? I couldn't believe my ears. I was going to have to leave Monroe! This couldn't be happening now! Not after what had been happening with Mr. Jarvis over the last week or so. 

"And the monthly payment from the government has nothing to do with their decision?" Mr. Jarvis said sarcastically.

"The payments are of course ensured under the process. But I had the feeling from talking to them that it wouldn't have made a difference."

"Tell me," Mr. Jarvis said slowly, "did they ever ask how much those payments would be?"

"Well, yes, they did."

"Hhhhmmm. Well, I beg to differ on whether it made a difference or not." I could almost hear the anger as he tried to control his voice. "Do you really think this is the best thing for Joey right now?"

"If being with relatives is possible, it is required by law, Mr. Jarvis."

"So he doesn't have a say in this at all?" I could hear the exasperation in his voice. I was feeling the same way myself. 

"Not until he's 21. He's only 18 right now."

"Oh Jesus," Mr. Jarvis said with tone of resignation. I poked my head around the corner and tapped softly on the door. They both looked at me and my eyes almost filled with tears as I could see by the anguished look on Mr. Jarvis' face that what I'd heard was true.

"Joey....Joey, come in," the woman said politely with a big smile on her face. I barely took my eyes off Mr. Jarvis as she led me into the room and sat me in one of the chairs in front of his desk. He stood by the window with his arms folded across his chest, looking totally miserable. After what I'd just heard, I felt the same way. 

"Joey, I'm Ann McGuinn from Social Services and I've got some good news for you."

"I....I...I'm sorry...but I heard some of what you were saying from outside the door," I admitted. It was almost like I didn't want to hear it all over again. 

"What.....what did you hear, Joey?" she asked.

"That you found some relatives of my mom's that you're sending me to live with."

"Yes, that's right. Aren't you excited?" she said with what I took to be a big fake smile. 

"No!" I said indignantly. 

"But Joey, they have a big ranch with horses. And they have two sons of their own just a couple of years older than you."

"I don't care! I don't want to go!" I blurted out. 

"But...but," she seemed at a loss for words. 

"It'll be alright, Ms. McGuinn," Mr. Jarvis interrupted. "I'll talk to Joey."

"Well, alright," she said, totally confused about what to do now. 

"When does he have to go?"

"He's going on the bus that leaves at 9:30 on Friday morning. It's about a six hour bus ride. There'll be someone to meet him there when he gets off the bus. That'll give him a few days to get his things together here."

"Okay, Ms. McGuinn, I think you've done enough goodwill for one day," Mr. Jarvis said sarcastically. "You call me tomorrow with all the information and I'll make sure Joey's on that bus on Friday." He picked up her briefcase and handed it to her and I could tell that in his opinion, this conversation was over. 

"Well, fine then," she said, somewhat irritated at being blatantly dismissed. When she got to the door, she turned and looked back at us. "Thank you, Mr. Jarvis." I could hear her trying to sound all professional again. "And good luck, Joey. I'm sure everything will work out with your new aunt and uncle." I didn't even look in her direction. She paused for a second and then I guess she thought it best not to say anything more; she simply left the room. Mr. Jarvis closed the door behind her and slowly made his way back behind his desk. I sat there stunned; barely believing what I'd just been told. 

"Mr. Jarvis, what am I going to do?" I asked, trying as hard as I could to hold back the tears.

"It'll be okay, Joey," he said in a soothing voice. He paused for a few seconds before continuing. "It came as a shock to me too. Unfortunately, what she said is the law. There's nothing either you or I can do about it." We both sat there in silence for a few minutes as the gravity of the situation settled over us. 

"I....I'm going to miss you, Mr. Jarvis," I said sadly. "Nobody's ever been as nice or cared about me like you have this last little while."

"I'm going to miss you too, Joey," he said with a sad note of resignation in his voice. "Maybe these people are really nice. I don't know. It might all work out for the best for you." I could tell he was trying to sound optimistic to try and lift my spirits. I had the feeling he really didn't believe what he was saying. 

"I....I hope so," I said as I hung my head sadly. I tried not to put any more of this problem on Mr. Jarvis; it wasn't his fault. 

"One other thing, Joey," he said as he leaned forwards on his desk. "Tomorrow, I have to leave first thing in the morning for a seminar over at the State office. I won't be back until late in the afternoon." It just felt like another nail being driven into my coffin. I knew there was nothing he could do about that either. With my head hanging low, I simply nodded that I had heard him. We both sat there in stunned silence for another minute or so before he spoke again. "Okay Joey, I guess you better go back to your room now." I slowly got up from my chair and made my way to the door. As I put my hand on the latch, I turned and looked back at him. He was looking intently at me and I could see the sadness in his eyes too. 

"Sir, if you're not going to be here tomorrow, do you think you might have one more dose of medicine that you can give me today?" I asked imploringly. For the first time since I'd come down to his office, I saw a smile come over his face. 

"Would that make you feel better, Joey?"

"Oh yes sir! It would make me feel a lot better."

"Okay, lock the door," he said as he stood up from his chair. I pressed the button for the lock on his door and anxiously returned to my usual spot before him. I undressed him again as he pulled open his desk drawer and withdrew the big tub of Vaseline. I lubed up my two little hands and as he sat back in his chair, I slipped my mouth over the broad mushroom head and slowly serviced him like it might be my last chance. He could tell I was in no hurry, and neither was he. I kept my hands and mouth working on that beautiful big cock for over an hour before he finally emptied his sperm-filled balls into my welcoming mouth. As I swallowed the thick load of creamy semen, I felt both incredibly happy and incredibly sad at the same time. I cleaned his cock lovingly with the washcloth and then quietly went back up to my room.

I barely picked at my dinner that night and spent the rest of the evening lying on my bed wondering about what was going to become of me; and especially how much I was going to miss my regular doses of medicine from Mr. Jarvis. The next day didn't go any better as I sadly went from one thing to another. I couldn't concentrate on my book and most of the time just sat quietly, wondering if I'd ever see Mr. Jarvis after this Friday.

Around 3:30 in the afternoon, I was lying on my bed when I heard a car come into the parking area. I looked out my window and saw Mr. Jarvis come into the house. I could barely contain my excitement and listened at the door of my room. I could only hear the low mumble of his voice and I was sure the other voice I could hear was Carl's. A minute or two later, I head footsteps coming up the stairs and stepped back into my room. Carl knocked softly at my open door and poked his head in.

"Joey, Mr. Jarvis would like to see you," he said and then retreated back downstairs. I was so excited, I had to make myself take a couple of deep breaths to calm down. Without trying to be too obvious, I hurried down the stairs and went directly to Mr. Jarvis' office. 

"You're back," I said with a big smile on my face as I started to close the door behind me. 

"Wait!" he said as he stuck his hand out towards the door. His sharp response stopped my hand from closing the door any further. I instantly became alarmed that we weren't going to have our usual time together and he wasn't going to give me my next dose of medicine. I had gone the whole day without one and I could feel my body craving it. 

"Joey," he said as he looked at me with a soft smile on his face, "how would you like to come to my house for dinner tonight?"

"Really?" I gasped wide-eyed. 

"Sure. Mrs. Jarvis would like to meet the fine young man who's been helping me over the last week and a half. It was her idea."

"I....I guess." I was unsure what I thought about the idea of meeting Mrs. Jarvis but I knew I loved the chance for any opportunity I had to be with him. "Yes, that would be great! Thank you."

"Good. I've spoken with Carl and filled out the required paperwork already. I let him know that I'll be bringing you back after dinner. If you're all set, I guess we can go," he said as he grabbed his briefcase and headed towards the door. I followed like a little puppy and was excited as anything to be with him. He didn't say much as we got into his car and headed towards the outskirts of town. I sat quietly and looked over at him with a swelling of happiness inside me. We eventually turned down a bit of a country lane right on the edge of town. It was an older part where all the lots were pretty big and most of them were surrounded with big mature trees. Mr. Jarvis pulled into a driveway lined with high cedars and we came to a small but nice house nestled amongst the trees. 

"Hhhmmm, I don't see Mrs. Jarvis' car," he said as we got out and made our way towards the house. "I wonder where she is?" I followed him into the house as he dropped his briefcase by the door and walked further into the house. I saw him pick up a piece of paper on the kitchen counter and start reading. He scanned it quickly and then turned to me. 

"Listen to this Joey: "My sister called and her husband was rushed to the hospital with a heart attack. She was very upset and asked if I could come and stay with her. I'll be gone overnight and probably be home tomorrow afternoon. I'm very sorry that I missed having a chance to meet Joey. He sounds like a fine young man. Make him feel at home. There's some leftover tuna casserole in the fridge. See you tomorrow, Mrs. Jarvis."

I don't know if she really signed it Mrs. Jarvis or if he just said that for my benefit because I'd never heard her first name either. As soon as he finished reading, he crumpled up the piece of paper into a ball and threw it into the garbage can beneath the sink. I can honestly say that I wasn't very disappointed that she wasn't going to be there. It would give me some time alone with Mr. Jarvis. I could feel the intense happiness almost swelling in my heart as I thought about it. 

"Well, that's too bad Mrs. Jarvis can't be here," he said with a funny little smile on his face. "What would you like to do, Joey?"

"Ah gee, I don't know." I didn't want to be any bother for him so I decided to kind of throw the question back at him. "What do you usually do when you get home?"

"Well, I usually grab a shower, then sit and have a beer while I watch some TV."

"That sounds okay to me. Why don't we just do that?"

"We?" he said as he looked at me questioningly.

"Oh, I'm sorry," I said as I turned red with embarrassment. "I mean, I'll just wait here if you want to take a shower and then I can bring you a beer and we can watch some TV after that."

"Well, that sounds like a good idea but I think I have an even better one," he said as he looked at me with big grin on his face. 

"Wh...what's that?" I asked.

"Well, you know how I've kind of been doing you a favor by making sure you get that medicine you need?"

"Yes sir. And I do appreciate it. I appreciate everything you've done for me."

"That's good, Joey," he said in a soft voice. "Well then, how would you like to do me a favor for a change?"

"I....I'd love that sir!" I said excitedly. "I'll do whatever you'd like me to do."

"Good...good," he said with a nod. "This hand is still giving me a bit of trouble." He held up his hand that he had injured on the weekend although he hadn't been wearing the bandage since Monday. "How about if you join me in the shower and you can wash me?"

"Sure!" I said as I looked up at him in awe. I couldn't believe what he was asking me to do. This was the kind of thing I'd been dreaming of for the last few days. It was something I knew I could do for him that I hoped would make him happy. I so badly wanted to please him like he was doing for me by feeding me his potent semen. 

"Okay, let's go," he said as he got up and walked further into the house. I followed him to the master bedroom and then into a large en-suite bathroom. There was a big shower stall surrounded by glass that ran from the floor to the ceiling. He pulled what looked like Mrs. Jarvis' pantyhose and a bra that were draped over the top edge of one of the glass walls and tossed them onto the vanity counter. He opened one of the doors and got the shower running before turning to me. It was one of those big showers with a nozzle at each end and he turned both of them on. 

"Take my clothes off for me, Joey," he instructed. As I had done for the last few days, I dutifully undid and removed all his clothing, even his socks this time. I loved the feel of stripping the clothes off this big rugged man. It made me feel needed and wanted. I knew he liked it and I was only too happy to do as he wished. 

"Okay, you'd better get your own stuff off," he said as he stepped into the shower and closed the door behind him. This was the first time I was going to be naked in front of another person other than a doctor. I was nervous as anything and turned my back as I took off my clothes and lay them in a pile on top of the toilet seat. I think Mr. Jarvis must have sensed my anxiety because as I opened the door and made my way into the shower, he never once turned and looked directly at me. He was leaning forwards with his hands against the wall behind one of the showerheads, letting the pelting spray cascade down over his head. He heard the door close and looked briefly in my direction. I was afraid he would make some comment about the fact that my cock was so much smaller than his but he almost appeared not to even notice as he handed me a big bar of soap. 

"Get those hands nice and lathered up, Joey," he said as he turned back and let the steaming spray rain down upon him. It would have been cold in there out of the spray if this was a regular shower and I was glad that there was a nozzle at each end. As he was busy using one, the warm soothing spray from the other one was spraying over my own small body. I took the bar of soap and worked up a frothy lather on both of my hands before setting it into a built-in shelf in the wall. I looked up at his big masculine body and wasn't sure what to do next. 
