 Walking in just his hiking boots and white socks, Sven still looked incredibly sexy. Like a little puppy with its master, I readily followed until he stopped a few feet away from the bank of the stream next to the trunk of the big willow tree we were under.

"Take a look there," Sven said as he pointed towards the stream. I turned and saw a little pool of calmer water nestled amongst some boulders. "That's a nice little spot to take a swim. You're gonna need to go in there soon." I wasn't exactly sure what he meant but I guess he figured I'd go in and cool off after he let me suck him off again.

"It looks real nice," I said as I looked into the clear little pool and then turned back to him. That big piece of meat hanging between his legs looked pretty nice too. 

"Remember when I asked you about the things Mr. Jarvis and you did? One of the things I asked was if he'd ever mentioned "purification through urination". You said he hadn't mentioned that."

"No, sir," I said with a slightly confused look on my face. "I don't ever recall him saying that. I'm pretty sure I would have remembered words like that."

"Okay. Well, that's one of the things my doctor told me I could do to help someone. When they were doing the tests on me, not only did they test my semen, they also tested my urine. He told me that it contains certain enzymes that provide systemic internal purification."

"What does that mean?" I asked as I looked at him curiously.

"It means that it will help prevent any potential kidney problems for you. And trust me, we're on well water here and you can never be too careful." 

"I.....I guess you're right," I said tentatively.

"Sure I'm right, Kid. And hey, it's not just me saying that, that's what the doctors told me. They also told me those same enzymes are good for the skin. So it's gonna be important to give you some applications of that as well. It helps skin cells retain moisture that they need to work efficiently. The good thing is that it just has to be on your skin for a short time to be effective."

"Oh....uh....okay, I guess," I said, still slightly confused.

"You do want me to take care of you like Mr. Jarvis did, don't you, Kid?" The look on his face made it seem that he was hurt that I might be unsure about what he was telling me.

"No, I mean yes, I do want you to take care of me like Mr. Jarvis." I hung my head in shame at having questioned him. "I...I'm sorry Sven," I said softly. "I'm sorry I don't understand all those big words. I...I feel kind of stupid."

"Hey, that's okay, Kid. This is something new and of course you're gonna be a little unsure. But I'd only do what's best for you; you know that, don't you?" he said as he reached out and put his hand on my shoulder tenderly. The touch of his big hand on my little shoulder seemed to make all my anxiety fly out of my body in an instant. I looked up at him and my face slowly broke into a grin as he gave me a comforting smile.

"I do know that, sir. I know you'll take good care of me." He gave me a little nod after I said that. "Wh.....what do you need me to do?" Now that I knew everything was going to be okay, I was anxious to get started learning what he had to teach me. 

"I need you to get down on your knees," he said nodding to the grassy spot right in front of him. I dropped to my knees instantly, my face mere inches away from his long heavy member. "Good....good. Now since this is new for you, we'll start you off nice and easy. I'm gonna start by pissing on your body and slowly work my way up. When I'm ready to start feeding it to you, I'll tell you. We'll just start you with a little at a time. I'm sure once you get used to it, you'll love it." I was starting to get excited and nodded eagerly that I was ready. He reached forward and took a couple of leisurely strokes along his big cock to sort of loosen it up. He then adjusted his stance slightly with his booted feet a little further apart. He then stopped the movement of his hand and just held it around the mid-part of the shaft. 

"Okay, here we go," he said and I watched as the glistening stream of piss burst forth from the tip of his cock. The powerful first blast hit me in the stomach and I felt the intense warmth as his piss quickly ran down my body. I could smell the acrid scent as it invaded my senses. It smelled like him; strong and masculine. He started moving that heavy stream up and soon I felt it pelting down against my chest and shoulders. I loved the warm feeling as it hit and then ran down over my smooth young skin. He started moving it higher and I felt a few trickles run over my shoulders and down my back.

"Okay, Kid, open up," he instructed and I obediently complied. I opened my mouth wide to give him a nice target and I immediately felt the warm stream hit my chin before he directed it right in between my open lips. My mouth quickly filled with the gurgling liquid and then I felt the stream instantly stop. I looked at Sven and saw that he had closed his hand tightly around the shaft to shut off the flow. I knew he was doing this for my benefit to allow me to get used to the new sensation of having a mouthful of his piss. I could taste the strong salty flavor and I was surprised at how warm his urine was. He had filled my mouth almost to overflowing and he watched intently as I rolled the warm liquid all around my mouth and over my tastebuds before swallowing. 

"Mmmmm," I let out a little purr of satisfaction. It felt nice and warm as it slid down my throat. It kind of reminded me of apple cider but with its own distinctive taste; a taste I knew instantly that would always remind me of Sven. The intense manly flavor of his urine lingered in my mouth and I ran my tongue over my cheeks and gums, searching for more. 

"You like that, eh Kid?" he asked with a big smile on his face. I'm sure the look of rapture on my face told him all he needed to know.

"Yes sir," I said as I looked up at him adoringly. "Could I...could I try some more?"

"Sure, Kid," he said with a big smile on his face as he lifted his cock and pointed the tip back towards my face, "you can have as much as you want." I saw his hand release the tight grip he had on the shaft and I got my mouth open just in time before the new blast of piss grazed my cheek before he directed it right in between my pursed lips. My mouth quickly filled and this time I could feel it overflowing before he shut off the flow again. I fought to keep as much as I could in my mouth but I could feel the excess from that initial blast running down my neck and chest. I closed my mouth and swirled the hot delicious liquid lovingly all around the inside of my mouth.

"Mmmmm," I sighed in pleasure again as I swallowed the warm salty fluid. The strong taste and the warm acrid smell combined in a delicious assault on my senses. All I could taste and smell was his piss; and I wanted more. I looked up at him again and opened my mouth willingly. 

"Hey...hey, slow down there, slugger," he said affectionately as he kept his hand firmly locked around his cock. "I can see that you like that, but I want you to take things nice and easy right now, so I'm just gonna finish this off by pissing all over you." He could see the disappointed look on my face that I wasn't going to get any more into my mouth right now. "Don't worry, Kid, I'll give you some more tonight. Yeah, you won't have to worry about every going thirsty again." This brought a smile to my face and then he let loose with another ferocious blast of piss. It hit me full on the chest and he directed it all around my shoulders and upper body. It felt wonderful to feel the force of his piss against my skin. I could feel it running in warm rivers down my body onto the ground beneath me. His tremendous flow finally let up and the powerful stream started to recede. 

"Open up," he said as he quickly moved forward. I instantly opened my mouth and he slipped the big head still issuing forth the diminishing stream of piss, right in between my parted lips. I quickly closed my mouth around the big spongy head as he deposited the last of his warm acrid liquid onto my tongue. There wasn't nearly as much as when he'd filled my mouth earlier but I was grateful for the last ounce or two. I relished the feeling of having his big cock-head trapped within my mouth at the same time as I was enjoying a mouthful of piss. I swirled the warm liquid all around the spongy membranes of his glans before swallowing.

"Mmmmm," I purred with satisfaction again as the salty fluid made its way to my stomach. With my mouth empty, I instantly started sucking on his flaccid cock. 

"Easy there, Kid," Sven said as he pulled his cock from my mouth. I had already been sucking so hard that it made an audible "POP" when he pulled it out. Once again, I was left kneeling there with my mouth gaping open like a fish out of water. 

"Go and get cleaned up, Kid," he said as he motioned to the little swimming hole behind me. "Don't worry, I'll let you have another mouthful of cum once you're done." I turned and quickly stepped into the cool water of the little pool. The water dropped off to about four feet quickly in that spot and I ducked down totally beneath the water. When I came up from beneath the surface, I remained squatting with my feet on the smooth pebbly bottom with just my head above the surface. It felt so good to be enveloped in the cool clean water. It was a hot day and I could feel the sweat as well as the remnants of his piss washing off my lean young body. 

I looked up and saw Sven pick up the blanket that we had spread out on the ground. I watched as he folded it a couple of times and then laid it over the big log that he'd been sitting on earlier. He sat on the blanket facing the stream and turned in my direction. He was still wearing his hiking boots and white socks and he gave me a devilish leer as he picked up one booted foot and moved his legs well apart. I felt myself gulp in anticipation as his big limber cock came into view. He kept looking at me intently as he reached down and hefted that beautiful piece of meat in my direction. Like a moth drawn to a flame, I felt myself stepping out of the water as if mesmerized. 

"That's a good boy, come and get it," he said in a lulling voice as he continued to wave his long heavy cock in slow hypnotic circles. My feet were moving unconsciously as I stepped towards him, the cool water running slowly running off my body. My eyes never left his beautiful cock as I got closer and closer until I dropped to my knees between those thick tree-trunk like thighs of his. I could feel myself salivating as he took a couple more leisurely strokes along that gorgeous monster.

"Is this what you want, Kid?" he asked teasingly as he reached out and pulled my head closer. I tried to capture the broad flared crown between my lips but he was too quick for me and drew the tip all around my face. It felt beautiful to have the velvety soft skin of his dick caressing my face and my eyes closed with pleasure and I let out a soft squeal of delight. I rolled my face against the thick heavy log and surrendered myself to the blissful sensation of this big beautiful man allowing me the supreme pleasure of servicing his majestic cock. 

"I'll take that little squeal as a yes," he said as I nuzzled my whole face into his crotch and inhaled deeply of his strong masculine scent. I could feel my little cock starting to harden again as the feel and smell of his cock invaded my senses. I let my lips start to slide along the side of his shaft towards the tip and I let out a low groan and looked up at him with lust-filled eyes. He smiled down at me broadly as my lips approached the tip. 

"It looks like you need it bad," he said.

"Oh God, yes," I said breathlessly. 

"Okay, you can take this one out of me as fast as you want; but tonight, back in the bunkhouse, we're gonna take our time and I'll show you how I like my cock sucked."

"Can....can we start right after supper, sir?" I asked eagerly.

"Oh yeah. We'll start as soon as we can. And don't tire yourself out this afternoon. I plan on putting that mouth of yours to good use most of the night." My eyes flew open as I thought about what he'd just said. The idea of having my mouth on his beautiful cock all night long was overwhelming. It felt like a dream come true. I felt my cock throb as I thought about it and quickly slipped my lips over his broad flared crown and coated it in a warm bath of saliva. 

"Oh yeah, that's it. Get it nice and wet, Kid. I like that," he said as he leaned back slightly and put an arm out to each side as he supported himself on the log. I could feel the big knob swelling in my mouth and based on what he'd said about taking this load out of him as quickly as I could, I reached out with my hand and slipped it around his thick veiny shaft. He didn't knock my hand away this time like he had last time. 

"Mmmmm," I let out another blissful purr as I felt my little hand wrap around that smooth warm shaft for the first time. My circling fingers couldn't even touch my thumb and it wasn't even hard yet. I inched closer on my knees and reached out with my other hand and slipped it around his long cock below my first hand. It was quickly lengthening and thickening beneath my shucking hands and vacuuming mouth. I moaned and groaned in pleasure at the luscious feeling of that stiffening monster finally within my grasp. 

"Oh fuck, Kid, you've got a great mouth," Sven said as I let a big mouthful of saliva wash over his cock-head. I let my stretched lips open slightly so the slick fluid oozed out the corners of my mouth and ran down his hardening shaft in glistening rivulets. I kept pushing more saliva to the front of my mouth and let it feed down towards my shucking hands. They were becoming slipperier and slipperier and within another minute or two, my hands and mouth were totally filled with 11" of hard thick cock. 

"Mmmmmm," I moaned in pure rapture as I sucked and licked at the huge knob trapped within my mouth. I could feel my own cock sticking up hard as a rock between my legs as I set myself and started to bob my head up and down on that huge glorious cock.

Somebody would have had quite a sight if they happened upon us unexpectedly. They would have seen this big rugged man sitting there on this fallen leg while the much smaller body of a boy was kneeling between his muscular legs bobbing his head rhythmically up and down on the man's rigid erection. It would have been apparent that the boy enjoyed what he was doing as he wantonly sucked at the enormous erection sprouting like a powerful weapon from the big man's groin. They would have seen gobs of saliva dripping from the corners of the boy's mouth and sliding down the stiff glistening shaft. Gobs of the warm saliva were gathering on the underside of the rigid monster and dropping in silvery strands onto the ground beneath them. 

I could feel the slippery saliva running beneath my hands and I spun my jacking hands slowly in a tantalizing corkscrewing motion up and down along the exposed shaft beneath my sucking mouth. I slowly swirled my tongue all around the big plum-shaped head and tasted the silky nectar of his pre-cum. I slid the tip of my tongue right into the opening at the very tip and teased it mercilessly. 

"Oh fuck, yeah," he said with a low groan and then rewarded me with pulsing gob of his silky fluid. I slid my tongue back and swallowed the tasty morsel. As the salty nectar slid down my throat, I slowly licked all around that big pulsing cock-head with the flat of my tongue. My own cock was absolutely throbbing with need as wave upon wave of desire flowed through me. The warm silky taste of his pre-cum had only been a teaser, I needed more. And this time, I wanted the real thing; all of his massive creamy load.

"Oh yeah....not much longer Kid.....and then you'll get a nice big reward," he said as I flicked my eyes up and saw him looking down at me lasciviously. My head was bobbing up and down quickly now as I voraciously closed my lips just beneath the dark purple ridge of his corona. I sucked and licked wantonly at the engorged cock-head as I transformed my mouth into a moist vacuuming orifice for his lustful pleasure. I could hear him breathing more raggedly so I slid my hands down to the base of his cock and started scratching all around the taut skin there. 

"Oh fuck, that's good," he growled as I tortuously drew my nails all around the smooth shaven skin at the thick hard base. I could see little pink traces left on his skin by my scratching fingers but it seemed he liked it just as much as Mr. Jarvis had. I could feel his cock get just a tiny bit stiffer in my mouth and I saw his balls drawing up closer to his body in their smooth protective sack. 

"OH FUCK, KID.....HERE IT COMES," he bellowed out a warning just as he started to flood my mouth. The first shot spat forcefully against the back of my mouth but I was a little more ready for it this time. I could feel the scintillating sensation as it pasted itself on the warm moist surfaces at the back of my mouth before falling in a big puddle on my tongue. It was incredibly thick and I could taste the strong masculine flavor of his delicious cum already as it settled on my taste-buds.

"Mmmmm," I let out a mew of blissful pleasure as the second, third and fourth shot jettisoned forth into my welcoming mouth. His spewing cock was throbbing in my mouth as he continued to unload. Gob after thick creamy gob spat forth onto my waiting tongue as I sucked and licked voraciously from his erupting cock. My mouth quickly filled and I could feel little trickles of the warm cream sliding from the corners of my mouth and down my chin. I took one hand and wrapped it around the veiny shaft and tried to pump as much of the delicious seed out of him as I could. His cock just kept shooting as he fed me wad after wad of his massive load. I swallowed and when my mouth filled once more, I swallowed again. I was purring constantly now as his pearly semen left a smooth silky coating along my throat as it made its way to my stomach. 

"GET IT ALL, KID," he told me as his pulsating cock oozed out the last few drops of that delicious silvery seed. I was tingling all over and as I sucked and lapped up those final tasty morsels, I dropped my hand to my own lap and started pumping away at my own rock-hard cock. 

"MMMMMM.......MMMMMMM........MMMMMMMHHHHHH!!!!" With my lips still wrapped around his huge flared knob, I squealed noisily as my own orgasm hit. My whole body was shaking with pleasure as I felt the exquisite orgasmic tremors shoot through me. I looked down and saw a thin stream of whitish fluid shoot forth from the crimson tip of my cock and splash against the bark of the tree beneath him. As my hand pumped furiously back and forth, a second and then a third silvery rope shot forth. I was shaking and my body felt almost totally out of control as the spine-tingling sensations of a wonderful release washed over me time and again. Finally, I felt the delicious sensations start to subside but not before my own hand was covered with the filmy residue of my own climax.  

"Looks like you enjoyed that one too," Sven said as he stood up and pulled his cock from between my sucking lips. "I'm gonna go and get cooled off. Join me when you're able to stand." He looked down at my trembling form beneath him with a knowing smirk on his face. I remained there gasping as my heart rate slowly started to return to normal. I watched as he pulled off his boots and socks and stepped into the water and lowered himself into the little pool I'd just been in. I lifted up my hand and looked at the pearly slithers of cum coating my hand. I brought it to my mouth and licked it clean. I could feel the gobs of Sven's cum clinging to my chin and once I was done with my hand, I used my fingers to push that delicious overflow into my mouth. I closed my eyes and savored those final morsels as the distinctive taste of his potent seed lingered in my mouth.
