 "Sven, you'll never guess what happened," I said as I followed him into the bunkhouse and closed the door behind me.

"What?" he replied as he continued towards his room. 

"Aunt Claire," I said, hurrying after him, "she knew."

"Knew what?" Sensing the urgency in my voice, he stopped in the middle of the room and turned to look right at me.

"She knew it was me that ate your cum out of her this afternoon."

"You're kidding!" he exclaimed with a dumbfounded look on his face.

"No. When she asked me to help her in the kitchen, well, something happened and she told me."

"What happened?" I launched into the whole story about me spotting the wad of his cum on the sheets and then all that happened from there, even about her having me lick her to a quick orgasm right there in the laundry room. By the end, a slow grin had appeared on his face.

"So that was what those comments she was making about you being a good eater were all about." He softly chuckled. "Well, she is a sly one. My guess is she set that whole thing up by positioning those sheets so you'd see that gob of cum." He paused for a second, "So you told her you'd have to ask me if it was okay?" 

"Yes. What.....what do you want me to do?" I asked, unsure of what he expected of me.

"Anytime she wants you to do that for her, I expect you to do it," he said firmly as he pointed his index finger at my chest. "And I expect you to like it and do a good job until she says she wants you to stop, got it?"

"Yes sir," I said, nodding my head quickly.

"Good. Now I've gotta call Kurt." He stepped into his room and came out with a cell phone in his hand. 

"Do you really think he'll be able to come with us?" I asked excitedly as he started punching in the number.

"If he can get away, I'm sure he'll come." He put the phone up to his ear and I was left trying to figure out what they were saying by just hearing one side of the conversation.

"Kurt, it's me, Sven. So how's it going at home?......That good, eh? Well, I guess that's what gettin' your balls well-drained will do for ya." He gave a little chuckle after this. "Listen, Ben sprained his ankle real bad today and so he can't make it over to the horse auction in Springfield tomorrow. I've gotta go instead. The thing lasts until Thursday so I'll be staying over both Tuesday and Wednesday. Here's the thing, the Kid's coming with me. So I was wondering if you'd be interested in coming down tomorrow and staying over?" Sven looked at me with that sly smile as Kurt was speaking.

"No, the Kid's excited about the idea, he's right here.......Okay....Okay.....Yeah, that shouldn't be a problem; I'm gonna be working on that tonight." Sven's eyes lowered and I saw him look down at my bum. "Yeah, he should be in perfect shape for tomorrow." I felt that little itch again as I knew he was talking about loosening up my little pussy. He was quiet as Kurt was speaking on the other end of the line again.

"Good.....good," Sven said as his mouth turned up in a beaming smile as he nodded his head. "That's great. We'll be going down in the morning; we've gotta get Rogue over to the sales arena and get him registered. We're booked into the Gold Rush Motel. How about we meet you there later in the afternoon?.......Great, we'll see you then."

"Is he coming?" I asked anxiously as Sven turned off his phone.

"Oh, he's coming alright. In more ways than one, I'm sure." He walked over and stood beside me and ran his big hand down over my little round bum. "Yeah, he said he'd have to think up an excuse to tell his wife, but after what you did for him today, I don't think there's a force here on earth that could keep him away." It felt really nice to have his big hand running in slow circles over my bum.

"I'm glad he can come; I like Kurt."

"That's good. I think you can really help me out by being nice to people like Kurt. But like I said, I don't think he's gonna be happy with just a blow-job this time." His hand gripped my little bum and he gave it a nice firm squeeze. "So we'd better start to get that tight little pussy of yours loosened up."

"Wh....what do you need me to do?" I asked fearfully, the thought of having his massive cock tearing open my bum-hole had me quivering beneath his hands.

"Well, I tell you, I never did give your aunt that second load I promised; and watching her move around in that tight top has certainly got me turned on. So, if we're gonna open up that pretty little pussy of yours, I want you to suck this first load out of me to take the edge off. That way, once we get you loosened up and I get inside you, I'll be able to fuck you for a good long time." I shuddered at the idea of his enormous cock fucking me "for a good long time", but I was eager to get my mouth back on his cock. 

I stood still, unsure of exactly what to do as he stripped off all his clothes and tossed them onto the bunk next to mine. I simply stared as more and more of his big muscular body came into view. His cock looked long, heavy and partially swollen. It definitely looked like it needed my mouth on it. He turned towards the wall of his room opposite my bed and leaned slightly forward until he was supporting himself with his hands on the wall in front of him. 

"My ass feels a little sweaty, get down there on your knees and give it a good cleaning," he said as he positioned his feet a little further to each side and then leaned forwards a little more, the firm cheeks of his gorgeous butt opening up slightly for me. Even though I had just eaten, his luscious muscular rear end looked deliciously appetizing to me. Still fully dressed, I dropped to my knees behind him and moved in close. With my nose inches from his backside, I inhaled deeply. 

"Mmmmmm," I let out a soft mew of pleasure as his sweaty masculine scent filled my nostrils. I brought my face up and could see a fine sheen of perspiration on the smooth globes of his bum. I pressed the flat of my tongue against one cheek and licked. The salty flavor settled deliciously on my tongue and I licked all over until his smooth warm cheeks were glistening. I then slid my tongue into the top of his crack and slowly drew it downwards.

"Oh yeah, that's it. Get your tongue right in there," Sven said as he wriggled his bum back against my tongue. I reached up and pulled those two firm cheeks a little bit to each side to open his hot deep crack for my invading tongue. With my tongue fully extended, I pressed it deep against the smooth taut skin at the bottom of his crease. I let my soothing spit slide over his hot flesh until I reached the puckered ring of his anus and then ran the flat of my tongue all the way back up to the top. I went back and forth a number of times as I licked all of the warm salty sweat from the depths of his crack. When I had totally swabbed it clean, I brought my mouth back down until my tongue was pressed against the wrinkled pucker around his hole. I slowly swept the tip of my tongue in agonizing circles all around his tight rosebud until I felt it start to relax and open up to me. Sensing my opportunity, I put the tip of my tongue right on the very center of his hot hole and pressed inwards.

"Mmmmmm," I gave a little moan as I felt my tongue start to slip up inside him.

"Oh fuck yeah," he let out a low groan as he rolled his hips back against my face, "work that hole real good." Just to make sure I knew exactly what he wanted, he brought one big hand back around, grabbed the back of my head, and pulled my face harder against him. I wormed my face as far into that warm crease as I could and set my lips against the hot pucker of his anus in a searing kiss. I slithered my tongue as far up into his gripping chute as I could......and then sucked.

"Oh fuck......that is so fucking good," he growled as I bathed the hot lining of his rectum with my probing tongue. With my hands keeping his ass-cheeks well-parted, I sucked and licked deeply at his hot pink hole for the next five minutes or so. I loved the strong masculine flavor of him as my tongue swirled, licked and probed at the same time my lips sucked at his delicious hole.

"Get up on your bed on your hands and knees," he commanded as he stood up straight and turned around. His cock was at full erection, eleven hard throbbing inches thrusting up menacingly in front of him. I could see he had been leaking pre-cum for awhile as the dark crimson knob was already glistening while a tantalizing strand was distending downwards from the very tip. I could feel my heart racing with excitement as I scrambled onto my bed and got onto my hands and knees. 

"C'mere," he told me as he stepped over and stood right at the of the foot of my bed, his imposing cock thrusting up stallion-like in front of him. On my hands and knees, I crawled forward until I was right at the front of the bed. 

"Yeah, that's it; bring that pretty little mouth of yours right over here." He reached forward and put both big hands on the back of my head and pulled my mouth towards the tip of his surging cock. "Now suck it." He was a little rougher than usual but I think he just needed to get off. He'd promised that second load to my aunt in the afternoon, and then we'd been interrupted when I'd been giving him a tongue bath; and he'd been waiting to get rid of it ever since. As he pulled my head towards his rearing cock, I realized I didn't mind that he was being a little rougher with me, for some reason, I don't know why; I liked being under his control.

"That's it, suck that cock, get it good and wet," he said as he pulled my open mouth right down over his cock and started to move my head up and down. I loved the feel of the hot slippery knob filling my mouth and let my flowing saliva roll all over it. As he continued to move my head up and down, I felt my gooey spit seep out the corners of my mouth and start to flow down his upright shaft.

"Well, look at that, it looks like your aunt isn't the only who's got a hot wet hole today." My eyes followed his downwards to his thick veiny shaft and I saw large quantities of my oozing saliva running down the underside of his cock, over his silky bag, and then dropping in wet gobs onto the floor. It looked incredibly erotic as I watched another slowly-building bubbly wad of spit hang from his swollen balls and fall heavily to the floor. 

"Oh fuck, yeah, I love a nice wet blow-job," Sven said as he continued to stand at the end of the bed and fuck my face, "and since you're doing such a good job, Kid, I think you deserve a reward." He let go of my head and pulled his rigid erection back out of my mouth. I kneeled there, my jaw gaping open as I gasped like a fish out of water.

"A...a reward?" I gasped out questioningly. 

"Yeah, a reward," he said as he reached around with one hand on the back of my neck and held my head in place while he wrapped his other hand around the shaft of his cock and started to draw the dripping head all around the soft smooth skin of my face. "I just want to give you this little treat first to help your skin stay all nice and smooth." It felt wonderful as he moved his broad enflamed crown all over my face; leaving a warm snail-trail of his pre-cum behind.

"Now, for your reward, I'm gonna let you take my cock all the way down your throat. Would you like that, Kid?" he asked as he took my head back in his two hands and tipped it up to look at him. He had a comforting smile on his face as he looked down at me; that same look that always gave me a nice warm feeling inside.

"Y....yes, sir. I'd really like that," I said breathlessly as I looked up at his ruggedly handsome face.

"Good, now just like we did last night when you were over on your back, I want you keep your head tipped up a bit so there's a nice smooth straight tunnel from your mouth all the way to the bottom of your throat for me." With his big meaty hands gripping my head, he put it into exactly the position he wanted. 

"That's it, now let me feel that soft opening into your throat for a minute." He flexed forward and I opened my lips wide just as he slipped his florid cock-head into my mouth. My lips stretched over the broad flared helmet and down over the scintillating contours of his engorged crown as he fed it right in until he was pressing against the soft tissues at the opening to my throat. He held it there and kind of rolled his hips in a slow circle as he let the heat of those tender membranes caress his cock.

"Oh fuck, is that ever nice and hot," he muttered as he held tightly to my head as he rubbed the tip over the soft tissues. Did it ever feel good to me too as his massive knob almost totally filled my mouth. It was nice knowing that he was sitting on a loaded gun, just ready to blast away into my mouth with a full creamy load. Just thinking about it and feeling his hot spongy head rubbing against my own tender flesh had my own cock throbbing in the confines of my jeans. 

"Okay, Kid, I want you to take a deep breath and relax that opening just like you did last night, none of that gagging shit. I want to go all the way in, in one stroke, okay?" I flicked my eyes up to his lust-filled ones and nodded in agreement. 

"Good. Now I'm gonna count to three......one...." I drew in a slow deep breath. "....two..." I let part of it out slowly and concentrated on suppressing the gag reflex for what I knew was coming. ".....three...." I felt him start to press forward as his huge cock-head stretched the opening to my throat and started to slip inside. Not wanting to upset Sven in the least, I concentrated really hard as I felt the initial twinge as my body automatically started to react to the foreign intrusion. I was able to suppress it before my body took over and all I felt was the warm luscious feeling as his thick rigid member slid inch by hard velvety inch all the way down my throat. I was still amazed that something could feel so powerfully hard and so incredibly soft at the same time. 

"Oh fuck, that's it, Kid," he said as he kept a tight grip on my head while he levered his throbbing cock further into me. I could feel that magnificent hard love-muscle taking total control over my body as he slid it all the way into me until my lips were snuggled up against his groin. I could feel the thickness of it stretching my whole throat and the tremendous heat of it seemed to warm my whole chest as he held still, his formidable erection totally impaling me. 

"Swallow," he commanded. I swallowed as best as I could and felt the muscles in my throat contracting around the full girth of his buried cock. "Oh fuck, that's good," he groaned. "Do it again." Knowing he liked it, I swallowed a couple of more times in succession. "Oh Jesus, it feels like you're trying to milk the cum right out of me with your throat." I didn't know that was what it felt like to him, but that was exactly how I hoped this would end up anyway! He drew back until the tip cleared the opening to my throat and I sucked in another quick breath of air. He flexed forward and sank the whole turgid length all the way into me in one slow consistent stroke.

"Mmmmmm," I groaned in pleasure as my lips clamped down around the very base of his cock as I swallowed the whole immense length. 

"Oh fuck, Kid, you love it, don't you?" he asked as he rolled his hips slightly and pulled my head as tight against his groin as he could. 

"Mmmhhhhmmm," I could barely make a sound but I hummed my agreement into the velvety soft skin of his shaft. He took my confirmation as an invitation to start fucking my face vigorously and for the next five minutes or so, he pistoned his rock-hard cock in and out of my enveloping throat. I could feel my own cock throbbing in my jeans as he pulled on my head and slammed my face against his groin time and again. His body was glistening with sweat as he hammered his beautiful hard cock back and forth as far into me as he could. All of a sudden, he unexpectedly pulled his throbbing cock all the way out of my mouth and let go of my head. 

"Oh fuck, that's too good. I don't want to cum just yet," he said as he walked around in a circle to try and cool off. I was left with my mouth gaping open, saliva running from the corners of my stretched lips. He came back to stand right in front of me, and then reached forward and gripped my head again. 

"Do you like this, Kid?" he asked as he stood with his hard spit-dripping cock mere inches from my mouth, the engorged head looking like an angry red bludgeon.

"Yes," I hissed, unable to take my eyes off his mesmerizing cock.

"What about this?" he asked and I saw his stomach muscles rippling again as a pulsing sensation went through his cock. I watched enthralled as a shimmering gob of pre-cum appeared in the gaping red eye and started to distend heavily towards the floor. I was amazed at how much control he had over his cock.

"Oh God......yes!" I was almost whining with need as I watched that beautiful gob of his silky nectar dangling from the tip of his cock.

"Do you want to be my own little cocksucker?" he asked as he continued to flex his cock, that gorgeous erection of his bobbing teasingly right before me.

"Yes," I answered as if in a trance, my eyes never leaving his throbbing virile manhood.

"And as my cocksucker, you'll suck it anytime, anywhere I tell you to, right?"

"Yes."

"And you'll swallow every mouthful of thick creamy cum I give you, right?"

"Yes." I could feel my desire for him escalating even more as I listened to his hypnotic voice.

"And as my cocksucker, if I tell you to suck somebody else, you'll do exactly as I say, right?"

"Yes," I answered in a pleading tone as I watched that tantalizing strand of pre-cum dangling precariously from the tip of his cock.

"Good. Then open up cocksucker, I need to finish this," he said as he pulled my mouth forcefully back down onto his cock. I didn't mind him calling me his cocksucker, for some reason, it made me feel even closer to him.

As my lips slipped back over his enflamed crown, I swirled my tongue across the underside and licked up as much of that dangling web as I could. I tasted the delicious silky flavor as I quickly drew it back into my mouth and swallowed. He gripped my head tightly and with my jaws gaping open, he drove his eleven hard inches all the way into the depths of my throat. He started to rhythmically fuck my face again while I breathed when I could, usually once every few backstrokes. 

"Oh fuck, your throat is so fucking hot and tight," he groaned as he continued to slam his midsection up against my stretched lips. 

"Oh yeah...c'mon cocksucker.....just a little more....just a little more....OH FUCK....TAKE IT ALL!" he groaned loudly and pulled my face as hard up against him as he could and held it there. I felt his cock get just a little bit stiffer and then felt it twitching and pulsating in my throat as he started to cum.

"SWALLOW!" he told me urgently......and I did. I felt the massaging tremors go right through him as his cock unloaded deep inside my gullet. 

"AGAIN!" he instructed and I kept swallowing as the rippling muscles of my throat pulled and milked his spewing seed out of him. I could feel his body quivering as a powerful orgasm coursed through his big rugged body. I had become nothing more than a willing receptacle for his lust-driven needs.....but I loved it. As he continued to unload deep inside me, he noticed my discomfort as I needed to breathe. He backed out of my throat and as his spitting cock cleared my airway, I drew in a big gulp of cool air. His ejaculating cock continued to flood my mouth with more of his semen as I was now able to feel it fill my mouth and settle on my tongue. I loved the creamy texture as I rolled it around on my tongue as the last few gobs spurted against the back of my mouth. Finally, he was totally drained. He kept his hands on my head but released the death-grip he'd had on it as he was cumming. 
