 Sven started to withdraw from inside me and I felt the stretched walls of my rectum closing down on the empty void as he retreated. My bum felt sore and bruised but it was also tingling deliciously from the fucking he'd just given it. I couldn't believe how hard I'd cum while his massive hard knob was tearing back and forth across my prostate. Every time he stroked forward, as soon as the engorged head rubbed against it, a long rope of cum had spewed forth from the end of my cock. He'd kept this up until I had absolutely nothing left.

He pulled back until I felt that teasing tug as the flared ridge encountered my constricting ring, and then he pulled back until he popped right out of me. I felt a gush of liquid at my stretched hole and then felt his cum running down between my legs onto the soaked sheets beneath me. I looked up as he lifted himself away from me and then moved forward to straddle my little prone form. I could see his long heavy cock glistening with Vaseline, the warm juices from my bum, and pearly traces of his cum.

"Open up, Kid," he said as he lifted his cock and set it against my lips. I opened my mouth and he dropped the big head right inside. I closed my lips with the spongy knob trapped within my hot oral cavity. I licked all around and tasted my own juices for the first time. It tasted earthy and musky, and I liked it.

"Mmmmmm," I mewed in satisfaction as I let Sven know I was only too happy to perform the cleaning duties he'd requested.

"That's it, cocksucker; get it all nice and clean," he said as he leaned forward and pushed more of his cock into my mouth. He was holding onto the headboard and moved his cock all around my mouth and face as I licked every glistening surface. 

"Now take care of those balls for me," he said as he sat forward and rested his heavy distended balls on the lower half of my face. I opened my mouth as wide as I could and let each one drop into my mouth. I rolled each big nut around on my tongue as I licked and cleaned his soft silky bag.

"Don't forget this," Sven said as he swung around, reversed direction, then settled back with his sweat-covered backside sitting right down onto my upturned face.

"Mmmmm," I let out another little satisfied groan as his big ass covered my face. I slid my tongue up until I encountered his hot pink hole and then slowly pushed a wad of saliva against it. 

"That's it," he said as he wriggled down onto my face, "get that tongue way up inside me." I pressed my tongue against the tight opening and he rewarded me by quickly relaxing so my tongue could slide right inside. The delicate tissues inside him tasted sinfully hot as I slithered my tongue as far into him as I could. My lips were pressed tight against his wrinkled pucker in a loving kiss as my tongue probed and swirled inside him. For the next fifteen minutes, he rode my face and kept me busy worshipping his steaming hole until he was ready to fill my needy pussy once more. He lifted his wide beautiful bum off my face and stood at the foot of the bed. My face was hot and flushed from being under him for so long, but I was anxious to see what he'd ask of me next. 

"That last load really took the edge off. Now I'm ready to work on you for a good long time. Get on your knees and bring that sweet pussy of yours down here," he said as he gestured towards the bottom of the bed. 

Shuddering with both fear and anticipation of being 'worked on for a good long time', I did as he asked. As I rolled onto my hands and knees, I could see that his cock was once again rock-hard and rearing up menacingly.

"Yeah, that's it....just move back here until your knees are right at the edge...good...good....that's perfect." I had shifted back until I felt my knees right at the very bottom edge of the bed and then held still as I felt his big meaty hands caressing my bum. I then felt him take a cheek in each hand and pull them to each side. 

"That's a real pretty pussy you've got there, Kid," he said as I felt his fingertips start to slide deeper into my crack, "and it looks even better with my cum dripping out of it." It felt wonderful as he took one thick digit and spread his warm leaking seed all around my raw hole. As his fingertip smoothed his silky cream all around my abused hole, I rolled my hips back towards him.

"Your hole is still nice and slick, that's good. You like having your pussy played with, eh Kid?" he asked as he took his thick finger and slid it all the way to the third knuckle inside me.

"Mmmmmmmm......yessssssss," I hissed with pleasure as he started to fuck his thick long finger in and out of me. 

"Oh yeah, this pussy of yours is so nice and hot," he said wantonly as he probed deep inside me with his invading digit. He took his fingertip and started pressing it against the tingling membranes inside me in a slow teasing circle.

"How's that feel, Kid?" he asked as his finger pressed mercilessly all along the moist walls of my tender chute. "Does it feel a little bit itchy inside there?"

"Yes," I said as I felt him press down on the enflamed nodule of my prostate.

"Would you like a nice hard deep scratch then?"

"Yes," I said eagerly as my bum was starting to tingle deliciously under his probing fingers.

"I think I've got just the thing to help you out," he said as he pulled his finger out of my bum and put his hands on my hips. He pulled my little 18-year old body back a little bit until he had me right at the edge of the bed. He stood on the floor and his tall body combined with my little one to put my waiting pussy-hole at just the right height for his lurid assault. I felt the tremendous heat emanating from the tip of his cock as he snuggled it right up against my beckoning little rosebud. 

"Now let's just find where that troublesome itch is." I felt my sphincter start to stretch as he pressed forward.

"Oooooooohhh," I let out a long deep groan as the massive knob of his tremendous cock once again stretched my tight ring almost to the tearing point. I felt my body go rigid as the head slipped forward and then I felt that delicious feeling as my sphincter slid over the thick hard ridge and clamped down on the rigid shaft.

"Is this where the itch is?" he asked as he teasingly pulled his cock back and forth about a half an inch each way so it tugged gently against my constricting ring.

"No.....deeper," I said with a groan as I tried to push myself back onto his beautiful hard pillar of flesh. He had a firm grip on my hips and wouldn't let me impale myself any further. He was in complete control and I surrendered myself compliantly. I felt the delightful warm friction as he slid about half the length of his throbbing cock into me.

"Is this where it is?" he asked as he rolled his hips in a slow torturous circle, his massive knob stirring my insides like a thick batch of concrete. It felt amazing as the power from his tremendous cock seemed to radiate throughout my entire body with a pure feeling of bliss. 

"Uuuuuuunnnggghhh," I let out another low groan as the exquisite feelings going on inside me were increasing with each of his slow teasing movements. "Deeper," I said with a hiss.

"Deeper? Well, let's see if I can find where it is." He gripped my hips firmly and pressed forward once more. 

"Yessssss," I moaned as I felt that thick hard rod slide further and further into me. My bum was being filled to the breaking point with that beautiful hot hard cock of his. I could feel the massive knob reaching far up into my steaming guts as he fed the last few inches into me. I felt his shaven groin press up against my virginal backside and knew I had every one of his eleven hard inches inside me. 

"Is this where that terrible itch is?" he asked and I felt him flex his cock inside me. A strong pulse seemed to go through that hard piece of muscle as it pushed upwards against the enveloping lining of my chute. 

"Yesssssss," I said with a soft hiss as I relished in the exquisite sensation of having his magnificent cock buried to the hilt inside me. It felt wonderful to be beneath him, his long hard cock filling me; to be allowed to service this powerful big man. I was thrilled that he had chosen me to use for his pleasure.

"Well, if that's where that itch is, I better give it some long hard scratches." He drew back slowly, the warm moist membranes of my boy-pussy clinging to his thick hard rod. He pulled back until I felt the thickest part of his ridge tugging against my tight ring. He pulled back harder until I felt my pussy-lips start to close down. He then paused with just the tip nestled snugly in the tight confines of my little hole....and then he slammed it all the way into me with one vigorous stroke.

"OOOOOOOHHHHH....," I let out a long deep groan as his gigantic cock tore its way deep into me. He drove it home and his taut muscular groin slapped up against my little round bum. It felt amazing to have that huge cock absolutely filling me. I knew that this is what I was truly meant for, to serve a strong virile man like Sven. As soon as he had it buried all the way into me, he slowly drew it back until the broad flared helmet had nearly slipped out of my gripping chute once more. He then held tightly to my hips as he fucked the incredible full length all the way into me again. 

"So, does a nice hard scratching like that feel good, Kid?" 

"Yesssss," I said with a soft moan as I used the muscles inside me to grip down on his thick plundering cock. 

"I think some nice hard long-dicking should take care of that for you." As he gripped my hips tightly, he really started to fuck the full length of his cock in and out of me; the broad rope-like ridge tearing torturously in and out of my tight flexing ring. For the next ten minutes or so, he fucked me vigorously as his big body slammed noisily up against mine. The bed was squeaking and shaking like crazy as he used me for his pleasure. 

"Oh yes," I moaned as he drove the full length of his hard rigid cock into me time and again. My little body was covered in sweat and I felt totally out of control....but I loved every minute of it. My cock had quickly returned to full hardness and I could feel my stiff cock throbbing beneath me. I looked down beneath me and could see precum drooling from the tip as he continued to pound it into me. Looking beyond my own cock, I could see his huge sperm-laden balls hanging majestically in his sack as they slammed up against me with each powerful thrust. All of a sudden, I felt a huge empty void inside me as he pulled his beautiful big cock all the way out of me. 

"Turn around, Kid," Sven said from behind me. I scrambled around on my hands and knees to see him standing at the foot of the bed, his long powerful cock arcing out menacingly towards me, the enflamed head angry-looking and dripping precum. He reached forward, took my head in his hands and pulled my face towards him. 

"Get that pretty little mouth of yours back on there," he said as he pressed my eager lips against the hot flared knob. 

"Mmmmm," I moaned with pleasure as I slipped my lips over the lemon-sized crown. I slid my stretched lips as far down the velvety shaft as I could go, my tongue pressing against the throbbing veiny surface.

"Oh yeah, that's it," he said in a raspy voice, "lick up all that cunt-juice of yours." He held my head and guided it up and down on his powerful rigid slab of muscle as I sucked and licked up the warm musky flavor of my own secretions mixed with his. He moved my head all around his crotch and along the full length of his thrusting cock until it was gleaming with a fine coating of my glistening saliva.

"Okay cocksucker, open wide and give me a pretty target to aim for," he said as he held my head and pointed the engorged dripping head at my puffy beckoning lips. I formed my lips into that inviting "O" shape that I knew he liked and looked up at him with lust-filled eyes. He looked down at me with a lecherous grin and then pulled my head slightly forward until he had inserted the hot tip between my soft full lips. 

"Is this what you want, Kid?" he asked as he teasingly rolled his hips. His massive knob rubbed hotly against my pillowy lips as he stirred the menacing knob all around the opening of my mouth. 

"Mmmhhhmmmm," I purred in agreement and my eyes closed in bliss as I savored the absolutely delicious feeling of his enormous hard cock pressing against my warm lips.

"Okay then. Relax that throat, 'cause I'm goin' all the way in," he said as he started to flex his hips forward. I managed to suppress my gag reflex just in time as he fed his massive cock-head right into my throat. He held my head firmly and drove his cock all the way into the very depths of my gripping throat in one slow insistent thrust. 

"Mmmmmm," I moaned against his rock-hard stalk as his groin pressed up against my face. My lips were snuggled up tightly against the taut skin around the base of his cock as my throat muscles contracted and sent delightful massaging tremors along the full length of his gigantic hard piece of flesh.

"Oh yeah....that's it, Kid.......suck it," he said with a low growl as my lips nibbled enticingly at the thick root of his cock. He kept it buried in my throat until he sensed I needed to breathe and then withdrew it until the broad helmet cleared my windpipe. I took in a cool gulp of air just in time as he fed the full length of his 11" cock all the way into my throat once more. For the next five minutes or so, he vigorously fucked my throat. My jaws were stretched wide open around that thick hard monster and the tender membranes lining my throat felt raw and sore from the ravaging assault he was inflicting on me.....but I knew I was willing to do this forever if he wanted me to. Finally, he pulled back and withdrew his cock right out of my mouth, leaving me there with my swollen lips hanging open, gasping in the hope he would feed me that beautiful cock until he filled my mouth with his succulent cum.

"Get over on your back again, cocksucker," he said firmly as I looked up at his rugged powerful body looming over me. I quickly flipped over on my back in the middle of his bed. As I did, Sven crawled onto the bed, his heavy long cock standing up stallion-like before him. He looked like a god, his muscular ripped body gleaming with a fine sheen of perspiration.

"Get those legs up and apart, I'm gonna bury this in that tight little cunt of yours," he said as he started to lean over me. I quickly brought my knees up and rolled my hips upwards to present my hot little hole to him. He reached forward and grabbed my little hands in his and pushed them high above my head. He leaned over me; his massive body dwarfing mine, his gripping hands pushed my own into the mattress high above me, stretching me out and pinning me to the bed. I looked up into his blue piercing eyes as he lowered himself onto me, the hard hot head of his cock coming to rest at my twitching pink hole.

"Is this what you want, Kid?" he asked teasingly as he pressed forward. My eyes closed blissfully as I felt my tight little rosebud stretching and opening up for his huge thick cock. 

"Yesssss," I hissed as the enormous crown slid into me, my clutching sphincter closing down behind the lemon-sized knob. With his hands holding my own arms high above my head, he drove his huge thick cock all the way into me in a long powerful stroke. 

"Mmmmmmmm," I moaned deeply as his rigid pillar of flesh totally filled my hot gripping pussy. He drew back until I felt the thick ridge of his corona tugging against the inside of my sphincter......and then he slammed forward with a hard vigorous thrust.

"Aaaaaaaaahhh," I let out another groan of satisfaction as his plunging cock tore across my prostate. I felt a surge in my cock and could feel it quickly stiffening. He drew back once more and started to really fuck me with long, hard, deep strokes. With him holding me stretched out, it seemed like he was nailing me to the bed with each hard thrust of that long hard stake between his legs. I was lying beneath him, totally at his mercy and loving every exquisite second of it. I could feel his big rugged body moving against me as he used my tight boy-pussy for his pleasure. I was sweating like crazy and my head was flopping from side to side as the luscious sensations of being thoroughly fucked flowed through me. My cock was hard as a rock and pulsing with each of his vigorous thrusts. He angled himself a little differently and his enormous cock-head rubbed even harder against my sensitive prostate.

"Ooooohhh," I moaned as I felt that amazing tingling feeling coming over me again. The intense friction from his massive spear tearing back and forth into the depths of my guts had my whole midsection absolutely thrumming. My stiff cock was pulsating with each of his driving thrusts, pre-cum oozing continuously from the dripping tip. 

"I think you like that, eh Kid?" he said with a wicked leer on his face as he continued to drive his rock-hard cock deep into me. 

"Oh gosh, yes......I.....I feel all funny again.....I.....I.......OOOOOOOOOHH," I let out deep groan as I felt an intense rush as semen sped up the shaft of my cock. On his next hard forward thrust, a long white rope of cum spurted forth from the tip of my cock and landed on my chin and chest. He quickly drew back and as his next driving stroke tore across my tingling prostate, another long ribbon of cum burst forth to land on my neck and shoulder. For the next five or six deep hard thrusts, each time he'd drive it into me, my cock seemed to respond as if directly connected to his; a rope of thick cum spitting forth from my pulsating cock. I was thrashing about on the bed as the intense pleasure of my orgasm coursed through every tingling nerve of my body. The delightful contractions in my groin brought more cum out of me than I could have ever imagined I was capable of. 

"AAAAAAAAAAAHHH," I moaned deeply as Sven continued to hold my arms up, smiling down at me as I squirmed and shook in pleasure beneath him. All through my spine-tingling release, he drove his cock in and out of my gripping pussy with hard long strokes. I was totally covered with sweat and panting like a runaway steam engine as my climax shook me to the very core. Finally, the last agonizing tremors ebbed away and Sven slowed down as well until he stopped with his massive thick cock buried to the hilt within me. Through half-closed eyes, I looked up at him with a look of blissful contentment on my face. 

"Happy now?" he asked as he continued to hold me pinned to the bed. 

"Oh gosh, yes," I said with a big sigh, my whole body tingling from the delicious sensations. "Wh....what about you, Sven? You haven't cum yet."

"Don't worry about me," he said as he finally let go of my hands and started to lift himself off me, "I'll cum when I'm good and ready." He slowly drew back and I felt his gigantic cock pulling out of me. I instinctively clamped down with my stretched little ring as I attempted to keep it inside me. 

"Hey......don't worry Kid, you'll get more. I just want your mouth again right now." He pulled back and I felt the wonderful tug as his broad flared knob cleared my tight sphincter. As soon as he pulled out, it felt like I was left with an aching empty void inside me. Although my backside was sore from the ravishing deep fucking he'd just given it, I felt like I needed him inside me again. I had quickly gotten used to that massive cock stretching and filling me; it was like I was incomplete inside me without it. I knew that if he wasn't going to put it back inside my needy pussy right away, I'd be equally happy with it in my mouth. 

He moved up near the top of the bed and pushed my little body further down. He grabbed one of the pillows and pushed it beneath my shoulders. As he moved behind me, I looked back up at that long hard pillar of flesh looming over me, the whole surface glistening warmly with a mixture of our bodily secretions. 
