 "BZZZZZT!..........BZZZZZZT!" I awoke to the sound of the alarm going off in Sven's room. I had slept like a log and never woke up once throughout the night. In fact, I felt like I was lying in the same position I was in when I first lay down last night. I'm not surprised I hadn't move during the night; Sven had fucked my boy-pussy and mouth repeatedly until I was totally exhausted. 

I slowly rolled over and felt my whole body aching.....but it was a good ache; like after you've exercised really hard. Not wanting to keep Sven waiting for his morning blow-job, I quickly climbed out of bed and made my way to his room. My whole groin area felt stiff and bruised, and my legs were shaky as I stepped into his room. In the dim light drifting into his room, I could see him lying on his back, the thin sheet covering his body to his waist. The sheet was tented up noticeably over his groin, his morning hard-on bobbing with each powerful beat of his heart.

"Come and get your breakfast, Kid," he said softly as he pushed the sheet down off his body. His throbbing erection seemed to draw me in magnetically, my knees hitting the bed as I crawled forward until my face was inches away from the engorged red knob. In the dim morning light, I could see the tip was already oozing pre-cum, a small glistening strand connecting the seeping red-eye with a shimmering wet spot on his abdomen. I reached forward, wrapped my little hand as far around the hot thick shaft as it would go, and pulled his rigid member away from his body. I watched enthralled as the shiny web of pre-cum stretched and grew thinner, until it finally snapped in the middle, some dropping onto his stomach, and some onto the crimson helmet of his pulsing dick. My eyes were locked onto the shimmering wet spot on his stomach and I leaned forward, hungry for a taste of his shimmering fluid.

"Mmmmmm," I purred in satisfaction as I licked up the silky juice. Once I'd cleaned off his stomach, I started at the base of his thick shaft and slowly licked my way up. When I got near the top, my tongue searched out the warm ribbon of juice that had adhered itself to the spongy membranes of his glans. I rolled my tongue slowly over his sensitive hot flesh as I let the masculine flavor of his pre-seminal liquid settle on my taste-buds. Wanting more, I drew the tip further towards my mouth, slipped my lips completely over the engorged flared crown, and started sucking enthusiastically. 

"Oh yeah, that's it, suck that dick," Sven said as I started to rhythmically bob my head up and down on his turgid boner. "What a perfect way to start the day. Just keep sucking, Kid; it won't be much longer before you get a nice creamy reward." I was stroking his thick shaft with both hands as I pumped the loose outer sheath towards my mouth. After just a few minutes, I felt his cock get that extra bit of rigidity just before orgasm. I flicked my eyes down and saw his balls drawing up in the protective sack. 

"OH YEAHHHHHHHH....." he said in a low drawn-out moan, "OH FUCK.....HERE YOU GO." His cock twitched and then I a felt a big gush as his cum erupted forcefully against the roof of my mouth. 

"Mmmmmm," I mewed in satisfaction as the silky warm cream flooded my mouth. Wanting every drop, I drew the viscous seed deep into the back of my mouth and swallowed hungrily. It felt exquisite as his warm fresh cum slithered smoothly down my throat into my welcoming stomach; basting my still raw throat with a warm soothing coating.

"KEEP GOING COCKSUCKER......GET EVERY LAST DROP," Sven said as he continued to unload into my sucking mouth. I swallowed a second, and then a third time as his spewing load filled my mouth. My jacking hands pumped back and forth along his pulsing cock as I pumped out the last few shots right onto my tongue. Finally, sensing I'd gotten as much of his precious seed out of him as I could, I slowed my milking hands and just sucked softly at the oozing tip. 

"Did ya like that, Kid?" Sven said as he lay there contentedly with his arms crossed behind his head, a soft smile of satisfaction on his face.

"Yes, a lot," I said as I slipped my lips off the tip and rubbed his warm slick cock-head all around my face. "Do...do you have a second load for me like you did yesterday?" I asked hopefully. 

"I'll have another one for you soon enough," he said as he swung his legs off the side of the bed and got up. "We've got a lot to do before you get your next mouthful. You get the showers going while I take a crap." I let him get a head start to have some privacy and then followed him into the washroom area. I turned on both shower heads and by the time they were warmed up, Sven came out of the toilet room and started washing up. I had to use the crapper too and then I joined him under the hot stinging spray. He passed me the big bar of soap and allowed me the delicious pleasure of washing his big masculine body. He had that soft satisfied smile on his face the whole time as I slavishly washed his rugged tanned body with my soapy little hands. I spent a long time on his round firm bum and heavy cock as my attending hands worshipped his powerful gorgeous body. After thoroughly cleaning his long flaccid member, I started to stroke my slippery lathered hands back and forth in anticipation of getting another load. 

"Just hold off there, Kid," Sven said as his cock started to thicken under my stroking hands. He turned and pulled his cock out of my stroking grasp, "like I said, you'll get another load soon enough. Finish getting cleaned up, and then pack some stuff to take overnight. Don't forget your enema kit." 

"Yes sir," I said with a nod as I turned into the spray from the other nozzle and started soaping myself. I hurried so Sven wouldn't have to wait for me to dry him. I turned my shower off right after he did and he stood in position as I compliantly retrieved his towel and dried him before attending to myself. He walked away once I was done and I shivered as I dried the cooling the drops off my body. 

I threw a few of my new clothes into my little suitcase while Sven was in his own room getting his stuff together. I gathered up the enema kit from the bathroom and stored it away amongst my stuff. 

"Don't forget this," Sven said as he came to the door of his room and tossed me the big jar of Vaseline. "I think we'll be going through a lot of that in the next couple of days."

"Yes sir!" I said with glee as I looked at the big smile on his face. 

"C'mon Kid, let's go," he said as he came out of his room carrying a duffel bag over his shoulder. I grabbed my battered old suitcase, jammed my favorite cap he'd given me onto my head and ran after him. We went to his truck that was parked outside and threw our bags behind the bench seat in the cab. Skipping to keep up with his long strides, I followed him over to the main house. I noticed he wasn't wearing his jeans today; he was wearing a pair of navy blue warm-up type pants with snaps down the sides; like athletes wear.

"Morning all," Sven said as we entered the house. The boys appeared to be just finishing up their breakfast as we arrived while Uncle Ben was sitting back sipping a cup of coffee reading a newspaper. Aunt Claire must have been in the kitchen.

"And it does feel like a great day, doesn't it?" Uncle Ben said as he tossed the paper aside and looked at us with a big smile on his face. I almost stopped in my tracks, taken aback by his seemingly cheery attitude; which was so unlike him. Even his own two sons looked at him with surprise on their faces. 

"It does Ben, it does," Sven replied as he sat at the table. 

"Yeah, I have the feeling we're gonna get a good price for old Rogue at that auction," Uncle Ben said as he reached forward with a fork, speared a strawberry and stuffed it into his mouth. I had never seen him so animated before; I kept looking at him, expecting the other shoe to drop, so to speak. 

"Morning Sven.....Joey," Aunt Claire greeted us as the door to the kitchen swung open and she breezed into the room carrying a couple of plates of food for us. She had a big smile on her face and my eyes were immediately drawn to another tight top she was wearing today. It was a pale yellow tank-top type that showed an ample amount of cleavage. As she leaned over to set down our plates of bacon and eggs, I saw her boys looking across the table at the upper swells of her breasts, almost threatening to spill over the front edge of her tight yellow top. I looked down and saw she was wearing a little white skirt, almost like a women's golf skirt; that ended at mid-thigh to nicely show off her firm tanned legs. 

"Thanks Claire, this looks great," Sven said as he hungrily dug into his food.

"Well, we gotta go," Brett said as he pushed his plate forward and got up from the table. He turned towards Sven and me, "Dad wants us to get an early start. That fence is gonna take a few days." I watched as Tyler got up too, both of them trying not to be obvious but I saw them both stealing surreptitious glances at their mother's big tits. 

"Yeah," Uncle Ben said, "do a good job you two. I don't want to have to come out there on this bad ankle and re-do everything." Although he was kind of giving them the gears, he still had a smile on his face. "Now have a good day out there. Make sure you take that grub your mom packed up for you."

"Ya...ya...we already got it," Brett said as they picked up a cooler they'd already set by the front door and walked out. As we heard the truck start up, Aunt Claire picked up her coffee and took a sip as she leaned against the side of the table with one hip jutting suggestively in our direction. From the corner of my eye, I saw Sven take in the view of her shapely legs as much as I was. 

"What are you wearing, Sven?" she asked as she looked down at his nylon pants. "I've never seen you wear something like that unless you were gonna be working out."

"Well, it'll be a long ride over to Springfield and I just want to be comfortable for the drive. Which reminds me; I've got a new shirt with some of those annoying tags in the back of the collar. Can I borrow that seam-ripper thing from your sewing kit?"

"Sure, it's in the drawer over there," she said, nodding to a bureau against the wall in the living room. 

"I'll grab it now before I forget," Sven said as he folded up a piece of toast and crammed it into his mouth. As he got up and ambled over to the big piece of furniture, Aunt Claire sat back down in her chair and turned partially to face me, her back angled towards Uncle Ben. 

"Joey, I'm surprised," she said in that warm lilting voice of hers, "I thought you might have come back last night for a little snack. I was already to give you a nice hot treat." I looked up at her and saw the devilish look in her eyes; we both knew exactly what kind of 'hot treat' she had in mind. And just in case there was any doubt, as she leaned forward over the table blocking Uncle Ben's view, she let her legs drift apart. As they continued to roll open, my eyes flicked down to the creamy expanse of her smooth inner thighs. I could see all the way up beneath the hem of her little white skirt to a shiny pair of white satin panties. I could even see a dark stain where the front panel was noticeably wet.

"I....uh....I....uh," I stammered, feeling my face turning red, "I went to bed kind of early. I was pretty tired."

"Oh, did you have a long hard day?" she asked as her eyes flicked over to Sven, seeming to know that I had spent the night servicing his magnificent cock. 

"Uh....yeah, I did." Yesterday, yes, it was definitely 'long', and 'hard', I thought to myself.

"Got it," Sven said as he came back to the table holding up a little plastic tool. As he slipped it into his shirt pocket and sat back in his chair, Aunt Claire quickly closed her spread legs. 

Uncle Ben started talking to Sven about the horse auction and I was happy for the interruption of Aunt Claire's questioning. It allowed me to finish my breakfast without worrying about the provocative conversation that she had started. As the two men talked, I saw her glance at me a few times with a sly look in here eyes. It seemed like she was up to something, but I couldn't figure out what. Uncle Ben was chuckling and smiling like I'd never seen before. I wondered what the heck had gotten into him. Sven and I finished our food and as he took a last slug of coffee, I downed the rest of my orange juice. 

"Well Sven," Uncle Ben said as he grabbed the pair of crutches leaning against the wall next to him and got to his feet, "let's get old Rogue in the trailer and I'll say my goodbyes. I'm gonna miss that big guy."

"Joey, could you help me clean up a bit?" Aunt Claire said as she picked up a couple of plates from the table. I quickly shot an anxious glance at Sven and he gave me a quick nod, indicating I was to do as she asked.

"Sure," I said as I grabbed some of the dirty dishes from the table. I followed her into the kitchen and the swinging door closed behind us. She set the dishes she had in the sink and did likewise with mine. 

"C'mon," she said as she grasped my arm and pulled me forcefully into laundry room off the kitchen, "they'll be a few minutes with that horse. We've got some time." She pushed me into the room and I turned towards her as she closed the door and faced me. Her face was a mask of lust, a look of wanton desire smoldering in her eyes.

"Lay down on the floor," she said as she lifted the hem of her skirt. Knowing Sven wanted me to do whatever she asked; I quickly lay down on my back and looked up at her. She reached beneath her skirt and I saw her shimmy her hips from side to side as she slipped off her panties. She stepped forward until her long shapely legs were on either side of my body. I looked up between those smooth alabaster columns to see her pink labia glistening with her juices.

"I've got something special for you, Joey," she said in a teasing voice as she lowered herself to her knees until her warm pussy was poised right over my mouth. She lifted up her skirt with one hand, then took the other and used her fingers to ease open her plump wet labia. My eyes zeroed in on her hot gooey hole and as I saw her stomach kind of flex, a gob of thick whitish fluid started to ooze forth.

"Wha.....where...?" I babbled incoherently as I looked at the wad of man-cum seeping from her bubbling cunt.

"I was really excited hoping you'd come back last night and use that pretty little mouth of yours on me again. I ended up rubbing myself off twice last night thinking about it. I woke up this morning still horny, and knowing how much you like the taste of a man's cum, I thought I'd give you a little treat as a surprise." She looked down at me with a pleased smile on her face. "So I climbed on Uncle Ben and rode him until I got off and he came inside me. I want to cum again on your mouth though, so get to work, we don't have much time." Oh, so that would explain why Uncle Ben was so cheery this morning. I guess nothing makes a man happier than a set of well-drained balls; or a mouthful of hot cum in my case.

Aunt Claire removed her fingers from her spread pussy-lips, then released her skirt until it fell down to completely cover my face. Through the thin white material, I could still clearly see those glistening lips of her steaming cunt as she leaned forward to support herself on her arms and lowered that hot little box right over my face until I could actually feel the intense heat emanating from it. 

"Now get that beautiful tongue of yours way up inside me and clean out all that cum you love so much," she said as lowered herself right onto my waiting mouth and rolled her hips in slow grinding motion against my face. Not wanting to disappoint her or Sven, I licked out with my tongue and lapped up the waiting gob of Uncle Ben's semen. It was nice and warm and the texture tasted thicker, as if he hadn't gotten off in a long time and his seminal fluid was chock-full of sperm. As I drew the initial wad further into my mouth, I let the flavor wash over my taste-buds. Besides being a little thicker, almost 'chunky', Uncle Ben's cum had its own distinct flavor, again, not better, not worse than Mr. Jarvis' or Sven's, or even Kurt's; just different. I found I really liked it. As I savored the delicious taste for a moment longer before letting the thick wad slide down my throat, I wondered what was happening to me, if something was wrong with me for enjoying the taste of my own uncle's cum.......but I knew, right now, I wanted more!

"Mmmmhhhh," I gave off a little squeal of pleasure as I enthusiastically lanced my tongue between her hot pink lips, my tongue eagerly searching for more of my uncle's warm precious seed. 

"Oh yeah, that's it. I figured you'd like that," Aunt Claire said as she pressed her bubbling cunt down harder against my face. "He shot it nice and deep inside me, so make sure you get your tongue way up in there to get it all." I plunged my tongue deep into her hot wet slit, my tongue pressing against the moist sides as I ardently searched for his succulent cum. As she had said, way inside her I felt a nice big thick wad with the tip of my tongue. I kind of slipped my tongue around it and insistently drew it back into my mouth. Yes! The sizable gob felt hot, slick and luxurious on my tongue. I rolled it around for a few seconds before swallowing and then probing for more. 

"Oh Jesus, that's good," she said with a low guttural growl and another roll of her wide womanly hips as my tongue slithered deep inside her once more. Her body was rocking back and forth as my lips and tongue pleasured her hot wet flesh. Time and again, my tongue penetrated as far up into her as I could get it, each time drawing out wads and sticky ribbons of my uncle's thick silvery seed. Her own womanly nectar was flowing freely into my mouth now too, and I found that I didn't mind it as much as I had last time. Knowing that both she and Sven would be happy with my efforts, I swirled my tongue deep inside her, the probing tip rubbing torturously all around the soft folds of flesh inside her. 

"OH FUCK......THAT'S IT....NICE AND DEEP......JUST LIKE THAT," she groaned as she tried to keep her excited voice quiet but her pleasure was escalating now at an accelerated rate. I could feel the exquisite sensual heat from her molten snatch against my face and knew from her moaning and squirming that she was close. I slipped my tongue from deep inside her and wrapped my lips around the stiff little cock-like nodule of her clit. I wrapped my lips around that erect little spire, then sucked on it at the same time as I rolled my tongue all over the hot sensitive surface of it. 

"OH FUCK........OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHH," she groaned loudly and her body started to really shake as her climax hit her like a ton of bricks. I slurped loudly at her throbbing clit as she ground her wide hips hard against my face and thrashed about like a wildcat. 

"UUUUUUNNNGGGGHHHH," she groaned loudly through gritted teeth as her powerful orgasm had every nerve-ending in her body tingling with pleasure. I felt a wash of warm liquid over my chin as her female nectar was absolutely gushing from her over-heated cunt. I kept up with my oral assault on her stiff hot clit for a long time as she moaned and groaned deeply until a final big shudder went through her mature body and I felt her let out a long deep breath of air. 

"Aaaaaaaahhhh....yessssssssss," she hissed softly as the final tingling tremors of her quivering release washed through her body. Sensing she was done, I quickly slipped my tongue down to her oozing slit and sucked and licked at her hot gooey hole. I ardently swirled my tongue all around her hot wet flesh as I drew as much of her warm cunt-honey into my mouth as I could. 

"Mmmmmmm, that's it," she purred as she rolled her wide womanly hips all around my face, "lick it all up." It was warm underneath her short skirt, but I didn't mind, it felt hot and wickedly sinful knowing I had just eaten a big load of my uncle's cum from my aunt's steaming pussy, and now I was licking up her own silky discharge. She let me softly suck and lick at her hot pink flesh for another minute before she sat back and stopped me. 
