 This never happened. Total fiction. Fake names...But REAL fantasy ;)

The scene takes place in between the first and second Fred stories...

During my time in tech school, Professor David Geladas was a strong willed, confident, intelligent, soft bodied middle aged man who commanded respect. His lightning fast wit and sarcasm were deadly weapons capable of eviscerating anyone foolish enough to try engaging him in verbal fisticuffs. I was in awe of his powers and intimidated by his intellect, and I had nothing but the utmost respect for him.

He also happened to be gay. 

I had breakfast with him in the cafeteria once and some of the other students chided me for it, but I ignored their immaturity and enjoyed our innocuous conversation. 

He lived in the West Village and was very good at pool, so one day after class he came up to me and asked me if i played pool also, and I told him I did but I wasn't very good at it. He then asked me if I wanted to meet him at a bar in The West Village that had a pool table so we could shoot and he would show me a few pointers.

I agreed, so on a Saturday night, I met him and he bought me a beer and we began shooting. The bar was mostly empty except for a few guys sitting at the bar and I could tell that it was a gay bar. That didn't matter though, because I was having a good time and Professor Geladas was showing me a lot of genuinely good pool shooting tips. 

After a couple of hours I had had a few beers and was tipsy, and I began to feel a different kind of closeness to him; he kept looking at me with this knowing expression on his face, like he had me locked in. He still had his confident demeanor though and I noticed that he had nursed one drink all evening. 

He asked me if I had any questions about tech related topics and his class in particular. I thought about it and said I did, so he proposed that we go to his apartment for an informal tutoring session. I figured that would be fine and I didn't think much of it until I noticed the bartender smiling knowingly at me as we walked out. We walked around the corner to his building and then I got another look, this time from the doorman. Then walked to the elevator, which we took in silence.

His apartment was immaculate as I expected it would be and there were papers in neat stacks on his kitchen table that he was in the process of grading. He told me to have a seat and asked me if I wanted anything but I declined and he shrugged, sat next to me, and we began going over some class work. 

His hip was pressing against mine while we sat, and the apartment was silent except for our talking. After about a half hour, he suggested we take a break and he showed me around the apartment and stopped in the bedroom. 

Then he told me to have a seat on the bed and when I did, he sat next to me and looked at me directly. He told me very frankly that he was attracted to me and that he wanted to have sex with me, but if I didn't want to that it was fine and understandable and that he would do his part to keep the whole conversation between us, but the night would be over. He also mentioned jokingly how inappropriate his proposition was considering how we were Professor and student, but in this case, it was the weekend and now we were just two adults spending time together.

I was shocked by how forward he was and by how I was suddenly attractive to gay men since my experience with Fred had happened only a few weeks prior.

After a minute of awkward silence he stood up and told me to think about it while he went to the bathroom. I figured that since I had already done this with Fred and it was actually really good, why not Professor Geladas too, so when he came back in, he asked me if I was going to stay or go.

I looked up at him and nodded, nervously saying that I would stay. He smiled and said "great!" but I quickly clarified that I wouldn't kiss him or perform oral or have it done to me, all I wanted was to be the bottom. He raised his eyebrows in surprise and chuckled but then shrugged and said "ok" and that was mostly what he had in mind anyway.

Then I told him to go to the bathroom to piss and wash up first. Once again, I had to ask myself in the mirror if this was what I really wanted to do and the alcohol plus the memory of my enjoyable experience with Fred gave me the confidence to proceed with Professor Geladas. So I washed my ass with soap and water and cleaned up down in there as much as I could, then I took a piss and went back to the bedroom.

He was sitting there on the edge of the bed waiting for me with his cheerful expression and asked "well? Are we all spic and span?" I just smirked nervously and nodded while standing in front of him. Then in a softer voice, he told me to take my clothes off and watched as I stripped.

I felt the warm air of the room all over my exposed body and I saw him staring intently at my ass as I pulled my pants down and stepped out of them. He kept his smile on his face and then told me to turn around and he chuckled when he saw my penis, which was shrunken due to nerves. 

He commented that he figured that I was just nervous and to not worry about my size, although I had some of the biggest balls he had ever seen. I felt so exposed and submissive as he ordered me around with the utmost confidence, and then he tossed me a small tube of lube and told me to prep my anus while he disrobed. 

This was different from Fred in that Fred prepped my asshole himself, but I just shrugged and squeezed a small amount onto my finger and then reached back and smeared it all over my asshole and around it while massaging some into the actual hole.

He watched as he stripped and then he stood there naked with his big pale potbelly and an erection that barely poked out from under his gut. It was rock hard though and I saw the glimmer of precum on the tip of his purplish head. 

He couldn't have been more than five inches long but it was still a thick adult penis that was about to go up my asshole, so I figured that it was more about what he was going to do than it's length.

He had that faint odor of a man which was a turnoff but it didn't matter by that point because he was, after all, a middle aged man. Then he asked me if was ready and I nodded and tried to sound confident when I said "let's do this." 

He chuckled again which made his body shake, and then he ordered me to take a pillow and stuff it under my chest while getting on all fours at the edge of the bed so that my knees were spread wide apart and my feet hung off the side. 

Then I rested my chest against the pillow while hugging it and I could tell that he was staring hungrily at my upturned ass. I curled my toes while waiting for him to mount me and I felt the air against my lubed asshole and my balls were contracted. I had my head turned to the side but then buried my chin in the pillow and stared down at the sheets when I felt the warmth of his body against the backs of my thighs and my asscheeks as he got into position to mount me.

The only sound in the room was him breathing loudly through his nose like he did in class when he gave tests. Then I heard the sound of a condom wrapper tearing and then the condom as he rolled it onto his cock, followed by the sound of him slathering it with lube. 

He was standing since I was about level with his groin but he still had to spread his feet apart slightly and I tried to arch my back and tilt my hips up as much as I could to give him as easy a target as possible, and it just felt submissive and lustful to offer up my ass to him like that. 

Then I jumped a bit when I felt his dry finger burrowing into my asshole. I bit my lip and grimaced from the friction while he sawed it in and out of my anus, pressing against the walls to soften them. 

After a minute of him prepping my hole for penetration, he pulled his sticky finger out and quietly told me to hold still while he pressed the blunt head of his penis against my ready orifice. 

With one warm clammy hand, he pressed down against the top of my pelvis just above my asscrack to keep me steady. 

My moist anus offered little resistance at first because he had worked it open and I knew from past experience how to relax. He murmured something about how much easier this was than he expected, then he asked me if I had done it before. 

I nodded tensely and he made a noise of surprise, but then he muttered "ok relax, just concentrate on letting me in now..." and I breathlessly responded "I am relaxing, professor...just...keep pushing..."

He snorted a response and pressed harder. I held still and kept my head tilted down while breathing through my open mouth, until the bottleneck In my anal canal gave way. I gasped and stiffened as I felt his shaft slide slowly into my rectum, shutting my eyes tightly and holding my breath in response to the sensation of my bowels filling with cock. 

He used a soft reassuring voice and murmured "ok ok...it's in now". He had both hands on my hips and he pulled me closer to him while he kept pressing forward and in a few seconds, I felt his gut touching the top of my cheeks and his pubes tickling them.  

Then he stopped for a moment to let me get used to the stretching fullness of his dick in my ass until he finally said "are you ready?" I nodded and closed my eyes while hugging the pillow tightly as he drew back and then pushed back in for the first thrusts. 

He felt smooth and warm in my ass and soon he was stroking in and out just deep enough for my cheeks to touch his gut and groin. There was plenty of lube from our initial preparation but there was also my own mucus which helped and made a very slight squishing sound as he churned in and out of my asshole.

He kept silent the whole time except for his distinctive nose breathing, and the room was warm and cozy but also quiet except for very faint sounds of the springs in the mattress and my occasional soft groans and panting. 

His fingernails dug into my hips as he gripped them firmly and I tried to keep my back arched just because it felt nasty and lustful. After all, here was my Professor sodomizing me and I was enjoying it so much! 

He made long deep thrusts that rubbed past my prostate as he slid back and forth within my asshole. I kept my head level with my body and my hips higher than my shoulders as he rocked me back and forth, using the mattress to add a bounce to his thrusts. 

He fucked me like that for a few more minutes, and I just kept my spine straight and my hips tilted up for him. I imagined that I must have had the posture of any one of those porn stars that I had watched over and over, being fucked in the ass in the exact position that I was in at that moment. 

The idea really turned me on and I felt my cock begin to swell a bit, just enough to dangle back and forth while my big balls bounced off of his. I was fully into what was happening, and I began to softly verbalize my lustful pleasure, "unh...unh...ohmygod...yeah do my ass professor...take my ass...uhn...uhn...oh...yeah...oh!!." All in rhythm with his thrusts.

I hugged that pillow and pressed my face into it, whimpering and panting, savoring the churning inside my now loose and soft asshole. The anal sex was smooth and easy, and he banged away at my ass, my damp cheeks peeling away from his hips each time we pulled apart, only to slap together again. 

Then he abruptly pulled out with a wet plop and I thought he was going to cum, but he just told me to move forward and get on all fours. He climbed onto the bed and got between my knees and since I'm taller than him, I had to spread them wide to get low enough for him to mount me. The bed creaked slightly as he shifted his position to get properly aligned and when he did, he slipped his cock back in my ass easily until my cheeks nestled underneath his belly and in his crotch.

I raised my head, moaned softly, and looked over my shoulder to see him staring down intently at my ass as he commenced his rhythmic thrusts. Sweat rolled down the sides of his face which was a deep red from his exertion, and the rest of his ruddy body sparkled with a light perspiration. 

I let my belly and my shoulders sag as he fucked my ass and he began to grunt and increased his pace which made my ass slap against his groin more rapidly. I panted and tilted my head back, breathlessly whimpering, "oooohhh YESSS...this feels sooo gooodd professor...keep fucking my ass...oh!...uhn...uhn..." My balls felt moist from the secretions running down around them, and I felt his own sac tapping against mine occasionally. 

He then leaned forward, his damp gut pressing against my lower back, and forced me down on my belly with my knees spread apart like a frog. He planted his hands near my elbows which were supporting my elevated head and shoulders. Then he slowed down his pace and began grinding against my ass, pinning me down into the mattress. 

He was heavier than me and his weight pressed his cock into my rectum as deeply as it could go and I felt his damp pubes scratching against my asscheeks. 

The sex we were having was turning out to be very enjoyable for the both of us. at least I assumed that he felt the same way because he rested his sweaty chin against my shoulder and spoke softly into my ear "so you like being fucked in the ass by your professor, eh?" 

I responded with a breathy groan "YESSS...keep fucking my ass, Professor..." he licked my ear and said "as you wish" and then began raising and lowering his hips, pistoning in and out of my asshole while slamming my hips down into the mattress with each thrust.

He deep hard pistoning practically knocked the wind out of me and I found myself gasping for breath as he impaled my asshole over and over. My back was soaked from our mingling perspiration, and it actually splashed a bit as our bodies smacked together. 

The fucking he was giving me made me feel like I was experiencing the true meaning of "bottoming" because I was beneath him and he was on top of me, physically and psychologically.

By this point we had been going at it for at least twenty minutes, he was breathing loudly through his nose and I could tell he was beginning to get tired. He raised up and held my hips, so I grabbed the pillow and stuffed it under my hips, which pushed my hips up and gave him the best angle of entry and the best view of his cock penetrating my asshole.

Then he devoted the last of his energy into pumping my ass with quick thrusts so that my asscheeks rippled against his gut. In between grunts he muttered "you want me to cum in your ass?" I laid in my favorite position; prone with my arms tucked close to my body and my head facing one direction while I gazed off unfocused, concentrating on his dick in my ass. 

I breathlessly responded "yeah cum in my ass, professor..." He said "ok here it...comes..." then I felt his cock pulse inside my rectum and his body tremble. He then grunted loudly in time with his pulsating orgasm, then began slowing down and grinding his hips against my cheeks. 

He pulled out and laid on his side, red from exertion and breathing heavily as he wiped sweat off his face. My bowels felt empty and my asshole felt wet, loose, and achy after being occupied for so long, and I saw his condom full of cum as his cock shrunk down. 

After he caught his breath, he rolled onto his side and said how impressed he was with my enthusiasm and that I'd make a fine gay man, but I just laughed and shook my head and told him that I wasn't attracted to men at all but I loved getting fucked in the ass. 

He shrugged and said "who am I to argue with that??" Then we shook hands and he offered me the chance to stay the night, but I declined because at that point I just wanted to go home, jerk off, and relax in my own apartment.

I did ask him if I could take a shower before going home, and he just shrugged waved me off to the shower and then told me to let myself out. He thanked me for what we did together and shook hands again, promising to keep it our secret since if anyone found out, both our lives would be ruined. 

Then he smiled humorously and said "see you in class..." and closed the door to his bedroom. I showered and washed myself, then I got dressed and slipped out the front door and made sure it locked when I closed it. 

As I walked through the lobby, the doorman smirked at me and shook his head. I just nodded and walked towards the subway.