 Being a bottom myself, I had never looked at anyone, but tops. My new friend, Shawn, had me feeling some kind of way. It was weird, because he was also a bottom, but there was something about him that turned me on. He wasn't real masculine, nor did he ever come onto me. Shawn was definitely not someone that I would look twice at. 

I mean, he's cute, but not my type. I had no idea why I was feeling him so. We were both pretty similar when it came to looks. Both of us are around 5'9, about 170lbs, full lips, peanut butter complexions, and asses so fat that a top would kill for. It wasn't that I wanted him to fuck me, per se, but I did wanna fuck around with him. 

One night, we were stuck in the house because of a snow storm, so we decided to chill & watch some movies at his place. Shawn got undressed and was walking around in nothing but a beater & boxer briefs. Damn, he had a fat ass. 

Even though I was a bottom, I always had been curious about eating ass. None of the dudes that I fucked with let me do it, so it was always a fantasy of mines. I so wanted something to go down, but didn't really know how to approach him. I just decided to go with the flow and whatever happens, happens.

"Sam, why are you still dressed? You might as well get comfortable. The roads won't be clear until late tomorrow morning."

"But, I don't have anything to change into."

"So what? Just walk around in your draws. We cool, I don't care. You ain't got to worry about me trying to tap that ass."

"Um, aight."

I got undressed, and only had on briefs & a t-shirt. I tried to hide the hard on that I was getting from watching Shawn walk around the house and that booty jiggling. The longer that I sat there, the hornier that I got, so I decided to see if I could get something started.

"Shawn, have you ever fucked around with another bottom?"

"No, I haven't. It's not that I wouldn't, but I guess that there hasn't been any that caught my attention. A lot of dudes walk around saying that they wouldn't dyke, but if the bottom was sexy enough, I would fuck around."

"Who would fuck who?"

"I don't really think that either of us would fuck the other. Probably would be just a hot ass oral session. Some kissing & grinding, too."

I noticed that Shawn's dick was getting hard, so I went over to him and pulled it out. Damn, for him to be a bottom, this nigga sure was packing! That dick had to be at least 10 inches! It should be a crime not to be using all that meat to please somebody. 

I kissed the head, then took as much of it down as I could. Shawn's eyes rolled into the back of his head as he forced me down onto his pipe. My lips touched his pubic hairs, and then I came back up. 

We looked into each other's eyes and passionately kissed. He took the rest of his clothes off and laid me on my back. I shuddered as he went down on me. It had been so long since I had gotten head, that the feeling was kind of new to me. Shawn deep-throated my thick 8 inches, making it sopping wet. He used his spit to jack me off while he licked & sucked on my balls. 

Before I knew it, my legs were going in the air, and Shawn's wide tongue was deep inside of me. Shit, this was some bomb ass head! He flipped me over and started to fuck my face hard. I choked on his big dick, which made my asshole twitch. 

I took his wet meat out of my mouth and started to eat his ass. There is nothing hotter than an ass eating 69. It was like a contest to see who could get as much tongue up the other's ass. Both of our holes were dripping, so Shawn disappeared into his room. 

I was wondering what was taking him so long, but then he came back with a double head dildo. Shawn spit on my asshole and lubed it up, and then slid the fat dildo head inside of me. It felt as if a huge fire had been put out in my ass. My booty got juicy as he started to fuck me with the dildo. He went to the other side and slid it in himself. This had to be some of the freakiest shit that I had ever done. 

We both relaxed ourselves, and then went to work. We were both on our knees and started to back it up. Our fat asses were bouncing off of each other as we got fucked by the fake dick. The both of us started jacking off and not long after, nut shot everywhere. 

It was the best orgasm that I have ever had. Shawn wasn't done yet. He ate me out again, and fucked me with the dildo while I sucked his dick. To have my mouth & ass filled at the same time cause me to have my first anal orgasm! Shawn pulled the dildo out of my ass and sucked it clean. 

We cleaned up and fell asleep in each other's arms. Never in a million years did I think that the best sex of my life would come from another bottom, but it was....