 Daddy Dom Tom is a tall man at 6'3". He is not a muscle head, but he keeps fit. Thick and solid... and hairy... everywhere. Keeping his black hair short, in a flat top cut, it had just the slightest hint of grey speckled throughout, just like his short cut, broad goatee He is of Latin decent so he had a beautiful olive tone to his skin that I thought contrasted amazingly against my Irish pale skin. He is a professional businessman, but his light Texas drawl and charming manner relaxed and put you under his spell. You just wanted to make him happy; Everyone did. That was part of what made him so successful. 

Tom came from rural Texas and so he kept his home there... well, he kept a ranch there. He had cattle and horses and a few chickens and a paid a couple local men to watch things for him while he was working his day job (or sneaking away for a weekend with a new boy...me). 

After talking to this dom online for several months we finally agreed to meet up. Amazingly and conveniently, he only lived about an hour away. Even more amazingly, our ideas about bondage, domination, and sex were very much in synch. That is the hardest part about being a submissive for me. Finding a man that is a sexual dominant/top with a focused appetite for ass, but an equal in life, has been nearly impossible for me. That is, until I met Tom. We had never even talked about what I should call him. And then after we met this weekend, "Daddy" just sort of fit.

It was Sunday morning, getting close to noon. Gates was gone and my head was reeling. It had been a whirlwind weekend of non-stop fantasy sex. I did not know how long Daddy planned on hanging out with me before heading home, but I didn't want him to leave... I didn't want this weekend or entire experience to end. I was tidying up after our fun with company last night, and Daddy was helping out. Such a gentleman... He also kept making me drink water, "to re-hydrate," after the past couple of days activities. I noticed he was drinking down the water by the glass full himself. He must have been dried out. I mean, I lost count of how many orgasm he had since he got here Friday night.

He started to organize his "toy bag" and that made me a little sad, thinking he might be ready to leave. When he saw the look in my eyes, he gave that sweet chuckle and held me close. "I'm not going yet boy... but I will have to at some point. And you need to be a good boy and not make this too hard for Daddy. Why don't you go take a long shower while I finish this. And after I shower, I will give you your reward."

My clit cage jumped at his words. So I scampered off to the shower as he finished packing. When I got out, I was surprised to see a black rubber sheet spread across my bed with ropes attached to the four bed posts and restraints at the end of them. I was pleasantly surprised. It looked like he planed on tying me down for another session of fun before he left... that gave me a lot of fun naughty thoughts and perked my disposition right up. Now, I was pacing with anticipation as he took his turn in the shower, I could not wait to get started.

He stepped out of my bathroom in just a towel. Well, holding a towel... damn he was so sexy standing there still half wet. He motioned to me over. "Finish toweling me off boy," he directed. "We'll get started in a few minutes." He looked at me with sincerity in his deep brown eyes. "You have been so good this weekend! Better than I could have hoped for. So Daddy is going to give you something I have not given any one in a very long time... Control!"

He let the words hang there. I stopped drying him off and stood back in front of him searching his eyes for meaning. I am not a top or a dominant. What does he mean control? I was confused. I loved his sexual power and did not want to dominate him. A malicious twinkle started in his eye and soon his wry smile left me more intrigued than confused. 

"Boy, I am going to let you restrain me. With the purpose of edging your Daddy! I want you to bring me to the edge by any means at your disposal. You have gotten to know me online over the past few months, and more intimately this weekend. So I am charging you with the following. Keep me edged for as long as you can... however you can. Excite me, stroke me, suck me, ride me... keep me hard and close." Daddy spoke quietly with a tremor of excitement as he held my shoulders firmly in his hands. Staring back into my eyes, communicating his trust in me. Giving me control of his orgasm, as he has kept mine locked all weekend... still. "Does that excite you boy?" He asked and I nodded slowly. "Do you have any questions for me boy?"

"Yes Daddy," I rushed, "what are the limits? Can I use toys or devices? How long can I keep you bound?" My eagerness surprising us both. 

He replied thoughtfully, "You know what excites me. If we have not talked about it, then it would probably be best to stay away from it. Any toys that either of us have here are available to you... IF you know they would excite me. I need to be home by midnight. So we can say you can keep me bound till 10 pm. But I doubt you can edge me for 10 hours. So realistically, we are looking at a couple hours at most. Any other questions?" 

My thoughts were racing. This was something completely new and exciting. He was very good at surprising me with new experiences already. I just wanted to please him... make him happy... give him an amazing experience just as he has done for me. So I asked, "just one Daddy... Would you allow me to gag you?"

A big smile spread across his face and he cocked his head. "Trying to surprise me now, are you boy? Yes, I will allow you to gag me... But this is pushing it." he cautioned, seriously, but with a warm smile. That Texas charm hypnotizing again...

I had to snap myself out of it and get started. "So, shall we?" I asked him and motioned to the bed. He lay down in the middle of the restraints. The sight of his hairy solid body in motion sent shivers through my own and caused a huge dollop of precum to leak out of my caged clit and right into the carpet. "I am going to have to clean these carpets. I've leaked on every floor and surface in this house at some point this weekend." I commented, which made us both laugh, and eased the awkward tension hanging in the air.

I cuffed him into the restraints and made sure he was comfortable but his movements limited. He was not hard, but had a beautiful chubby... so I grabbed a red rubber cock ring, placed it around his shaft and balls, and climbed on top of it. Making sure my swollen cunt rested on his fat meat. I leaned over and let my lips graze across his. They parted and his tongue darted out. I sucked on it before letting my lips continue exploring his face, his eyes, around to his ears. Then they were drawn to his arm pits. 

Those hairy recesses spread open for me, due to his restrained limbs. I could not resist. I kissed his right pit. My lips parting the thick mat of hair I found there. Even after a shower, I could still smell his manly musk. Not strong, and not an unpleasant; It was like a pheromone, and it was intoxicating. My tongue stretched out of its own accord. Wetting the hair and tasting the skin. Devouring his musk and his unique scent. I drew back just a little. His towel was lying there beside him, and I chuckled to myself as I saw... I had drooled so much in his pit, that it was soaked with my spittle. I grabbed the towel and dabbed his pit dry. He grinned just enjoying my attention. So I dove into the other pit and inhaled his scent again before lapping it up. 

I started to feel a pressing against my pussy lips. His growing cock bobbed up and down tapping my cunt as if it were knocking on the door to be let inside. Good, I thought, he is enjoying this, and we are barely even getting started. I bounced gently up and down on top of him as I continued to tease his pits. Letting my hole tease his cock head at the same time.

I flipped around and pushed those engorged pussy lips in his face. Giving him access to that sweet pussy he has used and abused all weekend. I hovered just above his mouth, just out of reach of his tongue, but close enough I could feel his breath on my hole. It gave life to my cunt and it pulsed in excitement, winking encouragingly at him. I heard him moan a little in frustration as he strained to taste it. And I saw a diamond of precum appear at the slit in his cock head. I leaned over and let the tip of my tongue draw it off without touching him. I heard him moan again. So I lowered my ass onto his face.

He greedily lapped at my hole. The flat of his tongue licking, from my taint and over my hole to the shallow crack up my ass. He paused over my hole and let my pulsing twat kiss his tongue. So he furled his tongue tight and pierced my pink pucker with it. I opened up and let him in deep. I was getting so into it I almost did not notice his moans had turned into slightly panicked cries, muffled by my thick ass. I was smothering him. I popped my ass up and he inhaled deeply, quickly, before asking me to give him more of my ass. So I lowered back onto his eager mouth and he returned to tongue fucking my well used cunt.

A full stream of precum was now running down the side of his shaft. So I licked it up and he shivered a little. I let out a breath of hot air on his wet cock and elicited a moan from him... which felt so good on my hole. I teased his cock, now with my tongue. Licking the head, and then the shaft. Moving down to his balls, which would jump and dance at my touch. His cock just got harder and harder, and would produce little globs of precum in anticipation of more to come. I used my hand to slick his cock down with his latest drool. And lightly stroked him... almost a tickle rather than a stroke. The skin of my hand just barely grazing the skin of his precum wet cock. It pulsated and strained. He moaned and I thought he started to say please, but stopped himself. I continued to torturously tease his cock with my light strokes.

My fingers traced a circle under his glans and his body tensed with the sensation. A light stroke up and down the underside of his cock. Then letting my palm graze his crystal wet piss slit and massage the head gently round and round. I gripped the base of his cock adding to the restriction of the cock ring. His tool grew an angry red, almost purple. I gave it the smallest of strokes, maintaining my grip. He moaned at the attention. I let out another breath on the drying smeared pre causing a cooling sensation on the head. I changed my grip so that both my hands were lightly wrapped around the length of his rod, and I began to stroke. All the way up and all the way down. A steady constant stroke, not too fast, not too slow. Pulling more precum out of his throbbing hard on. My asshole opening and closing on his lips in a delicious make-out session. Then I repeated the routine several more times. Each time the tension in his tool getting higher and higher. The color getting angrier and angrier. His orgasm getting closer and closer.

"Looks like you need a little break." I said to him as innocently as possible. He laughed and I knew he would have swatted my ass hard if he had been free. I moved off of him and nestled my body between his spread tied legs. I just stared for a bit at his insanely sexy crotch. I love the site of a man's open crotch. You can see where all of the best and private bits of a man come together. The essence of his manhood. His muscular thighs meeting his taint. The crack of his ass showing just a hint of the slight dark pink of his hole peaking out at me. His heavy ball sac laying across the top of his taint. And then his fat 9" dream dick...

Daddy's cock was standing erect now, pointing toward his head, but so encouraged it was not laying down against his stomach, but bouncing in the air as if levitating. I had grabbed a leather strap and wrapped his balls with it. He kept his crotch hair clipped so it was longer than stubble but not so long as to get pulled by the leather as I tightened it on him. "Don't want you to cum too easily now Daddy. The extra restriction will make it harder for the cum to flow," I informed him as I tied it off. 

I took my time with him, laying there between his legs. I ran my fingers lightly up his thighs and across his taint, now exposed for me thanks to the cock ring and leather strap pushing his scrotum up and out. Caressing his skin and raising goosebumps on his flesh. Sometimes only brushing the hair on his skin. He was so inviting. It was almost torture to myself to go so slowly. I just wanted to devour him, sexually of course.

I grabbed his rigid cock in one hand and pushed his balls up with the other. I nuzzled my face into the inviting flesh beneath his nuts. Sniffing his scent, it was warm, with a hint of piss and sweat. Even freshly washed, there was still something dark and full bodied about his musk. I drank it in, the site, the smell... the taste. So I licked, or rather I bathed his taint with my tongue. Lapping his private regions and bonding with him in an incredibly intimate way. I stroked his cock slowly as I pushed my tongue against his prostate via his taint. He growled his pleasure and bucked a little. The motion exposed his Daddy hole to me a little more, and I wasted no time in exploring it with my tongue. 

I darted my tongue in and of his crevasse. I could barely reach his hole with my tongue. And he would clench his ass cheeks mischievously and pinch my tongue... and my nose. I gripped harder on his cock and he would release. We teased each other like this for a while. I love eating a mans ass. It's an amazing intimacy! Our tête-à-tête gave me greater access to his moist manhole. I tongued it greedily. Licking and lapping, slurping and tongue fucking his tight pucker. I maintained my grip on his cock and continued stroking it. Daddy was spewing precum now and already breathing hard. I felt his body tensing. I continued my tongue assault on his ass as I sped up my stroke on his cock, using his own precum as lube.

Then his body went rigid, and his breathing shallowed. I knew his balls were boiling and he was ready to jet his load. I released his cock and withdrew my tongue from his ass, resulting in a loud moan... pleadingly, almost a howl. I had taken him to the very edge this time. He was ready to blow and I barely withdrew in time to deny him the release.

"AARRGGHH, Fuck boy!! Fuck fuck fuck!" Daddy growled at me, frustrated. 

"Well, Daddy. This IS what you asked for." I reminded him.

I climbed off the bed and rummaged through his toy bag, his very well organized toy bag. I found an interesting gag, I thought I had seen earlier in the weekend when he was pulling out some rope and things. I saw a couple of vibrating eggs and grabbed those. Oh, nipple clamps... I know Daddy loves his nipples played with, so I'll need those too. Hmmm, what else. Ah, yes, my Sonicare toothbrush.

"Boy... BOY!" Daddy was trying to get my attention. I stood up and turned to look at him. He was covered in a light sheen of sweat, glistening through his fur. Damn, how sexy I thought. "Daddy's gotta piss. Let me up for a minute."

"Sorry Daddy. The negotiation was that you stayed bound until you shoot. We have barely been at it for an hour. You agreed to 2 hours at a minimum. So... you will have to hold it... or, since you put the rubber sheet on the bed... piss yourself Daddy." I taunted him. I tried to refresh his memory of what his directions to me were.

"Fuck boy! Don't push it."

"Don't you enjoy piss play Daddy?" I asked, knowing the answer. He did not reply. His expression was not one of anger, or even of frustration. Just pure need; I saw it in his eyes, he needed something. But it was something he could not even articulate at the moment. He wanted to piss, but he knew he did not need to be released. He needed to trust me. He needed me to control the situation. He needed... a very. good. boy!

"It's ok Daddy. Just enjoy it. Just enjoy this extension of our incredible weekend. Feel the pressure of your bladder... mingling with the need for sexual release. The agonizing desire growing in your balls. The hunger in your cock for my pussy! You want me Daddy. You want me to control your orgasm. And hold you from giving in to your own desire... till your body and your desire, overcome your thought. Let me turn Daddy into the animal of desire you long to release. You fear that animal inside you. That's why you are restrained. That is why you have given me control. So you can release the animal, controlled, safely." I whispered in a husky sexy voice.

I was sitting on top of him again now. Rubbing his furry chest. I toweled off the sweat, now that he had cooled back down. Then I grabbed the nipple clamps. I placed them on each nipple and tightened them down. Not enough to cause pain, but enough to ensure that he knew they were there and would not come loose with a little nudge or tug.

"Now Daddy, I know you have to piss, but its been a bit since you have had anything to drink." I told him, as I reached for a bottle of water next to the bed. 

"No boy!" He protested and turned his head to the side. 

"Come on Daddy. You need to stay hydrated." I gently pulled at his head and he turned back up and opened his mouth. I gave him a couple of drinks but he would not take much. I really just wanted to put as much pressure as I could on his bladder. If he is anything like me, a full bladder makes him all the more desperate to cum.

Next I took the vibrating eggs and secured them above and below his ball sack, tucking them in the cock ring. One was vibrating against his prostate through his taint. The other was vibrating the base of his cock and he began to moan again. I took my time with each administration. Letting him fully absorb each new sensation. Finally, it was time for the gag. A very interesting one, that I doubted was ever used on him in any sense. One side was a ball gag for the restrained. The other was a medium sized dildo. 

I placed the gag into his mouth and secured it to his head. Then I leaned down and swallowed the dildo end to the hilt. It must have looked like we were making out with only a leather strap between our mouths. His eyes were wide with surprise, amusement, and I dare say a little pride at my ingenuity. I pulled off the dildo, and whispered, "Are you ready Daddy?" He bobbed his head up and down in the affirmative.

So I slobbered a big wad of saliva on the wet dildo and flipped around. I slowly dropped my ass down on the dildo. It gave Daddy a very intimate view of my hole doing what it does best. My ass lips consumed and gripped the toy cock as I rode it up and down on Daddy's face. I looked at his cock and he was leaking so much I could not tell if it was piss or precum. So I decided to taste it. It was precum. With the dildo gag in my ass right on Daddy's face, I sucked his cock. This time, it did not take long at all for Daddy to reach the edge. All the machinations were sending him into sensory overload. As he would get close, I would pull off his cock and just sit there long enough for the the tension to break, then I would go right back to it, and within seconds he would be back on the edge. Again and again I brought him to the brink without giving him release. He moaned into the gag, pleading. We were starting to approach the 2 hour mark. I let him cool down a little longer this time. A few minutes. 

Then I gave him a nice slow blow job as I pulled my ass up and down on the dildo gag. I noticed my own dicklit had leaked a thick puddle of precum on Daddy's chest and it was running down his neck and shoulders. It looked like a doughnut being glazed... a hairy man glazed long john. 

Daddy writhed in pleasure and agony as I slowly sucked his incredibly hard cock. I watched the clock out of the corner of my eye. As the two hour mark hit, I pulled out the toothbrush and turned it on. As I sucked on the head of his cock like it was the biggest straw in the world containing the thickest milkshake in the world, as I placed the vibrating toothbrush just under his glans. He screamed into the gag and shot volley after volley into my mouth. He ejaculated so hard, I swear it stung the inside of my throat as it struck. He shook a little and it scared me. I almost thought he was seizing. I jumped off the dildo and turned to face him, but there was just relief in his eyes, and a growing smile. 
