 Chapter Seventeen - All That Matters

Aron had made him walk into the house in nothing but his sneakers, commenting something on how nice he looked with jizz pouring down from his ass, and he had had to just take the guy's word for it.

Now, under the hot spray of the shower, and Aron's wandering hands, he was starting to doubt whether the fact that he had given in like a whore was for the best or the worst. 

Points in favor of this being the best thing ever:

1. He could not remember having come as hard as he had just done.

2. Aron was ah-mazing, like a fucking ah-mazing lover, knowing where and when to touch.

3. He had fucked the tightest thing ever, aka his best friend's backdoor; that was the kind of thing to write down in a diary, under 'best places to visit before you die'.

4. Did he mention that Aron really knew how to make a grown man discover he had nipples?

Hmm, he could not continue this list. There were going to be way too many up points, and listing the downsides was going to become somewhat irrelevant.

So, points in favor of this being the worst thing ever:

1. He, Carter Malis, was going to burn in hell for all eternity, for basically tricking his best friend.

2. Aron was not fucking him, he was fucking his husband, and Carter was nothing but a place holder.

All right, he was just going to stop there. Aron was starting to use his tongue in very interesting ways and he could not focus anymore. 

"Hmm," he purred against his better judgment.

"Hmm, indeed," Aron chuckled into his ear. "So all I had to do was to leave for a few days so you could realize you miss me?"

"Wow, look who's got an ego the size of a planet," Carter leaned against Aron, shuddering as the guy's hands went down his flanks, and not because he was ticklish, although he usually was. 

"You like things that are big about me," Aron sent another jolt of pleasure down his back with a new swipe of the tongue right into his ear.

"Yeah, right," Carter snorted, trying to reign in his growing arousal.

Which was a rather hard thing to do since Aron's hands descended right on his cock.

"Ready for another round?" Aron asked.

Carter wasn't the only one, at least. He could feel the guy's erection against the small of his back. How come he suddenly craved cock of all things? Well, not so suddenly, and not just any cock, but still.

He wanted to have that particular cock up his ass again, and he must have been fucking mental because he could feel his backside still throbbing from the previous session. All right, maybe he needed to back down a little here.

Aron gave his cock a friendly tug. Nope, he was good. Definitely good to go like right now.

"Let me wash you properly first," Aron spoke.

What? He must have made a small disappointed sound, and Aron had the universal translator installed in his brain because the guy's hands became a bit hasty while soaping his back and his ass.

"Bed?" he asked as soon as Aron was finished.

Great, now he could only communicate through grunts and one-word phrases. At least Aron wasn't bothered by his diminished vocabulary. He stole a look at the guy's face, and he understood why. He wasn't the only one who wanted to take this to the bedroom.

They landed on the fluffy sheets, a tangle of limbs. Aron was kissing him again, and this time Carter was determined to show the guy he knew a few tricks, too. He used his tongue to fight back, and soon enough, there was a battle of inch for inch between their mouths. 

"Wow, baby, so assertive," Aron chuckled.

"Shut up, you ass, I told you not to call me baby," he protested and stuck out his tongue to lick Aron's lips.

"You don't fool me," Aron responded in kind, sucking Carter's tongue into his mouth with a loud, wet sound. "You love being called baby. You said you like how I'm spoiling you, calling you sweet nicknames ..."

"Ugh, but baby? Sounds so cheesy," he complained and leaned in for another kiss.

"Nope, sorry, but you're stuck with it. But I'll make an exception today since you're so horny and so adamant about asking things. I won't call you baby. But tell me what else you want."

Carter looked at the man's mouth, annoyed that he was denied another kiss, as Aron was keeping him a bit away, for the sake of blabbering away.

"I want you to get busy with that mouth, and I want to get busy with mine," he said promptly.

"Ah, why didn't you say so?" Aron said joyously.

Talking about misunderstandings. Aron flipped him with ease and manipulated his body until Carter was practically facing the guy's dick. Excellent, he commented in his head, with not a drop of humor, but, if he was to think about it ...

Hmm, that ... He actually wanted that. He grabbed Aron's erection with both hands and stuffed his mouth with it in one go.

A quick slap on his butt almost made him take a bite out of that delicious cock.

"What the fuck was that for?" he bristled and turned just enough to stare over his shoulder at Aron.

The jerk seemed amused.

"Nothing. You just got me in the mood for spanking your lovely ass a little."

"How dare you?" he frowned and now he was pretty much in the mood to fight.

But Aron chose to give him a meaningful look and then simply sink his teeth into one pert buttock. Carter jerked at the contact of teeth with his skin. Was he fucked up in the head, for real? Just anything Aron did made his cock twitch now? 

He felt like howling as Aron let go of his buttock to push his tongue quick inside his ass. The way Aron knew how to rim him good was just everything. He licked his lips and turned back to the task at hand. The only thing he hoped for was that his ass was just as delicious as the cock he was planning to savor right away. 

Wow, why on earth did sucking a dick had to feel so damn nice? He liked it that Aron's cock was so big, it gave him a sense of satisfaction that he could fill his mouth with it. The sounds he was making, slurping and sucking, had to be pretty much obscene, and his mind was like a pendulum between the jolts of pleasure rooting in his ass, where Aron's tongue was doing freakishly awesome things, and the bouts of ecstasy given by the precum he could taste from that engorged mushroom he was savoring on the other end.

"C'mon, I need to fuck you," Aron whispered and slapped his ass again.

Again with that. But he could not deny it felt good, even if his buttock was burning a little. The least Aron could do was to hit the other butt cheek once in a while.

"I have two of them, you know?" he said out loud.

"Two of what?" Aron asked, confused.

"These," Carter explained, planting his palms on his ass cheeks and making his point.

Aron laughed. 

"I know. And they are both perfect."

Better than Carter's real ass? The question was on his tongue, but he could not say it. He had learned his lesson all right.

Aron didn't allow him too much time to overthink things. Plastering him against the bed, the guy was crushing him a little. This kind of sensation, of being overpowered so easily should have scared him, but he felt no fear, because this was Aron, and he had always been this awesome guy who could do no wrong, so there was really nothing to be scared of ...

Except maybe for a giant thing knocking at his ass door. He whimpered, despite himself.

"Hush, hush, I'm taking care of things right now," Aron promised. "Don't go anywhere," he blew hot air over Carter's ear.

He wasn't going anywhere. It wasn't like he had a choice anymore. That boat had sailed when he had just decided that he wanted to be fucked in the ass by his best friend, regardless of whatever his muddled brain was trying to tell him. He was going to burn in hell for it, that was certain, but he could deal with perpetual doom in exchange of having Aron, even only for a little bit.

Aron lay next to him, and for seconds, they stared into each other's eyes. Carter could feel his butthole being treated nicely to a lot of lube, and, this time, Aron was taking a bit of more time to do it, although Carter could swear he was a bit looser, so not that much in need of preparation.

"I missed you," Aron said in a heartbeat and leaned in for a kiss, as his fingers slid deeper inside Carter's ass.

"I missed you, too," Carter mumbled, as Aron moved to climb on top of him.

Aron had no idea just how much.

His fingers clasped on wrinkles of sheets as Aron wormed his way inside him. It was like an invasion, powerful and overwhelming, and Carter just bucked his hips upward, more than willing to allow it.

Aron was pressing him down, and now kissing him on the back of his neck, sending small jolts of pleasure down to the furthest of his nerve endings.

"Can I do it harder?" Aron asked and Carter just mumbled a reply.

He gasped at the first thrust. But Aron clearly knew what he was doing. And Carter had to admit that each move was making him want nothing but to meet the guy back with a counterattack, as his hips seemed to move on their own accord. The sound of flesh slapping on flesh was making him think of porn, the good kind in which you could tell the actors on the screen actually enjoyed their act.

He wished he could see that, Aron in the act of fucking.

"Do we have a mirror?" he asked, in between moans.

"A mirror?" Aron asked, taken by surprise. "Why?"

"I want to see," Carter replied.

"Hmm, look who's a little kinky," Aron chuckled, but he pushed himself back and took Carter with him.

They walked in front of a full-size mirror in the corner. Carter wondered how he didn't see it before, but probably it had been because he was always such a scattered brain.

Aron took him in his arms, lifting him off the ground. Carter could have a good look in the mirror, as they were parallel to it. 

"Hmm, are you sure?" he asked, as Aron grabbed him in his strong arms, lifting him off the ground. "I've only seen this in porn movies."

"Hmm," was the only reply from Aron who managed, with pinpoint accuracy, to find his opening and fill it quickly with cock.

"Nghh," it was his turn to moan, as his entire body felt impaled on his best friend's fantastic dick.

Aron was a master of sex, Carter thought, feeling a bit dizzy, and trembling with each move that was making him raise a little only to slide down on the other's erection. It was pretty much like he was a toy, but he didn't mind being treated like one at all. No, certainly not, he loved it, and he wanted nothing more right now than to be Aron's personal cock sleeve.

Plus, he could watch everything in the mirror, marveling at how Aron's cock was going in and out, fucking, yeah definitely that was the word, fucking his brains out, while sweat was flowing between them, making their bodies sleek.

He inhaled Aron's manly scent. Was it possible to take things like that and store them away? He wanted to have a taste, too, so he used his legs as they were wrapped around Aron to push himself up enough so he could sink his teeth into a sweaty shoulder. Aron grunted in response, but more in acquiescence rather than pain or displeasure. 

Carter could feel his cock pressed between their bodies, the friction increasing, but not enough. The cock in his ass had to do, and hell if it wasn't doing that, because his teeth just clamped harder on Aron's shoulder and he just let go because he couldn't keep it in anymore, and there was no time to meditate what the fuck could mean that he only needed his ass pounded like that and he could come like a hose.

Aron let him down to the floor and pushed him gently away only to look between their bodies and laugh at how Carter's cum was just all over them.

"Damn, baby," Aron said.

"No baby," he protested, but his voice was feeble and it wasn't like he could make a point right now and offer Aron 45 reasons why that term of endearment was stale like three-day bread.

"Come on, on your fours," Aron commanded and started to push him down.

"Um?"

"I might have managed a record by making you come in that position, but I don't think I'm capable of another one. Come, come, ass up."

Aron was so much stronger than his real husband's body that is was almost funny. In a way, Carter could feel like he could sympathize with Alex and his hissy fits, but he was way too high after coming, to care for real.

Aron was pressing him down, and it was a good thing that his ass was so tender now, because there was almost no resistance when the guy sank his cock into Carter's backside. 

Ah, damn, he barely managed to say in his own head. He was going to have burns on his knees after this. The carpet was plush enough, but still, Aron was a vigorous beast and he was doing nothing by half. The guy's large hands were keeping his hips in place while Aron was fucking him like he was competing for some prize. 

And that was not even the worst part. He could feel an itch growing inside him with the other man's thrusts and he was so damn raw from coming just minutes earlier that he had no idea what to make of that sensation.

"Ah, fuck," he expressed his frustration, and Aron must have misunderstood because he just sped up, making the sensation grow in intensity.

Was it really possible for him to come again so fast? It was frigging unlikely, and thank heavens for small mercies, because now Aron was coming hard into his ass, keeping him there, and filling him, while groaning in what Carter could only interpret as pure delight.

He slid on one side when Aron finally let him go. The guy's hand was quick on his cock.

"Wow, you're almost hard again," Aron spoke, and Carter just waved.

He did not have it in him to protest as Aron dragged him from the floor and turned him with his back to the mirror.

"Did you want to see, baby?"

Carter mumbled something, but Aron made his head turn to look over his shoulder. It was pretty weird to stare at his ass, while Aron was kneading both cheeks, pulling them apart. All right, that looked like a well-fucked hole, and Aron had every reason in the universe to be proud of his load. 

"No, no," he finally decided to express his position, when Aron's fingers began pushing against the tender flesh.

"Yes, yes," Aron replied and dropped to his knees to take Carter in his mouth like he was dealing with a lollipop.

There was no way he could stand up for himself right now. Hell, he could barely stand up. Luckily, Aron was keeping him in place, one hand planted firmly around a hip bone, the other sinking fingers into Carter's abused ass, while he was bobbing his head to and fro, and giving Carter another of his deluxe blowjobs.

"Fuck," he said, and he was surprised at how he sounded like his voice was nothing but a hoarse whisper.

Ready or not, he was losing more than just his voice, and that had to be his sanity going down the drain because there was no other thing he could do but grab Aron's by his short hair while he was coming again.

There were perks to having such a strong husband because he didn't have to walk to bed.

"Hey," Aron called from above.

He could not stand that look in Aron's eyes. Mainly, because it wasn't directed at him-him. Because Aron was looking at Alex with those clear and loving eyes, not at Carter, and that was just making him the biggest douchebag in the universe, as far as he was concerned.

"Hey," he called back, his voice unsure. "Aron, I ..."

"Hey, you don't have to say anything," Aron caressed his cheek.

But he wanted to. He needed to. Without overthinking, without weighing the pros and the cons.

"Aron, I'm actually ..."

His entire body jerked because of the sudden pain in his shoulder.

"Baby?" Aron's alarmed voice came through the haze of mind-numbing pain.

He had to hurry. He was clearly dying because there was no way that could feel so bad otherwise. The only thing he needed to do, the only one, was to tell Aron who he was. He opened his mouth, but words didn't come out. There was just a string of weird sounds, and above all, he could hear Aron getting up from the bed and reaching for the phone. 

You cannot tell Aron, he heard a voice speaking right into his brain, and he could swear he knew that voice from somewhere, but through the excruciating pain in his shoulder, he could not say where from.

All right, weird things aside, like the fact that he was hearing voices, he had to take that statement slash order into consideration. He dropped back on the pillows, breathing hard.

"Okay, I'm not going to tell," he whispered.

"What did you say?" Aron's worried voice came through.

Carter straightened up just to grab the phone from Aron's hand. No point in paying a visit to the ER. Explaining the symptoms would have been tricky. Aron pulled him close.

"Are you okay?"

"Yeah, I'm fine," Carter spoke, patting Aron on the back. "Just this shoulder acting up. Sorry I scared you."

"We should take you to the hospital," Aron insisted.

"No, there's no need to," Carter replied. "Now I know for a fact that all my medical tests turned out fine. I just ... I think I just strained myself a little during sex," he spoke quickly.

Aron exhaled in relief.

"I told you to take it a bit easier," Aron reproached, but it was clear as day that the guy had just been through quite a scare. "You're not used to this thing."

"Tell me about it," Carter said dryly.

Great, just fucking great. He could not tell Aron, and he was compelled to continue this charade. And that was not even the worst thing. The problem was he was just relieved and happy to keep it up like that. In the end, he was nothing but a fucking douchebag, too.

Aron began massaging his shoulders slowly.

"What can I do?" Aron whispered into his ear.

"Hmm, this seems like a good idea," Carter answered.

The pain in his shoulder was gone like it had never been there, but Aron's hands felt just too good on him. Plus, the small circular move undoing his tense muscles was also giving him more than just physical comfort. 

Now what to make of that voice in his head? Was he really going crazy? Or the situation was actually even crazier than he thought, and the big mishap of him switching bodies with Alex was well known up above or down there, or whatever that voice was coming from, and measures were not taken to switch them back? What was he to understand from this big ass snafu?

***

He made no other attempt to blurt the truth to Aron, and he just ended up cuddling with his best friend and falling asleep. The evening had been a quiet affair, spent in front of the TV, while Aron had caressed his hair slowly until he had been almost certain he was going to purr like a cat.

Aron had cooked and treated him like he was made of glass, but he had enjoyed it, like the douchebag he was. And, at night, he had slept in Aron's strong hands.

Now, it was morning, and everything just seemed surreal, from getting fucked by his best friend into the lawn in the backyard, then into the carpet, to hearing voices in his head.

Hmm, what if all was semantics? You cannot tell Aron. Maybe the restrictions applied only to verbalizing the situation. What if he sent Aron an e-mail? He got off the bed slowly, to avoid waking up Aron, and searched for the laptop. He opened the device and waited to log on to the e-mail server. Nothing easier. So far, so good. He hit 'compose' and started typing away happily. 

What should he write in the subject box? He thought a little. 

Hmm, yeah, that was perfect. He hit 'send' and turned off the laptop. Then he decided to go back to bed.

Where he found Aron awake and with a frown etched on his face while sitting on the edge of the bed with his phone in one hand.

All right, this was it. Suddenly, his heart was in his throat. How was Aron going to react? It was insane, he knew it, but he had to do the right thing, right?

"What is it?" he asked, his voice strained.
