 I have to admit that I have been at least bisexual my entire life. I am a 48 year old married man who besides loving to suck cock loves to cross dress. I have kept this hidden from wife which explains why I don't get to do either very often; at least not until I hooked up with our neighbors son. 

Our neighbors had moved in when their son had just turned 18 and was ready to go to college. His name is Lee and he's about 6'2" with a fantastic build. The summer they moved in we invited them over to our pool and got to know each other. Over the past three years Lee would often come over and lay by the pool and we would talk. It was always hard to concentrate when all I could think about was sucking his cock or having him fuck me. But I did notice that he never talked about girls much during our time together.

Since he had turned 21 we were having some drinks last weekend while my wife was out of town and with the heat and alcohol I got up the nerve to ask him about girls. 

Lee turned to me and said "Well I guess you figured out that I'm gay." Then Lee got up and said, "I guess you want me to leave now."

I hurriedly told him no that I was fine with him being gay and that he should stay. Lee caught me staring at his cock which was easily visible thru his suit. He walked over and stood next to me and asked me if there was anything else I wanted to ask him. Try as I might I just couldn't take my eyes of the bulge in his shorts. Then I blurted out that I wanted to suck his cock. 

Lee laughed and said "I thought you would never ask." 

I started telling Lee that I would often fantasize about sucking his cock or having him fuck me. 

Lee smiled and said, "Before I fuck your face is there anything else you want to say?" 

That's when I admitted that I wanted to be dressed as a girl as he fucked me. 

Lee said, "I bet you look good dressed as a slut." 

He then took me by the hand and led me into the house. We went into the bedroom where Lee started going through drawers until he found my wife's lingerie. He pulled out a pair of pink panties, pink stockings and garter belt. He handed them to me and I put them on. It felt so good sliding the stockings up my legs and having my little dick encased in the panties. Lee came up behind me and pulled me back against him. His hands went to my chest pinching and pulling at my nipples. He started kissing my neck and I could feel his huge cock pressing against my panty covered ass. 

"Are you going to be my slut," he whispered to me?

"Yes, I want you to make me yours. I've waited a long time for you to take me."

Lee turned me around and pushed me to my knees. This was the moment I had been waiting for! I slid his suit down to reveal his magnificent tool. It was already as hard as steel and at least ten inches long. When I took it in my hand I couldn't close my fingers around it meaning it had to be at least 4 inches around. I was actually drooling as I stroked his cock. I just couldn't wait any more and took him into my mouth. The excitement of finally having this huge black dick in my mouth was more than I could stand and I came in my panties but never stopped sucking his cock. 

I would slide it in until I started to gag and then hold it there before sliding it back out. I was licking his shaft with my tongue and sucking his balls. Lee was moaning and telling me what a good cock sucker I was. 

"I love watching my dick slide between your pretty lips," he said as he took my head in his hands and started to face fuck me. 

He was now ramming his cock into the back of my throat forcing me to take all ten inches. I was choking and my drool was running down over my chin. With each thrust I could feel his balls slapping against my chin. He kept this up until my jaws ached and my lips were swollen and tingling. Then without warning Lee pulled his dripping cock from my eager mouth. 

Lee instructed me to lay across the bed with my head hanging off the edge. Lee then straddled my face and buried his big black dick down my throat. His balls were slapping against my nose and eyes as he raped my mouth. It wasn't long before I felt his cock swell and he started shooting his cum into my throat. I couldn't swallow in this position so I held it in my mouth until he finished and let me up. 

"That was the best blow job I've ever had," he told me.

I went to the kitchen wearing my outfit so I could fix us something to eat while we rested. Lee was rubbing my and playing with my nipples as I served him his lunch. After we ate I was cleaning up the dished when Lee walked up behind me grabbed my ass and said, "I can't wait to fuck this tight ass."

I turned to him and he kissed me. I was surprised how natural it felt as he took me in his arms and pressed his lips against mine. When he pushed his tongue into my mouth I sucked on it hungrily. 

Lee asked me, "Are you ready to give me your ass?"

"No, I don't want to give it to you I want you to take it," I told him. 

"No the first time you have to give it to me. Beg me to fuck you like the slut you are," he said.

"Please Lee fuck me, I want to feel this big beautiful cock in my ass, I begged.

Lee took me back to the bedroom and had me kneel on the bed. He lowered my panties and rubbed some lube onto my ass and his cock. I felt him grab me by the hips as the head of his cock pressed against my eager opening. The head of his throbbing dick was huge and was stretching me to the point of tearing. Then I felt it pop through my tight ring. Lee let me rest and added more lube before going any farther. 

He slowly worked his cock into my ass, even pulling out completely and making beg for it before penetrating me again. It felt great to be taken like this with his strong hands holding onto my hips, pulling me back onto his cock. I swear I have never felt anything this good before. 

Lee then forced me down onto my stomach with him pounding down into me. He was fucking me with everything he had. I knew he was getting close to cumming and was sticking my ass up in the air so he could drive all of his ten hard inches into me. Then he drove his dick into me one final time exploding deep inside my ass. The first hot spurt pushed me over the edge and I covered the sheets in my own cum. When he finally stopped shooting he collapsed on top of me with his dick still buried in my ass. 

That's when I heard, "I can't believe I'm married to a little slut faggot."