 Boxers and Panties!

Chapter 1

Vol 6 of the Omega Fraternity Series!

TJ Ryder

SISSYTRAIN

(author's preface: In the old gay magazine Blueboy from the 70's was an account of a white student at a black athletic powerhouse college, (which I will call Bolus but you football fans will know what it is), and of its accepting white pledges! One of whom wrote an account of his experiences in a mostly black, closeted jock fraternity. I think it was titled "Sleeping with Giants!"

This story along with the others in the Omega Fraternity series is inspired from those interviews)

*********

The slight white boy on the mostly black, jock campus frowned when he looked at his mailbox in the Omega fraternity lobby. Jan bit his lip as fraternity brother Trebonne grinned, his huge hulking shape over his shoulder.

"From Coach Jackson? What they doin, recruiting you for the football team?" he joked.

"I'd have a better chance trying out for the team than what he really wants me to do!"

"Wazzat?"

"Oh, never mind!" he replied grumpily.

As he walked back up to his room reading the short hopeful note from the coach, wondering how he was going to tell him it wasn't going to work out being the 'girlfriend' of his latest closeted superjock! He got on his computer and tried to figure out a response. 

He had been avoiding responding to emails from the coach for a week now and realized this written note had to get a response. At Bolus the head coach ran the giant athletic department of the biggest pro superjock-recruiting, black university in the world and his word was worth more than the president or any of the deans. He gave up and decided to slip into only bikini panties and sandals, the uniform for white boys at the mostly black jock fraternity, he wondered if had let gossip ruin his first face-to-face with Jermaine the 'Jolt' Robinson. 

Maybe he never gave the giant, black, inner-city brute of a stud a real chance! In any case, he sighed, he knew from the first moment it wouldn't work, even for a pretend social date. The dude was just impossible. No manners, barely spoke English he could understand, and even rude to him in front of others. And the thing was he didn't even realize it! But all he had to do to make the coach (who he owed big time), happy was to go out with Jermaine in drag on some show dates to social functions as his girlfriend. But he knew he couldn't keep his temper in check and if he lost it then he'd be in super trouble with the coach.

And if he did get in trouble with the coach, it would add to more demerits that his butt would pay for eventually; administered by Wardell and Deon, the masters at arms at Omega who took care of that. "Awfuck," he realized just thinking of it gave him a hardon in his sheer panties! He already had enough demerits for a lot of paddle strokes on Friday night as usual. 

"Oh mann," he sighed, caressing his hardon in his panties, feeling his full balls. He feared it and couldn't wait for it at the same time. Thinking that was several days away! What made it extra hot was that Wardell and Deon, the giant black disciplinarians at Omega, had gotten so used to having him every Friday after the social drag dance he didn't have to worry about a date for the weekend, since he would be wearing a leash and collar at least until Sunday! Still, it did take away from the anticipation for the Friday social of hooking up with someone new. For the last month all the brothers at Omega figured he was off limits for the weekend and he effectively was.

Still, he sighed, 'mmm, yes Deon, I have been bad last week!" It was the inevitability of the master-slave thing every week that was screwing up his social life! Maybe he could talk them into doing it later, maybe on Monday! Nope, that wouldn't work because he had swim team and the marks might still be there!

'Why am I thinking of this so early?' he wondered. 'Maybe because of Jermaine and how I let him and the coach down! Maybe that's why I feel a need to be punished?'

As he was trying to think of something to say to the coach, maybe like saying he wasn't the right person, the pledge leader,

Peter/Petra popped his head in and reminded him of maid service in half an hour to serve the food.

"Okay, say Peter, have you ever met Jermaine Robinson!"

Peter just rolled his eyes and walked out. 'Well word's spread I guess!' He figured everyone knew Jermaine by sight by now, the brute was even pictured in Sports Illustrated!

And then he heard a cane tapping, the door opened, and his nearly identical, blind roommate Robin walked in, tiredly dropping his book bag on the bed and collapsing besides it!

"Your'e kind of late! Peter wants us all in maid costumes for dinner service!"

"(Sigh) Sure, why not!" He shrugged and slipped off his shoes and pants and began to search for his skimpy maid uniform.

"Why are you so late, Robin?"

"No escort today, had to find my way back from East Wing, across campus. Got lost three times! Almost got hit by a car!"

Jan regarded the slim blonde so much like himself except for his lack of sight as he laid back on the bed, rubbing his knee where he had tripped over a grate.

"What happened to your escort?"

"Had to cancel, practice or something! Half my classes now are unescorted but the one at East Wing is the only one I have trouble working a safe route for! I don't mind walking or stumbling but I hate falling!"

"I have class then, sorry!"

"I know, most guys do! Thanks anyway!"

"Hmmmm," Jan thought, looking into his computer to the first email he got from Coach Jackson about Jermaine, and found his school schedule. He was free that period and the beginning of a plan began to form as he looked sideways at his prone roommate.

'Why not,' he thought? 'He looks just like me and if Jermaine liked me he'd like Robin!' He watched him strip and find a maid's cap and then reach over, tapping his bureau, opening the bottom drawer and take out a pair of nylons! 'He's actually pretty adaptable,' he mused, watching his roommate in a new light.

"Robin, you ever heard anything about a superjock called Jermaine Robinson?"

"Nope!"

"Seeing anyone special?"

"Yeah right!" the blind boy replied drily as he felt around a drawer for a pair of stockings.

"Well, I happen to know a dude that has your East wing period free and he needs a social date, you know, pass as a girlfriend. The usual drill!"

"Uh huh, and why are you passing him on to me?" 

Jan paused, "well, I thought maybe you and he could reach a deal!"

"Right..., and your question if I heard anything means he's some kind of monster!"

"Nooo, well, not exactly. Just maybe some rough edges perhaps!"

Robin smiled ruefully as he shook his head, "you mean rougher than the gorillas here at Omega?"

"Yup," Jan replied agreeably. Robin moaned and then smiled in resignation. Finally he sighed and nodded.

"Why not! If he escorts me to East Wing I wouldn't care if he is a real gorilla!"

"Um, listen, I did go out with him once, just for coffee and...!"

"He's super ugly I suppose. But maybe you noticed I'm blind?"

"No, well not ugly! Just, well, maybe insensitive, perhaps!"

"What's the whole story?"

"Well, he's gone through 5 whiteboys, 2 here at Omega, never made it to the second date! Me included!"

"Oh, great, I get the rejects all the time don't I! Did you ask Padri?" (The Irish redhead who just joined the pledges at Omega.)

"He would never put up with Jermaine and I think he's in love anyway!"

"Wish I had that luck. Look, invite him to this Friday night dance and we can meet!"

"Can't, Jermaine's banned for life from Omega! The masters at arms are afraid of him!"

"Those monsters?"

"Jermaine is called the Jolt! He's a ranked heavyweight amateur boxer that Coach Jackson is hoping will make the Olympic team this year!"

"Gets better doesn't it? I see there's big juju involved here! I see it now! All right, I'll try meeting him at the coffee shop if he wants!"

"Not on this campus, he's closeted up and his face is pretty famous, or notorious!"

"Okay, Pete's Place on Briarwood. I only go there in drag.

He has to pick me up here then!"

"That might work! He can get a car!"

"What are you going to tell him?"

"That I have a schedule conflict for his social dates and you don't and you look just like me!"

"Cept for the blind part! And you tell him about my need for the East Wing escort gig cuz that's the deal!"

"You'll do it, then, for real? I have to tell the coach something!"

"Yes! I'll try it, just for the date and we'll see how it goes!"

"Hmmmmm," Jan thought, picking up his phone. To his surprise Jermaine answered, sounded rather fatalistic since he knew his date with Jan didn't go well, but without much enthusiasm listened to what he said and then said he'd talk to Robin.

He put the phone in Robin's half-hearted, palm-out gesture.

"Hello?" said Robin!

"Hey, this you, the other white boy-gyrl?" The young but deep, rumbling powerful voice said warily.

"Um, yes, I'm Robin, Jan's roommate at Omega House! Your name is, um, Jermaine?"

"Nevah heard of me? And yo really blind?"

"No, and yes, I am. That's why I need somehow to get across campus for that East Wing afternoon class!"

"Well, ah cain't make Pete's tonight, but I can do the class thing tomorrow. After that maybe we can talk! Howdat?"

"Um, I won't be wearing a dress tomorrow at the college. Afterwards I could go back to Omega and change and we could go out, that is if, well...!"

"Yeah, yo don't want to just dump me like all you white sissies!"

"I would not phrase it like that, Jermaine!"

"Awraht, Jan told me! I pick you up at West wing in front of the Baylor building, and I gotta sit with you the whole class?"

"Well, yes, um, I'm afraid, but the class on linguistics is very interesting I think you'll find!"

"Riiight! Okay, I'm black, natch, 6'5 and be wearing a red...!"

"I'm blind, Jermaine! You'll have to find me!"

"Yup, figures! Yo look like Jan, how many white blonde boys on campus, haw haw!"

"And holding a cane!" Robin smiled. After they hung up, Robin remarked he didn't sound that bad. Jan just said nothing.

****************************************************************** Two days later walking into the east wing building.

"Thanks for doing this Jermaine!" he said, as the massive young stud was still reacting from a white boy holding his elbow and walking besides him. He had only met him 15 minutes before and the slight, small boy, so much like Jan smiled and held out his hand at his approach, somehow divining it was him. And then he took his arm, shocking him by the easy familiarity.

"No problem, you got to hold my elbow tho?"

"Yes, I hold yours. I can usually tell a curb coming but you have to take shorter strides. I'm not as big as you are and I need to use my cane!"

"Okay, and you done this yourself?"

"Several times, but I get lost, and since this is the last period class, traffic is bad when I get out and have to cross campus!"

"Ah hear dat! Yo do look like Jan tho but sound foreign, more than him even!"

"Well, I'm more British sounding I suppose!"

"Look, um, Robin, you know de deal about Coach Jackson, what he wants me to do an all, these social and olympic and recruiter parties and dinners an all where ah gots to have an escort!"

"Yes of course, that's very common at Omega!" Robin said, slowing down as his cane found a step.

"Well, there's that, but ah just don't want a pretend date. Coach tryin to keep me outta trouble ah know dat, but ah got mah own needs and ah need dat too! An ah ain't good at playactin neither!"

Robin groaned. Thinking to himself that this huge stud was so horney he was making his pitch before they even got to the class!"

"Jermaine, I am quite aware of that but we have just met!"

Jermaine cursed under his breath, thinkin 'Already screwin up, what the fuck am I doin wrong? He swallowed.

"Ah knows dat, but... wait, here's the hall! Where yo sittin?"

Robin touched his braille notebook. "Seats 43b and 43c. I count two rows over, 6 rows down. I sit in 43c. Um, You can drop me off and pick me up after class if you feel you must!" There was so much noise with the milling students.

"You sound like you don want me to go?" Students were milling all around them. A couple black males greeted Robin.

"Got yourself a new escort again, Robin?"

"Yes, Once again!" Robin smiled at the direction of the voice.

"Hope the seat is big enuff fo him, haw haw!" Robin felt Jermaine's arm tense, and he squeezed it.

He heard a subdued voice warn his friend not to mess with the Jolt!

Jermaine guided him down the flight of stairs to his row, catching his elbow once when he got jostled and looked hard at the jock, who swallowed and moved away quickly, and after Robin seated himself, looked around, and decided to take the seat beside him on his left. There were almost 300 students in the room already. Robin arranged his notebook and his laptop. They had a few minutes before the lecture began. Jermaine was so big and the seats were so close together, plus the small 2 person desktop pinned him in. Fortunately he was on the aisle. However, he had to twist his hips so his thigh didn't brush against Robin's.

"So you decided to stay!" Robin smiled.

"Ah don know nuffin bout lingisux! But you wanted me to stay dint you? Otherwise ah hang out outside!"

"No," Robin said, putting a hand lightly on his forearm. "Um, I mean, please stay! You never went through orientation as an escort I know, but you see, for me it's all touch. I get nervous surrounded by lots of people unless I make some contact!"

"Yo don want to hold my hand do you?"

Robin smiled, "well, actually I could, but just my hand on your forearm is enough if you don't mind! It helps me concentrate if I know I'm secure! But if you don't want to...!"

"Naw, its all right. Just never had a white boy or girl do dat or even say dat!, Haw, haw, yo be sayin 'please' an 'thank yo' to me more times than ever in mah life!"

"Well, Jermaine," he moved his lips closer to his ear and lowered his voice, and the big buck was surprised by the intimacy of his breath near his ear as the boy spoke softly.

"I always try to be polite anyway but you do know that all Omega pledges are preselected because wer'e submissive to black men!" 

Jermaine grunted it was no problem but the admission made his cock swell. "Well, lahk ah said, jus surprisin me a bit to hear yo say it!"

Robin listened to his voice and whispered again.

"Why should it? And why are you twisted in your seat?" 

"Well, haw, ah'm too big ah guess for dese old seats!"

Robin smiled, "I know, but twist back or your'e going to be uncomfortable and that will make me uncomfortable!"

The big bull moved his muscular right thigh near Robin's leg, just stopping a tiny bit from making contact!

Robin smiled and moved his left leg against his, sending an electric shock through Jermaine!

'That's better. I want to make more contact with your body anyway, thank you!" He did feel good and took out a recorder and a braille electric notebook. Now that he his arm, side and leg were lightly resting against Jermaine he felt he could totally concentrate, the first time in this huge, jostling roomfull of big, powerful, young men and a handfull of women!!

Jermaine's huge cock swelled right down his thigh! He watched Robin arrange his stuff, listen to his braille watch, and turned his head back to him. He spoke softly enough so nobody else could hear.

"Do you mind me pressed against you? We have a few more minutes before the lecture starts! I wouldn't be this close with an escort but you did tell me you were looking for a relationship!"

Jermaine cleared his throat. Feeling his groin swelling at that as he groaned, surprised by the frank admission.

"Awyeahhh," he sighed, "when de coach fill me in on dat scene ah thought it was gwine be jus fahn, but ah jus cain't make it happen. Even got booted out of Omega first night!"

"Oh boy! You started a fight, let me guess!"

The big black youth nodded, "Ah ain't take no disrespect nohow! Fuck dat! Fum otha niggas or white sissyboys neitha! Dat de way ah be!" Robin squeezed his forearm.

"Please, keep your voice down. Did yo think the other boys you met were disrespecting you?"

"Well, dey dint do what ah needed and dey be sayin shit lahk fo me about what not to say or do stuff! Always what not to say!"

Robin was silent as he absorbed this.

"You know the Coach and college use us whiteboys as a kind of cultural smoothing out for all you big jock superstars!" He laughed, "they expect us to keep their stars out of trouble in return for the free lodging! Wer'e just doing our end of the agreement! That's the deal we agreed to!"

"Yeh mebbe, but ah cain't make first base wit dem!" he said, thinking this was just like with Jan, always sayin de wrong thing and then gettin pissed about it! cuz so far ....!

"Yeah but fuck...!"

"Jermaine, shhhh, your'e too loud! Now don't get mad for my saying that. Listen," he lowered his voice to a near whisper to lean over to his ear. "I think you are very sensitive to what people say and I want to hear more, but class is about to begin and I have to concentrate for the next fifty minutes, okay!"

"Awraht, fahn!" he grumbled. He would have liked to talk more, in private, finally saying some things he had been trying to say.

"Listen, I promise afterwards we will work it out!" And then he squeezed his giant arm. 

Jermaine cleared his throat, arranging his cock as he thought of what he said.

To Robin's surprise and relief, Jermaine only shifted positions a few times during the class, but he noticed he never moved his right forearm from his touch. He was thinking that the black thug needed assurance as much or more than he did when he had a spare moment to concentrate. 

pic 3

Jermaine spent most of the time thinking of what Robin had said, his hopes buoyed that this date wouldn't end in disaster like it always seemed to by what the beautiful boy said.

The class had some questions and answers and Jermaine noticed that few people looked at Robin or himself as they listened to the lecturer, a middle-aged black man with a beard. Even Robin was called on once, successfully as the boy answered a question. Few people could even see that his left hand was resting on his muscular forearm, but the effect of the touch and the warm thigh against his was having its effect.

And when class was dismissed, and three big bucks pushed the table and other people started milling, he was entranced by the way Robin moved closer to him and his left hand gently squeezed his arm at the same time his head tilted to his huge shoulder After the students thinned out, Robin moved back and began to gather his supplies.

"Thanks so much for staying with me, Jermaine, " he smiled up at the giant bull who waited for him to take his arm. Then several laughing black sophomores were coming by.

"Wait, dat de bitch said ah too big for a seat!"

Restraining his huge arm, Robin was lifted out of his seat in the effort.

"No, no no no! He was just making a joke, Jermaine, that was all!"

"He be a joke when ah finish!" but he stopped and cursed to himself, thinking he had done it again! Fucked up!

When they finally got outside, Robin was surprised to go out to the parking lot.

"Where are we going?"

"To mah ride! Figured it bein last period I just park it here for de ride back!"

"Excellent! Saves a long walk!"

"That's right, ah forgot you carryin all dat stuff!" he realized he should have carried at least his books or laptop.

"No, it's fine. I'm used to it!" They got a late model car and Robin waited until Jermaine opened the door for him!

"You don't wear a seat belt!"
