 This is the continuation of "Boy", the last three paragraphs of which read:

'I licked softly, then scrabbled down the panties, freeing the five erect inches and letting my wet and waiting mouth find its nirvana. I licked my way down the shaft, glorying in its feel, its taste its shape. As I moved my head up and down, licking, sucking and worshipping him, my right hand moved to caress his still satin cupped balls while my left rose to rub and flick a nipple. He lasted but a few minutes and I suddenly felt his spasm before he gushed into my mouth and I welcomed his semen as if it was his spirit. I sucked until he stopped. 

I felt him gently shaking. I looked up at him, his spent cock still softly in my mouth. 

There were tears running freely down both his cheeks. '

* * * * *

What had I done? 

I was torn between the lust which made me want to keep his spent sweet cock in my mouth to savour and to delight in, and a feeling of guilt and terrible responsibility for causing him pain or hurt or, perhaps worst of all, damage. 

I let his cock drop out of my mouth and I half rose putting my arm around him and drawing him to me. I started kissing the tears from his eyes and he clung to me so tightly. I heard him half whisper but could not make out the words as I kissed his wet cheeks and hugged him. He whispered again. 

'I love you,' he was saying, over and over, 'I love you. ' And then, after a pause, 'Daddy. '

My heart leapt and I kissed his face and eyes and hair with renewed fervour and stroked his still shaking body, running my hands slowly, softly, lovingly down his back and across the smooth globes of his buttocks. My hard, desperately yearning cock stood imprisoned between us while his, small and still sticky and moist, showed the first sign of reawakening. 

His body gradually ceased shaking and the tears slowly dried. I softened my kissing and looked into his large blue eyes. 

He said it again, 'I love you Daddy. '

Our lips moved towards each other and then touched. It was the softest, gentlest, most caressing kiss; soft and loving, and I could still taste his seed in my mouth. We kissed for a long, long time and as it built in fervour and intensity, I held his head to me, and felt his arms encircle me and hold me. My mind was soaring, and insofar as I was able to verbalise the emotions and feelings surging through me I knew that I not only wanted him but that I loved him. The kissing grew hard and passionate and I felt his cock responding. My hand stroking his buttock curved inwards and softly rubbed his anal opening. He moaned and opened his eyes wide again. 

Without a word he withdrew his lips and sank to his knees before me, unzipping my trousers with one movement and freeing my cock from my briefs. He held it tenderly in both hands and kissed it. The kiss became a lick while I undid my belt and let my trousers fall to my knees and pushed my briefs down to join them. At the same time he opened his mouth and ever so slowly slid it over my cock, taking me into his warmth and wetness. I wasn't going to last very long and I moaned and sighed out his name, 'Boy. '

He didn't suck. Somehow he knew I was close and he wanted more of me. 

'Do me please,' he whispered, pulling off me and turning to spread his legs and holding his cheeks apart. His cock and balls dangled so enticingly in front of me and I wanted him in my mouth again. But this was for him. My cock was slick with his saliva and my precum and I bent to his anus, kissing it and licking as much of my saliva on to it as I could, my tongue just entering and wetting the opening. I put my cock there and slowly pushed. I felt his tension and realised that this was his first time too, and I held his hips to steady us both. I pushed slowly, but steadily and without withdrawing. I made little progress at first but gradually I felt his passage expand to welcome me and, contrary to my expectations, he expressed no sound of pain or distress or discomfort. Rather he voiced some little moans – of pleasure, not pain – and pushed firmly back to me clenching his muscles to stimulate me. 

Once again I knew I could not hold out much longer and I worried that, pleasant as this was for me and I thought for him, that it would be over before he would get real satisfaction from the act. But he started moaning louder as I started moving in and out, building up the speed and intensity of the fucking. I spat on my hand and reached down and around taking his cock in it and letting it run up and down my palm in time with my thrusting and his response. Just as I knew I was about to come, he started making growing noises in his throat and as my first spasm blinded me with the white light of orgasm, he too roared out and his body bucked hard, his balls tightened and quivered and his cum spurted on to my hand and along his thighs and belly. 

I ejaculated perhaps ten times before the storm ceased and my breathing started to return to normal. I was still inside him and lying across his arched back, hand sticky with his cum and feeling more alive than I had for perhaps thirty years. 

'Oh god!' he said, 'oh god!'

I slowly pulled back and my cock softly popped out followed by a trickle of semen. I turned him over on his back on the floor and after kissing his face and his eyes and his lips, moved down his body to lick and clean up the pool of cum he had left there. For the second time I tasted his fluid and lapped it greedily and wrestled with the image that kept jumping into my brain of family, colleagues and friends being disgusted at the sight of me, the middle-aged, self-identified, more or less monogamous, heterosexual man sucking, fucking and devouring the cum of a boy young enough to be my son. I thought of my wife and what this meant to our relationship. Then I heard Boy saying softly, 'I've wanted you all my life,' and then again, '... Daddy. '

When I finished cleaning him we lay together, he, still naked apart from the thong that was now draped around one thigh, and me with my suit trousers around my knees and my shirt and tie still on. He nestled in my arms and kissed my cheek. I had an idiotic smile on my face and an adolescent's love in my heart. 

And my cock was rapidly becoming hard again...