 Alan's leather fetish had both plagued and excited him since he was a teenager. The rich scent, the smooth texture and shiny finish of the fabric, always drove him crazy. Leather jackets were his favourite. He owned ten of them himself and, seeing a hot guy wrapped in one always made his cock hard. Alan was forty years old now, but his sex drive was still as wild as it was when he was a 21-year-old lad. Something that could probably be attributed to his love for leather, keeping him young.

It was around midday on Saturday. Alan had been doing some housework, and was just about to cook lunch, when there was a knock at his door. He hadn't been expecting anyone. Opening the door, he was met by one of the most handsome young men he had ever seen. The boy had striking, midnight black eyes, his face chiselled to perfection, with black locks styled meticulously into a textured quiff on his head. But what made him even more beautiful to Alan, was what he was wearing. A perfectly fitted, black leather jacket. The leather clung to the boy's frame, wrapped tight around his broad shoulders and impressive arms. The leather glistened in the afternoon sun, giving the boys upper body a polished glossy sheen. Alan hardly noticed the young man trying to get his attention.

'Sir...Sir...excuse me sir.'

Alan quickly snapped himself out of his trance.

'Oh... Sorry, sorry about that, how can I help you?' asked Alan nervously. 

'No worries man. I'm Tommy,' said the young man, hand out for a handshake.

Alan shook Tommy's hand, his fingertips brushing over the smooth leather cuffs of the young man's leather jacket. Alan's cock was hard as rock, he was so happy he was wearing a long shirt.

'Hey Tommy, I'm Alan.'

'Awesome. I'm sorry to bother you man, but I'm doing a survey for one of my University assignments. It basically involves me, asking you a few questions about your neighbourhoods' local waste management services. Are you up for that? It's boring I know, but I could really use the data,' said Tommy.

'Yes, of course, come on in,' replied Alan, wanting to spend as much time as possible with this leather wrapped stud.

'Ah, thanks man. Really appreciate it.'

Tommy brushed pass Alan through the narrow doorway, his leather jacket brushing over Alan's naked arms. This sent shockwaves through Alan's body. This was the most excited he'd been in a while. He told Tommy to go and sit on the sofa, whilst he grabbed them some drinks. In the kitchen, he had to try and calm himself down. He didn't want to come across weird. Though he had a feeling that ship had already sailed.

Walking back into the living room, Tommy had his notepad out, ready. The jacket caught the light perfectly, every part reflecting the polished sheen Alan had grown up loving. He sat next Tommy and handed him his drink.

'Thanks dude,' said Tommy 'You ready to begin?'

'Go ahead.'

The conversation was as boring as Alan had expected. But, being so close to Tommy in his leather jacket made it all worth it. Being so close, Alan could smell the leather now. Rich and pungent. He could also smell Tommy's body to. A little sweaty from the afternoon heat. The smell of leather and sweat mixed together was a true aphrodisiac. He listened as the jacket creaked as Tommy moved and the leather rubbed against itself. Alan could feel the wet patch in his underwear. What he wouldn't give to wrap himself around Tommy's leathered body and have his way. But it wasn't to be. The questionnaire soon came to an end. Meaning it was time for Tommy to go.

'That's it Alan, we're all done,' said Tommy cheerfully.

'I'm glad I could help,' replied Alan, taking in as much of the boy as he could before he left.

Alan was walking Tommy to the door, when Tommy stopped. Something in Alan's closet had caught his eye.

'Whoa, dude. Do all those leather jackets belong to you?' asked Tommy.

Alan was taken aback by Tommy's seemingly sudden interest in his jackets. He watched as the boy approached his closet.

'Do you mind?' asked Tommy.

'Be my guest.'

Alan was now incredibly excited about Tommy's interest in his leather jackets. But, was he only in to the style of the jackets? Or was there a more sexual root to Tommy's leather interest? Alan decided to test the waters.

'The leather jacket you're wearing is beautiful,' said Alan 'When did you get it?'

'It's actually my first leather jacket, bought it when I was 18,' said Tommy. 'It's my pride and joy. I wear it almost every day.'

'Oh, really? Any reason why you like it so much?' Inquired Alan. 

'Yeah man. Leather style, is great. Leather jackets are sleek, and classic. Nothing looks better,' replied Tommy 'Took me a while to save up for it, but eventually I had enough.'

'Yeah, leather jackets are a style staple for me to,' said Alan, slightly disappointed. It looked as though Tommy's leather jacket interest was purely style related. 

However, Alan then noticed Tommy's bulge. It was big, at least eight inches long and clearly very thick to. The boy's skinny jeans did nothing to hide it. His cock was obviously straining against the fabric of his jeans. Riffling through Alan's leather jackets, Tommy was rock hard. 

What was making the young man so horny? Could it be the leather? Thoughts raced through Alan's mind. If Tommy really did have a leather jacket fetish, Alan couldn't let such an opportunity slip through his hands.

'Would you mind if I tested the texture of your jacket? ' asked Alan nonchalantly. 

'Yeah, go ahead,' said Tommy walking over to Alan 'it's pretty supple.'

Alan stood behind Tommy and stroked his leather covered back. Tommy's back muscles were so big, Alan could easily trace them through the leather jacket. 

'You're right, the leather is top notch,' said Alan, running his fingers across Tommy's broad shoulders. 

Tommy adjusted his hard cock.

Alan took this as a sign, and walked to the front of Tommy. Now face to face, Alan Stroked the soft, shiny sleeves of Tommy's jacket. Tommy was saying nothing. 

'The leather fits your body so well,' said Alan 'so tight'.

Alan began to squeeze Tommy's thick biceps through the leather. Still Tommy said nothing. However, a small wet patch had appeared on the front of his jeans. Alan had noticed. Slowly he reached his fingers down to Tommy's big bulge. He stroked the boys rod lightly. Tommy exhaled sharply. Alan was not prepared for what Tommy said next.

'Get your condoms,' said Tommy demandingly.

Alan couldn't believe what he was hearing. Tommy had been so abrupt. Not that Alan minded. Skipping right to the good stuff was fine with him. Please let there be some condoms in his bedside table. He rushed upstairs and rummaged through his draws. Yes, there they were. He hurried back downstairs, almost falling as he went. Alan almost came on the spot, when he saw Tommy. Tommy was sat on the couch, almost naked. The only thing he wore, was his tight, shiny black leather jacket. The jacket framed his thick pecs and defined six pack perfectly. His nipples were erect, responding to the smooth leather lining inside the jacket. He sat, legs opened wide, his hand stroking his low hanging ball sack and his monstrous cock. His other hand placed on his chest, stroking the supple, shiny leather jacket.

'Strip, then go put on one of your leather jacket's on,' instructed Tommy 'then kneel in front of me, between my legs.'

In seconds Alan had slipped on a leather jacket and was knelt between Tommy's muscular legs.

'Well, go on then. Get to work,' said Tommy pushing Alan's face into his sweaty groin.

To be continued...