 After leaving the sauna, I was hornier than ever. But I still wanted to explore the whole place and see what it was all about. So I went up to the second floor.

Up there I found a large steam room, a washroom with more showers, and a long corridor with numerous doors down each side. Each door had a number on it, so I assumed these were the rooms for rent. I walked slowly down the hall, as several other guys were doing, and noticed some doors were partly open, and others shut. Through the open doors could be seen a small bed and chair, lit by a dim overhead light. Dim lights seemed to be the order of the day in this place! In some of the rooms could be seen guys lying on beds or sitting on the chair. Some were alone, seeking company I guess, and were in various states of undress and arousal! Others already had company, and were doing each other with the door open, as if inviting others to watch or join in. Who knows what was going on behind the closed doors!

I stopped at a couple of open doors, making eye contact with the occupants, or watching the action, like a voyeur. Some of the guys were what I would consider my type, and I vowed to return after exploring further. And some of the action was really hot, causing my tool to reignite. Perhaps I would come back and join in to make a group fuck. The possibilities were endless.

But down the hall I went. Into the washroom for a quick piss. Under the walls of the stall could be seen a pair of legs with knees on the floor, and a pair of feet straddling those legs. A blowjob in progress was my guess. The action was everywhere.

Into the swirling mists of the steam room. I sat in the corner to observe rather than participate. I hiked my knees up to my chest and allowed my towel to fall free, exposing my bare crotch. My balls sagged in the heat, and my flacid dick lay comfortably along the seam of my sack, nestled between my balls. I was determined to be a passive observer here, and to save myself for a visit to one of the private rooms.

From my corner perch I observed the others in the wet heat. There were 4 or 5 other guys eyeing each other, and me watching. After a couple of minutes, 2 of the guys got together and started into it. They lay along the bench and set up in a classic '69'. Heads were jammed into opposing crotches and their hands were everywhere. Grunts and loud slurping noises went along with exploring hands and fingers. While one guy was sliding 2 fingers into the other's asshole, his partner was pulling balls into his mouth for a tongue bath. This went on for several minutes, with position changes and much face fucking until they both seemed to blow their loads at the same time. Not a drop was wasted, as each held the other's depleted prick in their mouths until each had had enough. And then, like other scenes I had witnessed, they both got up and left. Casual sex, or what!!

I was getting really horny, and felt the need for release. I re-wrapped my dripping body, covered my firm cock, and went back to the corridor.

Then I had a decision to make. Did I want a solo adventure with one other, or enjoy the company of 2 or 3, if the opportunity arose? I decided to play it by feel, and see what was available.

As I strolled down the hallway, the possibilities were endless. There were doors open, with guys lying solo on their beds, face up and face down, covered as well as blazingly jerking themselves while laying on their backs, allowing all to see. There was another room where one guy was ass fucking the daylights out of another. I stopped to watch this one for awhile. The top guy had the bottom bent over the chair back, and was burying his substantial dick into the up-facing asshole.

He thrust back and forth, in and out, while the bottom held on to the chair for support. The bottom reached around with one hand to grab the top's balls, and squeezed them together. This really got the fucker hot, and he suddenly pulled out and shot endless, arcing streams of cum all over the other's back. He then rubbed the jism trails around and together, covering his buddy's back. They then lay down on the bed, one on top of the other, and cooled down. They were deep kissing and still feeling each other all over. What a scene!

I moved on to another door, where one guy was laying face down, ass covered by his towel. "This is it," I thought.

I stepped inside, closed the door behind me, and slid my hand up under his towel. With my other hand, I released my towel and let it fall to the floor.

He turned to face me and reached for my stiffening tool.

"Nice cock," he said. "I think it would feel really nice up my ass."

With that, he got up and produced a tube of KY.

"Are you up to the task?" he asked.

Needing no further encouragement, I rolled him over on the bed and lifted him up by the hips. I bent down to slide my tongue up and down his ass-groove, and played with his balls. His cock was as hard as a rock, but I had other plans.

I squeezed a bead of KY on his asshole, and started working it in. Then I said to him: "This is it, buddy. Prepare to be violated."

With that I climbed between his outstretched legs and took aim. I pushed my hard cock-head to his slippery hole. and gradually eased in. As soon as the head was engulfed, I thrust to the bottom. He gasped in pain/pleasure, and urged me on.

"This hard cock is for you", I muttered, and thrust in again.

"Keep it up," he said. "Fuck me hard, and show me no mercy. I love the feel of your hard tool in my butt. I want you to blow your load inside me, so I can feel it dripping out for the next few hours. Keep going."

With that I just kept pumping away. When I hit bottom, my balls would slap his crotch. When I pulled back, I could see most of mf dick, poised for another thrust in his dark hole. And back in I went. This was the fuck I had been waiting for.

As the pressure built, I moderated my thrusts, enjoying the feeling of the coming blast. Then I could hold it no longer. My body shuddered as I sent wave after wave of sticky goo deep into his ass. I kept the fuck going as long as I could, then collapsed in a sweaty heap, spent but happy. He just lay there moaning and smiling, stroking himself to a monster blow. He shot all over my chest, with a couple of drops hitting my face. I happily wiped them up with my hand and licked it clean.

Then we parted, promising to look for each other next time we came here.

I went off to clean up in the shower, and prepare for the third floor!!

But that is for part 3.

To Be Continued...