 Scott and I had planned this night for us. We had grabbed a movie, got a new tube of KY, and had gone out for dinner – not because of the night we had planned, simply because we were hungry. Looking across the table at Scott, his black wavy hair and blue eyes staring back into mine, I knew that I was in for a treat tonight. I closed my eyes and imagined his cock in my ass, him reaching around and jerking me off, his cum splattering inside me and mine shooting all over my chest…I shivered in expectation as we left the restaurant. Scott simply smiled and held my hand as we walked home.

I had met Scott at a gay bar downtown one night when I had been clubbing. I spotting the cute guy from across the club, watching his hard body dance in the crowd. I had never thought that my tussled brown hair and green eyes would attract anyone, but it sure attracted Scott. He had bought me a drink and we chatted and danced for most of the night. We had ended the evening in a corner of the club, tongues in each other’s mouths and hands groping everywhere. I had spent the night at his house. 

We had moved in together – his house was close to both of our offices, and we wanted to spend all or time with each other. It had seemed like a no-brainer. We ate our meals together, walked to work together, and spent the nights fucking each other in his bed. 

Tonight wasn’t supposed to be different than usual, but I knew that tonight was going to be something that we’d both remember for a very long time.

Scott sat down on the couch and popped the all-male porn movie we had picked up earlier into the VCR. He looked at me and smiled that cute smile of his.

“Ready?” he asked, pointing at the screen.

“Hang on,” I said. “I’m going to go change.” I walked to our bedroom and stripped down to the skin, and looked around for a pair of pants to wear. Pausing in front of our full-length mirror, I admired the view. 

I wasn’t very muscular or athletic, but I had some meat on my bones, at least. Wire framed glasses were perched on my nose. I had a small goatee on my chin and a patch of hair in the middle of my chest. I shaved everywhere else. I had finished trimming this morning, and ran a hand down to give my cut six-inch cock and hairless balls a feel. The touch of air on them was nice, and my hand simply excited myself. My cock started to harden, and I gave it a few strokes.

“Hey, are you getting started without me?” called Scott form the living room.

Grinning, I pulled on a pair of jeans and a T-shirt, and left the bedroom and sat down beside him on the couch. Looking around the room, I noticed that Scott’s boxers had been thrown across the room. I guess he had gone commando too. My cock started to stiffen again, the thought of him and me pressed against each other, dicks rubbing against the other…

I stopped thinking and decided to watch the movie. Two guys were showering in a gym room, their tight asses towards the screen. Soon enough, one of them was on his knees in front of the other, swallowing his cock. After about five minutes of that, they started fucking each other. 

I looked over at Scott, the bulge in his pants growing by the second. Reaching over, I fondled his cock a bit, feeling it jump under the denim. He looked over at me and blew me a kiss, so I leaned towards him and kissed him, his lips soft against mine, my tongue trying push its way onto his mouth.

Pushing me away, he looked at me with a mockingly angry look.

“Is getting into my pants all you think about?” He asked.

“Well, no,” I said, “I don’t think about it when I’m sleeping.”

He laughed at that.

“Just watch the movie a bit more. Then we’ll play.” Nodding, I moved away from him. My lips were still aching for him though.

The scene in the movie was the same, but there were other men in addition to the two that were there before. Those two were fucking doggy style on the floor, with about four other guys standing around them, fisting their own cocks. One of them groaned and shot long strings of cum onto the couple. It started a chain reaction of orgasms around the circle, all the men covering the couple with their hot semen. 

By this time, Scott and I had both pulled out our cocks and were masturbating slowly at this. Watching my boyfriend pump his hard seven inches with his hand turned me on all the more. Leaning over, I took the head of his cock in my mouth, tongue swirling over it. I tasted precum, which drove me to suck him all the more.

“Fuck…that’s it…get to the bedroom, you hot little slut…” Scott moaned. I guess he was as hot as I was. We got up and walked to the bedroom, shutting the door behind us. He walked up to me and kissed me, his tongue pushing at my lips, aching to get inside my mouth. I pressed mine against his, and our tongues fought each other inside my mouth. Breaking away, I looked him in the eyes.

“Naked…I want to see your body…get naked for me.” 

Scott slipped quickly out of his shirt and pants, standing there in all his muscled glory, his rock hard cock standing straight like an arrow. Reaching over, he undid my fly and pulled my pants to the ground while I pulled my shirt off and tossed it into a corner of the room. I reached over and grabbed his cock, giving it a few jerks before dropping to my knees in front of him.

Scott’s cut cock was magnificent. Standing a hard seven inches, he had the cutest little mushroom head and was leaking precum. I licked the head of it, the salty fluid driving me on more. Finally, we were where I had wanted to be all day. Both of us were naked, glistening with sweat, our cocks hard and stiff in our hands. I was looking up at Scott, biting my bottom lip, my eyes wide with anxiousness. 

“More? Please…. More…I want more…” I whimpered. I opened my mouth, begging him to put his cock back in it. I wanted to feel him in my mouth, sliding in and out, filling me again and again with that hard piece of flesh that I wanted so badly. I was slowly stroking my own cock while begging him, the simple act of submitting to him turning me on incredibly. 

“Do you want it?” he asked, grabbing the base of his penis and holding it out to me.

“Yes.” 

“Beg me for it. Tell me what you want.” He held his cock closer. 

“I want your cock. I want it in my mouth. I was to suck on it, and stroke it until you cum. I want to swallow it for you, and lick you clean. Please let me suck you off. Please let me suck your cock. I want it so bad…” I whimpered again, opening my mouth to him.

“Then have it, you gay little bitch. Take my cock. Suck it good for me. Maybe I’ll even shoot on your face if you do it well enough.” He took his hand off his cock, and I reached up and took the whole seven inches into my mouth. 

Bobbing my head slowly, I sucked up and down on Scott’s cock. I loved the taste of it, the feeling of his pubes nuzzling my nose, the feel of him thrusting slowly into my mouth. Freeing it from with mouth with a small “pop”, I started to lick it slowly from the base to the head, and ran my tongue lovingly over the head. Licking back down, I lapped at his balls, feeling them jump a little at my touch. Gripping his cock in one hand, I took one of his balls in my mouth, sucking it slowly, then moving to the other, stroking his cock all the time. Licking back up, I pulled away to look at his sweet, hard cock, covered in my spit. 

A drop of precum was right at the tip of his slit, and I snaked out my tongue to lick it off. The taste of salt and sweetness came to me, and I wanted more. I wanted him to come in my mouth. Taking him back in, I sucked harder and bobbed my head back and forth, going deeper into my throat with each go.

Scott was groaning, talking dirty to me the whole time.

“Yeah, take my cock, you slut. You like sucking me, you fag? I can’t wait to put my cock up your ass…it’s almost as good as your mouth. Hmmm….” His eyes remained closed, as he thrust his hips, forcing his cock deeper into my mouth.

Reaching up, I ran a hand over his chest, pinching his nipples and rubbing his stomach. Pushing my hand up further, I pushed my index and middle fingers into his mouth. He sucked on them greedily, his tongue running over them, soaking them in his saliva, sucking them slowly. I removed my fingers, still dripping with spit, and ran my hand down his back.

Squeezing his ass with one hand, I ran my fingers up and down his crack, feeling his asshole with my pinkie. Slowly, I pushed my index finger, still wet, into his ass. It opened easily…Scott had had MUCH bigger things in his ass…and my whole finger slipped easily into his asshole. A gasp came from Scott when I pushed my middle finger in along with it. 

Pumping my two fingers in and out of his ass, I concentrated on sucking his cock. He was thrusting deeper into my mouth, almost making me choke. Pulling it out, I licked it slowly all over again, then went back down to licking his balls, covering them in my spit, making them shine like his cock already was. Reaching up, I took his rigid cock into my hot mouth again, intent on making him come.

A few more minutes of sucking and finger fucking, and I felt Scott tense up. 

“I’m going to come….” He groaned.

I pulled his cock out of my mouth, and he took it in his hand. Giving his asshole a firm thrust before pulling my fingers out, I leaned back a little and opened my mouth. He knew what I wanted, and he was ready to give it to me. Stroking his cock, he looked down at me and smiled, then groaned loudly.

His first shot of cum hit my lip, and dropped into my mouth. I closed and swallowed quickly, as his second shot hit me right under the nose. His next few shots rained onto my face and cheeks, running down slowly to drip onto my chest. I leaned forward and took his cock in my mouth, sucking it clean and swallowing the last few drops that came out, licking my lips as I leaned back. The smell of his cum was overpowering, stiffening my cock even more. Cleaning off my face, I collected his cum with my fingers and licked them clean, swallowing all of it. I let it sit in my mouth before swallowing, the salty-sweet taste of it making me more horny. I reached down and started to rub the drops on my chest into my skin. Scott groaned and sat back on the bed, his cock shrinking a little between his legs. Still on my knees, I started masturbating slowly, letting him get over his orgasm. 

It took him a few minutes, but eventually Scott looked up, and climbed onto the bed, getting down on all fours, exposing his hot pink asshole to me. 

“So, you want to? Fuck me? Please?” 

Smiling, I stepped up behind him, grabbing the tube of KY from the bag. Leaning towards his ass, I stuck my tongue out and ran it up and down his crack, stopping to rim him. I ran my tongue all over his asshole, then tried to push it inside him. His sphincter opened for me, and I slid my tongue inside his ass. Scott was groaning, pushing his ass back into my face.

“Babe…. Get your tongue out of my ass and FUCK ME.” 

Squirting a generous load of KY on my hand, I greased up my cock, and then lubed out his ass. Standing up on my knees, I placed my cock on his ass, and pushed. It gave in easily. As soon as my cock entered him, Scott moaned loudly. I left my stiff cock where it was for a second, enjoying the feeling of his balls pressed against mine. Then I started fucking him like there was no tomorrow. I grabbed his hips and pumped myself hard into him. I’d slow down when he said faster, and speed up when he begged me to slow down. I loved the feeling of his tight ass on my cock. Sweat was beading on my forehead and chest, as well as Scott’s. 

“Christ, that feels so good…keep fucking my ass, fuck my asshole…. Cum inside me, I want to feel it…” Scott, as you can tell, was by far the more vocal of us. I just grunted and kept plunging my cock into my boyfriend’s asshole.

Then I felt my balls rise up, as the extraordinary feeling of orgasm washed over me.

“I’m cumming…shooting my cum up your ass…” I managed to groan as my balls let loose with a volley of cum, shooting deep into Scott’s ass. I pumped six shots into him, and he grunted every time I shot off.

I pulled my limp cock out of him and collapsed on the bed beside him. It was one of the more intense orgasms I had had in the last little while. Scott lay beside me, stroking my back and kissing me softly. 

“So, when do I get YOUR ass?” He said after a few minutes.

I sat up and looked at him.

“Right now. Now lay down on your back.” Scott complied as I got up and grabbed the tube of KY. Kneeling between his legs, I started to lube up his cock, hard again and ready to go. When it was glistening with lube and standing straight up, I kneeled above Scott, my knees on either side on his hips. Taking the lube, I covered my fingers in it and slowly lubed up my own asshole. I groaned as my fingers slipped inside me, loving the feeling of my ass being penetrated. When my fingers started slipping inside easily, I tossed the tube aside. 

“You ready?” Leaning backwards, I felt his cock head push against my hole, and slip inside. I sat down, filling myself entirely with his hard, stiff, huge cock. I started to rock myself on it, as he lifted his hips and pumped his cock into my ass. Squeezing down on his cock, I started to stroke my own, looking down at Scott. He had his eyes closed and was licking his lips.

“Fuck yeah…I love fucking your tight asshole…it’s so good around my cock…You’re going to make me cum so hard…”

My cock hardened hearing him talk dirty to me. I started pushing myself back against his cock harder and harder, forcing him deeper and deeper inside me. Still squeezing on him, I reached for the lube and covered my cock with it, allowing my hand to slide easier up and down its length. 

Scott can usually last for a while when fucking me, but tonight he could barley hang on. After about five minutes of filling my ass, I felt him tense up under me. Slamming myself down on top of him, I felt his balls rise up against my ass. 

“Fuck, cumming…” He grunted through clenched teeth. My hand was a blur on my cock. When Scott’s first shot of cum hit my bowels, I screamed and let loose my own load, splattering all over Scott’s chest. He let seven shots of cum fill me, then collapsed, limp against the bed. I continued to cum, raining down a good six shots onto his chest. Sliding his limp cock out of me, I pressed myself against him, my cum smearing against us both, his cum leaking out of my ass and down onto his balls. 

We lay there for a few minutes, savoring the afterglow of the orgasm. Pulling away, we massaged my cum into our skin, then lay together and fell asleep, my hand on his cock and his fingers reaching back and penetrating me. Me and my boyfriend, a perfect night together. I hope that there’s more to cum…