 Ch. 01: My First Cock

So there I was, upside down with a pillow beneath my head. My feet were placed on the sofa cushion, allowing me to push my body forward enough so my cock was pointing directly toward my face. Slowly stroking, I watched the screen with one of the best blowjobs I'd ever seen going on. Oh yeah, lick the tip, now take it slowly in, more, more. That's it, all the way. So hot. Now up and down in great rhythm. I stoked a little faster as I watched. Oh wow, he's going to cum. The first spurt went directly into his mouth all over his tongue. Next shot hit beside his nose with still another on his forehead. God it's all over. Oh man, I'm cumming too. I shot on my nose first, then a direct hit into my mouth, followed by one on my chin and finally a healthy dribble down my chest. I rubbed my chest and gathered as much as possible from my chin and nose and licked it off my hand. I love the taste of my own cum. 

My name is Ron. I'm in my 50s, about 5'10" 200lbs with dark hair, just starting to gray. I had been in a committed relationship with Gayle for 18 years, before our divorce 5 years ago. Our sex was great. I had only been into girls, so it surprised me when watching porn with bi scenes how I started to become so aroused watching the men giving each other blowjobs. It wasn't so much wanting a blowjob as wondering what it would be like to touch, lick and suck another mans cock. 

Over the next few months, the thought remained in my mind. I began spending more time surfing gay porn sites. Watching men suck cock got me as hard as I've ever been. I would regularly stroke my cock while watching, trying to time my release with the guys on the screen. I found myself wishing more and more that it were I sucking on that cock and taking the load in my mouth. I just knew I would never have the courage to actually do it.

Then one day, after watching some porn while downing several beers, I decided to check out an adult dating site. I selected men seeking men and set up an account. This was crazy and exciting at the same time. I was unsure what to put in my profile. Since I can get rock hard just from having my nipples sucked, I decided to include that. I decided to say that I was interested in nipple sucking and tasting my first cock. Then I started checking out profiles in my area. Oh my God! There were all sorts of interesting men, but none seemed to be exactly what I was looking for. So, I logged off and went to bed, fantasizing and shooting a big load.

I checked more profiles over the next few days, but still not sold on anyone. A couple of days later, I received an email from Mike who said he shared the same interests as me and asked if I would at least exchange emails with him. OK, no harm in that and no commitment for anything, so why not? Over the next three days, we discovered we were about the same age and build. We liked a lot of the same things, like sports and gay porn, and were each looking for an opportunity to suck our first cocks. 

On the fourth day, we discussed fantasies. I told him, as my profile stated, all I really wanted to do was suck nipples and cock, but I fantasized about being naked with another man, running my hands all over his body, licking his chest and sucking his nipples. I told him I would like to stand face-to-face and rub our cocks together, maybe even try kissing him before finally sinking to my knees and grabbing hold of his cock. I would stroke it to get the feel then lick the tip, hopefully with precum leaking out. I would then take him into my mouth, licking and sucking his cock and balls until he shot as I swallowed every drop.

He responded by saying he was actually shaking as he typed his response. He had almost the same fantasies. I really wanted to take this to the next level. I decided to give him my address and made arrangements to get together three days later. What had I done?

Over the next two days, I wondered if I really had the courage to go through with this. It was one thing to share fantasies by e-mail, but a totally different and frankly frightening thing to actually go through with it in person. But, thinking about finally having the opportunity to do what I had only dreamed of doing a few months earlier, I made the decision to go through with it.

As I prepared for Mike's arrival, I showered and was hard as hell just thinking about what was about to happen. It was difficult to resist the urge to pump my cock and shoot right then. I resisted though, hoping Mike would take care of that for me. I dressed in a t-shirt and jeans leaving my underwear in the drawer. I hoped Mike would like the surprise. 

Mike arrived on time and rang the doorbell. As I opened the door, I observed a nice looking man with short brown hair, dark brown eyes and warm smile. He was dressed in a light blue polo shirt and faded jeans. I liked what I saw. I invited him in and greeted him with a warm handshake. We decided to start with a beer, sat and just talked for a while. We talked about the website we met on. Mike said he had been surfing the site for about a year, but hadn't decided to actually pursue anyone until he read my profile. He said he found it simple and inviting. I felt a little more at ease and liked where this was heading.

Then without a word, we both stood facing each other. Mike reached over and grabbed my shirt, raising it over my head. As he dropped it to the floor, I did the same to him and ran my fingers over his nipples. He let out a quiet moan. Then without hesitation, he bent forward and started licking my left nipple. I could only say "mmmm." He moved to the right nipple, licked and then began to suck. I was already semi-hard and that did the rest. 

The tent in my pants was now quite evident. He moved back and forth sucking each nipple as I said "Mike, that feels so good, my turn." Mike straightened up and I did just as he had done. His nipples were hard and apparently as sensitive as mine as he started moaning immediately. 

I looked down and saw that he was as hard as I was. What's a guy to do? So I loosened his belt, undid his pants and slid them down his legs. My God, he went commando as well and his cock was amazing. It stood straight out, about 7 inches and seemed to say to me, "suck me now." I knelt down in front of him and helped him the rest of the way out of his pants. This is it, I thought. I reached out, touching his shaft gently, running my hand up and down, and then cupping his balls. Though it was a cock just like mine, it felt so different actually touching it. 

As I continued to get to know the feel of his cock, the precum appeared. I had often tasted my own, so I was anxious to try his. Slowly, I licked the tip of Mike's cock. It tasted sweet and I wanted more. His cock twitched in my hand as if to say, "I'm all yours now." I took the head in my mouth and swirled my tongue around it. I then began to suck the head. It felt so great to finally have a cock in my mouth. I moved a little further down the shaft, then back up again. The softness of the skin but firmness of the shaft was amazing. Up and down I moved, managing to get almost all of it in my mouth. I absolutely loved the feeling of a hard cock so deep in my mouth. 

I backed off and licked the underside of the shaft along the vein and down to balls. I bathed his balls with my tongue and then gently sucked them. Mike said, "Oh yeah, Ron, that's it." I continued to lick his balls and shaft for a minute, but I needed that cock back in my mouth. 

I resumed a nice steady up and down motion, sucking and licking his cock as I did so. "Don't stop, don't stop," Mike said. I wasn't about to. I gently rubbed and squeezed his balls as I continued feasting on his magnificent meat. Up and down, up and down sucking and swirling my tongue. 

"Oh my God, here it comes," Mike said. I backed off to about halfway and and Mike let loose. I wanted so badly to swallow his load. His first spurt was thick and warm. I managed to swallow just as another spurt came. Then, another and another. He filled my mouth completely and a little dribbled out of the corner. I swallowed again and again but held a little in my mouth so I could get the full taste. I loved it. I thought it had a slight taste like celery. Again, I knew I wanted more. After a minute, I let his now softening cock from my mouth and stood up.

Mike immediately said, "I want to taste my own cum." With that, he moved forward, licked the dribble from my face and kissed me. Our lips parted and tongues danced. We kissed long and hard, sucking each other's tongues and moaning together. This had far exceeded my expectations already and it wasn't done yet. 

Mike asked, "would you mind if I returned the favor now?" 

"I would love that", I said. 

Mike kissed me again, and then went to sucking my nipples, licking my chest all the way down to my pants. He quickly opened my pants and slid them off. Mike wasted no time. My cock was in his mouth all the way. I am slightly longer than Mike but he had no problem swallowing my whole cock. Mike kept it there, working my head with his throat. I knew I wanted him to teach me that trick. Mike then began to work my cock up and down, in and out. He sucked the head then all the way down the hatch again. He began to suck a little harder and was bobbing up and down a little quicker. I knew I wouldn't last long. 

"Mike. I'm cumming," I said, as my knees buckled and the spurts began. I don't know when I've cum so much or so hard, but Mike managed to swallow it all, or so I thought. He gently licked and sucked for a minute, then stood and kissed me again. He had managed to hold quite a lot of my cum in his mouth and we shared it in a deep long tongue swapping kiss. 

"Mike, that was absolutely the best ever. It's hard to believe you've never sucked cock before." 

Mike said "well, to be honest, when I was 13 my neighbor and I sucked each other off a few times. He moved away and I'd not given it much thought again until about a year ago." 

I asked "Was it worth the wait?" He simply kissed me again. 

We sat and had a beer and talked for a bit. Neither of us had made any move to put our clothes back on. "I really loved sucking your cock, Mike. It felt and tasted so good. I can't wait to do it again," I said. Mike just smiled.

I noticed Mike was starting to get hard again. "Ready for round two?" I asked. 

"Absolutely," he replied. 

I led Mike to the bedroom and turned to face him. He reached out and took my cock in his hand moving forward at the same time. He must have remembered my fantasy completely as he began rubbing our cocks together. It felt so good and I was now completely hard again. 

I asked him to lie on his back with his head near the end of the bed I was standing at. I bent over and began a beautiful upside down kiss. We licked each other's lips and tongues and kissed deeply. I then moved down slightly and began licking his neck and chest. He did the exact same thing to me. We worked on each other's nipples for quite a while. He loved it as much as I did as we were both moaning out loud. I moved along his chest, kissed and licked his stomach and finally reached that beautiful hard cock that I wanted in my mouth again. We began sucking each other again, this time together. It felt so damn good to not only be sucking his cock, but having him suck mine at the same time. I realized Mike was probably a little uncomfortable having to move his off the bed in order to suck me, so we rolled together onto our sides. We were licking the length of each other's cocks, licking and sucking balls, giving each other the best we had to offer and driving each other crazy. 

I told Mike to spread his legs wider, then spread his cheeks and licked his ass. He began doing the same to me. I ran my tongue over his rectum, and then tongued it as deeply as I could. He moaned out loud. When Mike tongued my hole, I almost shot my load. After a couple of minutes of serious rimming, we both returned to mutual cock sucking. This time I managed to swallow his entire cock. I was deep throating Mike and loving it. I was also enjoying his cock sucking expertise on me. There was lots of loud cock sucking, slurping and moaning. Mike tensed and began to come first. As he began delivering shot after shot deep in my throat, he inserted a wet finger in my ass. That drove me over the edge and I came for what seemed like minutes. 

I managed to capture all his cum this time and saved a little for the kiss I knew was awaiting us. Mike saved a little as well and we kissed each other sharing our creamy reward. Afterwards, we held each other for several minutes before Mike asked, "I wonder what a cock in my ass would feel like?" 

That's a story for another time.