 PRELUDE

Roy looked down at his close friend Justin and watched as his big dick slid in and out of Justin's ass. It was a sight that Roy had come to love. His impressive cock would disappear into Roy's shapely ass and then re-appear again. Roy would pull it out until just the head remained in Justin's ass and then Roy would drive it back in causing Justin's curvy buttocks to jiggle. Justin had his head down on the mattress turned to one side so he could watch Roy fuck him. Justin's back was arched further emphasizing the shape of his marvelous ass. Justin's hand stroked his own cock as Roy drilled him with conviction.

Roy felt his ejaculation building in his loins so he pulled his cock from Justin's ass and jerked it off until he shot his load. Roy aimed his cock so that the first forceful stream hit Justin's anus. The next two jets, almost as forceful as the first, landed in the crack of Justin's ass and trickled down over his anus onto his ball sac. Three more ropes of semen landed on Justin's buttocks before Roy pushed his cock back into Justin's ass. As Roy re-entered Justin, he pushed his semen into Justin's rectum and then resumed fucking him.

This was their favorite position and favorite ways to cum. Justin loved feeling the warm sperm land on his ass and then feel it pushed back into his ass with Roy's cock. Roy also loved watching his cock spurt and shoot jets of semen onto his friend's buttocks and anus. Roy resumed fucking Justin and Justin continued jerking off. They were both capable of four to five ejaculations a day, not atypical for virile 18 year olds. Roy would fuck Justin until he ejaculated a second time only that time, he would remain in Justin's ass and fill his rectum with a copious load.

The third time they fucked, Justin would be on his back as Roy fucked him missionary style. Justin would shoot twice before Roy came a third time and Roy liked watching Justin cum all over his chest and abs. When Justin ejaculated his sphincter would contract around Roy's cock pushing Roy toward another release. Roy would stay in Justin's ass and shoot more semen into his rectum. Their final time would be while they lay on their sides in a spoon position as Justin fucked Roy slowly. In this position Roy would reach around Justin's body and jerk his friend's cock until they both ejaculated again.

Roy had no interest in another guy's cock but he had become accustomed to jerking off Justin while he fucked him. Roy's girlfriend Susan was vacationing with her parents in the Canadian Rockies during the summer months so Roy was happy he had Justin to fuck. Susan had introduced Roy to anal sex and he loved fucking her in the ass. Now that he was getting blowjobs and fucking Justin, Roy didn't really see much difference between Justin and Susan. In fact Justin gave better head than Susan and he liked to swallow which Susan didn't. 

They had had sex that morning for nearly three hours and they rested in bed for another half hour before they got up. The two of them showered, put on their bathing suits and ate breakfast. After a late breakfast they lounged by Justin's swimming pool and relaxed in the warm California sun. Roy like hanging out poolside at Justin's house and spending the days with his new found lover. Whenever Roy was fucking Justin or receiving blow jobs, he realized that he never thought of his girlfriend Susan. That day they would soak up some rays until early afternoon and then Roy would fuck Justin once more before Justin's parents arrived home from work. 

TWO MONTHS EARLIER

Roy and Justin were neighbors and they had attended the same high school. They did not hang out in high school as they ran in different circles. Roy was a jock and dated a cheerleader named Susan. Justin was still finding out about himself and he liked boys more than girls although he had not had sex with either. They were a contrast in stature as Roy was 6'2" and a fit 180 pounds and Justin was 5'6" and a slender 145 pounds. 

Roy was muscular and he was blessed with a nice cock that Susan dearly loved taking in all her holes. She measured it once when Roy was rock hard and it was just shy of 8" long and a little more than 5" around. Justin on the other hand had a feminine looking body with a very curvy ass and an average size cock of 6" long and almost 5" around. Roy had dark brown hair and his body was ripped with washboard abs. Justin had light brown hair but hardly any body hair and his skin was flawless. His hair covered the nape of his neck and looking at Justin from behind he could easily be mistaken for a girl.

It was only one week after high school graduation and Roy was outside doing yard work while his parents were at work. He was already missing his girlfriend and wondering what he was going to do about sex while she was gone. Justin had walked out to get the mail and he spotted Roy working in the yard. Justin said hi to him and received a casual wave in reply. Justin liked Roy and he liked looking at Roy's muscular body. Justin tried to imagine what it would be like to be naked with Roy in bed.

Two weeks passed by before the two boys finally got together. Justin began fantasizing about Roy and he jerked off regularly while thinking about him. Justin began to finger his anus as he jerked off and imagined that Roy was fucking him. Justin had never had sex with anyone but he had gotten a hold of a gay porn movie which he watched all the time and studied the technique of the porn actors. Justin began putting bigger things in his ass than his fingers. He started with carrots and he liked the tapered shape as it allowed him to increase the thickness gradually. Next he tried small cucumbers and he managed to stretch his anus to where he was sure that he could handle a cock in there.

In those two weeks Roy was also climbing the walls and jerking off thinking about Susan. Roy was ripe for a seduction but he never expected it to be Justin. One day Justin invited Roy over to use the swimming pool and Roy accepted. For a week Roy went over every afternoon and hung out at Justin's pool. Both boys wore bikini Speedos showing off Roy's package and Justin's curvy ass. More than once they checked each other out with Justin being curious about the size of Roy's cock and Roy looking at Justin's shapely ass. Roy surprised himself when he thought that Justin had a nicer ass than Susan.

One Monday late morning Roy joined Justin at the pool as Justin had invited him for lunch as well. They were both covered in sunscreen lounging by the pool when a thunderstorm caught them by surprise. They dashed inside laughing as hail fell behind them. Once inside, Justin offered Roy a beer and then they went into the family room to watch TV until the storm passed. They draped towels on the furniture and remained in the bikini Speedos.

Justin broke the ice and asked about Roy's girlfriend Susan, "Do you miss Susan?"

"Hell yes, I haven't gotten laid in weeks," Roy blurted out.

"Oh wow, so you two were doing the dirty deed," Justin observed.

"Oh yeah, she is great in the sack and we had great sex together. What about you Justin? What do you do for sex? I haven't seen you dating anyone," Roy challenged.

"No, I haven't been dating. I just jerk off when I have the urge. Do you jerk off thinking about Susan?"

"Yeah, I have to admit I do. I think about the times we had sex together and I visualize fucking her again. It works but it's not the real thing."

"Did you two have oral sex together?"

"Sometimes, she liked to do a 69 so we could eat each other."

"Wow that sounds hot!" Justin said trying to picture what it would be like to suck Roy's cock.

"My favorite was anal sex though. Susan loved it in the ass and anytime she had her period that's what we did," Roy added.

Justin looked at Roy's crotch and saw that his cock looked larger. "He must be getting an erection," Justin thought to himself.

Justin then felt his loins stir and he got up to get a couple of more beers. Roy watched Justin walk in to the kitchen and his loins also stirred when he looked at Justin's ass. Justin returned with the beers and he noticed that Roy had a massive erection in his bathing suit. Justin blushed and then sat back down.

"Damn all this talk has got me horny. Too bad you're not a girl, I'd fuck your brains out right now," Roy announced.

"I could be," Justin said nervously.

"You could be what?"

"I could be a girl. I could suck your cock or you could fuck me," Justin offered with trepidation.

"Are you gay? Have you been with other guys?"

"No I haven't but I have been thinking about it and about you in particular," Justin admitted.

"I'm not gay. You know that, I'm fucking Susan," Roy snapped.

"I know but Susan's not here. Wouldn't a blow job be better than jerking off," Justin asked boldly now. 

"Sure but with a guy, besides you said that you haven't sucked a cock yet."

"Right but I would love you to be my first. Look how hard you are. Can I see your cock?" Justin almost begged.

"I'm going to take it out but not a fucking word to anyone, understand?"

"I promise," Justin replied excitedly.

Roy pulled his Speedo to the side and his erect large thick cock popped out. It looked beautiful to Justin who came over and knelt along side Roy. Justin marveled at the beautiful cock and for the first time took a cock other than his own in his hand. Justin loved the feel of another cock and he stroked it slowly sliding his hand all the way up and down the shaft. Roy groaned with pleasure as a male hand different than his own stroked his erection. He closed his eyes and tried to picture Susan jerking him off.

Roy felt the wetness cover his cock as Justin took several inches in his mouth. It was a familiar sensation for Roy but Justin's first experience. Justin recalled what he had seen the porn actors do in the movie and he tried to replicate those moves. Before long his head was bobbing up and down testing his gag line and he had Roy groaning in pleasure. Justin loved sucking cock and he knew that he was now hooked forever. Roy just kept his eyes closed and enjoyed the oral sex but he had a difficult time accepting that it was Justin's first time.

Justin then let the cock head rest against the roof of his mouth and ran his tongue down the shaft of Roy's dick. Justin had seen that in the movie and it looked so hot that he had to try it on Roy. As Justin's tongue ran up and down Roy's cock and swirled around the shaft, Roy felt his ball sac tighten. Roy knew he would explode at any second but elected not to warn Justin of his imminent ejaculation. Roy decided if his gay neighbor wanted to suck his cock then he should taste his cum. 

Roy's balls tightened and he felt tingles all the way down to this toes just before he unleashed a massive load into Justin's mouth. Justin was startled by the force of Roy's ejaculation and instinctively pulled his mouth off the throbbing cock. The second, third and fourth blasts hit Justin in the hair, face and neck before he aimed the spurting cock at his chest. Justin was overwhelmed with the volume and force of Roy's ejaculation but he was also thrilled that he had sucked his first cock. Justin took the cock back in his mouth and sucked it dry. To Justin's surprise, Roy remained rock hard and Justin suddenly had the desire to take the cock in his ass.

"That was one hell of a blow job Justin. Are you being completely honest with me that I am your first?"

"Yes, I'm so glad I was able to pull it off," Justin replied happily and then asked boldly, "Roy would like to fuck me? I would like you to be my first there too."

Remembering how he stared at Justin's curvy sexy ass, Roy envisioned his big cock sliding in out between the shapely buttocks. "What the hell, an ass is an ass," he thought to himself. "Okay Justin, let's take this to your room and I will give you an ass fuck to remember," Roy promised.

Justin got up and walked to his bedroom with Roy right behind him. Roy stared at the hot looking round ass encased in the bikini Speedo and all a sudden he was excited about fucking his neighbor. Both boys stripped off their swim suits and Justin got in bed on all fours. He handed some lubricant to Roy and then lowered his head to the mattress. Roy was surprised that he was handed the lubricant. He had greased up Susan's ass many times but now he faced a guy's ass. Still Justin looked so feminine on all fours with his curvy butt in the air that Roy put aside any reservations.

Roy lubricated Justin's ass with one then two fingers and he was surprised how quickly Justin loosened up. "Are you sure that I'm your first? Your ass has been stretched before," Roy asked.

"Yes, I've been putting things in my ass but yours will be the first cock," Justin said nervously.

Roy thought I got his virgin mouth and now I'm going to take his virgin ass. He lubed up Justin's ass thoroughly and applied an ample amount of lube to his cock. Roy then added his saliva making his cock very slick just as he had done so often with Susan. Satisfied that he was slick enough, he moved closer to Justin and placed his cock at the nether hole. 

Roy's cock head cleared the sphincter and he fed it to Justin a little at a time. Justin's ass chute was warm and tight as Roy went deeper and deeper into him. Soon he was all the way in Justin's ass and he started a slow fucking motion. Roy continued to pump Justin's ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts. He caressed Justin's smooth round ass as he fucked it. 

Justin asked Roy to fuck him harder and quicker. So Roy picked up the pace and he pounded Justin's ass faster and faster. Roy's balls started bouncing off of Justin's ass and Justin moaned with each thrust of Roy's cock. Roy could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed in Justin's ass. Roy tried to make it last as long as possible but once Justin contracted his sphincter muscles Roy lost it. Roy fired a barrage of cum in Justin's ass filling it to overflowing. Roy couldn't remember the last time that he came so much. As Roy continued to fuck, his cum backed up in Justin's rectum and oozed out flowing over Justin's balls. Justin instinctively used his sphincter muscles to milk Roy's cock and drained it dry. Justin's milking action weakened Roy and sent tingles through his body. Roy pulled out of Justin and collapsed on the bed next to him.

Justin rolled over on his back and jerked off. Roy watched as Justin stroked his cock. Justin fired a round of spunk into the air. The first couple of streams landed on Justin's face, neck and chest. The remainder of his load landed on his abs and pooled around his pubes. They talked about what happened between them and promised each other to keep quiet about it. They had the rest of the week ahead of them and both wondered if their encounter would continue. That didn't take long to figure that out.

Roy's cock started to stir as he was ready for more action. Roy sat on Justin's legs just below Justin's buttocks and rested his semi-hard cock in the crack of Justin's ass. Roy massaged each of Justin's buttocks relishing in the feel of the round firm globes. Roy felt his cock begin to harden again and within a few minutes of rubbing Justin's ass Roy was erect again. Roy's huge hard cock was nestled in the crack of Justin's ass and Roy slid his cock within the fold of Justin's buttocks.

Justin felt Roy's cock harden again and he said, "I think that you like my ass Roy"

"I do like your ass. I like fucking you in your hot little ass," Roy replied.

"Are you going to fuck me again now?" Justin asked in a sultry voice.

"I think I will. I'm hard again so I might as well fuck your curvy ass," Roy answered.

Roy smoothed the lotion all over his cock and then he poured some of it in the crack of Justin's ass. Roy then fingered Justin's asshole making sure that it was well lubed for another round of butt fucking. Satisfied that Justin was sufficiently lubricated, Roy eased his cock into the boy's hot ass for the second time. Justin pushed his buns up to meet Roy's penetration and the cock slid in easily. Justin groaned as the thick shaft filled his anal passage again. Roy fucked Justin for what seemed to be hours before he finally came again in Justin's ass and then Roy collapsed on top of Justin. The two of them remained in the same position for several minutes before they separated. Roy rolled off of Justin and lay on his back beside the pretty teenager.

Minutes later they got up and they both took a shower. They put their Speedos back on and Justin got lunch ready for them. After lunch they both returned to the poolside with a couple of beers and contemplated what had just happened between them. "How do you feel," Roy asked.

"I feel okay but a little constipated. My ass still feels full even though I washed your cum out of it," Justin replied and then asked, "What about you, any regrets?"

"No although it does feel weird to have fucked my neighbor. It was good though and I liked fucking you. You have a great ass," Roy admitted.

"I really like your cock and I loved sucking it too," Justin added.

"You give great head. It's still hard to believe that it was your first time but I believe you," Roy responded.

"Do you think that we will do this again?" Justin asked hopefully.

"I'm sure we will but I think we did enough for one day," Roy replied with a chuckle.

Later that afternoon Roy dressed and returned home. In bed that night he kept thinking about what he and Justin had done. On one hand Roy was upset that he had had sex with a guy but on the other hand he had to admit that it was great sex. Justin had not asked Roy to reciprocate and Justin seemed fine with the arrangement. In the other house, Justin was in bed thinking about Roy. Justin massaged his balls and stroked his cock as he replayed the day's events. Justin hoped and prayed that he and Roy would continue to have sex that summer.

As it turned out that week, Roy and Justin had sex together everyday. On Tuesday Justin asked Roy to fuck him missionary style. Justin lay on the bed on his back with his legs splayed. Roy moved between Justin's legs and slipped his rock hard cock into Justin's ass. Justin held his legs apart as Roy buried his cock deep into his neighbor. Roy fucked Justin in this position for quite sometime before he was ready to cum. Roy didn't enjoy the missionary position as much as he preferred to look at Justin's curvy buttocks when he was fucking him. However, Roy accommodated Justin's desire for that position as it was the least he could do.

Roy watched as Justin's hard dick bounced off his tummy as Roy pummeled Justin's ass. Surprisingly, Roy had the urge to hold onto Justin's cock as he fucked him. Justin squealed with delight when Roy grabbed Justin's cock and began to jerk him. Justin screamed out loud that he was close and Roy jerked him faster. Justin came in buckets and the first shot went past his head and splattered against the headboard of his bed.

From that day on, Roy would become accustomed to jerking off Justin's cock. In fact he started to look forward to it. Roy loved to watch Justin shoot cum onto his body. Roy learned to tease Justin and at times he would squeeze Justin's cock tightly to delay the ejaculation. Roy would finally release his grip on Justin's cock and Justin would shoot past his own head and splatter the headboard or the wall behind it. After the first shot soared by Justin's face and hit the wall or headboard, the second and third volleys would hit Justin on the neck, chest and abs. Finally the remaining cum would ooze from his cock and puddle around Justin's pubes. 

On one occasion after Justin came all over his own body, Roy pulled his big cock out of Justin's ass and sprayed his load on Justin's body. Justin watched as Roy's first discharge reached Justin's neck and then as the second, third and forth sprays covered Justin's body. Justin's and Roy's semen merged into one pool and puddle on Justin's body. Roy and Justin also played games at times as Roy would try to cum in Justin's ass as many times as he could without pulling out his cock. Roy only made it to three ejaculations when keeping his cock buried in Justin's ass, although he did come close to a fourth one time. Roy enjoyed fucking Justin's beautiful ass and he savored every moment he was buried in him. Roy always took his time fucking Justin as he tried to make each fuck session last as long as possible. 
