 We had returned from the cabin, where I had helped my daughter's boyfriend with a problem. He was having control problems. He had a very quick trigger. Ok, to be honest, I helped him not cum so fast by blowing him several times a day. I mean, I did tell him he had to focus on something else instead of his cock. But mostly I sucked his cock with a vengeance. 

But we were back home now and things would get back to normal. Well they did for a couple of days anyway. It was Wednesday, I was at home as usual, since I work from home. My daughter, Anna, and my wife, Jill, had planned a girls day. Shopping, spa, hair... shit like that. My sons were visiting friends back at school in a small town a hundred miles away.

I was at my desk, working on some tax issues (I had filed an extension), when the doorbell rang. I was in a foul mood, working on taxes does that to me, so I was sort of forceful when I opened the door. Mark was there, and I guess I startled him. "Uh hello, Sir." 

My mood softened immediately. "Hi, Mark, I'm sorry, but Anna isn't here." I explained.

"Yes, I know. She told me she had plans with her mother today." He looked rather nervous, almost like a child caught doing something wrong. "Can we talk?"

"Sure, Mark, come on in." I led him into my office, and motioned for him to sit on the leather sofa in there. "Would you like a soft drink, it's a little early for beer?" I retrieved us drinks from the mini fridge. 

"So, what can I do for you?" 

"You, remember when I had a date with Anna on Monday? Well we went parking up on the bluff out by highway 12." A spot I remember well from my youth. Most everyone around here lost their virginity on that bluff. "We got into the backseat, and were going at it pretty heavy. I was hard by the first kiss. She turns me on so much. Anyway, after about ten minutes, I got her blouse off. I fumble with the bra snaps for a few minutes, before it finally surrendered. So I'm playing with her beautiful tits, when she reaches for my zipper. I don't know if she is going to let me fuck her, or what. So I helped her open my pants and shove them down to my knees. 

"She starts stroking my dick and I did like you said. I thought about my high school baseball team. That worked for a while. But, I felt myself building up pretty quick, so I stopped her from playing with it for a minute, by taking her hand, and kissing her wrist. Then, I worked my way up to her neck and she was moaning. So I proceeded to her tits. It was the first time I actually got my mouth on them. Oh My God, what nice tits she has. Well while I was distracted by her tits, she took hold of my cock again. I only lasted about six or seven minutes after that. I looked at the clock, it was only twenty three minutes from the time we got in the back, until I came."

"Well, that's not bad, Mark. It was your first time trying the new methods. And with the added excitement of sucking her breast for the first time, I'd say you did well."

"You really think so?" he still seemed anxious about something. "Because, I was thinking that I could use some more ..uh ..practice." 

Practice.. a rather bland euphemism for what I did to him. "By practice you mean a blow job?" I just wanted to get it out there in the open.

"Uh.. yes. You see Sir, Anna and I don't go out very often. And you know doing it myself at home, I tend to hurry, which defeats the purpose. What Anna does is nice, but it's not like what .. well it's not as good as..what you did." 

"I'll take that as a complement. You know, Mark, I wouldn't mind doing it for you, but no one can ever find out." Wouldn't mind? Hell my heart was doing flip flops. I must have swallowed a pint of his tasty cream at the cabin, yet I was starving for more.

"Yes Sir. I understand Sir.Absolutely." I felt like Flash from the fantastic 4, I was on my knees in front of him so fast. I couldn't wait to get to his meat. I yanked his pants down, and gobbled his cock. I was instantly in heaven. There is just something about this young man. I will never be able to turn down a chance at his magnificent cock. 

He threw his head back and closed his eyes, as I worked his meat. After a while he grabbed my head in both his hands, and fucked my face. He could have choked me to death with it, and I would die happy. He took twenty five minutes of my best effort before he blew his load. His cock was in the back of my throat for the first volley, so I withdrew a little so I could tasty his offering. I took two more shots before I had to swallow. Then three more. Then a final two. Damn you would think he had been saving up.

I sat on the floor in front of him, just nursing his cock. I wish he could drag me around all day with my lips locked to the base of his cock. While I was enjoying my time with his cock in my mouth, I had an idea.

"I have an errand to run, Mark, but if you come back in about thirty minutes, I will take care of you again."

"I was hoping you would say that Sir." he said as I led him to the door.

I took the time to prepare everything. I hoped I wasn't going to regret this. When Mark returned, he started to remove his clothes in the den. 

"Why don't we go up to my bedroom?" I didn't expect the girls back for at least three more hours. so I had plenty of time. He took off his clothes, and I started working his python with my mouth. When I could tell he was really into it, I said. "You know, Mark, you are going to have to practice your control while fucking too."

"I can't Sir. Remember I promised Anna I wouldn't sleep with any other girls."

"Last time I checked, I'm not a girl." He looked confused for a moment, then his eyes flew open.

"Are you saying I can...you'd let me.. I mean..Have you done that before? I'm not small, won't it hurt?"

"No, I've never done it. It will probably hurt some, but I want to do it for you. Well, for me too I guess." 

"If you are sure. Ok."

I can tell you without a doubt, the cucumber I used to 'pave the way', is no equivalent to his cock. Mark was very kind. Even after the fat knob popped in, he was extremely patient. He worked slowly gaining depth a little at a time, trying hard not to hurt me. It couldn't have been easy for him either, with his hair trigger. Anna is very lucky girl, if he is as patient with her the first time. 

Spooned in behind me, he tweaked my nipple as he gained ground in my colon. I thought that was nice of him, considering I don't possess the rack my daughter has. Once he was seated in me completely, he moved slowly with only about three inch strokes.

By now I was starting to get into it. I drew my knees up to my chest, and pushed my ass back to him. Then I felt his balls hit against mine, and he had gained another inch in me. I wanted this, I needed this. I rocked back into him and he picked up the pace, probably giving me six inch strokes. His bell end was hitting my prostate, and I was moaning like never before. I reached behind me and grabbed his ass, pulling him in tight to me.

Then he really took control, rolling us over onto my stomach. He began to drill me like a cheap whore. I loved it. Luckily I had placed a towel on the bed beneath us, because I came within a minute. He lasted another twenty minutes, before my second orgasm gripped his cock forcing him to cum. I could feel his mighty cock pulsing in my belly as he filled me.

I lay there exhausted and sated, with Mark on my back, his cock slowly shrinking in my ass. Eventually, I extricated myself from under him, and went to the bathroom. I returned with a warm washcloth to clean him, and noticed him looking at me. I realized he had never seen my relatively, compared to his, small dick. I suddenly felt like the Beta male in the room. I'm not sure if it was because my dick was smaller than his, or because he just fucked me in the ass with his big cock. Somehow it didn't bother me, I didn't mind being the Beta to his Alpha.

He lay back with his hands behind his head, while I lovingly cleaned his wonderful weapon. "You really enjoy playing with it. don't you?"

"Yes, I guess I really do."

"But, you don't do anything with other guys?"

"No, Mark, only you."

"You know I have a friend who's never had a blow job.." I was already shaking my head.

"No, Mark, only you."

"Good, I'm glad to hear you say that." He said with no small amount of self satisfaction. 

We chatted more about his future plans, and how Anna fit into them. I was still holding and playing with his cock, this seemed to amuse him. He got hard again, and asked "Do you think we have time for another round? Or, are you too sore." I had to laugh to myself. He was definitely wanting my ass again.

Without a word, I got on my hands and knees, and he slid in behind me. He was gentle again, but it did go much easier this time. Not totally painless, but lots easier. Soon we had a nice rhythm going, and Mark seemed to be in a zone. His hands were on my hips, and he was twisting his as he fucked me steadily. 

Then, for the first time ever, he reached around and grabbed my dick. I came instantly. "You like my cock in your ass, huh Sir?' 

"I love your cock in me."

"So, we can do this again?"

"Anytime you want, I'm yours." It was odd actually saying it, but it was true. I would do anything for him.

"It's too bad you're not a girl, I would love to make you pregnant."

At that, I came again. I lowered my head, so I could see the action. I watched as his cock claimed me. He fucked me good. He fucked me into submission. He fucked me with self confidence. When he came, He pulled me back hard and forced as much of himself in me as he could, unloading deep in me. Making sure I knew who that ass belonged to. I could feel it coating my colon. It felt so natural. Like this is what my ass and also my mouth were made for. To please Mark. 

As I lay down on the bed, Mark collapsed on my back. I didn't want to move and ruin the mood. I felt so good with him on my back and his cock in my ass. I could feel his man muscle slowly deflate. My ass was disappointed. He didn't withdraw, instead he lay on me, slowly rotating his hips. I don't know if he was just enjoying the situation, or how my ass felt with his load to slosh around in. 

It wasn't long before I could feel his cock expanding inside me. As it grew, it stretched my insides. He was buried all the way in me, and started pumping me slowly again. I wasn't about to complain when he once more took my ass by long deep strokes. His hands were around my shoulders and his head was resting on my back. We were as close as two people could be.

"Do you like this Sir?" he asked me, almost lovingly.

"Yes, Mark. I love how you fuck me." It was true. My daughter should be so lucky the first time she gets fucked. If it's Mark doing it, I'm sure it will be fantastic for her.

He continued to slowly plow my wanton field, I hadn't felt this good since I took my wife's cherry. Now I know what it is like for women who get a dream cock to awaken their sexuality. He was in no hurry, he already knew he owned me, it as just a slow luxurious fuck. I didn't even care if he was thinking about Anna, it was me he was fucking.

"I could get used to this." he said. God I hoped so. "I like being in your tight ass, just as much as your mouth."

"I'm glad, Mark, I like you in my ass and mouth too. I want you there, always." Damn, how much of a school girl pussy did that sound like? I couldn't deny it's true, but damn.

"Good, because I will probably want to spend a lot of time in you." That made my heart soar. 

"Oh God, fuck me Mark. I want your cum in me."

"You're going to get it. You'll be getting a lot of it. Is my big cock feeling good? Is it gonna make your little dick cum again?"

"Yes, I'm gonna cum again, keep fucking me." and I did. I hadn't cum this much since my honeymoon. Only this time I was on bottom.

"Here it comes. Ahh, yeah, take my cum."

We cleaned up and Mark left about 20 minutes before the girls came home. They brought home a bucket of fried chicken, so dinner was taken care of. My sons had not returned yet, so, it was just us three. 

After dinner, and my daughter modeling everything she bought (I think the entire store), I took a drink to the den and turned on the TV.

I was thinking about the changes in my life. Two weeks ago, I was just an average guy, with three kids, and a wife who loves me. I still loved her too. What the hell am I doing? My daughter's boyfriend is fucking my brains out and I love it, and I all but said I love him. He's eighteen for god's sake. On top of that, he's straight and in love with my daughter. Besides, I'm straight too. Okay the evidence says I'm bi. But still!! 

Thursday afternoon, Anna stuck her head in my office door, "Dad, can Mark come for dinner" Why did my heart rate just go up about a hundred points?

"Of course, baby, Mark is always welcome here."

Thirty minutes later, there was a knock at my door. "Sir, it's me." 

"Come in Mark." He entered and closed the door behind him. Again, the heart rate climbed. He came around the side of the desk, and leaned on the front beside me.

"Anna is helping her mom with dinner." I reached over and unzipped his jeans. He stood, as I struggled to get at his cock. I engulfed it immediately. I was like a starving calf at its mother's teat. "I knew you would want it. You can't get enough, can you?"

"Unt uh." I moaned, while still sucking furiously on my prize.

"Suck my cock good and I will let you swallow my cum." Damn, he really did know he owned me. Of course, I swallowed all he had to offer.

During dinner, Anna said "Daddy, Mom and I are going up to visit the campus next week, and look for an apartment for me, for the fall."

"I think that is a good Idea."

"Well, Mark was telling my how much fun he had fishing with you last week. And like, I was thinking, maybe you could take Mark fishing again?" she said in her little girl, 'I want something daddy' voice. 

I looked at Mark, who was staring at his plate while suppressing a smile. "I don't know, Baby. I'm pretty busy."

"Please, Daddy?" 

"Do you want to go Mark?"

"Yes, Sir, if it isn't too much of an imposition."

I looked at Anna. She was watching me, hopefully. I think she just wanted me to get closer to Mark, in case she decided to marry him. Little did she know how close we already were. 

"Ok, baby, anything for you."