 Craig knew he had no business hanging out in this area. The place had a reputation with a capital "R"! Of course, that is precisely what attracted him. Anonymous men were standing at the corner and along the rutted asphalt road running past the lake. If any of his friends at the frat house asked him what he was doing there he'd have said it was just for laughs, to see how the other half lived. He was just a normal guy who loved to drink beer and chase skirts like the rest of his brothers.

Sure he was! He swallowed hard as he pulled into a parking space next to the water and shut off the engine. His heart was pounding in his chest as he flipped off the lights and adjusted his seat, tilting the back to a more comfortable position. If his brothers asked, he'd never tell them about the strange feelings he experienced as a teen each time he walked into the tile shower room located to one end of the locker room. He tried to look casual as he traded barbs with his fellows, occasionally snapping his towel toward a friend's bare butt or making a snide comment about someone's crank. He had no explanation though, for the stirrings in his loins as he glanced across the cloudy room at glistening male bodies, searching out fingers quickly applying soap to genitals that came in all shapes and sizes. He noticed the guys whose cocks took on an extra heft as their fingers carefully completed their chore, aware that his own organ responded as well to the forced intimacy of the locker room and showers that followed each workout.

He sensed that some of the guys played with this sexual edge, experimenting with a brand of intimacy that most would reject out of hand. He recalled that fateful Friday night after a hard fought football game that his team just managed to win in the final minutes. He wasn't enough of a star to share in any glory that night. He wasn't even certain whether he'd attend the dance afterwards. He was a bit shy with girls and seldom put himself into circumstances where his reticence would be on display. 

He was slow to strip off his gear as his teammates rushed to get ready for their dates or the possibility of using their success to impress the unattached teen sweethearts who would offer themselves as rewards to the conquering heroes. He was one of the last into the shower, hanging up his towel before stepping beneath the hot needles of water. The room was thick with mist from the shower heads that had been flowing for quite some time. When he opened his eyes he saw two others at the opposite side of the room standing at shower heads next to one another. Their backs were toward him, offering him a view of broad shoulders, slender torsos and round bottoms. Through the mist Craig could see something out of the ordinary was happening. The boy on the left had extended his right arm toward his companion. Although the hand was hidden from view there was little question about what was occurring. He was clearly masturbating the boy next to him! Craig's young member quickly filled out, lifting into the stream of hot water cascading down his body. At just that moment the boy on the right turned ever so slightly, his substantial erection suddenly coming into view. His partner's fingers rode up and down the thick organ in what appeared to be a much practiced caress. Craig was so taken aback by what he was seeing that the slippery bar of soap escaped his fingers and dropped with a thud on the floor. Two heads quickly turned his way.

It seemed an eternity before he bent to retrieve his soap. Craig was aware of his own excitement and the realization these teens he knew so well were not only aware he'd caught them, but that what he'd seen caused his organ to unabashedly rise from his loins. Craig was at once embarassed beyond words and mightily excited. After he scooped up the soap he made a quick exit. More than anything he wanted to get out of there before he had to face either of the boys again that night.

As luck would have it his success in getting out of the locker room did not save him from encountering one of those guys later that evening. He was at the local drive-in grabbing a burger when Rob's chopped Mercury pulled next to him. He tried to be cool, but his classmate stepped out of his car and sauntered in front of Craig's bug until he was trying the passenger door. Craig reached over to release the lock and quickly swallowed his profound discomfort.

"Great game, huh?" Rob was nineteen, a year older than he was and on most occasions had little to say to him. Although he was perhaps one of the handsomest guys at school, he came from a fucked up family and got into more than his share of trouble. The cool guys avoided him and the cool girls, despite their curiosity, kept their distance. The guy Craig had seen in the shower with Rob was another outcast.

"Yeah." He glanced over at Rob, then returned his attention to his cheeseburger.

"Looks like you worked up an appetite." There was a short pause before he continued. "I get pretty hungry myself when I have a workout like that." He withdrew a small brown bottle from his jacket pocket and casually unscrewed the cap before tilting it to his lips. After a short sip he extended the bottle toward Craig.

"Help yourself." Craig hesitated but Rob kept the bottle in front of him. It seemed like some sort of test. Finally he accepted the offer, tilting the still moist glass to his lips before taking a stinging mouthful of bourbon. He swallowed with a grimace that brought a smile to Rob's face.

"So whadya think?" Craig was confused for a moment about what he was being asked. He'd never been asked to comment on the quality of booze before.

"It's okay. I guess I like beer better than booze." He took another bite of his burger, pleased to dilute the taste of bourbon in his mouth.

"I wasn't talking about the booze, yoyo." Rob was staring directly at him as he turned to meet his gaze. Then with practiced grace, the older boy lowered his eyes until he was staring directly at Craig crotch. Craig's heart once again accelerated as his breath caught in his throat.

"Shit!" The word escaped his mouth before he knew it.

"I saw your hardon buddy, so don't bullshit me. You were getting off on me and Brad." Rob took another sip of bourbon, his eyes once again meeting Craig's unsteady gaze. This was unlike any conversation he'd ever had in his young life and it scared the hell out of him! There was certainly no way he could deny his body's reaction to the scene in the shower room. It had shocked him as much as watching the two boys playing with one another. Even as he thought about it at that moment he recalled for the first time that Brad's less substantial cock had been erect too. Three teens stood in the otherwise vacant shower room, each with their young organs lifted into full attention. Craig felt a stirring in his loins as he recalled the scene. He crushed the empty paper in his fist and tossed it out the window, trying to find something to say to this boy, who seemed intent on causing him this excruciating embarassment. Then the thought crossed his mind that something else might be happening. Perhaps Rob was making a pass at him!?

Rob offered him the bottle once again and Craig took it without thinking. His mind continued to spin with images from earlier in the day and from other afternoons in the locker room or shower room. At precisely that moment he felt fingers on his thigh. He swallowed quickly, almost gagging on the hot liquid that seared his throat. He glanced around to see if anybody was observing them, if anyone had overheard their outrageous conversation. But there was no one around, no one paying attention to the two of them. Craig thought of bolting from the car but felt riveted to the cushion as the fingers moved higher. He couldn't believe this was happening to him! And yet his organ was growing in the front of his faded jeans, as though it was waiting for the fingers only inches away.

"You got something worth checking out." The words were a little less rough than the first casual comments. They carried an implicit compliment that he wasn't certain he wished to receive. But then the fingers were spreading over his genitals, quickly finding the shaft of his organ and squeezing him through the denim. The firmness of his cock announced his interest in what was being offered.

"Yeah, just as I thought." Rob stroked his cock as it extended to its full length. Craig felt frozen on the spot, unable to either resist or to participate in the strange happenings of the moment. Yet his cock betrayed him completely, enjoying the attention of the practiced fingers. He groaned as his hips lifted off the seat.

"Easy big fella." Rob's fingers were reaching for his zipper and Craig felt panic rise in his chest. What the fuck did he think he was doing?! But the zipper came down and a moment later those devilish fingers were searching in the front of his shorts. Suddenly his rigid member came into view, the thick shaft held firmly by Rob's long, slender fingers. Again the fingers were stroking him, only now they were touching bare flesh as they rode down, then up his throbbing cock. He'd never had anyone do this to him before! Craig shut his eyes for fear he'd see someone he knew in the dimly lit lot. He knew that lots of kids made out at the drive-in, that things got pretty hot in the back row where he was parked. But two guys?! Holy shit!

Suddenly he felt soft moist sensations on the tip of his cock. His eyes shot open as he gazed down at Rob's mouth affixed to his organ, lips spreading over the bulging crown as a busy tongue slithered down the side. The feeling was absolutedly out of this world! His hips lifted off the seat again and the head continued to descend, a combination that quickly buried his cock in the moist warmth of this boy's sucking mouth. Without warning he was coming, his cock erupting into Rob's mouth with a vengeance! He'd never had such a powerful orgasm! To his shock and delight, Rob simply swallowed his cum, continuing to suck as his organ surged through repeated waves of release.

Rob slowly unfolded himself from his cramped quarters, then without comment tilted his bottle to take a long slug of whiskey. He turned to give Craig a quirky smile, then opened his door to leave. After stepping out of the car he leaned over and spoke through the open window.

"Any time stud, any time." Craig observed the prominent bulge in the front of Rob's jeans as he walked past Craig's car on the way to his own. Craig was in a state of shock!

Craig did his best to banish from his mind the provocative memories of that encounter, though running into Rob every day at football practice didn't help. He made it a point to be among the earliest players in the shower after working out and was successful in avoiding a repeat of that initial encounter. However, the experience with Rob did little to diminish his furtive glances at the naked bodies around him. Yet the embarassment of having his organ fill out each time he was in the shower caused him to keep them short.

Since Rob was a year older, they never ran into each other in class, though they passed occasionally in the hall. Craig hadn't noticed before, but Rob often had a pretty girl at his side, though more often than not they were the kind of girl who had a bad reputation. Only once or twice did he see Rob walking with Brad, a circumstance that invariably caused him to blush.

Yet that short encounter in the front seat of his car wouldn't leave his awareness, especially when he was alone in his bedroom soothing the fires in his loins. At those moments the memory of soft lips and tongue pleasuring him drove him to new heights of arousal, matched only by the powerful release he'd experienced that fateful night. Something told him he'd be unable to refuse a second helping of such a delicious moment if the circumstance arose.

It wasn't until well past the end of the football season that that circumstance occurred. Craig was both relieved and disappointed when the season ended and he no longer made a daily trip to the shower. He was beginning to date a girl who was a year younger, hoping that a little affection from her would still his libido. Of course, Becky was a good girl, so he hardly expected she would offer him the pleasure Rob had provided that fateful night.

But then Rob reappeared. Once again it happened out of the blue, this time during a basketball game. Becky had the flu so he went by himself to cheer the team on. He noticed Rob in the crowd seated next to Brad, as well as one of the slutty girls he often hung out with. Craig was not much into the game, a one-sided win for his team, so when he noticed Rob he began stealing peeks every so often. At half-time he went to the refreshment booth as did most of the crowd if he was to judge from the milling students and faculty members jostling for position. Suddenly he felt fingers on his bottom. He jerked his head around and saw Rob standing close behind. The next thing he knew the older boy's crotch was pressed against his backside and there was no missing the prominence of a male member.

"I think a trip to the parking lot is called for stud." The words were whispered but there was no missing the intensity of the suggestion. Craig's organ surged in the front of his jeans.

"Whatdya say?" The body pressed against his moved with the shifting crowd, adding to Craig's discomfort. He turned again and nodded his head up and down.

"My car." Rob pushed his way through the clutter of people and slowly disappeared. Craig's heart was pounding excitedly in his chest. He wondered whether the person pressed to his frontside could feel his arousal as he eased to one side. He knew what he was about to do was dangerous, that if anyone caught the two of them there'd be hell to pay with his reputation and with his new girlfriend. But he couldn't say no to this boy, who'd already given him such intense pleasure.

Rob's car was parked near the corner of the lot beneath a large elm tree that sheltered the vehicle from the lights which covered the majority of the cars. As he approached he saw Rob's head above the seat back. When he opened the side door he froze when the interior lights illumined the teen's long, thick cock emerging from the front of his jeans.

"Shut the fucking door!" Craig did as he was told, slithering onto the seat cushion and closing the door behind him. Something told him that tonight the pleasure he'd experienced those many months before would of necessity be reciprocated. Despite the fact his organ was once again filling out the front of his own jeans, Craig remained glued to the side of the door next to him, as far away from that naked cock as he could But then fingers were on his thigh again and his breathing was suddenly coming in gasps. He was excited beyond anything he'd experienced before.

The fingers were now clutching his organ through the denim and his hips lifted off the cushion. His own fingers reached for the button at the top of his jeans and then began pulling the zipper down. Rob's fingers withdrew and resumed their casual stroking of that monstrous member now illuminated by the dash lights. Then Craig's cock was free and he began touching himself. He peered over at this strange teen, their eyes holding one another for a moment before they each directed their gaze to the other's erect penis. Rob moved at that moment and Craig was at a loss to understand for a moment what was happening. The boy turned toward him and began lowering his head toward Craig's crotch, which made sense based on what had happened that first incedible night. But Rob was also rolling his body against the stirring wheel, knees pulling up against the far door, naked cock extending toward the seat back. As lips began their fevered work at the crown of Craig's organ it suddenly dawned on him that all he had to do was lean to the left and that luscious looking cock would be available to his own lips. He needed no further invitation!

Touching the stretched skin with his tongue was like licking silk. Soon his lips splayed across the round knob and he found himself sucking another boy's cock for the first time in his young life. The two teen's pleasured one another and Craig knew he'd died and gone to heaven! Nothing had ever stirred his juices so powerfully as this simple act. Their hips jerked forward as tongues danced. Craig knew he was not long for this world as the spring within his loins got tighter and tighter. From Rob's groans he guessed that his partner in this obscene act was also nearing release. He found himself hungry for the thick juices he expected would soon flood his sucking mouth. And then they were cumming, two youthful cocks erupting as tongues twirled and throats swallowed. The fluid was at once salty and nutty as it spread across Craig's ladled tongue as he mimiced the older boy's continuing caress of his still surging organ.

When at last he lifted his mouth Craig was at once exhilirated and exhausted. The boys lay next to each other on the narrow bench seat of the old coupe. Craig's eyes watched in wonder as the organ still glistening with his saliva slowly contracted, the tip oozing the last of his partner's cum. Then they slowly rearranged themselves, methodically returning well serviced cocks to their shorts before closing the front of their jeans. It was only when they'd completed the task that Rob spoke.

"You're good kid, real good." Craig appreciated the compliment, yet couldn't help but cringe at the idea of being appreciated for something so forbidden as sucking another boy's cock and swallowing his cum. He met the older boy's gaze, not at all certain what to say. Rob saved him the dilemma by opening the door of his car and stepping out. As he did so he mumbled something.

"Gotta get back inside buddy. See ya around." Craig opened his door and turned to watch the handsome young stud sauntering toward the brightly lit gymnasium. Once again he observed the tight round curve of the boy's bottom and pondered his confusing feelings about boys and girls.

Craig's father was transferred about two months after that passionate night. Both Rob and Becky quickly became part of his past. He never got beyond some light petting with Becky and Rob was simply another student he passed in the halls. He'd expected another encounter with this sexy youth, and would have welcomed it if Rob had approached him. But he had no intention to initiate a meeting and it never happened. With Becky he certainly found himself aroused when after numerous attempts she finally permitted him to feel her firm breasts through her clothes. It was all so confusing.

He took his fantasies with him to his new school but as luck would have it, there was no one like Rob with whom to explore those wild feelings. So he turned all his attention to girls and despite his confusing feelings about sexuality, he enjoyed the opportunities he discovered for playing with girls. Yet while it was technically true he was not a virgin by the time he went away to college, it was also accurate to say he was far from experienced. It could be argued, though he would never admit it to anyone, that the intense encounters with Rob on those two well-remembered nights, were the best sexual experiences he'd had to date. No girl's breasts had yet to replace that long, hard cock in his mouth.

It was the second party held in his fraternity house since he'd pledged at the end of his freshman year. He still lived in the dorm and was looking forward to moving to the house at the beginning of his sophmore year. It was a balmy Friday evening and one keg of beer had already been emptied by his prospective brothers and their guests, most of whom were very lovely young women from the sororities on that side of campus. Craig was feeling no pain as he wandered around the large, rambling mansion that now served the chapter. In the larger, more public rooms there was lots of loud conversation and laughing as guys chugged huge schooners of beer and girl's giggled at inane jokes. In nooks and corners of the room he saw couples making out, though all of the participants seemed to be aware of the comings and goings around them and were quite restrained in their ardor. It was when he reached the second floor where most of the brother's bedrooms were located that he was treated to more intense activity. Some doors were closed tight but others were ajar and judging from the sounds emanating from behind the doors there was serious lovemaking going on.
