 Heavy, wet snow was putting the windshield wipers to the supreme test and they were failing. Slowly, the snow was being pushed onto the previous pile until the wipers had to quit. It would be impossible for me to go on, so I tried to get over to the side of the road and out of danger. The wheels were spinning but I was going nowhere. The dashboard clock read 02:15. A bar's sign twinkled through the large snowflakes. Getting to the bar through snow that seemed to be falling at a foot a minute was a formidable task.

The lights inside of the bar had been dimmed to one point before off. A, too dark, hallway twisted and turned several times before the checkroom became visible. "What time d'ya close?" I asked the giant-sized, bald guy.

"Whenever," He said, handing me a ticket for my coat. There was another short hallway with a half-turn that led me to the serving bar, in the middle of a very large ballroom. The light level was so low that I thought I might've been the only customer, although, I could hear talking and laughing. I ordered a draught beer. I hadn't had one in quite a long time and thought I'd enjoy a change. It was a big change from what I was used to, it was served in a waxed, cardboard cup. "What time d'ya close?" I asked the effeminate-looking barman.

"Whenever," he replied, smiling dutifully. I remembered the tune but not the name of the song, Whenever, Whenever. I thought it might've been from the Broadway show, Annie. It really didn't matter.

"Like, what time is whenever?" I couldn't help laughing.

"Well," he said, thinking it over, "I guess ya could say, whenever is when the guy comes in for the next shift." He smiled with his eyes.

"Hey, that's great, I guess I can stay for a while yet, huh?"

"You're welcome to stay till whenever," he said, actually laughing, this time. "Seriously, though, the official closing time is supposed to be 03:00 but, unofficially it's whenever."

"Maybe ya could let me have another beer whenever you have time." I laughed silently, believing I was in wheneverland.

I was somewhat surprised. No, shocked would be a better word. I was shocked, when my eyes had adjusted to the darkness, to observe two young guys at the bar, hugging and kissing. At first I'd thought they were standing, facing one another, and just talking. I'd never seen anything like that and wondered how come the barman was ignoring them. Being able to see reasonably well, now, I glanced at the couples dancing. The light wasn't good enough yet, I guessed, all the couples seemed to be boys.

Then, I realized I hadn't been much brighter than the bulbs, when one of the boys I'd seen kissing, was now sitting on the bar, getting a blow-job from the other boy. When the barman approached them I feared it might've been to put a stop to my entertainment. But, no, he casually moved the bowls of nuts and potato chips out of harms way and went on with his chores.

On my other side, at the bar, I watched as one guy was withdrawing his hand from inside the back of another's pants then he smelled his fingers. I watched the ritual being repeated, continually. Motioning the barman to come over, I asked, "Did you see what that guy's doing?"

"What's he doing?" The barman asked.

"He's sticking his fingers in that guy's ass then smelling them!"

"I'm sure the guy washed well, beforehand."

Yes, indeed, this is a gay bar, I concluded. I had nowhere else to go, so I thought I'd just stay and enjoy the unusual, entertaining performances. I took my beer and went around the bar to the back of the room to be sure I wasn't missing anything. It was actually becoming good fun. Especially on the numerous occasions when I had my butt squeezed by guys passing by. The first time it happened, I turned to see who had done it. The guy was looking back with an enormous smile on his face. After that, I didn't bother to look. There were several pool tables at the end of the room but nobody was in that area. I went over and took a cue just to form a bridge and pretend play. Of course, there weren't any balls on the table. I turned to replace the cue when someone took me by the arm. I turned to see who it was and suddenly I was being held by my other arm, as well. I had no idea where they came from. One moment I was alone, the next there were at least six guys around me. "Wazzup, guys?" I nervously asked.

"Nothin's up, man, we jus wanna play with ya, on the pool table," one replied, setting them all to laughing. I was relieved that it was nothing more than a game of pool they were interested in.

Well. let go of my arms so I can get a cue."

"Naaw, ya wont need a cue, mister gorgeous, let us help you onto the table." He laughed as I was suddenly lifted off my feet to be stretched out on the pool table.

'What the fuck's goin' on?" I asked, sharply, though I already suspected what was planned for me. Before I could call for help, one of them had jumped onto the table and pushed a long, fat cock into my mouth. My face was being viciously fucked while my pants were being pulled off. Oh, no, I thought, they're gonna fuck my butt, too.

Roughly, they raised my legs and pushed my knees up near my shoulders. Perspiring profusely, I smelled like Sumo wrestler's armpit. I tried to brace myself psychologically in anticipation of the excruciating pain I'd have to endure when a big knob is forced up my tight ass. But it didn't happen that way. Instead, I felt the incredible sensation of a warm tongue digging into my hole. Alternating between the tongue wash and an ass-fucking by several strong fingers, my cock sprang up.

Everyone was nude by now. A guy straddled me to suck my cock deeply into his throat. He was exceptionally gorgeous with a brush cut and a sweet smile that he quickly tried to change into a scowl when he saw me scoping his face. He thought he should retain the spirit of the attack, I guessed. Now, there was no need, at all, to hold me down- I had become a very willing victim. Even the cum that was, at that very moment, slithering down my throat was exciting me. Now, my face-fucker having exhausted his resources, I could've called for help, but why would I want to, now?

I understood that they had every reason to believe I was one of them, and that I would really get off on their simulated stage play. .

The great mouth, blowing me, moved back since there was more room. I grasped the opportunity and urged him back enough that I was able to lick his creamy, smooth ass and dig for his delicious caviar. His body, quaking violently, he sucked me with even more enthusiasm.

When an obscenely enormous knob was finally rammed up my drooling butt hole, I was ready for it. It was as though the large knob, serving as a plunger, had created pressure that caused my cum to explode into the boy's mouth. It was the most fantastic orgasm I'd ever had.

Too soon, it had come to a climax. The gorgeous boys had dispersed in all directions. The cute, blond boy who remained, and had been one of those that had held my arms, hadn't participated in any of the truly enjoyable activities so, I kinda felt sorry for him. I went to him and opened his pants to extract a very nice cock. Then I reverently knelt before him to suck him well past his huge orgasm. Now, walking around the bar, some of his thick cum, still being savoured in my mouth, I kept my eyes peeled for any other cute boys, for whom I could feel sorry, before the snow removal equipment could come to fuck it all up.