 I tied the belt of the pink silk robe around my waist, took a deep breath, and knocked on Mister T's door. He'd told me to knock on his door at 10 o'clock, and I waited until the last possible second.

"Come in!" I heard him yell.

I wasn't surprised to see Billy there. It did surprise me to see what he was wearing: a shiny, black leather thong. When he turned to face Mister T, I saw his milky-white bottom-cheeks fully exposed with a thin leather strap fitted snugly between his cheeks. 

That must be uncomfortable, I thought.

"Hang your robe on the door, Johnny!" Mister T instructed.

I took it off and hung it next to a black robe; it must have been Billy's. I wore only pink, diaphanous panties. I felt self-conscious about them being able to see my privates.

"Come over here!" he said.

I walked to him and stood beside Billy; we stood a couple feet in front of Mister T who was sitting in a plush, brown leather chair. I didn't look at Billy. I was still feeling stung by his betrayal.

"Well-well, isn't this nice," Mister T said. "My leather-boy and panty-boy together again...Johnny, I know you're mad at Billy, but like I said last night – he didn't have anything to do with this! I want to see you boy's kiss and make up!...go ahead, boys, KISS!"

We had to obey him. I faced Billy; he placed his hands on my shoulders and pulled me to him. His face seemed to be pleading with me – his eyes begged for forgiveness. I realized he was just as much under Mister T's control as I was. We kissed. His lips were insistent, soft and pliant. Tears welled in my eyes. My anger melted away by his lips.

"That's enough, boys, there'll be plenty of time for that later," Mister T said impatiently.

Mister T got up from the chair and went to the kitchen. We followed him like puppy-dogs.

Billy and I set the table and made toast while Mister T scrambled some eggs. Sausage and bacon had already been prepared. We sat down and ate breakfast. I had to admit it was pretty good.

"Johnny, so you know, if I'm in town, the three of us will eat breakfast together every day. Do you understand?"

"Yes, sir," I replied.

"Now, Johnny, you probably have a million questions as to what's going on, and what I expect of you..." I nodded. "Well, I don't want to hear any of them!"

I blushed.

"You will simply do as I say, or suffer the consequences. Do you understand me?"

That sounded ominous. "Y-Yes, sir."

"After breakfast, you and Billy will move your belongings upstairs into Billy's room. From now on, you will live with Billy. You belong to me, but for as long as Billy is here – you will also be his 'bitch'! He is going to teach you what you need to know. He will tell you some our 'little rules' around here. Obey him as you do me! Understand?"

"Y-Yes, sir." 

"For now, I will allow you to keep your job. Billy tells me it takes 22 minutes for you to get to work. If you work, like today, at 4 o'clock, you will leave here at 3:30. I understand you work until midnight..." I nodded. "Which means you will be back here before 12:30. If you are late – you will be punished! Do you understand me?"

"Yes, sir, but --"

"There are no 'buts'..."

"Y-Yes, sir."

"Finally, in the event you become comfortable with your newfound sexuality. If you embrace being queer, and you suddenly don't care who sees the photos and videos of you and Billy, you should know this: somewhere on your car is planted two grams of black-tar heroin – don't bother looking for it – you won't find it. If you cross me in any way, the police will be notified and you will be arrested. You will spend, at least, 20 years in prison as a drug dealer...and I don't think a pretty boy like you would enjoy prison very much, if you know what I mean. Do you understand me, boy?"

"Yes, sir." I was stunned. Prison? Could he do that to me? Oh my God!

"Good boy!"

We ate the rest of the meal in silence. My head was spinning. My heart sank with despair. Until that very minute, I hadn't realized the extreme seriousness of my predicament. 

We finished breakfast. Billy washed the dishes; I wiped them dry. 

We were about to leave when Mister T said: "Billy, why don't you stay here with me for awhile...this may be the last time we get to have some 'quality time' together." 

Mister T smiled, and winked at me. My hair stood on end.

I was instructed to begin moving my things to Billy's apartment, and I left Billy alone with Mister T.

I was numb with fear. My body went through the motions of moving my belongings to Billy's place, but my mind was lost in a fog of self-loathing and hatred. 

How could I have allowed this to happen? I asked myself over and over.

I finished moving my things while Billy was still with Mister T. My heart went out to him. I could only imagine what vile things Mister T was forcing him to do. 

My resentment towards Billy disappeared. I fully understood why he did what he did. He had no other choice. I would have done the same thing. I hoped he was alright.

I was showering when Billy came home. I heard the bathroom door open; Billy joined me in the shower. We embraced and kissed. There were tears in his eyes.

He whispered in my ear: "Johnny, I'm so...so sorry!" We kissed again and held each other tight.

"Billy—" I started saying, but he put his finger to my lips.

He whispered: "Mister T can hear and see everything we do...be very careful, okay?"

I nodded my head. I saw the fear in his eyes.

He continued: "Johnny, I'm going to have to treat you like shit – I have to! But it really isn't me, okay?"

I nodded again. I felt so bad for him.

He turned and I gasped: his beautiful bottom-cheeks were a mass of ugly, purple welts. He put his hand over my mouth. I took him in my arms and he gently sobbed on my shoulder.

Finally, he looked at me and whispered: "Johnny, promise me you'll stay strong and survive this! Promise me no matter what happens – you'll survive this!"

I looked him in the eyes, and said, "I promise!"

We were in the bedroom, and I was going to dress for work. Billy stopped me. He told me one of the 'little rules' was we would dress in the living room, and only when we were ready to leave. The rest of the time we were to wear our 'uniforms' – for him the leather thong, and women's panties for me. I carried my work clothes into the living room and placed them on a chair near the door.

It was about 15 minutes until the time I had to leave for work: Billy took my hand and led me to the large, floor length living room mirror.

"Before you leave for work every day, you'll get on your knees and suck my cock!" he said.

Now that was one rule I could live with! I immediately went to my knees, pulled down his thong, and gave him a marvelous blow-job. 

"Swallow it all!" he said as he was shooting gobs of cum into my willing mouth.

I licked his cock clean and dressed for work.

"Don't eat or drink anything until lunchtime," he said. "I want you to have the taste of my cum in your mouth until then!"

Wow. I knew he said those things for Mister T's benefit, but it sure excited me. My penis was hard inside my black lace panties as I walked out the door.

Maybe this wouldn't be so bad after all, I thought as I drove to work.

After work, as usual, a couple of the guys asked if I wanted to go have a beer with them. I did just that my first few days there, but that was out of the question now. I gave them a lame excuse and went home.

When I unlocked our door and went inside; I stripped to my panties in the living room, and carried my clothes into the bedroom. 

Billy wasn't home. I didn't really know his routine, but I hoped he wasn't with Mister T. I was tired and climbed into bed. 

I woke up when I heard the front door open. I looked at the clock, it was 2:30am. Billy came to the bedroom; I asked where he had been; he kissed me on the cheek and told me to go back to sleep.

The next morning, Mister T kept smiling at me as we ate breakfast. I smiled back at him. When Billy and I were finished with the dishes, Mister T excused Billy. As Billy pulled his robe on, he gave me a quick glance before he walked out the door. He had a worried look on his face and it scared me.

Mister T took my hand and led me to his bedroom. The door was heavy oak, he had me close it behind us and it took some effort to pull it shut. When my eyes got used to the dim lighting, I was amazed at what I saw. It wasn't at all like the rest of the apartment. This room had class!

Rich, dark brown mahogany walls; lush, thick carpeting, and the bed was huge -- larger than a king-sized bed. There was not a window in the room. He took my hand and showed me the master bathroom. There was a shower on the left, and a bathtub on the right. In the middle was a toilet, and next to it a fixture I'd never seen before. He saw the puzzled expression on my face and laughed.

"That's a bidet. You'll use that to clean yourself after I've filled that pretty bottom of yours with cum."

I blushed a deep red.

In the bedroom, he sat on an antique loveseat.

"Take off your panties," he ordered. I began to comply when he stopped me. "Not like that...hook your thumbs in the waistband and wiggle your hips like the girl that you are."

Huh? I wondered. 'Like the girl that I am'? 

I did my best. He laughed and said, "That's better. Do that from now on whenever you take them down!"

"Yes, sir."

I stood in front him. He examined me. He ran his large hands over my chest and pinched my nipples. His hands stroked my legs and thighs. It felt good – my penis became semi-erect. He chuckled. He cupped my balls with one hand and stroked my cock with the other. Soon, I was fully erect.

"Turn around!" he commanded.

I turned my back to him. I felt his strong hands on my shoulders, on my back and down to my legs and thighs. 

"Bend over!"

I leaned over as far as I could go without losing my balance.

"Spread your legs!" I opened my legs. "Wider!" He slapped my bottom.

He stroked my bottom-cheeks with both hands. Then he pulled them apart. I was keenly aware he was looking at my anus. I felt a finger rubbing my anus. Suddenly the finger pushed into me.

"UUUGGGHHHHHH...." I shouted. 

He laughed. He pushed his finger further into my hole. My hips tried to escape the unwanted invasion. He held me firm. When I felt the palm of his hand on my bottom, I knew his finger was all the way inside me. 

"How many cocks have you had in here?" He asked, as he began to saw his finger in-and-out of my asshole.

"J-Just Billy" I said. 

"Good...good...fresh...like a virgin." He said as he pulled his finger out of me.

"Kneel between my legs!" he ordered.

He wiped his finger in my hair. He held my head with both hands. He leaned forward and kissed me. My stomach was churning with revulsion, but I kissed him back. His lips were surprisingly soft.

He broke off the kiss and looked at my face. He studied my face.

"You're much to pretty to be a boy," he said in an odd voice. "No...you're not a boy... you're a girl...you're my pretty little girl...you're going to be Daddy's little girl...."

He kissed me again. He was scaring me -- I kissed him, too. I opened my mouth and let his tongue explore mine. He caressed my face. 

Over and over he repeated, "My pretty little girl...daddy's little girl...."

Then he said, "You're my pretty little girl now...you're daddy's girl...." He stroked my face.

I felt alarm and panic! Oh my God -- this guy is crazy, I thought.

"Little girl, from now on I want you to call me 'Daddy'...I'm your Daddy now – alright, little girl?"

His eyes burned a hole in mine. The intensity was too much. My skin was crawling. I wanted to be anywhere but here. I heard Billy's words in my head. I heard my promise to him.

I said, "Y-Yes, Daddy."

He kissed me. "Who are you, little girl – who are you?"

"I'm Daddy's little girl – I'm your little girl, Daddy."

He pressed my face to his crotch. I could feel his hard cock against my cheek through the fabric of his robe.

"Can you feel Daddy's cock, little girl? Does my pretty little girl want to see Daddy's cock?"

"Y-Y-Yes, Daddy. Please show me your cock, Daddy!"

He opened his robe. His seven inch cock was close to my face.

"Smell Daddy's cock, little girl!" He pulled my face closer to his crotch. His manly aroma filled my nostrils. My penis throbbed between my legs.

"Kiss it for me, little girl...Kiss Daddy's cock!"

I groaned as I puckered my lips and kissed the head of his cock. He held his cock, and moved my head up and down until I kissed every inch of it.

"Does my little girl want to suck Daddy's cock?"

Something in my head told me I'd better play along. "OHHH DADDY – PLEASE LET ME SUCK YOUR COCK – PLEASE DADDY!! – PLEASE!!"

He pushed his cock against my lips. I opened my mouth wide and my lips encircled his cockhead. I began sucking his cock – my tongue lathered his hot flesh. He moaned. I found his balls with my hand and fondled them. My other hand grasped the base of his shaft and stroked him. Nothing else mattered except the hard cock in my mouth. I worked hard to please him.

He was moaning non-stop. His hand on the back of my head. He forced my head lower. He forced more of his cock into my sucking mouth. I was moaning, too. Suddenly, I felt his balls contract; his penis throbbed and expanded and shot load-after-load of hot cum into my mouth. 

"SWALLOW DADDY'S CUM LITTLE GIRL – SWALLOW DADDY'S CUM..."

My own cock exploded when I heard those words. My hips bucked wildly; my cock spewed cum in mid-air. My body shook with my orgasm.

His softening penis was still in my mouth. I held it. I inspected it. I licked the greasy jizz off his cock. I licked him clean.

"Little girl,' he said pointing down, "You made a mess on my carpet – clean it with your mouth!"

"Yes, Daddy."

I used my lips and tongue to clean my cum off his carpet.

He closed his robe. He handed me my discarded panties. "Pretty panties for a pretty girl!" 

"T-Thank you, Daddy." I wriggled my hips for him as I pulled the panties in place.

We held hands as he walked me to the front door. I put on my robe. He held my head and kissed me on my cum-stained lips.

"We'll have a longer session tomorrow, sweetie...would Daddy's little girl like that?"

I saw something in his eyes. It spooked me. "Yes, Daddy...I would like that, Daddy!"

He kissed me goodbye and I left.

"Are you okay?" Billy asked when he saw the far-off, distant look in my eyes.

"Ah...I...yeah, I guess so." I mumbled.

I took a long, hot shower.

Billy and I sat on the couch waiting for my time to leave for work. He was reading a book. I was quiet – staring into space. He didn't question me about what took place earlier. I was grateful. I wasn't sure if I knew how to explain it.

Billy put down his book and leaned over and kissed me. His forefinger lightly rubbed my lips. I awoke from my dream. That was our signal.

I kneeled on the floor before him, and pulled down his thong. He lifted his hips to help me.

I sucked on his beautiful penis. I caressed his balls. I stroked his cock while I sucked him. He rewarded me for my efforts with a mouthful of cum. I swallowed every drop.

I dressed and left for work.

In the car it finally occurred to me. Today was the end of my work week. I'd be off work the next two days – that's why Mister T said we'd have a 'longer session' tomorrow. I shuddered at the thought of it.

The dictionary defines 'premonition' as either "a presentiment of the future; a foreboding." Or, "A warning in advance; a forewarning."

All night at work I felt a strong sense of foreboding about my upcoming 'session' with Mister T, and what took place today was my 'warning in advance'. He'd given me a 'forewarning' of what might happen tomorrow. The more I thought about it, I believed Mister T wasn't crazy at all, he was using psychology, and this mental game could get very dangerous – for me! He is a diabolical man. I hoped I was strong enough to protect myself.

I was quiet and withdrawn when I slipped into bed beside Billy. He intuitively sensed my mood. He stroked my chest. I turned and kissed him. We made love. Slow, unhurried, incredibly hot love. 

We lay head-to-tail, sucking each others' cock, and brought each other explosive orgasms. Then I kissed and licked his asshole until his cock was hard again. I begged him to fuck me. He got on his knees, placed my legs on his shoulders and fucked me slow and hard. When he finally shot his load inside me, my cock, untouched, spasmed and spewed cum on our bellies. Satiated, we kissed then fell asleep.

In the morning, at Mister T's, when Billy and I hung our robes on the hooks, Mister T came to me with open arms, and said: "My pretty little girl, give me a kiss!" He was wearing his customary robe.

He held me in his arms, we kissed, he asked, "Did Daddy's little girl get a good night's sleep?"

"Yes, Daddy," I answered.

I saw Billy frown when he heard us speak, but he didn't say a word.

After we finished the dishes, I expected Mister T to dismiss Billy, but he didn't. Instead, he had Billy sit beside him on the couch. I stood before them. Mister T put his arm around Billy.

"Don't we have a pretty little panty-girl?" he asked Billy.

Billy was nervous but said, "Ah...yes we do, Mister T."

Mister T motioned me closer. He ran his hand over my legs and thighs.

"Only one problem..." he said. "She has too much hair...Billy, I want you to shave her...I want Daddy's little girl to be hairless!"

Hairless? Oh my God, I thought.

He stood up. We followed him through his bedroom into the master bathroom. He gave Billy rubber gloves, and a tube of hair-removal gel.

"Life is so much more civilized these days," he said. "No more razors and shaving cream...take off your panties and stand in the shower, little girl." He said to me. I obeyed.

Billy put on the gloves and squeezed gel onto one of his hands. He rubbed it over my chest. Mister T directed him to my underarms; he applied the gel; next, Billy applied the gel to my legs; finally, Mister T directed Billy to my pubic hair, and the hair on my cock and balls. There was a slight stinging sensation as he rubbed the gel onto those areas.

When he finished I thought it was done. I was wrong.

"Little girl, turn around and bend over." I did. "Spread your legs wider!" I did.

Then I felt Mister T's hands open the globes of my bottom-cheeks exposing my anus to him and Billy.

"Billy, rub some gel on our little girl's pussy! Daddy likes a shaved pussy."

Shaved pussy? What in the world? 

My humiliation grew worse as I felt Billy apply the cool gel around my asshole.

"Okay," Mister T said, "We'll wait a few minutes for the gel to work its magic."

Mister T told Billy to get naked and get into the shower with me. He obeyed.

At Mister T's direction, Billy turned on the water and wiped the gel from my body, and with it – all my body hair. Now I really felt naked!

We dried ourselves and went into the bedroom. Mister T sat on the loveseat. Billy and I stood naked before him.

"I've decided we're going to change our 'routine'". He looked directly at me. "Little girl, you're going to live here with me. If you're to be properly 'trained' – I'd better take care of that myself...after all, there isn't much time until Billy will be leaving us."

"M-Mister T, I think—" Billy tried to speak but Mister T stopped him.

"Shut up, Billy!" Mister T glared at Billy. "Isn't it time for you to get ready? You have a busy day ahead of you, don't you?" 

Billy paused; he fidgeted. He clearly wanted to say something.

"GET OUT!" Mister T shouted at him. The tone of his voice made me cringe.

Billy, the blood drained from his face, his eyes bugged wide, picked up his thong and started for the bedroom door.
