 Thirty minutes later Lance is at the door to the lounge, tears streaming down his face, Vince's heart skips a beat seeing him naked and vulnerable like that.

"I-I-I'm s-s-sorry," he sobs.

Vince stands up and walks over to him, he puts his arms round him and gives him the biggest, warmest hug of his life. Lance hugs back just as hard.

"That had nothing to do with me did it?" Vince says.

Lance shakes his head, "My mother never let's me do anything around the house, she says I will just make a mess and do it wrong."

"The thing about hearing that all the time is you start to believe it yourself." Vince explains.

"I'm ready for my punishment now," Lance says wiping his eyes.

This is music to Vince's ears, he is slowly making progress with the boy but instead of taking the paddle to him he lifts his head and kisses him.

"I'm not going to punish you, you've already done that to yourself," Vince says, "Come on we haven't had breakfast yet, I bet you're hungry."

"Starving," Lance says feeling somewhat better.

"Are you ready to go back to being a slave again?" Vince asks.

"Yes Sir," he replies, he now has the urge to please Vince, he wants his approval. 

Vince fetches a large tub of yoghurt from the fridge and then leads Lance into the dining room.

"Ok, climb up on the table and lie on your back," Vince commands.

Lance complies, wondering what Vince has in mind. Vince then gets some rope and ties it to the cuffs on Lance's wrists, passes it under the table pulling it tight and tying the other end to the cuffs on Lance's ankles completely stretching him out on the dining table.

"I forgot to tell you, you are breakfast this morning," Vince says.

Lance is somewhat puzzled until Vince opens the yoghurt and spoons a dollop onto each of his nipples. Lance begins to giggle when he realises that Vince intends to eat it off him. Vince puts another couple of dollops on his armpits causing him to wince a little as the yoghurt is very cold, it feels well sexy though on his freshly shaved skin, he sees why Vince shaved him earlier.

Vince leans over Lance and starts licking it off his nipples, Lance groans at the wonderful sensation and he realises his cock is already at full mast. Vince expertly licks, sucks and bites the yoghurt off Lance's nipples, it's music to his ears to hear the whimpers of pleasure coming from the boy.

"Mmmmm, you taste delicious," Vince says when all the yoghurt is gone from his nipples.

Lance giggles, now this is fun, if this is what being a slave is about he could definitely get used to it. Vince moves to his armpits and Lance breaks out in hysterics as his tongue flicks around licking up the cool yoghurt off his freshly shaved skin. Lance wriggles on the table trying to bring his arms down but Vince has tied him much too well.

Once Vince has eaten all the yoghurt from his armpits he gets a fresh spoonful from the pot, "You hungry slave?" He asks.

"Yes Sir," Lance replies. Vince takes the yoghurt in his mouth then leans over Lance and kisses him, transferring the yoghurt.

Lance would have been repulsed at the idea of eating food out of another mans mouth twenty-four hours ago but now he's loving it. Vince then gets a fresh dollop and smears it on Lance's very hard cock and balls. Lance swears he's died and gone to heaven when Vince starts to lick it off. Starting at his balls he licks them clean swallowing each one in turn, then he licks up his cock and in one motion swallows him down completely. Lance cries out in sheer ecstasy as Vince massages his cock head by making deep growling noises.

"Oooh please sir, you're gonna make me cum," Lance announces, he was thinking of keeping quiet about it, just shooting in Vince's mouth but he would probably hit the roof for cumin without permission.

Vince pulls off, "You are not allowed to cum," he orders.

Lance groans, he really so wants to blow his load. Vince adds more yoghurt to Lance's cock then slowly licks along it's length, Lance groans, he has no idea how to control his orgasm, he's never needed to before. Vince again deep throats Lance and again growls with the cock head in his throat. The sensation is incredible and is sending Lance quickly over the edge.

"ARRRGHHH SIR STOP! FUUUCCCKKK! I CAN'T STOP IT! I'M CUUUMMMIIINNNGGG!" Vince pulls Lance's cock out of his throat as the boy erupts and let's him fill his mouth with cum, he so loves the taste of young cum. Lance's orgasm is immense, his whole body is shuddering as his cock delivers its load into Vince. An unwanted orgasm seems so much more intense knowing that there will be repercussions for reaching it.

"Oh fuck! I'm sorry Sir, I tried but I couldn't stop it," Lance cries.

Vince sits back in his chair and gently strokes Lance's naked body, 

"Please don't beat me, I'm really sorry, I did try," Lance begs.

Vince smiles, "I'm not going to beat you, I actually wanted you to cum, but didn't that make it much more exciting knowing you wasn't supposed to?" he says.

"Oh sir, you bastard!" Lance starts laughing, "Yeah, that was fucking amazing!"

Vince unties Lance then fastens his hands behind his back again and re-attaches the leash, "Come on lets get a proper breakfast," he says.

He leads Lance into the kitchen and Lance sits on one of the kitchen chairs.

"No," Vince booms, "slaves do not sit on furniture, you must always kneel in my presence,"

Lance immediately gets on the floor and kneels, "Yes Sir, sorry Sir."

As Vince starts cooking breakfast Lance kneels on the floor patiently, the smell of cooking bacon filling his nostrils and causing his stomach to rumble.

Shortly Vince brings over two plates of a nice fry up places one on the table and the other on the floor in front of Lance then unties his hands.

Lance is confused, "Sir?"

"You eat on the floor like all good slaves and you are not allow to use your hands."

Lance groans but he is too hungry to argue, he sees that the food is cut up to make it easier to eat so he leans over and tucks in. Soon the plate is clean. Vince picks up his plate and sniggers as he sees Lance has egg and beans all over his face, Lance blushes. Vince picks up a cloth and wipes him clean, Lance feels like a little boy again.

"Wait here," Vince says then disappears down the cellar, he soon returns with something electrical, it has wires, a control box and other devices. He also has Lance's trainers.

"Put these on," Vince says handing him the trainers.

Lance does so, then stands up, "Ok touch your toes," as he does he gets a feeling something is about to be inserted up his ass, and sure enough Vince lubes up a metal looking butt plug, he pushes it in causing Lance to yelp from it's coldness and a bit of pain. Then Vince puts a cock ring on Lance, fortunately his cock is flaccid and is easy to put on. It's a snug fit and makes Lance's dick and balls seem bigger, he likes this device. Vince then attaches wires from the butt plug and cock ring to the control box, it has a strap attached to it and Vince puts it over Lance's head so it hangs down his back, presumably so Lance can't get to the controls. Vince then attaches some nipple clamps to his nipples causing Lance to yelp at the sudden pain.

Lance is wondering what on earth this contraption does when Vince produces a remote control and presses a button. Lance almost jumps out of his skin, he quickly grabs Vince's shoulder and the counter to steady him self, the device sent an amazing tingling sensation through his groin causing his cock to immediately spring a full erection.

"Oh wow!" Lance gasps, "what is that?"

"It's something that is going to teach you self control," Vince then takes the leash and leads Lance out into the garden, his cock swaying as they walk.

Lance feels suddenly very exposed, he looks around and see's that the neighbours houses aren't visible from the garden, so he relaxes. It feels quite exciting to be outside naked, something he's never done before. He looks around the garden, it's even more impressive being in it.

Vince leads Lance to the garden shed and pulls out the lawn mower, "You're going to do some gardening," he says. Lance looks at Vince a little alarmed, he's never even had a garden let alone done any gardening. "Don't worry, you're only going to mow the lawn."

Lance is worried, he hasn't got a clue how to do this, Vince starts up the lawn mower and it chugs into life

"Please sir, I don't know how," Lance says.

"It's easy, you push it. When that box at the back gets full you empty it in that bin over there," Vince says pointing to a grey plastic trash bin, he gives Lance a quick demonstration.

"Do you think you can manage it," Lance looks at the machine and nods his head.

"Oh, if you manage to finish the lawn before you cum you'll get a reward, if you cum before you've finished you'll be punished."

Lance pushes the lawnmower, wondering what he means when Vince hits the remote and electricity starts pulsating through Lances groin.

"Oh my god!" he gasps almost collapsing, the sensation is wonderful, it's like he's being massaged from the inside. The electric patterns seem to change randomly, sometimes being slow long pulses to quick hard stabs. His cock twitches and he realises that this machine has the ability to make him cum, he figures better get mowing!

Vince gets on a sun lounger and watches this little beauty mowing his lawn, stark naked except for his trainers, his cock swaying as he walks, knowing he is controlling the pleasure he is feeling in his groin, it's such a turn on he pops a boner.

The sun is shining brightly and Lance is building up a sweat, he gets a quarter of the lawn done when he sees the collection box is full, so he detaches it and takes it to the bin where he empties it. When he returns to the mower and resumes mowing, the pulses become more intense, he staggers a little as it catches him unaware. He looks over at Vince who is smiling and stroking his huge cock, he is never going to complete the lawn if Vince keeps this up. He shakes his head and decides to concentrate on the job in hand putting all sexual thoughts out of his head.

Halfway through the mowing Vince steps up the intensity more and he notices that Lance is struggling to walk properly now. Lance is in absolute bliss, what should be a chore is really making him super horny. With the electrical pulses, the sun beating down on his naked body and the breeze gently caressing his exposed cock and balls, he feels life couldn't get any better.

At the last quarter Vince steps it up even more. Lance is really struggling now, he's sweating profusely and panting heavily. He's determined to get through this without shooting his load, he gets to the last few feet when Vince cranks it right up, it's starting to feel painful now and he almost collapses to his knees. He can feel his orgasm building, he grits his teeth screams out loud and pushes the mower the last few feet. Suddenly the pulses stop and Lance collapses on the lawn, his cock right on the edge of blowing it's load.

"Arrghh fuck! Fuck! Oh god! Man!" he pants.

Vince walks over and stands over the exhausted boy who's cock is leaking masses of precum.

"How do you feel boy?"

"Horny as fuck... Sir!" he gasps looking up at Vince's huge erection swaying over him.

"Well you finished without cumming, I'm impressed, you get your reward," Vince says helping him up. Lance is wondering what his reward is, could it be he gets to suck on that massive cock, he want's it so bad his mouth is watering.

Vince turns off the mower and they head to the patio, he instructs Lance to lie face down on the sun lounger.

"Before you get your reward we need to oil each other up so we don't get sunburned," he says applying sun lotion on Lance's back.

He disconnects the controller to get the wires out of the way but he intends to keep the device on Lance for now. Lance groans with pleasure as Vince's large hands work in the lotion, it feels so nice to have someone touch his nakedness, his hard cock is pressing into the sun lounger underneath him. Vince then instructs him to turn over and he works in more lotion, he removes the nipple clamps and Lance cries out as the blood returns to his sensitive nips. Vince spends a bit longer than necessary on Lance's cock almost causing him to blow his load.

"Arrghh Sir! You're gonna make me cum!" Lance shouts.

Vince stops and stands up, he helps Lance up and hands him the lotion and before lying down himself reconnects the controller. Lances boyish hands work the lotion into the big mans back, Vince groans in delight at Lance's touch, it's so soft and delicate, it's really turning him on. Vince presses the remote and hears Lance gasp as the pulses start up in his groin again.

Lance is so sexed up, and touching this powerful man's body is really turning him on too. After applying lotion to Vince's legs he concentrates on his ass, the large firm buttocks feel solid compared to his own soft cheeks. He slips his hand down Vince's crack causing him to groan, Lance is pleased that Vince is enjoying it. Vince then turns over, his huge cock on show for Lance, the boy licks his lips, when will he get that thing in his mouth? Lance quickly applies lotion all over Vince but spending time on his large firm pecs, his nipples hard and erect, Lance teases and pulls on them, Vince groans. Eventually he reaches Vince's groin and he starts to apply the lotion. He starts with the mans large tight testicles, massaging them gently, Vince is in heaven, he hasn't had anyone touch him like this since Anthony. Lance then works his way up Vince's member, he stands it up and admires it's massive size, Vince watches Lance as he works in the lotion taking time to work it in to the head, running his fingers around the glands. Vince can feel an orgasm racing up, he has never cum this quick in years, this boy really does it for him. He places his hand on the back of Lance's head and pushes it closer to his cock, Lance's heart skips a beat as he thinks he's going to get to suck on it at last. He opens his mouth but Vince just holds him near it. Vince cranks up the controller and Lance starts gasping as the pulses massage his cock and prostrate towards an orgasm.

"I'm going to cum boy, I want you to swallow every drop, this is your reward," Vince groans.

Knowing that Vince is about to blast his cum in his mouth causes his own orgasm to race up.

"ARRGHHH SIR! I'M CUUMMIINNGG!" Lance screams.

"URRRGHHH SHOOT THAT LOAD BOY!" Vince Bellows just as his cock explodes into Lance's waiting mouth, at the same time Lance blasts his cum all over Vince. Lance hungrily laps at the spunk spurting from Vince's cock like a cat lapping cream, he can't get enough. If someone had told him yesterday that he would be swallowing another mans cum today he probably would have hit them but here he is drinking it like a water fountain. Eventually their orgasms subside and Lance licks up what bits of cum he missed off Vince's cock and stomach. Vince sees that Lance is flinching a little and quickly turns off the controller. Lance lays his head on Vince's chest exhausted.

"You earned that little treat," Vince says stroking Lance's hair, "did you enjoy it?"

"Yes Sir, thank you Sir," Lance replies, " I like the taste of cum, I never thought I would but I really do, especially yours."

Vince passes Lance a beach towel, here lie down next to me on the decking and get some rest. Lance spreads the towel out and lies face down, Vince sees the butt plug still in his ass so he gives it a quick yank pulling it out causing Lance to groan. Within seconds Lance is fast asleep, Vince looks at his sleeping beauty and strokes his naked body, he is really starting to like this kid after all.