 Later that afternoon they watch a movie together, Lance sitting on the floor at Vince's feet, resting his head on his leg. Now and again Vince would get Lance to fetch refreshments for him then feed him tidbits like a pet dog.

"I'm starving," Vince says when the film has finished, he looks at the clock and it's gone seven. "Let's go out to eat," He suggests.

Lance hopes to god he doesn't want him to go out naked but his fears are abated when after leaving the room Vince comes back in with some clothes. But not his.

"These belonged to Anthony," Vince says, sounding somewhat subdued.

"Permission to speak Sir,"

"Go ahead."

"What's wrong with my clothes?" Lance asks.

"Seriously, I will not have a slave of mine looking like a chav," Vince Barks. "Anthony was about your size so they should fit."

Lance gets up and looks at the picture on the mantelpiece, "He's very handsome sir, where is he now?"

"He died five years ago," Suddenly Lance feels a bit weird at wearing a dead boy's clothes but also sad for Vince's loss.

"Did you love him Sir?"

Vince stands behind Lance and puts his hands on his shoulders, "Very much so,"

They stand in silence for a short while, Vince thinking about how much Lance reminds him of Anthony and Lance thinking how he felt when his father died.

Vince snaps out of it, "Come on I'm hungry let's get you dressed, but before you dress put this on." Vince hands him the electro cock ring.

Lance is suddenly filled with dread, is he going to use it while they are out?

"Bend over," Vince commands and as Lance does so he inserts the electro butt plug. There is no question in Lances mind that Vince intends to use it. He is filled with apprehension and excitement at the possibility of being made to cum while out in public. 

Vince helps Lance get dressed making sure the wires come out from behind him, the clothes are very smart, a nice pair of jeans with loafers and a nice cut dress shirt. Vince puts a really nice leather jacket on him and puts the controller in the inside pocket making it and the wires hidden. He then takes a brush to Lance's beshevelled mop of hair, he stands Lance in front of a mirror and for a moment he felt as though he was looking at Anthony.

"Oh my! You look so handsome," Vince says. Lance blushes, "I'm going to be so proud showing you off tonight."

What? Did he say proud? Lance suddenly feels warm inside, he doesn't understand what it means but he likes it.

As they walk out of the house together it suddenly occurs to lance he could easily make a break for it and run for home but now he doesn't want to, he's excited by what might happen tonight and he really likes being with Vince.

As they get in Vince's large 4x4 Lance notices that Vince has a carrier bag that he throws on the back seat. Vince chooses a restaurant that he knows well and as they drive he turns on the electro device.

"Oh! That feels so nice," Lance says and immediately pops a boner. His erection is clearly visible in the tight jeans.

"When you are out with me I want you to stand up straight and hands behind your back," Vince says.

Lance realises that if his erection persists it will be clearly visible to everyone, he just hopes that the leather jacket will cover it up. They arrive at the restaurant at they are greeted at the door by the Matre'd. He's a handsome man in his forties, slim frame and immaculately dressed.

"Table for two sir?" he asks.

"Yes and can you make it one of the private booths?" Vince asks.

"Certainly Sir, right this way," and he leads them to a booth at the back of the restaurant. Lance notices it's fairly quiet only a handful of customers at the tables, he breathes a sigh of relief. The Matre'd snaps his fingers an young bright eyed waiter joins them.

The booth is a half circle of fixed seating round a circular table, the table cloth reaches almost to the floor. "Here you go Sir, Richard will take your order. Bon appetite," the Matre'd says then walks off.

"May I take your jacket Sir?" The young waiter asks of Lance. He can't be any older than 19 and seems a little on the green side. He is very slender with black hair in a crew cut, large brown eyes and the cutest turned up nose Vince has ever seen.

"No fanks I is fine," Lance says not wanting to reveal his erection, Vince notices Lance slipping back into his bad boy voice..

"Nonsense," Vince says, "It's much too warm to be wearing your jacket in here, give to the waiter," Lance can detect a sternness in his voice that says he's got no choice in this, Lance glares at him.

Reluctantly Lance removes his jacket and quickly pulling the controller from the inside pocket hiding it behind his back hoping the waiter didn't see it and the wires leading down the back of his trousers. What the waiter did notice though was Lance's boner through his jeans, he tries not to stare but Vince has noticed and smirks.

"Er um w-w-would you like a drink before you decide on you meal?" the waiter asks still taking glances at Lance's bulge. Vince looks at the waiters crotch and notices that he seems to be tenting out a little.

"I'll have a beer m8," Lance says, suddenly he yelps as Vince cranks the electro right up for a second.

"No he won't, get him a coke and I'll have a chardonnay," Vince says sharply. The waiter nods and walks away quickly adjusting himself as he does so.

"Don't ever talk like that again when your out with me, do you understand?" Vince says sternly.

"Yes Sir, Sorry Sir," Lance says hanging his head.

"As punishment I want you to take off your trousers and underwear," Vince orders.

"What? In here?" Lance exclaims. Vince zaps him with the electro again.

"What have I told you about talking without permission?"

"Arrghh sorry Sir," Lance grimaces doubled up.

"Now do it, take off your trousers and underwear," Vince orders again.

Lance's heart is racing, this totally outrageous, yet unbelievably horny, this is the sort of thing that only happens in dreams not in real life. He reluctantly removes his trousers and underwear, he's thankful the tablecloth hides his lower half. His erect cock Is level with the top of the table though so he lifts the table cloth and puts it over his lap. This is so daring, Lance really can't believe he's doing it.

Vince is fiddling with his mobile phone when the waiter returns with the drinks. Lance is watching him intently to see if he notices, the waiter looks again but sees that the table cloth is over Lance's lap, he finds it an odd thing to do but he's more disappointed at not seeing Lance's bulge. As the waiter places the drinks on the table Vince fumbles and drops his phone, it bounces under the table.

"Bugger, I can't reach it he says looking under the table.

"I'll get it sir," the waiter volunteers, and before anyone can say anything he dives under the table.

Lance freezes, the waiter is sure to see his nakedness, suddenly the table jumps as the young waiter bangs his head at seeing Lance naked with a very hard erection. Slowly the young man emerges, his face is bright red and when Lance looks him in the eye he colours up too, Vince has a wicked grin on his face.

"Here's your phone sir," the young waiter croaks, his voice breaking from his nervousness. "Er a-a-are you ready to order?"

"Yes," says Vince calmly, "I'll have the cock au vin," Vince winks as he says it, "and my boy will have the bangers and mash, you like your sausage don't you boy?" Vince says turning to Lance, both boys blush. Vince can see an impressive bulge in the young waiters trousers, he decides that they are going to have some fun with this young man before the night is through.

"Y-y-y-yes Sir," the young waiter stammers and he heads off to place the order.

Vince puts his arms under the table and starts stroking the inside of Lance's thighs and his tight balls sack causing him to groan with delight. Vince sees the waiter coming back and takes his opportunity.

"Quick get under the table," Vince orders Lance, "and when the waiter sits down suck him off."

Lance looks at Vince in shock then feels Vince pushing him down, reluctantly he slips beneath the table. 'This is crazy!' he thinks to himself but he's so excited by it he almost shoots a load.

"Is there anything else you need sir?" the waiter asks looking disappointed at not seeing Lance.

"Not right now, but why don't you sit down a minute take the weight of your feet," Vince suggests.

"Well we're not very busy tonight so I guess I can spare a couple of minutes," The waiter replies as he sits down, "Where is your friend?" He asks.

"Bathroom," Vince replies, "So I haven't seen you here before, are you new?"

Lance sees the feet under the tablecloth and his heart starts racing, he can't believe what Vince wants him to do, he hesitates.

"Yes sir, I started two weeks ago," the young waiter replies.

Vince gives Lance a kick egging him on, Lance swallows hard and lifting the tablecloth puts his hands on the waiters thighs. The waiter's eyes widen and his jaw drops open, he freezes on the spot. Lance quickly fumbles with his belt and zipper and is soon fishing out a very erect eight inch cock, the waiter clenches his fists crumpling the tablecloth as Lance slips his lips over the young mans tool. Vince smiles at the wonderful expression the young waiter has on his face, he can tell when some one is getting their very first blow job.

"Are you a virgin?" Vince asks quietly. The waiter can't speak for fear his voice will crack and just nods. "Is this your first blow job?" The waiter nod's again. It doesn't take long, Lance sucks him in five times before his mouth is being filled with cum, he swallows greedily, Vince can see from the expression on the waiters face that he is shooting his load. Lance keeps sucking, milking the young man dry and the waiter begins flinching at the sensation on his now hyper sensitive cock. Lance pulls off and savours the taste of the young waiters cum, it's not as salty as Vince's but still very nice.

The waiter zips back up and stands up, his still erect cock visible in his tight trousers

"I'd better check on your order sir," he says blushing and heads off again holding his notebook over his crotch.

"Ok you can come back up," Vince whispers to Lance.

"Permission to speak sir," Lance requests as he resumes his seat.

"Granted."

"I can't believe you got me to do that!" Lance exclaims.

Vince laughs, "Yeah but how horny was it?"

"Fucking unbelievable, I nearly shot my load," Lance replies.

"Oh we don't want that yet," Vince says and turns down the electro device.

Moments later the waiter is back with the meals, "Here are your orders sir, I hope you enjoy." he says smiling at Lance.

After placing the meals down the waiter hovers as though something is on his mind, he looks around the room then suddenly to Vince's and Lance's surprise dives under the table. Lance looks at Vince in shock, Vince is grinning wildly. Suddenly Lance can feel the waiters hands on his cock wanking him, then warmth as the young waiter slips his lips over Lance's seven inch boner. The waiter isn't as experienced as Vince and is a little sloppy seeing as this is the first time he's ever given head but even so Lance knows that it will make him cum.

"Eat up boy," Vince says smirking.

Lance starts to eat his meal, he can't believe he is naked from the waist down, getting a blow job from a waiter while eating a meal. He gets a few mouthfuls down when he feels his orgasm building.

"Urrghh permission to cum sir!" Lance whispers urgently.

"Permission granted, fill his mouth boy," Vince says,

Lance has a mouthful of food when his orgasm hits, the food ends up falling out his mouth and back on the plate as his cock erupts his cum in the waiters mouth, they can hear the waiter groan as he attempts to swallow Lances massive load of spunk, some spilling out his mouth. The waiter cleans off Lance's cock with his tongue and mouth then slowly emerges from under the table grinning like a kid that's just had candy. Lance is panting and can't continue with his meal for a while. 

"You've got some.... er.... just by your..." Vince tries to explain and points to the waiters face where he's still got some cum on his face by his mouth. The waiter scoops it off with his finger then blushes, but even so licks it off. Vince can see that the waiter still has quite an erection in his pants.

The waiter heads off still grinning, "Well that was a surprise," Vince says, Lance giggles.

All this boy action has made Vince extremely horny, his cock is straining hard to break free from his jeans. 

Shortly they finish their meals, "Are you ready for some dessert?"

Lance looks at Vince knowing full well he isn't on about anything off the sweets trolley, "Er yes?"

"Get under the table, I have a lolly for you that needs sucking as a special treat for being such a good slave," Vince says.

Lance's eyes widen, Vince wants him to suck him off here in the restaurant. Considering he not long ago sucked off the waiter he doesn't hesitate and slithers down under the table.

Once under the table Lance sees that Vince has got his cock out, he wastes no time sucks it in as deep as he can gagging as soon as it touches the back of his throat. As Vince's cock is only the fourth he's sucked it is much bigger an thicker than any of the others so it takes him a while to get his throat open enough to swallow the whole thing. Lance can't believe how much he loves sucking cock, he hopes he can make Vince cum.

The waiter returns to clear the plates, he sees that Lance is missing again and looks down at the table cloth. Vince winks at him, the waiter realises that Lance is under the table again so he stoops down and lifting up the cloth sees Lance sucking on Vinces huge cock. The Waiter quickly drops the cloth and looks at Vince.

"I dropped my phone again why don't you help him find it?" Vince suggests.

The waiter doesn't need telling twice, he's immediately on his knees and under the table. Lance is a little surprised at first but tonight has been full of surprises. The waiter watches in awe as Lance devours Vince's cock completely.

"How do you do that?" he whispers.

"You open your throat and just swallow when you start to gag," Lance explains pulling off.

Lance sucks in Vincent's cock again and the waiter goes down on Lance's still very hard cock. Lance moans as he feels his cock slide down the Waiters throat.

"Oh yes! That's it, you got it," he praises. Lance sees that the waiter now has his trousers round his knees and is wanking himself, 'that's a nice cock' Lance thinks to himself.

Vince is enjoying Lance's mouth sliding over his cock when the Matre'd walks up.

"Excuse me sir but have you seen our waiter Richard, he keeps disappearing?" but before Vince can answer the Matre'd sees the toe of a shoe sticking out from under the table cloth. He bends over and lifts the cloth to see Lance with Vince's cock down his throat and the waiter with Lance's cock in one hand, his own in the other and look of horror at being caught by his boss.

"Richard I want to see you immediately," The Matre'd orders then walks off. 

The waiter quickly pulls up his trousers and crawls out from under the table his face a deep crimson from the embarrassment. He collects the dirty plates then heads off.

The moment has been lost on Vince now and thinks maybe he pushed things too far.

"Put your trousers on and get back up here, I think we be asked to leave," Vince says.

Lance redresses then sits back at the table, they wait for a little while expecting the Matre'd back at any moment.

"Please sir, I need the bathroom," Lance says.

"Ok but be quick," Vince says obviously worried, "poor boy, I bet he'll get the sack," he adds.

Lance hurries to the toilet and has to sit to pee because of his boner, as he urinates he can hear noises coming from the next cubicle, it sounds like heavy breathing, he bends forward at looks underneath and sees someone's feet facing the wrong way with his trousers and underwear round his ankles. When Lance has finished peeing he climbs on the toilet and looks over the dividing wall, what he sees almost shocks him.

The waiter is on the toilet stark naked with his legs up against his chest and the Matre'd is fucking him hard with a nice seven inch thick cock, the waiter is wanking his own cock as the Matre'd takes his virginity. The waiter sees Lance looking over just as he cums, his spunk flies clean over his head and he just keeps on cumming, spurt after spurt flying up the wall behind him. 

"Oh fuck yeah!" the Matre'd groans, then he Grunts and plows deep into the Waiter filling the boy with his cum.

The last few spurts from the waiter land on his face then the Matre'd collapses on the waiter and gives him a deep kiss.

'Nice!' Lance thinks, he's tempted to knock one out there and then he's so turned on by that scene but he thinks better of it knowing how Vince might react.

He quickly heads back to their table an informs Vince of what he saw.

"Well I guess the young man will probably keep his job after all," Vince smiles.

"Not to mention the tips," Lance says and they both laugh.

The waiter returns to their table, his hair a bit more messy and a little out of breath, "Can I interest you in any desserts or coffee?" He asks.

"From what I hear, your the one that just had his dessert," Vince says.

The waiter blushes, "Yeah, I'm going home with him tonight, says he's going to fuck me silly," he says proud that he's no longer a virgin. "I had no idea he was gay, I've fancied him ever since I started, I can't believe he just fucked me in the toilets," he grabs his crotch in anticipation of tonight.

"I'm glad we could help," Vince says smiling. " Here's my card if you fancy trying something a bit more wild." Vince hands him a business card.

"Wild?" The waiter asks confused.

"Use your imagination, its all safe," Vince reassures

The waiter trots off and Vince looks back at Lance who seems to be staring daggers at him. He is, when Vince handed that card over Lance became jealous, he hated the way Vince was flirting with him.

"Come on let's go, the night's still young and I've got lots planned for you," Vince says standing up.

Vince pays the bill at the door while the Matre'd fetches Lance's jacket, he helps lance on with it and deftly grabbing Lance's crotch and gives it a squeeze saying, "Please do cum again.", Lance jumps with fright.

Vince smiles, "Oh we definitely will."