 At the car the parking lot is deserted, "Ok strip," Vince says.

"What? Out he.... OWW!" Vince swipes him hard across his ass.

"Don't question my orders boy. Just do it!" Vince barks.

Reluctantly Lance strips and hands his clothes to Vince who puts them in the back of the car. Vince then removes the butt plug and cock ring from Lance but puts a much bigger cock ring on him that makes his cock stick out even further, he then fastens leather cuffs to Lance's wrists and ankles and finally a dog collar and leash. He then gives lance a pair of lace up leather boots to wear and as Lance bends over to put them on Vince can't help but stroke the boy's hole. When he stands up Vince admires him.

"God you look so fucking sexy," He says, "Ok get in."

Lance climbs in the passenger seat hoping he might have been given some clothing to wear, he's glad it's a 4x4 so it's pretty high up and no one can see in.

As they drive off Lance starts to feel a little funny. Sort of warm headed and his sinuses are getting clogged up.

"Sir I feel strange," Lance says.

"That'll be the Viagra gel I slipped in your drink at the restaurant," he replies. As if to prove a point he fondles Lances cock and he immediately springs a boner.

Lance is mortified, he was hoping that not having the electro on would mean he would get a rest from having a hard on so much, no such luck.

"Permission to speak sir," Lance asks.

"Granted."

"Where are we going?" Lance asks as they pull up to some traffic lights.

"A little place I used to go to a lot with Anthony, I think you'll like it," Vince replies.

Just at that moment a large eighteen wheel semi pulls along side and Lance realises there is no advantage being in a 4x4 when next to a truck. He looks up and sees the truck driver looking down at him, his mouth wide open, suddenly the lights change and Vince pulls away, Lance looks back but the truck hasn't moved.

"Did that trucker get a good eyeful?" Vince asks.

"Yeah, you should have seen his face," Lance laughs.

They eventually arrive at their destination, Vince parks up in a street where there are a few people around, he grabs something from the back and hands it to lance, it's a large raincoat.

"Put this on," Vince orders.

Lance is grateful for something to wear, he was dreading that Vince might make him walk naked in public, it's soon apparent thought that then rain coat is too big when he steps out of the car, It comes down past his knees. Lance's boner is tenting out the raincoat so he puts his hands in the pockets and holds his cock flat against his stomach. Vince takes the leash and leads him off down the street.

They reach a large black door and Vince rings a bell, a face appears at a slot, looks at Vince and Lance then disappears again, soon the door is being opened. Lance can here music coming from inside he guesses it must be some kind of night club, he's really apprehensive being dressed like this and going inside a night club.

"Vince!" A tall skinny guy says, "It's been so long, how have you been," he proceeds to kiss Vince on both cheeks as they walk into the foyer, "and who's this sexy little thing you have in tow?" The man is dressed in leather trousers and boots, he also has a leather harness fitting snugly around his chest.

"Hi Benny, this is my new slave, I only have him for the weekend so I'm having as much fun with him that I can," Vince replies. "Give me the coat," Vince orders Lance.

Lance freezes, he's going be naked in a night club!

"But Sir! I-I-I...." Lance starts to complain.

"Don't argue with me boy! Do it!" Vince bellows.

"I see he still needs some training," Benny says, "I don't suppose we get to see him ....." Vince pulls the coat from Lance's shoulders revealing Lance's nakedness, "....naked. Oh my! What perfection! He really is lovely," Benny says grabbing his own crotch. "Can I have a play later?"

"Of course you can, just come and find me when you have some time," Vince says handing the coat to Benny.

Lance is blushing heavily, he feels really exposed, his cock is at full mast and things are about to get worse. Vince ties his hands behind his back and leads him through another door, the music gets louder, suddenly they are standing in a bar filled with men, they all turn to look, Lance tries to hide behind Vince but Vince just pushes Lance out in front of him. Lance blushes even more as he stands totally naked with a raging boner in a room full of men all staring at him, he's never felt so humiliated in all his life, yet it's totally turning him on.

They walk towards the bar and Vince gets on a bar stool, Lance goes to sit on one next to him, "No, slaves are always at their masters feet," he tells him. Lance feels a little better kneeling down, his boner isn't so obvious.

Vince orders two buds, Lance looks up at him, 'Damn this boy is so god damn cute' Vince thinks to himself. He lowers down a bud and puts the bottle to Lances lips, he drinks like a baby being fed it's bottle. Lance spills some over his chin so Vince wipes it up with his finger and lets Lance lick it off.

"Good boy," Vince praises him.

Lance looks around the bar, there isn't much seating and most the guys are leaning against the walls or chatting in groups. They are all dressed differently, one guy is walking around in leather chaps and a leather pouch, his arse is fully exposed. Another guy is completely naked from the waist down and wearing just a leather jacket, his cock looks about the same as his own soft. Most of the men are in just jeans but a lot are wearing leather. There are two other boys around his age in the bar and are obviously slaves too as they are kneeling at their masters feet. Neither of them are naked, one is wearing leather hot pants and leather boots, and the other Y fronts and sandals and leather cuffs on this wrists like Lance. The one in the hot pants has some puppy fat around him and looks to be around the same height as Lance, the other boy is very skinny, almost scrawny but seems to have a huge package in his Y fronts and he notices he keeps looking over at him and smiling, Lance smiles back, he likes the look of the boy, quite a cute face although he's wearing glasses.

Lance feels the bottle at his lips again and he looks up at Vince as he takes another swig. Suddenly the boy in the Y fronts is standing next to him the boy's groin right in his face, standing next to him is his master. He looks to be in his mid 40's with a bit of a gut on him, he's wearing leather pants and and a leather jacket and is holding a leash to his slaves collar just like Lance is.

"Vince! It's been so long how are you dear fellow?" The masters says.

"Don! My word you haven't changed a bit, I see you have a new slave though," Vince replies.

"Oh yes this is slave Tim, on your knees Tim," Don commands. Tim drops to his knees and looks Lance in the eyes.

"I see you've got a new slave too," Don says, "how long has it been since Anthony passed away?"

"Five years now," Vince replies.

"Really? My God time flies."

Tim reaches over and starts to tickle Lances tight ball sack, taken a little by surprise Lance gasps.

"Sir," Lance says looking up at Vince, not sure if this should be happing in front of all these people.

"Stop that Tim!" Don says to his slave.

"Oh it's ok Don, seems your slave likes my boy, what do you say we let them go and play together while we catch up on old times?" Vince suggests.

"Yeah ok, Tim go and show Master Vince's slave round the place," Don orders.

"Oh and Tim, don't make him cum, he hasn't had permission," Vince adds.

"Yes Sir," Tim says then helps Lance up, "Come with me," he says.

Tim leads him through the club and as they walk all the men keep staring at Lance, he feels so exposed.

"You got a nice cock," Tim says grabbing Lance's boner and give it a playful tug, "What's your name?"

"Lance. What is this place?" he asks.

"It's a fetish bar, all sorts of things go on here but mainly sex."

The first room they come to has a bath in the middle of it, "A bath?"

"Yeah it's the piss room, someone lies in the bath and people piss on them, do you need to go?" Tim asks.

"As a matter of fact I do," Lance says.

"Will you piss over my Y fronts? They're new and I want to get them soiled," Tim asks.

Lance would normally have been appalled at the idea of pissing on someone but after the events of the last twenty four hours it doesn't seem that unusual. "Yeah ok," Lance says.

"Great stand in the bath with me," Tim tells him.

Lance does so and they stand facing each other, Tim takes hold of Lances cock and points it at his Y fronts, Lance is really impressed with his bulge, he is dying to know how big that cock is.

"Don't let it go all at once do a bit at a time," Tim says.

"I'll try," Lance replies.

Lance forces it and soon there is a stream of piss flowing over Tim's Y fronts. The material is becoming transparent from the piss and is showing Tim's cock quite clearly, Lance marvels at it's size, then he realises it's growing.

"Fuck I get so turned by seeing someone with a boner piss, especially over me," Tim says.

Lance stops his flow to admire the growing bulge in Tim's underwear, by now it is straining the fabric of the Y fronts so Tim lowers the waist band and his cock swings free. Lance gasps it must be at least ten inches and it's still growing, Tim strokes it a few times an soon it is at full mast, a whopping eleven uncut inches.

"Fuck man that's huge!" Lance gasps, "Can I hold it?"

"Sure " Tim replies and reaches behind Lance and unfastens his restraints.

Lance quickly wraps his hands round the massive cock and slowly wanks it, his fingers don't quite touch, this is the first uncut cock he's seen and he's mesmerised as the foreskin slips back revealing the large bulbous head. Suddenly Tim starts to piss too but instead of directing away from him Lance let's it splash over his cock and balls, the feeling of Tim's piss splashing over his cock and running down his balls and legs is really sexy so Lance begins to piss again and both boys are covering their groins in their urine. Lance is so turned on seeing this massive cock piss all over him, he never once imagined that this could be so erotic.

A couple of guys have entered the room and are watching the two youths urinating on each other.

"Oh man that is so hot!" one of them says getting his cock out to wank off.

Soon the boys bladders are empty and they get out the bath, "Wow man, that was so horny, I wish I was allow to cum, I really could do with spunking up right now," Tim says.

"Oh you too? Damn yeah I feel the same, feels like me cock is ready to explode." Lance replies.

"Come on there's more to see," Tim says.

"Aren't you going to pull your undies back up?" Lance asks seeing Tim's cock swinging around.

"No it don't fit, besides it's kinda cool us two walking round with our boners sticking out," Tim giggles and takes Lance's hand leading him out of the piss room.

This is another first for Lance, walking stark naked round a fetish club hand in hand with another boy, he begins to think he may just like this lifestyle. They come to a large room with lots of cubicles in, it's very dark and all the walls are painted black, Tim finds an empty cubicle and they both enter.

"What's this place?" Lance asks.

"It's the glory hole room," Tim explains.

"Glory hole?"

"Yeah look," Tim points to two holes, each one on opposing walls and they appear to be about waist height, "Stick your cock through," Tim encourages him.

"What, though that hole?"

"Yeah, it's what people do in here."

Lance walks up to a hole and pushes his cock through, he almost jumps out of his skin when someone on the other side grabs it and starts stroking it. "Oh my god, someones playing with my cock!"

"Yeah, feels good don't it," Tim says.

Lance can now feel some lips slip over his rod causing him to groan, "He's sucking me now," Lance informs Tim. Suddenly Lance panics as he feels an orgasm racing up way too quick for his liking, he quickly pulls out panting and crosses his legs.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck!" he shouts.

"Did you nearly cum?" Tim asks.

"Yeah, god that was close," Lance pants.

They then see the other person stick their cock through the hole, it's an impressive eight inches.

"Come on lets suck him off," Tim suggests.

Lance's heart skips a beat, the idea of sucking off a stranger he can't see suddenly excites the hell out of him. Tim is already down on the cock and licking at the balls, Lance kneels down next to him and starts licking the cock head. The guy on the other side is obviously enjoying the attention as he groans loudly as Tim and Lance lick and suck on his balls and cock. The boys take turns sucking down on the rock hard tool, Tim takes note as Lance swallows the whole cock down his throat. The man on the other side is getting more vocal and the boys guess he is about to shoot his wad so they both turn their attention to his cock head. They both lick and suck at it knowing it's soon going to be giving them an nice tasty treat, the cock expands more then suddenly erupts, the boys lap at the cum spewing out. Once the guy has finished cumming the boys kiss each other savouring the spunk between them.

"Damn you give good head," Tim compliments him.

"I only learned to do it last night, in fact I was still a virgin till then," Lance replies pulling off.

"Do you reckon you could blow me like that? No one has ever deep throated me before. My master says I'm just too big." Tim asks.

"I could try," Lance replies.

Tim stands up and Lance takes the head of his cock in his mouth, damn that this is really big. He slides his mouth down until it touches the back of his throat, he looks at how far it is in and he's only halfway down. Lance takes a deep breath then swallows as he pushes deeper, he feels the massive cock slide down his throat, he keeps pushing and it almost feels like it's going into his stomach, his nose finally touches Tim's pubes.

"Oh my god! You did it! Fuck that feels amazing!" Tim says.

Lance takes up a rhythm pulling out then sliding the huge tool back down his throat.

"Oh wow, you're amazing, I never knew a blowjob could feel so good," Tim says as he runs his fingers through Lance's hair.

Lance is loving it, he gets so turned on listening to Tim's groans of ecstasy he just gets carried away and sucks that cock like no tomorrow.

"ARRGHH FUCK! STOP! STOP! I'M GONNA CUM!" Tim shouts,

Lance quickly pulls off but it's too late.

"URRRRGHHHHH! I'M CUUUMMMMMMIINNNNGGGG!" Tim yells as his cock blasts cum over Lance's face, Lance quickly puts Tim's cock back in his mouth and swallows his cum. Lance keeps sucking as Tim's body convulses with each spasm. 

Lance pulls away when Tim's orgasm is over, Tim looks really concerned.

"Aw crap!" Tim says, "don't tell my master I came, he'll punish me for sure if he finds out."

"Too late I saw everything," a voice from the hole says. Both the boys turn to look, Don, Tim's master is at the hole and had been watching the whole thing. "Get your ass out here now!" Don bellows.

Both the boys exit the cubicle and see Don and Vince waiting for them.

"I'm sorry Sir, I couldn't help it," Tim whimpers like a naughty school boy that's about to get a caning.

"I thought I could trust you, you know the consequences of cumming without permission," Don says as he grabs Tim by his hair and drags him away.

"Please sir, I'm really sorry, you can trust me, pleeeaaase, I never had a blow job like that before, I just couldn't help it," Tim begs.

Vince put's Lance's leash back on him and they follow Don and Tim. They enter a room with chains hanging from the ceiling and various whips and paddles hung on one wall. Don lifts up Tim's arms and hooks his cuffs to one of the chains, "Are you ready for your punishment?" Don asks him.

"Y-y-yes Sir," Tim whimpers.

"Assume the position then," Don commands.

Tim leans forward and pushes his slim ass back, Vince and Lance can see his little hole. Suddenly Lance is feeling bad that Tim is about to get a thrashing.

"Stop!" Lance shouts, "It' wasn't his fault, I got carried away, I ignored him when he said he was going to cum." Not only has Lance surprised Vince by this confession but himself too, he would never have owned up to anything before but he really likes Tim and can't stand the though of him getting hurt.

"Really?" Vince says. "Well in that case I think you need to be punished, you knew full well he wasn't allowed to cum yet you made him."

Lance had a feeling he would say that, Vince grabs his arms and hooks his cuff on the same chain as Tim, so they are facing each other.

"What did you say that for?" Tim asks.

"Because it is my fault, I got carried away, I'm really sorry," Lance apologises.

"That's really nice of you but I like getting the paddle, I enjoy being spanked," Tim whispers.

"But you look really scared."

"It's all a show, my Master loves it if he thinks I'm genuinely scared, you silly sod, now you're gonna get a paddling."

"Aw fuck!" Lance says suddenly regretting what he just did.

Just then Tim receives a whack and his face screws up with the pain, he screams out then looks Lance in the eyes and whispers, "God I love it."

Then Lance feels the paddle strike his ass, "ARRRGHH FUCK!" He shouts.

The paddles hit hard and after six strokes Lance's tears are flowing, "You ok?" Tim asks.

"No," Lance sobs, Tim takes pity on him and kisses Lance deep, both boys kiss hard and yelp and scream in each others mouths as the paddles hit.

The commotion has brought in a gathering who are watching the beating, some of them beating their own cocks. Lance feels completely ashamed with his punishment being so public, although Tim screams when the paddle hits he isn't crying, Lance wonders if he would ever get to enjoy the beatings. Soon the beating stops and Vince hugs Lance from behind stroking his naked body, Lance throws his head back, that feels so good to him.

"This is the best part, my Master always fucks me after a beating," Tim whispers to Lance.

Lance's eyes grow wide, "Your Master is going to fuck you with all these people watching?" Tim nods.

Lance can see Don pull out a packet of lube then drop his trousers, a very respectable eight inch cock springs free, Don then moves behind Tim and the expression changes on his face as Don enters him. Vince pulls away from Lance and he thinks he is about to be let down, that is until he feels something cold at his hole and he realises with horror that Vince is lubing him up, he's going to fuck him too.

Lance groans as he feels Vince's cock pushing to make it's entrance, Lance wants to be fucked but he's really unsure about doing in front of all these men. He has no choice though and as Vince pushes he relaxes and Vince's cock slips in, Lance cries out with the pain but he knows it'll soon subside, Vince waits until he feels Lance relax again then he plows his nine inch cock deep inside Lance's bowels. Lance feels totally humiliated being fucked with all these people watching him but then he starts to realise something, these people are really turned on seeing him get his ass fucked by Vince, most of them are jacking off and Lance finds he is getting turned on from their obvious enjoyment.

Vince is getting a sense of nostalgia as he fucks Lance, he and Anthony would often come to this bar and have fun, and it usually ended up with him fucking Anthony, the punters used to love to watch. As he plows his big cock up the boys ass he watches him kissing Tim. He is really starting to get attached to Lance, he doesn't know what to do about it, one side if him says 'get out before you get hurt', the other side saying 'go for it what do you have to lose?'

The two boys are grunting and groaning through their kiss as their masters fuck them hard.
