 When they get home Vince carefully lifts Lance out of the car trying not to wake him. Lance wakes a little but only enough to put his arms round Vince's shoulders as he's carried into the house. Vince takes him downstairs into the cellar and puts him in the cage, he removes his boots then covers him up and kisses him on the forehead before locking the cage. He's too tired to do anything with Lance now, he'll have some fun in the morning. As he hits the light switch Lance stirs.

"I love you Daddy," Lance says half asleep. Vince has to catch his breath, hearing that takes him by surprise, is he dreaming? Was that meant for him?

Vince continues upstairs and gets in bed, he can't get what Lance just said out of his mind. He turns out the light and tries to sleep but it's haunting him, he's really tired but he just can't sleep. He tosses and turns thinking about Lance downstairs in the cellar. He decides that tonight he is not going to sleep alone so he gets up and heads back downstairs to the cellar, he unlocks the cage and lifts Lance out.

"Where are we going?" Lance says sleepily.

"Shh, go back to sleep," Vince says as he carries Lance upstairs. He places Lance on in the bed and climbs in next to him.

Lance is awake now, his heart is beating hard as he realises he is going to be sharing Vince's bed with him. They embrace then kiss passionately.

Vince rolls onto his back pulling Lance on top of him, Lance breaks the kiss and sits up, Vince can see pure lust in his eyes. Lance rubs his hands over the big mans hairy chest and plays with his very erect nipples, he can feel the massive tool prodding him in the groin so he starts gyrating his hips on it, Vince groans in delight. Lance bends down and takes one of the nipples in his teeth and bites it gently, Vince put's his hand on the back of Lances head and strokes his hair as he does so. This time the roles are reversed as for the first time in his life Lance is seducing someone, Vince isn't putting up a fight either surrendering to the boys advances. 

Lance then slides down to between Vince's legs and begins to lick and suck on his balls, Vince arches his back as Lance sucks one of his orbs in his mouth and rolls it around, for a someone that was a virgin not more than twenty four hours ago he certainly seems to know what to do. Lance then licks up the huge shaft, stopping at the head and licking all around it and lapping up the precum.

He then opens his mouth and slides down the big tool quickly reaching his pubes, Vince groans in ecstasy as he feels his cock slips down Lance's throat. He picks up a rhythm sucking in deep then pulling off completely admiring the cock then licking the head again before sucking it back in deep. Vince watches his cock sliding in and out of Lance's mouth, it feels so wonderful. Lance sucks on his master's tool for what seems like ages, Vince is constantly fighting off the urge to cum, he wants to savour this feeling for as long as he can.

Lance then gets up and squats over Vince's cock, he stands it up and puts it at his hole, he want's this big dick inside him badly.

"No wait," Vince stops him, "Here use this," he hands him a tube of lubricant.

Lance applies it all over Vince's cock and his up his hole, he then resumes his squat over Vince. He slowly lowers himself down onto the massive pole eventually burying it deep within him, Lance cries out as the pain hits but he tolerates it, he feels full now as Vince is fully inside him. Lance lifts himself up to so the tip of the cock is just inside his ring piece then lowers himself back down, it feels so good, Vince's massive dick sliding into his bowels and rubbing his prostrate. Vince is in heaven, Lance's ring of muscle gripping his rod tight as it slithers down the length, it feels so sublime. Lance's cock is rock hard and dripping pre cum and he knows he's not far off shooting a load.

"Urrrrghhh Sir, your cock feels so good in me," he whimpers, "may I cum please sir? I'm so close, please, I really need to cum." he begs.

"No not yet boy," Vince teases him.

"Oh please Sir, please, I can't hold it, urrrrgghh fuck! Please let me cum!" his voice is getting higher as he fucks himself on Vince's pole.

"I'll tell you when you can cum boy," Vince says.

"UURGHH! PLEASE SIR! URRRRRRGGHHHH FUCK! PLEEEEAASSSEEE!" He is almost crying now as his orgasm races up and there's nothing he can do to stop it.

"Ok you can cum," Vince says just as Lance slams himself down hard on Vince's rod and his cock cock erupts a torrent of cum. "URRRRRGHHHHH! FUCKING HELL!" he shouts as his seven inches blasts his spunk up Vince's chest, it seems like it's never going to end, Vince is getting drenched in the stuff. Lance keeps fucking himself on Vince's cock as he continues to spew his spunk causing his cock to bounce sending his spunk flying. Vince is in awe of the spectacle seeing Lances cum spray all over him as he bounces up and down on his cock, Lance loves the fact he can cum without touching his cock just by being fucked, he figures he wants to cum this way all the time from now on.

Vince then grabs Lance by the waist and in one quick movement flips him on his back while all the time staying inside him. He lifts Lance's legs so that they are against his chest, lance presses down on his legs so his ass gets raised up a little. Vince then plows deep into Lance causing him to cry out.

"Oh God! Oh yeah! Fuck me Sir, fuck me hard!" Vince does, he rams his cock deep inside the boy picking up speed, Lance grabs his still rock hard cock and jerks it hoping he will deliver another load of cum before Vince has finished. Vince leans over and they kiss passionately as he pounds the boy's ass.

"Mmmmm, Oh yeah! Mmmmmm!" Lance groans in Vince's mouth. Yesterday he would have been appalled at the idea of sex with a man yet now he can't get enough, it feels like the most natural thing in the world to be doing, it just feels so right. Vince breaks the kiss and they look deep in each other's eyes, there's something there, they both know it but neither of them can say it.

Lance feels another orgasm boiling up, he jerks his cock hard, "Urrrghhhh! Sir, I'm gonna cum again!" he announces.

"Urgh! Yeah shoot it boy," Vince pants.

Vince has been holding off his orgasm for ages now and he can't hold of for much longer, he looks at Lance jerking his rock hard cock, his balls are really tight, the only thing stopping them from retracting up inside him is the cock ring he's still wearing.

"UURRGGHH! FUCK! SIR! HERE I CUM! ARRRGGHHHHHH FUUUUCCCCKKK!" Lance's cock suddenly blasts his spunk directly into his face, "OH MY GOD!" he shouts as he showers himself with his cum. Lance's sphincter is pulsating round Vince's cock and it sends him over the edge.

"URRRGGGHH LANCE I'M CUMMIIINNNG!" he shouts.

Vince's whole body trembles as his cock explodes deep inside Lance, his orgasm is earth shattering, his cock pulsates and Lance can feel his cum filling his insides. 

Finally spent Vince collapses on Lance pinning him to the bed, they are both out of breath and sweat is rolling off them.

"Sir, that was fucking awesome!" Lance says proudly. 

Vince rolls of him and onto his side, lance lowers his legs while Vince props his head up on his hand and strokes Lances naked body with other. He lies there for a while admiring this beautiful boy lying next to him scooping the cum off his face and licking it up like a cat cleaning itself.

"You know I don't get it? why do you use that phoney bad boy accent when you don't normally speak like that?" Vince asks.

Lance looks at Vince, "I dunno, I guess I just did it to fit in with my mates."

"What, they wasn't interested in being mates with the real you, only the fake one?" Vince presses.

"I don't like the real me," he says turning away from Vince.

Vince feels his heart sink, "Why not?"

"I was always picked on at school for being me, I was always being beaten up in the playground by the bullies, I hated the things they used to call me, I had no friends at all. I only made friends when I acted the clown and put on that accent, I made quite a few friends then, that is until we moved here.

And then there's the fact I can't do anything right, I wanted to prove that I wasn't a complete dork by doing the washing up good for you, but I even fucked that up." tears begin to swell in his eyes and Vince can hear his voice cracking up.

Vince puts his arm around him and hugs him tight, Lance starts to cry, "Why are you crying?" Vince asks.

"Because I'm a complete embarrassment to everyone, I stole from my mother, I tried to steal from you, I can't keep a job for more than a week, and I don't have any friends." he sobs.

Vince realises this isn't a kid with an attitude problem, it's just a boy that needs love and guidance.

Lance turns to Vince, his eyes streaming with tears, "I'm really sorry I was so horrible to you yesterday."

Vince pushes Lance onto his back then straddling him and grabbing his arms attaches the cuffs still on his wrists to hooks either end of the head board.

"What are you doing?" Lance asks still sobbing.

"You know what I see before me now?" Vince asks, Lance shakes his head, "I see a really handsome young man with the most beautiful body I have ever seen." Vince strokes Lance's sides causing him to giggle and squirm then stops, "and something else too, since you dropped that silly offensive accent and attitude I have gotten to know one of the nicest boys I have ever met, the real you." Vince then tickles his armpits causing him to burst out laughing then stopping to continue. "So I don't want to hear anything else about you thinking you're worthless, other wise I will keep doing this to you." Vince then continues tickling his armpits.

"ARRGHHHH HAHAHAHAHA! STOP! ARRGHHHH HAHAHAHAHA!"

"Say it!" Vince says.

"ARRGHHHH HAHAHAHAHA! SAY WHAT! ARRGHHHH HAHAHAHAHA! "

"Say that you're not worthless!"

"ARRGHHHH HAHAHAHAHA! OK! OK! ARRGHHHH HAHAHAHAHA! I'M NOT WORTHLESS! ARRGHHHH HAHAHAHAHA!"

Vince stops and leans over to kiss a breathless Lance, "And don't you forget it," he says, "oh yes and you do have friends, what about Tim and Don... and me come to think of it."

"Yeah I guess you're right," Lance says smiling.

Vince unties Lance's arms and Lance immediately goes to tickle Vince under his arms to get revenge but Vince doesn't flinch.

"Sorry babe, not ticklish," he says rolling off Lance and onto his back.

"Not fair," Lance says then rolls towards Vince and wraps his arm around him and rests his head on his shoulder. Lance feels wonderfully warm, somehow he feels safe and wanted. "Sir,"

"Yes boy?"

"After tomorrow is that it? We don't do this again?" Lance asks running his fingers through the soft hair on Vince's chest.

"God I hope not, you're the most fun I've had in five years," Vince says, "why? Don't you want to come back?"

"No I do, I really do but when?"

"Well how about next Friday?" Vince suggests.

"I have to wait that long?" Lance says sounding disappointed.

"It'll soon come around, we still got all of tomorrow yet," He replies.

Vince hears a snore and realises that Lance has fallen asleep, he closes his eyes too and drifts off into one of the best nights sleep he's had in years.