 Steve called me on a Saturday a couple of weeks after Monica and I had been together. We talked about nothing in particular at first, but he told me how enjoyed Monica' sexual adventure with me. Steve said he liked hearing about it later, and had gotten so turned on he had fucked his wife on the kitchen table. After he described his fuck session with Monica, he they where having several couples and several single older women over for a bi-swingers party, and was wondering if I would be interested in joining them. I smiled inside and said sure. He told me to come over around nine pm, and I asked him if he needed me to bring anything. Steve said just bring a six-pack of your favorite beer. I knew it would be a Levetra night.

Monica greeted me at the door and ushered me into the kitchen taking the beer I had brought and put it into the fridge. She offered me some smoke off a communal pipe they had in the kitchen. She then took me around an introduced me to several people that weren't busy. The women there I notice where in various stages of undress, older, attractive and very sexy and tanned all over. Some had small breasts, while others had implants which where all eye candy to me.

Monica introduced me to Sara. I estimated her age to over sixty, but she was thin, fit, tanned, and had pierced nipples with short reddish brown hair combed back away from her face. We embraced when Sara said, "You have to many cloths on." I quickly dropped my shorts and lost my T-shirt. 

She eyed me up and down and said, "That is much better, and I like what I see." Sara reached out smiled, and stroked my semi-hard cock. I could feel the sensation of her soft fingers stroke my cock to hardness as she nuzzled up to me saying, "I spotted you when you first walked in, and I want you."

Monica and I smiled at one another as Sara took me by the hand down the hall to one of the bedrooms. Once inside she closed the door and eased me over to the bed, and bent down and without a word spoken took my hard cock into her mouth. Sara licked and sucked on my ball ringed, hairless balls taking them into her mouth and gently sucking on them. All I could do was moan out how good it felt with her warm mouth and tongue massaging my firm hairless balls. I was so hard I had to have her pussy on my face.

I eased myself further onto the bed and she followed. I was spread eagle, and eased her up over me so that her beautifully wet pussy was just above my lips. Sara's shaved pussy lips felt so good sliding across my lips, as I tasted her wetness, and savored her sweetness. She moaned out as my tongue slid across her large, swollen clit, and her mouth took all of my engorged cock into her mouth. I thrust my tongue further into her as she spread my legs further sliding a finger toward my rosebud. She licked her finger and pressed it against my opening.

I was lost in lusty passion eating her wet pussy, and her finger sliding into my rosebud opening. Her ass was just above my face, and I stroked my tongue across her sweet tasting rosebud. She moaned out, "Oh Yes! Tongue me motherfucker. Lick it till it is really wet and slick." When I heard her say that it made me drive my tongue deep into her opening making her really wet. Her rosebud twitched several times around my tongue as tongue fucked her sweet tasting rosebud.

Before I realized what had happened she slid off me and down my body facing away from me, grabbed my slick hard cock, and slid it into her wet ass. She had impaled herself onto my cock taking it all the way in to the base. Sara wiggled back and forth on my stiff cock trying to get more in her saying, "Oh fuck that feels good. I love to be ass fucked by a man." I couldn't believe what she had said, much less what I was feeling. Her ass was so tight and sizzling hot. For a moment I thought I was going to loose it when she grabbed my balls in her hands and squeezed them firmly. Sara pulled on them making my cock taught in her ass, and I slipped in deeper. She was really enjoying herself as she slid back and lay on my chest. I reached around her and played with her pierced nipples, and kissed her neck. Sara's skin felt so soft and silky. I was lost in lust for her, and shoved my thick, hard cock deep into her ass. Sara moaned out, "Oh yes fuck me deep. Oh yes." 

I couldn't contain myself any longer and let loose my first load of cum deep in her as her ass muscles gripped my cock and squeezed it. She had reached around in front and was manipulating her inflamed swollen clit while pressing down tightly with her ass onto my cock. Sara's pussy was cumming as I was cumming in her ass, and she liked the feel of cum flowing into her ass, and I like her wetness flowing down my balls.

Sara eased off me panting. She turned to me smiling saying, "I knew you would be a good ass fucking man." We laid there catching our breath, and resting for a few moments when she suggested we join the others.

When we entered the living room, other couples where watching us on the HDTV. I hadn't realized that what Sara and I had been doing was being watched by others. They turned to us as we walked in and clapped. We both smiled. I hadn't noticed it before but there was a large table in the center of the room with lamb skinned straps dangling down. Sara leaned into me and whispered that we where the warm up for the evening.

Monica came over and led me to the table saying to me, "You are our entertainment man for the evening." At first, I wasn't sure what she meant, but would soon to find out. Several older, good-looking attractive women gathered around me, led me to the table. Monica came over and eased me further up onto the table so I would be face down with my ass bent out so others could see it and have access to it. The older women before long had my hands tied in the leather sheepskin buckles while one of the other women fastened my legs wide apart with the other buckles. I was spread eagle with my ass hanging over the edge, exposed to whom ever wanted to fuck me; or have me suck them off (a memorable position if you read the previous stories you will understand). 

Monica came over with a joint and offered me a hit. I took several eagerly. I was becoming more relaxed with each hit. I looked around and noticed several of the women were sporting various sizes of strap-on cocks. While the men where stroking their cock in anticipation. Steve and some of the other men came over and smiled at me saying, "You where very good in there with Sara, and now it is, your turn to get ass fucked by anyone who wants you." 

I suddenly felt a dab of Abolene crème against my rosebud opening. I turned to see that it was Jack. He was hard, uncut, and thick. Not to long, but thick. Jack rubbed the crème around my rosebud opening, occasionally slipping a finger in saying, "I'm just getting you ready. I am not going to fuck you till later. It is lady's night."

One attractive woman named Jackie; in her fifties, naked and warring a strap-on came over to me. She smiled at every one saying as she stroked my ass cheeks, "He has such a nice ass. He is so hot looking and ready to be fucked." I saw nods of approval, and smiles from the others in the room. She eased into me, and I could feel the warmth or her strap-on on my rosebud spreading my opening. I heard some one in the back round say "Breed him Jackie. Let's see you man fuck him this bitch."

With that she slit the slick strap-on up into me half way. I was startled at the pain at first when Steve leaned in and held a bottle of poppers under my nose. I inhaled a couple of times and soon found my body relax, and let the pleasure of the moment take over as Jackie slipped more cock into me. I felt so sexy being fucked by a woman and even more so in front of every one while being strapped down. Jackie thrust all the way up into me and was now fucking my ass in rhythmic strokes. I could not help myself and moaned out, "Oh fuck my ass Jackie. Fuck me hard." Jackie griped my ass and pounded her cock deep into me, and my ass gripped it with each stroke breeding me saying, "Enjoy it motherfucker because I am going fuck you good."

It was then that one of the older men got up on the table and lifted my face up to a nice 8" uncut cock. My mouth opened as he slipped his throbbing hard cock in my mouth. Oh I was in heaven getting fucked in the ass by a woman and sucking this man's cock with all of the others watching. I lathered his cock up with my saliva while tasting his pre-cum. Jackie kept pounding my ass hard thoroughly enjoying fucking my man- pussy when suddenly she pulled out and I felt a hard slap on my ass. I screamed out a muffled cry when I felt several more hard slaps on my ass, and the man behind me eased himself up towards my rosebud. I felt his hard thick cock press at my opening when Jackie said, "Take him Nick. He likes it deep and hard."

Nick spanked my ass hard several more times making wince in pain when suddenly he shoved half his thick cock up into me. I muffled out a scream as the others urged Nick on. This was really turning the others on watching me getting fucked deeply in the ass by Nick's hard cock. My ass relented and I found my self enjoying the pleasure of his hard cock filling me up; while his large cock head pressed constantly on my prostrate bring me even more pleasurable experiences. My mouth wrapped around the other man's cock soon got his man juices flowing, and he held my head as he filled my mouth with cum. I heard cheers of pleasure from the others in the room as he came in my mouth while Nick continued fucking my ass. I swallowed all of his cum (my favorite). The man slipped out of my mouth and I found my self-eating Monica's pussy. As she got up on the table, she said to me, "You made me so hot I need you to eat me." Nick kept pounding away when I felt him stiffen in, and his cock seemed to grow longer as he dumped several loads of thick wet cum up into me deeply. When Nick withdrew his cock, Jack stepped up behind me.

Jack pushed himself deeply in slippery cum filled ass, made several more hard deep penetrating strokes before cumming in my ass too. My ass was dripping like a wet man-pussy as he slipped out, and I found myself, filled again by Jack again. He just slipped his fat cock all the way in me and fucked away inside me easily for a few more moments before finally withdrawing.

Monica held my face firmly against her wet pussy, as female friend fingered her clit. My tongue buried deep into her pussy hole tasting her sweet juices. Jack was replaced Janice, who I noticed was sporting a large strap-on (estimated it to be 11" when I saw it earlier). Janice eased up behind me and held the long thick cock in her hand, and with the urging of others saying, "Fuck him Janice. Fuck him hard and deep."

Janice did. I was dripping wet from cum and Abolene crème ass she slid into my ass easily all the way. I felt her pussy hairs tickle my rosebud, and her cock fill me up. My ass felt stretched. I could feel her deep penetrations like nothing I had experienced before. Janice knew how to fuck a man with a strap-on. Janice would pull all the way out, and then ram the head deep up into me. She kept fucking me this way for several more moments before really getting into me and feeling her large strap-on fuck me deep.

Monica eased off the table relieved at having cum all over my face, and Sara replaced her. I went down on Sara's clit sucking it affectionately running my tongue all over inflamed and large clit. It was so firm it stuck out between her pussy lips like a little cock. 

I couldn't tell who had gotten onto the floor underneath me and started sucking on my hard cock. I felt lost in pleasure being fucked in the ass hard by a woman, sucking on Sara's clit, and getting my cock suck by someone. I was in a blurry lustful state and enjoying the show I putting on for everyone. 

Sara held my head in place as she eased into me letting loose her cum, and screaming, "Oh yeah. Yes! Suck me motherfucker, and fuck that cock in your ass." Janice really laid into me and I could feel her thrusts against my prostrate filling my balls. Cum was filling my balls when the person sucking on my cock grabbed them and milked them.

I couldn't contain my cum any longer and let loose thick streams of cum into the persons warm mouth. The person sucking me kept greedily sucking every drop of cum, and I could not have stopped them if I wanted to. Janice pounded my ass deeply forcing out every drop of cum in me into the persons mouth. 

Sara heaved a sigh of relief as she let the last of her pussy cum flow down her warm canal into my mouth. She said, "Lick my cunt. Lick it all up." I did hungrily as the person below me was swallowing all of my-cum. 

Janice tired of fucking me and eased out of me. They could all tell I was tired and un-tied me, and help me up. I was lost in a smiley haze, and feeling sexy at having put on such a public show. Monica and Steve lead me to the shower, and they both washed me thoroughly. 

After the shower, we walked back into the living room, and several people where there watching what had just taken place earlier on the HDTV. I felt even sexier watching myself, and sat there enjoying a beer watching the whole show with everyone else. I felt like one of them. I had several couples, and single women give me their phone numbers before leaving. 

I knew I was going to be in for some real fun this year with some new friends.