 It was a chilly autumn night, upon an empty train platform, where I was waiting desperately.

I believe it was the first look when our eyes met, that I could feel a savage fire burning deep within my soul. Calm as the night, he stood there. Smoking a cigarette never felt so appealing.

Maybe I was staring for too long, or he could read straight into my core. He approached and offered me a cigarette. Shyly, I declined, too late to know that it would have been a chance to touch his hand.

"Such a nice calm evening," he said with smoke leaving mouth through his pale lips. I just stood there nodding.

Few seconds and the head lights of the train can be seen coming from the pitch black forest. The doors opened, I stepped inside first, then he followed me. The train was deserted.

Sitting facing me, I could feel his eyes scanning me. Maybe I was bewitched, but I could not do anything in that moment, just to smile and blush.

The lights were more than enough for me to see his face clearly, high cheek bones, short beard, and juicy lips. Couldn't resist looking down at his body. Wide shoulders, smooth stomach, and strong legs. But something was more interesting, a bulge. A big bulge.

He caught me staring at his bulge and he smiled sharply. I pretended to take out my phone, but he winked at me. In that moment I knew it.

It was time for my stop, I closed my jacket, and stood up to leave. He sat there, no movement. Boldly, I looked him i the eye and asked, "Would you like to come with me?"

Without any word, he stood up and followed me out of the station and into a dim lit road. We did not say a word until we arrived at the door of my apartment.

"I'm sorry, but I think the flat is cold," I uttered; however, before i could finish my sentence, I felt his fingers on my lips.

I closed the door behind us. Unexpectedly, he pushed me into the wall.

He started kissing me on the lips, then twisted his tongue around mine. Then, he licked my neck and start biting my neck. His hand found its way to my cock, that was growing hard by each second.

Gently, he took my clothes off. The temperature was below 10, but I did not care. Standing there naked in front of him, he turned me around, pushed his hand in between my thighs, and grabbed my balls and dick. I moaned quietly. His tongue found its way along my buttcheeks, and around my butthole. With fast licking, he rimmed my hole, and bit my thighs. Finally, he stood up fast, took his clothes off, and pushed me onto the carpet in the living room.

On my knees, I took his cock in my mouth. It was white, long, cut, and thick enough. Just what I needed. I suck his dick, ate his balls, and licked his tummy. He took my head and started face fucking me, until I was out of breath and almost suffocating. He kept on fucking my mouth for some time. My hole was ready, it couldn't wait any more.

I looked up into his eyes. He had this sharp look in his eyes when he said "I will give it to you so good, you'll beg me for more."

With his strong muscular hands, he pushed me on the carpet, carried my legs in the air and back to my head. My knees were around my face now. A slap as firm as his body, came to my ass, I screamed. He started rimming and fingering me hole, saying "Your hole is my bitch for tonight, I want it as wide as possible."

After all the teasing, my hole was stretching for him. I moaned and asked for his cock in my ass. "Fuck me, fuck me please." My begging proved successful, as he started penetrating me. The head was tough, working its way around my hole, massaging the muscles, and pleasuring me.

"Yeah! That's it, keep it going." It did not take long for his whole dick to be inside me. I could feel its warmth inside of me.

Suddenly, he stopped, took his cock out, and said "I will breed your brains out boy." I knew what that was. Even before I knew what that was, he already started pounding me, hard and fast. I moaned as loud as I can. He did not slow down. He kept on pounding and pounding. I could feel my insides burning, my hole savaged. But it was amazing, having his cock inside, and the way he fucked me. It was heaven. It was worth every aching muscle and moan I felt that night. I wished he could fuck me for ever.

Taking charge as he did before, he stood up. I begged for his cock, to fuck me again and again. He turned me around, and with a doggy style, he fucked me again. I thought my insides were going to explode. But it is that feeling that pleasured me. He was my perfect power top guy. How could I have been so lucky?

He kept on fucking and pounding, I kept on moaning and enjoying every second. He slapped my ass, pulled my shoulders, pulled my head back, strangled my neck. He did everything to make me moan more. And I did not disappoint him. It pleased him, to make me his bitch, to make me his fucking horny bottom.

The pounding became faster and wild, I knew his load was coming soon. "I will cum soon," he said, but I could already feel it inside of me. The huge load was all inside of me, locked deep within the hole he fucked so good.

Not enough time to enjoy the warmth of my breeder's load, I found him already spooning me and fucking me again.

We fucked for two hours. He bred me trice. I have never been fucked like this before. It was a dream come true.

In the end, I couldn't stand up. My legs were too weak, my hole was wide open. He dressed up, looked at me and smiled. "Hope I managed to tame your hungry hole!" I did not have to say anything. I nodded and smiled warmly.

Few minutes and he was out of my flat, leaving me lying on the floor with cum dripping from my ass and his number on a card next to my face.