 Brian had been surprised that he and Ted were friends, as Ted was four years older – four years of difference. Brian was eighteen and still looked like a boy (he didn’t even shave yet!) but Ted was a man and looked like one. A man, to Brian’s distress, that he found himself attracted to. He longed to caress the stubble-covered face, drag his tongue across Ted’s hairy chest, grab Ted’s bulging crotch, and to paw the best ass he’d ever seen.

Of course, he dared not do any of these things. Instead, he planned his life around Ted’s comings and goings, desperately hoping that he’d catch his mature friend – accidentally of course – in the nude. Yet, all this was to no avail.

And then it happened. Oh glory be that day. 

Brian came across Ted lying on an empty, desolate beach. His bare fur-covered chest and legs glistened under sweat droplets, and obscenely short cut-off jeans stood proud of skin by a few critical inches, revealing the mushroom head of Ted’s cock. Oh my God!  Not believing his good fortune, Brain froze in place before realizing that Ted’s breathing indicated a deep sleep. 

Damn! Fuck! 

Nearly salivating, Brain wanted to run his fingers along the beefy legs and touch the exposed dickhead. Instead, he had an idea almost as good. He was carrying a Polaroid camera, having gone out to take some pictures of an old boat that had washed ashore. Instead, he aimed the camera between the massive legs and pushed the button. Ted shifted, brought one knee up, but his eyes remained shut. Brain was paralyzed by fear, but Ted’s breathing still indicated sleep. Yet, the upturned knee had shifted the denim, fully revealing a pair of sweaty balls hanging low, a thick flesh-colored stick resting between them, and all nestled in a thatch of dark hair. 

Damn! Fuck! FUCK! 

The upsurging of lust was so overwhelming that Brain nearly fell over. His erection strained against his own jeans but he knew one thing without question. He had to take another picture. Just then Brian noticed that Ted’s thick, limp penis was getting bigger. Oh my God, he’s getting a boner! The boy frantically rubbed his own straining erection while his eyes darted between the unfolding creation and to Ted’s eyes – still closed. Thank God! In a few moments the manly, engorged penis seemed at full attention; it pointed towards the sky. Brain knew he’d never forgive himself for not being able to take this miraculous vision home with him, so he worked past the fear of getting caught, reached for the camera, and took another image. Again, Ted shifted, but Brain knew not to push it. He ran away.

These two images became Brian’s most important possessions. He spent every day looking at them and jerking off, sometimes several times a day. When he’d meet up with Ted, he’d smile, knowing his friend had no idea that he’d been so exposed, and that there existed a permanent visual record of his erect cock.

A few months later Brain went into Ted’s bedroom, hid under the bed, and had planned on making strange noises to scare Ted upon his return home. But Brian fell asleep instead, and when he woke he couldn’t believe his eyes. Ten feet away was the sight of his friend, stark naked, doing sit-ups and giving Brain a ringside seat. Then Ted rolled over, begin doing push-ups, and Brain had to muffle his reaction to the twin mounds covered with a fine pattern of hair. He was startled, not having realized that fur could grow on buns. But, he liked this. A lot.

Wow!

Brain remained fixed by the view, but then Ted got up and all Brain could see was a pair of calves and feet walking towards him. Frightened, he pushed deeper under the bed. Ted came right to the bed’s edge and then Brain heard what sounded like papers being rustled. And then...it happened. Ted sat down right against the edge of the bed, putting his manly, sweaty penis just a foot away from Brian, before reaching down and starting to jerk off. Oh shit! Brian realized that Ted had apparently stuffed porno magazines between the mattresses – magazines he was now looking at on the bed. 

Witnessing a sight he never thought he’d see, Brain was mesmerized as the thick penis grew strong. Fuck! The large hand pulled up and down on the thick rod, making it grow firm, while the big balls heaved in their sack. Brain reached to his own dick and started pulling. Growing more excited, he inched closer to Ted’s cock, stopping close enough to be nearly overwhelmed by the smell of musk. A man’s smell.

As Ted continued beating his meat, he started moaning and then pulled his legs apart and up, exposing a furry asscrack. Brain couldn’t believe it when Ted used his free hand to rub his balls and skin, before reaching into his crack. His friend moaned deeply as his one hand pulled furiously on the 7” dick while the other inched a finger into himself. 

Jesus fuck! Jesus!

The moaning escalated, the pulling grew intense, and the finger pushed in deeper. Brain grew stunningly bold and moved his face even closer to his friend’s dick. He was now just inches away. Could I lick it? While Brain pondered this daring thought, Ted exploded. Spurt after spurt of white jism splashed across the hairy thighs, onto the carpet, and down the side of the throbbing shaft. A stream then smacked across Brain’s lips. When Brain’s tongue tasted his friend’s gift, his dick erupted.

After Ted went into the shower, Brian bolted, quite pleased that he and Ted now had a very special bond, even though only Brain would ever understand this.

Shortly thereafter, Brain left the state to attend collage, and during his four years there he and puberty finally intersected. Hair suddenly sprouted across much of his skin and thickly covered his chest, legs, and – to his astonishment – ass. He’d also been working out and the once scrawny body was now muscled and defined.

He’d lost touch with Ted and so directed his energies elsewhere, although he was quite fixed in the body type he preferred: a type just like Ted’s. And, each time he was with a man, he imagined him as Ted, and did to them the things he’d spent years thinking of doing to Ted.

After graduation, Brian returned to his home state and opened his own graphic design firm. He’d inquired about Ted, but learned that he’d moved. No one knew where.

Brain was crushed.

Then one night he was driving home from the bar when he spotted a solitary figure sitting at the municipal pier. At first he thought it was a girl because of the long hair blowing in the salt-tinged wind, but as he got closer he realized it was a guy. Brain hadn’t picked up anyone at the bar, and so thought this might be his chance. After parking, Brian strolled causally down the pier until realizing that the figure was...Ted. 

Brain sat next to his friend who seemed to not recognize him – and how could he, I’ve changed so much – before realizing that Ted seemed very drunk.

“Are you OK?” Brain asked.

Ted mumbled something unintelligible before slumping onto Brain’s shoulder. Brain was unsure of what to do but knew he couldn’t let Ted pass out on a public pier. Struggling, he got Ted into his car and to his apartment. Ted managed, sorta, to get himself into the bedroom before flopping face down on the bed, instantly asleep. Brian turned on a light and looked at his friend, now even more beefy, and at the pair of incredible buns straining against the thin cotton painters pants – unencumbered, apparently, by underwear.

It was then that Brain had an idea so wicked that he tried to push it away, yet for years Brian had lusted after the man now passed out across his bed. He’d worn thin the two Polaroid images taken so long ago, and had jerked off countless times to the image of Ted jerking himself off. And, the taste of his friend’s jism remained fresh in his mind. He longed to touch Ted, to drag his tongue across the hunky body, pull that big dick inside his mouth, and ravage the intimate space between the firm cheeks before him.

He also knew that tonight would be the only chance.

Bending over the prone body, Brain ran his hands up the massive legs. He rubbed the inner thighs and then brought his hands to the massive, twin mounds. Jesus, what an ass! He pawed at the firm muscle.

Rolling the big body over, Brian liked how Ted had grown. The once short hair grew in thick waves past the wide shoulders, the thin shirt strained against even more developed biceps, and the tight pants couldn’t hide the meat Brian knew so well. He got up and kneeled over his friend, careful not to put any weight on the body below him. Bending over, he dragged his tongue across the intensely erotic stubble highlighting the square jawbone.

God, how I’ve wanted to do that, Brain thought as he slurped at the sleeping face. Sitting up, he unbuttoned the shirt and pulled it off; Ted offered no resistance. The fur-covered chest beckoned and Brian went at it; he mashed his face across the warm skin, and took careful nibbles at the twin nipples, which, to Brain’s surprise, got hard. Growing ever more emboldened, he pushed up Ted’s arm, gasped at the thick forest of hair under, and dove his tongue right in. He later shifted to the opposite forest and then back to the hard chest. Dragging his wet tongue down the belly, he fucked the sleeping man’s bellybutton.

Brain then looked up; Ted’s breathing assured him that it was safe to continue this unauthorized exploration.

Ted’s pants couldn’t hide the massive erection straining against the thin fabric. Damn! Brian massaged this hard meat before biting it through the thin protective layer of cotton. Damn! He then undid the pant button and carefully pulled the zipper down, revealing, inch by inch, a thick forest of hair. Brian explored this thatch with his tongue, pulled the thick cock out from under its cover of fabric, and held the warm, rock-like shaft in his hand and breathed heavily.

I can’t believe it. I can’t fucking believe this is happening.

He got off the bed, reached over, and slowly pulled his friend’s remaining protection off. Ted was now completely exposed, totally vulnerable, and without a clue.

He’s so fucking beautiful!

Brian knew that this one chance had to be immortalized forever, so he got his camcorder and spent the next five minutes filming every inch of his friend’s naked perfection. He then set the camera on its tripod before lying down between Ted’s legs and pulling the warm, low-slung balls into his mouth. 

Brain then stuffed Ted’s steel member deep into his throat as he pushed Ted’s thick thighs over his shoulders, enabling him caress to the fur-covered buns below. Fuck! He continued to ram Ted’s dick into his mouth as one finger inched its way into his friend’s most private, secret space. To most men, this is the ultimate violation, yet Ted’s asshole was surprisingly receptive; when Brain rammed two fingers in, the dick in his mouth started to throb, signaling an impending explosion. When it arrived, Brain eagerly drank the jism before his own dick signaled release.

Just in time he shifted to his friend’s sleeping face. A white stream catapulted from his engorged cock and slammed across the stubble-covered face. Delirious from lust, Brain quickly pushed his cock into Ted’s mouth and shot his remaining load into the warm orifice, actually hoping that his friend woke up to such an inexplicable situation.

Come-on Ted, drink my cum. Drink every fucking drop!

Yet, Ted remained asleep. So, Brain rubbed his jism over the handsome face with his empty dick and then collapsed on the bed. The blinking red light of the camera assured him that it had all been caught on tape.

Brain got up after a few minutes and played back what the camera recorded. He got hard watching this private porno movie but realized that it required one more scene to be a true masterpiece.

Brain rolled Ted over, exposing once again the ass he’d longed for. Furiously pawing at the hairy mounds, Brian then pulled the twin cheeks apart and dragged his tongue up and down the crack hiding Ted’s bud. Jamming his face deeper and deeper into the crevice, Brain’s stiff tongue soon forced its way in. He fucked his old friend with this moist, pink meat, deeper and deeper, as Ted’s hole seemingly welcomed the assault. Later, Brain came up for air before – finally! – impaling his unknowing friend with his dick.

Brian couldn’t believe that he was getting all this on tape. He rammed deeply into Ted’s hole over and over before pulling out and waving his cock at the camera, then re-stuffing the fur-shrouded chasm below. 

“God dammit Ted, you’re so fucking hot. I love watching my dick fuck you and fuck you hard. I hope you’re getting off on this, because I sure am. You’re fucking incredible,” Brain blurted out to his surprise. He continued his assault over the prone, hunky body before feeling that familiar upsurge.

“Shit! Fuck! I’m cumming, you fuck. I’m cumming. Fuck, Ted, I’m cuuuuuummmmming. FUUUUUCK. FUCK. FUCK!!!”

Pushing Ted’s massive legs straight into the air, Brian’s dick propelled stream after stream deep inside his friend before Brain collapsed with his sweat-covered chest glued to Ted’s sweat-covered, furry chest. 

When Brain woke he was startled by the bright light; somebody had opened the curtains. Looking over, he was surprised to see Ted’s head peaking above the back of a chair. 

What’s going on?

Moreover, Ted was watching something on the TV.

Shit, he’s playing the video!! Fuck!!

“Uhh, I can explain about that,” Brain lied, more nervous than he’d even been, and not having a clue how to explain raping his best friend.

There wasn’t a word from the chair. Then it slowly turned around, revealing two distinctive features. Ted was naked, and with a hard-on. Brain was incredulous.

“I know how confusing this must all seem,” Ted began in a low voice, “but I’ve known for years that you were attracted to me. When you found me on the beach that day, the flash and noise of the camera woke me up. When I opened my eyes, you were looking down so didn’t realize I’d waken. I quickly closed my eyes because I didn’t want to embarrass you.”

“You didn’t want to embarrass me?”

“Well yea, I wasn’t sure what you were up to, but had a sense to just go along. I then realized that you were probably looking at my dick. That’s why I went to that particular beach, because no one else ever went, and so my short shorts wouldn’t cause a public scandal. And, as I began to fathom just what you doing with a camera between my legs, I thought to give you a real show.”

Brain wasn’t sure what Ted was talking about before remembering. “You deliberately got a hard-on?” Brain asked in a barely audible voice.

“Yep. Did you enjoy the pictures?”

Brain blushed, having been completely outed.

“But, I’m not through. I also knew about the time you watched me jerk off, hiding under my bed.

What? How could you?”

“I could feel someone’s breath on my balls.”

“What???”

“Yep. It felt good actually, real hot. That’s why I came so fast. Later, I saw you run out of my bedroom, although I was pretty sure you were the culprit.”

Brain shifted his attention to the TV as it vividly displayed Ted being fucked. Through the speakers came Brian’s voice loud and clear: 

God dammit Ted, you’re so fucking hot. I love watching my dick fuck you and fuck you hard. I hope you’re getting off on this, because I sure am. You’re fucking incredible. 

Brian throat tightened into a knot but he managed to say: “I’m really sorry. I don’t know what else to say. Shit, I’m so sorry.”

“Hey, it’s OK,” Ted replied with a gentle tone that surprised Brain. “Last night when I got back into town, I went to the pier to think about some things. When I saw you walking towards me, and when I saw how much you’d grown, I got the idea to play a kinky game with you. After all, I knew you liked it kinky! And that’s why I acted drunk, hoping you’d fall for the bait. But, I was fully conscious the whole time.”

Brain stared at his friend, unable to process this information.

“And when you were younger, I got off on your watching me but couldn’t otherwise respond because, well, you looked like a boy.”

It was something about the way Ted said the last remark that made an idea pop into Brian’s head, and one that had never occurred to him.

“Ahh, you mean that you like men, grown men?”

Ted looked straight into Brian’s eyes for a long time before getting up. He then pulled the cover off Brian’s naked flesh, pushed Brian’s legs over his shoulders, rubbed K-Y jelly into the exposed bud, and rammed his hard dick into the gasping and uncomprehending younger man.

“It’s not grown men I want as much as I’ve wanted you to grow up.” 

Brain started crying as his best friend’s mouth roughly met his, stubble to stubble.