 Part 1 - Bring Him Home

Sarah and I talked about our meetings with other men often. Nothing thrilled me more than taking another guy in my mouth. Nothing thrilled her more than being a part of the action. She always enjoyed sex and had quite the reputation back in college when we met. She even bragged about a contest she had with one of her sorority sisters - how many blow jobs could they give in a semester and how many different guys? They kept count!

Anyway, being with other men really made her hot. Although I wasn't so sure I liked the idea at first, it seemed like a fair trade off. After all, how could I possibly have all of the fun? Maybe I was selfish at first, but I eased up in time.

Sarah had met a guy at work and she was honest about hooking up with him. It started off innocently with drinks after work. As is often the case, it led to more. At first it hurt me to think of her with another guy. No matter how much I wanted to be with other guys myself, there was no chance that I would ever leave her for one. There was no chance of that happening. However, I wasn't so sure about her. Could she leave me for a guy that she fell in love with? I hated to think of that happening.

She would come home late at night once or twice a month. Far later than would be expected of someone who went out for drinks after work. I would sit at home, thinking about her, thinking about what she was doing with him, being a tad bit jealous. Our agreement was that neither of us would hook up without the other - it had changed a bit.

When she would come home, I could taste him on her lips. I could smell his cum inside of her - in her mouth - in her pussy. I wasn't sure what to do. I couldn't tell her not to do it anymore; after all, I had been hooking up with guys throughout our marriage. That is when I had the idea... Bring him home! I mentioned it to her, and she was certain that he would not be interested in being with me, a man, at all.

We talked more and she was very honest with me. She enjoyed being with other guys without me as much as she enjoyed being with them with me. It hurt, I have to admit, but I understood. I enjoyed being with men without her too. So we agreed, just as long as we were safe and always honest about what we were doing, we could enjoy encounters without the other.

She continued being with her 'boy friend' once or twice a month and I enjoyed going to the ABS and meeting guys from the internet. I even had guys to our home, which I would have never done in the past. She was never home of course, when I invited guys home, but she always knew. Just as I knew that he had been to our house. He had fucked her in our bed and he had showered in our shower. The hurt wore off and I accepted our new arrangement.

She would tell me about him, what they had done, and how much she enjoyed it. Likewise, I would tell her about my experiences. This new agreement was working, but I still thought about us being with someone together. I thought about sharing his cock, his cum, and his attention. 

After a few months under this new agreement, we jointly decided that we would once again do this together. Our new fantasy involved us going out together, to a bar or a club, and picking out the guy that we wanted. We would separate, she would flirt, and then hopefully she would bring him home to me. We would share him.

Our first attempt at this was a failure. We picked the guy out, she flirted, but he wanted nothing to do with coming home to me. What I couldn't believe was that she left with him anyway and took care of business by herself. We had taken two cars, so I was able to get home and still she could drive herself. When she came home, we didn't talk much about it. The idea left our minds for a month or two before it was revisited it.

We decided that we had gone to the wrong place to find a guy open to this type of experience. We decided that we needed to go to a bar that was gay/bisexual friendly and the closest one to our home was in Philadelphia (about seventy miles away). We looked at our schedules, and we booked a room for a long weekend. We would leave on Friday morning and spend three nights in the city. If worse came to worse, we would get in some site seeing.

We enjoyed lunch at a nice restaurant before checking in to our hotel. We had picked out three spots to visit that evening. We took a nap, showered, had a light dinner, and then it was time to go out. It was about nine o'clock by this point. The first place we tried was kind of dead. We stayed about an hour, had a few drinks, and decided to move on to the next spot. When we entered the second bar, we discovered it was much more lively. This just might be the place.

We ordered drinks at the bar, moved to one of those high top tables, and looked around for him. Who was he? We didn't know quite yet. Then, it became apparent.

He was probably six foot tall - two inches taller than me - and in good shape. His stomach looked hard under his tight buttoned shirt. His legs looked firm under his jeans and his dark skin reflected the overhead lights. We were both attracted to him and he was alone, although he seemed to know a group of people with whom he was drinking.

Sarah and I moved closer to his group and we made eye-contact a few times. He smiled. I wasn't sure if he was interested in either one of us sexually, but we were about to find out as he moved closer, eventually he was an arm's length from our table. Sarah said, "Hi," when he turned toward us, and I nodded. He came and sat down beside her.

"I haven't see you all here before, have I," he asked? "No, we are from out of town; we are here for a long weekend," said Sarah. He smiled. Has asked, "What brings you here tonight?" Sarah and I looked at one another and then she blurted it out. "We are here to find a guy, a guy that we can share with one another." I could feel my heart sink to my stomach as I waited for his response. The clock stood still and every passing second seemed as though it took an hour to pass. I wanted to say something but I couldn't even get a word out. "Interesting," he said. Was that it? Interesting? What the hell does that mean anyway?

Sarah giggled as he looked at her with a cock-eyed smile. "Well, what exactly are you folks looking for tonight," he asked? Sarah reached out, she touched his hand, and said, "You." Wow! I don't know how she had the courage to speak. I sat, unable to utter a word, as she put it right out there. What did we want? We wanted him, his cock, in our mouths and in her pussy! That is what we wanted!

He smiled. "My name is Sam," he said. "I am Sarah, and this is my husband Jay," Sarah remarked. "Pleased to meet you all," said Sam. I still couldn't get a word out. But I didn't need to say a thing. Sarah was saying everything for us. "Do you have a place to play," asked Sam? Sarah told him about our hotel in the center of the city and she told him we have room for one more if he wanted to pay us a visit. He smiled.

He sat and talked to her for an hour or so. We had quite a few drinks and with that I was able to get some words out. We had a nice conversation. He seemed like a good guy. Occasionally, one of his friends would enter our space and he would introduce them to us. They all seemed friendly. Everyone seemed friendly in this place. I wish we had a bar like this at home.

As the night drew on, Sarah and Sam moved closer together. They were playful with one another as I watched them. They touched each other subtly, and they whispered to each other from time to time. They would look at me and smile. Sam looked so good to me and I couldn't wait to see his cock. At the same time, I still wasn't sure if he was interested in exactly what we wanted. 

Just like that, Sam said, "Lets go." We got up - the three of us - and left the bar. He had his arm around my wife while we walked. I followed the two of them. At the curb, she told him where we were staying and a taxi pulled up for us. Sarah and I entered the taxi after he shook my hand and placed a kiss on her cheek. 

"What just happened," I asked her. She told me that he would visit us in about an hour. He had to go back to his place before coming over. "What were you talking about," I said? She told me that he was straight but bi-friendly. I didn't know what that meant so she had to explain. She told me that he only had sex with women but was open to oral with guys - no sex. "Great," I exclaimed! After all, that is what I was interested in as well.

After we settled in to our room, we waited. We put on the television and sat on the bed. We had some beer in the mini-fridge which I drank as the time passed. An hour passed, then two, before we had a knock on the door. Sarah stood and opened the door and he entered our room. She gave him a hug and he gave her another kiss. This kiss was on her lips and a lot more passionate than the one he placed on her cheek before leaving the bar. He had his hands on her hips and looked over to me with a smile.

She walked him to the bed, leading him with her hand in his, and patted the comforter indicating that she wanted him to take a seat. I moved to the side. She straddled him, placing each of her knees to the sides of his legs and kissed him as I watched. I was already hard as a rock and couldn't wait to have a taste of his chocolate meat. She pushed him down, with her hands on his chest, she leaned forward. She continued to kiss him for a moment before she slid down and opened his pants. His cock stood up slightly as she took it in her hand and began to stroke it as I watched. He scooted back on the bed and she followed removing both his pants and her own. He took of his shirt and she opened her bra. Her breasts stood out above his naked body. She leaned in to him gently letting them graze his chest.

He had become more erect and it was obvious that he wanted in. She told me to take off my clothing and he didn't say a word. She called me over and asked me to feel it. I reached down and felt his cock as he looked at me and smiled. "Want to taste," he asked? I shook my head. He smiled again. I leaned down and kissed his cock. I rubbed it on the side of my face as Sarah watched. I took it in my mouth and sucked it softly as she kissed and bit his chest and stomach. He reached down and gently guided my head over his shaft as she moved up and kissed him passionately. I continued to suck for a few moments before she moved down and took him in to her own mouth. I watched as she sucked and then opened her legs over him. She slide his cock inside of her and began to slowly rock back and forth.

I laid beside them as she rode his cock. He pushed her off of him, rolled her over and picked up her hips before sliding his cock back inside of her. He looked at me as he fucked my wife. The slapping sound as he dove deep inside of her was deafening. He fingered her asshole while he was fucking her and then he slid out and strategically worked his cock in to her ass. She moaned with both pain and pleasure as he worked himself deeper. He picked up the pace as her hole became more willing and he worked her hard.

He pulled his cock from her ass and he motioned for me to move closer. He pointed to her hole and told me to lick it. I did - I had never licked an asshole before and I was hardly hesitant. He stroked as I licked. He put his finger in my ass as I leaned in to my wife who was bent forward (still on her knees). He turned me around and placed his cock in my mouth. He grabbed my head and forcefully worked his cock in to my throat. Sarah had turned around and was watching. From time to time, he would take his cock out and slap me in the face before jamming it back in. Finally, he grabbed me by my head and held it close as his shaft began to pulsate and his cum streamed into my mouth and throat. I gagged but loved it. I loved the taste of his cum. 

Sarah kissed me, tasting his sweet cum, she moaned and shook. He went to the bathroom and cleaned himself up. The sound of his pee striking the water in the toilet was loud as Sarah and I sat on the bed waiting for him to emerge from the bathroom. We looked at each other and smiled. I put my finger inside of her, then I put my finger in my mouth. I could taste his cum, as it lay inside of my wife.

Part 2 - Charlie's Dream

We slept in, we had lunch, and then we began to plan our day. We wouldn't wait for the night, we didn't want to waste too much time.

I had scouted Philadelphia out while putting this trip together. There was a place, in South Philly, called Charlie's Dream. That would be our next stop. From the reviews, we were enticed by the theater. It had two rooms - one was a traditional 'theater' with a big screen and movie; the other was set up more like a lounge with a few televisions, some couches, and some comfy chairs. I had also been talking to a guy from squirt, Rich. He would meet us there this afternoon.

As we drove it was nerve-wracking; it was always this way. I never knew what to expect. Would there be a crowd? Would it be empty? Was it safe? You never know...

We parked in the front and walked two hundred meters to the door. Inside, there was a counter to the left, overlooking the racks of the typical magazines, DVDs, and toys. We were past the point of wondering around pretending to be interested in their merchandise. We walked up to the woman - middle age, overweight, but surprisingly pleasant. I put a twenty on the counter and she buzzed us in to the main theater. 

It was dark, very dark, at first. It took a good minute for us to be able to see properly. There were a couple of guys sitting in the eight or ten rows of movie theater-style seats with their hands in their pants. There was a guy standing along the aisle to the side.

Straight ahead there was a hall that led to the second room. We sat in the back row, she opened my pants, and began to stroke me while the man in the isle inched his way toward us. I was on the outside, two or three seats in, while Sarah sat beside me on the right. Eagerly, the man entered the row and took the seat on my left. Within seconds, he slid from his chair to the floor and he took me in to his mouth. It was wonderful. The feeling of his flicking tongue looping around the tip of my cock was making me squirm in my seat. 

Sarah put her hand on his head, guiding him, as he bobbed up and down on my cock. I wasn't ready to cum and she knew that; that is why she pulled him off of me and he stood up. We traded places. He sat next to my wife while I sucked his cock and played with his balls. Sarah sat fingering herself while his hand moved up inside of her shirt. It wasn't long before he gushed in my mouth. The taste. The smell. His cum was delightful. I stood and shared it with her. We passed it back and forth with a sloppy kiss as he got up and exited the theater. We moved toward the second room. 

We knelt on the floor next to each other. She was totally naked. The guys came without hesitation. We shared the first alternating sucking one cock until he came. The fact that we were able to make the guy burst was empowering. I sucked another while a man fucked her adjacent to me. She was bent over a chair - with her face next to mine - watching as I sucked this man I had never met to completion. 

Once I was done, she whispered to me and I stood up and took down my pants. I had never done this before but she wanted me to feel it. She wanted to share that feeling with me. I was unsure, but I quickly obeyed. I knelt over the chair she once occupied and I let this man play with my hole. First, it was just the tip of his finger with a squirt of lube. Then, it was the tip of his cock as she stood by me rubbing my back. Then, with quite some force, he entered my rectum. The feeling was breath-taking! Pain and pleasure overcame me with each movement. This was my first time. I grimaced as he worked himself in and groaned as he began to work harder. Sarah disappeared from my side.

There were a lot of things running through my mind as he plowed me. I had needed to feel this, needed to feel a man inside of me, feel him as he was about to blow his load in my ass. Then he did. With a few spurts he filled my hole. He pulled out and spun me around. I could feel his juice leak from my hole as I sat on the chair. I cleaned him with my mouth and swallowed the final drips of his cum. Tasted myself, tasted my wife, and tasted his delicious cum. He shoved me back down and walked away. 

I sat on the couch, my pants in a ball on the floor, and closed my eyes to enjoy that feeling. The feeling of a man and what he has left inside of me. It was pure ecstasy.

After a few minutes of soaking up the pleasure that he just gave me, I stood and walked around in search of Sarah. I found her up a short flight of steps, in a small area of plush chairs - more than likely stained with cum. There were two dark-skinned me with her. She was naked, kneeling over one of their laps with his cock deep inside of her while the other man watched with his hard cock in his hand. I stood and watched for a minute, feeling the remnants of the other man leaking from inside of me. Then I approached them. I knelt down on the floor and took the other man in my mouth.

His thick black cock was more than a mouthful. Using my mouth, in symphony with my hands, I was able to take his cock and give him what he wanted. I could hear the sounds of my wife getting fucked by another man as I began to taste his friend in my mouth first a little and then a lot. He pushed my head back as came in my open, wanting, mouth. He told me to hold it - he wanted to see his cum in my mouth. I did just as he asked. With a bit of cum on my face, I knelt there while he eyed me up. Sarah stood next to me by that point. She was holding the cum of the other man tightly in her cunt. As they instructed, I lay my head back and she leaked his cum in my mouth. The cum of two men mixed in my mouth, two men becoming one, I couldn't help but swallow. 

We sat for a bit; honesty it didn't all happen quite that fast. We had spent a few hours at Charlie's and we basked in the fruits of of labor. With no signs of Rich, we left for the night and drove back toward the center of the city. I couldn't imagine what we would do next. 

Part 3 - Finale, Rich and I

We had spent a lot of time together that weekend in Philadelphia - Sarah and I decided to go our separate ways on this last night in the city.

She had made arrangements to meet up with Sam from the first night. They were going to dinner and then they would go from there. I was able to get in touch with Rich - the guy we failed to meet at Charlie's Dream the day before.

We met on South Street. It was full of people milling around and enjoying themselves. We had frozen drinks at Fat Tuesday's, we talked, and we even held hands out on the street. No one even gave us a second glance; we were free to be ourselves on this night. 

He was older than me at 42 years old. I was 33 at the time. He was tall - a little more than six foot tall and was just a little chubby like myself. He had big green eyes which complemented his smile and dark hair. He was an openly gay man who had been out of a long term relationship for a few months.

As the night went on, we decided to go back to his apartment in Northeast Philly. Sarah had texted me that she and Sam would be going back to our hotel that night; I was cool with it.

When we arrived at his abode, we shared drinks and talked. He was next to me on his couch; we were snuggled up together. After awhile, we moved to his bedroom where we kissed feverishly. We touched each other and rubbed our naked bodies together as we continued to give the other attention.

Our hard cocks dueled as we rolled around on his large bed. It wasn't long before he had his cock in my mouth. He had maneuvered one hundred and eighty degrees as we both tasted each others cocks. I could smell his ass and it turned me on more than I thought it would. Being below him, I could feel his weight on top of my like a thick blanket on a cool night. I have never been so comfortable.
