 ***

Sarkopheros Says:

You guys asked for it, I've been planning to do it, so here it is, the first gay Brod story! Aw yiss.

If you've read Brod stories before, you know what to expect. If not, expect ludicrously gigantic cocks, diluvial amounts of jizz, and cum inflation. This particular story also involves a pair of incestuous twin brothers and interracial sex. And, of course, unrealistic insertions. Also, Brod himself is bara and the twins are pretty twinkish.

The point of these forewords is so that you have some idea of what you're getting into and so that you know if you want to read this or not right off the bat. Every single time I post a story, someone has to comment about how unrealistic or ludicrous it is—even though I keep providing these forewords. So, consider yourself informed. It's not supposed to be realistic!

And thank you to all my fans. You guys have given me a lot of great support and comments which I try to respond to if I can. If I neglected to reply, or if you haven't commented, thank you for your support all the same. You guys keep this going!

Now let's gay!

Yes, "gay" is a verb now.

***

You may have noticed in my stories that I've regularly referenced my bisexuality. Pansexual or bisexual ... I'm still not sure which term to use, since a lot of people seem to disagree on whether the term "bisexual" covers other genders besides the main two. I've seen definitions that imply "bisexual" does indeed cover them, and others that say it does not.

All you need to know is that I fuck whoever is willing to give me their holes and who I also find attractive. People often ask me about that. A lot are curious, a lot are dismissive. Most of my stories focus on girls. I will admit that I do have a preference for the ladies, and that I'm much pickier about boys. But I do pretty regularly fuck boys. This story is mainly focused on doing exactly that.

Even though I'm sort of a nerdy guy myself, I'd never really gotten into pen-and-paper games or into collectible card games. This is the story of my introduction to the latter.

"Thanks a lot, Brod," said the redhead behind me. I saw her pearly smile and heard the lilting of her accent. "I appreciate ya' comin' to help me."

I tossed the remaining section of the half-dead sapling into the officially branded county trash can. Whunk.

I smiled at her, my broad shoulders and chest glistening with sweat. I wiped my hands against my shorts and put a hand on Jaden's swollen belly.

"So have you named them?" I asked.

"We thought of a few, but we haven't decided, yet. Let me ask. How many of your ... clients ... name their babies after you?" she asked.

I chuckled. "Not many, I appreciate the gesture, but it's sort of odd," I said.

She smiled, dimples appearing in her cheeks as she looked at me with deep green eyes. Her heavy belly was exposed by the top she wore, the sweatpants she wore around the house hanging loosely about her legs. "Hiro said he'd think about making your name the middle names," she replied.

"Thanks. I appreciate the gesture, but you can tell him it's not necessary. Those kids could grow up and then start asking about their middle name," I said.

"Well, they don't have to know it's you. We could say it's an uncle," she offered. "Personally, I like the idea."

I shrugged. "Well, if you like it, I'd be flattered."

Jaden smiled. "You're too polite, Brod. Ya' know, when I first met you and started hearin' about your reputation from the other ladies, I thought you'd be an arrogant prick."

"I'm not a huge dick, I just have one," I chuckled, delivering one of my well-used lines.

She chuckled back. "Would you like something? A drink? A beer, maybe?"

I shook my head. "Water's best. Unless you have some Gatorade or something."

Jaden nodded. I followed her inside and she got me a glass of icy water. I sat there, bare chested, my sweaty body cooling off in her kitchen as we continued talking.

"Do I have time to shower before I take you to the train station?" I asked her.

She looked at the time on the microwave and nodded. "You should. I'll put my bags in the boot while you do that."

"Sure you don't want me to do that?" I asked.

"Ah, go way outta that." She rolled her eyes. "I think I can lift a couple'a bags! It's only a couple night's worth."

I nodded and put my keys on the counter. "There you go."

"Thanks."

About twenty minutes later, we were in my Escalade speeding down the highway.

"Ah, shit," I grunted.

"What?" she asked.

"I forgot to put the trash can in front for collection tomorrow," I admitted.

Jaden shrugged. "Ah, just do it when you go to get your tools. I showed you where the spare key was, right?"

"Yes. Sounds like a plan," I said. "So how come you're not flying to meet Hiro and the family?"

"Ever since ya' knocked me up, flyin's just been bloody savage. I'm hopin' it'll pass once I pop the little one out."

"I hope so, too," I agreed. "Still, I'm sure the trip'll be fun at least."

She smiled. "I think so too. If you see the boys, tell them big sister said hello."

"Aren't you going to call them?"

"Probably," she said with a shrug, smiling at me.

About an hour and a half later I was pulling back into her house. I noticed the beat-up Civic sitting in the driveway. Her sons had returned. No reason to look for the spare key. I locked up Sovereign and walked up to the door, pressing the bell. Ding-dong.

It was a couple of minutes before the door opened. Looking up at me was a waifish boy who came up to my eyes. Messy red hair framed his smooth, creamy-colored face. He had such pretty green eyes, big and round.

"Oh, hello, Mr. Kanayama," said Aedan. I saw those green orbs dart down to my swinging bulge, ill-concealed behind shimmering blue basketball shorts.

Abruptly, I heard footsteps. Bradan appeared. He was slightly taller than Aedan and had very neatly styled hair, swept over black-lined eyes. His hair was the same fiery color as his siblings', and his eyes were the same brilliant green. "Well hello there, what brings you around?" he asked. Neither boy was a slouch in the bulge department either, I noticed—they both looked to be packing grapefruits in their pants, although Bradan's skinny jeans emphasized his a lot more.

I smiled. "I came to get my tools," I said. "I didn't realize you boys were back," I chuckled.

"Oh, so is that all you came for?" asked Bradan. Aedan looked away and shuffled his feet.

I rolled my eyes and leaned against the doorjamb. "I came to drag that trash can in the back to the front. Unless you'd rather do it."

"It looked like it's full of wood," said Aedan.

"Keeping things full of wood is his specialty, if I remember," chuckled Bradan. Aedan flushed. "That trash can looks too heavy for me to move, Brod. I'll let you do the honors."

I chuckled and motioned for them to step aside. I moved in. They were both much smaller than I was. Not so much in height, but in mass and build. My forearm was like a ham compared to Aedan or Bradan's.

I came in and Bradan closed the door behind me.

I looked down and saw an envelope from Sunshine State University with Bradan's name on it laying on the small table near the door. "Oh, hey, SSU. When do you start?"

"We're actually in the middle of spring break, believe it or not," answered Bradan.

Wait a minute. I thought the boys were still in high school! They were older than I thought.

I'd only had very superficial conversations with them once or twice while I was helping Jaden. Neither boy had an accent as heavy as hers, although you could hear faint tinges of emerald in the way they spoke. While I didn't know much about them, I did know they'd been in the US much longer than Jaden had. "No shit? I thought you were still in high school," I said.

"Been out for a while," offered Aedan. "Did you drop Jaden off?"

"Yeah, her train should be leaving any minute," I answered.

"Oh. Well, we have the house alone, then. I mean, just us," Aedan stuttered. His eyes moved down, and I could feel it as his gaze caressed the melon-sized outlines of my balls.

"That's normally what alone means, 'bro,' " chuckled Bradan.

"So what are you doing for your break?" I asked, walking to the back door. The boys followed me out. I picked up my chainsaw and began to knock it against my sneaker to loosen some of the wood flecks.

"Oh, uh, I guess we're going to a couple parties," said Aedan. "And the beach?"

"Yes, but I have a feeling we might be hanging around like a couple of nerds," said Bradan. "I, for one, would like to test out our new Magic decks." I noticed Bradan's eyes studying my motions as I cleaned the chainsaw off, and like Aedan, his eyes seemed to be lingering on the heavy, swinging length of meat in my pants that was fatter than his arm.

"I've never played that," I said, putting the chainsaw down and moving to wipe the machete off with a rag. Then I walked over to the trash can to lug it out to the curb. They followed.

"We could show you," offered Aedan. "If you have time?"

"If you don't mind, yeah, I got some time today," I replied. "I actually wanna see how to play."

"We'd love to show you," said Bradan.

A while later, I'd put the garbage out front and gotten my tools stowed in the Caddy. I sat on a couch across the coffee table from Aedan. Bradan sat next to me as I examined the deck he'd handed me.

"So you can play one land each turn normally," explained Bradan. He leaned his warm body against mine. I raised an eyebrow at him. "You tap those, turn them sideways, to make mana, which you use to do ... things. Like, see this creature? It's a wurm, and it costs six mana to summon." He pointed to the mana cost.

"But it says '4'?"

"That's mana of any color. So you could tap a mountain, which is red mana, or any other mana, and that totals towards the four. See the little trees? You need four and then two green mana specifically. So a total of six, get it?" asked Bradan, his breath gently brushing against my cheek. Aedan bit his lower lip as he eyed my bulge. When he realized I was looking at him, he looked down at his own deck.

"Seems straightforward. But if I can only put one land a turn, doesn't that mean I can't play this wurm for six turns? That seems like a long time."

"Normally, yes, but this deck is built to deal with the high mana cost of most wurms," said Bradan. "It's honestly not a newbie setup, but I thought the wurm deck suited you," he chuckled, glancing down at the outline in my lap. It was currently occupied by what looked like a pair of melons and a summer sausage snaking past one leg.

"Y-yeah," agreed Aedan.

"And why's that?" I asked, chuckling. "Because I'm covered in spikes and you need a bunch of trees to summon me?"

"Well, Jaden used trees to summon you," said Aedan.

I chuckled. "Yeah, I guess she did."

"You do seem to know how to handle a huge amount of wood," said Bradan.

Aedan's eyes got bigger. "That's not what I meant, and you know it."

"It's what I meant," said Bradan, brushing some of his flat-ironed hair out of his eyes. "And, Brod, when you've summoned that big ol' wurm of yours, you can tap it to use it on your opponent."

I chuckled. "Oh, really? Well maybe you want to be the one to play me, then. I'm pretty experienced with my 'big ol' wurm.' "

Bradan grinned and leaned more heavily on me. One of his lithe hands rested on my thigh. "I bet. Have you ever used it on a boy before?"

"Oh, lots of them," I said, putting the cards down.

"I thought you only liked girls?" asked Aedan, putting his cards down as well.

I shook my head. "Nope. You can sit with us if you want," I chuckled.

"Oh. Okay." He nodded, his wild hair bouncing. He came over and sat on my other side, putting his hands in his own lap, almost as if he was afraid of coming into direct contact with me.

"How many girls h-have you. Have you had sex with?" asked Aedan. "And b-boys?"

"I can't count the number of ladies, but I've fucked several dozen boys at least," I answered.

"Oh," said Aedan.

Bradan's hand crept up and began to rub against my warm nut. "If that's the case, do you think we could see your deck, Brod?"

I rolled my eyes. "How many of those puns do you have in your hand?" I asked. "I don't think you have enough mana for all of them."

"Oh, you're bad," chuckled the redhead. His hand slipped under the waist of my shorts, and I felt it curl around my hot, flaccid length. "Oooh! It's so heavy and warm," he cooed. "Aedan, you're free to join, you know."

"Isn't this kind of weird with you being brothers?" I asked.

"We're um. You know, twins. We share. Everything...," offered Aedan. It was slow, but he was becoming a bit more vocal. I found his shy curiosity to be cute.

"That's right, and we were each other's first experiment," added Bradan. "And it looks like there's more than enough of you to go around."

Aedan reached over and began petting my right nut. Yes, petting—he tentatively rubbed his hand over its warm surface like it was a dog he didn't know."Your balls are so big," he moaned. His touching became more insistent until he was using both hands to knead my jizz-factory. My cock began to shift. Bradan's other hand joined the first in my shorts and pumped my length under the cloth. Dainty fingers slipped over hot skin, slipping across flesh, curling through the wrinkles. I felt his warm breath on my neck and chest.

After a moment, he decided to wrestle it free. It required both hands. I could feel how he tugged and fought my heavy organ. Bradan grunted as my growing cock flopped out onto my stomach.

"Oh my god, she was right," he chuckled.

"Who, Jaden?" I asked.

"Yeah," said Aedan.

"What'd she say?"

"That it was the biggest cock she'd ever seen. To be honest, I had a hard time believing it, even having seen your bulge," answered Bradan.

"Thought I stuffed my pants with wurms?" I asked.

"Something like that," chortled Bradan.

"Can you. Um. Can you...." Aedan bit his lower lip "T-take the pants off?"

I smiled and rubbed my hand down his back. My fingers gripped his rear and squeezed. "It's not gonna bite. You don't need to be shy with me." I lifted my hips enough to slip my shorts the rest of the way off.

"Going commando, huh?" asked Bradan.

"Pants aren't very comfortable," I explained as I sat back down. I rubbed my fingers over Bradan's bulge and hefted his balls. They were generous by normal standards, each feeling as large as a tennis ball.

"Y-yeah, I can believe it," said Aedan as he leaned in.

Both he and Bradan were staring at my gigantic organ with awe. By some unseen signal, they simultaneously leaned in, all four hands slipping towards my rising flesh-tower and pumping up and down its pulsing shaft. I leaned back and wrapped a thick arm around each of the twins.

I felt hot breath on my cock as they both began to lick the fat head, moaning and purring as they did so. My cock lifted up from my stomach, a sturdy column of flesh rising towards them.

"Oh my god," gasped Aedan. "How big are you?"

"This thing is bigger than my arm!" Bradan made a fist and put his forearm up against the hot surface of my cock. It dwarfed it in sheer size. The top of his knuckle came up to slightly under the back edge of my grapefruit-sized glans, and his slender arm didn't nearly compare to my absurd girth, thicker in the middle than a two-liter bottle.

"Nineteen-and-a-half inches normally," I told Aedan. "Over four across. Around ten-point-seven pounds in weight," I told him.

I didn't know how big either of them were, but they were both bigger than a few seconds ago. I noticed their cocks struggling to escape their pants, so I said, "Boys, I'm feeling overdressed. Would you mind?"

They looked at each other, their hands pausing on my fully erect member. Bradan stood up first, smiling as he slipped out of his t-shirt, revealing the gently toned lines of his torso. His skin was a deliciously milky tone. Then he began to undo his belt with a jingling of metal. Down came the zipper. Zzzpp. He wiggled out of his jeans, peeling them away from his body, revealing a nice little cock that sprung forward once freed.

Keep in mind that it was only "little" compared to me. His erection approached eight inches in length, his tangerine-sized nuts bouncing as they came free. He dropped his pants to the floor, smiling as he settled back down next to me, tongue rolling over his painted lips.

We shared a smile. I wrapped an arm around his waist and wrapped my meaty hand around his shaft.

"Mmm. You've got a strong grip," he commented. as I began to stroke his pulsing cock. I could feel his heartbeat.

"I'm strong all over," I said. Not my best line, but Bradan didn't seem to mind a whole lot. We both looked up at Aedan.

He had gotten his shirt off and was now biting his lip and fumbling clumsily to untie the drawstring on his shorts.

"What'd you do, tie a granny knot?" I asked.

"A what? I tied a bow," he said.

"You so did not tie a bow," countered Bradan. "Your pants would have been off by now."

Aedan grunted and finally managed to get the strings untied. I chuckled as he wiggled out of them. He wore a pair of green boxer-briefs that hugged every contour of his balls and growing erection. And when he peeled them away, that erection sprung upward, precum already beading at the tip. He looked at me and bit his lip, standing there and staring.

"You can sit down now," I chuckled.

"Okay," he said, kneeling next to me and gripping my cock.

He pushed his own sizeable—but outclassed—erection up against mine. Bradan knelt upright and did the same thing, the boys both rubbing their hot, pulsing organs against my towering behemoth.

Bradan gasped. "Oh, my god. Even together we're not anywhere near as big as you, not even soft!" He licked his lips, precum rolling down his cock in glistening rivulets. Both boys began rolling their hips, grinding their cocks against either side of mine. My strong hands rubbed up each body, gripping each ass and pulling them in.

"Mmm," I purred. Their precum began to roll down my own shaft, and it wasn't long before I felt it starting to leak from mine. A shining droplet appeared, swelled until it was the size of a marble, and rolled down. This was becoming quite a slimy affair. I felt our mixed precum rolling down into the capacious wrinkles of my enormous sack.

Again, without any obvious signal, they moved together, sitting down beside me. Four slender hands wrapped around my slick cock. The redheads began to pump up and down its great length, fingertips tracing every contour, palms slicking over its slippery surface. Schlick. Schlick. Schlick. I leaned back and relaxed against the couch as they worked on my cock.

Aedan's hot tongue ran up the underside of my fat member, along the edge of the head. Bradan lapped pre up from my tip, then wrapped his lips around it and slipped his tongue inside. I gasped as I felt the hard little metal balls of his barbel.

"Oh! Yeah, that's good," I grunted.

Bradan pulled his tongue free, trailing a long line of slime, and said, "You ever gotten a PB and J before?"

"What?" I asked.

"PB and J. A pierced blowjob," he explained as my pre rolled down his chin.

"I've never heard anyone say that before in my life," I told him.

He shook his head. "I've heard people say it."

"People besides you?" I asked. "Besides, wouldn't that be a 'pierced blow and job' since you add that 'and' in there?"

Aedan started laughing.

