 So I told him. One day I thought why the hell not it's not a bad secret you might as well tell him he's your best friend and he will accept you for who you are. Wait, not who I am, what I've done. A few years back I flirted with this guy Jose. I'm not gay, I just like attention, but he was so he gave me it. One thing lead to another and I offered to blow him--if I'm going with a dude I might as well utilize the penis aspect! Jose was intrigued but it was my ass he wanted (Ive been told i have a nice one). I was almost considering letting this guy pop my anal cherry when he suddenly got weird and told me what we were doing was wrong. Now me and my best friend Michael are both straight. I've pretty much always struck out with girls but I do want one. He has always consistently had a girlfriend and always waves his sexual exploits in my face. He really likes me as a friend though and tonight we were sitting on my couch in my living room and he was asking me to tell him everything. He didn't like his best friend keeping secrets from him.

"Come on Franky you gotta tell me everything" he emphasized the last word.

"I pretty much have Michael but there's just one thing I could never tell you... It'd change the way you think of me."

"What are you a republican or something?"

"Psh far from it!"

"What!? Tell me!"

"I dunno..." I knew it wouldn't be bad but the words stuck in my mouth and I couldn't speak.

He laughed "did you accidentally fuck a guy or something?"

"Uhm.... Not exactly?"

"Not exactly!?"

"I mean no I've never touched a guy or anything but..." I watched him very carefully. He had suddenly become very seriously and was waiting for me to finish my sentence. "Well once I almost did."

"That's awesome. How?" I didn't see what was awesome about it but I was thankful for the positive response. 

"I guess it sort of happened. We had a thing for a while I guess."

"What guy?"

"Jose"

"Oh yeah he's so gay."

"Not according to him"

He was silent for a long time. It made me nervous.

"Michael?"

"Sorry... Just you know, processing. Are you... Gay?"

"No."

"Bisexual?"

"No. it was just a one time thing, see this is why I worried about telling you."

"I believe you don't worry. I'm just- who was the girl?"

"The girl?"

"Yeah I mean who was on the receiving end. The submissive?"

"Oh... Well I guess that was me" I was so ashamed. It was true I wanted nothing to do with a guy unless it was their cock entering me.

"Huh, I never saw that. Interesting. You're such a manly guy except... I mean"

I knew what he meant. I was was one if the unfortunate males diagnosed with gynecomastia... Meaning I had tits. I always said once I reached eighteen I'd have them removed, but surgery is expensive and in truth I'd grown fond of them. They didn't hang well in a t-shirt but when the clothes were off they were beautiful, and I'd dated girls with smaller tits. Squeezing them and rubbing them always added so much to my masturbating sessions I don't know how I could part with them.

"You mean except for my breasts" I frowned.

"Yeah I mean no offense or anything it's just... I've always noticed you had them and... Fuck"

"I know. I should get them removed. I can't even take off my shirt in public"

"No! They're beautiful. I mean they're nice, I think you should keep them. I've always just sort of..."

"What?" I demanded. I was still shocked from him calling them beautiful.

"I always kinda wanted to feel them. But you always push me away when I try to mess with them."

"I don't like being teased"

"I never meant to tease you I just wanted to feel what they're like. You're so lucky having a set on you"

I scoffed, the last thing my tits made me was lucky. "Well if you like them so much you can have them."

"Really?"

I laughed. "If I could give them to you sure but they're stuck on."

"Well can I feel them at least?"

"Sure I guess." I didn't see the harm in it if it made him happy. He reached a hand over and set it awkwardly on my chest, and then after a moment squeezed my breast through my shirt.

"Can I?" He asked and I wasn't sure what it was but I nodded anyways. I had no objection to being touched by a friend. He ran his hands down my shirt and then entered and slid back up to my breasts. My tits resting in his palms as he squeezed. "Oh man" he said "those are awesome. Just like a girls! Except hairy." 

"Feel them as long as you'd like. Just don't do this in front of people." I lifted my shirt over my head since it was awkward and he showed no signs of boredom with the activity. He weighed each one in the palm of his hand.

After a while he asked "do you think you could turn? I could cop a better feel that way" he didn't even sound like himself, this was getting a bit weird for me. It's a strange position though getting your breasts massaged, saying no now wouldn't exactly make much difference. I mean so what he wants a different angle? The guy likes boobies, there isn't anything gay about it really I like mine too and I can tell you that is the best angle.

"Ok" I turned and he switched hand and moved his arms underneath mine. Now he was holding the lump beneath my nipple between his thumb and forefinger. Squeezing just a bit too hard ever so often.

"How'd you get these?"

"I dunno it's hormonal I guess. I think we should stop." I was extremely uncomfortable, not because he'd been touching me for so long but because it was starting to feel good and my dick was getting hard. 

"Ok." He immediately let go. I turned to him. "Sorry if that was weird" he said.

"No it was fine." I admitted. "I like being touched, just how long do you need anyways?" I laughed and he did too but I knew from my experiences with girls that I could lick squeeze and suck those things for hours. Girls seemed to like that. I caught myself wondering what it would feel like to have Michael's mouth on my nipples...

"Honestly I'd love to play with them again if you ever let me."

"Okay sure. Ill think about it." It really had been enjoyable.

"Actually-"

"What?"

"There's another part of you I've always been interested in."

I looked at him shocked. "Interested?"

"I mean... It's your ass. It's so round and tight. Kinda perfect really.

Oh my god was Michael gay!?

"The kind I always wanted to find on a girl but I can never find a girl with a nice ass like that."

Okay phew, he's not gay. I know he likes girls and besides he's always been an ass man, I'm sure it's just his thing.

"You want to touch that too!?" I was shocked.

"No! No... I mean wait are you offering?"

"No I am not." Touching my ass was too far.

"Okay. I just wanted to see it. Out of your pants." I thought about it. I suppose he has never seen my bare bottom. 

"Isn't that gay?"

"Aren't you the one who almost slept with a guy?"

"No... I mean not really. Jose wanted to-"

"To what? Fuck your ass?"

"I mean yeah he was sorta into anal and all but I never-"

"Would you have?"

"I thought about it." And my thought about it I mean I'd experimented. First by rimming with my fingers in the shower, then sticking one finger up.... Then a other. "But only for him." For some reason I'd been willing to do anything for Jose. Sometimes he used to call me his bitch. I enjoyed that.

"But not me?"

"Well I mean. I'd always wanted it to be him. But I guess you can see it." Already without a shirt, I pulled my socket shorts down and exposed my ass.

"That's hot" he said strangely. I turned to face him. He was rubbing himself through his shorts. "Turn around he said." I did as I was told. "Bend over I want a better look" 

I knew this wasn't the best place to view my ass but it bent over anyways. "Don't try anything"

"I wont. So when you said you wanted it to be him, you meant You wanted him to take your virginity?"

"My anal virginity yeah. I'd still have my virginity with girls because I wouldn't have entered anyone." I could swear I hear his pants strap snap.

"Man your ass is perfect Franky. A little hairy but man." I though I heard something tapping repetitively. What is he doing? I turned my head. His dick was out! And he was masturbating. He didn't even notice me look he was so concentrated on my ass. His dick was six inches long, uncircumcised. Nothing amazing but still it was the first time I'd seen another guys penis hard. And stroking!

"Are you sure I can't touch it?" He pleaded. 

"Alright go ahead." The tapping stopped. Immediately his hands were on my ass, each one massaging a cheek. It felt amazing, sometime he'd stretch them apart exposing my asshole I'm sure, and sometimes he'd push my cheeks together oh god I was enjoying this too much, this was not good. He started moving his hands up which was surprising, he was massaging my lower back, I was still on my knees bent over on the couch for him. 

"So what did you offer to do to Jose?"

"I only told him I'd ooooh" he hit a great spot in my lower back kneeling it so my stomach was pushed to the couch mile my ass still stuck up in the air "I'd suck his cock for him."

"I can't imagine you sucking cock, what would you do?" 

"I'd lick it I guess. Whatever he told me." 

"Whatever?" He was working his way up to my shoulders, and I felt his shirt brushing up against my ass.

"Yeah I mean ahh" right between my shoulder blades. "I was kind of his bitch"

"Bitch!? That's awesome!" 

I laughed "that's what he said." Suddenly he moved further up to my shoulders and as he did so his torso move with him and his shirt moved forward and was replaced with his six inch dick which slipped past my butt cheeks. He rubbed it on my crack back and forth. Precum I could feel dripping on my low back. His cock was still out!? I was surprised.

"Hey!"

"You wanna be my bitch too?"

"No Michael stop." He did.

"Come on man, you have such a fine ass."

"I can't. I always-" I'd always imagined Jose with his beautiful tan body. Entering me. Loving me. Not some friend who wanted to fuck, someone who really liked me. Regardless of gender. "Look... I can suck you off I guess if you like."

"Really?" 

"Yeah. I mean I've never done it before. Come here. I turned around and it just now registered that I had been fully naked for the whole charade. I can't blame him for trying to fuck me I'm sending all the wrong signals.

I turned and looked at his cock. How was I going to do this? I had to put that thing in my mouth? "Uhm sit down." He did.

Maybe he'd let me back out now. But looking at his eager face I knew he wouldn't be happy. After all, shouldn't I want my friend happy? 

I got down on my knees and stuck my tongue out. I licked the underside if his dick from base to tip. Salty. I'd always been curious about this, I'd spent many a night jacking off the the thought of Jose's tan member in my mouth, but now here was Michaels in front of me. I licked all around his cock. "Oh god " he murmered I smiled up at him, glad someone was enjoying it. I swirled my tongue around the head and tickled the sensitive underside "fuck!" He groaned. I giggled. I like this. I wrapped my lips around the crown of his hard head and pulled back a little, and repeated the process licking his slit while my lips ran along his head sucking it towards me. I licked down his shaft again "lick my balls!" He exclaimed. I did. I was truly his bitch now. 

Finally I put my whole mouth around his dick and tried to slide it in my mouth but I gagged and went back to licking. I tried several times but I always gagged. Fuck I thought. Maybe anal would be easier. "Close your eyes I said" if we were doing this, it would be my way.

I slowly lowered myself on his cock. He smiled when he felt my tight anus on his cock head still slimy from my saliva. I had to push myself down and still it barely entered. I relaxed and breathed and focused on opening up for him. Finally I slowly and painfully slided his cockhead in. Then I delicately sat until my balls were rested on his.

"Thank you Franky. Thank you." No need to thank me. It felt amazing! Another human was inside of me! If never been so close to anyone in my life. Truly I love my best friend.

I straightened my leg and suddenly his cock slid out of me. It felt strange like going to the bathroom except a big void was left behind. I immediately sat back down, a bit too hastily, an it hurt. 

I eventually found a rhythm moving up and down and his hands groped my tits as i bounced. my dick was so fucking hard! but I grew tired as much as I love the feeling and just sat there with his cock deep inside of me. He started thrusting but it was too awkward. I noticed my cock oozing Precum.

"Can we change position?" I asked. Sure he said. I got off and he grabbed my ass, but I had a different position I wanted. I lay on my back on the couch with my ass hanging off the edge. I speed my legs "fuck me like this" I asked.

He had to bend to his knees but I loved his eyes looking in mine as I felt his cock enter me again. I could tell he'd fucked before... I wonder if he could tell it was my first time. He held my legs as he drilled into me. "Do you want to fuck me after this he asked?"

"No" I moaned. "I'm waiting for the right girl." At that he leaned over and kissed me. A romantic long wet kiss. If felt weird kissing a guy. Very awkward. His lips were shaped different. But he meant it and that's what mattered. He loved me in that instant and he kept on kissing me as he jerked me off. The stimulation was too much. Look at me, living oh my wildest sexual fantasy which had always been about Jose with my best friend Michael and I still had yet to fuck a girl... At least I was getting a good lesson.

Between his hand-Michaels hand!- on my dick and his cock deep in my ass I couldn't last. I came and came all over his hand and my belly. I felt my ads go tight around his cock and his dick spasm and he shot load after load in my ass. He stopped thrusting, pushed in deeper and collapsed on top of me his dick still in my ass. His mouth went first to my lips and then to my nipple. 

"God. I love your tits"

"They're yours" I told him. He smiled and kissed me.

And then the door opened. My parents were home! I heard my mom gasp. And that's where they found us. Naked except for his shirt, kissing with his cock still inside of me.