 It was more than a year ago when I and my assistant Matthew first made love together. Yes I know how wrong it seemed at the time, but we both fell in love with each other. As time has passed tongues were starting to wag. Even the prior of our monastery told me it was unseemly to be so close to Matthew. Of course I ignored the prior's advice. Matthew and I were fast lovers.

The problem was how we could be together without everyone noticing. We decided to meet late at night in the sacristy. That is the room off the main altar where my robes and religious items are stored. Everyone was supposed to be in their rooms between the hours of one and three am. A few minutes after one Matthew would meet me in the sacristy. I would lock the door behind us and then we would disrobe.

Matthew looked like a male model. He was tall and thin and he had these incredible abs. I am dark haired and shorter than Matthew. I guess we made an odd couple when viewed together. There was a small table in the room and Matthew would lie back on it. I would let him watch me as I stroked my cock to get hard. Once I was erect I fitted my cock head to his opening and I pushed into him.

We had to be so careful as not to make noise. Matthew had to hold his hand to his mouth more than once when I slid my thick cock into his bottom. This may sound profane, but Matthew loves my cock. There is no opportunity for us to use rubbers. I was afraid someone would come across a spent one in the garbage. We knew it was unsafe to fuck raw, but there was no other way. Besides, Matthew said he loves feeling my raw bone inside his ass.

One evening I was taking Matthew with my cock. I had his legs in my hands and I was feeding him every inch I had. My God, Matthew is so tight down there. On top of that he uses his muscles to squeeze my erection as we make love. I was pounding Matthew hard that night. It had been a hard week at the monastery and I was tense. I took it out on Matthew's ass.

I drove my dick in the whole way on each stroke. It was so quiet in the room. The only noise you could hear was my balls slapping against Matthew's cheeks and the occasional grunt from one of us. We usually try go less than a half an hour so no one will catch us. I was getting close that night. My balls started to pinch and I forced my dick in the whole way when I flooded Matthew with my seed.

It had been almost a whole week since we had last made love. I had stored up a large load for my monk lover. I exploded inside Matthew and he used his muscles to milk me dry. I knew I could never give up Matthew as my lover. I kept stroking Matthew's ass until I finally went soft. When I pulled out my cock made this plopping sound as I slipped out. Matthew used the small restroom off the sacristy to clean himself up.

We stole out of the room and went back to our own bedrooms. I thought this was a good way to be with Matthew, I was wrong. One morning a few days later the prior asked to see me. He said he had concerns about Matthew and I. I asked him what concerns these were. He said the whole monastery was whispering that the Abbot and Matthew were secret sodomites. I tried to tell him that it was idle chatter from lonely monks.

He set me straight. On the night we were making love in the sacristy, the prior couldn't sleep. Only the abbot and the prior could leave their rooms after midnight. The prior came down to the chapel to pray. He said her heard voices so he walked over the the door to the sacristy. He tried to open the door, but it was locked. He told me he heard Matthew and me and the sounds he heard were of men having sex together.

My face must have given me away. I went crimson with embarrassment. I tried to tell the prior he was mistaken, it had only been me in the sacristy. He said as he couldn't enter the room, he went to Matthew's cell. It was empty. 

"What do you want from me?" I asked him.

"You either need to stop or step aside," he said.

The prior was an ambitious man for a monk. He was now in his fifties and had been passed over for the abbot's position when I got it instead. I knew where this was heading. He wanted me gone along with Matthew. I told him I would take all this under consideration and I dismissed him. You could say I was shaking in my boots, if I only wore boots instead of sandals. After the prior left I went and sought out Matthew. I told him to follow me out to the garden.

I figured that anyone seeing us out in the open wouldn't think a thing about it. I let Matthew know what the prior had said to me. Matthew's face said it all. He was shocked and concerned about the both of us.

"What are you going to do?" He asked me.

"I don't have many options. We can keep on being lovers until they toss us out of the monastery or we can leave here and start over somewhere else."

"We aren't exactly fit to be living in the real world," Matthew said to me.

"You will be okay," I told him. "You have computer skills that would find you a position somewhere in a company."

"What about you? There aren't many jobs for ex-abbots out there," Matthew told me.

I laughed and told him not to worry about me. I asked him if we did leave together would he want to be with me in the outside world. Matthew gave me a look like he was hurt by my asking him that question.

"I want to be with you forever Joseph."

Well, that seemed to settle that for the moment. I had to give this all some thought before I made any decision. One thing was certain, all these accusations had made me horny. I told Matthew to come to my room tonight. No more sacristy trysts for the time being. Matthew arrived at my room just a few minutes after one that night. The door was open and Matthew slipped in and locked the door behind him. 

I was already naked and waiting for him. Matthew removed his robe and climbed onto the bed. I had been stroking my cock in anticipation of this. Matthew climbed up over top of me. He took hold of my erect cock and started to rub his ass up and down my prick. God, I could barely contain myself. I reached out to his hips and I started to push Matthew down onto my mushroom cap.

I guess because we had been lovers all this time, Matthew was able to slide right down onto me. We didn't waste any time. I brought my ass up from the bed and Matthew dropped down onto my stiff cock. I took Matthew as if it was going to be the last time we ever made love together. I pounded his hole as hard as I could. Matthew threw his head back and used his ass muscles to massage my cock. 

My balls were pressed against his ass as he dropped down on me again and again. I finally managed to flip Matthew onto his back. I got his legs onto my shoulders and I fed him every hard inch I possessed. I know we were making noise and I frankly didn't care anymore. I stretched my legs out and slammed my erection into Matthew as far as I could.

I know we must have gone on for an hour or more. I was able to hold out this night longer than usual. I finally did get to the point where I had to release my love offering. Matthew ended up taking my love seed deep in his belly that night. I had to have shot five times or more into his greedy hole. We were both sweating when we finished our hot lovemaking. Matthew soon got back into his robes and left my room. A plan came to me later that night and I knew what I had to do.

A couple days passed when I called all the monks together for a meeting out on the grounds of the monastery. This was highly unusual and I could see all the tongues wagging. The prior seemed to be besides himself. Normally any large meeting like this, I was supposed to notify him first. I could see the steam rolling out of his ears. I began to speak.

"As you know, there have been accusations made against me. I won't go into the baseless talk about Brother Matthew and myself. I have spoken to the head abbot at our main house. He agrees with me and I have some new changes that will be taking place immediately. Prior Robert is being assigned to a new monastery and Brother Matthew will take his place."

"Brother Matthew is an invaluable member here. He has helped to modernize our computer system and we have gained more supporters and brought many new brothers to the fold. Let us all give a hand to our new prior."

The look on Prior Robert's face was priceless. Instead of become the new abbot, he was being assigned to one of our backwater monasteries in another state. Robert pushed his way through the crowd and back into the monastery. I was sure he would be burning up the phone lines to the head office. Unfortunately for Robert, the head abbot was friendly with me and liked the job I was doing.

I had told him either I had to leave or Prior Robert. I couldn't have him undermining my authority here. I also suggested Matthew as the new prior. Sort of killing two birds with one stone, as they say. Brother Robert was gone in two days time to his new post. Prior Matthew and I made passionate love that very evening. Matthew and I were in the sacristy again. Matthew took my cock in his mouth and made me hard.

This was how it should be. No more sneaking around. Once Matthew had my cock hard he stood up. The new prior placed his arms around my neck and I lifted him off the floor. My cock found his waiting hole and I entered my lover. I can tell you the sex was more intense than I can remember for a long time since. I fed him my long, thick pole and Matthew nearly screamed as I gave him exactly what he craved. He wanted the abbot's cock and he could have it freely from now on.

I think the rest of the monks were happy that Brother Robert was in his new home out of state. I heard from more than one monk that it was the best thing to happen since I was made abbot. Matthew and I can now have sex without looking over our shoulders. I plan to be a monk for a long, long time.