 The first thing I did was try to shave. Everywhere. I hated how ridiculous I had looked the night Sean had made me dress up in my mothers underwear before he fucked me. 

I was so hairy it took hours. I used an electric razor and it would often get caught on my hair. It was an irritating process but when I was done the only hair I had was on my head and in my nicely groomed eyebrows.

The next two days I spent avoiding my father who had been witness to Sean's cock penetrating my panty covered ass, and had apparently enjoyed it due to the mess of cum he made while watching.

This unfortunately left me needing somewhere to spend the night where my father wouldn't be, and I was forced again to accept Michael's insistent offers to sleep over at his house.

Since letting him pop my anal cherry, Michael had become far less loving and a lot more aggressive in his sexual advances. Tonight was no exception.

"My parents aren't home, take your clothes off."

He commanded the second I walked into his house. It was a small living room with a nice leather couch.

"What?" I asked confused.

"You heard me" he said, plopping on the couch. "Strip them off. Slowly. He beamed up at me with an amused smile.

"Don't even buy me dinner first?" I teased nervously.

"My parents will only be gone for a couple hours, we don't want a repeat of our first time do we?" He was right, the first time I let him--or anyone--inside of me my parents had gotten home just in time to see.

"I guess not." I said, slowly removing my shorts.

"Good. Wiggle while you do that. Turn around."

I turned my butt towards him and shook it playfully as I pulled down my boxers an inch at a time.

"Holy shit!" He gasped. "You shaved!" He was all grins.

"Yeah I did it last night." I admitted.

"Man your ass looks just like a hot bitches! Wait last night? I thought you were chilling with Sean?"

"Yeah..." I didn't know how he would react of I admitted to letting Sean fuck me the same way he did. Would he be jealous? Would he even care? 

"Did you let him do what I do with you?" He teased unknowingly.

"Yes..." I admitted. I could tell he was startled so I started to explain "he was so upset about breaking up with his girlfriend and he needed someone to take her place I'm sorry please don't be upset."

"I'm not upset." He laughed. "I had no idea I'd turned you into such a little cock whore."

I blushed at that. "Come sit on my lap." I did as asked. I felt his stiff hard rod immediately. Man it was hard. I had to move around to get it to squeeze in between my cheeks.

"So you're Sean's girlfriend now huh? God tht makes me so hot. What's he make you do for him?"

I rolled my ass up and down against his dick. "He Uhm... Well he had me dress up."

"In what?" He was pushing back against my ass. He ran his hands under my shirt and lifted it, feeling for my newly shaved feminine breasts to squeeze and pinch as he liked.

"Well.." I was embarrassed but his dick and hands were turning me on. "I put on my moms bra and panties." His cock suddenly pushed enormous pressure between my cheeks.

He stopped. "Holy fuck" he said. "Stay here." He ran out of the room. He returned and I wasn't surprised to see a nice silk pair of lingerie in his hands.

"This is my moms. Put it on for me."

I qui lot learned his mom was much smaller than mine. Her panties were tight up against my ass crack and my cock poked out of the top, glistening with Precum. The bra however did wonders for by boy tits, the smaller size squeezing them to look bigger.

He walked over and started to kiss me with a lot of passion. I was a little surprised but not very, his hand was around my waist feeling its way into his mothers panties and the other one clasped my back pulling me towards him, the bra rubbing against his chest while his arm worked its way beneath the strap.

My cock rubbed up against his. He moves his back and forth against mine through the thin silk. Finally he grabbed ahold of the material and let his in beside mine so they were skin to skin.

"Sean just took his little girlfriend like this, with panties on?" He asked.

"Uh huh and..." Shit I had to tell someone "my dad watched the whole thing, I'm pretty sure he was jacking off too."

He pulled away from me for a moment to judge whether I was telling the truth or not. " of course he was, your ass probably reminded him of your mothers in those panties." Was he right? Had it been my mother my father was thinking about? Or had it been me? 

"You've been such a great friend to Sean and me. Are you as good of a son?" He teased. 

"No! I would never..." What was he suggesting?

"I'm teasing you girl, now get those pretty lips down here and show me what you'd do for daddy."

I was not amused by the tone, but the concept turned me on. I lowered myself to me knees and turned my sexiest eyes up at him as I began to lick his cock.

"That's a good girl. Daddy loves your tongue on his cock." He smiled at me, and held my gaze for a moment before he reached down and pulled my nipples so they stuck out above his mothers bra, teasing them lightly between his fingers. 

I slid my lips over his dick and felt it disappear in my mouth. I was getting better at these blowjobs, I no longer gagged when it reached the back of my throat. Instead my throat opened up so I could fit more of him in my mouth.

"Oh baby, get back up on daddy's lap." I did as he said. He slapped my ass and pulled the panties of exposing my bare ass. I could tell he was not very patient and wanted to get to the real thing. 

He commanded me to lift my ass. He pulled apart my round smooth shaved cheeks to expose my pink hole. "Beautiful" he said before he commanded me to sit as he guided my hole onto his cock. 

The feeling of him entering barely hurt at all anymore. Sean had been bigger. I sat and wiggled before bouncing up. And down on his lap. "Good job, you're dady's little girl aren't you?" He asked. 

"Yes." I said, playing along as I moved up and down his cock. If nothing else this was a great exercise, and I did love the feeling of stretching and pushing out. Expanding and squeezing. He began to fondle my tits.

After some time he stood us up, still deep inside of me, and forced me down on the couch, his hands holding my breasts in his hands and he fucked me like a dog. I could tell my own pleasure was no longer an object.

I enjoyed it none the less, my cock rubbed against the couch through the beautiful silk material of his mothers panties with each thrust he made within me. I was fucking the couch. The added anal and breast stimulation made it feel like I was getting a sex massage.

I began to feel a heightened tingling in my cock as is stretched through his moms panties. I started thrusting myself into them and therefore thrust back against Michaels dick, forcing him even deeper than usual.

Cum spilled out of me. I could feel spurt after delightful spurt as my cock continued to spasm for what felt like ever.

Michael fucked me even harder then, and the additional tightness from the orgasm made it hurt worse. I grabbed his ass behind me and pulled him in harder with each thrust. Finally he pulled out and I felt warm liquid fountaining from my shaven ass. 

When I got up I found the cum had trickled onto his mother's panties while my own cum had seeped through the front side and left a puddle on the leather couch.

The leather was easy to clean, the panties not so much. Michael had me lick it all up. "How are we going to get these clean?" I asked

"Don't. He said", settling in to watch a movie with me. "Keep them, they look good on you."

His parents came home about an hour later and we all ate. After that they went to sleep and we finished outlet movie. He didn't make me have sex with him before bed and I was thankful for that. I needed sleep after last night.

As I slept I dreamt of being home with my parents. when i looked down at my body I was still dressed in cum covered lingerie. I ran. I couldn't let them see me this way. I had to hide in my room and shut the door.

I hid under the covers but before I knew it the door to my room opened and my father entered, shutting the door behind him.

"Son." He said solemnly. "We have to talk about the activities you have been engaging in lately."

"I know dad I didn't mean to-"

"Let me talk son. You can't be wearing women's underwear and letting other boys fuck you. It turns daddy on too much."

" I know but I-"

"When you turn me on, I have no choice but to get rid of it any way I can. The other night when you saw me masturbating, I had no choice."

"I know dad..."

"It's not right for me to be having these feelings for my son. You have to promise me you won't dress sexily anymore."

"Yessir."

"Now get out of bed and come out of your room."

"But I-"

"Son, I don't want to tell you twice."

"Yessir." I sat up and the covers fell from my body exposing my lingerie covered breasts and cock.

"Damnit son, look what you did." All of a sudden my fathers thick big cock was out of his pants hard as a rock.

"I told you I would have to take care of it if you got me horny again. Now lets spread those legs." My fathe spread my legs apart and the next thing I knew I felt his thick cockhead entering my ass.

"Oh daddy." I moaned as he plunged in deeper.

"You've been fucking with boys, but I'm gonna show you how a real man fucks."

He was moving in and out of me at the perfect speed, giving me so much pleasure. "Oh daddy. Fuck me daddy. Fuck me--oh!"

But when I opened my eyes it was Michael on top of me. He had pulled my boxers off in my sleep and spread my legs apart to fuck me as I lay on my back.

"Nice dream?" He asked.

"Mmhmm." I smiled. "Oh that feels really good Michael."

"How about a few more 'fuck me daddy's?"

"Oh god did I say that out loud?"

"Very loud. It was awesome." 

"Ooh daddy." I pulled the nape of his neck towards me and kissed his lips. "Fuck me as hard as you can."

We made out until he came inside of me. The first time I didn't cum first. We kept on kissing until he went limp and slipped out. I was still so horny though.

I remembered how Sean had licked my sick through my panties. "Hey Michael, I'm still super horny."

"Sorry dude, I'm all finished."

"I know but maybe you could... You know."

He did know, but he looked reluctant. "Okay" he said finally.

He went down and licked my dick from base to head. I shivered. That kind of tickled. He licked every inch of my member, if he had missed a spot I would know. It felt amazing, it was driving me crazy.

"Now there's a good daddy" I teased. "Now suck it."

He put his lips tightly around my dick and then his mouth went down. "Oh god" I moaned. So this is how it feels.

"Oh daddy. Yeah suck my cock Michael that feels so good." I didn't have time to warn him before I felt the first wave of cum come out as my cock jerked in his mouth.

Much to my surprise he kept on sucking. Much to both of our surprise there came a knocking on his door. 

"Go to sleep." He fathers voice said through the door sternly. We froze. I must have been too loud. We made no response and got back under the blankets.

Michael spooned me, apparently unworried about how much his father had heard. As we fell asleep I wondered how much longer I would let this go on.

"I really need to fuck a girl." I thought.