 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

My name is Rob. I'm 30 and I work from home doing graphic design for a small greeting-card company based on the east coast. I'm also bisexual, which is to say, I have had girlfriends and boyfriends, some just friends, some lovers. I have a one-bedroom apartment over on the west side, not far from my parents' house. A couple of years ago, my younger sister, Jenny, was planning her wedding and asked me to be a groomsman. She had met a nice guy—actually her yoga instructor—and she wanted me to be an usher and groomsman at their wedding. I said I would, both to help her out, but also to get a better look at her intended, Hank. I had met him once, when he dropped my sister off at home after yoga, and he was gorgeous. He was wearing tight little gym shorts and I couldn't help checking-out his package, which was impressive.

The day of the wedding, all the men involved were in a changing room getting ready. I had my eye on Hank, and I was not disappointed. When he shed his street pants to slip into his tuxedo, I got a good look at his Calvins and I could see the enticing outline of his huge hunk of manhood. Little did I know, I would get a much closer look at it in about 2 hours.

Just then, the wedding planner knocked on the door and yelled, "We need ushers at the chapel entrance; guests are starting to arrive." That was my cue to go to work. Hank and his best man, his brother, were still getting ready. I met the wedding planner at the chapel entrance and she went over our duties: Bride's friends on the left side, groom's friends on the right, offer your arm to the lady, etc.

After all the guests were seated and the wedding was about to start, I took my place in the procession line next to one of the bridesmaids, and we all started walking slowly into the church. Everyone looked his and her best—the bridesmaids in their dresses and the men in their elegant tuxedos. When we were all in place, my dad walked my sister down the aisle and delivered her to her waiting groom. Wow, did she look beautiful, and all grown up. Her dress was off the shoulder and her massive tits were front-and-center, all creamy white and jiggly. Hank couldn't take his eyes off those sumptuous tits. Jen and Hank turned to face the minister, and before long the ceremony was over. When the minister proclaimed, "Ladies and Gentlemen, may I present Mr. and Mrs. Hank Summers," Jen and Hank turned to face the assembly and kissed warmly. That's when I saw it: Hank had a boner the size of Texas! 

When we all got outside, I grabbed Hank and headed for the changing room. I told the wedding planner, "We'll be back in 5 minutes; we've got a wardrobe malfunction here." She just said, "OK, but hurry. We need everyone back here for photos pronto."

When we got to the changing room, Hank asked me, "What's wrong? What are we doing here?"

I said, "Buddy, you've got a problem. I know you were staring at my sister's tits for the past hour and now you've got a gigantic hard-on! And, those tux pants are a little tight on you. You can't get wedding pictures taken looking like that."

Hank quickly reached down and felt his throbbing cock and his eyebrows raised and his mouth was the shape of an O. "Oh my God! What can we do?" he asked in a panic. 

I sat down on the bench and closed the modesty curtain. I said, "I don't know yet; drop your pants and let's take a look." Hank undid his belt and his pants dropped to his ankles. I asked, "OK if I take a look?" He nodded and I pulled down his underwear. My heart skipped a beat, and my dick twitched. There, not 5 inches from my lips, was the most beautiful cock I had ever seen. It was a good 10" long, thick as a salami, and standing straight out. I said, "Hank, these briefs of yours are way too loose; they're never going to contain this massive member of yours."

Hank explained that he had to wear those because they were white and wouldn't be noticeable under his tux pants. I quickly took off my tux pants and underwear and told him, "Here, change into these fast as you can. I'll help you with your pants." He did as he was told.

"Wow!" he said. "These are much tighter, and they're a nude color. They just might work." He finished pulling up my Spandex Lycra briefs. I pulled my pants back up and sat back down on the bench. I said, "Here, let me see what I can do. OK if I touch?" I didn't wait for an answer. I tucked his semi-hard cock inside the briefs and sort of coiled it around so that it looked more like a nice, neat package and not so much like a giant banana. "OK. Now you're ready for your close-up." I said. "We'd better get back out there before they come looking for us. And keep your eyes off of Jen's tits until the photographer is done." 

Later, at the reception, Hank came over to me and put his arm around my shoulder. "I just wanted to thank you for rescuing me today. That was quick thinking on your part and you saved me. And I won't forget it. I owe you one, Rob." 

I gave him a wink and a nod and said, "It was my pleasure, buddy. I hope I was gentle with you." Little did he know that it literally was my pleasure. I had enjoyed handling that gorgeous cock of his and I was thinking hard about how I could get up close and personal with it again. I had an idea, but I wanted to give it a rest and not be too eager.

Two Months Later

When they got back from their honeymoon, Jen and Hank were staying at my parents' home 'til they could find an apartment of their own. I wanted to get started on my idea of how I could see more of Hank while he still remembered that he did "owe me." I had some blood work done by my GP, Dr. Joan Anderson in order to set the stage. I called Hank and asked him to stop by my apartment after work, and he could just ask Jen for the address, how to get there and where to park. 

When Hank arrived I invited him in and offered him a beer. "What did you want to see me about?" he asked.

"Well," I responded, with a serious look on my face, "Remember when you said that you owed me for saving your bacon at the wedding? There is a wonderful way you can repay me. Just hear me out: I recently had some blood work done by my doctor, Dr. Joan Anderson, for my annual physical exam. She informed me that all the results were normal except one: It looks like I have Low T. Do you know what that is?"

Hank answered, "Yeah, that's low testosterone, isn't it?"

"Yes, that's it." I said. "She explained that it is rare for someone my age, but the good news is that it is treatable. She said that if it isn't treated right away, Low T could lead to depression, weakness, fatigue, and erectile dysfunction."

"Well, you can just take pills for that, can't you?" he asked.

I put on that serious face again and explained, "She told me NOT to take any pills because everything on the market now is synthetic testosterone. She wants me to take the "natural" hormone. She asked me if I had a brother or a male friend that could give me the "natural" hormone. Well, I told her that I had a brother-in-law, and she advised me to contact you right away and ask if you could be a donor for me. Then I remembered that you had told me that you owed me. And so I called you. What do you think about the idea? Would you be willing to be my donor?"

Hank squirmed in his chair a bit and asked, "What would I do, jack into a cup for you, or something?"

"Dr. Anderson explained that when semen is exposed to air, the testosterone is damaged, and that I would have to take it from you with my mouth so as not to expose it to the air. Hank, I won't press you for an answer now, but please give it some thought and let me know. It would involve your stopping by my place once a week to be my donor 'til my levels come up again. I hope you will decide to repay me for helping you; it would certainly improve the quality of my life." Again with the serious look. "Let me know, will you?"

Hank couldn't hide a tiny smile. I think he wanted to agree to it right then, but he just said, "I'll give it some careful thought. I don't think Jen or your parents need to know about this, do you?"

I gave him a little grimace and said quietly, "I might be a little embarrassed."

Hank stood and finished his beer. "I'll get right back to you with my answer, I promise."

"Great! And thanks again, brother." A happier face now.

Well, he called me back the following day and said that he would do it, and asked me when I wanted to start. I thanked him and asked him to come as soon as possible, and to please skip intercourse with Jen, and/or masturbation the day before. "OK. I'll come over tomorrow after work, and every Thursday after that 'til you get well again, buddy." My grand idea was working!

Hank showed up the next afternoon like he promised. I asked him, "Did you skip intercourse last night?" He said, "We did and no masturbation. I think I have a good healthy dose for you. How do you want to do this, anyway?"

I said, "Great. Come on I'll show you." I led him into the bedroom and asked him to take off his clothes and lie down on his back. I asked him, "If you like we could smoke a joint first, just to relax a little?" He agreed, and I stripped quickly and sparked a hooter I had rolled earlier. I took a hit, passed it to Hank. I sat on the bed beside him and I started to rub his stomach and legs. His cock was already getting long and thick, throbbing with each beat of his heart. I took another toque on the joint, and reached for some lube. "My doctor suggested I give you a little prostate massage while I'm waiting for my dose. The stimulation will aid in a more complete drainage and produce much more of the hormone." I was keeping it technical for this first donation. By now his dick was ripe and ready for milking. 

"Try to hold back a bit before you squirt. Let the pressure build and allow your prostate to get primed. Ready to start?" I tried not to act to eager, but I was dying to go down on him and taste his massive cock and maybe a little pre-cum.

"Come and get it," he said. He put the joint in the ashtray and started rubbing his chest and pinching his nipples. 

I gently spread his legs a little and started with baby kisses all around his cock and balls. He started moaning softly and put his hand in back of my neck. I licked a little drop of pre-cum off the tip of his cock and he let out a louder moan. His cock was magnificent and I enjoyed taking my time, bringing him up slowly. I squeezed a dribble of lube onto my middle finger and positioned the fingertip against his anus. "I'm going to start the prostate massage now if that's OK? The question was rhetorical and I started easing my slippery finger into his tight butt. His breathing was heavy now. "Just relax," I told him as my mouth started bobbing up and down slowly. In no time the huge mushroom head of his cock started to turn pink. The sight of that ripe cock had my heart pounding. My middle finger was all the way in his ass now and I started rubbing side to side of the soft ball of his prostate. He blew out a little gasp with every stroke of my finger. I knew he couldn't last long.

I was sitting next to his side and I leaned forward and let my dick hang down in case he wanted to stroke it. I wanted to offer him some lube in case he wanted to explore my butt, but that would probably have been too heavy for the first visit. With my thumb and free fingers I squeezed his balls together and tried to milk every drop of jizz out of them. 

"Are you ready for your medicine? Ooooohhhh... I want this to last as long as I can. You are such a sweet and gentle cocksucker." He was panting now and I felt his butthole tighten. I wanted it to last longer too, but I knew there would be other times. Many other times, I hoped.

Hank murmured a little snort and began grunting and moaning and I knew I had him. I moved his cockhead over my tongue and started flicking at that sensitive area underneath while he shot several heavy spurts of creamy cum into the back of my throat. "Oh fuck, oh shit!" was all he could say. I swallowed furiously but I left a little puddle of cum on my tongue to savor. I kept rimming his asshole and stroking his prostate causing a steady stream of cum into his cock. Then I used my left hand to milk every drop of his sweet jizz down his shaft and into my waiting lips. When he was done I said, "Wow! You gave me a nice dose. I hope all your loads are like that one. I'll be well in no time. Thank you so much."

All he could say was "You're very welcome. I hope it helps you as much as it delights me." That was music to my ears. I wanted him to stay longer, but I didn't want to delay him—not this first time anyway. I got dressed and told Hank, "Feel free to use the bathroom to clean-up if you need to. I'll be out in the living room."

Hank came out a couple of minutes later, grabbed his coat, and headed for the door. "I think it went pretty well. I enjoyed it so much. I hope it helps you."

I licked my lips and smiled and told him, "I think it will be just what the doctor ordered. In fact, I think I'm feeling better already. Thank you again for helping me out. See you next Thursday?"

"Looking forward to it!" was all he said. And he did come the next Thursday, and the next. And he came, and came, and came again and again. Yum!