 I never considered myself to be gay, but I do remember a point in my latter teen years when I found that I was attracted to the male body. I don't know if it was my fascination with my own developing body or what but I was always curious. I vividly recall my first "gay" experience, which happened when I was 18. This happened with my brother who was a year older than I am. 

First of all, I must say that I used to admire his cock when we showered together. I must say he was well hung and even at that age he must have been a good eight inches. I was a bit smaller than he was and I was so envious. I wished that my dick could have been that size so I could be more attractive to girls. 

Anyway, I never thought anything of it until one night I awoke and thought I was in a dream. I had the most pleasurable feeling and as I slowly came to full consciousness I realized that I was getting my dick sucked. It felt so heavenly, but I wondered who the hell it was. "I've had my dick sucked before but it had never been like this" I thought to myself as I felt my dick slide in and out of that nice warm mouth. I was practically rock hard by the time I became fully aware of what was happening and my eyes had adjusted to the faint light that was coming in through the glass windows.

What I saw blew my mind. I could barely make out the form of my brother in the dark, but I was not about to let him know that I was aware of what was happening. I tried to lie there as still as possible and enjoy the unexpected pleasure that was afforded me. I couldn't lie still for long though as I was enjoying myself watching my brother as he lovingly licked the tip of my cock and then allowed his lips to slide down to my balls in a slow, deliberate moves. A soft moan escaped my lips and I wanted to call out his name and beg him to make me cum. 

I could feel the tension building in my groin as I watched him. He seemed to be enjoying himself as much as I was. I think he sensed that I was awake by this time so he was less careful now as he greedily sucked my balls into his mouth. I couldn't bear it any longer so I reached down and rested my hand lightly on his head guiding him closer to the crack of my ass. He realized what I wanted to so he let his tongue slide tantalizingly close to my asshole and then back up to my balls, all the while slowly giving me a hand job that just increased the sensation of lust that was building within me. 

I was so lost in the moment that I didn't realize that his head had slid down again until I felt something wet nudge my asshole which he now had access to since I had unknowingly spread my legs. It was his tongue and it felt so good as he licked my asshole while every now again sticking his tongue in as far as was possible. When he was finished there he slowly came back up to my dick which he now fully focused on. By this time he was fully on my bed as he took my now swollen cock into his mouth and started to suck like there was no tomorrow. I couldn't help but raise up a bit and reach out for that cock I had for so long admired. God, it felt even larger than I knew it to be and I just had to taste him. 

I told him I wanted to suck him too, so he came around and straddled my chest, all the while my never letting my cock slip out of his mouth. As soon as that cock was over my head I put out my tongue. The tip was already wet with his precum, and I liked the taste of it. I tentatively took the entire head in my mouth, not sure if I could take all of his eight inches down my throat. I soon got the hang of it though and we were soon fucking each other's mouths with wild abandon. God!! I was so turned on. As I ground my cock into my brother's mouth, my hips lifted off the bed. 

I could feel his body stiffen above me as he fucked my now willing mouth in earnest. I knew he was ready to come, and I felt the pressure building up in my own balls. I couldn't hold back any more and I was about to tell him that I was going to come when I sensed that his stiff cock was throbbing harder than ever and just about ready to burst. I actually started to pull my cock away, not wanting to cum in his mouth but he realized and got a firm grip on my hips and buried my cock in his throat. That was the last straw, I just started cumming like crazy. He never missed a beat and just kept on sucking while my whole body bucked beneath him. God, I never felt so much pleasure. 

Just then, he started to cum also and not to be outdone I tried to swallow every drop of his cum. I couldn't swallow as fast, but I was determined not to choke on it. Some escaped my lips but I must say I got a lot for the first time sucking cock. We sucked each other dry and when we were finished he turned around and lay down next to me. 

We kissed each other, right there in the dark savoring the taste of each others' cum mixed in our mouths and knowing that this would not be the last time. We lay this way for a while without exchanging a word, but the feeling of contentment was there. This was something we both wanted for a long time and now we had it.