 "I just don't see what the big deal is," Harrison and Hunter said in unison.

"The big deal is that you don't seem to have any girlfriends: either one of you. We want GRANDCHILDREN some day! I'd say 'settle down', but you don't even seem to take a casual interest in ANY girls!" their mother declared.

"As a matter of fact, neither of you seems to have shown any interest in any girls, ever!" their father added.

"Now, Horatio, that is a bit of an exaggeration, isn't it, honey?" Harriet tentatively replied.

"No, not, really, sweetheart, not since they 'dated' those twins in 9th grade. You remember them. What were their names? Danielle and Doreen I believe. They were sweethearts. I don't see what they had against them," Horatio stated.

"We're still here!" Harrison said.

"You don't need to talk about us as if we're not in the room!" Hunter complained.

"And there was nothing wrong with them," Harrison explained.

"We were just not interested in them," Hunter finished.

"Do you guys have ESP?" their mom teased them again with a long-standing joke.

"Of course, we're telepaths!" Hunter responded.

"We're identical twins!" Harrison joined in.

"We can finish each other's sentences!" they both said at once.

"Yeah, I still call you guys by the wrong names sometimes! I can't even tell you apart at 22! You still pretended to be each other!" Horatio exclaimed.

"Hell, they did that to me just last week! I went all day calling them by the wrong names until they finally gave up their joke!" Harriet snorted.

"Yeah, we laughed our asses off on that one!" they roared with laughter again.

"Well, I didn't find it that funny!" their mother retorted.

"We did!" the boys exclaimed.

"Now, boys, must you tease your mother that way?" their dad replied, trying to smother a chuckle.

"YES! It's fun!" they returned.

"Can we get back on the subject?" Harriet asked, with mounting frustration at their evasion.

"We're not little boys anymore, Mother!" Harrison answered.

"We'll get married when we're good and ready!" Hunter backed him.

"We're not getting anywhere arguing about this! We need to open the shop, dear," Horatio commented.

"You're right, honey. The computers won't wait. Still, I hope to see them married and raising kids sometime this century!" Harriet said with exasperation.

"Are you boys going to get dressed soon, or are you going to sit around in your boxers all day? When you start working at the shop, you will have a work schedule, you know," their dad commented.

"Nah, we figured that we would strip, then sit around and eat all of Mom's leftovers today! I believe there is still Mom's Southern fried chicken left from last night," Harrison sarcastically replied.

"Yeah, and the 6-pack of Guinness in the fridge will be perfect to start it off with!" Hunter chimed in.

"I think I've seen Jack Daniels' in the liquor cabinet for after the beer is all gone," Harrison taunted.

"Okay, that's enough, boys! I don't mind the beer, but you'd better leave me some JD! The next thing I know, you guys will be the resident winos in a nudist colony!" Horatio joked.

"Hmm... nudist colony, that's not a bad idea! We won't have worry about the latest fashions!" Hunter taunted them.

"Watch it, bro!" Harrison scowled at his brother's hidden put-down.

"Enough of that, guys! I swear there is way too much testosterone in this house! I'd better not come home and find you stone cold drunk again! The fried chicken is fine, but you had better leave my pan of lasagna alone: it's for dinner tonight," their mom warned them.

"Aw, Mom, you're taking away all of our fun! What kind of world has it become, when we can't get drunk before breakfast? The Germans do it all of the time!" they reply in unison.

"No, boys, the Germans drink with their breakfast! Besides, this is America, home of blue laws and Prohibition!" their father corrected them teasingly.

"Aw, mere technicality, with breakfast or before breakfast what's the difference!" Hunter scoffed.

"Yeah, I suggest we toss back the JD and chase it with beer! Dad can always buy more!" Harrison made it worse.

"Come on, honey. Let's go to work, before these wino sons of ours drive us nuts!" Harriet giggled at their last remark.

"But, you love us, anyway!" they retorted.

"Yeah, let's go to work! And leave my JD alone!" Horatio decided that he wasn't taking any chances.

As they watched their parents pull out of the driveway, the twins looked at each other and grinned, knowing they had evaded the subject of girls (YUCK!) yet again. They were becoming experts at it! Like the legend about some identical twins claimed, they could read minds. They could also feel each other's emotional and physical pain.

"Think maybe we should go ahead and tell Mom and Dad the truth?" Harrison asked half-seriously.

"What, that we're gay? Nah, that would spoil all of the fun we have taunting them!" Hunter shot back.

"Yeah, I know what you mean. They would accept it too easily. What's life without a little conflict with our parents?" Harrison agreed.

"They're too easy. I want them to sweat a little, before we tell them the truth and let them relax! Besides, they'll get grandkids one day! We've agreed that we'll adopt," Hunter snickered.

"OR I could try the old-fashioned way a couple of times and give us good-looking kids!" Harrison egged the jealous Hunter on.

"The hell you will! I don't want to experience sex with a woman, even if it is through our special bond," Hunter started, before realizing what Harrison was doing to him. Then he really reacted, grabbing his brother's package in a vise-like grip, "Besides, I refuse to share THIS with anyone, brother. It's my toy!"

"Alright, alright, already, just release the grip a tad, PLEASE!" Harrison, for once, begged his brother.

"Ah, I finally got you to beg me for something! That's what you get for talking about sick things like sex with a WOMAN! Gross!" Hunter snorted as he eased up his grip (though not releasing it completely). He also relaxed a bit himself, since he had suffered a bit through his physical connection to his brother. Sometimes, that kind of empathy and link between him and his twin was not so great.

"Look on the bright side, bro. At least, you haven't eaten breakfast yet. Speaking of breakfast, if you don't let go, it will be delayed for a while," Harrison remarked.

"Who said that I was hungry for breakfast? I was thinking more about taking you back to bed!" Hunter replied, releasing Harrison's dick.

Hunter took off his boxers and casually strolled back toward their bedroom, knowing that Harrison would follow him. They had refused to let their parents separate them, even to the extent of sharing a queen-size bed.

Frankly, it had surprised him how little resistance his mom and dad had shown to them sleeping together. Then again, his mother had even commented on how identical twins fared better when sharing a bed in infancy. She had decided not to risk doing harm to them, in case it still affected them as adults. She figured that she should leave it up to them (being an overprotective mother). Dad had left the nurturing part of parenthood to his wife. He had also noticed their connection and simply accepted her judgment in this case.

Harrison walked into their very neat bedroom (wondering how his parents had never figured out that they were gay) and saw his brother pulling back their sheets. Hunter was even fussier than Harrison was. He always insisted on making their bed every morning before they left the room.

"God, I don't know why you made the bed this morning. You knew we'd be back in it! You're like a walking cliché of our lifestyle! How in the world Mom and Dad have not at least guessed that you are gay is beyond me!" Harrison goaded his brother.

"ME, what about you and your obsession with style, Versace Junior, hell, I can't even wear my favorite polo shirt, because it's no longer in style according to you! I'm surprised that Mom and Dad still think you're just METRO sexual. Metro sexual, my ass you're a genuine homo. Harrison the Homo," Hunter returned.

"Hmm... Well, 'Hunter' is about to become the hunted, because speaking of your ass...," Harrison teased as he removed his own shorts, kissed him on the mouth, and grabbed his butt-cheeks to pull him closer.

They had been lovers since they had first discovered sex. They had known that they were different since grade school. It wasn't until junior high that they realized they were gay. They had never been interested in girls, outside of a purely platonic sense.

Hunter embraced his twin and deepened the kiss with some tongue. He ground his hardened cock onto his brother's, while slipping his hands down to Harrison's ass. He massaged his lover's butt-cheeks. He never could seem to get enough of his brother.

The brothers lowered each other gently onto the bed, their hands roaming each other's bodies. Harrison rolled Hunter onto his back. Hunter raised his legs up, hooking them onto Harrison's shoulders.

"Lube me up, bro. I love to see you do it," Harrison commanded.

Hunter reached for the lube on the nightstand and applied it to his brother's dick.

After Hunter had lubed his cock, Harrison looked into his eyes and eased his dick into his lover's ass. He never got enough of his brother's ass. Somehow, anal appealed to him even more than having his cock sucked. He was just glad that he and Hunter had been fucking each other long enough for them not to have problems with the increase in size to 11 inches! Otherwise, their first time together would have been very painful!

Hunter was having some difficult keeping himself from cumming already, due to the effect that his brother's massive manhood had on his prostate. He restrained himself with an amusing thought: so many women craved a cock that big, but there were two of that size that they would never get to enjoy! Some girls had even commented that it was a "waste of good meat."

They had gay friends who envied them too, come to think of it! They had never been tempted to stray, as they were obsessed with each other. Hell, they could even stare at their own reflections in the mirror for hours! There was no need to, of course, when they could stare at each other instead. They were totally identical, all the way down to the size of their bodies, not to mention their tastes in clothing and food.

"Hunter, the only thing that I love more than your cock and ass is your naughty mind! I am certain that you are milking me, you rotten scoundrel! I want to be able to last a little longer than last time! At the rate that I am going, I will have to invest in cock rings, because I am too young for Viagra! Now, quit milking me, so I can last longer!" Harrison groaned, as he tried desperately to prevent his own release.

"Nah, it is too much fun to stop! Besides, I am very close to shooting my load, and I want us to do it at the same time! Not to mention the fact that I can hear our stomachs growling, so we need to think of food too! I can still smell the bacon that Mom fried in the kitchen! I swear that you sometimes think with your cock!" Hunter shot back.

"Yeah, and you, mister, think with your stomach! Oh, God, it's not going to be much longer!" Harrison retorted.

Finally, after a tormenting wait, the brothers exploded, with Hunter's cum splattering Harrison's belly. Harrison's own juice filled Hunter's bowels.

"What a mess! I am going to have to wash up again! There is no way I am going to ruin my favorite polo shirt with your spunk! Now, let's go shower first! Then, we can eat, but you get to cook the eggs! I'm not eating cold, scrambled eggs! I will heat up the bacon in the microwave, and don't even think about putting one of your special ingredients in my eggs! If I want something extra, I will ask for cheese or onions, not vanilla or coconut!" Harrison griped.

"What? It was ONLY ONE TIME that I tried that! You wouldn't have known about the vanilla, if I hadn't have said anything! However, I admit, the coconut was a mistake! YUCK, what was going through my brain?" Hunter remarked.

"You were in a tropical, Hawaiian phase, if I recall. Everything had to come from MAUI, it seemed! Hell, you even wanted pineapples on pizza!" Harrison teased him.

"There is nothing wrong with pineapples and Canadian bacon! If you gave it a fair shot, you would like it too! Now, how you can eat coleslaw on hot dogs is beyond me! Everyone knows that you are to suppose to put CHILI and CHEESE on your wieners, not chili, and coleslaw!" Hunter returned the insult.

"I don't know. I just know what I like and dislike! Now, let's hurry and take a shower, damn it! I want to eat, thanks to you and all this talk of food!" his brother urged him.

Since it was a hot summer day, the twins decided to leave the bathroom door open and let some cool air in while they showered.

Hunter had just finished rinsing the soap off him, when he felt his brother's mouth on his dick. Harrison couldn't resist the temptation to seize the opportunity to give his twin a blowjob. He enjoyed the pleasure that he took from their physical connection. Hunter moaned and grabbed a hold of Harrison's head, to guide him into a comfortable rhythm. He was still surprised that they were able to take all of each other's members at once, without any gag reflex. They eliminated through practice (plenty of practice) long ago.

"Damn, Harrison, I nearly slipped and fell when you started that! Next time, give me a heads up, please!" Hunter commented.

"I DID! Your head is UP, isn't it?" Harrison replied, before returning to his brother's mammoth manhood.

Unbeknownst to the twins, their father had come back for some hardware that he needed to fix a client's computer at the shop. He had walked into the house, without making much noise, and walked down the hallway. The high plush carpet had disguised the noise of his footsteps. The house was too quiet, so he wondered where the hoodlums were. Then, he heard the shower running, and saw steam coming from the bathroom. He figured that one of the twins was showering, and wondered why his son had left the door open. For that matter, where was the other one? He heard no TV or radio running.

As he got to the bathroom, Horatio stopped dead in his tracks when he heard Harrison's last comment. He looked into the bathroom and saw his twins in the shower, with Harrison on his knees, sucking what looked to be the goddamned BIGGEST cock he had seen in a long time! The damn thing was even bigger than his 9 1/2 inches! He was shocked into silence for a few minutes, as he watched what was happening in front of him! That solved the riddle of where the other son was! That also explained a lot of questions that he had dismissed.

Hunter was cumming when that he heard his father declare with surprise, "So this is why you guys don't have any girlfriends!"

Harrison looked up at Hunter with some embarrassment and told him, "Well, bro, I guess the gig is up now. On the bright side, we don't have to evade Mom's girlfriend questions anymore! Now, how about giving me my blowjob!" as he swallowed his brother's cum.

"Will you two PLEASE come out here, so we can talk like MEN? And there will be no evasion of these questions, boys," their dad exclaimed with some impatience.

"Sure, Dad, but, can I get off first, please?" Harrison answered half-begged, since he was frustrated with only feeling his twin's orgasm, not his own. He also knew that Hunter was feeling some of his agony.

"NO, damn it! That can wait until after we have a long overdue 'chat'!" Horatio replied with some amusement, unaware of their full twin connection.

Both boys, laughing, stepped out of the shower.

"You wanted to talk, Dad? Where's Mom, and why are you back so soon?" they played coy.

"YES, I wanted to talk! Your mom is at the shop, installing software on some computers. Besides, I am back to get some memory chips that I forgot to grab this morning! Now, will you two please follow me to kitchen, so we can sit and talk like men?" Dad replied with evident exasperation.

"Sure, Dad," Harrison replied.

Then, Hunter added, "Certainly, and I will scramble some eggs while we talk! Harrison, you still need to heat that bacon back up!"

"Fine, as long as we can all talk! God, you guys think with stomachs half of the time!" Horatio threw up his hands.

"Yeah, the other half, he is thinking with his DICK!" Harrison snorted.

"Not as much as you do! You're the one who gave me the BJ! If you hadn't, Dad wouldn't have found out so soon!" Hunter declared.

"You enjoyed every minute of it!" Harrison exclaimed.

"So did you!" Hunter pointed out.

"Yeah, but I didn't get to feel my own," Harrison objected.

"Boys, that's beside the point! I should have known long before now! Could you guys have at least closed the fucking bathroom door?" Dad interjected.

"But no one was home! Besides, it was too hot in there to close the bathroom door!" Hunter explained.

"It's a good thing you didn't come back about 20 minutes sooner! You would have really been stunned!" Harrison pointed out.

"Now, that is really TMI! Just how long has this been going on?" their dad finally posed the question he wanted answered.

"How long has WHAT been going on?" they asked in unison.

"Alright, boys, that is enough! Just tell me the truth!" Horatio said with mounting exasperation.

"Well, we knew we were different since grade school," Hunter finally told him, as he had mercy on his bewildered father, as he scrambled and cooked fresh eggs.

Harrison picked up from there, saying, "In junior high, we figured out that we were gay and started experimenting," as he cooked his bacon in the microwave.

Hunter finished, "In high school, we completed the transaction. We only dated those other twins to keep you and Mom off our backs, while we tried to figure out what was going on with us."

"Yeah, since then, we have just had too much fun evading Mom's questions to tell both of you," Harrison observed.

"What about my GRANDCHILDREN, which you promised us?" Dad complained.

"Damn Dad, is that all you and Mom EVER think about? Grandchildren?" both boys exclaimed.

"Yeah, he just found out that his sons are gay lovers, and he is more worried about GRANDCHILDREN!" Hunter replied, while popping bread into the toaster.

"Go figure. Mom will probably say the same thing," Harrison laughed.

"Well, what about them?" Dad implored.

"We're going to ADOPT, Dad! You will have your GRANDCHILDREN! They will just have 2 dads, instead of a dad and a mom, although I think that Hunter would make a great Mr. Mom!" Harrison declared with some wicked humor, as he put the bacon on their plates.

"ME a 'Mr. Mom', you are the one who keeps up with girly things like the newest FASHION!" Hunter retaliated, while adding the scrambled eggs to the plates beside the bacon.

"You're the one who can't stand a dirty room!" Harrison commented while adding Potatoes O'Brien that their mom had made earlier, along with the buttered toast.

"Okay, so my grandkids will have 2 MOMS, instead!" Dad remarked, teasing them about their girlish interests.

"DAD!" both boys exclaimed, as they grabbed their plates and walked to the table, still butt-naked. Dad had not given them a chance to dress, and they didn't feel like bothering.

"What? If you boys can tease each other about being 'girly', I can tease you, too!" he laughed, "So, is this why you boys refused to be separated all of your lives? I guess the warning signs have been there all along! You NEVER wanted to join me on hunting trips! I suppose that your mom and I shouldn't have named one of you Hunter!"

"Speaking of Mom, how will she react?" they both asked.

"You mean besides from having a MASSIVE coronary and complaining about no grandkids? If you guys joke about it like you did with me, she will probably take it pretty well in time. That is not counting a little frustration at trying to get a STRAIGHT answer from the two of you hoodlums! Forgive the question, but you guys do use condoms, right?" Dad poked fun at them.
