 Having spent an evening with Jaxon, one of the local Mandingo club members, I had become totally accepting that from now on, nothing but large black cocks and good black gentlemen would be able to satisfy me. Having been introduced to the chapter, and being accepted, I had been made "theirs", and they had marked me with a tattoo so that I would be known as "Mandingo meat" from now on. This was okay with me, because I had been able to find what I had sought for so many years.

Before being made "theirs", I had met one super black guy who had a thick cock, and loved to make it with me as I played my "femme" role. He would neck with me, kissing, feeling, touching, while others had only been interested in putting a lot of cock into me. I loved their cocks, but in Julius, I had both, size and the affection that I wanted at times. It had been nearly two weeks since I had seen him, and while I had been fucked silly in the interim, I missed making love with him, and had been wanting him for days.

He had called me and made a date for Saturday, and I was waiting for his phone call. When he did call, around noon, I was elated, and asked what time he would be at my place.

He replied: "I can come over this afternoon, to spend the evening with you."

I said: "Baby, that would be great. I will be ready for you. Will you call when you get headed my way? I have so much to tell you. I miss having you making love to me, Julius."

I spent the early afternoon cleaning up and cleaning out, shaving, and then dressed. I put on a new pair of bikini brief panties, knowing that Julius liked seeing me in panties under some shorts, and straightened my house up. Noticing that I was low on weed, I ran by a friend's place and picked up an ounce, and got home just as Julius called to say that he was on the way, and would be here before four PM.

When he got to my place, I had cleaned the weed, filled the bowl, and had taken one toke. As I let him in, he pulled me to him for a kiss. As our lips met, he put a hand on each ass cheek and pulled me close to him. I could feel his beautiful cock, and pressed hard against it with my arms around his chest, holding myself tight to him.

Julius broke the kiss to say: "Baby, you are looking good. I like your silver hair, and those green eyes. So sexy."

I said: "Thank you, baby, you look good yourself today. That shirt looks custom tailored to you. It fits well, and does you well. I missed you so much. Let's sit down and talk. What can I get you to drink?"

As we walked to the sofa, he asked for an O'Doul's, knowing that I kept them in the fridge, and took the bowl from me. I got us each a beer, and joined him on the sofa.

As I sat down, he put a hand on my bare thigh and asked: "What have you been up to lately? Have you had enough fucking?"

I replied: "Baby, I have had an unbelievable amount of fucking, but not the lovemaking that I get from you. I really missed that. Do you know that Marcus belongs to a club? A black men's club?"

He answered, smiling: "Do you mean the Mandingos? I belong to it too. He told me that the chapter had you to a party and that you liked what you got, and gave them all a good time. What did you think of Jaxson's cock? Did it do what you needed done? It is pretty big. Were you able to take it?"

I leaned into him and said: "Baby, I am so glad that you are a member because they want me as theirs and I can't be fucking others. Julius, they put a tattoo on me, marking me. I didn't mind it, but I worried that I might not be able to have you in me."

He said: "Yes, you are now Mandingo meat, and you belong to us. We found you through Henri, and while he isn't Mandingo, we will let you keep seeing him and Althea. But don't be fucking anyone else. We will keep you satisfied. I was out of town when Deshawn called for the party at Marcus' place, but I was told about it. Are you cleaned out, baby?"

I sighed: "Yes baby, I am cleaned out. Knowing that you would be here, I hoped that we could make love, and that I would have you inside me again.

As we talked, I was caressing his cock through his slacks, and now began to undo his belt, and open his slacks. As I did, he had his hand in the leg of my shorts, with a finger against my ass, pressing my panties to my hole. We were ready for each other.

I said: "Baby, take me to bed. I want to feel you close to me. I want to put my arms and legs around your body. I need you so much. Take me, baby, please."

We went into the bedroom, leaving our clothes along the way. I had brought the bowl and the lighter, and as we sat, we each had another toke and then I set it on the night stand and pulled the lube to the bed. Julius pushed me to my back and laid beside me, with one leg over one of mine, and began to kiss me. We had stripped to our underwear, and he cupped my cock and balls through my panties as he sucked my tongue into his mouth.

Sucking my tongue and kissing me, he lifted off my face and said: "Let's get naked and take care of the strain that we are feeling."

We slid our underwear off, and as I laid back, he laid his head on my thigh and pulled my onto my side, sliding his crotch close to my face. I reached for his cock and pulled myself toward it. As I put his cockhead into my mouth, I felt him sucking on mine. I loved the very different shape of his long cock, being much fatter near the head than at the base.

We worked on each other, slowly, deliberately, and feeling each other as we sucked. Julius had a finger at my hole, not pressing to get inside, but just caressing the opening. It felt so good. I cupped his balls, and was rolling them, pushing them around in their sack as I worked his cock deeper into my throat.

We were both really horny, and it didn't take long for us to get really worked up. I was fucking my cock into his mouth and he was pulling my head onto his. I knew that we were close to cumming, and then I felt him tense up. I pulled my mouth away from his shaft, keeping his cock head in my mouth as I jacked his cock, making him shoot his seed into my mouth. This made me lose it, and I began cumming too. We milked each other clean, then licked our cocks as we got ourselves together.

Julius turned himself around and I spread my legs, raising my knees, and he laid between them on my belly and chest and kissed me again. I put my legs over his thighs and pulled him close to me, feeling his cock and mine laying on my pelvis. I loved the muscles in his legs and upper arms, and the feel of laying under this man. He brought out even more femme feelings than I naturally felt.

I moaned: "Make love to me baby. I need you so. Please fill my pussy with your beautiful black snake. I want to feel you in me. Please?"

Raising up, he picked up the Astrolube, and dripped some onto his cock and as he spread it around his cock, he wiped his hand on my hole, wetting it to, and making it ready. Leaning forward, he put the cock head at my opening, and began to press into me. I took him well, and was able to push up to him, taking him deeper.

Inside me, he had his hands under my shoulders, and held me in place as he slowly, strongly, pushed his cock to the bottom, and then pulled back. Giving me several slow strokes, my pussy adjusted to him, and we were as one. I had my lover deep in me again. 

I moaned: "Oh my god, baby, I missed this so much. I love having you in me, on me, taking me to where I need to be. Kiss me baby, and stroke my pussy while I take your loving. I love this and I am going to have another orgasm. Ohhhh Gawd, Julius, I love this. Take meeeee."

I was cumming from deep inside, and Julius pushed into me and began to swivel his hips, putting his cock against every nerve that I had in my manpussy. I was raising myself off the bed, pushing up to his cock as I felt my orgasm all through my body. I began shaking, sweating, and then I just let go and sank into the mattress, feeling like I could live with his cock in me all the time.

Feeling me go through the orgasm, Julius began to push his cock to me harder, pulling back farther, giving me his longest stroke. When he pushed in, I slammed myself up, taking him hard. He knew how to give me the fucking I wanted, and I did my best to make it even better. I needed him to fuck me like this. We had been doing some gentle lovemaking, but now he was taking it to a new level.

I wailed: "Oh my god, baby, yes. I need this. Fuck me. Take me, I am yours. I missed this so much. Take it from me, make me cum. I love this. I love you, Julius, kill me with this."

I was in heaven, back under the best lover I had ever been in bed with, and he was fucking me with his whole body. His chest pinned mine while he hammered his thick cock into my pussy. I loved this black god as much as I loved anything. I would trade off all the Mandingo Cock in the world for this man.

As he fucked me, I remembered being under Jaxon, getting pounded into the mattress. I loved that long cock of his, but Julius knew how to make love to me. I would always have time for him to take me to bed.

Dropping his lips to mine, Julius pushed his tongue into my mouth and stroked it in and out as he did the same with his cock in my ass pussy. This was lovemaking that I could enjoy, getting the hard fucking that I loved as well as the affection that I craved.

Julius was showing me the moves that I should make when fucking a woman, showing me what felt best inside. Before being under him, and the others, I could only guess what "she" really wanted. I was also feeling what the women felt as they had their black lover on them, in them, pounding their pussies, and giving them the pleasures that I had seen them enjoy.

There is a very big difference in lovemaking and simply fucking. Even if the fucking is strong, and done very well, it doesn't compare to lovemaking, and the intimacy that goes with it. What I was getting from Julius was lovemaking in its strongest form, being taken, and loving what I was giving up as well as what I was getting.

Julius said: "Baby, you are taking this cock good. Give that ass up to me. I am feeling good with this."

He was stroking me deep, smiling at me as he talked, making me feel so good. I loved pleasing him and asked him: "Baby, you give me so much pleasure. What can I give you to make it better? I want you to feel as good as you make me feel."

Dropping to the bottom of my hole and stopping, he said: "Just feeling you move, feeling you enjoying what I am putting into you makes it better for me." I like stuffing this into a woman's pussy, but most of them just lay there and take it. The only way I know that I am doing them any good is when they moan or scream as they come. When I fuck you, I can feel the tightness, and feel you moving when you feel good. And baby, when you cum, your moves are so strong that my cock gets squeezed. You are a good fuck, and a good love maker."

I said, quietly: "Baby, you make me move like that. I love what you give me, and I don't know if I could just lay there and take it without moving. You and your Mandingo brothers give me the best sex that I could have. I am so glad that my ass pussy can take all you have to give. I feel so good with you inside, opening me up, going deeper than I could imagine. I love your kisses and affection, and I love feeling your chest on mine, your belly on mine, and I really love your ass, for pushing this beautiful Black Snake into me."

As we talked, I began moving my ass under him, spreading my legs wider, and pushing my hole up to take him even deeper into me. He felt it, and pushed harder, and then, with his arms under my knees, he bent my legs back, against my shoulders.

Julius looked at me and smiled, saying: "Baby, are you ready to get another one? Let's get one working. Move that pussy, while I pound on it."

He pulled back, and began the longest stroke he could make, slamming to the bottom, slapping his nutsack to my behind as he hit, and hitting something deep in me that made me moan with the pleasure I was feeling. I began to shake, feeling an orgasm, and he tensed up, pushed deep in me and let me have his seed, spurt after spurt.

As we rode our orgasms, I pulled his body down to mine, wrapping my arms and legs around him. I felt so satisfied, and wanted my lover's body to hold me to the bed.

I moved my hands to his head, pulling his lips to mine, and saying: "Honey, you have made me yours. You are all the lover that I would ever need. I am Mandingo Meat, and will fuck them, and love it, but you are my lover. You satisfy me so good."

He said: "I want to take you out tonight. I want to take you to Dothan, to a club that I go to once in awhile, and show you off. Will you go up there with me, baby?"

I replied: "Is this a bar type of club? I don't want to go to a private place and be fucked by a bunch of guys tonight. I want to be with you."

He laughed, and said: "Baby, this is not a clubhouse. We will do that at a Mandingo party, but tonight I want to take you to a club that is mostly gay guys, some black, most of them are white, so I can show them that I have the best. We will eat on the way up, spend a few hours there, and come back here and spend the night."

I agreed to go with him, and we showered together, (of course I washed him well), and as he washed me, he dropped down to take a close look at my Mandingo tattoo. He kissed it, slapped it, and said that it looked good on me. We dried each other, and then dressed. 

It felt good, going out on an actual date, and wanting to be his best, I asked: "Julius, baby, do you need me to be "femme" when we are there? Will we neck with each other?"

He said: "When we get there, just play it by ear. Let them see that you are my date, and be as girly as you feel. Of course we will neck some. We are going there as a couple. Since we don't drink, we will be more aware of things, and won't have a problem driving home. They have Buckler's Non-Alcohol beer. I like it."

I replied: "I like Buckler's too. My favorite Italian Restaurant serves that."

Driving up, we stopped at a BBQ place that his friend managed, and had a great dinner. His friend stopped by the table to talk for a few minutes. Julius introduced us, making me blush when he said: "Ricky, this is my squeeze. Best I have had in 15 years. His pussy is made for fucking."

Ricky said: "Not bad looking either. I love that long hair. Have the brothers met him?"

Julius smiled and said: "They've met him, and made him ours. Eddie now carries the Mandingo mark, but he is tight with me."

Ricky took my hand and kissed the back of my fingers, and said: "I hope that you know how good you have it. If you and guys come to one of our parties, we will make you welcome. We are the Wiregrass Mandingos, and Julius knows where we party. Y'all have a good night, and stop in again."

Finishing our meal, we got back on the road and headed into town. As Julius drove, I had a hand on his thigh, and was scratching his cock through his trousers, with my fingernails.

He said: "Do you want me to walk into the club with a hard on, baby?"

I said: "How else will they know how lucky I am to be with you? I want them to see what I can do to you."

Smiling, he said: "Well we are here now. Inside, there will be guys hitting on you. Just don't give them any ideas. You are my date, and I will call the shots."

Once inside, we found a table near a side wall, where we would be able to watch the crowd. As we walked to the table, Julius had my hand in his, then pulled me closer and had his arm around my waist. We took chairs at the back of the table, and the waiter came over to take our order.

Julius ordered for us, saying: "We will have two Buckler's, please. She wants a glass but I don't need one."

It wasn't long after our beers arrived that the first guy stopped by the table, speaking to Julius. He said: "Hey there, my man. How have you been?"

He was a white guy, but trying to talk like a street black, seeming quite phony to me. I was totally unimpressed and it looked like Julius was too.

Julius politely responded to him, but didn't encourage any further talk. All the time he was by our table the guy was looking me over, and even winked at me.

When he finally walked away, Julius said: "That motherfucker thinks he knows how to impress me, always talking trash around me, wanting to get next to me and who I have with me. I saw him wink at you. In a few minutes, if I am in the mens room, he will come over and ask you to dance or just talk. Blow him off any way that you want to, he don't mean shit to me, and needs to be put in his place."

When we had nearly finished our beers, Julius got up to order more and headed for the men's room. Sure enough, the dope headed straight for me. When he got to the table, he smiled and asked if I wanted to dance with him.

I replied: "If I want to dance, I will dance with Julius. Why would I want to dance with you?"

He said: "I am a good dancer, and if we dance, then maybe we can go outside and smoke a joint. I have the best weed around. You should try it."

I laughed out loud and said" "Best weed around? Really? Did someone tell you that or did you just make it up? When I want weed I can smoke my own, or smoke with Julius and our friends. We have what we like, and haven't heard any complaints about our good Jamaican Ganja. I'm good."

I saw him shrink a little, and he had to say something, saying: "Whatever, but you are missing out."

Julius got back to the table as the dork was turning to leave, so I said: "Baby, he says that he has the best weed around and that I should go outside and smoke one with him. I told him that you are my smoking partner."

That made Julius laugh, and the guy walked away, beaten. As Julius sat down, I said: "Baby, the door to the men's room hadn't closed before he was headed my way. He is a real loser."

Julius kissed me lightly and said: "But he does have good taste, hitting on you. Do you want to try him out? I am sure that he thinks that he is the world's greatest lover."

I slapped him on the chest and said: "No asshole. I don't want to try him out for anything. If I had come in here alone, without having you in my life, I still wouldn't have let him hit on me. You are so funny, but you are still an asshole, baby. H'mmmff, try him out. That is almost funny. Now kiss me while that black dude over at the bar is staring at us."

Julius glanced over at the bar then pulled my face to his and kissed me hard. 

After the kiss, I laid my head on his shoulder and whispered in his ear: "Baby, this is my first date as a girl, and I am loving it. I am so proud to be on your arm, and glad that we are being noticed. If they only knew what I will be giving you when we get home and in bed, they would cum in their pants."

The DJ played a Procol Harem song and most of the patrons danced. Julius moved his chair around, a little closer to mine and pulled me to his chest with his arm around me as we watched the people. I put my hand on his crotch, and could feel that his cock was quite firm, not fully hard, but nice to the touch. Damn, I loved this. 

Seeing the black guy at the bar was still watching us, I pulled Julius' hand to my mouth and sucked a finger into it, looking at the guy while I sucked it.

Julius hooked his finger, and pulled at the corner of my mouth, showing that he had me as his, and I thought I saw the guy rub his crotch. Julius used his other hand to feel me up, pinching a nipple through my shirt, then unbuttoning the top buttons and putting his hand inside, cupping my breast as he pinched my nipple.

I sucked harder on his finger, and we necked like that until the song ended.

Breaking our hold, I said: "Julius, that was better than a dance, baby. You were making me feel really good. I am going to love getting home and back in bed."
