 The harsh Texas sun beat down on a sweating Jake, relentless and hot. DAMN was it a scorcher. His hazel eyes surveyed the hole in the fence. It would take about another hour to repair. Even with the beat-up cowboy hat on his head, it felt like his brain was being scrambled like eggs. Why he took this ranch job was beyond him, but he needed the money and jobs were hard to come by in these parts. A few yards away, a herd of cattle stood staring at him. Stupid cows. They didn't even realize they could bolt right past him. Maybe they were fried too.

Jake's whole body was soaking wet. Underneath his Stetson, his close-cropped brown hair was plastered down to his skull. Hell, all his clothes were plastered down on his wiry frame. All he could think about was getting back to the bunkhouse, peeling off his duds, and taking a nice cold shower. Hopefully that bastard Tex wouldn't be there. The foreman was a thorn in Jake's side. He was always staring at him with eyes so dark they were almost black. Tex fit the stereotype of a cowpoke well. His burly body was like steel from countless hours of ranch work, while his skin was a permanent walnut brown from time spent under the Texas sun. He had a thick mustache that reminded Jake of a walrus. Heck, Tex's whole body was probably furry if the patch of hair sprouting from his plaid shirts was any indication. The Marlboro Man had nothing on Tex.

Jake finished the repairs and slowly stretched his tired body. Time to call it a day. He strode over to his horse, Shadow, who had been grazing while Jake was working. Lucky horse.

"Come on boy, let's go home."

Jake swung up on Shadow's back and headed for the bunkhouse. When he arrived, he led Shadow to the barn, took off his saddle, made sure he had plenty of oats and water, then rubbed him down. When he was finished, it was time to take care of Jake.

He entered the bunkhouse, which was mercifully empty. Stripping off his clothes, he wrinkled his nose as the scent of sweat, horse and dirt assaulted his nostrils. Yup, he was pretty ripe. He padded into the bathroom and turned on the water. It would feel so good to just stand there and let the water wash away the smell and stress.

As he entered the shower and started to soap up his body, his hand strayed to his semi-erect cock. As he lathered it up, Jake started to slowly pump the shaft up and down. Busting a nut would be the ultimate way to unwind after a long day. As Jake increased the tempo, his cock became fully alive. He leaned against the wall and closed his eyes. A soft moan escaped his lips as he masturbated.

"Well looky here," a deep voice growled. "Seems we got ourselves a dirty boy."

Jake's eyes flew open and he grabbed for the towel next to the shower. Throwing it around his lower half, he scowled at the man standing before him.

"Shit Tex," snapped Jake. "What the hell you doing...sneaking up on me like that. Can't a man get any damn peace?"

"Seems to me you want a piece of something," Tex drawled. "The way you was jerkin' on that skinny thing between your legs makes me think you might be a touch on the randy side."

"Screw you Tex! And get the hell out so I can finish my shower."

"Maybe I should join you...help you take care of that little problem you got going."

Tex's lewd remarks were really starting to piss Jake off.

"I took you for an asshole," said Jake, "But I never took you for a sissy."

"Watch your mouth BOY," snarled Tex. "Or..."

"Or what BOY," Jake interrupted. "You'll make me muck out stalls? Brand the cattle? You already give me the crappiest jobs on the ranch. I'm tired of being treated like shit just because I haven't been here for a hundred years. So if you're through acting all tough and macho you can turn around and leave me be!"

The air was thick with tension as the two men stared each other down. Neither wanted to back off or show any sign of weakness. 

"Maybe I don't want to leave you be," Tex finally admitted. "And deep down, I don't think you want me too either. For all YOUR macho talk, I think you want the same thing I do."

As he spoke, Tex started to slowly walk toward Jake. When they were just inches apart, Tex reached out a hand and whipped the towel away from Jake.

Jake's hard-on had not subsided. Instead, his erection proudly stood out from a nest of thick pubic hair. Tentatively, Tex reached out and took Jake in his hand. He began to gently slide his hand up and down Jake's swollen shaft. Jake sucked in his breath at the sensation of another man touching him.

"What do you say BOY," whispered Tex. "Are you wanting what I have to offer?"

Jake quietly stood there as Tex continued to play with him. He closed his eyes, then softly said, "Yes, I want what you have to offer."

Jake felt Tex's hand slip away and opened his eyes. Tex stood before him and began to undress. As he shed his clothes, Jake almost laughed at loud. He was right, Tex WAS covered with a wooly pelt of hair. Jake reached out and ran his hands over Tex's furry chest, then began plucking at his nipples.

"I want to play too," said Tex.

Both men started to fondle each other, rubbing each other's bodies to familiarize themselves, then pinching each other's nips. Leaning in, Tex lightly brushed his lips against Jake's.

At the touch, Jake opened his mouth and sucked Tex's tongue deep inside. As their tongues danced and mated, their hands became more insistent on each other. Tex broke the kiss, took Jake by the hand, and led him from the shower towards the bunks. Pushing Jake down on one of the beds, Tex knelt and took Jake into his mouth. He suckled gently, then ran his tongue over the tip of Jake's cock. Licking down the veiny shaft, he settled between Jake's legs and lapped at his meaty balls.

"Yeah, lick my nuts," Jake sighed.

Tex worked his tongue over Jake's sack, then sucked each testicle into his mouth. His mustache tickled and Jake squirmed.

"Like that?" Tex asked. "You like me sucking these big ole balls?"

"Yes I like you sucking my balls...and my cock...why don't you suck my asshole too?"

"Don't mind if I do," stated Tex.

Tex threw Jakes legs over his shoulder, spreading them and exposing Jake's pink rosebud.

"You're in for a treat boy," said Tex. "I can eat some serious ass!"

"Then shut up and get to chowing," laughed Jake.

Tex resumed his position between Jake's legs. At the first touch of Tex's tongue against his opening Jake bucked like a wild horse, but Tex held firm. Tex licked and teased Jake's ass, then pulled his hole apart with his fingers and jammed his tongue deep inside. At the feel of being orally invaded, Jake began to thrash his head from side to side and moan deep in his throat.

"How does that feel BOY?" Tex rasped.

"Oh GOD," whimpered Jake. " It feels....oh GOD!"

"Yeah, you'll be praying all right. Praying for me to fuck you," Tex growled.

Jake's mind was spinning. Here he was, wide open like a common whore, letting a man who he wanted to punch in the head suck his ass, and God help him he DID want Tex to fuck him.

"Shove your dick in me," Jake demanded. "Plow this tight ass."

"Yeah? You want me to plow that ass with this fat dick? You want me to make you my bitch? Then roll over and get on your knees BITCH! I'm gonna ride your ass and ride it GOOD!"

Jake flipped over and rose up on all fours. As the bulbous tip of Tex's cock pressed against his ass, Jake let out a whimper. Slowly Tex wormed his way into Jake. Tex slipped passed Jake's tight sphincter muscle with a "pop." Jake hadn't even realized he had been holding his breath until Tex was fully embedded inside him.

"Now you're ready for the ride," promised Tex.

With that, he aggressively began to piston in and out. With each thrust Jake could only grunt his approval. The strokes were lightning fast - deep and hard. Tex grabbed Jake's hips and ground against them, making Jake whimper anew and push back to get even closer.

"Time for you to act like a true cowboy," said Tex. "Climb on this bronco and show me what you can do."

Tex laid down and Jake hovered over him. With his back to Tex, he impaled himself on Tex's whopper and began to slam himself onto his beefy stallion. 

"That's...THAT'S IT! RIDE THAT COCK...ride that cock....." Tex's voice trailed off as the ferocity of Jake's anal assault rose to a fever pitch. The sounds of air expelling from lungs and flesh slapping against flesh filled the room. Jake lay back against Tex's stomach. Tex kissed the side of Jake's neck and pulled his nipples.

"I'm gonna blow soon. That tight little backside of yours is driving me wild."

"I'm gonna cum too," Jake confessed.

Jake slid off and laid on the bunk next to Tex. Both men grabbed their erections and jacked for all they were worth. With a massive groan, Tex shot gob after gob onto his hairy chest. Jake then let loose his own load, spilling himself onto his lower belly. 

Simultaneously, Jake and Tex reached over and rubbed the sticky mess into each other.

"Looks like you need another shower BOY," Tex laughed.

"As long as you promise not to sneak up on me anymore. I'd rather you just join me form now on." 

With that, they headed back to the bathroom and moans once again filled the bunkhouse.