 I'm sitting on the couch in my cousin's beach house. It's the end of the football season and while no one else was keen for a team trip to the beach, my mate Jack had decided that shouldn't stop the two of us from getting a bit of sun. We'd arrived the night before and after a couple of beers we'd retired to our separate rooms to sleep after a full day's travel. 

We'd taken it pretty easy this morning, eating a breakfast of last night's cold pizza and laying around the house. But half an hour ago, Jack had stood up suddenly, proclaiming that he didn't come on this trip to watch shitty weekend TV and walked off to the bathroom to prepare for a day at the beach. 

While he was in the bathroom my mind had wandered onto the visions the beach would allow me. It was stinking hot outside, bright sun shining down. That was sure to bring a few hotties down to the beach. I was thankful for the resurgence in popularity of the budgy smuggler, speedo style swimwear and I'd heard there was another local football team who'd trekked down to this particular stretch of coast for the week. 

My mind wandered further to my buddy. We'd been friends for years. A complete stud, the epitome of football player god. Big muscular body, long tanned legs, a wicked smile and sparkling eyes. Not to mention a decent piece hanging between his legs that I might've noticed out of the corner of my eye in a post-game shower or two.

As my mind drifted I barely noticed the door opening and Jack's footsteps coming into the lounge room.

"So are we going swimming or not?" Jack asked as he came into the room, wearing only a pair of novelty snorkelling goggles and holding an inflatable pool ducky.

I was used to Jack's brazen nature but I certainly didn't expect to be presented with this in only our first day of the trip. Sure we'd showered together over the last three years of playing football together but never had Jack put his cock on display so fully and willingly. My first reaction was a combination of awe and admiration. 

Realising I was probably staring I snapped myself out of it and reverted to the reaction I assumed Jack was after. I laughed and threw my empty beer can at my buddy, who still held his pose in the doorway.

"What's so funny?" Jack asked, acting innocent. "Did I forget something?"

"Um, yeh just a couple things," did his dick seem thicker than usual? I nodded towards his package. "Won't that slow you down in the water?"

"Nah man," Jack laughed his response. "You should've seen how hard I was before, that would make some drag."

I stood up from the couch, barely concealing the throb in my pants that now demanded some attention, "Get a fair sized anchor in there did you?"

"Mate, so big," he gave his undercarriage a manly scratch. "But you wanted to go so I'll save it for later."

"Well, we don't need to go right now," I took a brave step forward. I was about to make a gamble that could cost me my longest friendship. I adjusted my package, a clue to Jack that I also had something that needed dealing with, but a move easily disguised if it didn't garner the response I wanted.

"You want the bathroom to take care of that?" if Jack's penis wasn't inflated before, it sure was heading that way now.

"I don't need to be locked in the bathroom," I quickly removed my shirt. "We both need it. Why don't you just bring the anchor in here?"

Jack dropped the equipment and looked me right in the eyes, "It's about time."

He grabbed my shoulders and pushed me towards the couch behind me.

I fell onto the soft couch cushions and was immediately greeted with a full view of my best mate's growing erection. I'd heard rumours of his size, and obviously had seen how big he was soft in our team showers but my heart was racing at the thought of finally seeing him at his full potential.

Jack looked down at me smiling. That damn smile, no wonder he got all the girls. He didn't need the reputation of a monster cock, just flash that smile and the room would be his. Jack winked knowingly down at me. 

"You knew didn't you?" I asked, my eyes locked onto his as my hand reached out and cupped his large, smooth balls. 

"Dude, your eyes wander bad," that damn smile again.

"Shit," my eyes wandered down his toned body to his now fully erect cock. "I guess Alex knows too then."

"Actually, he pointed it out to me," Jack sighed as I wrapped my fingers around his full 9 inches. "He really wanted to come on this trip too."

"Next time," I smiled up at Jack before edging my lips closer to his now leaking mushroom head. Seeing the anticipation in a man's eyes as I make my move has always been a turn on for me and the strain in my jeans was indicating that this time was no different. My eyes slowly drew down his body, taking in, for the first time with such closeness, every inch of his masculine, manicured musculature, eventually falling on his throbbing cock, just an inch from my wet lips. 

I felt a hand lightly brush through my hair but quickly realised that the move wasn't any form of intimacy. Jack was merely making his way to the back of my head where he gently but insistently encouraged my mouth towards his engorged, demanding erection. 

"Fuck," I muttered under my breath as I moved forward feeling his swollen head pass my lips. I'd been imagining this for 3 years now, since I first saw my childhood friend all grown up in the football team's showers. 

Jack and I moaned deeply in unison. I quickly moved my way down the length of his cock feeling his head push against the back of my throat.

"Holy shit," Jack sounded impressed. "You're a pro."

I looked up at him mouth full of buddy cock, impressed with myself that I'd managed to deepthroat easily the biggest dick I'd ever had. Jack moans as I take his cock deep again and I know I won't have to throat it long before I get the reward I've been hoping for, been jerking off over, for years. 

I pick up the pace on my buddy's cock, reaching down and fishing my own out of my pants, the release resulting in a moan from my mouth, the echo of which I feel travel through Jack until he moans in agreement. 

I jerk my cock hard, realising how close my buddy's cock has gotten me to a much-needed release. I suck Jack's dick hard and fast, my spare hand grabbing his balls and tugging gently on them, remembering he told me that is what sends him over the edge. 

"Fuck you're good mate," he says between heavy breaths. "I think I'm gonna... uh! Uh!"

I don't let him finish the sentence, I bury his cock in my throat and squeeze his balls tight, urging the cum out of them. 

I feel the first blast of cum slide all the way down my open throat as Jack gasps and grunts. I resume taking his cock in and out of my mouth, using my lips and tongue to cover as much as I can while the rest of his immense load drains into my eager, experienced mouth. 

Jack shudders and I feel him go weak at the knees. My arms reach up, grabbing his ass to support him and keep that solid cock spewing into me. 

Once I've swallowed the load I let his perfect ass cheeks out of my hand and sit back, leaving his cock wilting and dripping with my saliva. I move back onto the couch and grip my own cock hard, desperate to release. 

Jack sits down opposite me, clearly spent, his cock draping down between his legs. A single drop of missed cum drips from his deflating head and onto his strong thighs. 

"Fuck, you gonna blow just from that?" he asks enthusiastically.

I arch my back and stretch my legs, stroking my cock hard and fast. I look over at him, his eyes glued to my furious stroking. He licks his lips and that sends me over the edge. 

With a deep grunt and a loud moan the first shot of cum fires from my cock sailing past my head onto the arm of the couch I'm laying on. My body shakes and spasms as the next shots fire, coating the t-shirt I didn't think to remove in my haste to suck off my buddy. 

The rest of my cum oozes out of me as I lay back, breathing heavily. I look over to Jack, suddenly conscious of all I had revealed to him today. My best friend, the absolute stud of our football team, the guy who's had more girls than either of us could count is sitting back in his chair, stark naked except for that stupid novelty snorkel. 

"So, I don't think we need to hit the beach today," his hand reaches down to his cock, already regaining its composure. "Kinda looks like rain." He winks at me and that single eyelid is enough to get me back off the couch and on my knees again. 

This trip keeps getting better and better.