 After my first encounter with Raj in his flat above the shop at lunchtime I was very eager for more. I didn't know why this ordinary, short, stocky guy turned me on so much, and although I knew the fact that he was Asian and hairy had something to do with it, surely that couldn't be all?

In order to find out, I would have to have sex with other guys of that profile and see how they went.

I put my profile on a gay website and said what I was looking for. The world is full of people who want to be and want to have sex with gorgeous physical specimens, but that wasn't what turned me on at all.

I had a few bites quite quickly, and soon arranged to meet one guy at his house in Hounslow. That area is full of Asians, so I had targeted it. It was dark when I got there, at a little terraced house. Beni came to the door wearing only a silk (maybe polyester) dressing gown but didn't apologise or comment on it. He knew why I was there and it wasn't to fiddle with clothing. I felt like a tart, just as I had the first time with Raj, but this time I had revealed myself online in advance - in more ways than one. Beni and I had seen each other's cocks and bodies. I also knew he had a beard: a long bushy grey one.

And so it was that he led me straight up the stairs with no further ado and into a bedroom that smelled of incense and where an old electric fire glowed against one wall. It was late summer and the evenings were getting cool.

Beni lay on the bed and looked at me, saying "Take your things off, then."

I was out of those clothes in a flash, and when I looked up from removing my underpants, Beni had removed the robe and was lying on his back, playing with his erect penis. His body was smooth but he had some nice thick pubic hair, which always gets me.

"I think you want to suck me," he said confidently. I nodded but he shook his head.

"Say it," he ordered.

"I want to suck you," I said.

"You want to suck my what?" he continued. I had told him how much talk turned me on and he must have seen how I liked to be told what to do in sexual matters.

"I want to suck your beautiful Indian cock," I said. I had also, of course, told him about my interracial fixation.

"What else are we going to do tonight?" he asked firmly. "How are you going to show your adoration of me?"

"I'm going to rim you," I said.

"Rim me?" he asked. "What is that in plain English? Describe that action."

I was standing there with my cock sticking out and it could have been embarrassing if it hadn't been so intoxicating. Beni knew his role in this.

"I am going to kneel behind you as you kneel on the bed, you're going to pull your buttocks apart and I'm going to lick your arsehole," I said like a good boy.

"That's right," Beni said. "You're a nice white man who is going to lick this Indian man's arsehole. And then what?"

"Then you are going to fuck me," I said, almost nervously as I studied his large brown cock, which surged from his black bush like a power tool.

"And what will that entail?" he asked, toying with me.

"I will lie on my back for you and lift my legs up in the air, and you will lube me up and lay between my legs and slid your penis into my anus," I said weakly, fast being overcome by desire.

"Am I going to kiss you?" he asked quietly.

"You will do anything you want," I said. "I am at your disposal."

"That's right," Beni said, patting the bed to invite me to lie down. I lay beside him and he rolled on top of me. He was heavy and his cock was prodding my crotch and he brought his face down on mine and thrust his tongue into my mouth. He kissed me as if his tongue was fucking me, almost raping me, and it just made me want to get to the point where he entered me, but he seemed to sense this and rolled off.

"Give me a blow job," he ordered. "Kiss my ball bag and lick my crotch and smell me and then suck my fucking cock." The guy had no idea how much this was electrifying me - or did he? Of course he did. He knew my type. He was a man's man, a masculine hunk of flesh, blood and bone and hair. And gristle, as I remembered when my hand instinctively moved onto his erection and held its warm, hard might. I was a man too, but I had voluntarily surrendered the role for tonight because I wanted to be ordered to please him. I wanted to obey him, although in truth I couldn't think of anything he could ask me to do that I wouldn't do gladly. I had, after all, eagerly agreed to put my tongue between his buttocks and taste his arse.

I got down to the blowjob, drunk with desire. I had already decided I was going to ask him to cum in my mouth and was pretty sure he would agree. If not, he could cum up my arse, or in my armpit, or on my chest, whatever he wanted. All of those would have been nice.

His cock wasn't the most beautiful, shapely thing I had ever seen. It was a blunt instrument that seemed made for buggery. Not a sleek, elegant thing for gracing a woman's vagina, but a cock, a dick, made for squeezing into a man's rectum. I loved his cock with my tongue. As ordered, I licked his ball bag and enjoyed the savoury smell. I licked his crotch and had to stop myself from straying into his crack, because he hadn't asked me to do that yet. So I sucked him, happily, eagerly but with a leisurely touch because it was like a gourmet meal, not to be rushed.

"Fuck, you white guys really are cocksuckers," he sighed.

"You been sucked my many white men?" I asked.

"Only one," he said. "He got me rock hard and then wanted me to piss on him. So we had to do that later. You like that? Would you like to be pissed on by an Indian guy?"

"Never done it," I admitted. "Sounds like fun, though."

"Not tonight," Beni said. "But one night we can have some beers and I will urinate all over you."

I shuddered with pleasure at the amazing rudeness of it, the beautiful freedom of being subject to this man's crude thoughts.

"Okay, lick my arse," he said abruptly , turning over. I immediately got my tongue in there and lapped at him like a dog.

"Fuck," he said, wriggling. "You really like that don't you? You're really good at it."

"I love licking your Indian arse," I said, reaching through for his cock and wrapping my hand around the head so I could smell it later.

The arse-licking was such a success that we had to keep it brief or he was going to cum.

He pushed me onto my back and lifted my legs and my arse sprang open like double doors. I felt like such a tart lying there, waiting for an Indian guy to fuck me.

Beni reached out to the bedside cabinet and ripped open a sachet of lube. He spread it around my hole and pushed a fat brown finger in, checking out the goods. The he put some on his dick and moved in closer. Once again he kissed me so hard and keen and dirty that I was desperate for him to invade me.

That blunt instrument went through my ring easily - he wasn't huge but his cock was strong and meant business. He bludgeoned my insides with his weapon and it hurt but in a good way. I loved the power of his cock as he buggered me. I loved the slapping of his balls against my ass and his stomach against mine. And I loved his tongue in my mouth, trespassing on my private property.

"I want you to cum in my mouth," I said weakly as the whole experience overwhelmed me.

"Okay, honey," he said, and threw me back before kneeling above me and wanking furiously. As he started to cum he thrust his spurting cock into my mouth and emptied his spunk there.

So that was conclusive, then. It was ordinary Indian guys that turned me on. No further research would be needed, but I vowed to do some anyway and decided to organise a group so they could bang me senseless and smother me with their cum.