 A sequel to "Concentration and Muscle Control."

If you read my previous piece, you'll already know that my use of the gym is closely linked to my sexuality, my love of hard masculine muscular bodies. 

Following the closure of the first gym I had used and where I had learned so much about training, about myself and what triggered my attraction to sex with men, I had to find a new place to train.

I saw a big guy getting into a builder's van, his body was so far beyond the beefiest of natural physiques it was obvious he was a serious, probably a competitive, body builder. In those days, that kind of body was rare enough to be really obvious in the street. I was near enough to walk over and ask him where he trained before he drove away. He was good enough to answer me in a civil way although his bristling manner let me know quickly that my intrusion in his daily business was not welcome. He wasn't rude but he wasn't at all friendly. At nineteen, it was an important lesson in Gym etiquette. I'd see him quite often at this next venue and I'd been right about his competing in shows. He was no oil painting but carried an an amazing, ripped muscle mass, a wonderful body when he didn't shave it. : ( I learned his name from other senior members at the St.Mary's who spoke to him or trained with him but I never addressed him again. Bob was not at all approachable.

I made a mental note of the name of the Gym, simple enough to remember, and I was able to locate it easily. A big place. A converted church and vestry in a run down, de-populated industrial part of town. Odd approaching the gym through an old grave yard but it was obvious, setting foot in the place for the first time that this was a much more serious training environment.

I was shown around by the owner and his son who was about my own age, the younger, I learned was looking forward to an Olympic trial in clean and Jerk. Competition weight lifting and power lifting were important features of the club and there was a stage permanently set up for those purposes at one end of the main gym. At the opposite end, another stage with a permanent "Circuit" set up and I was to learn that in order to use the free weights area of the main gym I would need to satisfy the owner of my cardio vascular fitness. The test for which was 3 circuits of this routine with set weights in a set time. At my first session, I almost passed out after the beginning of the second set which proved that my CV fitness was way below where it needed to be in order to move on at this club but it also made me realise that I could not maximise my potential without that high impact training.

During the next 6 months I worked exclusively on the circuits. Pounding away at the routine of small weights and simple body weight exercises, first just getting through the 3 circuits without having to stop, then shaving off the time to get down to what was required. I had changed my shift pattern at this time and was only able to get there at peak times. To begin with, I had to be very careful not to get in the way of much fitter guys. Many of whom had developed short cuts to cheat the exercises and be able to complete the circuits far quicker and with less strain, however, there were many supremely fit guys working that circuit and I could see the benefits.

I was losing body mass and even the biggest of the guys that could do the circuits were athletic rather than powerful, it became obvious that gaining muscle mass and increasing CV fitness could be conflicting and I also saw that very few of the guys on the free weights bothered with any warm up beyond a few stretches and lighter reps.

When I was finally given approval for use of the main gym, I determined that I was not going to neglect my CV fitness regime but periodically I have done in order to put some bulk back on. My shift pattern had changed back by this point and I missed the competitive nature of the circuits at busy times even though, by nature, I am not a natural competitor. In that one case, it had really helped.

I avoided eye contact with people at busy times and there were a lot of driven men with serious deficiencies in social skills. It was one of the premium clubs in the city for the big guys. No frills no luxury facilities. Serious men, big kit, working out. It's not that there was only macho, anti-social behaviour, at busy times you didn't hang about, there was no resting on the benches between sets. I'm sure, even then, hormone supplements were being used there by some of the heavyweights and it showed in their attitude as well as their ability to pile on lean muscle and cut to corded sinew at the same time. 

When I got back to afternoon workouts there was a much more relaxed atmosphere. Friendlier crowd because there was no pressure to get use of benches, squat stands etc. There were no cable machines except one leg bicep machine but there was always someone knowledgable around to coach exercises and the safe control of free weights. Good technique and good breathing, right from the start. It was here that I got some great coaching in squats particularly. The next year was like a finishing school for weight training for me. I was making big progress in all aspects of the workout. Eventually, I got to know a few regulars who trained at the same time as myself. We'd spot for one another and I'd learn new exercises or get corrections from these guys sometimes.

It was a busy place, even at down times. People always coming and going. It was also a serious workout environment so the opportunity for any kind of recognition of like minded individuals with a view to man on man sex was next to impossible to imagine. Although there were fantastic looking men working out there, it was not the place to be known for your admiration of male sexuality even though the admiration of and perfection of the male body was what the place was all about. Competitive body builders posed naked in front of the big mirror in the changing room discussing areas for improvement, how to segue between poses etc. So discussions could take place, men could check out other men at a distance but it was all within carefully monitored boundaries and not to be confused with sexual attraction.

One afternoon, after a leg workout, two men whom I saw regularly and who'd been friendly and helpful with their advice and whom I'd admired discretely for months, approached me after a workout in the changing room. Danny, the shorter, more muscular and more classically handsome of the two, praised my progress, I had been pleased by the work I'd been doing and it was great to hear that from one so strong and experienced as him. His workout buddy, another John, Big John or sometimes just "Big" was taller and had obviously piled muscle onto a skinny body instead of the compact, big boned shape of Danny, a natural for powerful development, John had long limbs and an altogether more difficult task to get good proportion. John introduced himself first, we'd never shared names previously, greeting with just a "Hi" or even with an "Excuse me" in my case, trying to be as respectful and careful as possible. John sat on the bench quite close to me our backs against the lockers, then introduced Danny, who offered his hand, clasped mine warmly and very firmly and smiled that kind of Greek /near Eastern twinkly charm that melts me instantly. They were both in their late twenties. 

My whole body tensed a little when Danny sat the other side of me. There was no-one else in the changing area, one large room with exits to the reception and shop one way and the showers the other. I didn't have any unease about either their intentions or my personal safety but because people didn't group this way in that place and it was obvious to anyone walking in, by these guy's presence in my body space, that something untoward, i.e. more than friendly, was taking place here. 

I jumped when John put his hand on my bare thigh, not because I feared his touch but I didn't want to risk our use of the place and our reputations as club members by word getting around, even among the staff that their was more to our association than being friendly training buddies. That tension almost put them off. John removed his hand sharply as if scalded and made an apologetic gesture. Danny abruptly got back to his feet and moved away. 

I immediately felt really bad. I admired the two and had had a lean time sexually since my baptismal session with Ed and John at my previous gym, almost a year previously. 

"Look," I said, my eyes flicking back and forth between the two doors, nervously "I'm really pleased to meet you but.."

They both looked somewhat crestfallen and at one another with questioning faces, as if they'd made a big mistake. Unlike before, these two had no control over a semi-public space. Any of the members or staff could just walk right in. I felt the electrical attraction between us.

Danny went to his gym bag and I thought, with great regret, that was that. I'd fucked it up with my nervousness. Spontaneously, out of panic, trying to salvage something of their friendliness I found myself, their junior and one against two, taking the initiative with "Maybe we can talk outside where it's more relaxed?" 

"Sure, sure!" came an enthusiastic response from one or other.

We showered, as often before and I was careful, as always, to avoid either eye contact or conversation there or back in the changing room where both incoming and outgoing members had joined our number. They left together, I loaded my bag and left a few moments after, with the usual "Thank you" to the staff on the desk as I left. Danny and John were chatting a few yards away, outside. I smiled, motioned with my bag and marched briskly away towards my beaten up, old car, hoping they had understood my body language. Why I was leading this, I didn't really know but as I became more experienced with men, I realised I only really felt comfortable when I was in control.

Once I tossed the big old holdall onto the back seat I looked back and gestured to them to join me.

"Nice car!" said Danny with a huge grin as they approached. At my age and on my wage I was lucky to be driving!

"Will you follow us to our place?" asked John brightly, "It's only 5 minutes."

That's a bit of a give away, "Our place." 

Seeing my raised eyebrow, John quickly added "We share and apartment."

"Can't stay long, I'm sorry. I have a split shift today." I warned, with a grimace of disappointment.

"Well let's get going!" Suggested Danny with a friendly urgency. 

"I'm certainly eager for that!" I thought, privately "But maybe wait until we get there, Dan!"

They led (for a change) and as promised, we arrived within only a few minutes, happily in a safer part of town, with a bag on view in my old car. I really did have to keep an eye on my watch but an hour might produce a bit of fun. It's surprising what can be achieved in an hour.

To my great surprise, the reason these two men had time in the afternoon for the gym was that they were uniformed police officers. Shift workers like me but cops! At that time and in that city, Gay culture was very much an underground affair and public perceptions of homosexuality were very limited and wholly negative, we were all closets and here was a particularly interesting closet. To my complete amazement they made no secret of their public responsibilities, never asked me for my assurances of discretion nor did they seek to use any kind of authority on me. Strictly speaking, I was still under age and looked younger. 

None of that really matters for 3 men, still hot from the gym. I took a seat on a sofa, carefully taking the middle of the 3. While John went to the kitchen to boil the kettle for coffee, Danny perched on an arm chair some way off awkward and unwilling to start a conversation. When John came in with a tray, and as he put down the coffee, he broke the Ice by sitting comfortably close to me, I was able to make my apology for my previous mistake and put my hand on his long, hard thigh. As if that was a kind of cue, Danny leaned forward, took a mug and moved round to my other side smiling his "Suck my tongue now" smile. I was already sweating and my cock was stiff with anticipation. 

The coffee went cold, the table was eventually moved away. There was little talk but Danny led off with how much he had been admiring my squatting and I responded that he or they had been slyly looking at my arse. They confirmed that they had indeed discussed that feature of my program and looked forward to being there when I was under the bar. I stood up, thus presenting my arse at roughly head height to them seated and said "You're welcome" I reached inside the waistband of my sweatpants and shucked them right down before straightening up, my hard cock bounding up in a powerful upward curl, the big flared head almost at my navel before subsiding and then with the skill learned from Ed and the other John, hands on hips, I made it rise and fall, teasing my audience who were agog at my forwardness. I however, had only an hour! Danny ran his strong hand up the inside of my left thigh and lodged it in my crack, making exploratory motion with his fat thumb towards my hole. 

The squats, bent over rowing and other leg bicep exercises had given my thighs and my butt great mass and definition and it was my favourite area of exercise because:

a) I am a sucker for strong legs and butts myself and 

b) so many body builders neglect it and it looks so bad when they do. 

Danny, I learned, was similarly charged by squats. His attention to my arse, I would soon learn was because he was also an expert butt eater and I came to appreciate the great joy I take from eating a big muscleman's hairy arse from knowing and appreciating Dan's passion. Basically, he couldn't wait to get his bearded face between my arse cheeks. I hadn't been fucked much up to that point in my life. Fucked really good but not much.

While Danny pulled me around and bent me over so he could investigate my hole fully and expertly with his lips, tongue and teeth, John, cut to the chase and got totally naked in front of me, at which juncture, the "Big" in Big John became obvious. Keeping my eyes to myself in the changing room had been a good idea for this "Big" John, much taller and way more hirsute than the other, was blessed with a tool that almost rivalled his namesake. I wouldn't wish to belittle his startling endowment in any way, it is magnificent, (still, I can attest) but neither in girth, for all it's thickness, nor in length and a majestic mass it certainly is, did his meat quite come to match the glory of the blond. 

With Danny already making me whimper with pleasure, it was supremely difficult to focus my attention and a perfect technique for the approaching assault at my mouth but I was going to give it my best shot for sure and I only had about 50 minutes!

John put his thumb into my mouth and moved it around deliciously before bending at the waste to kiss me full and hard. My saliva began to flow and mingle with his before he stood upright again and I received the blunt head of his lovely dong at my lips. His huge left hand reached the back of my head and gently encouraged me to try. Not wishing to be shown up as the inexperienced 'boy', however they would use me, I drew in all my faculties, flattened my tongue and allowed the massive, hot head into my warm, wet mouth and without a pause at his sharp intake of breath, moved forward inexorably until it reached my throat. Then, calm as you like and with only the very slightest break before closing off my airway, I reached forward to encourage Big to lean in gripping his downy arse and to his amazement, their new fuck buddy took the whole great whang in one hit, right down to the fender.

John, his eyes wide, could only say "Ffffuuuuck", very slowly as his hose reached down into my guts for the first time. He breathed in hot stuttering gasps like when you step into the cold sea and the waves splash your upper torso or perhaps like he might faint and then he said "Dan..., you gotta see this." 

Almost a comic moment and I dared not laugh anyway, Danny mumbled into my anus, something incomprehensible but roughly translated as "Fuck off, I'm having the time of my life in here".

John backed off, leaving me a couple of breaths and the chance to savour his astonishing cock head and get a good grip around his great bollocks which equalled the magnificence of his shaft. John shook Danny's shoulder and with a reluctant smack of his lips he emerged from my arse with saliva all over his ecstatic chops, a slightly cross frown on his sweating dribbley brow. 

John simply said "Watch this!" and to order, we put on a show for Dan and the gigantic sausage slipped, once again, entirely from view. All three of us were astonished. Another life long lesson. Establish a really good technique! 

I'd never swallowed anything nearly that big but worked hard on the method and concentration whenever I got the practice and look what could be achieved. I sure was happy and so turned on I could have popped my nut right there at the sight of Danny's handsome face aglow with his excursions at my butt hole, agog at the boy's abilities with Big's rocket.

Once more I led. Leaving off John's great dong for a brief moment I grabbed Danny's T and brought it off over his head and he took this to mean we should all get naked as I stripped off my own and shucked off my lower garments restricting my feet. I went back to the great schlong and even managed to develop a rhythm with him slow fucking my throat as Ed had been able to do and Dan went back to my arse, spreading my cheeks and getting way on down in there swirling teasing and stretching, using his dribble to liberally lubricate his own cock and I instinctively knew what that action alluded to. Before long he stood on the seat behind me, his delicious, powerful, hairy legs spread strongly apart and presented his cock at my pulsating shitter. He was in before he even pressed, somehow I just swallowed him and there I was pinned on their spit roasting cocks and loving every minute. Feeling totally in control and safe with two fucking hot hunks shafting me, I couldn't believe my luck. Well luck and a really good squatting technique.

Time was ticking away and for all my love of my situation, I had to get to work before too long and I needed to move the pace of things on while making absolutely certain that this was not a one off. I did this by backing off the "Big" and turning to offer my butt to John instead, a little uncertain, as he was way bigger than any guy had fucked me before. As if by reading my mind, Danny slipped down on the sofa and with his legs hanging over the back of the seat, dangling, with his head downwards, Dan was perfectly centred to swallow my own member as Johns great cockhead replaced Dan's in my hole, plopping inside with hardly a pang, so, as the massive length of "Big" stretched my guts at the other end, my todger slipped, for the first time into Dans hot mouth, playing on his lips, tickling his tonsils and his splendid dong, funky from its excursion into my arse, wallowed about in my vacant orifice. Here I was sucking and lapping at a man's penis which had just emerged from my arsehole. I was way, way out of control.

All of us were totally wanting to cum and my mind was whirling with the future possibilities of coupling in the company of these imaginative and sensitive men but these fantasies brought me closer rather than holding off my wad and with the very next thrust from Big, I shot into Dan's throat, feeling him swallow and swallow. My laboured panting triggered his first blast of jizz into me at the same moment my contracting guts almost cut Johns great snake in two and sent his own nut juice streaming in sweet, sticky squirts down the pipe and into my quaking, appreciative insides. What a fantastic scene that was.
