 I wasn't quite sure what I was doing venturing onto the building site one hot, sticky afternoon. After all, such a place can be dangerous. But I had been working from home, and the building next to my house had been going on for some weeks now. The work itself made alot of noise, with workmen's machines and manual labour continuing for much of each weekday, and it was a miracle I had got any work done at all, despite my wife being out all day. 

The view from my home office desk had allowed me to watch some of the work going on, although my view was still a little restricted, but I had seen some of the men going about their business when I had been unable to concentrate. It was the beginning of summer and the last day or two, the temperature had sored. 

As a result, I had seen some of the workmen arrive on the site in shorts, and strip off their tops to get some sun and work up a tan. Working on a site like that one, all day and all week, I imagined one had to be pretty fit, and I had noticed the guys' physiques. Ok, they weren't body-builders or athletes, but one or two of them were, I had to admit, in great shape. As they took their breaks, they would take some time out, eat and drink from their lunchboxes, and chat and mill around.

I guess I was just curious really. Curious to see how they were getting on, what all the noise was about, and maybe to see if they could keep it down a bit, for the sake of my work, and the peace of the neighbourhood. I wandered onto the edge of the site, ignoring some of the warning signs, but keeping my eyes open for anything dangerous. I had timed it so that I knew the men would be on their lunchbreak, having observed them for a while over the past few weeks. Strangely, I couldn't see any of the men about. Looking around, I spotted their temporary office, essentially one of those mobile homes, that had been set up for them right from the start, and headed for that.

As I approached the office, I could feel the sun baking down on my face and neck. Away from the cool interior of my own home, it was sweltering, and I was already sweating. I could hear the muffled sounds of voices coming from inside. 

I also could see two doors to the office, both on one side, one at each end. The few windows I could see were tinted, and I couldn't see anything through them. I chose one of the doors, and walked up the steps leading to it. I thought I should knock, to be polite, and I did.

I waited a few moments, but there was no answer. I turned the handle, which was a little stiff, and it squeaked as I did so. Pushing the door ajar, I peered through the opening.

What I saw shocked me. One of the workmen was lying back on a couch, facing away from me. His top was off and his shorts and underwear were pulled down to his knees. He was stroking his cock, which was fully erect, and breathing 

heavily. I was close enough to see his cockhead glistening as it emerged from his fist repeatedly, over and over. For some reason I couldn't take my eyes off it. I considered myself straight, but I was mesmerised. There was something about this guy. He was quite toned and muscular and I could see his right forearm, bicep, and chest muscles tensing and relaxing rhythmically as he continued to beat himself off. A light sweat coated his upper body, and he watched his own cock and balls in the action. 

I stayed where I was, but suddenly felt a hand on my backside.

"Well, look what we have here. A Peeping Tom!"

The man standing behind me pushed me in through the open door and the other man, the one I had seen jerking off, stopped and looked in my direction from the couch. He stood to his feet virtually naked, with his shorts around his ankles, and his cock standing proudly erect. I found myself absent-mindedly licking my lips, as I stared at the man in front of me. He stroked his cock again gently, keeping himself hard.

I felt a hand on my back guiding me forward gently into the middle of the room and then a voice.

"Seems like you caught my friend playing with himself," said the man behind me gently. His tone then changed: "You shouldn't be on this building site, things can get dangerous around here."

I spoke up for myself. "Sorry I was just curious about all the noise, and was wondering if..."

"Noise takes care of itself. Now, you ever suck a man's cock before?"

I stood there not knowing what to say. A male friend at school had once sucked mine, when I had been young and inexperienced. I had been too scared to suck his, because I hadn't thought I was gay or even bisexual, but I had got pretty close to it. And while having sex with my wife I had occasionally fantasised about it. But this was real.

I licked my lips slightly again and felt a pang of excitement in my stomach. 

The naked man noticed me and grinned. 

"Seems like he wants to. Now, down on your knees and let me give it to you."

The man in front of me kicked off his shorts and underwear, and stood before me, totally naked. Something in me clicked, and the hand on my back guided me down onto my knees on the floor.

"Now...open your mouth and suck it."

In some kind of trance, I opened my mouth, and at the same time closed my eyes, in fear more than anything. I felt something soft and warm pushing past my lips, and I knew then that there was no turning back. Strangely though, the feeling of this man's cock pushing into me was already enjoyable. I felt hands on the back of my head, and opened my eyes to see the man's groin as he pushed forward. I relaxed my mouth and throat as more of his stiffness went in. I couldn't help but swirl my tongue around the outside of the shaft, out of instinct really. But he tasted good. I could sense the slipperyness of it, from the precum which oozed from the tip. The man started to groan and thrust back and forth, fucking my mouth.

"Ahhh, that feels so good. If this is your first time, you're a natural. Oooh, unnngh."

I really started to get into it, and reached around to grab the man's ass and pull him into me, even as he continued to thrust. Was I gay? No. I loved my wife and making love to her was wonderful. Yet here I was, on the floor of some makeshift office, sucking the cock of a total stranger, and enjoying it.

I licked and sucked the head each time the man fucking my mouth withdrew, tasting more of his precum. It was almost sweet, and it was like I couldn't get enough. I could feel the man behind me with his hands on my back, reach under my t-shirt and stroke my skin. He was into it as well. He lifted up my shirt and continued to rub my bare back, then reached round and stroked my stomach, before working his way up to my nipples, rubbing and pinching them. I moaned slightly, with my mouth still full of hard manmeat.

I reached up and played gently with the balls of the man in front of me. Then I disengaged from the cock-sucking and took one of them in my mouth, suckling it slowly, licking and rolling it around in my mouth. I switched to the other one and the man moaned loudly.

"Oooh, mmmmm, yessss, play with my balls, suck them, yeah, that's it."

After sucking his balls for a little while, I moved to take his cockhead and shaft back in my mouth, as the man behind me continued to play with my nipples and stroked my torso. Then I heard him step back and kick off his boots and clothes. He came round in front of me and stood next to the other man, naked and rubbing his own cock, which was a good seven or eight inches long, thick and veiny.

The man fucking my mouth suddenly quickened his pace, while his cock stiffened further. He cried out loud, and then I felt it, the first wave of cum shot into my mouth and hit the back of my throat.

"Agghhhh, yesssss, take it, take my cum."

I wasn't sure what to do, as it had taken me a little by surprise, but the cum slipped down my throat before I knew quite what was happening. It was salty and sweet at the same, and warm. I drank the man's seed as the second, third, and fourth loads shot from his cocktip. The man held my head still over the head of his cock and I hadn't a choice but to take it all down. Still, I found the experience highly erotic, exciting, and taboo all at the same time. It was not something I had done before, but I was revelling in the situation now.

"Aaahh, you took it all down, like a good cocksucker. And you didn't spill a drop," said the man, as he looked down at me, and began to recover, still breathing heavily.

Before I had time to answer, the second man pushed towards me, with his fully erect cock pointed at my mouth.

"Here you go, Peeping Tom, try mine for size. Looks like you enjoyed sucking my friend's big cock, so here's another for you." 

For the second time that day, I opened my mouth wide in front of stiff manmeat and felt it push past my lips. The man groaned as he entered me.

"Unngh, yesss, that's it, suck my cock man. Seems like you can't get enough here."

It seemed I was a fast learner. Once more, I licked the man's shaft, and swirled my tongue around the mushroom-shaped head, as he held onto me gently and started to fuck my mouth slowly. 

The man turned to his buddy, who was by now sitting back on the couch, still naked, and recovering quickly! I could see his cock, still wet and slippery from the deep sucking I had just given him, and he was fondling himself, and stroking himself gently, while he watched me suck his friend. I noticed his cock beginning to rise, lengthen and stiffen as he did so.

I turned my attention back to the huge thickness that was filling my mouth and pushing again and again towards the back of my throat. It wasn't long before this man tensed up and started to shoot his creamy load into my mouth. This time, I tasted the man's seed fully, before swallowing it down. I was learning to enjoy the taste of another man's cum. This time the flavour was slightly different, but I liked that mixture of sweetness and saltyness that was common to both men's juices.

Just then, I heard more voices from behind me, from outside the mobile office. 

I turned to look as the man who had just emptied his load removed his softening cock from my mouth. Two more men, probably like the first two in their late twenties or early thirties, burst in through the door.

"Fuck me, what's going on here, boys?" cried one. He had dark hair and had already built up a good tan from the last couple of days' sunshine. The other man was very black. Both men were topless and wore loose-fitting shorts like their workmates.

The man still sitting on the couch spoke up, while he stroked himself.

"Local boy here was trespassing on the site, and now he's having a little fun with us. He sucks cock good and I bet he'd suck yours as well. Swallows it all down too.

"Well, I wouldn't normally," said the black guy, "but that's too good an offer to refuse. My cock and balls have been aching all morning."

The two new arrivals walked round in front of me and loosened their belts and zippers, quickly dropping their shorts and underwear in quick succession. 

Meanwhile the man sitting rose to his feet and came up behind, joining his friend. Together they lifted my shirt over my head, then started to tug on my shorts. I didn't resist. I was a little nervous as to what they might do if I refused, though deep down I knew better than to leave now. I had hardly been aware of it during my encounter with these men so far, but my own cock was as hard as a rock, and oozing precum. Now, as I felt my shorts being pulled down, followed by my underwear, this was exposed for all to see.

I had nothing to be ashamed of though, as my nearly seven inches of thick and veiny manmeat was revealed to these four men standing around me.

"Well, well, look at this," said one, eyeing up my erection.

"Looks like he's enjoying it even more than I thought," said another.

"He won't be any trouble then," said the black guy, rubbing his own cock, which was, like his friend's, maybe seven or eight inches in length and thick around, with a big mushroom-shaped head. I could feel my mouth salivating as I took in the sight. I wanted to taste them both, to feel the smooth hardness sliding into my mouth, and to catch their hot loads as they shot onto my waiting tongue.

"Here you go then," said the dark-haired guy, "try this for size."

He pushed forward and once more I opened my mouth wide in anticipation. His beautiful, warm and hard hunk of manmeat slid into my mouth. His had a different texture to the men I had already sucked, but I was developing a taste for this, an almost uncontrollable urge to enjoy these new pleasures with these men, and it was just as enjoyable, if not moreso, now that I was more relaxed. 

However, I was still excited and feeling hornier by the moment. I was surrounded by four naked men, and I was naked myself now.

I felt a hand on my ass at the same time that this man began to fuck my mouth. It felt good and I wiggled my rear end a little in enjoyment. I felt a little exposed, but perhaps I was too horny to care very much at that point. The hand stroked my ass all over, and suddenly a finger began to tease my asshole, rubbing around it gently. This was a new sensation and it felt nice. I moaned in appreciation as the finger withdrew and was replaced in a couple of moments by something warm and wet. I shuddered as I realised that it was the man's tongue. These guys were not holding back. This was pretty dirty to me, but it sent a tingle up my spine and little bursts of pleasure all over my body. The man licked my ass up and down and around, even as I continued to suck his friend off. I pushed my ass back towards the source of my pleasures, yearning for more.

"Mmmmm, mmmmff, ooooh," I groaned with my mouth still full of thick cock.

The man licking my ass had by now got me wet and slippery and the next thing I felt was his tongue pushing forward and sliding up me a little way. The feeling was utterly delicious and made me more horny than ever for whatever was coming next. I wasn't sure I wanted to be fucked in the ass though, and began to feel a little nervous.

I carried on sucking the dark-haired man, and suddenly he too was coming in my mouth, crying out as he threw his head back and gave one final thrust towards my face. His cum tasted different again, but as his eight inches of thickness spurted and sprayed across my tongue, I found it equally delicious. I swallowed this third load of man juices down eagerly, while beginning to turn my attention back to the incredible tongue-fucking I was receiving. The man finished coming and slid his cock from my mouth. I turned my head to look behind me and saw that it was the guy I had caught jerking off in the first place that was giving me such pleasure. He glanced up for a second, caught my eye and gave me a wicked grin, before returning to my asshole.

Meanwhile the black guy had obviously decided that he wanted seeing to as well. He presented his lovely black cock to my face. At this stage in the proceedings, I couldn't help but lick my salivating lips again. He didn't waste any time, and as I opened wide once more, he pushed forward into my mouth. His cock was oozing precum and I licked and tasted the amber nectar as he allowed me to suck and lick his beautiful manmeat.

Just then, I felt the guy behind disengage from his tongue-fucking and present two saliva-coated fingers to my hole. They pushed slowly in. It was a little uncomfortable as they stretched me slightly, but it also gave me a feeling of fullness as they wriggled around inside my ass, moving about, stimulating me further. After a little while, they withdrew. A few moments later, I felt something warm bounce against the rim of my asshole. It was thicker than a finger, and it had to be the first guy's cock. But instead of pushing in, he began to tease the rim of my now stretched and slippery man-pussy.

"Aaaaah, ooooh, mmmmm, oh yessss," I moaned as the black guy's cock slipped from my mouth, allowing me to take in what was happening behind me. I still had my doubts about what I wanted to happen here. To me, sucking a guy's cock was one thing, but fucking me was something else.

"I'm not sure I'm ready for this," I said, still a little nervous.

"Don't worry, you'll be fine. It's natural to be nervous the first time," said the guy from behind, still teasing me with his fuckstick. "Besides," he continued, with a new urgency, "I don't think I can hold out much longer. I need your asshole baby, I need it now."

I was reassured only slightly, and as this guy's cock continued to rub and push gently against my most intimate opening, I began to protest.

"Nooo, this shouldn't be. I'm not sure I want this."

Another man spoke gently: "Just relax, and you'll be able to take it."

My head was spinning, as I felt firm hands hold my backside still, and after what seemed like an age, the feeling of a thick cock pushing into me. I felt my asshole stretching a little further, and then suddenly the head slipped inside. 

The man held still for moment, before inching further forward. I could feel his veiny shaft sliding against my tight hole, and rubbing the walls of my canal as it pushed all the way in.

It was a strange series of sensations, and my ass suddenly felt full up, as the man held himself deep inside me. I was getting used to it already, and my resistance was fading fast. I realised that it was too late now, that I was going to be fucked in the ass. Besides, it was starting to feel quite pleasurable. The man pulled slowly out, until just the head was still inside me, then pushed back in again, gently, beginning to get into a steady rhythm.

"Don't worry," said a voice from behind me, "I'm gonna take it easy and make sure you grow to love it. You'll be begging for it before too long, baby. Aaaah, that's it, your ass is nice and tight, it's just right, a good fit."

As the man gently fucked me, I could feel myself relaxing into it. He was right. My asshole let go of any tension, and that feeling of fullness was alternating with a feeling of emptiness as he withdrew. And as he did so, I started to push back in time with his thrusts. I could feel his hands on my hips holding me steady. The fucking continued. It felt good; too good. I wanted more now and moaned at him quietly.

"Ungh, fuck me."

The man heard me.

"Aaah, that's it, I knew you would enjoy it. Take it, take all of my cock, man. Only another guy can take it like this. Unnngh, unnngh, unnngh."

He began to pick up speed. Then, before I knew what was happening, the black guy presented his cock to my face once more. I was too lost in the moment to refuse. After all, I had enjoyed him already, and was ready for more of the same. The thick black shaft pushed into my open mouth and I continued to lick and suck it in all its beautiful stiff glory.

I was being taken at both ends, by strangers, and was full up with thick manmeat and enjoying it too. I couldn't see the other two guys really, but I was aware of them. I could hear the slap of cocks being worked to full hardness and kept there. Then suddenly I felt a hand on my own cock, which was already fully erect, working it, keeping it hard. New and deeper pleasures pulsed through my groin. After a few strokes, the man lay down beneath me and took my cock in his mouth, beginning to lick and suck it. This was almost more than I could stand. At the same time, the fourth guy started to fondle and stroke my upper body, grabbing and pinching my nipples gently.

"Oh yesssss, mmmmmm, oooh," I moaned and groaned as the onslaught of my senses continued.

The black guy fucking my mouth then tensed up, his cock stiffened, and suddenly he was shooting his hot load into my mouth and to the back of my throat, which I swallowed down as eagerly as before. I had sucked all four guys to completion now, and still felt as hot and horny as ever.
