 Back in my younger days, those moments where we used to watch adult films, my cravings were for the dicks being sucked than for the pussy. I am now 24 but still that interest holds high. I am not bold enough to flirt directly. So mostly i meet guys through internet and have fun. 

During one of those chats, a guy told me about an adult theatre in the city where a lot was happening on weekends. So I decided to try it out on a saturday evening 7:30 show. 

It was a very quiet theatre with guys here and there. I called my chat friend and as per his instructions, went to the toilet. To my surprise, it was packed with lot of top guys, above 50 guys at least mostly straight sexually starving top guys who just needs to get sucked or stroked. There were about three or four bottoms trying to satisfy all those guys. My knees started to get weak at the sight of it. 

I looked around, found a nice guy, cuddled and felt his huge bulge. He unzipped and gave his dick in my hands. Guys were all around and it was difficult to even kneel down to suck him. The guy seemed so horny, as soon as he got it in my mouth, started fucking it. Some other guy hold my head stable and soon i felt the salty gooey cum filling in my mouth. I spitted it all out and soon my free face was surrounded by many dicks around. 

I sucked most of those dick heads but their numbers were getting uncontrollable splashing their cums all over my face and mouth. The guy holding my head moved his hands into my ass hole, rubbed it and asked if i wanted to get out of that crowd. He whispered in my ears that his friends are also around and we can find a secure place somewhere. 

I said fine and soon he made some phone calls, while i continued to suck and satisfy the guys around. Only about 15 minutes, i was in that room but sucked and got loaded by more than twenty guys. He had to pull me out of those cocks and the guys around gave a disappointing roar. 

We went near the stair case and there were another 3 guys waiting there who smiled at me and inspected my whole body. One of the guys said , "Nani, (well, thats what my chat friends name was)you hunted a nice bottom this time". And they all laughed. We soon got out from the theatre, walked a bit and reached one of the guys place. 

There was a bed in the center and soon, the lights were turned off and the 4 guys jumped on me. I sucked each of them bending down and soon some oil was poured on my exposed ass, fingered and the guy behind pushed his dick head into my ass. It opened up wrapping around his tool and my moans came through the dick in my mouth. He penetrated me long, opening even the inner insides of me and one other guy said. "Come on Raju, fuck quickly, 3 guys are waiting here". 

It seemed they all knew each other well. It was only me who was new and well, knowing them through their manhoods. And soon Raju came hard in my ass with screams, while others cheered and i could feel the hot fluid filling my rectum. 

Soon i was filled with second guy, who had a larger tool but my cum soaked hole took it easily in. The good stamina guy fucked me for another 15 minutes finally filling my rectum with another load of cum. The third guy soon replaced into my ass which had now gone numb after going through half hour of continuous fuck. Soon he came too inside my ass, it felt so good to feel the seeds of 3 guys in my rectum with the 4th guy, Nani, now throbbing to load my ass. 

While he fucked me hard, the other 3 guys stroked and fucked my mouth and again came in my face and mouth one after the other, then they went to wash and got dressed up. 

Nani was going on and on still ravaging my ass, not stopping, as they all watched and cheered. He took the dick out and cum along with air bubbles oozed out of my ass. He penetrated again and pulled out. Did it for a while each time, pulling the cum out of my ass. I lost my count and finally after sometime, his strokes started getting faster and then he roared and i could feel his hot splashes deep inside me. 

My ass by then was so sore after one hour of continuous fuck. Nani placed me to stand on my fours, widened my ass cheeks and exposed my hole to all of them as they cheered. He asked me to push out the cum and while i did, the feel of 4 guys watching it made me stroke and cum hard too. 

Soon, I got dressed up, told thanks to those friends and walked to home feeling like a real slut. Why shouldn't I? I had satisfied over 25 guys that night, the most ever in my life.