 I had just finished my first year in college and had just gotten home for the summer. Some male friends of mine decided to have a get together out at a campsite we know of. Just have a few beers and catch up on what happened the past year. A friend named Todd picked me up in his truck and we drove out together. There were five guys there besides myself. Todd, Jim, Bobbie, Len, and Joey. Someone had picked up a quarter keg of beer and a bottle of tequila. We were all planning to stay over for the evening, so I brought my sleeping bag along. 

We got a fire going and the beer began to flow. I am not much of a drinker. I am kind of thin and short and it doesn't take much booze to get me drunk. We were all laughing and carrying on when someone broke out the tequila. I could never handle that. It was decided to play a game. You answer wrong and you had to take a shot. I seemed to be answering a lot of questions wrong and I was stone drunk from tequila. Then the rules suddenly changed. Someone got the wild idea that the loser should have to stroke the other guy's cock if they didn't answer correctly.

Before I knew it I was stroking two of my friend's cock in each hand. It soon got out of control. As I pulled on my friend's rods they started to cum all over me. I felt a load of cum hitting my hair. As I was sitting on a log on the ground, one of the guys pulled my t-shirt up and off of me. I was suddenly surrounded with a bunch of hard cocks staring me in the face. I can't really remember too much after that. The next thing I do remember was that it was early morning when I awoke. I sat up and realized I was covered in male cum. My hair and face were covered and I felt drops of seed running down my chest. The other thing I noticed was that my jaw was sore and my breath tasted funny.

I walked down to a stream that ran nearby and dosed myself with water. I cleaned up the best I could. When I got back, my friends were starting to stir. It was very quiet that morning. My friends prided themselves on being heterosexual males. I think we were all very embarrassed. We broke camp and Todd and I loaded up his vehicle. We began to drive back and I had to ask Todd. 

"What exactly happened last night, Todd?"

"Don't ask Tim," was Todd's reply.

I wouldn't let up, however.

"Did I suck someone's cock?"

I knew I had, but Todd just drove in silence.

"It was you, wasn't it?" I asked.

Todd's face got red. He finally opened up and told me I was out of control, stroking everyone's cock there. Todd had been sitting watching, not participating. He said he could feel his cock swelling, so he stood up and freed his cock from his pants. Todd said he walked closer to all of us. I had been sitting there with my mouth hanging open. He was so horny, he shoved his dick down my throat. The other guys urged Todd on, he said. He placed his hands on the back of my head and fed my throat until his cock spit out all his seed.

He was not happy to be telling me this. Todd was one of those guys who prided himself on being a true blue male. As we barreled down the old back road, I reached over and placed my hand on Todd's crotch. He tried to remove my hand, but I held it there. Todd was semi-hard through his jeans. As he drove on I was rubbing him through the material. Todd was getting really hard by then. I told him to pull over into a deserted area.

When Todd stopped the vehicle I unzipped his pants. His cock came springing out. Now I knew why my jaw ached. Todd was at least seven inches long and quite thick. I took his stiff pole in my hand and brought my head lower. I surround his mushroom head with my lips and began to lick and suck it. Todd again was running his fingers through my hair. His cock tasted so good, I could start to remember a little of what happened the previous night. I wanted Todd so bad now. He also wasn't about to let me stop. I deep throated my friend for a few minutes until I felt him thrust up hard into my mouth. 

I wrapped my lips tight around his pecker and Todd erupted down my throat. Where all the cum was from I had no idea. I just kept swallowing as best I could until Todd finally calmed down. I drank my friends load down and then zipped his pants back up. Todd now wants to explore with me for the rest of the summer. He has never tasted cock and he wants to know what it is like. This should be a very interesting summer!