 Here I was at Todd's place, with his cock down my throat. I was on my knees and Todd was pumping his long dick into me. I guess I should back up a bit. My name is Tim and my story started when I went to a camping party with my old high school friends. I got crazy drunk and ended up stroking and sucking my male buddies. Todd and I had continued where we began out in the woods. Todd had never been with a man before that evening we camped out. He said he was only interested in women. I guess Todd changed his tune once I sucked him off for the first time.

I now had Todd's thick rod deep down my throat. He had his hands on the back of my head making sure I wouldn't pull off. He didn't have to worry about that. I enjoyed feeling his member sliding in and out of my mouth. We were just getting into it when the doorbell rang. Todd swore and then pull his pants on quickly. When he opened the door it was Bobbie, one of the guys who was at the camping party that evening.

Bobbie was a bit of a redneck type. When he partied he like to let it all hang out, so to speak. Todd let him into his apartment just as I walked from the bedroom into the living room. Bobbie didn't need a tree to fall on him to figure out what we were up to.

"Were you two sucking each other?" Bobbie asked.

I figured I might as well tell him the truth.

"No Bobbie, I was sucking on Todd's cock only."

Todd turned to me and gave me an evil stare. He didn't want Bobbie knowing his business. He also didn't want Bobbie to be telling everyone in town about us together. 

Bobbie then said, "I am up for a little bit of fun."

I don't know what Todd thought at that moment. I think he was pissed, to tell the truth. I turned around and headed back to the bedroom. I guess I had settled things right then and there. I removed my clothes and got spread eagled across the bed. It was a minute or two later that Todd and Bobbie entered. I guess being horny settle things. Both my friends stripped down. Todd had a long, thick cock that I loved to suck. Bobbie had a short, stubby dick.

I had my head hanging over the edge of the bed. Todd moved directly over me and stuffed his dick down my throat once more. As I started to suck on my lover's cock, Bobbie moved onto the bed. At first I thought he was going to suck me. I was wrong. Bobbie lifted my legs up and got in between my thighs. I felt something probing my asshole. I tried to wiggle away, but Bobbie had me locked in place. I had never been fucked before. I really only enjoyed sucking. 

Bobbie started to push hard and I felt the head of his cock enter me. Even though Bobbie wasn't very long, it still hurt like hell. Bobbie didn't believe in any sort of build up. He started to ram my hole like a wild bull. I could tell Todd was getting excited watching Bobbie thrust into my bottom. I was making moaning noises even though Todd had his cock stuffed down my throat. Bobbie's thick cock was pounding into my bottom now. His balls were slapping against my ass. Bobbie was also making noises like he was riding a bronco. A few more thrusts from Bobbie and I felt his hot stream of cum fly.

It seemed like Bobbie had this endless fountain of cum in him. He just kept slamming into me and I felt his hot liquids shooting into my bottom. Todd must had lost control watching all of this action. He really speeded up fucking my throat. I was gagging on his thick monster by then. Todd then pulled out and did what he always did. He shot load after load of his seed on my face. I think he loved the idea he was humilating me in some way. I didn't care one bit. I opened my mouth and his seed managed to find it's way there. Both my lovers were squirting their loads in me and on me at the same time.

After a few minutes Bobbie pulled out and Todd went into the bathroom. He brought out damp wash clothes for us to get cleaned up with. I wiped the seed from my face and tried to clean up around my asshole. I knew we weren't finished yet. Todd and Bobbie changed places. This was the first time Todd ever entered my ass. The pain was intense to say the least. He was much bigger than Bobbie. When he pushed his cock in, it felt like a giant lizard crawling inside my gut. Bobbie wasted no time getting on my chest. I had to lift my head up to get to his short dick.

Bobbie slipped his prong between my lips and I started to suck him. Again Bobbie rammed me hard with his cock. I was able to take him easier than with Todd's long rod. Todd had managed to bury his member all the way inside me. I wanted to scream but Bobbie had his dick on my mouth. Todd was punishing my ass. He was stretching my ass muscles to the maximum. When Todd was in me the whole way he began to talk dirty to me. I always got turned on when he did this.

Todd called me his cock whore. He said he was going to breed my tight ass with his man seed. All I knew at that moment is that I wanted both of these men to fire their sticky loads into me. I didn't have long to wait. Bobbie just loved to thrust as fast as he could and then cum. It was all about him. He slammed his meat into my mouth over and over and then let out a cry. Hot seed went screaming down my gullet. I don't know how, but Bobbie could cum like crazy. He flooded me with his sticky load.

After Bobbie finished up he got off of my chest. Todd then pushed my legs forward. He rammed his pecker so deep in me I thought I would pass out. I think I was begging him to take it out, it hurt so badly. Todd had no intention of doing that. 

"I'm going to impregnate that ass of yours," He was yelling at me.

A few more strokes and Todd ploughed into me one last time. I felt him flood my ass with his man love. His balls just kept bouncing off my asscheeks. I thought he would never stop pounding me. Eventually Todd did slow down and I felt him go limp. He pulled out and was kneeling there looking down at me.

"I never felt anything like that before in my life, " Todd said.

I just couldn't move after that. I was all fucked out and so were my friends. I finally was able to get up after some time and I went to get a shower. We split up after that night after we fucked, but Bobbie said he wanted to get together with me sometime soon. I knew Todd and I would have many more sessions of fucking and sucking in the upcoming days and weeks.