 It was just by coincidence really that I bumped into Phil in the street one day. I say coincidence because after he'd almost knocked me over and strived to help me keep my balance, there we were laughing our heads off and he saying "I think I owe you a drink, sorry about that"

He was some big fella to be sure but had a fine stance about him, about the same age as me too, about 30 and I was instantly attracted to him, another coincidence too that he soon let it out that he felt the same about me too, that I had a nifty stance about me and my 5ft 7 height against his lofty 6ft.

"So what do you do in-between being almost knocked down by a clumsy bastard like me?" Phil enquired and I loved that smile. I told him I was a hospital porter and my name was Pete.

"Very glad I did bump into you Pete, my name is Phil and I am into computer graphics" - and then he added quite out of the blue: "but I'm not into anyone else at the moment, what about you, Pete?"

Well that came out of the blue and I never expected that, I mean the way he said it, in a very suggestive and provocative way. I told him as my heart began to double a beat that I had been with a guy until last year and he dumped me for another.

"So was he into you - if you know what I mean. Pete?" he said with that certain cheeky smile so I owned up that he was on several occasions,

"You've been well fucked then and no virgin, I like that."

"You do Phil" I said feeling a flush coming on as his hand toyed with mine on the table as we drank beers.

One thing led to another and before the day was out I was neatly lodged on a comfy settee in his place and talking the latest hit discs.

Inevitably as I had wilfully anticipated he made the first move and his touch was divine, he just gently stroking me over my chino's as we continued to talk pop stars.

"That's nice" Phil said squeezing me as I felt the most wonderful sensation, the way he squeezed me like that.

I lamented in the wonderful feel of his touch begin to massage me through my Chino's , it was divine and it was something I had really missed since Eddy dumped me.

We Didn't have to say much after that, it was a sort of body language that I guess enticed him to unzip me in a very provocative way and it wasn't long before I felt that wonderful sensation of being sucked, gently at first with lots of gentle squeezing and massage as I grew into his warm busy mouth, his fingers stretching me back and his tongue toying with my p-hole, at that time, besides enjoying the rapture of his full time attention to my cock and balls I was hoping he would soon give me the same opportunity for if there was anything more intimate than the actual fucking sensation it was sucking a nice firm flexible cock and looking at Phil's bread basket I could see he was well hung and could not wait to get a first feel of him.

This was going to be some new relationship because, almost as though Phi was reading my carnal thoughts, he changed position prompting me to do likewise until we were both stretched out on his beautiful rich thick pile carpet head to toe and what we were both about to enjoy was heaven on earth.

As he continued to suck me and then explore the contours of my ass, we both having stripped by now, I sniffed him and sensed the scent of cock, I toyed with it for a while to get used to the new feeling, he was much bigger that Eddy but absolutely gorgeous, I stretched his foreskin tight back and heard his moans as I did so, enjoying the feel of bendy cock so warm and supple and so good to feel and touch and squeeze and everything. 

"Suck me, suck me now, let's do it together, Pete" he said with that certain longing tone and how could I resist, not as though I would have anyway, his cock was just asking to be sucked and there was I the lucky guy to so it, I opened my mouth, closed my eyes to enjoy the first taste of cock surging inside my mouth for a along time, and as I started to suck him there it all was again, that indescribable feeling I enjoyed so much, and then being sucked at the same time was a double bonus and I started to think about his fuck inside me.

I guess we must have been enjoying each other orally for a good half hour, it was like my mouth and tongue were numbed in the process of those so wonderful long and exploring deep throat sucks and soon we were sharing the taste of each other in a very sensual and deep French kiss = something Eddy and I never did and which I so very much enjoyed, it was going to be the perfect foreplay for the first feel of his gorgeous cock up my ass and when he asked me if I would like that and I instantly said yes. He was soon to have me bent over, knees wide apart displaying my hind to him full package, and he doing something I enjoyed so much, teasing and rimming my very willing passageway with the tips of his fingers, stretching and stretching wider as he toyed with it inserting his tongue and it gave me the most wonderful divine feeling I just could not wait for his firm hard thick cock thrusting inside me, the full works.

"You are really asking for it, Pete and you have a lovely fuckable ass, I shall make your hole so supple with my sucking you wont need any lubricant by the time I am finished! And he kept to his word, his mouth really doing things to me, his tongue roving everywhere, licking up the inside of my thighs, over my ass cheeks, feeling him nibbling them and then slapping them firmly to make me all the more on heat for the feel of his fuck inside me.

Soon I heard him start to pant and knew he was about to fuck me, he knelt between my thighs and gradually I felt the heat of his cock begin to stroke between my ass cheeks, he jerking it, stroking my hole in a very delightful way which made me perk it out for him, that's all I wanted at that moment, too be all ass for him and receive his deep ripe fucking up inside me.

I'd well and truly felt it, touched and teased it in every way, tasted and sniffed it, a wonderful deep throbbing hard cock it was too as he soon started to insert it into me - at first with gentle thrusts and then, with his hands gripping my buttocks tightly, spreading them apart so he could get good access of me, he urged me to sway and help his passage fully into me and the feeling if that gorgeous length of pure unadulterated cock fucking me up, something I had longed for since we both well cock sucked each other, now it was all happening and how! He fucked me to the core and I felt his spurt cum into me, once, twice and then the third time he quickly came out of me, positioned himself so he was able to jerk and masturbate his heavy cock over my face and I felt the third spurt of his hot cream splash over my face, by which time I guess we were really fucking buddies never, I hope to be parted.

Without hesitation I found myself licking and sucking his fuck dream from my face, and then enjoying another deep cock sucking of him, this time with the garnish of his rich dream as a bonus. I sucked him dry until he was ready to fuck me all over again, first in the mouth and then quickly in my ass, this time he went right up me and no messing, and it felt so right and good inside me, I loved when he paused for a while to let us both feel the throbbing of hard cock inside - and by the time we had finished we felt well exhausted but well and truly well fucked.