 Author's note:

Wow, you guys are amazing! Thank you all so much for the support - I only hope part two will live up to your expectations. Again, your thoughts and suggestions are very much appreciated.

I'm thinking there will be a few more parts of this - please bear with me, I don't have much time to dedicate to writing. In fact almost all of this story was written on my phone on the way to and from work each day - so if you ever see someone furiously typing on the train, looking up nervously from time to time - you never know, it could be me!

~~~~~~~~




It was almost a week later that Ruby invited - fine, it was more like insisted - Aspen come meet her at her building for lunch. She'd gotten a new office, she told him, just six months into the job; a nice big one, though not the corner, with an amazing view he just had to see. "Just come up for a minute," she had told him. "Besides, I didn't get a chance to introduce you to my boss Carrie at the gala. Promise you'll come and make me look good? No jeans, darling."

That had been that. Never mind Aspen's protests that really he had a busy day, and couldn't they meet at the restaurant like they had planned? There was just no arguing.

And so that was how, come Friday around noon, Aspen found himself riding the elevator alone up to the 12th floor of her impossibly slick office building. Even the elevator was ostentatious: gold paneled, with a marble floor and mirrored sides. Aspen was faced at all angles with the sight of himself wearing his one pair of too-tight dress pants, purchased straight out of college and worn perhaps six times total since. He was wearing a button down, too, the deep blue one that Ruby always said brought out his eyes. He'd even tucked it in (though admittedly Ruby had texted to remind him to do so). All in all, he looked like a nervous wreck, he decided as he examined his reflection, brushing an unruly black lock of hair out of his face.

Truthfully, Aspen was a bit of a nervous wreck. Not that he'd necessarily run into that man, of course. Maybe he'd just been a high-rolling guest at a charity event, after all. And yet even the possibility of seeing him again had Aspen's pulse racing.

The night of the gala after he'd been dropped off had been a blur: somehow he'd gotten himself into his apartment, undressed, and into bed, though he didn't remember a moment of it. He'd woken twelve full hours later with a splitting headache and a throbbing erection.

If that night felt like it'd happened in fast forward, the rest of the week, by contrast, was excruciatingly slow. Everything took Aspen twice as long: he'd be typing out an article steadily and suddenly, wham, he'd be hit by the memory of the man's golden eyes locked with his, and there went his concentration. Or he'd be chopping vegetables and out of nowhere he'd start imagining what those broad shoulders would look like out of the perfectly tailored tux. He thought they'd probably look bitable. He'd left the vegetables half-chopped and hopped immediately into a ice cold shower.

He'd taken more than a few of those in the past week, because he absolutely refused to touch himself while thinking of a complete stranger--a male stranger at that, even if he was the most attractive human Aspen had ever seen, of either sex.

He'd been avoiding Ruby, too. It was easy enough to do; they worked nearly opposite hours during the week and Ruby lived on the other side of town. But Ruby knew his column's deadline was 9 am Friday to run in the Sunday paper, and he wouldn't get edits back until late afternoon, so the lunch date was impossible to wriggle out of. Just the thought of sitting across from Ruby in her favorite posh restaurant, listening to her tell him about her day, caused Aspen's stomach to churn with guilt.

Aspen was so lost in thought that when the elevator door dinged open on the sixth floor he walked right out - and right into a group of men in suits entering the elevator.

"Oh, sorry, wrong fl--" Aspen started. The words died on his tongue, though, because the man leading the group - the man Aspen had just knocked into - was over six feet of golden muscle. And he was grinning like the cat that caught the canary.

Aspen stepped out of the way mutely. Even if he thought he could trust his voice, he didn't think he could speak without saying something really very idiotic. Like, who are you? or possibly can I take off your pants?

One of the men - Aspen thought he recognized him from Saturday's gala - pressed the button for the fifteenth floor. The others made loud jokes about some upcoming golf expedition. None of them spared Aspen a glance. The golden man wasn't facing Aspen but he could see his face in a mirrored panel, and he was watching Aspen intently while still responding to the men ribbing him for some missed shot last time they were on the greens. When the man laughed, deep and warm, Aspen felt a bolt of something red hot shoot right to his groin. He felt glued to his spot in the corner of the elevator.

It was a relief when the elevator door swung open on twelve - or it was, until Aspen heard the man tell the others, "I'll catch up with you in the conference room. I want to grab the O'Grady files from my office."

These words caused Aspen to jolt forwards. Maybe if he walked quickly enough he'd avoid any interaction and he really thought that was best given the circumstances. 

Except he didn't know where he was going, with Ruby's new office. And the secretary at the front of the floor was glaring at him with a no-nonsense look. He slowed as he approached.

"Hi, can you point me towards Ruby Santiago's office, please?" Aspen asked, trying to smile at the woman. The secretary, a middle aged woman with hair pulled severely back from her face, glared at him for a moment longer before turning to her desktop without responding.

"Don't worry about it, Millie, I'm on my way back there myself and can show Aspen here the way," came from behind him. Shit. So much for avoidance. As Millie fell all over herself in gratitude (what was it about this man?), he casually put a hand on Aspen's back. He was barely touching him and yet Aspen was hyper aware of the fingertips just brushing over him, like a promise. He shuddered, hardly perceptible, but he thought he felt the man's gaze shift to him. "It's just this way, if you'll come with me."

Oh god. Aspen didn't even want to think about the implications of that statement. 

"Yeah, sure," Aspen muttered, keeping his eyes down. "Thanks."

Aspen stayed behind the man as he led him through a winding maze of cubicles toward a line of offices. Not that he was looking, but Jesus Christ that tailor deserved a medal for the way the man's pants fit his muscular ass. Ruby, Aspen reminded himself furiously. You're here to see Ruby.

He was still admonishing himself when he realized the man had come to a halt outside a closed door. Aspen just stopped himself from walking into the man, who turned around just in time to catch Aspen's arm as he stumbled slightly.

"Rather clumsy, aren't you?" The man was, again, clearly amused. Aspen flushed, feeling like more of a fool than ever. 

"No actually, I'm not," he snapped. The man hadn't released his arm. In fact, his thumb had begun to just lightly rub across the sensitive skin of his inner forearm. Aspen's pique fled right out of him; that featherlight touch was driving him crazy and he couldn't think. "It's only when you're around--"

"Glad to know," the man cut him off, and Aspen made the mistake of meeting his gaze, "that I have such an effect on you." He was almost purring. Oh god.

"Um." Aspen couldn't look away; he was trapped in those tawny depths. "Could you - I mean, is this - where's Ruby's office?" He tried valiantly.

"Are you....sure you want to walk over there right now?" There was no mistaking it: the man's voice had become downright husky. That trademark grin was nowhere to be found--he was watching Aspen with raw hunger.

"Of course," Aspen breathed, although he had sort of forgotten the question. "Oh - yes, we have lunch plans and I told her..."

"That's not what I meant," the man said, and the smirk slid right back into place. "I meant, do you really want to walk over there right now?" He flicked a glance down. Bemused, Aspen did the same.

Oh god. Do I really have an erection in the middle of a cubicle farm? He groaned.

"Come on, in here," the man said, smirk now a full fledged grin. He was enjoying this, Aspen reflected as the man pulled him into the office at which they'd stopped.

After the man had pulled the door shut behind them, there was a pause. Dear god, this is so embarrassing.

"Really? I'm not embarrassed at all," the man winked at him. Aspen groaned again as he realized he'd spoken out loud.

In a flash, before Aspen knew what was happening, he was being pinned against the door. For a minute the man just held him there, looking him up and down as though he were famished. He bent closer, so that they were cheek to cheek, taking his time now that he had Aspen where he wanted him. The man brought one hand up to cup Aspen's face; the other was resting at his hip, keeping him pressed to the door. When he leaned in even further to kiss Aspen (steal his lips, more like, for his mouth on Aspen's felt distinctly possessive) he could feel the other man's equally hard cock pressed against his. He didn't understand why he felt like he was drowning.

When the man finally pulled away, both were nearly breathless. "Let's just see," the man panted, "if I can't help fix your, ah, little problem here."

The hand that had been tracing Aspen's jawline began skating a path down his body: Aspen felt frozen in place as he felt fingers brush his neck, his collarbone, the planes of his chest and finally, oh god just lightly, so lightly, against the front of his pants.

"It's not - gah - little," Aspen didn't even know how he was speaking. All other control of his body had been sacrificed--his hips were bucking forward, head lolling back against the door, as he lost himself in the feeling of those hands, strong and large and powerful on him.

"So I'm noticing," the man said between playful bites to his neck, pausing to lick his way up to an earlobe.

"And you're not exactly - helping," he gritted out.

The man stilled. Aspen gave a little moan of displeasure at this, pushing himself closer into the man's touch, and felt the man grin. "No, I'm not, am I?"

Shoving Aspen back, the man buried his face in his neck once more as he began working on Aspen's belt buckle. Aspen whimpered just a little as he worked the zipper down, just those thin layers of fabric keeping him from the man's hot touch, and he wanted - it was torture, he needed - "Please," he pleaded, and then the man had his pants shoved down to mid thigh, boxers with them, his fist immediately wrapping around Aspen's achingly hard length as both men groaned in mingled relief and urgency.

His grip was firm but he was stroking Aspen so slowly, so goddamn slowly, and when Aspen thrust his hips forward the man just returned his other hand to Aspen's hips to pin him back against the door. "Please," Aspen begged again, and thank god, thank fucking god, the man was becoming more forceful now, faster too, his fist twisting up and down Aspen's length and the friction was unbearable - Aspen's mouth was just open and his eyes were shuttering closed when the man again halted his actions, though he didn't move away.

"Look at me," he rasped, and Aspen didn't even think about it, just opened his eyes to find that perfect face inches from his own, and eyes blazing with golden fire. 

"You have no idea," the man nearly growled, resuming his stroking, "how much I want you naked underneath me right now."

Aspen thought he might have let out some strange sound, but he was entirely consumed by the intensity in the man's stare: his entire world was blue crashing into that green-gold.

"But this," the man added, "will have to do. For now."

With that he released his hold on Aspen's cock--but before he could protest, the man had dropped to his knees with a feline grace.

A large hand circled the base of Aspen's cock. He couldn't think. His breath was coming out in sharp little bursts. The man's fine stubble was was scraping pleasurably against his skin, enflaming him as the man nuzzled into his groin, nipping gently at the juncture of Aspen's inner thigh. One of Aspen's hands was clenched beside him and the other one was somehow moving to thread into the man's thick gold hair. The man smirked up at him as he pulled back to press his closed lips to Aspen's tip--his cock was already dripping and the sight alone made it twitch. 

When the man's tongue, wide and pink, flashed out to lave the head Aspen nearly collapsed--his legs were water as the man hummed what seemed to be his approval. Eagerly now he wrapped his lips around Aspen's length, immediately diving down on him almost right to the base, and Aspen cried out and thrashed against the man's hold on him. Almost at once the man pulled back completely, smacking his lips appreciatively.

"You taste fucking amazing," the man told him lowly, his hot breath on Aspen's wet cock causing Aspen to spasm and attempt to force his head back into place. After teasing Aspen for just a moment by keeping his lips firmly sealed, he gave in, hot tongue swirling expertly down his length until again he had him entirely embedded in his throat. He sucked him powerfully and the whole time his eyes never left Aspen's face, as if memorizing it.

Aspen didn't know how much more he could take. It had never been like this before. His whole life was between his legs right now, everything reduced to the wet heat surrounding him, the hands that had moved to cup Aspen's ass. When the man pulled back and pushed his legs just a bit apart to nibble softly on his heavy balls he thought for sure he would die right then.

It was just as the man had taken his cock once more down to the root, Aspen squirming against him, that, like some horrible dream, he heard it: two distinct knocks on the very door he was pressed against.

Aspen froze. The man did not, sucking more ferociously if anything, pulling back to kiss at the head almost feverishly, and when Aspen gained his senses enough to try to use the hand buried in his hair to pull him away the man only growled, "No," and returned to circle his tongue forcefully along the underside of Aspen's sensitive cockhead, gold eyes heavy lidded with lust, reddened mouth obscenely stretched around him, and it was with this image burned into his retinas that Aspen threw his head back, vision blackening, holding back a scream, and came harder than ever before in his life.

He could feel the man cleaning him carefully with the flat of his tongue, but he couldn't move, couldn't even look down, though his grip on the man's head had slackened. He was trembling and when he felt the man rise, releasing his hold on Aspen for just a moment, he was sure he would fall apart. Almost instantly the man was pressing him back again, more gentle this time, kissing his lips, still frozen slightly parted in pleasure. His hands were pulling Aspen's pants up, tucking him in, zipping him up, smoothing up his chest. The two knocks came again and the man pulled away to say loudly, voice only slightly hoarse, "Just a moment."

Aspen just looked at him. He knew he should be horrified, mortified - and yet he was still languid from release, drugged by the scent of the man around him. He almost didn't register what was happening as the man pulled him further into the office, away from the door; put him in a chair and patted down his hair like a child. When the man took a step back, Aspen couldn't help but admire his fine form with something like awe. It was only as the man started towards the door that Aspen jolted into awareness.

"Wait!" he said, half rising from the chair. The man paused, turning back to him. "What about you?"

The man's face, which he had schooled into a neutral face, split into a wide grin. Those gold eyes were glittering again. "Not that I don't appreciate the offer, but do you really think that now's the time?"

"I--didn't mean that! I mean, not that I--" Aspen could feel his face warming and wasn't sure if it was from embarrassment or the sudden ardent desire to have the man's golden cock in his mouth, bury his face in his crotch and surround himself with that masculine scent--Aspen took a deep breath. "I meant, what about the massive tent you have going on?"

Nonplussed, the man looked down at the very prominent bulge in his designer slacks. "Shit."

Aspen had a mad urge to laugh. And then jump on him.

"Look, I'll just have to sit behind my desk, and you answer the door. We can say we were discussing your column on Vitatech, we were thinking of acquiring them last year--"

"You read my column?" Aspen broke in incredulously, but a muffled "Mr. Marsters?" came from behind the door, and without thinking he rose to answer it.

He opened it almost as if in a trance, and was met by Millie's dour face, instantly scowling at the sight of him. She pushed past into the office. "Mr. Marsters? The gentlemen from Terracom are waiting for you upstairs--"

"Oh! Aspen! There you are, darling."

Behind Millie was Ruby, her painted red lips stretched in a wide smile. Aspen tried to lift the corners of his lips up. He wondered what would happen if he just made a run for it, bolted straight out. "Hi, Ruby."

"I was wondering where you were, you're fifteen minutes late! But I see you've met Cary, my boss - he hasn't been boring you to death, now, has he?" This was directed, with an impish grin, over Aspen's shoulder to where the golden man--Cary--now stood, Millie hovering beside him.

Cary...his name is Cary.

Wait, did she say boss?

Cary. Not Carrie. 

"So, darling, ready for lunch?"

Aspen stared, first at Ruby, then back at the man.

"I--" His throat was constricting. "I think I'm going to be sick."

With that, he pushed past a shocked Ruby and made a beeline for the men's room.

~~~

Five minutes later he was standing over the marble sink with its fancy burnished taps, face dripping with water. He hadn't actually been sick, but it'd been a close call, and he still felt his stomach roiling. Luckily he'd spotted the sign for men's room just across the hall - so not too many of Ruby's colleagues had been privy to his humiliating exit.

What the fuck is wrong with me?

The door swung open and Aspen tensed, watching in the mirror as the golden man--Cary--pushed it closed behind him, locking it with a latch Aspen had noticed but felt he had no authority to touch.

"Hey," the man said, rather sheepishly. Aspen didn't feel this merited a response and continued to stare. "Look, I told Ruby I'd come check on you in here, she's taking over for me upstairs."

Again Aspen had no response. What the hell was he supposed to say? Great, shall we pick up where we left off? warred with Stay the hell away from me. He examined his hands, gripping the edge of the sink.

"I told her I'd have Nelson take you home." A pause. "I'm hoping you'll let me come along. To talk," he added as Aspen's head swiveled up.

"Talk about what?" The question shot out of Aspen's mouth before he could even think about it. Your habit of molesting me in semi-public places? My inability to form full sentences around you? The fact that I just had the all-time best sexual experience of my life with my girlfriend's male boss, and neither of us was even naked for it?
