 I was returning home from spring break. Some friends hurriedly dropped me off at the bus station in the middle of northern New Jersey, anxious to get back to the party they just left. I was a little drunk and stoned, and realized, after checking the posted bus schedule in the semi-darkness, that I really screwed up. The bus wasn't due for another two hours.

Not much to do here for the next two hours, I thought as I paced around in front of the building. I rounded the corner and was startled to find a man standing at the side of the building. In my surprise I said hello and asked him if he was waiting for the bus too. To my relief, he spoke in a friendly tone, explaining that he made a mistake on the schedule too, and introduced himself as John. He was much taller than me, and very muscular and somewhat intimidating. Definitely from the other side of the tracks.

We chatted for a while and then he asked me if I wanted to smoke some pot with him. I said sure and we sat down on some crates and he fired up a nice sized joint. I felt much more comfortable now.

After giggling and relaxing a bit he suddenly announced that pot made him very horny. He told me that when he was in jail he used to get this one guy stoned and then he would suck his cock for hours. This shocked and scared the hell out of me. I didn't know anyone who had ever been in jail, much less had another guy suck his cock! I was grateful for the darkness as I felt myself blushing from what I just heard. I was still thinking about what he just said when he stood up in front of me and started unzipping his jeans. He reached in and pulled out his cock and said "why don't you suck this?" I was in complete shock. His cock was huge, and it wasn't even hard. My first thought was that I couldn't imagine anyone being able to get something that size in their mouth. He stepped closer. I was still sitting on the crate with by back to the wall. I had nowhere to go and no time to think, I just closed my eyes and opened my mouth.

The head of his cock slipped into my mouth without any effort at all. It felt firm, but smooth and soft with a slightly salty taste. I was just as surprised to find myself exploring it with my tongue, swirling it around the head and the silky foreskin. Every little detail of his cock felt wonderful. As I caressed it with my tongue I could feel it get harder in my mouth, somehow encouraging my to do more and more. I could feel my mouth getting wetter and my own cock getting harder by the minute. I started to bob my head automatically, taking a little more of it into my mouth with each stroke. My lips wrapped around the shaft tenderly, wanting more of it, even though it was still getting harder as I sucked. The more it filled my mouth the better I felt; It excited me, calmed me, and fulfilled me all at the same time.

I would never have guessed that sucking another man's cock would be like this! The more I gave in to pleasing it, the more pleasure it returned to me. With every moment it became more natural and effortless. After just a few minutes I was completely relaxed and able to take the whole shaft down my throat until my face was buried in his jeans. The feeling of going from having my lips gently hold the head of his cock to sliding it all the way down my open throat made me feel really good. I actually felt proud of being able to take it all!

By now I had settled into a regular rhythm. All other thoughts, fears, and inhibitions left me. I felt as though I had surrendered myself to his cock. I felt sure that at that moment the only thing that mattered was pleasing, making my mouth the perfect place for it. It seemed to speak to me in a magical way; encouraging me, showing me how much I pleased it with it's ever growing hardness, comforting me and making me feel good about what I was doing. And the head of his cock felt perfect nestled in the back of my throat.

I felt like I could have gone on forever like that, but suddenly he held my head in both his strong hands and pulled his cock out of my mouth. He explained that he wasn't in a hurry, and he wanted me to just look at his cock for a while. Well, I couldn't take my eyes off it! It was magnificent, standing out straight and strong, thick and covered with veins. Foreskin draped beautifully just over the head of his cock. It was mouthwatering, glistening in the dim streetlight.

He unfastened the waistband of his jeans and let them fall. His cock seemed even more magnificent now. His balls were big and heavy, and I was dying to hold them in my hand. He instructed me to touch his cock and balls. I promptly ran my fingers along the shaft, delighted to see it jump with pleasure. I ran my fingers down the sides of his balls but I just couldn't stand having his cock that close to my face and not having my mouth on it. I got down on my knees in front of it and started covering the underside of his shaft with kisses and little licks as I continued to play with his balls. His big heavy balls more than filled my hand, and I tenderly licked and kissed them too. I could feel his cock brush against my face; the heat and mass of it continually reminded me of how good it felt when it filled my mouth. I continued kissing it up and down both sides and rubbing my lips along its length. I loved doing this, but I was feeling an overwhelming desire to suck coming over me.

I positioned myself to take it into my mouth again but he stopped me by putting a hand on top of my head. He started stroking his cock with the other hand so that the tip of it just brushed against my lips. Just fifteen minutes ago he had to stick it in my mouth, now he had to hold me away! He teased me like this for what seemed like forever.

He insisted I tell him how bad I wanted to suck his cock. At first I choked on the words, but when I finally confessed out loud how badly I wanted it back in my mouth it helped me realize just how much I needed it. He called me a cocksucker over and over, the word stung as it echoed in my mind. He was right again, I thought. I was a cocksucker and I needed to please. He told me that he was going to fuck my mouth until he came, but he wanted me to promise him that I would swallow his whole load before he would let me suck him again. He explained that good cocksuckers are always eager to swallow cum.

This had all happened so fast I hadn't even thought about being able to make him cum with my mouth, but just like sucking cock, it seemed completely natural. Once I started thinking about it I couldn't get it out of my head. I did so want to be a good cocksucker. I promised him out loud that I would swallow every drop, although I would have done just about anything to have his glistening cock back in my mouth at that point.

Feeling the head of that cock part my lips, slide down my tongue, and stretch the back of my throat put me right back in a trance with the first stroke. I was thrilled by the way he just took complete control of me. I was reassured by the way he held my head in his hands. It helped me relax and hold my throat wide open for him. He started out really slow, with long deep strokes. I was totally focused on the feeling of his shaft sliding in and out of my throat and his balls slapping against my chin. His cock got harder and harder with every stroke and all I could do was hold it tightly with my lips and do the best I could with my tongue. I wanted so bad for my mouth to be perfect place for his dick. I didn't just want him to com, I wanted him to cum because of the way I was a good cocksucker.

In just a few more strokes I heard him moan as he pulled my head tightly against him. His hips bucked slightly and the swollen head of is cock nestled in the back of my throat. Then it happened. His whole cock twitched and I could feel a huge gush of his cum hit the back of my throat and flow into me. I hungrily gulped and kept sucking until it stopped cumming. That moment was glorious. I felt as if I had been more rewarded for all my efforts!

I wanted to continue sucking, but he suddenly withdrew and flipped his dick into his jeans. I snapped out of my trance when he pointed out that the bus was coming. I was still in a bit of a daze as I stood up and called out, asking him if he was taking this bus. He began walking away, explaining that he only came there to have his cock sucked.

I was still trembling with excitement when I got on the bus. It seemed like the whole thing was a dream, except for the taste of cum in my mouth. I liked being a cocksucker!