 Having lived in this neck of the woods for some time now my good buddy Trevor and I knew every inch of it from the best hunting and fishing spots to the camp sites that the city folk would use for their weekends. We had been lucky so far that those opportunities to get us some fine pussy hadn't been reported to the police and we were still free to get some of what we craved. The last one was some prime cut and we enjoyed taking her in every possible way. We usually didn't let their men folk watch but the last one we did and while he didn't enjoy us fucking his pretty misses, deep down he got a little excited at the show we gave him. 

There was now another opportunity as we had seen the shinny car enter the forest and headed toward a spot down near the river. As we approached from the heavily wooded south we could see them both as they had already set up most of their campsite with the tent already up and a fire started. The man stood just on 6'1 and would have been in his late 50's with grey receding hair and about 160 lbs. He wore a checked woollen shirt and jeans and was starting to go bald on top. Trevor was much bigger and he could more than take care of him. His female friend was much younger and would have been her early 20's. She was about 5'9 tall and a 110 lbs. Her body was slim and sleek like a cat and whilst she didn't have the biggest set of titties was still a hot looking woman. She was dressed in short, denim jean shorts and a tee shirt with white socks and hiking boots. Her long blonde hair sure looked pretty and she wore just enough makeup to highlight her fine young face with pink lipstick covering her slender lips. The man now had a camera in his hand and he was taking pictures of her as she posed for him around the fire. The sun was out and the day was bright as he told her to move to a big rock where he motioned her to sit down.

The camera continued to click away as she smiled at him and exaggerated her poses as she played to the camera. I could feel my cock getting hard as I eyed her body and imagined that under her shorts she would have a sweet tasting pussy. My hand pressed my erection through the material of the overalls I was wearing and I was thinking about how I would stick my cock in her young fresh cunt and also looked forward to fucking her pretty mouth. She was still posing for him and he moved closer to her, then his finger motioned for her to take off her shirt as she soon complied with his wishes. Under it was a tiny white lace bra with just a hint of hardened nipples showing. I reckoned she was about a 32b and again whilst not to my particular liking I would have enjoyed sucking on her cute nipples. The camera continued to capture the images as he his finger again motioned for her to remove her bra. She reached behind her back and unclipped the clasp holding the straps. As she pulled it off her shoulder, her small and perky titties were now fully exposed. They were indeed tiny, however she had a ring through each of her hardened nipples, which I thought about pulling on them as I fucked her. She would be begging me to stop, as I know that it would cause her some discomfort. 

My cock strained against the material as the guy continued to photograph her and the next thing she would remove would be her shorts. She again worked to the camera as she unclipped the button on her shorts and then pulled the zipper down. She slipped her fingers into the waistband and pushed them down over her hips and thighs, past her knees and then to her ankles until they reached the ground where she stepped out of them. The white lace panties matched the bra she wore and they would be the last thing to remove. She turned away from the camera and provocatively started to lower them. I watched as she pushed them down and I wondered if she was either shaved or nicely trimmed and her bottom was so white and soft and again my cock strained at the thought of it sliding between the tight cheeks as I butt fucked her. She pulled each foot free of the soft lace material and then turned to the camera.

I stood stunned and silent as there before me was what I thought was a woman who should have a cutely trimmed or shaved pussy, but instead was a small baby penis. Then it hit me that we had infact come across some fag and his boy or girlfriend out for some gay fun. I continued to watch as she modelled for him placing her hands behind her head as she continued to gaze into the camera lens. She or it moved in his direction and was now on her knees between his legs with his crutch just slightly higher than it's mouth. Her tiny hands reached up and unzipped his zipper, as she slid her hand inside his jeans and pulled his cock free. I wanted to leave or put a stop to their sick public display but I was fascinated at what was happening. I wasn't no gay I told myself but if I hadn't seen it then I would have thought that she was a woman. Trevor didn't care in which or who's hole he stuck his cock but for me I had only ever fucked pussy. Whilst I was repulsed at any thought of being with a guy, I seemed to be now interested in what was taking place before me.

The older one continued to click away with the camera as his young lovers hand gripped the cock before him and he stroked it long and slow, pushing and pulling the excess skin of his foreskin over the head of the older mans cock. He moved his head closer and his pink lips parted as his tongue slipped over them and now licked the large head of the cock in his hand. I was fixed to the spot as my own hand slide inside my overalls and I began to masturbate as I imagined standing there having the young thing service my rock hard cock. I wanted to feel his tongue run over the head and down the underside of my cock shaft just he was doing to this old bastard. The old man moved his hand behind the younger ones head and he pulled his mouth further onto his cock. I watched as it disappeared down the young lover's throat and he seemed to be doing it easily. The guy's balls soon rested on his chin as he began to pull his head back and forth as the young mouth now fucked his cock. Saliva dripped from the edge of his cock filled mouth drooling down his chin and onto his tiny chest, as he now needed no help in sucking him. He appeared to be a very experienced cocksucker as he continued to stimulate the cock buried deep in his mouth as he used his free hand to massage the guy's balls.

I was so turned on, as my cock was rock hard and I could feel the precum as it leaked from my rod, which was being pulled in rhythm to the cock sucking that was being enacted before me. I pulled myself thinking about my cock buried deep in his young throat and it should be me, standing there. I wanted him so badly and I would have him before he would feel the taste of the old guys cum.

I moved forward and pointed the gun at the two of them. I could see the scared look on the young mans face as he now realised that a stranger had joined the two of them. The old man froze with his eyes firmly fixed on the barrel of my hunting rifle. I knew that Trevor would soon be there and that he would take care of the old man. 

"Don't do nothing stupid." I told them.

"Please what do you want," the old man stammered.

"Why that's a dumb fucking question."

"I been watching your young play thing here sucking your cock."

"And I thought that I might try a piece of that for myself."

I looked down at the young man who was still kneeling there on the ground.

"What about it?"

"You think you might be up to some more cocksucking?"

The young man's eyes blinked as he looked up at me and I watched as he crawled to where I stood. I held my protection in one hand while at the same time my free hand undid the clasps on my overalls and at the same time keep the old guy at a distance. My overalls fell to the ground and not wearing anything under them made it easy for my cock to be free. His young eyes were now firmly fixed on my monster as the fingers of his right hand wrapped themselves around its thickness. His head moved closer and I soon felt his tongue touch the head of my cock as he used it to lick the large mushroom shaped head. My cock felt as if it was about to bust as he licked down the undershaft then used his lips to massage the veins running along the shaft. The stranger watched intently and I could see that he was not happy having his lover lick and suck this strangers cock

Trevor returned and the old man didn't see his coming as he grabbed his wrists, pulling them behind his back where he secured them with rope. The young man continued to lick and suck my cock as Trevor pushed his captive to the ground.

He was ready for some action of his own as after removing his own overalls, he undid the old mans jeans and pulled them from his body. Using a knife, Trevor cut the guys boxers from his body and then spread his butt cheeks. I watched as Trevor spat into the palm of his hand and applied the saliva to his cock. He manoeuvred himself between the old mans open legs and steered his cock toward the old guys anal opening. There was some resistance as Trevor roughly penetrated his arse. Once inside him he immediately began to fuck his prey as he thrust in and out of him. The oldman winced with each shove of Trevor's cock as he now started to pound his arse. The sight of him being fucked and the feeling of my new lovers mouth on my cock almost sent me over the top. I wanted my cock inside him but not in front of the other two. I grabbed the young mans wrist and pulled him to his feet, then dragged him toward the tent. I opened the tent flap and pushed him inside as he fell to the floor and I now joined him.

The sleeping bags were laid out like some huge bed and I squatted down and lay on them, pulling my new lover with me. He didn't need any coaxing as he moved between my legs and immediately again took my cock in his mouth. His tongue licked my shaft and then made its way to my swollen balls. My hands moved to his head as I pushed it into my crutch. His tongue slipped between my legs as he now started to lick the entrance to my anal opening. My body tingled as his tongue continued to probe entry to my shit hole. He was becoming the best head I had ever had, as he was better than any woman who had sucked my cock before today. I looked over his head and there was a gap in the opening of the tent entrance where I could see Trevor continue to fuck his new friend. The guy's face was contorted as his arse was being plugged with some real man cock and he wasn't enjoying the experience. I on the other hand was enjoying what my new friend was doing to me and was so engrossed that I no longer thought of it as being depraved.

He continued to work hard on my cock as he turned his body 90degrees and when he placed his leg over my body I was now looking directly at his small penis, which hung limp at my mouth. He pushed his hips down and his penis brushed my lips. I was caught up in the moment and I opened my mouth and let his cock slide over my lips and into the wetness of my oral opening, where I began to return the favour. It tasted sweet from a mixture of perfume and powder that he wore. My actions were now turning him on as he sucked and licked me even harder. He slowly began to thrust his hips back and forth and he was soon fucking my mouth. I wasn't a fag I continued to tell myself as we lay in a 69 position and we were providing each other with mutual stimulation. There would however be no way that I was going to let him cum in my mouth, for after all this bitch was for my pleasure and not his. My cock was at bursting point as he continued to suck me. He had lubricated one of his long slender fingers and began to insert in into my rectum. It was well inside me almost to the knuckle and while giving me some discomfort, when it touched my prostate it would almost make me shoot my load.

I wanted to cum and he continued to finger my arse as he sucked me long and with such expertise. I watched as his head would almost leave my cock, then move back down until it disappeared into his throat. No woman had deep throated me like he could and I was letting him do it all. I used my mouth to stimulate him and could taste the precum, which oozed from his cock head. His penis was tiny and I now realised that he may have been undergoing transformation into being a woman. I wanted him and I wanted him now

I pushed my new lover's face from my cock shaft and watched as a long sliver of saliva dripped from his mouth onto it. I guided him into position on his back on the sleeping bags and then moved between his legs. He knew that I wanted to stick my cock in tight little hole and he also knew as he gripped his legs just below his knees and stretched them wide. There before me now was the opening to his tight little man pussy and it was ready for the taking. My cock twitched as I manoeuvred it toward his brown opening and I felt him tense as the head of it touched the entrance. I slowly pushed it forward and there was some resistance as I continued to push into him and soon found that his opening was beginning to open up and allow my cock entry. He arched his back as I again and again pressed my cock home. His anal canal gripped my cockshaft and it felt so fucking hot as it squeezed more blood into my shaft. He began to whimper as he was being impaled on my monster, which was invading his most intimate opening.

It was now completely inside and while I didn't want it to hurt the other voice told me to fuck my little bitch real good. I knew that this would not be so enjoyable for him until it had stretched enough to accommodate my prick as I started to fuck his cute hole and my cock moved back and forth into him. His facial expression changed to a more painful look, however he was letting me know that he was there for my pleasure. My balls soon slapped his buttocks as I started to pound his tight man pussy. His hands pressed against my chest as he looked deep into my eyes. He was beautiful and I was no longer in control as my mouth moved to his, where I kissed him roughly as I fucked him. His mouth tasted sweet and I could smell his perfume. I wanted him and wanted him bad. In the distance I could hear Trevor start to work his captive harder as he was close to cumming. I too wanted to shoot my load into this tight butt that at one time I would never have even thought about. I could feel my rhythm increase and could feel my cock begin to swell for I would be soon feel my cock deliver its stuff.

"Oh fuck yeah, " I hissed as I was to the point of no return.

"Yeah fuck baby you so fucking tight."

"Gonna."

"Gonna cum real soon."

In an instant and with one last thrust my cock exploded in him. I continued to push and pull my cock in and out of him, where with each shove I could feel my cock shoot load after load of cum.

" Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh Fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkk," I screamed, as I couldn't stop. I wanted it inside him and he was now a willing candidate. His mouth smiled, as he was pleased that I was enjoying my first male to male contact. I didn't want it to stop as I felt my cock begin to soften.

I lay on top of him for what seemed like hours as I came down. This should never have happened only it did. As I pulled out I glanced down and saw that my cock was covered with the pinkish liquid, a mixture of his blood and my cum. I realised that I was his and he was my first and it all seemed so strange. Throughout it all he hadn't spoken a word, that there was much of a chance for him to do so with my cock in his mouth. As I pulled myself too my feet, so did he and we walked out to gather his things. He grabbed his pack and would join us as we left the camp. Trevor cut his guy free while, I took mine with me to a future of more enjoyable man to man contacts.