 "Okay, no problem, see you when I get back," I said into the phone before hanging up, glad my boss -- who'd been on the other line -- couldn't see me shaking my head or the face I'd been making. He was sending me out of town for a couple of days, and I knew my wife wasn't going to be happy about it -- she'd made plans for us to go camping, and I dreaded having to tell her that we'd have to change our plans.

It turned I was right, she wasn't the least bit happy about moving our camping trip. She loves to be outdoors on the river, and I can't blame her, as I do to. I made it up to her that night, pulling out all of the stops when we were in bed until she collapsed into a sweaty, spent, exhausted slumber. She was still smiling the next morning when she kissed me out the door, so I was pretty happy too.

My trip was going to take me about 4 hours away by car, and I'd be gone for a couple of days. I stopped to get a coffee and a pastry when I was about an hour or so down the road, and started checking emails. After I checked my work and home e-mails, I decided I'd check my "private" one -- the one my wife doesn't know about.

There was nothing new there but some spam, that I quickly deleted without opening. As I scrolled through the inbox, though, I saw the last one from him and a thought hit me. I opened it up and hit "reply", typing "Hey man, I'm gonna be in a hotel an hour or so away from you tonight and tomorrow night, if you're available and interested," before I hit "send".

The "him" in question was Len, a guy who'd read one of my sex story submissions on a website and liked it well enough to send me some feedback. From there, we'd e-mailed back and forth a number of times, each one getting more and more graphic as to what we'd like to do with and to each other. 

Like me, Len was married, and his wife didn't know about his bisexuality. Unlike me, Len was black and tended to be dominant with other guys; I, on the other hand, am white, and tend to be submissive when I'm with another guy. We both are masculine guys with similar interests -- both personally and sexually. To say we hit it off electronically was an understatement.

I got back in the car and took off, wondering what, if any, response I would get. I really wanted to hook up with him, and let my mind wander to what that might be like, all the while not really expecting a response.

When I arrived at my destination, I opened the email and saw he'd replied. "You're in luck, bud! I'm off work the next couple of days, and wife is working double shifts tonight and tomorrow, so I can cum play!" 

I was floored, but my cock immediately got semi-hard, my mouth started to water, and my asshole clenched. Based on the pics he'd sent me, I was finally going to get to see and taste and feel that sweet, large, black cock in person!

My fingers were shaking as I typed in response, "Oh goddam I can't wait! As soon as I'm done here and headed to my hotel, I'll let you know!" I went in to the business I'd come to visit, but my mind was nowhere near selling anything -- it was on what that dominant black man was going to do to and with me that night.

Finally, though, the workday was over and as soon as I got in the car I sent him an e-mail with the name of the hotel and the address, and he sent me one back almost immediately with his cell number. I sent him a text message that just said "hi", and he responded with one that said he'd be there in an hour, and he'd let me know when he was in the lobby.

I checked in as quickly as I could, wondering if the desk clerk knew he was checking in a guy who was going to be a black man's fucktoy that night. But, I really didn't care, because that's what I wanted to be.

I got to my room and put my stuff away, taking the time to pull the lube and condoms out of my bag and put them on the nightstand, and called the wife to tell her I'd made it while I was peeling off my clothes. As soon as we got off the phone I jumped in the shower and got myself good and clean, taking care to get my ass as clean as I could get it.

After I dried off, I debated what to wear, and decided that just a pair of boxers would work, as I wouldn't have them on long, I was sure. I dabbed a bit of cologne on, and sat down to wait. It seemed like only a second had passed when my phone dinged with a text message; it was Len, telling me he was in the lobby.

I sent him back a message with my room number, and stood by the door to wait. It seemed to take forever, but finally there was a knock and I practically jerked the door off its hinges when I opened it.

"Damn bud, I guess you're hungry," he chuckled, stepping in so I could let the door close. He looked almost exactly like his pictures: about 6 feet tall, 220 pounds, stocky but not fat, dark brown skin, short black hair, mustache and goatee. He was wearing shorts, a t-shirt, and tennis shoes, and I could tell by the jutting of his nipples and the outline of his package that he didn't have anything on underneath.

"Starved," I murmured, reaching out to grasp and caress his cock through the silky fabric, my other hand lifting the hem of his shirt to reveal his stomach and chest so I could bend and take one of his nipples in my mouth and suckle gently.

"Oh fuck yes," he moaned, reaching to peel his shirt off and toss it aside while he kicked his shoes off. When his hands reached for the waistband of his shorts, mine met them and stopped him.

I dropped to my knees slowly in front of him, whispering, "please, let me," looking up at him as I grasped his shorts and pulled them down, my head darting forward to catch the head of his still-soft cock as it popped free. I sucked hard as I slid my lips down his now-hardening shaft, my cheeks caving in and my nostrils flaring, my hands on his hips to help steady him as he stepped out of his shorts.

His sweet, black cock felt and tasted just like I imagined it would. It tasted of the soap he'd showered with, along with the slight salt of his sweat and his natural musk. I let my lips and tongue feel and explore every bump and ridge and vein along its length as it grew to its full size, finally too big for me to take all of it easily into my throat, but still working to get as much of it in as I could.

I felt his fingers on my head, just following it as it moved back and forth, slow and steady while I fucked his cock with my mouth, my palms and fingertips moving slowly up and down from his muscular outer thighs to the taut skin of his asscheeks. I pulled my head back slowly after I felt him throbbing, letting his cock rest on my face as I nuzzled his balls and looked up at him around his shaft. "Go lay down for me, please?"

He smiled down at me before he turned, and I stayed there on my knees so I could watch that sexy black ass move across the room, and my mind strayed to how it would look as he was thrusting into me for a moment until he turned back around, his cock jutting out in all of its glory as he laid down on the bed, his legs spread wide.

I stood and pushed my shorts down, my own cock springing free as I moved over to kneel beside the bed. I grasped the base of his cock and started stroking slowly, moaning as I took the head in my lips and suckled gently, my tongue twirling round and round, loving the sound of him moaning as I worked him.

I waited until I felt and tasted his precum start to flow before I let his cock slip from my lips again. Still grasping and stroking it gently, I tilted it back towards his stomach as my head dipped so I could slowly, tenderly, bathe his balls with my tongue, starting right where my hand grasped the base and working my way lower and lower, smiling as I felt him spreading his legs wider and lifting his hips for me.

I inhaled his scent as I pressed my face into the cleft of his ass, my tongue extended fully, searching for and finding his sweet little pucker. I circled around it, over it, gradually letting my tongue stiffen as I worked towards the center, gripping his cock tighter and stroking a little faster as I pushed my tongue inside, tongue-fucking him at the same pace as my hand on his shaft.

"Oh fuck baby," I heard him moan, and the sound of his voice and his choice of word turned me on even more, making my cock harder than I thought possible.

Again I continued this until I felt his pleasure building, and slowly slipped my tongue from his hole and relaxed my grip on his cock, now stroking slow and gentle. I retraced my path of my lips and tongue back up and over his balls, over my hand, along the remainder of his shaft, until I was at the head again. I opened my mouth wide and lowered it until my lips were against my fingers before closing them around him, the salty taste of his precum that coated his cock so delicious.

I moaned with him as I slowly, easily, tenderly worshiped his sweet black cock. My head and hand moving up and down in a steady rhythm, my free hand sliding under my chest to gently cradle and roll his full, heavy balls. Alternating the suction of my mouth -- sometimes tight and taut around him, sometimes so loose that it barely touched him. Just pleasuring him, wanting him to enjoy me as much as I enjoyed him.

I felt him throbbing, both in my grasp and against my tongue, so I let him slip from my mouth again. I still stroked him slow and gentle, but I did it with the head of his cock just barely touching my closed lips, my eyes lifted up to him.

He looked down at me and growled, "You shouldn't tease me like that."

I grinned up at him, still stroking him gradually, and whispered against his cock, "What makes you think I'm teasing you?"

I never even saw him move, he did it so quickly. He sat up and jerked my hand from his cock, his other hand closing around my throat and bringing me to my feet as he stood as well. His lips pressing to my ear in another growl, "Now you're going to get what we both want," before he spun me and pushed me onto the bed, grabbing me and rotating me around so that I was on my back with my head hanging off.

My heart was slamming in my chest -- not in fear, but in absolute arousal. He moved like an animal, and I loved every minute of it. He straddled my face and I felt his hands move to my chest and his fingers close around my nipples, squeezing and twisting until I opened my mouth to scream.

He timed it perfectly, driving his cock into my wide-open lips just as he let go of my nipples, the scream buried as I worked to suck him when his hips started to rock. He leaned forward, fucking my mouth, his hands planted on the bed on either side of my hips. My nostrils flared and I struggled to breath between his balls bouncing against my nose.

"That's it bitch, take that cock," I heard him say, and I doubled my efforts to suck him, to service him, to worship him even from my awkward position. "But you better not cum until I do," I barely heard before I felt one of his rough, warm hands close tightly around my cock, stroking it even faster than he fucked my face.

I knew I wouldn't last long being used like this, or from his handling of my meat, and I whined around his cock as I struggled to hold off. He was grunting every time the head of his cock pushed into the back of my throat, and his precum flowed like a river over my tongue as it swirled around him, wanting to get him off before I exploded.

I finally couldn't take it any more as the pleasures all got too much -- being used as his fucktoy, the taste and feel of his cock in my mouth and throat, the sensations of his hand stroking me fast and hard. I spasmed, crying out around his cock as my orgasm ripped through me, jerking again and again, my cum erupting all over my stomach and his hand.

He moved again so quickly I couldn't keep up, jerking his cock from my mouth and taking me by the throat again, using it to lift me even as the last of my cum oozed out of me. He stood me up to face him and grasped the head of his cock and drug it through the cum coating my belly before he spun me around and bent me over the edge of the bed, moving until his feet were just outside of mine.

"I hope you're ready for this, bitch," he murmured as I felt him squirt lube down the crack of my ass and line his cock up with my hole.

I just barely had time to moan a soft, "Oh fuck," before he started pressing forward, the thick pink head of his cock spreading me open gradually until it popped inside. I hoped he'd stop to let me get used to it, but I knew he wouldn't because I had to pay for teasing him and not holding off my cum like I'd been told. I felt his hands on my hips pulling me back as he pushed forward, filling me in one long, slow, steady stroke until I felt the fronts of his hips pressing at my asscheeks.

My head dropped to the comforter and my arms splayed out at my sides as I felt his grip tighten on me, holding my ass in place for him to use as he saw fit. And use it he did -- he started power-fucking me right from the start, pounding his thick black meat into me again and again, taking and using and owning me, grunting with exertion every time his cock bottomed out in me and his balls bounced against mine, me grunting with pain/pleasure at the same time.

We both stopped when we heard my phone ringing, both of us covered in sweat and gasping for breath. I looked back and saw him pick it up off of the nightstand and look at the screen. "Who's Tina," he said.

"My wife," I gasped back at him, "But I'll talk to her later. Please, please finish."

I heard him chuckle as he pulled his hips back until the ridge at the base of the head of his cock tugged gently at the inside of my asshole. I saw him toss my phone to the bed beside my head, and felt his hands grip my hips tight again.

"Answer it."