 This is the story of my 2nd guy I had sex with. To read about my first, please look up my first story, "My First Guy: Cherry Busting".

-----------------------------------------------

It had been 8 years since Gerry and I hooked up. We fucked and sucked each other on and off for about 2 years. Then I moved north 150 miles and we kinda lost touch.

I got married and got a good job. We even became swingers and played around with other couples. I kept my bisexuality to myself and didn't tell my wife. 

After 8 years of my "gay" celibacy, I was really craving cock. The small town that we lived in was not known for its gay night life and the closest gay bar was about 60 miles away. 

I tried to use my wife's vibrators on myself with mild success. Once I even tried to blow a drunken hitch hiker, but he was way too trashed and he couldn't get it up no matter how I sucked his dick and balls. 

I finally got my chance when the company I worked for sent out of town. It was a 3 day trip and I knew from the moment my boss told me I was going that I would be taking advantage of that time to get reacquainted with another mans cock.

I arrived into town, checked into the motel, and called my wife letting her know I made it in okay. I then went to an adult bookstore that I had passed, and bought a local lifestyle mag. 

In it was an ad from a guy with his phone #. He described him self as 32 years, 6'3 with a swimmers build, and black hair. He further described himself as having a 7 inch cock, being very oral and a "top". I called him and we chatted for a few minutes. He agreed to meet with me. Not having anything to eat yet, we agreed meet at a coffee shop and have dinner. 

His name was Mike. I swear the guy looked like Freddy Mercury! We chatted for a while and he asked me back to his house. Looking at my watch and seeing it only 8:30, I said sure. 

I followed him home. There he made me a drink; we both sat on his couch we talked awhile more. He asked if I wanted to watch some porn. I said sure. He sat right next to me and as we watch one man give another man a blow job, Mike started to rub my cock threw my jeans. I returned the favor. We looked at each other and the clothing started to come off. 

He had an awesome looking dick and I wanted to taste it so I sat him down on one side the couch and laid down with my face in his lap and sucked him. As I did so, Mike rubbed the back on my neck, back and the crack of my ass. I parted my legs more vey time his fingers touched my crack. Mike was really good and hard. Sensing what I really wanted, Mike asked if I wanted him to fuck me in the ass. Taking my mouth off his cock, all I could say was "please do". 

Mike got up went to his bedroom and came back with ky jelly a condom and a sheet. He had me lay on the floor after spreading the sheet down. That's when he went to town on my ass! 

He licked my asshole for along time, then lubed up a finger with the ky and eased it into my ass hole. God, did it feel good. He played with my ass adding more ky as he needed. When he thought I was lubed up enough, it he pulled my ass up so I was in "doggie position" and got his big cock in position and entered slowly. The pain was almost more than I could bear. But he took it real slow and I relaxed. He got into a really good rhythm after a good 10 minutes. I stopped him and grabbed a pillow off the couch. I laid on my back side, put the pillow under my ass and grabbed my legs and spread them. Mike took his cue and reentered me. 

As he fucked me, I felt one of Mike's hands kneading the excess ky onto my cock and balls . He couldn't take much more. He was able to keep it going for about another 5 minutes by stopping and restarting. My mind was lost in a haze of pleasure. Mike really started to speed up then pulled his dick out of my ass and slid the condom off. He shot his load all over my chest, belly and cock. The warm fluid felt great as it ran over the top of my body. 

I then started to really jack myself off and came shooting up in the air and onto my body as well, mixing my sperm with his. 

He placed his cock up against mine and we milked both of them of all the cum. 

With it getting around midnight, Mike offered to have me stay the night. I was tempted. I really wanted to have another shot with him in the morning, but I had an early morning meeting that I couldn't miss. I got dressed, and was ready to leave when I looked down at Mike's lonely cock peaking out of his bath robe. I meant to only bend down to kiss it goodnight as a joke, but I ended up wrapping my mouth around it again. After about 15 minutes of trying, he finally exploded in my mouth. With that done, we kissed goodnight and I went back to my motel room. The car seat reminded me of how sore my ass was after a couple miles of driving, but all that did was put a smile of satisfaction on my face.

I never saw Mike again, but the flood gates opened for me. There would not be another 8 year drought again and volunteered for ever out of town detail that my company had.