 This is a true story of my 1st experience with another man while away on a business trip. Names only have been changed for privacy...

***

I'm 32 years old married with kids and have been straight all my life - up to now. My curiosity about experiencing with other men started years ago because of watching porn. I was initially into lesbian porn, then threesomes FFM, then one day I watched a "lesbian" shemales porn which surprisingly turned me on. Finally, i was watching more shemale porn than straight porn. 

For years I did not act on my curiousity or fantasies and I only limited myself to watching porn and/or chatting online with other guys/cds/shemales. I've came close few times to meeting other men but chickened out last minute as I was worried about beeing seen... I really wanted to finally act on my fantasies but was always worried about ruining my family. 

I finally had to travel to California for a business trip, and the minute I was notified at work of my travel requirement, the first thing I thought about was to finally act on my bi-curiosity. I was somewhat comfortable acting far away from home as it's a lot less risky of getting caught. 

I returned home that night and I downloaded a gay/bi dating app and started chatting with different online users about my trip and what I was looking for. I was mainly into feminine guys. I remember chatting with over 20 guys which most of them were weird or not safe or into drugs. So many guys were asking for barebacking which as a newbie surprised me. I still believe it's too risky to bb with a stranger. I've had other guys that were into hard drugs and just wanted to meet me so I buy their next "hit" which was a big turnoff for me...

I was down to chatting with 2-3 guys which were somehow normal but 2 were much older (in their 50s) which is not what I was looking for as a first experience. The 3rd and last guy was feminine, clean and respectful... exactly what I was looking for. We chatted for over 2 weeks and we even spoke once (phone) and got very excited to meet him on the 2nd day of my arrival. 

I was planned to remain in CA for 2 weeks (including weekend) and was staying downtown in a high end hotel (Hilton). I arrived on saturday afternoon, and I had sunday for myself - and had to start working on Monday.

I was planned to meet my friend there on Sunday night as he was working saturday afternoon and Sunday morning. 

The minute I got to my room, I took a shower and got myself ready to go out at night. I was close to they gay area there and I felt like I was on a mission and wanted to go out to see what happens. I felt like being so away from away, I can freely go enjoy a night out at a gay bar/club without worrying about meeting someone I know. 

I remember walking inside the club/bar - my heart was beating at a record rate and was very worried-scared for a reason that I still ignore. I sat on the bar and had few drinks. Many people approached me during the night and had many advances but I was informing them that I was straight and not into the gay scene... Most people that approached me were not my type. I really wanted my first experience to be with someone I like/fancy.

I have to admit, it was very weird being in that club. You see scenes and things happening that you never see in a straight bar. 

Anyway, I stayed there till almost 2am, and had too many drinks and had people sitting next to me flirting with me; one guy even put his hand on my crotch under the bar counter but I removed his hand quickly. I have to admit he turned me on but I was too tired and drunk and just wanted to go back to my room to get some sleep. 

I woke up next morning at 9:30 am and had to go eat breakfast quickly as they close at 10am. My room was booked on the 26th floor which comes with special/lounge complementary breakfast on the 25th floor. Access to this lounge was limited to the rooms on the 25th and 26th floor. I took a shower and got there last minute around 9:50; no one was in there except 1 employee who was waiting to close the lounge in 10 minutes. I asked him if I was too late and he replied by saying no I still have 10 minutes and "for someone like me, he is willing to work a bit of overtime". 

It was the first time in my life, other than the previous night at the gay bar, that a man flirts so obviously with me. He was in his mid 20s, blonde with almost no hair on his body, skinny, and exactly my type. 

Honestly, I was shy and did not answer him, as I didn't know what to say. Anyway, I filled up my plate with eggs, bacon and bread and started eating when he suddenly brings me a cup of orange juice and sits on my table holding his own cup of juice. He told me I hope you don't mind joining you as you're my last client today. I smiled and I said no on the contrary, I enjoy talking to people rather than staying by myself.

I continued eating breakfast and we chatted a bit, I explained to him the reason of my trip and told him that I am married with kids and he told me he was 23 years old - recent college graduate and that he's been working for the hotel for over 2 years and currently looking for his 1st professional job. He stated he was single and he winked at me. It was clear to me from the way he was dressed, his perfume and the way he talks that he was gay. We sat there for almost 45 minutes wayyyy after I finished eating my small breakfast and he mentioned to me that he is done for the day as he started his shift - early around 5 am - and was free for the afternoon if I was interested in a tour in the city. 

I was really hesitant and not sure to answer him as I was not expecting him to invite me to spend more time with him. I answer yes as I did not want to be rude/arrogant but explained to him that I have to be back around 6pm as I have an important meeting with a friend I know. 

So while he was closing the lounge, I told him I need to get ready as I was not dressed properly to go out, so I asked him where do we meet. He quickly answered no worries that I can take my time to get dressed and he will wait for me outside my room. So I took the stairs and he followed me to the 26th. I opened the door and I told him to come in, you really do not need to wait outside as I need like 10-15 minutes to get ready. 

He came in and sat on the bed as the TV was on, while I was getting ready (shoes, shirt, jeans etc...) 

I was pretty much ready when I wanted to go next to my bed to get my perfume and my watch, while I was passing in front of him, he caught my hand and pulled me towards him on the bed. I was pretty much on top of him and I looked at him straight in his eyes and I saw the lust in his eyes. We looked at each others for few seconds and he then said "I'm all yours if you are interested". I was really not expecting this to happen, so I told him I was not into guys and I was married. 

He then looked at me and said if you weren't into men why are you still on top of me and staring at me. 

That's when I personally said that it will be now or never and I leaned down on him and started making out with him. I started with light kisses on his lips until he opened his mouth and started making out with me and using and pushing his tongue in my mouth. 

I told him it was my first time, and he had to take it slow with me. We kissed for a very long time and his lips were so soft and he smelled really good. He took off my shirt first and started kissing my body. He then removed my jeans and put his hand on my crotch and started teasing me while I still had my underwear on. I then removed his shirt and pants, he was very feminine with almost no hair on his body. His body smelled great and was very soft. 

He continued to kiss my body as he lowered himself all the way down and took off my underwear and started playing with my cock. He teased me a bit as he was kissing my body next to my cock and balls and then suddenly he licked my cock and put it in his mouth. He gave me one of the best blowjobs ever. I had to stop him quickly as I did not want to come so quickly. 

He then went back to making out with me, and he saw that I was shaking/nervous and told me to take it easy and slow and that he will not do anything I don't want to do. We kissed for a long time, then I decided to finally experiment and act on my long due fantasy by starting to go down on him. I licked every inch of his body down until I got to his dick. I was staring at it for few seconds before finally starting licking it and finally put it all in my mouth. I started sucking slow as I did not know how to do it and did not want to hurt him with my teeth. I got used to it quickly and accelerated my pace until I saw him really into it and close to cumming. He then put both hands on my head pushing me down to deepthroat him and then he said I'm cumming while he pushed my head further down - I did not have time to think about it as I started feeling him shooting in my mouth and throat. For some reason that I still ignore, I didn't pull out and I just let him keep shooting until his last drop in my mouth while I was looking at his satisfied face and shaking body. I then looked at him and decided to just do it and swallowed it all - it was a bit salty and had a weird/hot sticky texture. I was on a mission to experiment as much as possible while away as I will not have this opportunity every day. He was so satisfied that he took me back in his arms and started making out with me again. He complimented me on being a fast learner by learning how to perform a BJ from the very first minute. 

We kept kissing for like an eternity then he asks me if I'd like to go all the way. I then opened my bag, and took my box of condoms and told him I was ready. He took the condom and put it on my dick and stretched it with his lips over my cock. I asked him if he had lube and he informed me that the condom should be sufficient while winking at me. I was on my back on the bed, then he sat on on my dick and started to put it in. He leaned down to kiss me while I was pushing/trying to penetrate him. In few seconds I was all the way in and he started riding me hard. I asked him to slow down a bit as I don't want to come so fast but he kept going by saying don't worry we have plenty of time for round 2. I came in less than a minute. He then layed down next to me looking at my eyes with complete satisfaction and he said "I hope it was as good as you expected". I told him it was far better and moved forward and kissed him again before we spooned naked and fall asleep next to each other. 

We woke up around 1:30pm and he invited me to take a shower together which was very sensual full of kisses and blowjobs and I even put my cock inside his ass checks (no penetration) as I only play safe. He was really horny but he asked me to go out so we can go take a walk downtown. We got dressed quickly even though we couldn't hold our hands from eachother... 

He asked me if he can have a sleepover at my hotel as he will be working tomorrow am (5am) and would love to sleep here so it's easier for him to show up on time. I happily agreed and I then texted my other friend by cancelling him. 

We walked downtown all afternoon, then we passed by his place and met his roommate, where he picked up his clothes and stuff to stay with me. While he was packing I invited him to stay all 2 weeks with me which he happily agreed and packed a full luggage of all his clothes, shoes etc... 

We came back to my room that night and drank some wine that we got from the market, and he started giving me a sensual massage to help me relax. We had great sex that night where he let me experience in any position I wanted (spoon, doggy, on top, missionary, etc..) and he let me release in his mouth. He swallowed a bit and kept a bit to share with me while kissing me. It was very hot. 

He stayed in my room the full 2 weeks and It was really hard leaving town; We had a full 2 weeks full of sex and love. He even went to drop me at the airport and we kissed and hugged each other before leaving. I was really attached to him after 2 weeks of love making. 

We are still in contact today and I am eagerly waiting for my next trip to see him again.