 We had known each other through a mutual good friend online, and since Dan was gay and me being devoutly bisexual, we figured we had a lot to talk about. So, after talking and even having a couple of "hot chats" online, we found ourselves actually working for the same software company. Looking back, I guess that's not as surprising as it sounds now.

Anyway, so due to some last minute changing in scheduling, Dan and I end up in Chicago, in a very nice hotel, with the whole night ahead of us, and in separate rooms. We both wanted to get together, hell, I think we both KNEW we were going to get together, but didn't want to be overly forward about it.

So, after we flew across the country, shared a cab to the hotel, got settled into our rooms, and had dinner, it looked like all was going to be quiet...I knew I couldn't allow that to happen. I had to find a way to get with Dan...I tried the direct approach, I called his room and simply asked "Do you want to mess around?"! He said "Sure!" and that he'd shower and be right up. I took the opportunity to shower as well and tried to NOT have a constant hardon while waiting for him to arrive.

Finally Dan arrived at my door, me dressed only in pajamas and a smile, and Dan actually in street clothes (he did after all have to make his way through the hallways and elevator). I pointed out to Dan that due to some technical problem I was getting the porno movies for free and suggested that we watch them to set the mood. After all of about 30 seconds, I said "Well, I'm hard!" Dan replied "Oooh, are you?" and with that reached over and covered the bulge in my pj's with his hand. I moaned softly and surrendered myself to his touch. A moment later I said "How about you?" and reached out to fondle his bulge as well. Now we were finally underway, our hands caressing each other and both of us enjoying it.

I couldn't take the teasing for long, and let go of his cock long enough to drop my pants, remove my shirt making me naked before Dan. He took the hint and began undressing as well. Now there we were, two grown guys with raging hardons and horny lust in our eyes! We lied back down and returned to our mutual masturbation. As I got even more excited and began to leak some precum, I realized that if I didn't change things, I would cum into his hand WAY too soon...so having been hungry for a cock for a long time, without saying a word I moved around to facing Dan, placed myself between his legs, and began going down on his beautiful throbbing cock!

I took as much of him into his mouth as I could and gradually, each time my lips moved down his thick shaft, I managed just a bit more until finally each downward stroke found the base of his cock wrapped by my lips. For the next few minutes I kept up the pace, sucking and plunging my mouth all over his beautiful cock until he finally (close to cumming in my mouth, I'm sure) asked if I would like the same thing. Dan and I had talked about deep throating before and so I knew I was in for the best blowjob of my life! I sat up on my knees and Dan moved forward towards me. There were no preliminaries, just Dan moving his mouth straight to my heaven-ward pointing cock head. I moaned as I felt him engulf me. I was doubtful he would be able to take all of it, but within just a few strokes of his mouth up and down my throbbing shaft I was able to feel the warmth of his breath on my pubic hair and his lips almost kissing the based of my cock.

This was too good to be true! Dan would move my cock deep within his mouth and hold it there. I could feel the muscles in his throat massaging the sides of my penis as if milking the cum right out! But I wanted to make this last even longer and, not knowing if we'd get the nerve or opportunity to do this again, I suggested we try a 69. Dan pointed out that lying on our sides was the best way, and he was SO right! In but a moment or two we were on our sides, both cocks and mouths busy pleasuring each other and moans of approval and satisfaction filling the room. I tried to hold out, to make the most of the event, but he was so good I could tell he wasn't interested in teasing me...he wanted me to cum in his mouth and he wanted it FAST! So, thrilled at the prospect of seeing if he would swallow my cum, I gave myself the mental okay and felt the cum rise from my balls and into my cock.

Soon Dan's mouth was filling with my hot load of sperm. Each squirt was magic as I felt his mouth and throat drink it down. As the final shot left my cock, I could feel Dan's cock getting stiffer. I knew he was about to fill my mouth. Being relatively inexperienced with swallowing cum, I moved my mouth off of his cock but continued the pumping with my hand deftly wrapped around him. Pumping him, I was determined to at least try to taste the fresh cum as he shot it from his hard cock. And, finally, I felt the rush of liquid being forced through the thick vein of his cock and lobs of it hitting my arm, face, lips, and cheeks. I opened my mouth wide to try and catch some of the load and managed a little on my tongue. I swallowed it eagerly noticing it tasting much like mine did when I was horny enough to lick my own cum off of my hands and fingers from when I had jerked off a thousand times before.

We lay there, spent, our bodies aligned in ecstasy. I thought we were done for the night...I was wrong.

* * * * *

If you liked this TRUE story and would like to hear more, by (bi?) all means, drop me a line.