 Happy at having made sure to experience something I wasn't sure we'd get to do again, I felt completely spent, and at the time warm and relaxed.

We lay on the bed awhile, watching the adult film that was still playing away on the TV. Then, after a bit, switched it to something else. So there we were, two well hung naked guys, on a bed with the whole night to ourselves. I was so exhilarated, and at the same time so spent, from the whole experience, that I just enjoyed the afterglow of it all.

Dan got off the bed to go into the bathroom and, rather than relieving himself as I expected, he returned with a little bottle of lotion that most hotels provide. He rubbed it between his hands and began to give me a backrub. It was wonderful. I didn't really need one, I was already so relaxed that it was just icing on the cake. Remember, we'd been flying all day and this was just our first night. But I'm no fool, I take a good rubdown when I can get it!

So as I was lying across the foot of the bed, starting mindlessly at the TV, Dan got on top of me, lotioned up his hands, and began to rub my back. It was bliss! Dan's a pretty strong guy and I could feel the strength of him through each movement of his hands. 

I could also feel his cock rubbing against my ass as he moved above me. I just lied there, my cock growing harder with each movement as it rubbed against the soft sheets of the bed. Dan's intense ministrations continued as he melted away any resistance I had to anything he could suggest we do. And as I felt his cock rubbing against the valley between the cheeks of my butt, I had a lot of new ideas...new to me, anyway. But, for now, it didn't go farther than that. If he had suggested fucking my ass, I probably would have let him try. I've always been afraid that would hurt, but I was so relaxed and willing at that point, I don't think it would have.

Finally, after some small talk, Dan confessed it was probably time for him to go back to his room. In retrospect, I should have thought to have him spend the night in my bed, but for some stupid reason, I let him go.

But, before he did, he said he just had to say good night properly to what he called "your beautiful cock". 

And with that, he began caressing my cock and balls with his hand. I moaned softly and positioned myself to allow him full and complete access to all I had. It wasn't long at all before I was on my side, just as before, with Dan moving his mouth along the length of my cock. He positioned himself so that his cock returned to my favorite position, close to my mouth and right in front of my face. This time, Dan made it clear, was for me though. All I had to do was to sit back and enjoy it. But it was too exciting! I couldn't not enjoy his meat as he was enjoying mine! So I reached out to his shaft and began stroking it. I knew Dan can be a quick cum when he's excited, and I knew that it would take him a bit to get me to cum again as it always takes me longer the second time. So I started slowly with his cock and lingered on every movement and caress I made to him.

With his tongue moving along the length of my shaft, I was in heaven! And it wasn't long before his mouth returned to its enveloping of my cock...taking me deep down into his throat where his muscles there seemed to almost milk the cum right out!

There we were, just as before, in a wonderful 69 with both of us sucking away on a good hard cock. This time, however, we were able to do a little more exploring...the rush to squirt our load had given way to the desire to savor and enjoy every moment.

With each movement of his tongue against my shaft which was so warm in his mouth I felt myself moving closer to cumming. And as I felt Dan moving his body against mine, fucking my mouth, I knew he was getting ready to unload as well. 

As we continued, I got to that wonderful point where you know you just have to cum. Dan knew I was there and began sucking my cock in earnest. He got stronger in his movements and my mind went from having his cock in my mouth, to shooting another mighty load into his. Then, moments later, it was happening! Once again I was enjoying the feeling of unloading a warm gift of cum into his eager mouth and throat. Dan took every drop and held my cock in his mouth sucking and milking every bit out.

I now wanted badly to return the favor. And no sooner had I finished one of the strongest orgasms of my life, then he began his. I felt his cock stiffen in my mouth and prepared myself for his gift. Licking his cock with my tongue inside my mouth I all but begged him to cum. And soon I was rewarded with a nice lob hitting the roof of my mouth and more shooting forth with each pump of his luscious cock. I too, as he had done with my meat, held him in and enjoyed the feeling of his hot shaft resting between my lips.

Spent, yet again, we lay there, moving only to get even more comfortable until finally Dan got dressed and returned to his room. Why I didn't think to have him spend the night I don't know. BUT, that was just the end of our FIRST night on the trip...we had 4 more to go...