 It's funny some days you get up and nothing seems right from the get go. No matter what you do on those days nothing seems to go right. I don't' care what you call days like that, I know we all have them but lately it seems I have been having a stream of them. My job sucks my boss and co-workers are idiots. Some time at work I feel like I'm in an episode of the Twilight Zone. I mean I keep expecting to hear Rod Serlings voice in the back ground with that eerie music playing. My marriage is ok I guess maybe a little stale but it is comfortable. What do you expect after twenty plus years. I mean what is there nothing new to talk about with some one you have been with for that long. Don't get me wrong I really do love my wife and to be honest I'm not interested in any other woman. I don't know maybe I'm too lazy to go out and look for something strange. 

Lately though it seems the only thing I look forward to at the end of my day is my time on the net. I don't waste my time cruising the porn sites let's face it you seen one pair of boobs you have seen them all and after awhile all porn seems that way. What I really like to do is meet new and interesting people. Ok people who are interesting to me. Usually these are just people who can hold there own in an adult conversation about adult topics. I know what your thinking and it really is not that kind of conversation. I actually spend very little time talking about sex with other people. What I usually end up talking about is just normal everyday stuff like current affairs, hobbies, and activities we may have in common. 

A few months ago I started talking with a guy named Bob. I met him in a political chat room it was a slow night and as usual all of the liberals were having a cow over the Republicans and Bush. It was really bad in that all they wanted to say was impeach Bush; Bush was a crook so on and so on. He and I started a side conversation of our own discussing foreign policy, which carried over into instant messenger. Over the next few days we talked about what each of us likes to do for fun what our hobbies were, our wives, kids, and jobs. 

A Few weeks later we were talking about sex as to what we like to do with our wives and what we would like to do. You know the kind of stuff if you brought it up with her she would immediately pick up the phone and either call and attorney for divorce or to make an appointment for you to see a therapist. It was then that he admitted to me that he was bisexual. I knew he wasn't hitting on me. We lived 500 miles from each other. So I did feel a little secure and stayed in the conversation. 

After about 30 minutes into the topic I started to ask him questions like, when did he start doing this with other men? How did he start and just to be a smart ass did his wife know? He said he started early, experimenting with his friends. When he was in college he and a friend got drunk one night listening to music in the dorm room and his friend brought out a bag of dope and they rolled a joint and smoked a couple of them and they ended up blowing each other. He said after that they would meet on a regular basis just to relieve the tension. He told me he met his wife in college at a mixer and that she and his friend got along with each other. One night while he and his wife was in the throws of sex his friend stopped by his room with his bag of dope. He let him in and they smoked a couple with his then future wife. 

After about a couple of hours they finished what we were doing and he left to go watch the football game at the bar. He told me that when his friend left he and his wife went back to what they were doing and it was then that she asked him if he would like to invite him for a threesome. Without thinking I immediately typed what did you say? He replied back that they actually talked about it and discussed all possibilities as to what could happen. To his surprise she was actually open to sexual contact between him and his friend. Oh my god I thought I really couldn't think of a response to type to that my fingers froze on the keyboard. Then I typed you ever do the threesome? He replied back yeah and that was how his wife found out he was bi he was really scared before it started and it was really awkward when his friend showed up. 

Things loosened up after a couple of joints and a few beers and everyone had a great time. They had a few more meeting with his friend after that he met a girl who he eventually married. He said the two women never got along. His friend's wife was the jealous type and never got along with him or his wife so they decided to let the relationship die after college. He than asked me if I ever did anything with a guy? I just stared at the question. I kept thinking should I lie? Or should I tell the truth? After thinking about it for about three minutes. I told him about when my friend and I. When we were growing up and we would do a little experimentation. He asked what that meant and I told him we started by jacking off together which led to us jacking each other off which lead to us giving the other blow jobs. 

We stopped because I went off to college and met my wife during my sophomore year. After college I moved to a different town and we lost track of each other. Then he started to ask me questions like did we make each other come? Did I like it? Have I ever think about doing it again? I answered yes to all the questions then he asked if we swallowed and I said yes. It was getting late that night so I signed off and never gave our conversation a second thought. We kept chatting over the next few weeks and yes occasionally we even talked about sex, all kinds of sex but we mostly talked about our kids, family and hobbies.

Last week I came home from a real stressful day at work. Our boss was in rare form that day. He was on every ones case to work harder sale more. He was like a dog with a bone; he just could not let stuff go. I was looking forward to a couple of beers and some quiet time on the net when I walked in to the house. That did not happen. When I walked in to the living room my wife Sue was sitting on the couch with a small stack of printed papers on the coffee table. She looked at me and said we need to talk. 

"About what I." I said.

"Yesterday on Oprah they had a security specialist on and he said women should go and check their husbands computer for viruses and such," she said.

I knew where this was going because Sue had always been insecure about her appearance, I replied, "There is no need for you to do that I take care of it myself."

She looked at me a little puzzled as if she was wondering what to say next then she said. "I was concerned so I took it upon my self to look for you and I found these instant messages archived in your computer could you explain them to me?"

I took the pile of papers and leafed through them. They were all conversations with my out of state friend. I really didn't see anything wrong with them. I looked at her strait in the eye and said, "There is nothing to explain here if you have any questions go ahead and ask." 

Now she had a real pissed look on her face then with anger she said, "You're evading the question here why don't you come clean?"

Now I was getting pissed. It had been a real long day at work and the two bozos I work for were in prime form. All I wanted to do was eat supper and relax a little before bed. Here my wife was picking a fight with me over who knows what. With a tinge of pissed anger in my voice I stated, "I have know idea what you are talking about if you have some questions just spit it out. Second I'm the one who should be pissed here, we have covered this topic before. I don't go through your shit and your personal correspondence. If I have any questions about your activities I will ask. All I ask you do the same as far as I'm concerned" I got up and went to my office and closed the door. I really was not in the mood for an argument. With in a few minutes my online friend signed on and we began talking I told him about the conversation my wife and I just had and he paused at the keyboard for a minute and then he typed, "Did she have all of our conversations printed out?"

I typed back, "Yes I think so. Why?"

"She might be concerned about your comments about my bisexual activity and you're past experiences," he typed. 

"What do you mean?" I typed. 

"You told me you had played with your friends and that you liked doing it and in away you would do it again if the circumstances were right," he typed 

"I did?" I typed on the keyboard.

"Go back and check your message archive and see for your self," he typed.

I looked up the message archive and quickly skimmed all of our conversations. Oh shit I thought with out thinking I typed, "Oh shit what do I do now?"

He typed back, "You need to talk to her and don't deny anything but you need to reassure her that you have not been unfaithful to her and that you have no intensions to be unfaithful." 

Then I heard a knock on my office door, I knew it was my wife I said, "Come on in." 

She opened the door and entered my office and said, "Your not running away from this conversation we need to talk."

I typed, "She just came in to my office I'll get back to you."

My friend typed back, "Tell me what you two talked about when you're through."

I turned and looked at her and said, "What exactly do we need to talk about? I don't have a clue what you want me to say or do. You kept saying to me come clean. Come clean about what? All I'm doing here is chatting with a friend."

She stood there thinking about what to say next, I swear I could here the gears turning in her head, finally she said, "Why didn't you tell me you had these feelings?"

What in earth are you talking about? I said in disbelief. Geeze why can't women just spit it out instead of playing these long drawn out games I thought to my self.

"These feelings you have towards other men why didn't you tell me you were attracted to men," she said. 

I froze and I didn't know what to say. I thought very carefully for a couple of minutes then I said, "I have never seen anyone the whole time we have been married. No other woman and no men. To be honest I have not even been looking. Why do you want to talk about this? I asked.

"I came across your conversations with your friend I had no idea you would be interested in this kind of activity. At first I thought you were turning gay. Then I reread the conversations about 4 times and I didn't see any indication of that. Then I thought you had this interest in men because I have gained so much weight and don't look as pretty as I used to." She said. 

"First we have never talked about our past sexual experiences the whole time we have been together I guess the subject never came up. Second the only reason bisexuality came up in my conversations with Bob is because he brought up the subject, Now what do you want to know about me and my "interest" and my past experiences," I flatly stated to her.

"I guess it has come up now, she said. Then she asked, "If you liked doing it so much with your friend from home why didn't you continue in college and why didn't you do anything after we met?" She asked.

To be honest I really couldn't think of anything to say at this point. I didn't know where she was going with this conversation so I decided to keep my mouth shut for the moment.

Then she said, "Why won't you talk to me about this. Can't you see how concerned I am? How am I supposed to know how this is going to affect our marriage?"

I thought for a minute then I looked strait at her and said, "Like I told you before I have never been with any one else during the past 25 years I think we have a good life together maybe we have been in a rut for a long time. I just figured that is how life supposed to be. As for why I haven't done anything with a guy since I left for college I guess it is because that was the first time I was ever away from home for any extended length of time and I just did not find any one interesting who I would like to play with. By the way the reason we have never talked about this before is because I learned from an early age that most woman would not like any man who would do this with another man. They look at them as less than a man or as a man who is not really masculine. Before we continue this conversation your going to have to tell me what you think of men who do this?"

She looked away from me and then at the floor then she looked like she was going to leave the room. Then I said to her, "You started this conversation now your going to finish it. I'm going to ask you again what do you think of men who like to do this with other men?"

She replied, "I never gave it a second thought till one day at work Diane and I were talking about our kids and she told me she caught her son sucking a friend of his. I asked her what she did or say and she said all she did was watch. She said she felt bad because it turned her on so much and for some reason she felt guilty and dirty for watching. I asked her if she ever talked to him about it and she said yes she did, after her husband and her talked about it. She said he didn't see anything wrong with it."

I asked my wife, "Did you ask her if she asked her husband if he ever did that with a friend?"

She replied, "Yes I did she said that he used to do it all the time before they met and it was something he really liked to do but gave it up after they got serious about each other. What she said next really floored me in that she asked her husband if he would do it again if she thought it was ok. He said yes then she asked him if she could watch and he said he thought that would be so hot." 

What did they do them? Did they meet some one who would do this with them? I asked.

"Well yeah she told me she was surprised how easy it was although I don't think I would want to go about it the way they did." Sue said.

"What did they do?" I asked.

"She told me they went to one of the adult book stores in town. She said they always heard stories about what goes on in the video arcades so they decided to give it a try. She said they were walking around when a guy motioned for them to come into his booth. They entered the booth and the guy was standing there with his pants down to his knees with his hard on sticking out. She said she saw her husband staring at it. She whispered in his ear for him to get on his knees and suck him off. Her husband went right to his knees and stuck the stranger's dick right in his mouth. She said he held himself steady with his left hand while he jacked the man's hard on with his right hand while he bobbed his head up and down on the shaft. It seemed like in no time at all she watched as the stranger had a orgasm spurting come in her husband's mouth and he swallowed every bit of it. When they got home they both talked to their son and they told him it was ok with them if he wanted to do this under the condition that he does not hide his activities from them and if he entertains at their home he has to keep his bedroom door open.

"Your kidding it's that easy I had no idea. Has he done it since?" I asked

According to her, he has some times with her and sometimes without her. I asked her what she thought of that? She told me she doesn't mind and it has changed her husband since he started doing this with other guys in that it has made him a lot easier to live with. He is more easy going and not as moody as he was before." 

"Your have to be kidding? That is the strangest thing I have ever heard. How long have they been doing this? I asked Sue.

"According to Diane they have been doing this for about 6 months She then asked me if you have ever done anything like? I told her I didn't know for sure but I would highly doubt it then about 6 weeks later I found your conversation with Bob. A day after that I told Diane about your past experiences and she told her husband and he asked her if you would be interested in meeting to find out if you still like it as much as you did as a kid. I told her I didn't know but I would ask the only problem was I really didn't know how to bring it up with out violating your privacy." 

"Thinking about something like this in one thing actually seeing it is something altogether different. Are you sure you would like me to do this?" I asked.

I understand that but I should tell you about what happened at Diane's house a couple of weeks ago. You know I went home with her and we talked some more and her husband had a guy come over. He whispered something in her ear and then they went back to his den. Diane looked at me and asked if I would like to see something interesting. I knew something was up the way she said it and I said sure. We walked back to his den and the door was ajar the two men were both naked the one man was sitting in a chair facing the door and Sue's husband on his knees between his legs sucking the other guys dick. We watched till he made the man come in his mouth and he swallowed it. I got so turned on I had to go in the bathroom and take my panties off and wash myself off. Sue and I talked for a few minutes then I came home horny as hell. Lucky for me you were in the mood that night." my wife said.

"What do you want to do now?" I asked.

"If your interested I would like to talk to Diane and see what she would think of you and her husband playing," Sue said. 

"I don't know," I replied then I said, "I would have to talk to him and her both to see for my self what they think. I hope you understand until now this has all been pretty much in the fantasy stage for me."

Then the instant message alarm went off on my computer it was my out of state friend it read, "you still there?"

Sue looked at that and said, "Are you going to answer that?"

"Do you want me to?" I asked.

"Sure," she said, "Let's see what he would have to say?"

I typed on the computer, "Yeah I'm still here, the wife and I are still talking."

"Everything ok?" he typed back.

"Yeah I think so, she told me she wants me to start sucking cock again. To be honest I don't know where she wants this to end up," I typed.

A couple of seconds later he typed back, "You mean she is not freaked out by what she read in our conversations?"

"Believe me I'm probably more surprised at her reaction than you are I would have never thought she would react that way" was my reply on the keyboard. 

Bob typed back, "What are you going to do now?"

"I don't know ...... she said she knows some one who would be willing to play but I only know them in passing he seems like a nice enough guy and his wife is ok but I have only met them at social occasions." I typed. I continued typing, "You know until this night what we have been talking about was only a fantasy for me maybe even reliving some fond memories. I never thought I would even be able to think realistically of doing this again. On the other hand I don't know if she is telling me the truth about this or not. I have known many men who have had their lives ruined because they trusted their wives one hundred percent only to be betrayed in the end. I think the best course of action would be to play it with extreme caution."

"I hear you there," Bob typed. Then he typed, "Any way you can find out her true feelings on this?"

"I don't know you have any ideas?" I typed. 

"Yeah you could ask her if she would try eating pussy for you?"

I looked at the screen then I looked at my wife and her face turned red from embarrassment. At first I thought she was angry then I realized her true emotion and I asked her, "You have any thing to tell me?"

"Not at this time," she said. 

"How do I truly know how you feel about this?" I asked her.

"You will have to trust me," Sue said. 

"That is easy for you to say," I replied then I continued, "I know quite a few men who were totally honest with their spouse only to end up getting their lives ruined in the end. I have had more than one friend who has gone through a divorce tell me the last person I trust should be my wife." 
