 The next day I woke up like I usually did. Went through my normal morning routine, as I got out of the shower, got dressed. I went to the kitchen to fix my morning meal of bacon, eggs, toast and coffee. I was surprised when Sue walked in to the kitchen, as she normally does not get up this early. She does not need to be at work for at least an hour and a half. She looked at me and asked, "You ok with what you did last night?" 

"Yeah I figure I'm still the same person afterwards as I was before. Although I did get my curiosity satisfied." I replied. 

"Would you still like to do it again?" Sue asked.

"Yeah my mind has not changed on that. What about you have you changed your mind on this activity? Would you like me to stop? I asked her.

"No my mind has not changed, I was just afraid that it some how affected you. I have read that some men who have experienced what you did last night get confused. They start thinking because they have experienced sex with a man they must be gay or some start to have violent angry feelings develop in side of themselves and lash out at the ones close to them." She said.

"Well I'm not gay, being gay is has more to do with who you emotionally bond with than it has to do with sex. As for the violent part you should know better after living with me for twenty five years." 

I looked up at the clock and noticed it was almost time for me to leave for work. I made a quick lunch for my self and kissed Sue good-bye for the day. It was my normal bullshit day at work it seemed at least twice and hour I just kept saying to my self-jeeze why can't these two idiots just run a business. Everything has to be crisis. As for my co-workers, I swear to God if bullets didn't cost so much I would take them out and shoot them myself. I swear I have never seen such a bunch of worthless shits in my life. I just kept telling my self though it's a pay check that pays the bills, it's better to keep you mouth shut and your head down and just get through the day. I was eating my ham sandwich out in my car when my cell phone rang. I took it off my belt and answered it. "Hello," I said in to the receiver.

Hi Honey it's me Sue; I was just wondering how your day was going? Sue asked.

"Same shit just a different day," I replied then I said, "I can't wait till it's over and I can get home and relax."

"Ok I was just wondering if you would mind if I went over to Diane's house for a bit before I come home. Do you think you could fix your self some supper tonight?" 

"Sure no problem," I replied then I asked, "When do you think you will be home?"

"Around eight-thirty nine o'clock," Sue replied 

"I have to cut my lunch off early so I can get back to work," I said.

"Just how long of a lunch are you supposed to get?" Sue asked.

"I'm suppose to get and hour but lately, I have been averaging only 15 minutes and no coffee breaks," I replied.

"No wonder you hate your job so much. You work ten to eleven hours a day with hardly any breaks. How does he keep good help there?" Sue asked.

"He doesn't almost everyone who works here is some one else's reject. I really have to go, I'll see you tonight when you come home," I replied 

The day was finally over and I got back home around 7 o'clock my usual time I threw something simple in the micro wave and flipped on the history channel to watch while I ate my supper. When I was done eating I put my dish in the sink and went to my home office and flipped on my computer and activated yahoo messenger. I noticed my friend Bob was online he messaged me. "Haven't heard from you in a couple of days. Is everything ok?" He asked

I typed back, "Yeah I think so. You won't believe what I did last night."

"What was that?" Bob asked. "I sucked my first cock in 20 years," I typed.

"Your kidding, how did it happen?" Bob typed.

"Sue had her friend come over you know the one I told you about. At first the four of us were discussing the possibility and what I thought of it and if I would do it if I had the opportunity. Then Sue and Diane went in the kitchen and he and I talked about it a little. Sue and Diane returned from the kitchen and John told them what we were talking about and I guess one thing led to another." I typed.

"Wow your kidding, right. Your telling me you not only sucked him off but your wife and his wife watched you do it?" Bob asked.

"Yeah that is pretty much how it happened," I replied.

"Your wife didn't freak out," Bob asked.

"I know it sounds strange but she is the one who encouraged me to do it and man she really enjoyed watching," I replied. I then heard the doorbell and excused my self from our conversation. It was John; I opened the door and invited him in. When he came in he asked, "Is everything ok?"

"Yes," I replied then I asked, "Are you ok with what we did last night? You don't have any regrets do you?" 

"Just one," John said.

"What is that?" I replied.

"I didn't get to return the favor," John said.

"That is easy enough to remedy," I said. Then I continued, 'Just one thing though, I get to suck you first."

"When would you like to do this?" John asked.

I looked at my watch and it read 7:45 then I looked at John and said, "How about right now? Would you like to go in the living room and continue?" I then turned and walked in to the living room. I turned around and reached down and unbuttoned John's pants. I reach down and undid my own pants and pull them off then I took my shirt off. Standing naked in front of John I reach down and pulled his pants down to his ankles as I knelt in front of him. His cock was just inches in front of my face at mouth level still soft and flaccid. I reached up and started to stroke it with my right hand and holding his balls and with my left. John reached down and held my head in both of his hands. I looked up at him and slightly opened my mouth then he pulled my head toward his crotch. His cock went across my lips and into my mouth. I started to suck on it first bobbing my head up and down on the shaft with in a minute he was hard. John then held my head steady in his firm grip and he started to thrust his hard cock in and out of my mouth. Then he asked, "How do you like having a hard cock fuck your mouth?" I just muffled with his cock still in my mouth, "I like it, I like it a lot, don't stop."

Then John said, "You want me to come, you want me to come in your mouth like I did last night?" 

With his cock going in and out of my mouth I again muffled out, "Uh uh."

He started to thrust his cock with more force, picking up the speed. I was doing my best to try and keep up when his grip on my head tightened and he pulled me all the way down on his cock my nose was buried in his pubic hair making it difficult for me to breathe. Then John said, "You want my come in your mouth? Here it comes, I'm going to come, Oh god you made me come so hard in your mouth."

I felt his cock grow even larger in my mouth then it swelled up and started to spew spurts of come in to my mouth I savored the strong salty slightly bitter taste when I decided not to swallow it then. Instead I held it in my mouth. I felt his cock start to deflate in my mouth as I was working the head and crown with my tongue when he shivered from the sensory overload and pulled his cock out of my mouth. I looked up at John and then in two gulps I swallowed his sperm and smiled up at him and asked, "Did you like it as much as I did?"

"Your about to find out," John said. He then went to his knees as I was getting up. I couldn't believe how hard my cock had gotten. No one had touched it yet, all that I had done was suck my friend off and yet here it was for the first time in a long time it was hard as steel. John stroked it a few times then he leaned forward and opened his mouth and went down on my cock. As exited as I was my cock grew even larger in his mouth as he started to go up and down on it, The fact that he was doing two or three different things with it at the same time was really sending me in to over drive. He was bobbing his head up and down while he was sucking while he was working his tongue around the shaft, head, and crown. My cock started to tingle and my balls started to churned I felt the sensation to orgasm build up in me. All of the sudden my whole body became stiff and with out realizing it I reached down and grasp John's head with both of my hands and thrust my cock in to his mouth as far as I could and started to squirt my come in to his throat. My cock went soft in his mouth and he let it fall out. Then he looked up at me and smiled, then John said, "I know you enjoyed that as much as I did. I think we need to talk before we go any further with this."

"I know what you mean," I said. Then I continued, "Let's go and sit down." 

I sat down in my over stuffed chair John sat on the end of the couch. He looked at me and said, "Just where are you at with this activity?"

Looking at him I thought for a minute then I said. "I really don't know what you're getting at. If you're asking me if I'm gay the answer would have to be no. If your asking what I'm expecting to come with all this I would have to say I'm still discovering that my self." Then I asked John, "Could you tell me where you're at with this and what do you expect?"

"I'm just expecting some sexy fun is all maybe a little friendship. The strange thing is lately I can't seem to get enough and Diane well she really likes to watch I think she is getting kinkier in her old age. So I guess it seems my activities are ok with her. The only condition is I don't lie to her about what I do," John said.

"Have you talked to Diane about her doing something with another woman?" I asked John.

"Yes we have talked about that shortly after I started to play with guys. She told me she did have a few experiences in college with her roommates then she said she would like to do it again with another woman. Since then she has found some one she likes to play with on an occasional basis." John said. 

"I wonder if she has talked to Sue about this," I asked.

She has as a matter of fact; they have been talking about this now for a little while as far as I know nothing has happened. It seems Sue's main concern is how you would react if you found out. She was afraid that if you found out she had these desires you would get angry and throw her out." John said.

"I see your point, I also see the need to sit down and talk with Sue to find out how she truly feels about this. If this is something she wants to do with in the bounds of a friendship or even recreation. I wouldn't have a problem with her experimenting a little. On the other hand if this falls in to the realm of lesbian behavior and relationships that would be a totally different thing all together," I replied to John. 

You really don't have a clue as to what Sue thinks about this, do you? John asked.

"No I don't, like I said I will talk to her about it and let her know how I feel and to let her know I will support her in her decision." I replied. I then looked at my watch and noticed it was getting late for me. Then I said, "I have to be up early tomorrow. I should head in off to bed." I said to John. 

He replied, "Your right I have to be up early to. I'll talk to you later. Have a good night." John said. He then pulled up and fastened his pants and I walked him to the front door and let him out. I then went to the bathroom and took my medicine and went to bed. With in minutes I was asleep.

Sue came home about an hour and a half after I went to bed. She tried to be quiet as to not wake me up. I was not sleeping very well that night so I awoke easily when she got on the bed. I rolled over and gave her a kiss then I hugged her. She asked, "Is everything ok?'

I replied, "Now that your home it is. I didn't realize how much I missed you tonight till you got home. The house seemed pretty empty with out you." 

"Really, I'm surprised you would feel that way," Sue replied.

I rolled back over and went back to sleep I awoke when my alarm went off at five a.m. I got up and went to the bathroom and took my morning shower and fixed my breakfast and went to work. 

Work was just one of those days when it finally ended I felt like I had been drug down forty miles of bad rode. The only bright spot of my day is when I saw Sue's cheery smile when I walked in the door. 

"Hi honey glad to see you at home. Supper will be ready in a few minutes," she said.

I sat down at the table and asked, "How was your day?"

Pretty good, I have invited Diane and John over I thought it would be a good idea if we sat down and talked" Sue replied.

"What did you want to talk to them about?" I asked

"Just what has happened in the last couple of day," Sue replied.

"Last night when John was over he told me you and Diane were talking about experimenting with each other. Is that true or is he blowing smoke?" I asked.

"It's pretty much true, I just wanted to know what you thought of it before I let anything happen," Sue said.

"Don't you think it would be pretty hypocritical of me to be against it after what has happened in the last couple of days," I replied.

"You have a point but I have a couple of friends at work whose husbands threw them out of the house for doing this kind of stuff. The poor women lost everything and ended up all alone because their husband didn't understand. I just wanted to make sure your ok with it" Sue said. 

"I guess tonight would be as good as night as any for you and Diane to discuss your options as for me what ever you decide is fine by me," I replied. 

Fifteen minutes later John and Diane rang the front door bell. Sue answered it and let them in. We went in to the living room and sat down. I looked at Sue then Diane and John. What an awkward moment I thought. I was wondering who would break the ice when Sue spoke up and said, "I think Diane and I have something to talk about would you men excuse us while we go and sit in the kitchen for a bit." 

The women got up and went in to the kitchen leaving an awkward silence between John and I. I looked over at him and said the first thing that came into my mind, "Sue told me you and Diane used to go to the local adult book store and do glory holes. What was that like?" 

John looked over at me and said, "It was really awkward at first. I know it was hard for us to believe that such an activity like that could go on out in the open. The first few times we went there we were really shy as to how to initiate any thing. After the first couple of time though it got easier. I know she could not believe I would be willing to get on my knees in such a place and suck some cock. After awhile we decided it would be better if we met some one and maintained a one on one relationship with them." 

"You still go there once in a while though don't you? I asked.

John replied, "I haven't been there in about three months. Not since I hooked up with my two new friends."

"What is it like in a place like that?" I asked.

"There is only one way for you to find out. You have to go and check it out for your self," John said.

"I really don't think I could go in a place like that myself," I replied.

"If you really want to know I'll go with you," John said.

"When could you do this?" I asked.

"Shit, why not now the woman are in the kitchen discussing what ever between them selves, we won't be gone that long," John said.

"Ok, lets tell Sue and Diane were going to go out for a couple of beers and we will be back shortly," I replied.

We went in to the kitchen and told our wives we were going out and would be back in a little bit and left through the back door. John drove us to the bookstore in his car and we parked in the parking lot. The place did not look like the stereotypical adult bookstore you see in the movies in that it was really well organized and clean the people behind the counter looked well groomed and they were friendly. We bought our tokens and headed back to the video arcade. The room was dark with little cubicles set up in rows just like an office building. There were men walking around and milling about. What I thought was strange no one was talking. They were just making furtive glances at one another. We went to the back row against the wall and walked down to about mid isle. John said, "We're lucky its empty now." He opened the door and we went in. I noticed there was a latch on the door and I went to close it and John said, "Leave it alone you might get the full experience tonight." I had no idea what he meant by that but I left the door unlatched anyway. 

We were in the booth a couple of minutes and I was beginning to think we had struck out. To be honest I was also beginning to have second thoughts as to what we were doing there. Then some one entered the booth next to us. From the sound it sounded like a couple she was talking to him and John said to me, "Wow your first time here and you hit the jack pot."

A minute later we saw a woman's index finger come through the hole indicating she wanted us to come to the glory hole. John said, "Now's your chance stick your cock through the hole." John reached down and unfastened my pants and pulled them partially down. 

Then he said, "Step over to the hole and see what happens." 

He then pushed me over to the hole and a woman's hand reached through and grabbed my cock and pulled it through the hole. While my cock was sticking through the hole I could feel her hand stroking me while she was talking to the person. Then I felt her sticking my cock in her mouth. She gently sucked me for a few seconds. She then stopped and said something to the person in the booth with her and I felt a different pair of hands on my cock stroking me. The hands were bigger, they were stronger and a little more rougher feeling. While this person was stroking me I could hear her voice on the other side of the wall then I felt this person stick my cock in their mouth. He started sucking at first then in an awkward way they started to move it in and out of their mouth. John started to massage my ass; man was I getting turned on the only thing I could think of was how good it was going to be to shoot off in this other person's mouth while they sucked me. I had never seen who was doing this to me I didn't know who they were or what they looked like but he was beginning to make me feel good. John started to squeeze my ass saying to me in a low voice, "C'mon man give it to him, he wants your juice, don't hold back, he really wants your come man, don't hold back."

That sent me over the edge my legs and knees got weak. Causing me to almost fall to the ground. I braced my self against the wall and I could feel my dick get larger in the other persons mouth and then I felt an orgasm build from the small of my back and travel through my body exiting through the end of my cock as I started to pump come into the persons mouth behind the wall. I could hear the woman on the other side of the wall speak but unfortunately I couldn't understand what she was saying but it sounded like she was giving the other person words of encouragement and approval as I filled their mouth with come. My dick went soft in their mouth then I pulled it out to my side of the glory hole. 

John said, "Wow they really did a number on you how was it?" 

"Wow" is all I could say as I pulled my pants up. Then I said, "It really sounded like they got off on it." 

Then John looked towards the glory hole and said. "Would you look at that?"

I then looked at the glory hole and saw a mans cock sticking through it bobbing up and down and John said, "Now's your chance to get the full glory hole experience." 

Then he gently pushed me down to my knees and I was staring at the cock at face level. John then put his hands on the back of my head and pushed me towards the cock as it drew near I opened my mouth and began to suck on it. John then pushed my head towards the wall holding it there. The other man on the other side of the wall started to thrust his dick in and out of my mouth. 
