 Last month Master surprised me by saying that we were going on a trip for the weekend. It had been a year since I had moved in with Master to care for His house, His dog, and to serve as His dog as well. During that year, the only time I left the house was when walking Buster, His dog, and going with Master and Buster to His friend's place for training. I am only permitted to speak as a human during the morning hours, while I prepare breakfast for Him and get Him on His way to work. For days now I have been pestering him each morning for hints as to where we are going, for what, etc. He has been just smiling at me and telling me to be patient. 

So last night I was happy to know we were leaving for our excursion. Master loaded the dog crates for both Buster and myself in the back of the car. He threw his luggage, our food dishes, toys, and food in the back seat and took off in rapid time. I was curious about being without clothes for the weekend, but I have never questioned Master before and certainly wasn't going to this time. We were on the highway for hours. Buster and I both curled up and slept most of the way. Every time I was up on all fours and looking around I would see people in cars near us and wonder if anyone spotted me. I'm pretty sure a couple of truck drivers did. 

Master stopped at an unimproved stop to give Buster and me a chance to relieve ourselves. Since there was no one around, He kept us both on leash while walking us. He even relieved Himself, letting me drink all that gorgeous man piss down before turning back to the car. I used to feel sorry for Master for having such a short dick, but have come to realize that He enjoys life thoroughly, no pity needed. He certainly gives me what I want. His discipline is fair and hard, His piss is hot and frequent, and He very much enjoys giving as well as receiving great head. He laughs sometimes when in 69 position that His training friends probably wouldn't approve of sucking off His human dog. He is a great master, and I would do anything for Him. 

We drove on late into the night. Master stopped at a diner and had dinner while Buster and I ate our dog chow from our bowls in our crates. I still remember fondly the day Master agreed to let me eat the same food as Buster and join the family as the second dog. I feel to this day included like never before. We are loved, needed, respected each for our potential role, and we are happy. Master had to stop again on the side of the road when we were far from town. He let us down (still on our leashes) and led us to a tree just out of sight of the road. After Buster and I had finished, I was again allowed to drink Master's piss. He surprised me by grabbing my ears and saying "OK, now, Spot, get me off! I've been driving all night and my balls are turning blue thinking about this weekend." So I gladly put my tongue in gear and got Him going. Once He was pumping away at my face for just a little bit He threw His head back and roared at the same time He came down my throat. Damn it was good! I set back a little (dog position) and grinned at Him as He buttoned up and straightened his shirt and hair. Looking down, He said "Aw look at you, got a little woody, have you?" And then took His belt off, doubled in in his fist, and slapped my cock a good three or four times! I knew better than to yelp or complain, but I couldn't figure out what I had done wrong. "We get to fix that this weekend. I think you're going to like it a little better. I've been told I will like it a lot better. We'll see. We'll just have to see."

And with that we returned to the car and back to the road. We eventually got to a turnoff which Master took carefully, as if He was there for the first time. He drove the back roads for quite a while before pulling into what looked like a pasture. He got out and opened the cattle gate, drove in, and then closed the gate before proceeding on. Buster and I were thrown around quite a bit until Master came to a final stop. He opened the back gate and let us out of our crates. He pointed to the nearest tree and said "We're home for now. Go do your business." Then as we went to piss on the tree, Master moved his luggage and our food into a little cabin. Then He pulled out our crates and set them up outside the cabin near the door. "Sorry boys, but this weekend you get to stay outside while the big guys get the inside." 

I had never slept outside before. Oh I had slept in a tent with a sleeping bag, and probably underclothes or jammies. But I wasn't at all sure I could roll up in a ball like Buster and just sleep. It was a summer night, though, and not at all cold. So I was a little heartened when I saw Master come our way and put a blanket in each of our crates. Not just the little one that Buster usually gets at home, but a real blanket, good for warmth and comfort. I was happy, and was glad to settle down soon after and nod off to sleep. Master had left to walk to a big house that was uphill some from the cabin. I was used to sleeping with Buster when Master was out for the night. 

The next morning I was ready to get up and do my "human" gig again (you know, breakfast, helping with housework) but found a new lock on my crate. Buster and I were both roaring to piss but were going to have to wait a while, it seemed. We kind of paced and worried around for quite a while before the door to the cabin opened and a big burly guy came out and said "Here we go, then, let's have a piss, shall we?" At that he opened our crates and pointed to the tree: "You know what to do, go do it!" Once we were done, Buster went on sniffing the base of several clumps of clover and I just set back and watched him. The big burly dude turned to me and said "I think your Master wants you in the cabin. I'll see to Buster." I started to stand and he held his hand out to me "No, on all fours. I think this is supposed to be your weekend, Spot."

I found Master in the cabin, standing by the bed. He turned to me and said "Drink up, Spot. Then we have a surprise for you." I was on it in a minute, nothing I like better than to drink an entire load of my Master's morning piss. For morning piss, though, it was a little weak. Sometimes that means He was drinking late. It was good and hot, in any case, and a lot of it. "My buddy Roy is going to need relief as well this weekend. We're going to see what we can do to make some of your dreams come true this weekend. You know what this weekend is, right? It has been a year since I gave you the collar and the dog dish. You know, I did that on a lark. Figured it would be good for a weekend, then we would go on with the employer/servant routine. I had no idea you were going to fall for being my dog. And a good dog you've been, too."

Roy came in just as Master was putting away his dick and rubbing my hair. "He's all yours, Roy. Only I get to watch!" And then Roy just walked up to me and opened his fly. He plopped out a gorgeous dick, surrounded in furry red hair. Without a word he just lifted it a bit towards me and let fly. I was startled but quick enough to get all but the very first spurt of piss. My mouth was on it right away and I was happy to find it was just as hot and fast as Master's. I had barely got it all swallowed when he grabbed my ears and started to plunge. He got hard quick and just kept growing as I tried to get as much of it down as I could. He then eased a little and gave me a little time before he put his hands behind my head and started thrusting slowly, really deep. It was clear he didn't want a little knob job. I have been with big guys before, but not for a long time so I was not ready for him. But I got ready really quick. What a cock! It felt disloyal to be so enamored of a man's cock when my Master was sitting right there on the bed watching. But He has watched before while guests have fucked my mouth and my ass. He gets off on it, and always treats me well. So I let go and really enjoyed getting my face fucked by this Roy fellow. He had all the right moves, and the body to go with it. Hmmm... I wonder if maybe he might be a new member of the family. Boyfriend, maybe?

Unlike Master, Roy came quietly and forcefully. He jammed his cock deep down my throat and said, between his teeth, "Take it, I won't hurt you." And then proceeded to hold me down while he jerked a few times. He rotated my head a couple times before letting me off and then, as I was gasping, said "Yeah, Hell yeah, he'll do!" And at that he left me and went over to join Master on the bed. They started kissing and playing and then Master saw me watching them. He just pointed to the door and I took the hint. They wanted to finish without me. 

They leashed Buster and me to the tree, left us water and chow, and headed to the house. We didn't see them for most of the day. I practiced a little bit with Buster, our new trick "Elbow, Now." is supposed to be a signal to Buster to piss on my elbow when I am laying on my stomach with my elbows out. He gets close most times, but he isn't accurate enough for me to show off our trick yet. We're getting there. The men came down from the house about sundown carrying a package. They came over to me and Master asked "So Spot. In human mode, you have often said that you wished you could give sexual satisfaction without receiving any, right?" And since I wasn't in human mode, did my doggy best to nod frantically, smiling. "So we are going to help you with that. What we have here is a device for insuring you can't get off sexually, at all, for days, maybe months at a time. Now think about this a little bit before answering. Are you sure you want to spend the next day, week, month or more without an orgasm?" I had not considered a device. Mostly I was offering Master a way out of sucking my cock if He was doing it in order to satisfy me and keep me as his houseboy and dog. I have often said I would do anything for Master, now He was offering to do something for me. All I could think of was being aroused all the time and getting to serve Him. So yeah, I nodded wildly, smiled stupidly, jotted around on all fours thinking yeah, yeah! 

Well, the next hour was something. Roy and Master worked and worked to get me fitted with a steel device that keeps my dick from getting hard even when I'm sucking cock. Master has the key and says that I will be released occasionally for cleaning. It did work out fine. Now that I'm shaved down there and wearing steel, I feel entirely different. The first thing I discovered when trying to piss on the tree is that I can't. The only way I can piss now without getting it all over myself is to piss like a bitch. Buster thinks that's funny. He keeps looking at me and coming over to sniff my butt when I'm pissing. Master and Roy think That is funny. 

Oh, yeah – Roy. It turns out Roy is Master's new boyfriend after all. They have been seeing each other for a long time, at parties and club outings. Roy is now going to live with us. Roy is also going to do the breakfast and housework duties in the day. My crate now has a time lock on it. The Men walk us in the back yard in the morning. Roy does breakfast and most of the housework after we have been returned to our crates. Then my time lock opens at 2:00 in the afternoon. I get dressed and take Buster for his excursion to the off leash park. We are always back before 5:00 when my lock sets again. 

Roy really likes fucking Master in the ass, repeatedly. It sure is good seeing Master feeling good in bed. I have been really happy having piss from two Men now, and getting my face fucked several times a week with a huge cock is a fabulous bonus! They were right about abstinence making me hornier. I am always ready for sex now, and will do anything to get it. I'm also getting better at enjoying intimacy without sex. Master sometimes lets me curl up at his knees and just sit with his dick in my mouth for an hour or so as he reads or watches TV. Roy has been training me to lick and chew on his feet. He works on construction crews and has typically smelly feet. So they were overwhelming until I got into the sexual nature of the whole thing. Roy has taken over the weekly cleaning duty for my chastity device. Master showed him the first week how much I like a good spanking, even when I can't get off. So now Roy will pop off the device and clean me up really well and put me back in it. If I manage to get through all that without cumming, Roy gives me a really good spanking. If I screw up and squirt before I get locked up again, I get no piss or cock from him all week. We are going out to the place where Master and I first trained to be a good Master/dog team. Master will introduce Roy to the others and we will spend some time training, they will probably drink a bit, and hopefully someone will plug my face, fuck my ass, and give me a good tanning. Ever had four men in tandem spanking your just fucked ass? Nothing like it. 

I would do anything for Him.