 This story contains scenes of gay incest.

*****

When I got back from the hospital that afternoon, I began making supper. Uncle Cody was out doing chores so I didn't see him until I called him in to eat.

"How's your daddy doing?" he asked as soon as he entered.

"A whole lot better now, I think." I replied, unable to keep from grinning.

"You horny little fucker, I want to hear all about it." he said.

We sat down and I served Uncle Cody, and then launched into my story. When I had finished, Cody was sporting a hard dick and he said, "Damn, I wish I'd been there to watch that."

"You'll get your chance." I said. "Daddy should be released in a short time."

Suddenly, off in the distance and growing closer, we could hear the sound of some especially obnoxious hip-hop music being blared full blast.

"Ah, fuck." Cody said. "I guess all good things come to an end. If I'm not mistaken, that'll be your half-wit brothers returning."

The noise got louder and louder until it almost shook the panes in the kitchen windows, then suddenly silence descended as the motor of the truck was switched off outside.

I could hear my brothers loudly talking to each other and then the sound of their boots as they climbed the back steps and crossed the porch.

I looked up at the doorway and my eldest brother, Steve, stood looking at me. He had grown into a handsome man, looking a lot like daddy. He had the same long rangy body with slim hips and broad shoulders and his tight dirty jeans displayed a well filled crotch.

My other brother, Tony, stepped in behind him. He looked more like my mother's side of the family, blond and fair skinned and not pudgy, just soft looking. He had her pretty face, too.

Steve looked at me, shocked for a moment and then he looked over his shoulder at Tony and said, "Well. Look what the cat dragged in and the kittens wouldn't eat. I declare, our baby brother Miss Andy is gracing us with his presence." He smirked, an ugly expression, then as he looked around the room he said, "And he's been playing Holly Homemaker already. Cooking and cleaning, that's probably all you're good for."

I looked at Cody and held his eyes as I said, "There's still some dinner on the stove if you're hungry."

"Like I'd eat anything you had your filthy hands in." Steve said. "You've probably got some nasty faggot disease, spreading it around."

The two of them entered the room, Tony grinning like an idiot, and emptied their arms onto the counter.

"We brought our own food, pizzas and beer." Steve said. "I would offer you two cocksuckers some, but I don't want you to have it." He made a big show of clearing his throat and spitting into the sink, and then knocked the trash can over so that the litter rolled out onto the floor.

"You're too early, asswipe." he said. "Daddy's not dead yet, there isn't a will and you aren't getting shit as long as I'm around."

Cody sat watching me to see how I'd react.

"I saw daddy at the hospital, today." I said. "He should be good to come home, soon. Too bad about his accident."

Steve had at least enough courtesy to blush and then he said, "Fuck you, you little jerk-off. Why are you even here, nobody wants you."

"Daddy and Uncle Cody might disagree." I said. Cody looked up and smiled at Steve.

"You're all three useless pieces of shit." Steve said. "Just stay out of my way while you're here and you won't get hurt."

They picked up their pizza boxes and six packs and marched down the hall to daddy's room, tracking mud from the yard the whole way and Tony looking over his shoulder at me with that same shit eating grin.

The bedroom door slammed and the sound of both the TV and the radio came blaring from behind it a moment later.

"That went better than I expected." Cody said. "They'll hole up in there with their pizzas, beer and pot until they get restless again and take off. Hopefully, it won't be long."

"They're not going anywhere." I said. "They both need to help out around here while daddy is ill. Afterwards, too."

Cody looked like he was mulling something over in his mind until finally he said, "They really are an evil little pair of shits. Are you sure you want to get into this?"

"I've been in training for ten years for this reunion." I said. "You couldn't stop me if you wanted to."

I got up from the table and walked down the hall to daddy's bedroom door. Being courteous, I knocked before opening it.

Steve and Tony were laying on the bed, dirty boots still on, with an open pizza box between them and each with a beer in their hand watching television.

"Do you want to hear how daddy is doing?" I asked loudly over the noise.

Steve jumped up from the bed, grabbed me by the shoulders and dug his fingers in. I'd been expecting something like that so I tensed my shoulder muscles and I saw a brief look of doubt on his face when he felt the hardness under his fingers. Not getting the reaction he'd expected, he instead pushed me backwards out of the door so that I slammed into the wall across the hall.

"Nobody gives a shit how that old fucker is doing." Steve said. "And the next time you walk in our room, be prepared to suck our dicks before we let you out."

He slammed the door and I walked back down to the kitchen.

"Nice to know that some things never change." I said.

"I warned you." Uncle Cody said.

I smiled, touched that he was concerned.

"You just saw the last missing piece of my plan fall into place." I said. "It's all over but the shouting."

My brothers stayed in daddy's room the rest of the evening. I had already told Cody that I might need his assistance later so I just bided my time, waiting till I felt everything was copasetic.

At around 11 PM, I went outside and walked around the side of the house. Standing outside of daddy's bedroom window you could see the entire room. Directly in front of the window was daddy's bed.

My two brothers were lying on the bed nude with erect cocks watching porn on the TV. It was exactly what I had anticipated.

I went back inside and knocked on Cody's door and when he answered I asked, "Ready to help me with my plan?"

"Just let me get some boots on and I'm good to go." he replied.

I led him outdoors and around to daddy's window and motioned for him to look inside. When he saw what I'd already seen, he looked at me and said, "Yeah, that goes on just about every night they're home since your daddy has been away. I've been out here at all hours looking after the horses and the show never changes except once in a while they jerk each other off."

"Okay, here's what I need you to do." I said as I handed him my phone. "Just rest this on the window sill and record what goes on over the next hour or two. I'm going in there and I don't want you to shut this off until after I've left the room. And don't interrupt, no matter what you see."

"I can do that." he said. "I hope you know what you're doing."

"Every single minute." I replied.

I went back indoors and stripped down to my briefs, then walked down the hall to daddy's room. I knocked at the door and without waiting for a response; I walked in saying, "Could you guys turn that down a little bit?"

As I expected, Steve leapt off of the bed and grabbed me by the arm. He smelled like a ripe mixture of pot and beer and his eyes looked blurred. Using my arm as a handle, he flung me across the room so that I collided with the bed and made a grand show of falling to the floor.

"Don't make me suck your cock." I said, making sure that my back was to the window and my face couldn't be seen.

Steve grinned evilly and said, "You're going to suck my cock and Tony's, too. If you're real lucky, we might even fuck your ass."

He walked over to where I crouched by the bed and lifted me upright by my hair, then ripped my briefs off. When he saw the size of my limp cock he sneered and said, "You disgusting faggot." and slapped my dick. That hurt, so I didn't have to fake a reaction. He grabbed my hair again and threw me down on the bed crosswise over Tony, then grabbed my hair again and pulled my face up in front of Tony's hard cock.

"Suck his dick and make him feel good." he said.

I struggled to get away but he jumped on my back and straddled me while Tony rubbed his cock over my face.

"Suck it and maybe we'll let you go, you little faggot." Tony said.

I made it look like I was struggling again before opening my mouth to the hard dick. Steve yahooed and slapped me across the head when he saw my mouth close around his brother's dick.

"I knew you were a born cocksucker." he said and pushed the back of my head so that the cock in my mouth slid in and out.

Both Tony and Steve had only average sized dicks and I've sucked much bigger but I made a real show of coughing and choking. Both brothers watched and laughed.

"Give me some of those cocksucker lips." Steve said and shifted his body so that he could force his hard cock into my mouth. He continued using my hair to pump my head up and down in his crotch. He actually had a pretty nice dick and if my hair wasn't being pulled, I wouldn't have minded servicing him at all. As it was, the pain of my scalp made my eyes tear up as much as having a dick shoved down my throat did and it soon looked like I was crying.

"Aw, our baby brother is blubbering!" Steve said and slapped me across the head. "You're nothing but a big crybaby faggot. Maybe I'll give you something to really cry about."

He dragged my head back over and forced Tony's cock back into my mouth, and then he crouched behind me and lifted my hips so that I was crouching, too. When I felt the head of his cock sliding up and down in my ass crack, I again made a big show of struggling and trying to get away. He had my legs pinned down and Tony was now gripping my hair, so it looked credible that I couldn't escape from them.

"You're going to love this." Steve said. "Bitches always love my cock."

I felt him spit between my cheeks and then begin pressing his hard dick into my hole. I made a real production of screaming and crying for the camera in the window. Actually, I probably could have ridden his dick without lube; I was used to much bigger. 

He thrust his cock deep into me and began to leisurely fuck my ass.

"I want some of that when you're through." Tony said and they both laughed again.

Tony held my head down on his cock while his brother fucked in and out of my ass. It didn't really take too long until I could feel Steve getting ready to shoot his load.

"You're about to get your ass filled with a real man's cum." he said just as he began to shoot. 

"If he only knew." I thought to myself.

He emptied his balls in a couple of spurts and backed his cock out of my hole.

Grasping a handful of my hair, Steve said, "Your turn in the saddle, little brother."

Tony got up onto his knees and moved around to my ass, then shoved his cock into my just fucked hole. That actually was pretty uncomfortable and I didn't have to put on much of an act for the camera this time.

He began to roughly fuck me, slamming his cock in and out as much to impress his brother as to lose his load. The bed rocked as his hips slammed against my ass and Steve said, "Rip his ass hole open."

He fucked me even harder. This boy had a real future as an ass fucker; he was very good at it.

It didn't take him very long, either, before his ball juice was emptying into my guts. I made sure to turn toward the camera so that it got a good shot of my tear and snot streaked face.

After Tony had finished dumping his load, he roughly jerked his cock out of my ass. Steve pulled me up from the bed, reached down to the floor and grabbed my torn underwear and thrust the wadded cotton between my ass cheeks. 

"Don't drip any of that in here." he said. "It'll stain the rug."

Then, he pushed me out of the bedroom door so that I collided with the hallway wall and slammed the door behind me.

I picked myself up and walked out to where I had left Cody filming.

"Are you alright?" he asked. "Do you need a doctor?"

"I've had dates that were rougher than that." I said. "Did you get it all?"

"From the time they started until just now." he said.

"Perfect. Give me that phone; I've got work to do." I said.

Luckily, my laptop had all of the programs I needed to copy the video to a couple of DVD's and four video sticks. But not before I had added a poignant vignette at the end.

I even managed to get a couple of hours sleep before the dawn woke me up. I got up and showered, anxious to start my day. I made up a parcel and drove downtown to drop it off at daddy's lawyer's office with a note, then drove back home and made a few adjustments to the vehicles parked in the yard. After that, I gathered up all of the keys hanging on the pegboard by the kitchen door and locked them in daddy's office. 

I went into the kitchen and made pancakes, sausages, eggs and toast and put them into the warming oven and then went and woke Cody.

"Breakfast is already made." I told him. "I just need to wake my brothers."

"Good luck in there." he said, sitting up in bed.

"I make my own luck." I answered.

I walked down the hall and opened the door to daddy's room. Both of my brothers were asleep nude on the bed. Steve was lying on his belly and I stopped to appreciate his sculpted little ass. Tony was on his back with a morning piss hard on, a real throbber.

I took the DVD out of my pocket and placed it in the machine, then walked over and nudged Steve's ass with my foot.

"Wake up, fuckfaces; it's a brand new day." I said.

"Make him go away." Tony mumbled.

"If you're not gone in one second I'm going to stomp your ass through the floor." Steve said, eyes still closed.

"But then you'll miss my version of 'Morning Matinee'". I said. "Aren't you curious how your screen test turned out?"

I used the remote control to start the DVD. The sound was an unintelligible murmur because the window had been closed but the pictures spoke for themselves. It started with Steve dragging me into the room and ripping my briefs off.

He had opened one eye to see what I was talking about and when he saw what was on the screen, he turned and sat upright. He shook Tony and pointed to the TV screen. I let it play until the point where Steve was forcing me to suck Tony's cock and then I froze the screen.

"How did you get that?" Steve asked, face red with rage.

"You boys need to learn to close the curtain when you intend to commit rape." I said. "There's no telling who might have left their phone recording on the windowsill."

Steve started to climb off the bed until I said, "Wait, I want to show you the best part. I added this after you all were asleep last night. I hope you don't mind if I fast forward but I guess we already know how this ends, right."

I sped through the video until the end and there was a slight gap, then a shot of me sitting at the kitchen table facing the phone came onscreen. My eyes were flaming red and tears and snot were pouring down my face.

"We're having onion soup at supper, by the way." I told them. "You can't see the big bowl of chopped onions I'm holding on my lap. They sure did the trick, though."

Onscreen, I began speaking.

"I'm making this video in case anything happens to me. If you watched the first part of this disc, then you are aware that my brothers just brutally raped me."

I looked over at my brothers and they were both watching the screen, mouths open.

"I have been subject to sexual abuse by them my entire life. They began forcing me into sex at such an early age I don't even remember beforehand."

I paused the video and Steve turned to me. "We never did! That's a lie and you know it."

"Yeah, and after they see the video, who do you think everyone will believe, me or you two?"

I started the video up again to me saying, "I'm making this video because I'm afraid of what my brothers might do. When I was little, they threatened to kill my mama and daddy if I told on them and I was too little to realize that they couldn't do that. I snapped and fought back when I was ten and after that I didn't spend any time alone with them again." I paused the video again.

"That's a pretty good touch, don't you think?" I said. "Now everyone will have a history for context."

When the video started back up I was saying, "I never told my daddy what my brothers were doing to me and I don't think he ever suspected. I did tell my mother and that's why she refused to see my brothers or let me near them again." I paused the show again.

"That's a damned lie. We wouldn't go near her. She had her little baby and left us to rot." Tony said.

"She knew that neither one of you were worth the poison it would take to kill you." I said. "But whose story do you think will be believed?"

I hit the button to start the video up again.

"I'm only making this video now because I knew the abuse would start up again. This time, they're threatening to kill me and make it look like an accident. I used my phone on the windowsill to film them in action. If you're watching this, then I'm probably already dead. I am going to leave this in a package with my torn underwear at daddy's lawyer's office in the morning and instruct him that he's not to open it unless something bad happens to me. The underwear will have their DNA and my blood on it to prove what happened, along with the filmed proof. I hope the day will never come when anyone has to see this."

The film ended and I turned to my brothers and held up my bandaged finger.

"I think the blood part is genius. Who's going to think I wasn't raped when you made my ass bleed? While you two assholes were getting your beauty sleep, I've already been to town and dropped off my package. Now, get your lazy asses out of bed. There's a lot of work to be done around here."

Tony was just staring at me like he'd seen a ghost but Steve sprang off of the bed and came at me. I easily blocked him, grabbed his arm and swung him so that he wound up hitting the bedroom wall head first. He fell into a heap on the floor and I said as I left, "I told you, it's a brand new day. I let you pick on me yesterday because I wanted you to think you could. Try it again and I'll hand you both your asses on a plate. Don't let your breakfast get cold."

When I got back to the kitchen, Uncle Cody was sitting waiting at the breakfast bar.

"Did I just hear a big crash?" he asked.

"Yeah, Steve accidentally ran head first into the wall. He should be out in a minute, he didn't hit anything vulnerable."

I served Cody his breakfast and a few minutes later Steve and Tony came into the room dressed in the clothes from the day before.

"You can kiss my ass, you little faggot." Steve said. "Tony and I have better things to do." 

He walked over to the pegboard for the truck keys and noticed for the first time that the board was bare.

"Where the fuck are my keys?" he shouted.

"DADDY'S truck keys are in a safe place." I said. "They won't do you any good and you can't hot wire it, anyway. I took off the distributor caps, too."

Turning to Uncle Cody I said, "Do you know, I learned to hot wire a car when I was only 12 years old."

He was looking at me with a half smile and said, "Do tell."

I turned back to my brothers and said, "Here's how it's going to be around here from now on. You two assholes are going to start pulling your own weight. Daddy and Uncle Cody have put me in charge and you dickheads are going to do as I say. First, you're working for wages now. You work, you get paid. You don't, and then you can piss up a rope. You'll find I cancelled your gas and credit cards and your ATM cards, too. Mr. Wilson the bank manager had a good time doing that, he hates the two of you almost as much as I do. So, you get what you earn. Daddy and Uncle Cody have free rein to draw what they want; the three of us get paid. And that reminds me; the three of us will split the food bills and utilities from now on. The business doesn't foot the bills anymore."
