 *This story has a scene of gay incest.*

***

I had just made my weekly grocery purchases and was on my way to my car. It was late afternoon and the sun was beating down and as I exited the store I noticed a boy sitting on the sidewalk, back against the front of the store. He looked to be around 7 or 8, a spindly kid, covered in sweat and with a bowl cut of blond hair.

"Kind of hot to be sitting there, isn't it?" I asked.

"My mom told me to wait right here and if I moved an inch she'd beat the F out of me."

Wanda, one of the regular cashiers, was standing beside the doorway having a smoke break and when I glanced at her she just slightly nodded her head.

"You look pretty toasty." I said to the kid. "Maybe I can do something about that."

I walked over to my car and opened the trunk. There was a stack of newspapers that had accumulated and after loading the groceries in; I picked up a couple of sections of paper. There was an old umbrella in there, too, so I grabbed it. Last, I pulled one of the cans of soda I'd just bought out of my bag.

Loaded with all of that, I walked back over to the kid.

"Sit on these papers." I told him. "That'll give you some insulation. And, hold this umbrella up to block the sun. I've got a soft drink for you but I'm afraid it's diet."

"That's cool." the kid said. "Sugar is bad for my teeth, anyway."

He had just gotten situated and was sipping the cold drink when the supermarket door was flung open.

"What the fuck have I told you about talking to strangers?" a woman yelled.

I looked up just as she came into the sunlight. She was rail thin with pale, bloodless looking skin. She had on a tube top that bared her skinny stomach and a pair of cut off jeans that bared her skinny legs. She had dyed blond hair that needed to be washed and raccoon circles of makeup around her eyes. She came up to us, grabbed the umbrella and flung it across the sidewalk.

"He looked hot sitting here so I tried to help." I said to her.

"Nobody asked you for anything, you fucking faggot." she said. "Keep your fucking nose out of my business or you may lose it."

She grabbed the kid by the hair on the top of his head and lifted him to his feet, then dragged him into the store with her. He couldn't turn to look back but with one hand down at his side he waved goodbye.

I was literally standing with my mouth hanging open and Wanda said, "He's a good little kid.

Unfortunately, I've seen her do worse. Some people ought to be sterilized at birth so they can't breed."

With that, she flicked her cigarette into the gutter and went back to work.

That was my introduction to Timmy and his lovely mother.

On the way home I had to drive past the sheriff's office anyway so I decided to stop by.

He was sitting at a paper covered desk when I walked in and when he glanced up and saw it was me, he said, "Just can't keep you away, can I?"

"No, and I doubt you'd want to." I replied. "But for once I didn't come here to visit your dick. I had a really upsetting experience a few minutes ago. I was coming out of the supermarket and there was this little blond kid..."

That was all I managed to say before the sheriff said, "You're not here to rake me over the coals, too, are you? I thought I could go at least one day without having to hear about Tina Ferguson."

"You know what I was going to tell you." I said.

"In one form or another. That skinny bitch has been a boil on my ass ever since Timmy was born. I've tried having the kid taken away from her but she always gets away with it. Her own parents have tried to get custody twice and the cunt showed up in court looking like a librarian and lied through her teeth. Even though I've locked her up twice for drugs and prostitution, she's gotten out both times and gone and dragged the kid away from her parent's house. "

"Isn't there anything that can be done?" I asked.

"I've tried. The courts don't like to separate a mother and child unless they're absolutely forced to. She can put on a good show when she needs to and the kid is the one who suffers. I've spoken to his teachers; they say the kid's IQ is probably off the charts, one teacher told me he's the smartest kid she's ever taught."

"Can't the school do something?"

"Andy, please, if you knew how much this eats at me you wouldn't be questioning me. I pray every day that that skinny cunt will OD and do us all a favor."

"I'm sorry." I said. "I can imagine how frustrated you must be. Maybe I can stop by tonight and make up for upsetting you."

The sheriff made a mock pouty face and said, "I'm really upset. It may take a lot of work to make me feel better."

"I guarantee when I leave that you'll have a smile on your face."

He sat grinning as I left

.

As I drove home I kept thinking about Timmy Ferguson and his situation.

When I got there, my brother Steve was in the kitchen having a glass of iced tea. His shirt was soaked all of the way through so that it clung to his muscular body.

"You're going to get yourself in trouble walking around like that." I said.

"I can handle trouble." he replied.

I started putting the groceries away and then I asked, "Do you know anything about a woman named Tina Ferguson?"

Steve snorted into his tea and let out a laugh before he said, "You mean the hose bag of my senior class? I don't think there's a guy in the county who doesn't have the same last name as us who hasn't stuck his dick in that."

"The sheriff said he's arrested her for drugs and hooking." I said.

"Those are probably just the start of her resume." he said. "Why do you want to know about that skank?"

"I saw her beating on her kid today. It made me want to break her neck."

"The whole town knows how she treats Timmy." Steve said. "You'd have to stand in line."

"Doesn't the father try to do anything about it?"

"I doubt even she could tell you who the father is. How such a good kid crawled out of that diseased cunt is beyond me. I heard lately that she's been running around with that piece of shit, Sonny, who used to be the leader of the 'Satan's'motorcyclists. They're perfectly matched."

I could feel my rage building but I didn't know what to do about it.

I cooked dinner and did some paperwork. It was soon time to serve the food and the family showed up hungry and eager. After everyone was served I sat down and said to Steve, "There's something I forgot to tell you."

I slid a piece of paper across the table to him and said, "Be at this address this evening at 6:30. There's a house you need to look at."

"What kind of house?" he asked.

"I don't really know. I told Martha at the real estate office to let me know if anything that might be a good bargain came on the market. You need to go look it over and tell me what you think and if it's worth buying as another rental."

"You want me to decide?" Steve asked.

"It's going to be your responsibility. Who else is going to know if it's worth it?" 

"Do I have to go?" my brother Tony asked.

"No." I said.

"Yes." Steve said. "It's time he did something besides floating around here like a dizzy blond."

Tony got a perplexed look, and then he raised his hands palm down over the table. He closed his eyes and rotated his head on his neck and when he was done, he opened his eyes and said, "I don't feel the least bit dizzy."

"We rest our case." my Uncle Cody said.

Daddy just stared at us. 

* * * * * *

Later that evening Daddy, Cody and I were all sitting around the kitchen table discussing business when Steve and Tony returned.

"How was it?" I asked.

"I want to review my notes and do some estimates before we talk." Steve replied. "If we can get it for the right price it might be worth it."

"And did Tony learn anything?" I said.

Tony grinned broadly as Steve answered.

"I learned never to take him along on business." Steve said. "They have a new real estate agent. He looks to be about Tony's age. We hadn't even been with him for ten minutes and Tony had already gotten a date with him."

"It's not a date. He just invited me over to his place tonight to have a drink." Tony said.

"That's not a date?" daddy said.

"He's just a nice man." Tony replied, grinning like the cat that swallowed the canary. "Don't wait up, anyway."

"I thought I'd go out tonight, too." I said.

Steve got a sort of guilty look and said, "I made some plans, too."

"You have a date?" I asked teasingly.

"Mind your own business, I'm just going out." 

"So you mean that Cody and I will have the house to ourselves tonight with no fighting children to baby-sit?" daddy said.

"Appears so." Steve said. "Does that mean you two are going to get all 'wild and crazy' like you're 18 again?"

"I was thinking of lying on the bed nude while watching the wrestling channel and eating Cheese Doodles and Dr. Pepper." Daddy replied.

"That sounds like my kind of crazy." Cody remarked.

"You guys are a regular pair of jet-setters." Steve said.

* * * * * *

The sheriff's big cock head swelled even bigger in my mouth and I could feel his piss hole gaping open, preparing to cum. I'd been sucking his cock for at least the last hour, edging him over and over with frequent breaks to tongue his ass hole and suck on his heavy balls. He just had that kind of cock; you never got tired of sucking it.

I wrapped one hand around the thick shaft. I could feel his blood coursing through the prominent veins as I sucked harder on the head while bobbing my mouth on it and licking his piss slot.

His legs stiffened, his outstretched arms stiffened and he almost levitated off of the bed as his sweet cum blasted into my mouth. I sucked on his dick like I was sucking soda out of a straw, forcing more big gouts of cum from his balls. I must have swallowed five or six big gulps before he stopped cumming.

I nursed on the big cock as it softened, getting every drop out of his slit before I let it pop out of my mouth and lay against his hip.

"What if I could find a really good foster home for Timmy Ferguson?" I asked. "Would you help me get him away?"

"You sure know how to kill a mood." the sheriff replied.

"I can't help it; he just keeps preying on my mind."

"Nothing is going to be easy with that kid." the sheriff said. "Even if you could get him away, it would be tough to place him in a decent home. The kid has history."

"What kind of history?"

"Oh, knocking one bully's teeth out with a rock. Then, when some other kids were bullying him, he lured them down an alley where he'd hidden a bat and beat the hell out of the fat little motherfucker who was the ringleader."

"That's my kind of kid." I said.

"I figured with your history with your brothers you'd feel a connection." the sheriff said.

"Hey, we're all living happily ever after. I just had to do a little reprogramming. And speaking of reprogramming," I said as I grasped his fat cock and licked the few drops of cum remaining out of his piss hole, "How long before this big boy is reprogrammed? I'm planning on a nice long ass fucking before I let you go to sleep."

"You're a tough audience to please." the sheriff replied. "But if you keep licking on that thing he'll be back from the dead in no time."

I could already feel the cock in my hand starting to swell.

* * * * * *

My next meeting with Timmy Ferguson happened the following Wednesday. I had come into town to represent two of my clients at the bank and then I sat on the bench out front to make notes about the meeting. I was conscious of someone sitting down but I didn't look up for a few minutes. When I did, Timmy was seated at the other end of the bench, watching me.

"Why, hello again." I said. "What are you up to?"

"I saw you from our window." he replied. "I live right over there."

He pointed at an apartment over one of the stores.

"Does your mother know you're over here?" I asked. "And shouldn't you be in school?"

"Don't talk to me like you're talking to some TV kid." he replied.

"I'm sorry." I said. "I'm not used to talking to kids. I didn't mean to be patronizing."

Timmy took a spiral notebook out of a pocket with a stub of pencil.

"That's a good word." he said. "Spell it."

"If you mean patronizing, it's..." and spelled it as he wrote.

"I'm going to be a writer someday." he said. As he wrote, I noticed that he had several livid bruises on his skinny arms.

He looked at me side eyed and asked, "What, you don't think I can do it?"

"I think you can do anything you try, probably." I said. "I was just thinking about something else."

He stowed his notebook away and then sat for a few minutes not looking at me.

"We're alike." he said.

I didn't know how to respond so I just kept quiet.

"I can tell about people, especially people like me." he said. "You do bad things sometimes but you're not a bad guy. And, you have secrets."

"Everybody has secrets." I said, trying to steer the conversation away from me. "Is it a secret how you got those bruises all over your arms?"

Timmy didn't respond and seemed oblivious to the question. After a couple of minutes he said while staring straight ahead, "Sometimes men make kids do bad stuff for them."

"Are you telling me Sonny put those bruises on you?" I asked. "Because if he did, you need to tell someone so that he can be made to stop."

"You can make him stop." Timmy said, looking around at me. "My mom said that Sonny hates you because you beat up his friends and burned down their house."

Again, I didn't know how to respond.

"Sonny said that if I told, I'd be put in a prison for kids and everyone would know what happened and I'd never be allowed to see my grandma and grandpa again."

"I seriously doubt that any of that would occur." I said.

"I can't take a chance." Timmy said. "My grandma and grandpa are the only ones who care about me."

"I care, Timmy." I said. "I'll take care of Sonny. But, you and I never had this conversation, understand?"

"I understand." Timmy said.

"And if he tries to hurt you again, you have to tell me right away, okay?"

"You're the only one." Timmy replied.

All of the drive home, my rage increased until it was white hot. Two things that absolutely push me over the edge are abuse of children and abuse of animals. I already hated Ronny and Tina Ferguson but now I was in a whole new place regarding them.

I pulled into the drive and got out of my car. I was afraid that if I went inside I might run into an innocent bystander who'd bear the brunt of my mood, so instead I wandered into the barn. The smell of animals always calms me.

I was standing, gazing into space and thinking about what Timmy had told me when my eyes focused on an axe handle innocently leaning in the corner. Just that fast, I had a plan and I felt 100% better.

The rest of the day sped by so quickly that I hardly noticed, I was so preoccupied. I followed all of my usual routines, one eye always on the clock.

After supper had been eaten and all of the cleanup done, it was almost full dark.

"I think I'll go for a drive." I told daddy. "There's something I need to take care of." He hardly seemed to hear me.

I went into my room and changed into a pair of black slacks and a black turtleneck. In my pocket I stuffed the black full face ski mask that I'd worn in previous winters but now had no use for, living in daddy's state. Then I went to the barn and retrieved the axe handle.

I drove to a point about half a mile from the trailer where Sonny was now living. I parked down a dirt road and the followed the main road to where he lived. After slipping on the ski mask, I crept up and knocked on his door, then stepped to one side out of sight.

I heard the door open and Ronny say, "What the fuck?"

When he stuck his head out to look around, I was ready. I swung the axe handle like a baseball bat and caught him right across the face. I could hear the bones in his nose crunch. He fell over, flat on his back, unconscious.

I stepped over him and went inside where I grabbed him by the hair and dragged him away from the door. Then I stopped and looked around. I've seen hog pens that were cleaner and smelled better than that trailer. Half empty beer bottles and paper plates with rotting food on them covered the counter and the floor looked to be almost as clean. I quickly stepped over and peered around the partition of the bedroom where the smell of unwashed body made my eyes run. Sonny would never get the Good Housekeeping Seal of Approval.

At the other end of the trailer was an open door that led into the bathroom. I grabbed a handful of his hair and dragged him toward it.

He was coming around by the time I had him inside and sitting up, so I slapped him across the face with the back of my hand.

"Motherfucker." was the only remark he made.

I grabbed the roll of toilet paper sitting on the floor by the commode and dropped it into the bowl, then stepped in and pressed it into the drain with my boot. Then I grabbed Ronny by the hair again and as he started to struggle I pushed his face into the filthy, stained toilet. With my other hand, I pressed on the flush lever.

He had good water pressure for a trailer, in no time at all the bowl filled around his head while I was holding it underwater. I used my boot against the back of his head so that he couldn't rise out of the water and the porcelain rim pressed into his neck.

He thrashed around a good deal at first. Then, he slowly started to stop fighting.

Just before he was totally limp, I grabbed his hair again and threw his head backwards so that it bumped on the floor.

I dragged him back into the main room and slapped him a few more times until I was sure he was still alive, and then I rolled him onto his stomach and watched him puke up toilet water. When he stopped retching, I grabbed his hair again and bent his head back so that he was looking at my masked face.

"If you ever so much as lay a finger on Timmy again, I'm coming back." I told him. "Only next time I'm bringing my shotgun and I'm going to ram it up your ass hole before I pull the trigger."

He was struggling to get up onto his hands and knees, so I allowed that. When he made it, I slammed the axe handle down on his back so that it made contact with the length of his spine. He fell back onto his face. 

When I got back home that night, daddy didn't even look up from his game of solitaire.

"Where were you?" he asked.

"Just doing some last minute chores." I answered.

I went into my room and fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow.

The next day I had to go into town again so I decided to stop by and see my favorite sheriff. I parked and had no sooner entered the office than Timmy bustled in behind me. He must have been on the lookout for my car from his window.

"Man, have you guys seen Sonny today?" he asked gleefully.

"Can't say I've had that pleasure." the sheriff replied.

"He looks like somebody used his face for first base." Timmy said. "His nose looks like an eggplant."

"Was he in a wreck?" I asked.

"No, he said 3 guys grabbed him from behind and took turns beating him up." Timmy replied. "I don't believe him, though."

"Maybe he got drunk and fell down." I said.

"Yeah, from on top of a building and landed on his face." Timmy said, unable to keep from laughing. He whirled around and rushed back outside.

"Just goes to show." the sheriff said. "If you're patient, good news comes to you."

* * * * * *

My business had really started taking off; I was busy every day doing financial chores for my clients well into the night.

So, it really hadn't sunk in that I'd been seeing a lot less of Steve lately. I didn't even think about it until he crawled into my bed several nights later.

"Have you missed me?" he asked and it finally registered.

"I thought you needed a break is all." I said. In retrospect, it had been something of a relief. I was afraid that Steve was becoming emotionally attached to me, something that people like me can't allow.
