 PLEASE READ THROUGH MY INTRO. I PROMISE there is lots of good (and true) CUM SLUT ACTION following the set-up.

This is a true story from my exploits as a PnP lovin' bareback bottom cum slut in Phoenix, Arizona sometime in the Spring of 2001. I plan on a series of stories describing my best experiences. If you think you may have fucked me (probably at the Chute bathhouse or Zorba's ABS on Scottsdale Rd, but maybe at Flex bathhouse), please email me and let me know when/where you think we hooked up. I'd love a cock pic as well (trying to put together a "trophy wall" of my conquests)! I'd also appreciate feedback on the stories themselves. 

I was 26 at the time these events took place. My "cruising name" was "Jack" I'm 6', 180#, green eyes (often wearing glasses during my visits to the Chute), both nipples pierced (but if you played with them too much, I probably told you it was "just for looks", not because I was much into tit-play). I had short, light brown/dark blonde hair, a goatee, broad shoulders and a narrow waist. Total masculine, straight acting, closeted bi cock-fiend. If I was wearing shorts, you probably thought I had nice legs (muscular, particularly big calves). I'm uncut, 8"-ish (but if I was partying with my girl Tina, you probably never saw my cock hard). When I was at the Chute, I would usually walk around with my towel over my shoulder. At the Chute I was often smoking a cigarette in one of the movie rooms, playing with my cock and asshole. I had a strong preference for public displays, and was fucked in the public areas of the Chute often (movie rooms, bunk bed room, glory hole maze. If I was getting fucked in a private room, I'd leave the door open (they let you do that back then) if my top was up for it. I picked my men on the basis of their cocks, not looks, etc. Old, fat, ugly, bald, didn't matter. A nice hard cock, the bigger the better, to fuck my slut cum hole was what I was looking for. 

If we hooked up, you probably noticed that I was not the best when it came to sucking cock (though I could do a good enough job on average size guys). Especially if you were hung, I probably only sucked you enough to get you hard before I tried to get you to slide it in my ass. 

Anyway on to the story:

18 HOURS AT THE CHUTE (PHOENIX BATH HOUSE)

This marathon of serving any and all available tops as a PnP bareback bottom cum dumpster also took place in the Spring of 2001.

I was at work; a server in a busy steakhouse in Paradise Valley. I have been a server in many restaurants, and I'm really, really good at the job. It was good thing because it was a busy Saturday night, and I was, to say the least, distracted. 

I was running around the restaurant with a bunch of cum in my ass. I didn't sleep the night before, when I'd gone to the baths and hooked up with a guy who shared the tina he was smoking with me, and it was GOOD stuff. I had gone to his private room at the Chute, <> Long story short, I had spent the morning after we left the baths with my new buddy and his roommate, watching porn, getting SPUN watching porn, fucking. 

I had to leave his house eventually, 'cause I had to work that night at 5. I had taken the opertunity to score some dope from my friend's source -- got a teener of nice glass for the rest of my weekend. I went home, took a shower, and went to work.

I was distracted by the fact that I was so fucking HORNED UP while I was at work. All I could think of was how much I wanted to feel more cock deep in my ass. I was made horny by the random thought that I had cum from more cocks in me from the last night than most of the female servers (average age about 22) had had in their lives! Every step I took I was aware of the slippery feeling inside my ass and the thought of being offered to any hard cock was racing through my head. 

Finally I was done with my shift. I had brought everything I thought I might need with me to work so I could go straight to the baths. I drove to the Chute and got a private room. My buddy from the night before had given me a douche kit and taught me how to clean out before taking cocks in my hole. I made sure I was spotless inside, smoked some tina, and went to hunt for some cock. 

Guys were walking around the dark hallways in their towels, room keys on elastic bands around wrists or ankles. I had my lube and my poppers with me. The hallways were dark, the air heavy with smoke and sweat. There was some awesome techno music on the sound system. 

I went to the glory hole maze. It was nearly pitch black. I ventured in, basically feeling my way in. I could tell there were a bunch of guys in the maze, and I could hear slurps and flesh moving against flesh. At various places, the walls of the maze had glory holes cut out. As my eyes adjusted, I looked for an open hole. 

I found one and knelt down. The surging desire for cock was strumming through me. I waited. It didn't take long. A guy came up to the opening of my glory hole. He opened his towel and showed his semi hard cock. I practically stuck my head through the hole to show him my open mouth. He put his cock through the hole. 

I eagerly slid my mouth around him. He was cut with a perky helmet and pretty thick. About 7" or so. I took a hit of poppers and took his cock till his balls were on my chin. Between the poppers and the tina, I was easily able to deep throat him. I made love to his cock with my mouth. It was the best blow job I've ever given (prior to my PnP initiation, I was primarily a top, and had never been very good at sucking cock). 

I took a break to whisper to him that I wanted him to fuck me. He said he wanted to come in my mouth. I was disappointed, because his cock got nicer and nicer the longer I sucked it. It grew another 1/2" plus. It got rock hard, and there were nice veins standing out. It would have felt GREAT in my ass. 

But if he wanted to cum in my mouth, I wanted to feel him shoot and swallow his cum. I went back to work. He started his short strokes. I let him fuck my mouth. He went all the way in and stayed there, grunting and groaning. I felt warmth in my throat. Pulled back so the head of his cock was in my mouth, and I felt warmth on my tongue. Finally, he pulled out of my mouth.

I swallowed the cum that was in my mouth. My throat felt spermy where he had shot his load directly down into my gut. I wanted more cock NOW. I felt like draining the load of every cock I could find. 

Folks had clearly noticed that he was having fun. As soon as he left, another man stepped up to the hole. A beautiful, fat, uncut Latino cock came through the hole. I was mostly hard, and I started sucking it as well as I could. It was bigger than the first one, the kind of uncut cock where the shaft is as thick as the head and it was THICK. I could only take about ¾ of it down my throat. It was at least 8". While I knelt on the floor, sucking his cock as well as I could, I was lubing up my ass and running my fingers as far into myself as I could. 

"Do you like to fuck" I whispered, reluctant to take his cock out of my mouth. 

"Yeah" A single whispered syllable.

I stood up and turned around to present my ass to the hole. I reached through my legs and felt for him. His cock bumped against my cheek. I grabbed him, and rubbed the head of his cock up and down across my hold, getting it slippery with the copious amount of lube in and on my ass. I was SO happy there was not a condom on his cock. I lined his cock up with my desperately horny asshole and backed up against him. As soon I had him sliding up my ass, I took several DEEP hits from my poppers and started fucking by ass back against him. He drove it all the way in, held it for a second, and started slowly fucking in in and out of me. On the back stroke he would take it almost all the way out. On the down stroke his thick cock felt so GOOD driving in to my ass. I discovered I could tighten on his cock slightly as he withdrew, and open myself to caress his cock more gently on the way in. 

I kept hitting the poppers. Someone had found his way to my side of the partition. As I bent over, backing my ass up and bucking against the cock impaling me through the hole, he presented his cock in my face. I started sucking him. He was cut, very hard, not particularly thick and maybe 6". I let him fuck my throat. 

The guy fucking my ass was working himself towards orgasm, fucking my ass faster, with strokes seeking pleasure for his cock, rather than teasing me with his beautiful cock. He drove all the way in and held it there. I clamped my ass on his cock as hard as I could. I could feel a delicious feeling of warmth and gooiness deep in my ass. He fucked his cock in and out of me to pump the rest of his cum in me. 

Without warning, he pulled out of me and left. I had never seen his face, or heard his voice other than that one "Yeah". But I had worshiped his cock for him. First with my mouth, then with my ass. And his cum was deep inside me. 

When he realized that the guy on the other side had finished and left, the guy on my side reached over to finger my ass. 

"Did he cum in you?" 

"Yeah. Do you like to fuck?" 

"I'm about to cum"

I pulled off of his cock. "Just stick it in and cum in me". We maneuvered ourselves so I was bent over in front of him and I again reached between my legs to guide a bare cock into my hole. 

He pushed in slowly and held still when he got it all the way in. "I'm really close".

"Cum in me". He managed about two strokes before he drove all the way in, grunting loudly several times. He fell heavily against my back as he finished spurting in me. I pulled off his cock.

My eyes had adjusted to the near total darkness, and I could see that there was an open area in the middle of the maze and that there were several guys there. I moved past my last conquest.

"Thanks" I whispered.

I entered the common area and found my way to the wall at the back of the maze. I leaned forwarded and braced my hands against the wall, presenting my ass to anyone and everyone. My towel was around my neck, I was naked, sticking my ass out like a desperate whore, begging for cock. 

Someone came up behind me. I felt the head of his cock rubbing up and down my crack, pushing occasionally against my hole. 

"Put it in" I was shameless

He put it in. 

With two loads in my ass back to back, there was no need for lube. He slid it in. He felt pretty average in size, but at this point all cock was good to me. He was obviously already close to cumming. 

"Please cum in me". My whispered plea drove him over the edge. He spasmed against my ass, rabbit-fucking his load into me. He pulled out as soon as he was finished. I rested against the wall for a moment. I looked around -- the maze seemed to be empty. I needed to rest.

I went to a video room and sat on the hard bench to catch my breath and watch some porn. I reached down to finger my asshole. I had cum smeared on my upper thighs where it had leaked out of my ass. My asshole was relaxed and slippery with the three loads that had been shot up my chute in probably about 30 minutes. 

A middle aged guy came in and sat down on the bench nearly opposite from me. He started jacking his cock. I motioned for him to come join me. He moved over and sat down next to me. I was on his cock instantly, sucking him into my mouth. It was smaller that average, but uncut, so that was hot. I bobbed up and down on it. I decided I wanted to see how fast I could make him cum. 

It was not to be. After a while, he motioned me off his cock. 

"I don't want to cum yet". 

"OK. Maybe I'll see you later". I went back to watching the movie. I smoked a cigarette and played with my self. Another guy came in and sat down. He was darker skined, middle eastern looking. Very handsome, early 20's. I moved over and asked him

"Can I suck it?". He offered it to me. He was uncut and long. He had a chrome cock ring on. His cock was partially hard. It had that meaty heaviness to it that a guy gets when he has been hard, then soft multiple times before he cums. 

"Do you party" He was bent over, whispering in my ear. 

"MmmHmm" I nodded, my mouth full of his cock. 

"Come to my room".

That was all he had to say. I stood up and followed him down the dark hall way. He let us into his room and we sat on the bed. He produced a glass bong with a glass bowl for smoking tina. He had a real torch, not just a lighter. He held the bong out to me with one hand and started heating the bowl with the torch. As soon as the dope started to vaporize, I took a pull at the bong. It filled with the rich white smoke.

"Take a breath, then clear it. Hold your breath as long as you can."

I took a breath and cleared the smoke from the bong as he held the bowl for me. The rush hit me immediately. I had never had such a lungful of dense smoke. I held my breath. 

"Give it to me." He started kissing me, and I slowly exhaled into his mouth, feeling him suck the vapor out of me into his lungs. He held his breath, then kissed me again. This time he was exhaling the smoke for me to breath in. We passed it back and forth until it was gone. We took turns hitting the bong and sharing the smoke. 

In no time, I was higher than I ever had been. I tried to start sucking his cock, but he stopped me. 

"What if we open the door, and I'll eat your ass?"

I climbed onto the bed, on all fours, with my ass sticking up in the air. With the door open, he buried his face in my ass. I groaned and squirmed as his wet tongue pushed into my hole. 

"Do you already have cum in there?"

"Yeah"

"More than one guy?"

"Three guys, in the maze."

He kept tonguing my ass. 

"I want to watch you get fucked, then I'll eat the load out of your ass."

I turned around to look at the door. Someone was standing there. A middle aged bear type. I gestured him in. He made as if to close the door, catching my eye with the unspoken question".

"Leave it open"

His towel hit the floor. He was uncut and almost totally soft, but I could see that he had a Prince Albert. Wow. I had never been fucked by a pierced cock before. 

"Let me suck it to get you hard, then you can fuck him." My party buddy had a plan. I got up on the bed in what I now considered my "slut pose", face down, ass up on the bed. I made sure I could see the action as PA guy stuck his cock in my buddy's mouth. PA reached around to finger my ass. "You want me to fuck you?"

"Please"

"How many cocks have you had tonight?"

"Three. In the Maze" 

"Did they breed you?"

"They all came in my ass"

"Are you a slut?"

"Yes"

Another man came into the room. He was black, young, very toned and well muscled. He had very broad shoulders and narrow hips. He had his towel wrapped tightly against him, but I could tell that he had a big cock under it. He removed his towel and I got off the bed to kneel in front of him. 

His cock was FUCKING HUGE. It was mostly hard, but so heavy that it hung down rather than jutting out. It was cut, VERY thick, and at least 11". It was perfectly straight, absolutely beautiful, PORN quality cock. I sucked it as well as I could. 

"Do you like to fuck?"

"Can you take this whole cock?"

"Please let me feel it in my ass."

"How do you want to get fucked?"

"Let me sit down on it to get used to it, then you can fuck me however you want."

He lay on the bed and I straddled him. I squirted lube on his cock and spread it along the his amazing length. I rubbed a palm full of lube on my hole and lined it up with his cock. He held it against the base, and I paused for a minute with his head pressing on my hole. I couldn't believe the heat of his cock head as he rubbed against my hole. 

I took some huge hitts of poppers, and started sliding down his cock. It was amazing. I couldn't believe the sensation of fullness, and how hard and thick he felt in me. I thought I must have him almost the whole way in, but when I reached between my legs, I found that there was still at least 4" to go!

Finally, I was sitting all the way down on his cock. I was impaled on his massive cock. I started to move up and down on it. I usually like to go up until a guy is almost falling out of my ass before I sit back down, but with this guy, I couldn't do it. His cock was so long, that I couldn't raise my hips enough to get him out of me without raising up off my knees. 

"How do you like to fuck?"

"You on your back."

I climbed off of him and we exchanged places on the bed. I lay on my back and spread my legs in the air. He pulled my pelvis up against him as he knelt between my legs. He lined my ass up with his cock and pressed forward, sliding into me for what felt like forever. 

"Oh My God. Your cock is amazing". 

My bong buddy and Mr. PA had paused to watch us. 

"Take that big cock. You like that, slut?"

"It feels so good in my ass."

TO BE CONTINUED...