 I am not a sex addict but Damn if I'm not close! I love sex. Any kind of sex. And the nastier the better. Before I got married, I would make several trips a year to Texas for the purpose of sex. No, I never went to meet someone, officially, but I would each time. Usually it would be strangers in dark theaters or adult arcade booths, the occasional rest area or park. These encounters were generally with guys but occasionally I would find a girl with lose morals. Always I would cum.

But this was my first.

My first encounter with a guy was at a party at a lakeside cabin. We were good friends and had been partying together for years. I had just turned 18 the week before and man what a bash that had been! Of course I got way drunk and passed out...woke up the next day with one hell of a hangover but that was ok...I was now 18!

The next week, we decided to have a small party of just me and Kyle and a couple of other guys. My girlfriend was out of town and Kyle didn't have one right then. So we made it a guy's night. Lots of booze, weed, cards, and smoking. Hell, we were even going to have a cook out. Kyle and I went out to get everything ready and then waited.

And drank, and waited. 

And smoked. And waited. 

And drank. 

Hell, by about 7:30 I realized that no one was coming out. That was ok. I was fucked up by that time anyway. 

I decided to go for a swim and staggered to the water. Stripped to my boxers and was getting ready to jump in when Kyle came down to stop me. He was afraid I might be too drunk to swim. I stood (teetered) on the edge of the dock and was just jumping in when Kyle tried to grab me to stop me. The only thing that he could get hold of was the waistband of my boxers and then I jumped/fell into the water. My boxers ripped but I triumphantly kept them on.

Well, almost. After I came back up for air, they disappeared. Shit happens. Damn the water felt good! 

Kyle started yelling at me to get out before I drowned but I had sobered up a little when I hit the cool water or at least my head had cleared a little. And besides, I was naked! Treading water made my dick and balls thrash around and this made me think of my girlfriend, Sarah, who was out of town but when she got back, maybe we could come out here and fool around. This gave me a stiffy. No way was I getting out until it went down. No way. By this time Kyle realized that I wasn't likely to suddenly drown and decided to join me. 

He stripped to his boxers then Kyle plunged in. He came up near me and made sure I was ok. I said I was, more or less. That caused him to look at me funny until I explained that he had ripped my shorts and that they were missing in action. 

Kyle said it was no big deal. Heck, we had been friends since we were 12. Played football, basketball and even though our teams never made it to the playoffs, we had had fun. But we had never 'seen' each other naked. Sure we showered together after practice and games but guys just didn't look down there. We had definitely never seen each other...excited. Kyle didn't get why I was embarrassed and then suddenly he grinned. He told me not to get any ideas and swam a 'safe' distance away. After a while he swam to shore and got out. I asked him to bring me a towel. 

A few minutes later Kyle returned with the ice chest in tow, one towel over his shoulder and one wrapped around his waist, he was holding a huge joint in his mouth. And when I say huge, I mean that fucking joint was a hog's leg! He said that he had gotten it as a birthday present and that although it was mine I had better damn well share.

Tossing me a towel, I climbed out and wrapped it around me. We sat on the dock and he gave the marijuana cigar to me. I looked at it and asked "How much pot is this?"

Kyle told me that it was almost a full quarter bag. "It took 6 papers to roll it and to be safe I double wrapped it." He pulled out his butane lighter handed it to me and asked "What are you waiting for?"

I lit up and inhaled. Then inhaled again, and then again. Then sat back as I felt the smoke expand in my lungs. I passed it to Kyle just before I erupted in a fit of coughing that I knew was going to cost me a lung. It finally passed and Kyle handed the cigar back to me. I took a slightly smaller hit that time and held it in and then slowly let it out thru my nose.

Looking at the cigar, I noticed that it had gotten darker maybe even a little wet. I looked at Kyle and he smiled and asked for it again. He put it to his mouth, grinned and just before he took a hit, he said "Creeper."

"Right, sure." 

"No, really. Wait." 

Shaking my head, I asked for the joint but he wouldn't give it to me. Instead, he put it out and gave me a beer. I yelled "Damn it, Kyle, give it back to me! Even if that is creeper I want to get really stoned and other than sore lungs and a sore throat, I don't feel anything!" 

Kyle just shook his head at me and replied "Dude. Trust me. Really." and gave me the beer.

The wind picked up and the lake started to get all wavy, causing the light to reflect in all different kinds of ways. I sat there and took a drink of my beer and it was hot. I spit it out and yelled at Kyle for giving me a hot beer.

Kyle started laughing so hard he fell off his chair. I started laughing at that and asked "What's was so damn funny?"

He just pointed at me and laughed even harder.

Finally, in short gasps interrupted by hysterics, he explained that I had been sitting there staring at the water for about 40 min before I started talking about the cows on the other side of the lake. That doubled him over again and he started rolling around on the dock helpless because he was laughing so hard. 

His laughter was infectious and soon I was laughing as hard as he was until I remember him saying something about cows and I curled up and rolled over on my side in hysterics! A few minutes later, we both regained some measure of control and in between gasps for air and sudden fits of the giggles, we sat up. 

I leaned back against the rail on one side of the dock and Kyle leaned back against the other. Man I felt good. I opened my eyes and smiled and started to tell him thank you. Kyle was leaning back his hand over his eyes and then a fit of laughter caused him to sprawl on his back. That's when I noticed that in all the laughter and all the rolling around, that he was naked. And hairless. And large. 

I stared. 

All my laughter was gone. 

I was focused on his crotch even as he sat up. I continued to stare. 

He just sat there. 

I saw it start to grow. Expand. Rise. I was mesmerized. It looked so beautiful. It was heavy looking and, oddly, it seemed to be pointing at me! It also was being supported by an impressive set of balls. The head continued to grow and changed to a deep shade of purple and the slit at the end seemed to open slightly and a clear drop of fluid leaked out and then, like sap from a tree, the drop slowly began to descend. I swear it seemed to glisten and sparkle as it got closer to the deck. Then it just touched the dry wood and was absorbed. There was this long strand connected to the head of Kyle's cock and the other end looked as if it was being drawn into the wood. I had never seen anything as stunning. 

Kyle coughed and I looked up suddenly realizing that I was on my hands and knees between my best friends legs. I had apparently been so caught up in the sight that I had crawled closer to get a better look. A glance showed me that I was about ten inches away from the head. 

My face flushed and my throat got even drier and I became acutely aware that I was dripping a large amount of liquid from my painfully erect penis. 

Still on my hands and knees, I put my head down and I could see my dick jerk and twitch. I looked back up at Kyle and he smiled saying "Creeper man!" then fell back laughing.

When he fell back, his cock rose and while still not fully erect, it did reared up, demanding my attention! I couldn't help it. I had to get closer. My world shrunk, if that's the right way to describe it, so that nothing else was visible but the majestic tower of flesh that was still sort of pointing towards me. 

I wasn't in control of myself. 

It was like an out of body experience and I wasn't conscious of what I was doing. I saw my hand reach up and tentatively form an arch around it.

I was terrified to touch it but I couldn't stop. 

Suddenly it twitched and bumped the palm of my hand. My fingers reflexively closed around the smooth shaft and squeezed. The head grew and turned an angry shade of red and on some level I knew what was about to happen but the experience was so captivating that I couldn't pull back; I needed to see whatever happened next. 

I had watched myself masturbate but I had never truly watched myself as I orgasm. I felt my nipples go rock hard and my balls tightened painfully in anticipation. 

To me, it happened in slow motion. 

The head swelled and the slit at the top opened. The pillar of flesh in my hand pushed back against my grip and then it erupted! 

Cum spewed out and the first shot hit my forehead with enough force that it almost hurt! And the heat! Oh my God! I had never felt anything so hot. It was almost scalding! 

I felt Kyle's hands grab my head and pull it towards him and then down. 

My mouth opened on its own and the head entered my mouth just as he let loose the second burst. It flooded my mouth and coated my tongue! Christ! The taste was indescribable! It was delicious and I had to have more! 

My body snapped into action and my hand started to stroke that pulsing, spewing cock. My head tried to force its way down but I had never had a cock in my mouth before and I didn't know how to relax my jaw so that I could take it deeper. Still, I closed my eyes in ecstasy and savored the sensations as Kyle continued to fill my mouth to overflowing. 

Sperm was propelled down my throat and then his final burst was so large and thick that it actually filled my mouth! With no place else to go it actually came out my nose! Kyle continued to hold my head in place and then he suddenly flung me back and off his cock.

I lay on my back gasping, choking for air! It's hard to breathe with cum in your nose and coating your throat but a few seconds later I was beginning to recover and I could hear Kyle panting and groaning. I continued to swallow, trying to force Kyle's load down. 

Reaching up to my forehead, I felt where the first blast had hit me and found my hair was drenched. I started to wipe away the cream coating my face until I opened my eyes. Looking at my coated fingers, I knew I shouldn't waste a drop and proceeded to use my hands to push, drag, and pull all of Kyle's juices into my mouth.

I was finishing licking the back of my fingers and hands and searching for any missed drop of goodness, when I realized what had just happened. 

My already hard shaft got harder and my balls pulled tighter. The image of me with my lips wrapped around Kyles cock as it exploded hit me along with the fact that I had just greedily eaten his cum!

Without warning my back off arched the dock and I spewed my built up load all over my chest and stomach. Without even touching myself, I had just cum so hard I knew my balls were going to pop out! I couldn't do anything but lay there and rub my semen into my skin. Man it was just too good.

Later, as night closed in around us I forced myself onto my side and looked at Kyle. He was still my friend and he was not at all attractive to me. I mean, sure he had a great body but I felt no desire for him at all. I coughed, trying to clear my throat some more and Kyle looked at me. He smiled and said "Wow that was... fucking incredible!!" 

I smiled and replied "Yeah, it was." He rolled over to face me and his cock was visible again and suddenly I knew. 

I was in love with COCK! 

Not men, just the sex tool. 

Kyle coughed and said "I can't help but notice that you are staring at my crotch." 

I grinned "Yeah, I was just thinking about how good your cock tasted." 

"My what?"

"You heard me," I said "I said 'your cock'. I like that word. It fits." I laid back to relax then laughed and said, "Don't worry. I'm not gay and I won't attack you suddenly. It's just that I never had that happen before. Never even thought about it before and then it happened and I think I would like to do it again sometime but I want you to remain my best friend and I hope this didn't freak you out."

Kyle was quiet for a few minutes before, "No, we're still good. I have to admit that it was probably the nastiest think I've ever done." he paused and then continued "you remember Shawna, my ex? She liked to do stuff in weird places and she would have loved to fuck outside...too bad we only lasted a few months in the winter. She would have been all over both of us if she had been here."

I said "It's a shame she's not here" 

Kyle said "Naw, as freaky as she thought she was, she would've never stayed...got a thing about gays. Don't get it. Loves it in the ass but can't imagine one guy giving it to another..." he trailed off. 

I looked at him and said "Are you suggesting I fuck your ass?" 

Kyle said "HELL NO! I ain't no bottom... you however..." 

I lay back laughing but I started to think about it. I felt my cock twitch. Kyle had gotten up and was getting another beer so he didn't see. I decided that I should probably drop it for a while. I didn't want to scare that tasty cock away.

I jumped into the lake and started to rub myself clean. When I got out, I went back to the cabin for some shorts and brought a pair back for Kyle. He told me he liked to stay naked, if it was ok with me. 

I said ok and we settled down to finish off the beer he had brought out. But sitting there with him naked, I just couldn't stop thinking how was I going to get that piece of meat in my mouth again? 

As it turns out, Kyle was thinking the same thing.