 Disclaimer: All characters and events are fictional, and any similarity to real people and events is purely coincidental. This is a work of erotic fiction intended to be read by people over 18 years of age (or 21 in some areas) where reading erotic fiction is legal. Story and all characters © Kardas Fox.

* * * * *

Marc stared at himself in the mirror. "I just want to talk." The phrase echoed through the squirrel's mind over and over. He looked down at the $100 on the dressing table. It was his biggest tip yet by far, but he wondered if it justified inviting a fan to his dressing room.

The blond haired, brown furred, green eyed squirrel stood barely 5'5 and had an alarmingly effeminate appearance through no fault of his own. The ease with which he could be mistaken for a flat chested woman made it simple for him to get a job at a straight exotic dance club, though he was beginning to regret the path his career had taken in anticipation of the awkwardness that was surely to come.

He gasped sharply at the sound of a knock at his door. Seconds later, the sound came again. "C-come in," he said finally, "It's unlocked."

The door swung open and a handsome green eyed skunk stepped in, Marc bit his lip and averted his eyes. The strobe lights made it hard to identify people, but his could recognize his patron now.

"Lollipop, we need to talk," the skunk began nervously, noticing that the squirrel was still in stage clothes.

"That is why you're here, isn't it?" Marc said with a pretty smile, "Go ahead, what's on your mind?"

"I've been here a few times before, I'm a big fan of the Candy Shoppe...a big fan of you in particular..."

"I see you during most of my performances, when the lights aren't too bright. It's nice to know I'm appreciated."

"Very much appreciated! There's something that has been bothering me about you, though..."

"It's not my chest, is it? Because I'm not comfortable with getting implants."

"No--no! Not that at all, I'm actually impressed you have the courage to work at a place like this flat. Uh...I don't know how to put this but, do you believe in love at first sight?"

The squirrel blushed deeply and flattened his ears. "I...don't think this is a good idea...."

"I know it sounds silly, but I really felt something the first time I saw you."

"I feel something when I look at you too, but we don't even know each other."

"I know, I thought maybe we could se each other for dinner or something when you're not working. Get to know each other, and see if the spark is still there."

"I don't know if that's a good idea. Um...I don't think I ever got your name."

"It's Tom, and that's okay. All I ask is that you think about it. Thanks for letting me get this off my chest, it was driving me crazy not being able to tell you."

Marc allowed himself to look up and made brief eye contact with Tom before his eyes darted back to the floor. He trembled, fearful and excited all at once. "Tom, there's something you need to know about me."

"What is it?"

The squirrel hesitated for a long time. His mouth suddenly felt very dry and the words wouldn't come. "I'm a man!" he blurted out finally, "And my real name is Marc."

Tom's eyes went wide. "So, all the dancers here are..."

"No, just me, and you're the only one who knows." He turned his head to the side and shut his eyes tight, expecting to be hit.

"That's okay, I actually like men better..."

The squirrel gasped and lifted his head to try and ascertain whether or not the skunk was being truthful, only to be taken into a deep kiss. After a moment of hesitation, he opened his mouth to invite the skunk's tongue inside. The feel of a pair of strong arms around his body made Marc's legs weak, and he leaned on Tom for support.

Marc was completely lost in the kiss, no longer aware of time and place. His heart fluttered and he found himself no longer caring if it was wise, appropriate, or even safe to get involved with a fan. The kiss finally broke and the two indulged in some extended eye contact.

"You're sure it doesn't bother you that I'm a dude?"

"How about I show you how little it bothers me?"

"I thought you were just here to talk?"

"And I thought you were a woman."

Marc giggled softly. "Alright, what do you have in mind?"

"How about you sit in that chair there and I give you a blowjob?"

The squirrel sat down and hiked his skirt up. Tom knelt in front of him and slid his panties down, removing a thin cup with a crease in it and looking up at Marc strangely.

"It hides my bulge, and looks like a camel-toe," Marc explained with a blush, "In case anyone got a good look during one of my dances."

Tom tossed it aside and cupped the squirrel's nuts. A little bit of pink pecker was already poking out of Marc's sheath, Tom leaned in to lick the head. It slowly grew erect in response to the skunk's tongue lashings, and when it became fully hard he took it into his muzzle and suckled softly.

Marc gasped and gripped the edges of the chair, watching his length disappear into the skunk's mouth and feeling his sensitive spire enveloped in wet warmth. It was a first for both of them, and numerous light scrapes with Tom's teeth on the way down had Marc squirming,

Tom went as far down as he could handle, gagging and pulling back when he felt dick touch the back of his throat. He bobbed his head slowly, sucking and licking all the way up and down. One hand lightly massaged Marc's balls, with the other he reached under to tease his new friend's tailhole.

The squirrel whimpered and gasped with the treatment he was being given. His cock throbbed and his virgin hole clenched. He tossed his head back and let out a shrill moan when Tom's finger slipped inside.

Marc tried his best to hold back and make it last, but the sensations were too much for him. The squirrel bucked his hips and cried out, firing a sticky load into the back of Tom's mouth. The skunk massaged Marc's cock head with his tongue and swallowed every drop he was given.

Marc's sensitive pink shaft remained squire stiff after Tom pulled away. A final trickle of semen oozed out of the tip and ran partway down the shaft before being licked up. Tom stood up, and the sight of his sizable boner tent made Marc blush. The squirrel's blush deepened when the skunk unzipped his jeans and exposed his thick, black cock.

The squirrel stared at it for a long moment before he realized Tom was holding out a tube of lubricant for him. He hesitantly took it and squeezed some onto his palm. "You always carry lube with you?"

"I have a hard time driving with an erection." the skunk explained, "I usually jack off in my car before I leave here."

Marc reached out hesitantly and gripped tom's hard dick. He gave it a light squeeze, then started to stroke slowly, smearing slippery lube all over it. "So, uh, what exactly do you want me to do?"

It was Tom's turn to blush now. "Well, your ass is really cute...but I don't want to move too fast and make you uncomfortable so a handjob is fine."

"No, that's okay, but I'm a virgin."

"I'll be gentle,"

"It's more than that, I need to know that our relationship will be more than this. I promised myself that my first time would mean something. If you just want to fuck and fly, it's not going to work for me."

"That's not all I'm after, I promise. I want to be your boyfriend. And, this will be my first time too..."

Marc reluctantly stopped stroking the slippery skunk cock and turned around. One knee on the chair, one paw on the floor, he lifted his tail to present his firm ass. "Go slow, I've only ever had a finger up there before."

Tom placed one hand on Marc's hip and used the other to guide his maleness. He pressed the tip against the squirrel's pucker and nudged a couple of times to see if it would loosen up. Marc relaxed as much as he could, but clenched reflexively at the feel of something so big knocking at his back door.

The squirrel shut his eyes tight and hissed through his teeth when the head finally slipped inside. It was hurting quite a bit more than Marc had expected, but he said nothing. Before he was ready, he felt Tom moving deeper. The thick coating of lube allowed the skunk's dick to slide in almost without resistance, but to Marc it felt like fire crawling up into his belly. He couldn't suppress a long moan of mixed pleasure and pain as Tom's member disappeared into his tightly stretched pink hole.

Tom eased forward until his hips were flush with Marc's ass, their balls making contact as well. The skunk lingered for a moment, savoring the feel of being completely inside his squirrel. Marc shifted and clenched, squeezing the fat dick inside him.

Soon, the skunk pulled back a few inches, leaving Marc with a somewhat empty feeling. The squirrel groaned when it slid right back in, though. Tom established a slow, steady rhythm, rolling his hips smoothly and evenly. His hands remained firmly planted on the squirrel's hips, and he kept his eyes locked on his own dick, watching in fascination as it appeared and disappeared into Marc's girly little ass.

Marc huffed and panted, trying to get used to the feel of being violated. The pleasure made his body quake, but the pain made him want to scream. Each thrust came easier than the last as the balance gradually shifted in favor of pleasure, but Tom gradually sped up and amplified both sensations.

The wooden chair soon began to creak in protest of Tom's ardor, their balls slapping together rather hard now. Marc wanted to cry out and ask him to slow down, but every time the squirrel opened his mouth he could do nothing but moan. His legs shook and made him grateful for the support of the chair. The pressure on his prostate made him feel like he had to pee, but his dick was so hard that every throb hurt a little.

Marc suddenly tossed his head back and cried out, clenching up like a vice at the same instant. His dick pulsed and short a couple of ribbons of semen onto the chair, he writhed in what was the most intense orgasm of his life. He hadn't even been aware that he was close, the alien feel of sodomy distracted him.

Tom saw his squirrel squirming and cumming, and set out to catch up. He tried to move faster, but the squirrel's hole had clenched up so tight that he had to fuck much harder just to manage the same pace. The velvet vice feel blew him away and he only held out for a few more seconds. He drove his dick as deep as possible and held the squirrel's ass tightly to his hips. A long moan escaped his lips and his dick swelled, releasing many sticky ropes of hot semen.

The squirrel could feel the cum shooting into his ass, and gasped with every spurt. It felt so nasty having cum in his butt, though a good kind of nasty that turned him on. He could feel a little bit trickle out around Tom's dick and run down his ass crack to drip from his balls. The sensation made him blush.

After riding out his afterglow, Tom pulled his softening dick out of the tight squirrel hole, leaving Marc to gasp and whimper softly. The squirrel was left with a slightly disappointing emptiness, he missed the feeling of skunk cock. He remained in the same position for a moment, then felt more cum leaking out of his ass and reached for his panties to prevent making too much of a mess.

Marc then stripped out of his dress and stockings; Tom noticed that even out of the girly clothes, Marc looked very feminine. The squirrel re-dressed in a pair of short shorts, a t shirt, a pair of sneakers, and a zippered hoodie that was a couple of sizes too bit.

"Hey, um, I hope I'm not moving too fast," Tom began, "But maybe we could spend the night together?"

"I'd like that, a lot."

"Cool. My place, or yours?"

"Yours, I still live with my dad."

"Really? You know, my house is kinda lonely, maybe you could move in with me?"

Marc blushed. "Maybe some day, you'll have to meet dad first."

"I'm cool with that. so, uh, got everything? I think we should get going."

Marc nodded and they headed out to the skunk's car. The ride home was mostly silent, Tom observed Marc sending a text message out of the corner of his eye. The squirrel put his phone away and rest his hand on the center console just as Tom stopped for a traffic light. The skunk put his hand on Marc's, and the two of them exchanged smiles and intertwined their fingers.