 He didn't expect to meet someone that would change his life, but it happened. Kent and his wife Mandy had lived in the city of San Luis Obispo for approximately twenty years, and they had never expected to meet a handsome young man who could become a good friend. Eli was nineteen years old, and he had just moved from Santa Clarita. He had found a good job and a good apartment. And when he had met both Kent and Mandy back in October, they began to know each other just a little more.

At first, the three of them gained a friendship that they would always appreciate. The husband and wife had seen him as a friendly civilian who was good to get along with. Eli was a handsome young man with blond hair and an overall slim figure. He would seem harmless enough. But then, something happened that Kent had never expected. In the middle of November, the three of them chose a more intimate approach to their relationship. It almost came out of nowhere, but when Eli paid then a visit on a Saturday, the three of them chose to spice things up in the bedroom. Both Kent and Mandy chose him as the third person in the room. The two males began to dominate the female. Kent and Eli stuck their dicks inside her at the same time.

And that was when their friendship had experienced a broader perspective. They tried something new, and it worked. Now, Eli enjoyed his secret adventures with Kent and Mandy. The threesome didn't change. Both men shared the same woman. Kent didn't necessarily see this as a path to infidelity. Both husband and wife agreed that Eli would be perfect for their naughty antics. For the next month or so, whenever Eli paid them a visit in their own home, Kent and Mandy led him into their bedrooms for some raucous rides. The husband and the young bachelor didn't hesitate at all as they played Mandy like a toy to cherish. They didn't stop, even as it started to seem to be a little bit of a routine when November ended.

* * *

Winter would soon begin. The civilians in San Luis Obispo enjoyed the late Autumn weather that also included some much-needed rain in the Golden State. The second week of December brought some cool temperatures and a clear sky. The mornings remained cold. Especially on Friday, when Kent opened his eyes and found himself in his bedroom. He looked around to see that the rest of the bed was empty. He remembered the escapade involving Mandy and Eli from last night. Both of them must have woken up and got out of bed before him.

Kent got up and rubbed his eyes. Just like the other two, he lay naked in bed after a night of unbelievable passion. The forty-year-old man checked to see that he had woken up just five minutes after nine o'clock. He didn't feel too cold. He put on his clothes, despite the residue smeared on his cock. He went downstairs and searched for his wife and his acquaintance.

He found Eli at the dining room table, looking out the window and taking a sip of milk from a glass. He had already put his own clothes on: black denim jeans and a black shirt. The heater had been turned on in the house, which gave Eli a perfectly good reason to be quite comfortable. When he spotted Kent at the entryway, he gave a little smile.

"Good morning."

Kent asked, "Where's Mandy?"

"She went out. She's meeting her sister at a coffee shop. She said she'll be back in a couple of hours."

"I see. Do the two of you have breakfast yet?"

Eli shook his head. "We're not that hungry right now."

He went back to drinking his milk. He continued to look out the window to gaze at the backyard. Kent had other things in mind, however. He kept his eyes on Eli, who appeared content at this time. Kent didn't turn away. He remained transfixed at such a handsome individual. He had always admired the young man ever since they first met. And then, he gained a sudden scenario that he wished he could act out in real life. For the first time in his life, he wanted someone other than Mandy in his bedroom. Maybe it was the blonde hair or the charisma. But ultimately, keeping someone of the same sex as the primary target was secretly presented on Kent's agenda.

The older man slowly breathed through his nostrils. Eli still didn't notice him keeping a firm gaze on him. But then, the young man set his glass aside and got up from his seat. "Well, I think I should be going now."

Kent didn't want to let this opportunity go to waste. "No, stay awhile. There's plenty of things to do in this house."

Eli chuckled. "I guess you're right."

He brushed away a few strands of his blond hair from his forehead with such ease. The mere sight of it was almost seductive and strengthened Kent's current craving.

Eli added, "I should take a shower right now. You don't mind, do you?"

Kent replied, "Of course, not."

He stepped aside and let Eli walk right past him before going upstairs. Kent watched him leave the dining room. For a moment, he leaned over and smell Eli's natural scent just as the latter walked past him. The aroma struck the right chord. The fuel from within could burst at any minute, and Kent's intentions needed to be made true.

Without a second thought forming in his head, he reached the second floor and returned to the master bedroom. He took a peek inside to see Eli had taken off his clothes in the middle of the room. Kent didn't look away. Eli's cock was still rock-hard. Kent could feel his own rising up as a steady erection. Even as he filled Mandy up with his juices last night, he was already prepared for a different insertion.

He whispered, "Well, look at you."

Eli looked up and noticed the other man standing at the open doorway. "Is something wrong?"

He was completely naked. Kent had seen him without his clothes on before, but not while his alternative thirst had taken effect.

The older man stepped closer. "Just stay where you are. I like you better this way."

Eli stood still. "What's on your mind?"

Kent looked down at Eli's cock. He reached down and grabbed it with his steady fingers. Eli seemed slightly startled by this unexpected act. Kent didn't back down from his exploration. He wrapped his arm around Eli's waist and slid his fingers up and down the cock in a smooth fashion. Fortunately, Eli didn't fight back. He was still a bit stunned by how Kent found a different direction to their relationship. He couldn't speak for a moment, and his eyes had grown wide. He just let it happen, and that was what Kent truly wanted. He stroked Eli's dick slowly at first, until his fingers ultimately accelerated.

Eli started to breathe heavily. "Why are you doing this?"

Kent had a simple answer. "Because I want to."

"But your wife isn't here."

"Does it matter?"

Kent brought him closer to his body. "She doesn't have to be here for us to have our own fun."

Eli looked into his eyes as if he had been hypnotized. "Yeah, you're right."

Kent's hand caused a sudden realization in the young man's head. The opportunity was inevitable. There would be no interruption in this newly made pattern. Kent let go of the cock and embraced the naked man tightly. Eli showed off his true feelings by wrapping his arms around the older man's neck and giving him a long kiss. Kent felt relieved when the warmth of both lips collided. Their progress actually meant something.

Kent kept kissing his companion while taking off his own clothes. He set aside his pants and boxer shorts while Eli didn't put a stop to their passion. Kent caressed Eli's blond hair, its smooth surface giving him the motivation to keep moving forward.

He whispered, "Oh, you're so handsome."

He took off his shirt tossed it on the bed. Now, both of them stood naked in front of each other. Eli was still in shock. Kent understood the reaction to his first move, but he had no interest in forgetting about these important steps to victory.

He said, "Don't be afraid."

Eli replied, "Don't worry. I'm not."

He gave a little smile for just a brief moment. A simple signal that boosted Kent's appetite for the unknown. The married man grabbed Eli and turned him around. He gazed at Eli's buttocks. They appeared clean and attractive. Kent brought his dick closer to Eli's hole. He decided to play around before getting into the main course. He rubbed the tip of his cock against the butt cheeks. He could hear Eli's heavy breathing turning into a soft moan in an instant. He kissed the young man in the neck. The skin was soft and warm, almost as enticing as Mandy's own.

Eli bent down above the bed and placed his hands on the mattress. The image of this fine gentleman in such a submissive position gave Kent the ability to see him in a more favorable light. With Eli still bent over, Kent grabbed his waist and pulled him closer to his cock. It stuck it deep inside Eli's ass, which made the latter gasp loudly. Kent could feel the young man shivering for a few seconds.

Eli whispered, "Oh, shit."

With his own dick deep inside his companion, Kent repeated his internal drive without his wife. Instead of putting her in this position, he had another man doing the same. And it felt satisfying. He thrust his cock in and out of Eli, who seemed to appreciate his obedience by constantly moaning. Kent wished he could see Eli's face as his forward motion picked up speed.

Both men became one in the master bedroom. Kent thrust his cock deep inside another man, and he enjoyed it. Eli's body moved to the rhythm of the impeccable thrusts. His own blond hair almost swung in all directions due to the intensity of Kent's instrument. Hips collided with the buttocks, causing a loud and rapid smacking noise that echoed across the room. Kent's dominance was the key to their success, and it went on without a phone call or a knock on the door. They were free to treat themselves to a successful venture. They created a balance that added a little more spice to their lives.

Kent shoved his dick deep into Eli's hole and showed no signs of exhaustion. Eli, on the other hand, remained bent over as he moaned louder. He had good proof to be Mandy's substitute. Worthy of recognition in the house.

Kent growled. "You like that, don't you?"

Eli almost had trouble saying, "Oh...it's unbelievable. Your dick feels so good."

The heat returned. Kent could feel the temperature rising from his benevolent behavior. But that didn't stop him from doing what he wanted. He attacked Eli's ass with great precision, and the stirring sensation from within began to arise once again.

Eli kept on moaning. "Oh, shit! It feels so weird."

That made Kent grin with excitement. "Get used to it. This won't be the last time that my dick is in your ass."

In a few seconds, both men got down on their knees. With his dick still inside Eli, Kent made sure that his finale would be ideal. With the two of them now on their knees together, in front of the bed, their productivity didn't cease. Kent kept on thrusting his cock into Eli's hole, and Eli didn't attempt to flee the scene. At one point, he even buried his face in the sheets. Kent must have targeted Eli's weak spot so many times that it grew exhausting. But Kent ignored it. He needed his fix in the morning.

"Go ahead. Take that dick like a good man."

Eli sounded like he clenched his teeth. "I am. I really am."

Kent's rhythm was endless. His hips remained swift in motion. His dick continued to satisfy his inner workings. He kissed Eli on the neck once more.

He whispered, "You're so fine."

Eli replied, "And so are you."

The young man turned his head and gave the man behind him a long kiss. Their lips stayed together even as both bodies maintained a fast and aggressive pattern. They breathed through their nostrils and held each other tightly. This event was made more memorable by their sensuous touch.

When Kent broke the kiss, he threw Eli down on the carpeted floor and lay down on the young man's back. He thrust his cock downwards this time. Eli lay flat on his stomach as Kent asserted his authority from above. His forward movements became stronger than before. He would never surrender to anything that cut his testosterone short. He needed this. He wanted this. This new approach gave him more life. He embraced this unusual turn and showed the other man in the original trio how powerful he could be.

Eli's moans had grown louder. "Yes, fuck me hard!"

Kent didn't need to hear such simple instructions. He already knew what he was doing. A few minutes passed, and he could feel the familiar stirring sensation from within rising. He knew that he would have to release his thick spray eventually. For now, dominating Eli had been such a fun time. He new that this would never be forgotten. His personal history would include a special deviation away from tradition. A break from his wife seemed appropriate. And now, he viewed Eli as his second mate, a second significant other intended to replicate Mandy's original role without question. It was a blessing that made his life more interesting.

And finally, he reached his goal. The grand finale included an infiltration inside Eli's narrow vessel. Kent stopped thrusting and rested on Eli's back. Both men breathed heavily from their actions.

Kent kept his dick inside Eli's hole. "You know, you're just as good as Mandy."

Eli chuckled. "I'll take that compliment."

* * *

But they didn't stop there. They spent the entire morning together in the master bedroom. Kent managed to keep his momentum lasting for another hour. He didn't care about anything else. He just wanted Eli for himself. And at one point, just as Kent stood up straight, Eli got down on his knees and began to caress the older man's dick with slow and steady fingers. Even with so much cum inside his asshole, the young man never gave in to his exhaustion. He pointed Kent's dick at himself as he stimulated it with his own hands.

Kent let him do the work. Even as his wife walked into the room and stopped. She had her eyes and mouth wide open with shock. She didn't expect to see both Kent and Eli naked while alone.

Kent just smiled at her and said, "You should have seen it. This man is incredible. He can really take some good dick."

Mandy looked down at Eli, who began to kiss the cock with wet lips while still caressing it.

Mandy uttered, "What the hell happened?"

Kent replied, "I don't have to explain anything."

As Eli's fingers prompted yet another future eruption, Kent let out a long sigh before saying, "You and he are mine. He's now a man that I'll be sharing the bed with when you're not around."

Mandy couldn't stop gazing at Eli, who opened his mouth just as Kent's ejaculation took effect. Big spurts of semen landed right inside his mouth and on his chin. He swallowed what he received within seconds. He already embraced his new role in the house, and that made Kent a more satisfied individual.

"I'm going to have a little trouble choosing between you and him when I'm in the mood."

Mandy's eyes were still wide open. "Are you sure you know what you're doing?"

"Definitely."