 Brad sat on the couch drinking a beer while his wife of the past 6 years Jessica was in the kitchen making dinner. See Brad is your normal 30 year old heterosexual male. He has short brown hair and green eyes. He thinks he has a nice body for his age. Medium build, with a nice piece of meat between his legs that after all these years he still loves to shove between his wife's legs.

However, Brad also has a secret. See Brad is Bi-curious. He has been interested in making love to another man for the past 5 years. Of course he has never acted on this fantasy. I mean he loves his wife. But sometimes when he is fucking her up the ass, he imagines in his mind that it is another man beneath him.

So Brad sat on the couch drinking his beer trying to figure out how to tell the woman he had spent the last 6 years happily married to that he was interested in having sex with another man, when the doorbell rang. 

"Honey, can you get that? It is probably Tony." Jessica called from the kitchen.

"Yea sure honey." He called, as he set his beer down then walked towards the door. Brad knew that Tony was Jessica's younger brother. 

Even though they had been married for over 6 years, Brad had never met Tony. Tony was 28 and had spent the last 8 years stationed over in Germany with his Army outfit. He was home now, after finishing up his time. 

He had told Jessica on the phone that he was tired of military life.

Jessica and Brad had talked about Tony staying with them for a while until he got on his feet, as her parents had moved to Miami two years ago when they retired.

When Brad opened the door, he had to cough to keep from drooling as he stared at the man standing on the doorstep. Tony was at least 6'2", 2-3 inches taller then Tony and had the typical military build. His blondish brown hair was cut close to his head. He also had Jessica's startling blue eyes. 

"Hi, you must be Brad." Tony said with a smile that made Brad feel weak in the knees. He gripped the door handle tightly to keep himself on his feet.

"Uh huh." He mumbled.

Suddenly he felt Jessica move up behind him. "Tony." She cried as her petite body brushed his as she launched herself into her brother's open arms.

Tony swung her around, laughing as he hugged her. "Damn it's good to see you." He said when he finally put her on her feet. 

Tony looked her over. Her blondish brown hair had darkened in the sun, her 36B tits pressed against her bikini top. His eyes moved down over the small bulge in her belly. "Are you putting on some weight?" He asked with a smile. 

Tony had always teased her for how small she was. Jessica had topped out at 5'4" and 100lbs when she turned 18.

Jessica smiled as she punched her brother playfully in the arm. "Well since you asked. Brad and I are expecting our first child in about 4 months." She laughed when her brother picked her up in his arms again.

"That's great." He said kissing her cheek when he put her down again. He turned to Brad, the smile never leaving his lips. "Congratulations."

Brad was finally able to get his body under control while Jessica and Tony greeted each other. "Thanks." He said with a genuine smile as he wrapped his arm around Jessica's waist.

"Come on in." Jessica said leading her brother into the house. "Put your stuff in the spare bedroom then come eat. Dinner's ready." She kissed each of the men on the cheek then walked back towards the kitchen.

When Jessica had disappeared back into the kitchen, Tony did something that shocked Brad. The younger man pulled him into his arms and kissed him right on the lips. The mouth was hard and demanding. 

At first Brad just stood there unsure what to do. But when Tony pressed his tongue against his closed lips he melted against Tony's trim body, returning the kiss.

The two men kissed for a minute, then Brad reluctantly pulled away. "What are you doing?" He asked in a hoarse whisper.

Tony smiled, not at all ashamed of his actions. "Kissing you." He said innocently.

Brad looked over his shoulder as he heard Jessica in the kitchen serving dinner. When it didn't sound like she would be coming back into the room anytime soon, he turned back to Tony. "But...but you're my brother in law."

Tony continued to smile as he ran his hand over Brad's cheek. "What's your point?"

Brad stepped away from Tony's touch. "But you're a man."

Tony stepped towards him, again bringing his hand to Brad's face. "Uh huh."

Brad took Tony's face from his hand. "I'm straight."

Tony's smile brightened. "Obviously not."

Brad looked at him. "What is that supposed to mean?"

Tony was saved from answering when Jessica came back into the room. "Dinner's served."

Tony gave Brad one more smoldering look then sauntered into the kitchen. When they were alone, Jessica looked at him. "Are you ok honey?"

Brad nodded, trying to figure out what had happened. "Um...Yea...I'm fine." Then taking his wife's hand, he followed his brother in law into the kitchen.

Later that night, Brad was lying on his back in bed with a roaring hard-on. He didn't understand it, he had spent the last two hours giving Jessica one hell of a ride until she begged him to cum. He had emptied himself inside her, and then rolled over onto his back as she rolled onto her side and fell asleep.

Brad knew what was wrong; he was picturing Tony in his room, probably naked. Brad groaned quietly as he pulled himself out of the bed. He knew he wasn't going to get any sleep until he took care of the problem between his legs.

He pulled his robe on, wrapping it tightly around his body as he moved silently down the hall to the guest bedroom. He didn't bother to knock, just opened the door. 

Tony was lying on his side, with the sheet pulled up to his waist. The lamp was on and his eyes were moving as he read his book. When he heard the door open, he lifted his eyes, then smiled. "I was wondering how long it was going to take you."

Brad walked slowly into the room, closing the door behind him. He wanted to wipe that smile off Tony's face. Instead he just sighed. "How did you know?"

Tony put the book on the nightstand, and then sat up, pulling his knees up until he could rest his arms on them. "That you're bi, or at least bi-curious? That was easy. I kind of figured it out when you undressed me with your eyes when you answered the door."

Brad blushed as he looked at the floor. "I'm sorry about that."

Tony chuckled making Brad look at him again. "Don't worry about it. That's the main reason I left the army. They don't take to well to anyone being gay." 

Not caring about his nakedness, Tony threw the sheet off of him, then repositioned so he was sitting on the edge of the bed with his feet on the floor. He felt Brad's eyes move down over him, resting on his 8 inch cock that was hard and pressed against his stomach. 

"Come here Brad." He said softly but made it sound like an order.

Brad looked at him in surprise, but obeyed the command. Slowly he crossed the room until he was standing between Tony's spread legs. He watched as Tony opened his robe, exposing his body to the other mans gaze.

Tony licked his lips when he saw Brad's 8inch cock resting against his stomach. He didn't ask permission, he didn't say anything. He just reached out, taking the hard flesh into his hand and slowly stroking it. "Ohhhhhh..." Brad moaned quietly afraid to wake Jessica.

Tony smiled but continued to run his hand slowly up and down over Brad's flesh. Leaning forward, he ran his tongue up the base of Brad's shaft, lightly tickling the flesh.

"Oh god." Brad cried gripping Tony's shoulders. 

Tony lifted his passion filled gaze to Brad's. "Do you want me baby?"

Brad was torn, he wanted Tony so bad he could taste it but he couldn't forget about the woman lying asleep in his bed. He hesitated to answer until Tony took the head of his cock into his mouth, sucking gently on it. "OH god...yes...Fuck yes. I want you." He cried hoarsely but quietly.

Tony kept his eyes on Brad, even as he lowered his head over the older man's cock. His tongue lightly teased him, making shivers run up and down Brad's body. Tony sucked him for a minute then let the hard cock slip from between his lips. 

"You want to fuck me don't you baby...?" He asked seductively. "You want to shove this piece of meat up my sweet little butt hole and fuck the shit out of it, don't you?" He squeezed Brad's cock making the other man moan.

"God help me, but yes. I want to fuck you so bad." He whimpered.

Tony watched him; he could see the struggle that Brad was going through. He had gone through the same struggle when he figured out he was gay. He liked guys, but he didn't want to. He knew the only way that Brad would come to grips was to give him what he wanted. 

"Ok then..." Tony kissed the head of Brad's cock one more time then pulled away. 

Brad watched as Tony pulled a bottle of lube out of his nightstand drawer then lay back on his back on the bed with his legs against his chest. "Lube me up and fuck me big boy." He said huskily as he slowly stroked his own cock.

Brad stared at Tony's bum hole winking at him, then grabbed the bottle of lube. He opened it quickly then pressed the opening right against Tony's ass. With a push on the bottle, he squirted a good amount up the other man's hole. 

"Oooohhhh..." Tony moaned as he felt the warm gel coat his insides. "That's it baby. Now lube up your cock and fuck me. I need to feel you inside me." Tony had both his arms locked around his legs. One hand was resting against his chest while the other stroked his cock.

Brad didn't need anymore encouragement then that. He squirted some lube on his hand then moved it over his hard cock before placing his knees on the bed, so he was resting between Tony's spread legs. He pushed his cock against other man's entrance then lifted his eyes to Tony's. 

Tony's eyes were dark with passion. "Fuck me." He said in that demanding tone again.

Resting his hands on Tony's spread legs; Brad flicked his hips forward quickly, burying himself completely into Tony's ass in one thrust. 

"Oh fuck." Tony moaned as his ass was quickly impaled.

Brad held himself buried in the other man for a moment. He closed his eyes feeling Tony's body squeeze him. "Oh god. That feels so good." He groaned.

Tony chuckled beneath him. "It will feel even better when you start fucking me lover."

Brad opened his eyes, looking at the man beneath him. He had dreamed of this for the past 5 years. He still was having a hard time believing that the ass he was buried inside belonged to another man and not his wife. 

He lowered his body over Tony's locking the other mans legs under his arms as he kissed Tony hard. Shoving his tongue into the other mans' mouth as he slowly pulled back with his hips only to slam back inside when he was only about halfway out.

"Oooohhhh..." Tony groaned against Brad's mouth as the other man fucked him with long, steady strokes. He felt Brad push deep into his body then pull out only to be welcomed back once again. The two men kept their mouths locked on each others as Brad impaled him with his cock. He groaned when Tony tightened around him then moaned louder when the younger man released him.

The two men were so involved in the pleasure they were bringing each other with their bodies that they never heard the bedroom door open or Jessica slip over to the chair at the desk to watch the action. She spread her legs wide, slamming 3 fingers into her hot hole as she watched her husband spear her brother with his cock. 

The moans from the two men were rising in volume as Brad quickened the pace of his thrusts. He pounded Tony's ass hard, making the younger man cry out in pleasure. "Oh fuck me....It feels so fucking good. Ride my ass baby. Impale me on your love stick."

Brad dropped his head against Tony's neck as he thrust wildly into him. He felt Tony's ass grip him whenever he tried to pull out. "God Tony, You have such a hot ass. I could fuck it forever." He growled locking his mouth on Tony's again.

Their tongues dueled together even as Brad slammed himself hard and fast into Tony's willing body. 

Tony's cock was getting stimulation of its own as whenever Brad thrust into him, his stomach was brushing against it. "Oh fuck...I'm gonna cum." Tony cried tearing his mouth from the older mans as his cock suddenly let go, flooding both of their chests with his stream.

Feeling Tony's ass clench around his cock as the younger man came, pushed Brad over the edge. He screamed Tony's name as he buried himself completely while emptying his balls.

When the two men came, Jessica brought herself to orgasm with her fingers. Her orgasm was so powerful from watching her husband and brother that she couldn't hold back the cry that left her lips as her body convulsed in release.

Both men looked at her. Brad's eyes were full of surprise and fear while Tony's face just held a smile. "Glad you could join us sis. It was about time."

Jessica just smiled at the bewildered look on her husband's face. "Sorry. Had to make sure he wasn't going to chicken out." She pulled her fingers from her spasming pussy then made her way over to the bed.

"What...What...What the hell is going on?" Brad asked as he watched his wife move on her hands and knees onto the bed. She didn't look surprised to see him fucking her brother, in fact, she looked happy about it.

Jessica kissed him gently." You mean you haven't figured it out love?"

Brad looked at her then looked at the smile on the face of the man below him. "You two set this up?"

Tony nodded as his body suddenly was rocked with laughter. His ass tightened around Brad's semi hard cock still buried inside him. "About 6 months ago. Jessica knew I wanted to quit the army."

"I also have known for a long time that you wanted to be with another man but were afraid of hurting my feelings." Jessica added running her hand over Brad's face, while she tried to hold back her own laughter.

Brad pulled out of Tony's ass with a plop then fell onto his back on the bed beside his laughing brother in law. He wanted to ask how Jessica knew, but when he saw the smile in her eyes as she laughed. He realized it didn't matter. He had been had.

He had been had and he loved every minute of it.

The End