 Sitting at my desk that rainy, grey Thursday afternoon, I wondered what the point of it all was. I mean, really...how many times did this one short communication need to be tweaked before it was ready for publishing? A short memo about new parking passes had been back and forth for edits over 8 times at this point. Changes here, changes there. One more change if you don't mind? This was my reality. I wrote what I felt were really compelling pieces, about really mundane topics, then sat back as business folks with no writing skills whatsoever butchered them to death. The pieces that ended up being published were, more often than not, mere shells of what I had initially proposed. It was depressing. And deflating. I was better than this. I was creative. Somehow, though, I was still here...stuck in a rut...writing drafts about boring office procedures and policies...only to see them re-written and watered down, time after time. This wasn't the life I had pictured for myself 5 years ago, fresh out of college. I had big dreams, and right now the only big things in my life were student debts and a mortgage. I took a big gulp of coffee and sat back in my chair, stretching my arms overhead and yawning loudly, enough to ensure everyone within a 5 mile radius could hear.

Ping! A new email in my inbox. Let me guess...another change to that damn parking pass memo. Fuck me.

As I scanned the From: and Subject: fields though, my curiosity peaked. This was definitely not about the parking passes. I almost couldn't believe what I was reading. My heart stopped.

From: Zach

Subject: Nice day for a walk, sir?

A sudden wave of excitement rushed through my body. Goosebumps appeared on my hairy forearms. My fingers rushed to Ctrl + Alt + Del in a matter of seconds while my mind raced to catch up. I don't know why, but I felt compelled to lock my workstation, as if I had something to hide or be ashamed of. How did he get my email? How did he know I worked here? What did he want?

I had met Zach about 5 months ago while I was out for a walk during lunch hour. What happened that afternoon was incredibly hot. It was unplanned and it was the best fuck I'd ever had. He was everything: dark, tall, handsome, hairy, well-dressed, mysterious. While our time together had been brief, it was thrilling. But how had he gotten my email address? I was excited and a bit concerned, too. Was he stalking me? Had I made a mistake in following my instincts that hot, humid June afternoon? I had been so tempted by his hairy chest, exposed by his unbuttoned dress shirt. One button led to the next and before I knew it, I was fucking his tight, hairy ass and cumming inside of him while he moaned and begged for more. And then it was over, just as quickly as it had started. We hadn't spoken to, or seen each other, since.

I looked over my shoulder to check that no one was watching and unlocked my PC to read the email again. There was no body, just a short message in the header testing my interest in another...uhmmm...walk. 

"Hey, how's that memo going? Did you get my last set of edits?" Out of nowhere, here was Annie. Fucking Annie. I began fantasizing about what I'd like to say to her in this moment, if I could say anything at all. Yes, Annie, I got your last set of edits and yes, Annie, they made me want to pack up my things and never come back.

"Annie...yes...of course! Good catches there, really. I'm so glad you were able to spot those oversights before the memo went live. I really appreciate the second set of eyes, Annie. Really, I do." I felt the bile rising in my throat, each word harder to utter than the last.

"Ok, great! So glad I could help! People tell me I should've been a writer. I guess they're right!" We locked eyes for a moment, then Annie's attention started to drift towards my computer monitor. I swung around quickly to lock the screen. "Paranoid much? Do you have a secret lover I'm not allowed to know about?" she cooed.

"Uhmmm, no. I just...uhmmm...I'm working on something confidential, that's all," I lied.

"Well, tell that to your crotch sweetie," she giggled, and sauntered off, turning to wink as she went. I looked down and cursed under my breath. Not only did I have a raging hard-on, but I had developed a small wet spot on my pants from where my pre-cum had been pooling in my black silk running shorts. Sometimes I wore them to work for fun, given how amazing the silk felt against my balls. Seeing the email from Zach had elicited an unconscious sexual response in me, and Annie was unfortunately a first-hand witness to it. I had worked with her for nearly a year at this point, however, and trusted her not to spread gossip or make more of it than she had already. She prided herself on being a fag hag, and probably got a kick out of seeing me this way. 

Once more I opened the email to read it. This time, and before I knew what was happening, my fingers started to type a response. "See you at the intersection in 15. You know what to wear, sexy." Enter. 

Holy shit, what had I just done? I bolted out of my seat and walked swiftly to the office restroom, finding the closest stall and locking the door behind me. I would have to tidy up quickly.

I walked outside and was immediately greeted by a cool wind from the north. November was certainly not June when it came to weather. The stifling heat had been replaced by cool breezes, falling leaves and frost on the ground. I headed up the main boulevard towards the very same intersection I had met Zach at five months ago. As I got closer, I looked around to see if he was approaching. There was no one in sight. I walked up to the corner and paused...hands in my pockets...nervous as fuck but doing my best to act calm and cool. Time passed as I waited longingly for my June lover.

Then, from across the street, I saw him approaching. Just like last time, he was wearing fitted slacks and a tight dress shirt, only this time it was light pink. He looked freshly shaven and held my gaze. I waited for the light to turn and began to cross the street, each step taking me closer and closer until I was right in front of him and could practically taste his aura.

"Hey," I said casually.

"Hey yourself," Zach replied. "You look nervous. Everything ok?"

I squirmed and replied awkwardly, "Oh yeah, of course. It's all good. Just a lot going on at work, you know?"

Zach looked at me and smiled. He reached out with his left index finger and rubbed my face gently, from my cheek to my lips. "You're nervous and I like it. You want to fuck me again."

His confidence was exhilarating. The wind whipped his shirt collar up and once again I was treated to a view of his manly chest hair. It turned me on so much I could hardly stand it. Each gust of wind revealed his jet black forest, clinging to his pecs and the dimple on his lower neck.

"I found your business card in my sheets after you left," he said in a very matter-of-fact way. "I kept it on my nightstand and worked up the courage to email you today."

"Courage? You don't seem like the kind of guy who needs much of that," I laughed. He smiled. "I'm glad you emailed me, although I have to say the timing was a bit...interesting. My colleague Annie was walking by and stopped to talk to me just as it arrived in my inbox. I got rock hard immediately. She definitely got an eyeful."

"Annie...hmmm...have you fucked her?"

"What? God no! I'm 100% gay...no pussy for me. Why...wait...are you bi or something?" Zach looked at me with a twinkle in his eye.

"I don't much like labels," he said. "But if you're asking if I've fucked women before, then the answer is yes."

"Was that something you did when you were younger...or...are you still into both?"

"I'm into you right now," he said. "And you're gonna be in me pretty soon. So really, what does it matter? I do what feels right in the moment and in this moment, I want you inside of me."

Fuck. He was so confident it made me crazy. I could see his pants bulging now, an outline of his dick visible through the cotton slacks. It pulsed a couple of times and when I looked back up at his face, he was grinning and gave me a quick wink. I watched as he slowly unbuttoned his shirt...one...two...three. He opened it just enough to show me his nipples, surrounded by lush, dark fur. It was thrilling. He had no qualms about doing this right out in the open. As the wind gusted again, he proceeded to do up two of the buttons and then began to walk in the same direction he had come from. I followed.

We got about one block from his flat when he stopped suddenly and turned back to face me. I couldn't see what he was doing, but he had one hand behind his back and seemed to be reaching for something. I heard what sounded like a muffled 'pop'. He turned and began walking again. And that's when I saw what Zach had done...and what had made that sound moments ago. A small tear in his pants revealed his hairy ass as he marched proudly forward. I could see what looked like the sliver of a thong riding up his backside as well. He was literally begging me to get in there and fuck the life out of him. 

Walking into his flat this time, I was more aware of my surroundings than I had been back in June so I wasted no time in getting started. I got on my knees and spun him around so that his ass was facing me. Grabbing fabric with both hands, I ripped his pants open further and rejoiced at what I was seeing. His ass was just as plump and muscular as I remembered. He didn't shave, so a furry wonderland surrounded his juicy hole and extended outwards, covering his ass cheeks with soft, dark curls. Zach was sporting a black thong. It hugged his balls and the thin fabric ran up the middle of his hole before wrapping itself around his waist. I took the thong with my finger and pulled it back just enough to see his wet hole and tapped it a few times with my other hand. He moaned gently each time my fingertip made contact. Then, I released the thong from my grip and it slapped back against his skin. Zach cried out in ecstasy. "Oh shit, yes. Do that again!" 

I complied and pulled back his thong further this time, letting it go moments later and smirking as it smacked against his backside. I repeated this several times before taking the thong with my hand and pulling it aside, preparing to dive in face first for a taste of his Arab ass. Our play so far had moistened him up, but my tongue was about to turn his hole into a fucking spit swamp. I buried my face in his ass, flicking my tongue up and down and side to side, while my hands pried his cheeks apart for maximum pleasure. As I exercised my tongue, I ran a finger up and down his crack, pausing every now and then over his hole and giving a light push. I repeated this several times before giving my finger a nice, deep suck and then sinking it deep into Zach's backside. He pushed himself towards my finger as it entered, taking it like a pro. "Too easy, sir," he said. "I can take at least three to start." I readied two more fingers, then gave all three a good suck before shooting them back inside. Zach's sphincter opened itself wide for me, rejoicing in the deep massage I offered. As I finger fucked him with my left hand, I let go of the thong with my right and reach around front of his package to feel his girth. Clearly he was enjoying the anal play because the thong pouch was soaked with a sticky layer of pre-cum which I spread around with my thumb before taking a taste of the salty goodness. 

Zach turned himself around, forcing my fingers out of his ass and his pouch into my face. I licked his cock through the thin, slinky fabric, getting more and more of his pre-cum flavour in my mouth. This went on for a few minutes. As I looked up at Zach to gauge his level of excitement, he met my eyes and winked once more. Slowly, he started to unbutton his dress shirt which had now become soaked in sweat, especially around his pits and across his pecs. A small gold chain revealed itself, nestled in his bush of chest hair. I reached up with both hands, each one rubbing his pectorals, grabbing at the chest hair and tugging roughly. Zach took my left hand and placed it over his nipple. I squeezed and toyed with it while he squirmed in delight. I pulled his thong off with my free hand. Each time I squeezed his nipple, another bead of clear pre-cum appeared from his dick slit, which I eagerly lapped up. Like a reservoir, I hoped he'd never run dry.

Zach now had his torn pants at his ankles, the thong around his knees, and his dress shirt unbuttoned, revealingly open for me to play with his torso and all it had to offer. He grabbed me under the chin and pulled me up to my feet, driving his tongue into my mouth and deep throat kissing me like an animal. He was ravenous, as if he hadn't been fed a man in months. I was happy to oblige.

As we kissed deeply, Zach used one of his free hands to unbuckle my belt and unzip my slacks, pulling them down and fondling my hard cock through my silk running shorts. His muscular hand stroked me firmly, my foreskin rubbing up and down the bulbous head of my cock. Our chests touched and rubbed hard against each other. Feeling his sweaty chest hair and his firm nipples against my own body made me shudder uncontrollably. My teeth began to chatter.

Zach dropped to his knees and took my cock into his mouth, still covered in my silk shorts. His saliva moistened the fabric and I felt every glorious flick of his tongue on my large, throbbing head. After a few moments, he finished undressing me, putting my now naked and exposed meat in his mouth for a full suck. His eyes teared up as he sucked mightily, barely stopping for air. He began to spit and soak my cock, lubing it up au naturel in preparation for the big event. I knew what was coming next.

As my cock dripped with Zach's spit, he led me towards the bed. It was unmade from the morning. His sheets were black silk and they felt cool as I lay back onto the bed, lowered by his muscular arms. Zach was nude except for his open, pink dress shirt. He licked the palm of his hand and stroked his fat, uncut cock. Each time the foreskin moved back, his head became shinier and stickier. He lowered his face to my cock, giving it one more deep throat coating, before straddling on top of me. 

Looking at me intensely, he grabbed both of his nipples and began to lower his ass onto my throbbing member. I couldn't wait to feel his warmth again. "Get ready for the ride of your life," he said confidently, and then dropped his ass onto my wet, pulsing cock. As I entered him, he pinched his nipples tighter and moaned deeply. "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck," he groaned. He took the full length of my cock on his first descent, and began gyrating up and down, his hands leaving his nipples now and heading towards mine.

I reached up to his shoulders to remove his shirt. It stuck to his back as I peeled it off. Zach, meanwhile, massaged my left nipple with his thumb while stroking himself with the other hand. He was in ecstasy, as was I. I could feel his thigh muscles spasm as he lifted and dropped himself on me, over and over again, each time feeling deeper and deeper than the last.

"I wanna fuck you sideways," I begged. Zach smiled and dismounted. He lay his back to me and lifted his left leg, once again exposing his juicy hole, now open and gasping for more cock. I positioned myself behind him, entering with one hard thrust, reaching over his shoulder and massaging his hairy pectoral muscles. 

"You are so amazing," I yelped. "Fuck, you're so amazing!"

Zach replied, "Shut up and fuck me deep! Make me moan, sir!"

I thrust harder and harder, my balls slapping against his sweaty, hairy ass. Zach turned his head to me and opened his mouth, his tongue and mine meeting to play happily with each other while I fucked him like crazy from behind.

"I'm coming soon, are you?"

While I wanted this to last forever, I had no choice but to offer a similar reply.

As I fucked him deep, he stroked his cock harder and with more intent until he shot a thick, white stream of cum onto the black silk sheets. Once, twice, three times his cock pulsed a steady flow into the air. I wished in that moment I was receiving it in my mouth, but I was occupied elsewhere. As I pumped his ass and moaned with delight, Zach could tell I was about ready to dump my load as well. He pulled away suddenly, turning on his knees and taking my cock into his mouth. He sucked and massaged it like a pro until I felt my balls unleash a torrent of salty cum into his mouth. Zach sucked and sucked until every last drop was out of me, then fell backwards onto the sheets, his dick flopping to the side and oozing a bit of what he had left in him.

I ran my hands over his hairy torso, then took his now flaccid cock into my mouth, tasting the cum that dripped out from his hole. A perfect finish to a perfect fuck. I slowly moved my mouth off of his member and up his chest, stopping to taste his hard nipples one more time before giving him a deep kiss, laying my full weight on top of him. Zach pulled the silk sheets over top of us and we lay there, panting and sweating, catching our breath. We stayed like that for nearly an hour.

I woke up suddenly, feeling a sense of panic set in. I had fallen asleep! Zach lay next to me, still in a slumber. His back was facing me. Zach's torso rose and fell with each deep breath. I had been gone from work for nearly 3 hours at this point...someone would surely have noticed.

Choosing not to wake Zach, I slowly got out of his bed and gathered my things, putting my somewhat sweaty and wrinkled clothes back on and running my hands through my hair in an attempt to look decent. Annie would take one look at me and know exactly what I had been up to.

I headed for the door, but stopped short. I needed one more thing before leaving Zach this time. What if we didn't see each other again for 5 months? What if we didn't see each other again, period? What if he met a...gulp...woman...fell in love...and lived happily ever after? I needed something to remember him by. 

Over in the corner I spotted a set of dresser drawers. I quietly opened the top drawer, only to find a series of coloured boxer briefs. Disappointment sank in. I closed the drawer quietly and opened the one below. Socks. Fuck. I was just about to walk away and give up, but paused and glanced back towards the bed. I approached the bedside table and opened the top drawer, and...jackpot. I had found Zach's treasure trove of sexy, slinky underwear and jocks. A cock ring and a bottle of lube appeared as well, not that we had needed either of those. I could only take one, so had to think fast. As my fingers made their way through the various items, my cock started to harden. I happened upon a pair of briefs that felt like silk, so I pulled them out of the drawer. Yes! The same pair he had worn in June, with the three buttons down the front. I couldn't wait to put them on at home, imagining him and me together all over again. Bunched up in my hand, I stuffed the silk briefs into my pocket and quietly closed the drawer. If he noticed, he'd know who took them and I was quite certain he'd be ok with it. If he didn't, oh well. No harm, no foul.

I walked out of Zach's flat quietly, taking one last look at my Arab prince laying in his silk sheets, his hairy chest exposed with the gold chain glimmering in the sun that passed through the windows. I headed out, closing the door behind me. As I did, I suddenly got the sense I was being watched, but the door latched and locked before I could turn around. Shrugging, and focused on getting back to work, I headed down the steps and made my way with a hurried stride.

Zach smiled slyly as he looked into the floor to ceiling mirror across the room. He had been watching intently as his fuck mate had rummaged with curiosity through his underwear drawers, taking the sexiest item of all and stashing it in his pocket. He was very much looking forward to next time, when it would be his turn to open the silk brief buttons with his teeth and welcome a raging cock into his mouth. He closed his eyes, cock in hand, and stroked himself to sleep.