 Jake:

I pulled on a green t-shirt and slipped on some black jeans. I tousled my hair a bit. I couldn't wait to see him. I checked myself in the mirror. I was so tired, but I had to go.

I hopped into my car and went on my way. I pulled up into the driveway. There were so many cars I parked down the street.

****

Tyler:

I found myself constantly staring at the door. I needed to see him. I was so excited. Looking over at the door, I saw 3 people walking through, still no sign of Jake.

The music was loud and there were so many people. Maybe he's already here? I went to get another drink. I poured some Red Bull and vodka and went to the living room. Viv was dancing and some guy and Carrie were grinding against her. It was only 10 and she was already wasted.

The thing about Viv was she was a sweet girl, but she was crazy about sex, alcohol and weed. She doesn't seem like that kind of girl, but she is. And Carrie? Don't get me started about her. She was a party ANIMAL.

I turned around and tried to make my way through the people. I only knew about... 40% of the people here. I saw Danny and Gabe smoking. They motioned me towards them.

"Some party." Danny said. "I don't even know any one here."

We all laughed, "Do you think Viv even knows these people?" Gabe chuckled. I shrugged.

Then I saw Jake standing and talking to some girls. I walked over to him. "Hey." I said.

He looked at me and smiled. "Hey." jakes sweet voice replied.

My heart fluttered and if he said anymore my heat would explode. "Not much." I smiled. "How've you been?"

That lead to a long conversation.

"Do you want to go somewhere quiet?" I asked, he lauged.

"Luring me in, aren't you?" I blushed and we both started to laugh. "Yeah. That sounds nice." he said.

We walked over to the room I was staying in. Thank goodness I locked it. I grabbed the key and went it. He followed and I locked the door behind us. He smiled at me. My heart was beating so fast I was going to have a heart attack.

The room was pitch black but I some how found my way around. I turned on the desk lamp to keep the lighting down. He sat on the bed and I sat next to him. I wanted to touch him so bad. "God I missed you". I whispered to him. Our lips were so close it mocked me. I dove in tasting his sweet lips.

****

Jake:

I felt his soft lips against mine. I placed my hands on the side of his face. He tasted so good.

I can't do this.

I pulled away and stood. I looked at his shocked face and went for the door.

"Wait." He grabbed my hand. "Please. I'm so sorry. I won't do it again I swear." I felt his breath on the back of my neck.

"How do I know? Tyler you're not even out yet." I said, raising my voice.

"I just won't, Jake. I did it once, I won't do it again."

He was looking at me but I refused to look at him. "I poured my heart out to you, Ty. I've loved you all my fucking life. I was always there for you, I never judged! The day I told you I loved you, you just left!" I yelled. I was so angry with him. After everything, he expects me to forgive him. And I'm letting myself forgive him...

His face was blank and he stared out. Tyler's face, his expression, he looked to hurt. He looked up at me with is sweet blue eyes. The left one bruised.

"You think I wanted to?" he asked in a strong, hushed voice. "You think it didn't hurt me? God it was so hard to leave you." he whimpered. "It killed me everyday. I couldn't be with you. I was scared. Then when I tried to talk to you, to get you back, I got nothing."

Without thinking, I turned around and pulled his face into mine. I dove my tongue in his mouth. I couldn't help myself. I had to love him. There was a faint taste of alcohol on his tongue.

He pushed me onto the bed and got on top of me and our lips collided together. He ran his fingers through my hair and I felt his hard cock through his jeans. He pulled off his shirt and I pulled off mine. We laid there, he was in my arms. I buried my face in his hair. It smelt like soap. I kissed the side of his neck and his shoulder.

He softly moaned and turned around to face me. He looked deep into my eyes.

"I love you," he whispered. I kissed him slowly as if the last 6 months never happened. I wish they'd just disappear. He pulled away and snuggled his head to my chest. He looked so perfect.

****

Tyler:

I felt his heart beat. It was so peaceful. His smooth chest raised and lowered. His skin felt amazing against mine. I was lying in Jake's arms, something I've dreamed about for years. I wanted to know how long this would keep up. I hope it would be forever.

Young love never lasts. I was turning 18 in 3 weeks. I still had everything to do. I had to get out of my house, go to college. I knew Jake couldn't be with me forever. I wanted him to though. Who knew Midland High's number 1 bachelor was gay?

I laughed to myself. Who knew he wanted to be with me? He gently stirred and I realized he was asleep. I closed my eyes and hoped this moment would last forever.