 *Two weeks later*

Jake:

I've never been happier in my life. Everything felt good. Everything was right. We were going out tonight, the whole gang. Going to Randy's gay bar. We were going to have fun tonight. I've been waiting a whole week for today. I haven't been to Randy's in a while. 

I sat at work, we were slow for a Friday afternoon. "You can go if you want." Sadie offered.

"Nah. I'll keep you company." I smiled. 

"Suit yourself," she laughed. 

I felt bad for her. She didn't have a lot of friends, she didn't go out much. She's such a sweet heart too. She was just really shy.

"I was wondering, we're going to Randy's tonight, wane come?"

She laughed again, "I'm not gay."

"You don't have to be, half the people who are going tonight aren't. It's a fun place, the people there are friendly... Maybe too friendly."

Sadie smiled, "Really?"

"Yeah. They'll grind up on you but-"

"No, not that, you really want me to go?"

"Yeah. Sure. Why not?"

"Eh. I don't know... I really don't go out much. I don't have many friends around here. I kind of have no life for a 21 year old."

"You have me and you can make some tonight. Everyone's cool. Trust me, you'll befriend everyone."

"Cool, what time?" she asked.

"Around 9, what your address? We'll come pick you up."

She gave me her address and I wrote it down. We spent the rest of the shift chatting, I got three tables, then I went home to get ready. I had to pick up Tyler, Vivian and Sadie. Wes, Carrie, Mike and Stacey were meeting us up there with a few more. Tonight is going to be awesome. 

What do I wear? I should be a little conservative tonight since I'm going with Tyler. The thought made me smile. I'm going with Tyler. I smiled again. I put on a snug shirt and some jeans and went to Ty's house. Viv was there too so I'd only have to go to two stops. 

When I got there I called them. "We're almost done," Viv said and hung up. That means another twenty minutes. I laughed to myself and waited patently. They finally got out. Viv was wearing a short, dress that stopped about mid-thigh and the end looked tutu like. Tyler was wearing a black button-up shirt with sleeves that stopped above his elbows and dark red jeans and his hair was slightly spiked. 

They got in and Ty sat next to me, Viv sat in the back. "Hey," he said and kissed me. 

"Hi. Were going to pick up a friend of mine, is that okay?"

"Yeah, the more the merrier," Viv said. "I text Carrie and Wes, they're going to be there around 9:15."

"Cool, we'll be there by then." I drove to Sadie's house and she was waiting outside. She hopped into the back seat.

"Hey, guys, this is Sadie, my coworker. Sadie, this is Viv and Tyler. They don't bite... Unless you're into that stuff." we all were laughing and Sadie and them were hitting it off good. A lot faster than I thought. Viv and Sadie chitchatted in the back seat and Ty was holding my hand. 

"You look nice," I said. He blushed.

"You should see what I have under here," he whispered and laughed.

"Well I'll just have to see about that, won't I?" I smiled at him.

Viv cleared her throat. "Excuse me. You guys can act all sexy later." We all cracked up. 

I pulled into the parking lot, it was 9:20. We got out and heard the loud music. Tyler was still holding my hand as we walked in, the bouncer greeted us and let us in, he didn't ID, we didn't even have to pay. We saw Carrie and the guys sitting at the table and we walked over and joined them. Carrie ordered drinks for everyone. Wes and Mike went up to dance, we watched them from the table. One minute they were dancing, the next they were humping and trying to swallow each other. 

All of the girls started to dance and started a frenzy, it was ridiculous. We all laughed and danced. I went to the bar to order another round. I sat on the high bar stool and Tyler followed behind me. He leaned up and pressed his lips against mine, I slid my tongue over his. 

"Are you having fun?" I ask.

"Oh yes." he smiled, "but just wait until later, because tonight, I'm all yours."

I kissed him deeply again, "I can't wait." He walked back over to the table and talked to everyone, I brought the shots over.

"To life!" Viv cheered, half drunk. We all clinked our glasses together and drank, then lime. I was feeling good. I couldn't wait to get with Tyler, alone and in my arms. I wasn't just going to fuck him tonight, it was going to be long and passionate. I made sure my house was going to be empty. 

We drank and had fun, it was around 2, almost closing time. We all left, thank God I wasn't too drunk, nor was Wes so every one would get a safe ride home. I dropped Viv off at her house, then Sadie. Then I drove past Tyler's house, he smiled at me and knew what we were going to do. 

We got in and I pressed him against the wall and kissed him deeply. I traits kisses down his neck. He dragged us up stairs and we got into my room. He pulled off my shirt immediately and unbuckled my pants. He threw me aggressively on to the bed. He peeled off his shirt and pants to reveal a tight thong, I was so hard.

I sat up against the backboard of my bed and he crawled on top of me and kissed me. He got up and did pelvic thrusts in front of my face. I rubbed my cheeks against his bulge and sucked through the fabric. He moaned and I pushed him on his back kissing his body, his warm chest. He rolled on top and kissed me. Tyler practically ripped off my underwear and kicked off his. He rubbed his long cock against mine, each time was like an electric shock. Something I needed. It felt so good. I laid him back and encased his dick in my mouth, I wanted to do everything to please him. He ran his fingers through my hair. 

"Mmm... Yeah. That feels so good," he whimpered.

I bobbed my head back and forth, sucking on his head. I kissed up his stomach and he pushed me down and licked up my shaft, I shivered. He sucked my balls, suctioning them in each one at a time. I felt like I was going to explode. I pushed him. Away and he laid on his side, I turned him around and grabbed the lube. I applied a lot. I gently nudged in. He groaned. I slid all the way and arched my back and his formed around mine so he was curved too. 

"Oh god, yes." he whispered, breathless. 

I thrust into him and rolled him on top of me. I entered in and out, he moaned in pleasure. It felt so good to be apart of him.

***

Tyler:

I laid in his arms, we were both hot and breathless, it was close to 5 in the morning when we finished. Now it's about 6. I snuggled into him and his arms wrapped tighter around me. Last night couldn't have been more spectacular. I knew in my heart I loved him, so much. He made me feel so complete. We both held each other close and decided on some sleep.

*

We both woke up around noon. 

"When does your mom get home?" I asked.

"Not until tonight. She's out of town visiting my aunt."

I smiled and kissed him. We both got dressed and went down stairs for breakfast.. Or lunch. I've worked up quite the appetite. We went down stairs and he fixed us something to eat. Then we kissed and held each other on the couch. 

"I have to go," I whispered. 

"No..." I smiled and kissed him again. We walked out to his car and I wound my fingers in his. He drove to my house and parked down the street. I kissed him deeply.

"I love you," I told him.

"I love you too."

I walked inside. My mom was up cleaning the house, my dad took the day off I guess. They were in the living room.

"Where were you?" my mom asked me.

"Out with some friends."

"With who?"

"Vivian, Carrie, Jake, Wes. Whoever I normally hang out with."

"Why do you hang around all house fags, Ty. You'd better get yourself some real friends." my dad laughed. "I hope that Jake boy didn't try to make a move on you." He kept making jokes. 

"Well did it ever occur to you that I'm a fag, Dad?"

The room got quite and he stopped laughing. 

"What did you say?"

"I'm a fag. I'm gay. I liked being fucked in the ass. I like sucking cock. What more do you want me to say to you? I'M GAY!"

My mother and father just looked at me with disgust. I could have worded that better, but that's what came out. And after all these years, how could they know I'm not gay? It's kind of obvious. My dad looked at me.

"You're not gay, those kids are getting into you. I cannot have a gay son."

"Well face it dad, you do. There isn't anything you can do about it."

He grabbed my shirt by the collar and slammed me against the wall. 

"You can't be gay! Do you know how disgusting that is, you little perv? Do you know how much God hates you?" he threw me onto the stairs. "Go to your room before I beat the shit out of you!" he screamed. I ran and locked the door behind me. I sat against it and quietly sobbed.

It felt good though.

I heard then yelling downstairs.

"What are we going to do?" my dad yelled at my mom.

"I don't know. How the hell did he end up gay?"

"It's those damned kids he hangs out with. What are our families going to say, Rachel?"

"I don't know." she said. I heard a slam. He probably hit kicked a wall. 

Two hours passed, the called for me downstairs. My dad was sitting at the dining room table and my mom was standing behind him. I sat down across from them.

"Were going to try this again. Tyler, you're not gay, those kids are brainwashing you." my dad said.

"No, I'm gay."

My mom looked furious "You aren't gay for Christ-sake! It's unholy. A man cannot love another man!"

"Don't preach to me about your God! You're the ones that get drunk and beat your child! You love each other more than your own children. That's why Addie left! And I do love another man. I love Jake, and he loved me."

She slapped me across the face, hard. She started to cry.

"Pack your bags" my dad said, "were going up to Seattle."