 All people in this story are of age and consenting. This story has gay themes of younger and older guys so if that isn't what you are looking for please choose a different story.

*****

"No, nobody else is coming. Just a table for one." 

He disliked saying that as soon as it came out of his mouth. It wasn't because he was lonely or wanted company but because as soon as he said it the waitress' demeanor changed. 

"Oh I am sorry, right this way. You can choose any table you like." 

After he had given his drink order and gotten comfortable he appraised the pub. It was a small pub, well furnished, with enough decoration to keep someone eating alone entertained through their stay. If the decor was any indication the owners of the pub probably had Scottish ancestors, which wasn't surprising in Wellington.

His appraisal of the pub was interrupted by the waitress returning with his drink and taking his order then disappearing to tend to another table. The pub was a little over half full of patrons and the low buzz of conversation was punctuated by the clink of cutlery and the tapping of mugs hitting the tables. He guessed that the heavy rain was the cause of the empty tables. 

...

Once he had finished his meal he started thinking about what to do next. He had planned on seeing a couple more parts of downtown but with this rain pouring down and without an umbrella he decided against that. He pulled his phone out and flicked through his daddy dating app.

There were some real sexy older guys in the area and he had a hotel room he could share but it was getting late and by the time he got in contact with someone it might be too late to do anything about it. He froze with his glass half way to his mouth. Wasn't there a sauna somewhere in town? A quick search on his phone showed that not only was there a sauna it was close by. He could feel his heart beating faster and a little sweat on his palms. Older guys with grey hair and a small Speedo on had always gotten him excited. His mind flicked to a porn video of two German grandpas that meet up, supposedly by accident, on the beach. The white haired grandpa is wearing an almost see through g-string and the bald one has all his cloths on. After talking for a short time they start feeling each other up and then strip down and start sucking each other off while someone walked into scene and starts jerking off watching them. Alex had a hard time not just cumming imagining he was the one watching them on the beach with his hard cock in his hand and wondered if they would have let him join if he was.

A bell chimed as the door to the pub closed and broke him out of his reverie. He felt his cock straining against his underwear and rearranged himself to relieve the pressure. He was still nervous at the thought of being naked in a room with other guys but it was also exciting and he could feel a little precum coming out of the tip of his cock. If there was only younger guys there or nobody at all he could at least warm up and relax in the sauna. After paying for his meal he stopped to put his coat on at the door and saw the rain was still coming down in buckets. He turned up his collar and stepped out into the rain with a slight smile on his face.

With each block he walked closer to the sauna he could feel his excitement ebbing a little and his shyness beginning to exert itself. What if nobody was interested in him? What if it was only younger guys? Was it bad manners to wear a towel? By the time he reached the destination on maps he had almost talked himself out of going and stopped, looking at the painted design on the floor leading back into the building. Taking deep breath and trying to steady his nerves he stepped into the hallway and walked nervously down the hallway.

"First time?" An older man behind a counter was appraising him as he stood battling with his shyness. 

"Yeah" he said huskily. He handed the man the entrance fee and a key and towel were produced and set on the counter.

"Bring the key back to the desk inside and put the towel in the hamper in the locker room when you are finished. If you have any questions or problems the staff can help you out." 

Alex thanked him and entered into a little room with a bench on one side and the rest of the room taken by lockers along the walls. He hadn't seen anyone but the clerk yet and that helped ease his nerves. He quickly took his damp clothing off and stacked it into a locker then wrapped himself in his towel for modesty and looped his key around his wrist. He walked out of the lockers and found himself in a larger main room with showers and a hot tub in it and several doorways that he couldn't quite tell what was beyond.

"Oh well," he thought, "plenty of time to explore later."

He took doorway on his right and found himself in another room which appeared to be a sitting room. Several armchairs and a couch were positioned around the room to allow a group of people to sit and talk and there was a public computer on a desk. It all looked like a normal living room except for the large murals of gay guys with hard cocks rubbing, sucking, fucking, and teasing each other. He scanned the room and found what he was looking for, a sign for the toilets. When he was nervous his stomach tended to work overtime and require frequent trips to the toilet and he hoped that his stomach wouldn't trouble him too much tonight. He could hear someone washing their hands at the sink as he walked to the toilets and hoped it wasn't a young guy. He glanced quickly at the sink as he entered and say a tall heavy set but not fat man with a towel around his waist also looking back at him from the mirror. Alex blushed slightly and stepped into the toilet and locked the door. 

Once he had finished using the toilet he cleaned himself well using the little spray hoses to make sure he didn't leave anything behind on the seats of the sauna and wrapped his towel back around him. The man that was in the bathroom when he entered wasn't still there and he was glad that he didn't have to turn anyone down yet. He walked back out to the showers and hung his towel up and got under the warm spray. He could hear a few sets of feet shuffling through the room behind him but he concentrated on making sure he was clean and didn't look around. Once he had finished he took a quick look in the mirror. He was 6 foot 2 with blue eyes, a slim build, and a round butt. His upper body had almost no hair except under his arms, however, starting at his navel and continuing down to his ankles he had a nice coating of dark brown hair including a full bush. Breaking his gaze in the mirror he put his towel over his shoulder and set out to explore the facilities. In a doorway past the showers he could see the sauna and there was a towel hanging on a rack so with his cock starting to expand once more he hung his towel on the rack next to the other one and stepped into the sauna.

There was only one person in the sauna and Alex averted his eyes as he entered, moving to the far end of the sauna and sat on the bench enjoying the hot air. He could feel the other man's eyes on him and he quickly looked up and caught his breath. The man caught his eye briefly and looked away letting Alex take a full look. Sitting against the wall was a man probably in his late 50's that was average height and build with dark hair and a slightly rounded stomach. His chest and legs were covered in a modest mat of dark hair and he was wearing a small leather and steel necklace. He dropped his gaze and felt the man look back in his direction. Alex didn't know what to do. He thought the man sitting there was quite sexy and would like to see where it went but didn't know how to make it happen without telling him directly but couldn't bring himself to speak. 

Deciding he had to do something to show he was interested he opened his legs a little and sat back on his seat resting his head back against the wall and letting his knees drift open and give the other man a clear view of his cock. He could feel the man's gaze on him and it made his cock grow even more. After what felt like minutes sitting in total silence he began to wonder what was acceptable to do next? Did this mean that the man wasn't interested or was he just shy as well? Should Alex just keep waiting for him to make a move or make one himself? The man was still looking at Alex when he opened his eyes and they locked gazes for a brief moment. Alex nodded briefly which prompted a nod from the other man who then dropped his gaze back to his feet. Alex noted that the other man's cock was growing as well and longed to touch it, to see what this other man's cut cock felt like in his hands. 

Alex half stood up and slid over to the bench next to the other man keeping half an arms length between them just in case the other man wasn't interested. The other man looked up quickly and followed his move to the other bench but kept his eyes focused on the floor. Alex relaxed back against the wall and looked out of the side of his vision at this sexy older man's profile. Being this close to holding another man's cock had Alex's cock standing fully at attention and slightly bobbing up and down as his pulse raced. Alex jumped slightly when he felt someones hand on his and even though he hadn't seen the other man move he had placed his hand on top of Alex's and they caught each others gaze again. With his pulse pounding in his ears and his mouth dry Alex nodded slightly at the other man which was returned along with a slight smile as he started running his hand along and up Alex's arm slowly.

Feeling like he had waited all evening for this Alex lifted his hand and lightly rested it on the other man's hairy leg. The man opened his legs even wider allowing Alex full access to his cock and balls. Alex couldn't take his eyes off the short thick cock before him as he slowly traced the veins and the shape of the head with his finger. He could feel the hard cock pulse as his finger ran under the head and again when he rubbed across the slit in the top. He was holding a strangers cock in his hand. He relished in the feel of it, soft on the surface but solid when he wrapped his hand around it and squeezed. He noticed some precum leaking out of the tip and slowly ran his finger through it, spreading the slippery liquid around the head and down the shaft.  

"I need to cool down, would you like to join me?" This was the first thing the man had said and Alex nodded and stood up, following the other man out of the sauna. 

He followed the man across the main room and into a room with a porno playing on a large screen with padded couches where he laid his towel down and then laid down on his side and started watching the men on screen. They were alone in the room and Alex, deciding to be more direct after the experience in the sauna, laid his towel down on the bench next to the other man's head. More interested in the man next to him, Alex ignored the movie and lightly ran his hand across the man's nipples and through his chest hair. The man's cock had deflated during the walk from the sauna but playing with his nipples was working wonders at rising it back to full strength.

With the sounds of two younger guys fucking in a sling playing on the screen behind him he wrapped his hand around the thick cut cock before him and started to slowly jerk it back and forth. The older man, breathing heavily and squirming a little, stared up at Alex as he took Alex's cock in his hand, making it pulse and twitch. Alex wasn't thick but his 7 inch cock was hard and leaking precum. With each other's cock in their hand both of them mirrored the others movements, moving slowly over the head then a couple quick rubs up and down the shaft then slowing back down, savoring the feelings. 

Alex looked up when another man entered the movie room but kept playing with the cock in his hand. He was shy about being naked around other people but something about getting caught with an older man naked, playing with each other's cocks, was exhilarating. The newcomer, Alex realized, was the man from the bathrooms and he was ok with him watching but didn't want to invite him for a threesome so he turned back to the man next to him. Alex could feel the man's cock starting to pulse in his hand when the man's free hand came to rest on his hand. With a slightly pleading look in his eyes Alex realized the man was soon to cum and didn't want to end the evening so quickly so he moved his hand up to his chest, once again rubbing and lightly pulling on his nipples. Alex could see the man's cock pulsing up and down even when his hand wasn't touching it and realized the man must be very close to shooting his load. He could feel the man's hand swirling over his cock head using his precum as lube, up and down sliding one finger across the head then on the next stroke using his whole hand. Alex had ever felt anything quite like this, the stranger's hand on his cock, being watched by another man, and the sounds of the porno in the background had him close to cumming himself. He wanted to last longer but also wanted to cum for this sexy older man at the same time and he couldn't decide which to do. 

The man's hand on his cock slowed and Alex watched as the man's cock twitched and he closed his eyes. Alex realized he was about to cum and didn't want to miss feeling his hot load shooting out between his fingers so he reached down and gripped the man's cock again, squeezing gently. The man stiffened and groaned and his cock pulsed one last time before his first shot of cum shot out of his cock and landed above his navel, resting for a second before beginning its slow decent back down toward his hairy crotch. The man's second and third shots of cum flowed out of his tip and ran down Alex's fingers mixing with the sweat of both men then dripping onto the man's balls. Alex rubbed the man's cock for another minute before it started to deflate and the man sat up on the seat. The man looked at him somewhat sheepishly, thanked him, and moved toward the exit of the room.

Alex was elated by his night so far. As he went to the toilet and washed his hands he reflected on the feeling of playing with another man's cock. It was such a turn on to know something of what the other person was feeling and to feel them cumming in your hands was an amazing feeling. Once he had finished cleaning up his cock was softening and Alex decided to find another old guy to give his load to. He went back into the porno room which was empty at this point and decided to wait to see who would walk in. 

The man from the bathroom walked in again and saw Alex sitting alone in the room. After waiting in the doorway as if deciding whether or not to try something the man walked in and laid down on one of the benches. Alex could feel the man looking at him more than the porno and kept his view on the screen. Alex wanted to wait and see if another hairy old guy would come in but the place seemed pretty empty tonight so he decided to take a quick look at the man on the bench. The man on the bench was taller than Alex by a few inches and had a very large physique. He wasn't fat or paunchy but the man had large square shoulders and a square waist not unlike a boxer or wrestler gone a little to seed. He was in his early 60's Alex thought with a bald head and a surprisingly kind face which was fixed directly on Alex. 

Alex was shy again and looked back toward the porno, wondering if the man was going to try and come onto him. After several minutes this proved not to be the case and Alex stole another look. The man was watching the porno this time and Alex took a long look and decided that with the lack of options maybe this man wouldn't be so bad. Without saying anything Alex slid along his bench until he was close to the other man and held his gaze.

"Would you like to..." was all Alex had time to say before the man gingerly reached out and rubbed his leg.

Alex was relieved that his advances had been accepted and reached down to play with the man's nipples. The man still had his towel around his waist hiding his cock and balls but Alex slowly massaged the man's chest going lower on each pass until he was putting a finger under the edge of the towel before going back up to his nipples. The large man put his hand out and held Alex's cock but instead of jerking him off he moved his head over and licked the tip of Alex's cock. Alex saw it coming as the man bent down but it still came as a shock the feel of this man's tongue on his cock, his not breath, and his breath on his skin. Alex moved his leg to the other side of the bench and moved his crotch up next to the man who took it as a sign and began sucking on head of his cock making faint sucking noises.

Alex was trying to process all of these new feelings. This man's hot mouth on his cock was soft and squishy and yet his tongue was rough and firm, licking all around his head and down his shaft as the man's head moved up and down. Alex was hard again in an instant. He wanted to reciprocate the incredible feelings this man was giving his cock so he moved his hand down to undo the towel so he could get access to the man's cock. When the man felt Alex's fingers under the towel trying to get to his cock he pulled his mouth off Alex's cock and looked up at him.

"Why don't we go somewhere a little more comfortable?" He asked and waited for Alex to decide. 

Alex was a little unsure of what the man wanted to do but the feeling of the man's mouth on his cock had been so much more than he could have hoped for. Alex nodded his consent and gathered his towel around him and stood up, waiting for the other man. They walked out of the movie room and down a dark hallway and into a room marked 'Orgy.' There was a mirror near the entrance but most of the room was taken up by a raised bed with padding on it where several people could kneel or lay down with ease. The man gestured and Alex laid his towel down then laid on top of it on his back. With a smile the large man climbed onto the padding on his knees lightly positioning Alex's legs so he could lay between them with his head above Alex's cock.

"Just relax and let me suck this beautiful cock," the large man said and then took Alex's cock back into his mouth and slowly slid down until his nose was resting in Alex's bush. 

Alex sucked in his breath. He realized now just how awkward their positions had been in the movie theater and laid back letting the feelings of this man's mouth bring him ever closer to an orgasm. The man was tireless, working on his cock slowly at first then faster, swirling his tongue around the head then running it roughly down the cock to the base. Alex was bucking his hips and squirming as the man sucked and licked his cock, bringing him close to shooting his load all over this strangers throat. The man could tell Alex was getting close to cumming and slowly pulled Alex's cock out of his mouth with a small pop.

"Would you like to put a condom on and fuck me?" The man asked. 

Alex had been prepared to say no if someone had asked to fuck him but he wasn't prepared for this question. Both older men tonight had driven Alex to new heights and he decided he wasn't going to let this man down. 

"I would love to" Alex said and tried to rise to get a condom but the man reached back to his towel and pulled out a condom and unwrapped it. 

Alex watched as the man put the condom on his cock, slathered it in lube, then turned around and got on his knees, bending forward until his head rested on the pads. Alex understood and got on his knees behind the man and slowly pushed against his sphincter. The man grunted softly and Alex, worried about hurting him, stopped and was about to pull out when the man pushed back onto him. Alex's bulbous head popped in and the man groaned and slid back until Alex's cock was buried half way in. Alex let the man adjust for a couple minutes then began slowly working his cock in and out feeling the man's ass muscles caressing and squeezing his cock. Alex was more horny than he had been in his life by this point with his experiences in the sauna and began picking up pace as he felt the start of the tingling sensation building in his balls. 
