 Most of my life has been an endless progression of long grey winter days. But there was that one summer. That magnificent summer. That summer on the beach. I had just turned eighteen and graduated from high school, and I had been accepted at a top ivy-league university for the fall term.

As a present for getting into such an illustrious institution, my parents had permitted me not to take a summer job working as an office boy or in some other lowly capacity. Instead they had rented a private cabana at the exclusive Turtle Green Beach Club for the summer, for my benefit only. They were both Executives at large corporations and didn't have the time to laze about in the sun. They also both hated the beach. But I loved it. I loved the feeling of the hot sand under my feet as I walked from the cabanas in the back down to the ocean across a quarter mile of yellow-white sand. There I would spread my blanket very near the shore line, and gaze at the waves flooding foamily up towards my feet.

So the cabana was really all mine. I think they came one Sunday, and my mother got too much of a sunburn and they never came again. I loved the cabana. It was my own private room on the ocean. It had a small refrigerator, and a propane gas stove, and a couch for me to lie on, and the couch even opened up into a bed. I could have stayed there all night. I could have lived there, if only they didn't make everyone leave and close the beach at nine p.m. every evening. 

The beach club even had a lovely little restaurant, and I was able to eat there and charge everything to the cabana, which charges my parents would pick up. It was the most ideal summer I had ever had. Usually, as I mentioned, I would have had to take a job, but when I was younger there were times when my parents took me to the beach, and my father even taught me how to swim. I was not a great swimmer, but I could get by. Even in the waves.

There were a lot of pretty girls walking around in tight little bathing suits also, and I could see the other boys ogling them, and even shamelessly rubbing their crotches. How rude. I would never do anything like that. And really I wasn't all that interested anyway. I didn't see what all my fellow male teens were so thrilled about. 

There was a girl at the beach who had been in my graduating class, and she was thought to be 'hot' and also to be somewhat of a slut. But I liked her. Her name was Cassie, and she wore the briefest little bathing suit. In fact there was only a thin strip of cotton climbing up between her buttcheeks. The cheeks themselves were totally exposed. The other guys really liked Cassie, but she was keeping them at a distance. The way she kept them at a distance was by making me a friend and keeping me close to her. 

The first day I went to the beach that summer, I went to my cabana. Number A47. I turned the key and opened the door. My own private place. I entered, and closed the wooden door behind me. I checked the refrigerator. It was empty. I would have to remedy that. I would need some sodas in there to quench my thirst and cool my sunbaked body. 

I opened my suitcase and took out the towels and blankets I would be needing, and also my shapeless square bathing suit. That was what everybody was wearing now. I hated it. I had a really nice slim body, and would have liked to show it off. I had seen pictures of a beach in Australia, and also of a beach in Rio, and in both places the men wore tight form-fitting swimwear. I really liked looking at those pictures. I wish I could have looked like that. But over here there was some unwritten law against parading around in such erotic attire. Over here the boxy square trunks were definitely a la mode, and you couldn't even buy anything else.

When I had changed into my suit, I covered myself with a liberal amount of sunblock lotion SBF 45—the best. I'm very fair like my mother, and can't afford to get badly burned. I took a blanket and a towel, plus the lotion, which I would have to reapply frequently, and opened the wooden door.

I locked it behind me, and slipped the chain necklace to which I had attached it over my head and around my neck. I started walking down toward the sea. The ocean was calling me. I let my toes clench into the hot sand with each step. It was a wonderful feeling. Almost erotic. And the beautiful turbulent ocean was spread out right there before me in all its fierce and untamed beauty. About ten feet from where the sea was washing up onto the beach, someone called me.

"Harry."

I looked over, and lying about ten feet away on a blue and green striped blanket was Cassie Millican, who had been in my class.

"Hi Cassie," I said. I think that that was the first time I had ever spoken to Cassie, or she to me. She was definitely the property of the athletic teams and out of my league.

"I heard you got into Ivy League," she said.

"Yes," I said. "I'm really happy."

"That's just great. I only got into Franklin Community."

"Well that's a good school," I lied, trying to make her feel better.

"Yeah. I guess. Whatever," she answered. "I didn't know you were a member here."

"Yeah. My parents took a cabana this summer."

"Neat. I just have a locker. You'll have to invite me up to your cabana for some libations one of these days.'

"Sure," I said. "But first I have to stock up. The place is empty right now."

"Don't just stand there," she said. "Put your blanket down next to mine. I'm glad to find a friend here."

"Okay," I said. I hadn't known I was her friend, but I was certainly happy to be considered one. She really was very good looking, and she had enormous breasts which were spilling out over the top half of her bathing suit. "You usually have a lot of company," I told her.

"Yeah. But none of my boyfriends are members here. I mean I can bring one in as a guest, but then the others hear about it, and then I have to bring them, and it goes on and on, and I don't even want to get into it."

"Okay," I said.

We talked about school. We talked about television shows. We talked about movies. And then we went in for a swim. The water was damn cold. I tippied in, and it took me almost twenty minutes to get my shoulders under and get used to it. But Cassie dove right in and just kept splashing around and laughing at me.

""Dive in," she encouraged me.

"It's too cold."

"It only hurts for a minute," she laughed, and then she began splashing me with cold water which wasn't very pleasant.

"Stop it," I told her.

"Dive in," she repeated, and finally I did. We swam around about six feet from the shoreline for about fifteen minutes. There were some people way further out, which I thought was pretty dangerous because there was an undertow, but I looked back at the beach and saw that the lifeguard was sitting in his high seat, watching everything behind those black glasses he wore. I assume he was watching and not sleeping. You really couldn't tell.

When we came out of the water and went back to our blankets, I had to reapply the sunscreen, and so did Cassie. She offered to do my back and I did hers. We were lying right next to each other, she at the very left edge of her blanket, and I at the very right edge of my own. 

We started trading school gossip and giggling and it was really pleasant with the sound of the ocean in the background. Suddenly a shadow blocked the glaring sun from my sunglasses, and I heard a masculine voice. 

"Hi, little lady. How are you?"

"Fine," said Cassie.

It was the lifeguard who had been sitting high up on his chair, but now another life guard had come on duty, and this one was on his break.

"How was the water?" he asked her, in this very sexy sounding voice.

"Great," she said. "Really refreshing."

"Yeah. I was watching you swim with your boyfriend here."

"He's not my boyfriend," said Cassie. "We're just friends."

"Is that so?"

I kind of bent my head back to get a better look. I was looking straight up. He had a strong slim build with muscular legs, and from what I could see from this upside down position, he was really good looking.

"So do you come here often?" he asked her. 

"Almost every day," she said.

"Great," he said. I looked up again. His eyes were glued on Cassie's chest, and though he was standing almost directly over my face, he never even looked at me. My eyes kind of traveled up his long tan legs and even into the loose leg holes of his swim trunks, and I saw it. His bathing suit didn't have a jock strap in it. He was just hanging loose inside the loose trunks, and I could see everything. I saw his two heavy hairy balls dangling down above my face, and above them was his penis, which seemed to be half stiff and was really thick and really long. 

He had no idea that behind my dark glasses I was looking at his imposing masculinity. More imposing every second. I started to feel strangely excited, as I have never felt before. Was this what the other guys were feeling while their eyes were locked onto Cassie's bosom, as now the lifeguard's eyes were?

I could feel myself getting hard in my own boxy suit, but I at least was well contained. My suit had a jock. Nevertheless, I couldn't risk exposing my condition, so I lazily turned over onto my belly.

"My name's Gary," said the lifeguard.

"Mine is Cassie," said Cassie. "And this is Harry."

"Hi there, nice to meet you," he said, bending slightly at the knees and stretching out his hand to shake mine. I shook his hand. He had a really strong grip. He probably was really very strong all over. He had to be, to be a lifeguard. He would need to have the strength to overcome a struggling drowning person, and swim him back to shore. That kind of strength seemed very seductive to me.

"Nice to meet you," I said.

"I hope I see you here again," he told Cassie.

"Do you want to sit down for a while?" She patted the blanket next to her. 

"No. Not now. Gotta grab a bite to eat and then get back on the job. If you need anything, just give a yell."

"Sure will," said Cassie. 

He started backing away, his eyes still tightly focused on the swelling breasts which her bathing suit could barely contain. He was so mesmerized that he didn't notice the little boy building a sand castle directly behind him, and totally destroyed it. The little boy started to cry. His mother came over and held him.

"Now, now, Stuart. It was just an accident. The nice lifeguard didn't see your castle."

"No. Sorry kid. I didn't see it. It was an accident."

"You can build another one," his mother told him, and finally his whimpering stopped and he began to reconstruct from the wreckage. But the little accident had served in tearing Gary's gaze from Cassie's tits. 

"See you," he said, and took off in a run across the beach toward the restaurant.

"Wow," said Cassie. "What a great looking guy."

"He really liked you," I told her.

"I know," she said. "I don't really want to encourage him though. I'm not ready for a relationship."

"You could just have a date," I told her.

"No. I just had an unpleasant experience. A little germ. I have to be more careful who I date," she sighed.

"Oh," I said, understandingly. I wondered which little germ it was. But Gary looked perfectly clean and healthy. She was letting a golden opportunity pass her by. 

From that moment on, all I could think about was Gary, the handsome lifeguard. Thank goodness I had those dark glasses and he didn't see the look of longing that must be in my eyes. He often came over and stood over my face, while talking to Cassie for a few minutes, and I got many wonderful peaks inside his swimtrunks. What a great dick. I didn't know what I wanted to do with it, but something.

I was obsessed with Gary. I could think of nothing else for the next several weeks. I kept wondering how I could get him to notice me, and even if he noticed me, then what? I certainly didn't have beautiful tits like Cassie. It was all so hopeless. But I couldn't stop thinking of him. I imagined him swimming out to save me from the turbulent seas and carrying me to shore in his long strong arms.

That was it. That was it. I needed to have him save me. I had found a course of action. But how would I achieve it, my final goal being to be lying on the couch or the open bed in my cabana, my head pressed against his hard chest, and his strong muscular arms encircling my pliant body. Obviously, I would have to pretend that I was drowning. It seemed so easy, but I just didn't know how to set the plan in motion. I was terrified.

Then Cassie got a summer cold and didn't come to the beach for a few days, and I realized that this would be my opportunity. Cassie would not be with me. I could wander out too far and be caught in the undertow. My heart was beating like a hammer inside my chest as I lay on my belly on my blanket, crushing my erection, and secretly devouring Gary in his tall chair. Without Cassie here, he never even looked in this direction for a second.

This was the time. Carefully I stood up and slowly made my way toward the water. It was always so damned cold. I wanted to tippie in slowly to get used to it, but if I took too long, he would go on his break and my chance would be gone.

I dove in. Yikes. It was cold. I paddled around and tried to get used to it and after a couple of minutes I did. Slowly I dragged myself out against the waves further and further from the shore, until at last the water was up to my nipples with my feet still touching the ground. I needed to go further. I would have to swim. I stretched out and paddled toward the horizon. I turned my head for an instant to look at the tall chair, and saw that Gary was watching me.

Suddenly a wave crashed against me and filled my mouth and my nose. It knocked me totally off balance, and all of a sudden it started pulling back toward the sea, dragging me along with it. I was twisting and twirling and the water was going into my mouth and my nose. I tried to swim against it, but I wasn't strong enough and it was dragging me out to sea. Out to a watery grave. Christ. I really was drowning. 

"Help," I screamed. "Help. Help." And I was flailing all around. I was trying desperately to keep my head above water, trying to suck in each breath of air before another wave sloshed salt water down my nose and throat. And suddenly he was there beside me. Gary. The lifeguard. I threw my arms desperately around his neck.

"Let me go," he said. "You're dragging me down." But I still clutched on to him like a life preserver. Finally he succeeded in pushing me off, and wrapping one arm around my body he swam back toward the beach. He dragged me onto the sand, and I lay on my belly choking and coughing up salt water. He straddled me and began pushing on my back, trying to force the sea out of my lungs. I coughed it out. 

But even as all this was happening, I was conscious of his strong thighs on each side of my body, and I could feel his genitals pressing against my buttocks as he sat on them. As miserable as I was, I raised my middle up a little to tighten the contact between his crotch and my butt.

"Are you okay?" he asked me.

"I don't know," I said. "Thank you. Thank you for saving my life."

"You know you're not supposed to go out that far," he chastised me.

"I know. I know. The wave just hit me and pulled me out. Thank you for saving my life."

"Can you get up?" he asked me.

"I don't know," I told him. I really was feeling very unsteady and didn't know if I'd be able to stand by myself. "Could you help me back to my cabana?" I asked him.

"Sure," he said. I pulled myself up along his body and totally leaned on him. He kept his arm tightly across my waist as we walked slowly to the cabanas.

"Which one is it?" he asked me.

"A47," I told him.

When we got to the wooden door, he let me lean my weight against him as he slipped the chain with the key over my head and unlocked the door. He led me to the couch and stretched me out on it. "Can I offer you something?" I asked him.

"No. Merv's on the tall chair now, but it's still my shift. I have to get back. Are you gonna be all right?"

"Yeah. I guess so."

"You'll be okay," he told me. "You just had a little scare. It'll teach you a lesson." And then he was gone. And that was it. I had planned the drowning. I had done the drowning. I had really done the drowning. And what now? My vaguely sexual fantasies had come to nothing. 

But then an idea began to form in my head. I went to the liquor store and stocked up on everything. Three days later (fortunately Cassie still had her summer cold) I approached the tall chair with my latest plan.

"I can't ever thank you enough," I told him. "You saved my life. If it weren't for you I'd be lying at the bottom of the ocean right now."

"It's okay, kid. It's my job. That's what I'm here for."

"But I really want to thank you. Why don't you come back to my cabana for a drink?"

"Can't, kid. I'm on duty."

"Well what time do you get off duty?" I asked him.

"Six p.m.," he told me.

"Well, why don't you come over when you get off and have a drink or two?"

"Well maybe I might. I always like a little nip after a boring day at the beach.

"Great," I said. "I'll see you later."

"Right," he answered.

"It's A47," I reminded him.

"Yeah. I remember," he told me. 

I went into the water for a few minutes, but just to cool off. I only went as far as the water coming up to my knees. I didn't try to submerge myself at all, which was great. I hung around the beach until around five. I think it was around five. I didn't have my watch. I went up and took a shower and went to my cabana and changed into a clean bathing suit. 

I checked in the refrigerator. Plenty of ice. I put two tall glasses on the table and surrounded them with a bottle of every kind of liquor. I had scotch. I had rye. I had bourbon. I had brandy. Gin. Rum. Whatever he might like, I was covered. I took my watch out of my pants pocket. It was almost six. My heart was hammering in my chest. I didn't know what I wanted to happen. But something.

And after a little while, there he was standing in the open doorway, tall and suntanned with his curly black hair, and his white teeth gleaming in contrast to his bronzed face, and those great muscles of his. He was so strong and so manly. I was not strong. I needed his strength.

"Hey," I said. "Come on in," and I patted the couch next to where I was sitting. He sat next to me.

"What would you like to drink?" I asked him.

"You got scotch?" he asked me.

"Yes," I said.

"You got ice?" he asked me.

"Yes," I said. 

"I'll have a scotch rocks," he told me.

"I drink that too," I told him. Like really I didn't drink at all. Or smoke. I lived a completely healthy life style except for maybe almost drowning once in a while.

I got up and went to the refrigerator and took out an ice tray. I emptied it into a silver bucket on the table. I put two cubes into each of two glasses and poured in some scotch. I crossed over and held out a glass to him. He took it, as I sat down once again next to him.

He took a swallow. I took a swallow. Yucch. Nasty stuff. 

"Damn. That hits the spot," he told me. "Just what I need."

"Yeah. Me too," I said, and took another swallow. He took a few more swallows and held out his glass. I took it to the table and filled it up. Then I finished what was in my own glass and filled that up too. I sat down on the couch next to him again. I could feel the heat of his left leg against my right leg.

"I can never thank you enough," I told him again. "You really saved my life. I really owe you."

"Like I told you kid. It's my job. Just don't make me do it again." He finished his glass and handed it to me. I wobbled slightly, walking to the table. I did not refill my own. I was already a little tipsy. I took my place next to him again.
