 Note: Despite anything mentioned in this story or the previous one, unprotected sex, even oral sex, can transmit STDs. Please practice safe sex. 

*

I woke up before Tim again. This didn't particularly surprise me. According to Fiona, who had been involved with each of us and was still a close friend, he was a night owl and it was the next thing to impossible to drag him out of bed before noon. I suppose that I should take it as a special point of pride that he woke up at dawn for an unexpected and amazing sex session. Not wanting to press my luck, I gently shifted his arm and slid out of bed. I stood by the window for a little while to watch him sleeping and to listen to the gentle patter of the rain. Some people look angelic when they're asleep; not he. Tim looked like some sort of wild spirit, naked, with his hair spiky and in disarray. To me, this is much more attractive than an angel and on a much more instinctual level. Certain instincts were in fact taking effect and I decided that I had best get moving before I interrupted his rest again. We'd have more sex later. Much more, if I had anything to say about it.

Since I was already feeling a little bit chilly, although not quite cold, I very quietly laid and lit a fire in the stove. Apparently not quite quietly enough, as a pillow hit me in the back of the head as I tiptoed to the door. "Hey," I squawked, "I can think of much better things to do if you're awake." Tim sat up a little bit in bed, the blankets pooling around his hips. One dark eyebrow lifted in a devilish arch, "I just bet you can." A tremendous yawn split his face, "But if you don't mind, I'd like to try those ideas later when I'm feeling energetic. Now, if you would be so kind as to return my pillow…"

"Fine, but only because you're going to need to be damned energetic indeed for what I've got in mind." I grinned broadly and walked the pillow back to him, collecting a brief, but enthusiastic, kiss as my reward. Then I headed out into the living area and gently shut the door. I quickly looked around until I found my watch, no mean task, given the clouds of dry and damp cloth hanging from the ceiling. Fortunately, the sheets over the table where my watch sat seemed to be almost dry. Unfortunately, some of the clothes had dried out too. Well, maybe we would just continue our pleasant nude adventure anyway… It was only 9:30 on our first full day, after all.

I was glad that Tim had brought in more wood than we had thought we needed as I started up the kitchen stove, leaving the fireplace for later. I went out onto the porch to get one of the water jugs which we had left out there as we retreated from the storm. Lugging it in, I filled the tin kettle and set it to boil. I went out and dragged the other three jugs into the back bedroom, since we weren't using it anyway. Fortunately, the bed seemed to have pretty much dried out over night, so there hopefully wouldn't be any problems with it. I was standing on the porch, having a luxurious stretch and gazing out at the lake before dealing with our bags, when I heard a cough from behind me. I whirled and instantly grabbed a bag to hold in front of my crotch as I flushed beet red. Standing near the wood shed, was a young park ranger with his eyes as wide as saucers and a healthy flush creeping up his neck. We both started stammering at about the same time. "I was just coming to" "There was a storm and" "check because I" "all our clothes got" "saw smoke and" "really wet and" "Dave and Rachel usually" "I really wasn't expecting" "don't come up this time of year." "anyone up around here," I finished lamely.

"Dave is my uncle and my friend and I are using the cabin; we're fishing." I clarified, "Now, if you'd wait out here for a minute or two, I'll find something dry and be right back." I backed into the cabin, still holding the bag, even though the ranger had politely averted his eyes. At least I hoped it was out of politeness.

I quickly dropped the bag in the washroom and madly grabbed some underwear, which turned out to be Tim's and were a little tight, except in front. Now is NOT the time to be thinking about Tim's crotch. You've horrified the poor guy out front badly enough already. I yanked down a pair of shorts that I had brought in case it got warm and a light but warm flannel shirt. Hell, I wasn't exactly going to bother co-coordinating my outfit. Clothes of any sort would have to suffice. When I opened the door, he was standing on the porch, as far away as he could be and still be sheltered from the droplets which continued to fall from the sky. He was very carefully looking away from the bedroom window and even the back of his neck was flushed deep red.

"It's not what you think." Well, that was a stupid thing for me to say, "OK, well it is what you think, but we didn't plan it that way and it's sort of a private thing."

"I know; that's why it's bloody embarrassing to walk in on you guys. I've never… that is, I haven't… Oh, poop!"

I couldn't help it, he looked so flustered and his exclamation was so silly, I started to snicker. He laughed a little bit too, mostly out of awkwardness, it seemed. I stopped laughing and put out my hand.

"I'm Marc Robertson. Would you care to come in for a cup of coffee?"

"Sure, that would be nice. I'm Richard Foster."

Once inside, he saw all the hanging 'decorations' and gave a real chuckle. "Ah, I see, you really did get caught pretty seriously by the storm."

"Yup," I said as I dug out mugs and the jar of instant coffee, "I hope instant is okay with you. It's all we brought."

"It's fine; I don't usually bother with anything more complicated myself." He took off his wet jacket and tossed it over the line. He must have been as tall as I am in order to manage it without having to stand on a chair. When he put his hat down on the counter, I could see that he wasn't quite as young as I had thought, but still probably less than 25 years old. He had fairly short blond hair, a bit of a tan and warm brown eyes. Brown eyes which seemed to be checking me out. Nah, it couldn't be.

I handed him a mug, "Do you take sugar or anything?"

"Nope," he said, taking it from me, "I like my coffee plain. Should we maybe step outside?" he asked, glancing at the bedroom door, "so that we don't wake your um, boyfriend."

I blushed a little bit at hearing a stranger say this, even though I had every intention of making it true. "I doubt that even a marauding grizzly could wake Tim up again before noon, but it might be a good idea. Just head out the back door, I'll join you as soon as I grab some sugar for myself."

He went out, and I scooped a spoonful of sugar into my cup and went outside, closing the door behind me. The overhang of the roof was enough to keep off the slight drizzle which was the tail end of last night's storm. Richard was leaning against the wall, sipping his coffee.

"So," I said, "do you usually come up to check on my aunt and uncle when they're around?"

"Yeah, I figure it's a good idea. I mean, it's pretty isolated here and they're getting older. You never know if one of them might have a minor accident and need help getting to the hospital or something."

"Thanks, Richard, I appreciate it. That's awfully decent of you."

"Well, it isn't any trouble. I have to make rounds up here at least every two days anyway to make sure that nobody's set any traps or been hunting or fishing illegally. Speaking of which, I'll need to take a look at your ID and fishing permit before I go."

"No problem, I got the permit renewed on the way up here, so everything should be correct."

"Good. So um, how long are you guys planning to be up here? We're looking at rain on and off for the next two days, but after that it's supposed to warm up and get really nice."

"That's great! We're up here for the rest of the week, although we may need to make a trip down to town sometime to resupply."

"I see. Well, if you'd like, I'll tell the other folks at the station to steer clear of here so that you can have some privacy. You'll still probably see me every two days, but I'll give a holler so as not to, err, well, you know." He finished his coffee and opened the door.

"Thanks, that would be nice." I said, ducking under a sheet to grab my wallet off the table. "We're kind of new at this, and I wouldn't mind a bit of time alone together."

"Sure, I get that. Everything seems to be in order here." he said, glancing over my permit and ID. He reclaimed his hat and jacket and headed for the door.

As I saw him out, he turned briefly to me and said: "Um, Marc?"

"Yes?"

"I've got some time off in four days and I was kind of wondering if I could come by and ask you guys a few questions."

"What kind of questions?"

"About, well, being … gay." The flush was creeping up his face. "I know you'd like to be alone with him, but it would be really helpful because you're the first gay couple I've met and I haven't had anyone to talk to and I'm just feeling really unsure of everything right now…" He tapered off, looking a little desperate. I revised my estimate of his age down by about two years and took pity on him.

"Well, I can't make any promises as to how much I know, but if you like, you can come for supper then and we can talk a bit. Tim's closer to being an expert than I am and I think he's still pretty far off."

His face lit up. "Thanks, Marc. I really appreciate it." He put on his hat and headed back down the path into the woods. I'll be damned. I guess he really was checking me out before. Suddenly I'm a man magnet. How odd.

I went back in and ate a couple of pieces of toast. I find that even plain toast is great when made over a wood fire. While waiting for Tim to wake up, I busied myself with taking down the dry stuff and sorting it into folded piles and spreading out the damp stuff to dry better. I rinsed out the muddy clothes from last night as well as the bags and hung them in the bathroom. I also went down to check that the boat was in good shape. Fortunately, the rain had let up for a while, so I was able to make it down to the boathouse and back without getting wet again. I felt kind of glad that the park prevented easy access to the property, because otherwise I suspected that my uncle would have sold it off years ago. As it was, all the cottages on the other side of the lake, where there was a road, had been sold years before to developers and turned into country mansions for the ridiculously affluent. I could see them faintly across the misty surface of the lake, sticking up among the trees on the other side. Luckily, the cabins on this side of the lake were spaced pretty far apart and didn't see a lot of use at this time of year. Other than Ranger Richard (I grinned, remembering the cartoon raccoon from my youth) we had the place entirely to ourselves. Checking my watch again, I found that it was almost twelve o'clock. It was time for me to wake Tim and I knew exactly how I wanted to do that.

I stripped off my clothes, leaving my boots by the stove to dry. Naked, I opened the bedroom door and slipped in. Conveniently, Tim had rolled onto his back. I pulled aside the blankets and started to lick his penis as I gently rubbed his testicles with my left hand. Without waking up, he started to respond; his dick lengthening and thickening until he was fully hard. Positioning myself so as to have the best possible angle, I took a deep breath and put my lips around his cock head. Slowly, cautiously, I let it slide further into my mouth until the head was tickling the back of my throat. This was the point at which I had stopped last night. Tim was moaning slightly in his sleep, and wiggling around a bit under my determined assault. Holding his hips in place to keep him from jerking and choking me, I started to swallow him deeper. I had to concentrate very thoroughly on suppressing my gag reflex. At first I took just another inch before backing off and gasping a little. As I went for it the second time, I felt Tim's hands gently stroking my shoulders. I looked up to see him looking at me with hungry eyes. He grinned at me wickedly and I winked back at him. He said nothing, and his hands continued to rub my shoulders, not pushing, just making contact to let me know that he loved me and the pleasure I was bringing him. I loved him even more for not pressuring me. It was clear that he wanted me to do this as badly as I wanted to, but he was willing to let me take it at my own pace.

I took him further down my throat with each stroke, pausing to let myself get used to the feeling of his shaft where there had never been anything that solid before. In between strokes, I panted to recover my breath and Tim ran his fingers through my hair. The silence was broken only by my gasps and his faint moans, with faint sounds of birds chirping outside. His noises were becoming increasingly urgent, but his hands never once forced me forward. Finally, I took his whole shaft down my throat. My nose rested in his pubic hair, which smelled faintly of sweat and of sperm. I let my tongue tickle the base of his cock and then I withdrew. He looked at me with pleading eyes and I knew that he had reached his limit. His whole body was quivering with his approaching climax as I took him to the root once more and hummed. His fingers clenched in my hair as he screamed, "AaaaaaaAAArrrUuunnhhh! Unh, uhn, UUUUUNNNHH, oh MARC! UNhhhhhh." as he shot several spurts of cum straight down my throat. I swallowed as best I could, slowly pulling back off of him, creating space in my throat for his load. His last shot dribbled onto the tip of my tongue as I released his softening penis from my lips. He lay there, panting and sweaty, a glazed look of satiation crossing his eyes as he looked at me with a sleepy smile. 

Looking at him like this, knowing that I had done this to him was enough to make my own already hard dick completely rigid. I knelt over his chest and began to stroke myself with one hand as I rubbed his chest with the other. Gradually coming down from his orgasm, I saw Tim spit into his hand and rub his fingers with it. Knowing what was to come, I scooted a little further up his chest and leaned forward, using one hand for balance and stroking myself with the other. I felt Tim's fingers probing my hole, as he inserted one, then two fingers into me and rotated them smoothly. His other hand was busy playing with my nipples, pinching first one, then the other. It was my turn now to sweat and moan. I let go of my dick to lean on both hands as I bucked back on his fingers. He put in a third finger, stretching my hole even further as he took my dick in his fist, moving his hand up and down along my shaft. He used his little finger to rub the underside of the glans, making me cry out. I had never been very noisy during sex before, but this changed as I shouted his name over and over again and spewed my load over his chest and chin.

I lay on top of him, breathing heavily as he rubbed my back and ass. When he pulled his fingers out of me, I whimpered slightly. I heard him chuckle as he kissed both my cheeks and, extremely tenderly, my lips.

"Marc, love, that was definitely the best wakeup call ever," he said, as he gently caressed me. "No one has ever given me a blowjob like that one and I think you nearly sprained my fingers with your ass when you came."

"I'm glad you enjoyed it," I said between deep breaths, "It was pretty fucking hot for me too. I hope I didn't hurt you."

"You would never hurt me, although you are kind of squashing me, big guy."

I flushed and rolled off him. He followed me over and our pricks rubbed together, both surprisingly hard so soon after our great session. Tim sat up on me and wiped a bit of cum off of his chest and used it to lubricate us as he put both his hands around our two dicks, stroking them together.

"I do plan to spend some time later making you feel just as hot as you made me feel, but right now, I think we'll just have a quickie so that we can start the day."

"Speak for yourself, you slug," I said with a grin as I brought my hands to join his, "I've already been up for hours, but I guess it wouldn't hurt to do some actual fishing." I spoke between deep breaths, trying not to go off too soon before him.  

"See, I knew I could get you to come around to my point of view." He said as I shot a small load onto his hands and dick. He followed not more than 30 seconds later and we kissed in a leisurely way before he got off me.

Tim leaned down and grabbed my hand, pulling me up. We were both a little slippery from cum, but we managed. He led me to the shower and pulled me in after him. We soaped each other up under the hot water and made out for a while, mostly just enjoying the sensation of closeness as we fondled each other's asses and I rubbed the slightly tense muscles of his lower back. We each managed to have another orgasm in the shower with the combination of the soap and the hot water in a space that would normally be too small for two grown men. We stepped out of the shower and toweled each other down. This was actually kind of fun. It was pleasant to have someone dry my back for me and I discovered that Tim was quite seriously ticklish, a fact which I mentally filed for later use. We ate a quick lunch of peanut butter sandwiches and veggies, eager to get out on the lake before it started to rain again.

As I started to put on some clothes, I saw Tim looking mildly disappointedly at his pile of dry gear. "What's wrong, love?"

"Nothing, it just seems a pity to have to cover up. I like being naked with you."

"I feel the same way, but I'm looking forward to fresh fish for dinner. We'll spend the evening naked again if you want. In the meantime, wear these," I said, tossing him the underwear I had thrown on before. "They're yours, but I had them on for a while to avoid embarrassing the park ranger who stopped by."

Tim raised an eyebrow, mischief tinting his eyes a deeper green. "Nice. It's your first day as my lover and you're already seducing random park rangers." He looked at my flushed face as he pulled on the underwear. "Omigod! You really DID seduce the park ranger, didn't you?"

"No, but I think I could have if I had tried. He's coming to dinner in a few days; he wants to ask us about being gay." I threw on my shirt and started to button it up.

Tim brushed away my hands and started doing up the buttons, then put his arms around me and leaned up to whisper in my ear, "Really … well, you are going to repeat the whole conversation to me, word for word, as we get the boat ready. I want to know if I have to worry about any competition." He purred possessively. I leaned down and kissed him roughly, leaving him in no doubt whatsoever as to where my interests lay. We came up for air and I picked up my fishing gear and headed for the door.

"Don't worry. If either of us has to worry about competition, it's me. The poor guy went completely red and could barely form a sentence when he saw you through the window."

I grinned at Tim's squawk of mock-outrage.

I did fill him in as we got the boat ready. We launched it a little while later as Tim was saying, "I guess I can understand where he's coming from. I mean, when I realized that I was gay it took a while to get used to it. For that matter, I have to say that you're coping amazingly well given the situation."

"I suppose. I mean, I haven't thought at all about what I'm going to tell my family. Truth be told, I'm pretty nervous about that. On the other hand, I don't have to worry about whether I'll ever find someone and I know nobody at work will care since my boss is a lesbian. Besides, if I get a few more books out, I'll be effectively self-employed."

"Yeah, lucky you. I've still got to be careful not to freak clients out. On the other hand, my family is pretty good about it. My brothers are OK with it and my Dad doesn't mind, since they have kids to carry on the family name. My mum was a bit worried about me, but she's come around. The only problem is that she seems to think that I've acquired some mystic understanding of décor and women's fashions. She keeps asking my advice and won't take no for an answer. I've had to make cheat calls to Fiona to bail me out."
