 My friend Jeff had invited me to come up to his mountain cabin for the weekend. Just kind of a boy's weekend out sort of thing. We had been friends for a long time and it sounded like a great idea.

Jeff's cabin is up by Breckinridge, so we went up Friday night. Our wives saw us off, joking that now they'd have the weekend to pick up some guys. It was dark and pretty late by the time we got there, so we just crashed soon after arriving. The next morning we got up about 8:00. Jeff was prancing about in the cabin naked as we made breakfast. I'd never seen Jeff naked before. He had a nice tight little butt and his cock seemed only average in size. I was mesmerized, though, and couldn't take my eyes off his cock. I think Jeff knew that.

We eventually got our act together, packed a lunch and headed off into the mountains for a hike. It took most of the day and we had a great time enjoying the weather and nature. We got back late in the afternoon and took turns showering, then made dinner. Jeff started a fire and we finished eating in front of it, while polishing off a bottle of wine. What with the wine, the day's exertion, and the altitude I was feeling fine. We sat in front of the fire for hours talking. Jeff opened another bottle of wine.

Finally, the conversation trailed off. "Well, you want to play cards or something?" he asked.

"Sure," I said, "how about some poker?"

He grinned. "How about strip poker?"

We laughed and agreed it had been years since we'd done that and why not? Just two guys having fun.

Forty five minutes later I wasn't so sure. I was down to literally nothing and Jeff still had his boxers and socks.

"I guess you win". I took another gulp of wine. Jeff said: "No, let's keep going."

"How?"

"Well, I keep taking my clothes off. After that, whoever wins tells the loser what to do."

"Like, do what?" I asked.

"Oh, you'll see. Trust me."

I thought I knew where this was leading. I felt my cock stirring.

The next hand, Jeff lost and tossed a sock. The following hand I lost.

"Okay," Jeff said, "beat off for me."

"What!?"

"You heard me, beat off for me." He leaned back against the couch. It must have been the wine, for I tentatively reached down and took my cock in hand. Slowly, I started moving my hand up and down. My cock got harder and harder and my hand began to move faster and faster. Jeff was mesmerized, staring at my cock. I saw him lick his lips at one point and I groaned. As I watched, his cock became hard, jutting out from his body.

Finally, I felt the overpowering urge come over me. I cried out and came, splattering cum all over my hand and chest. I slumped back against the chair I was sitting against. Eventually, I let go and just sat there, legs spread, cum glistening on my body.

"Wow," Jeff whispered. At that moment I felt kind of randy and began to rub the cum into my body. Then I lifted my fingers to my lips and licked them. Jeff groaned. I grinned. "You asked for it," I said.

Jeff reached for the cards, shuffled, and dealt another hand. Ten minutes later I had lost again. "Damn!".

Jeff leaned back against the couch again. "This time I want you to suck me off." I didn't even protest. I crawled across the floor and laid down between his legs. I carefully took his stiffening cock in my hand without even thinking about it. I began to lick his cock up and down. I heard his sharp intake of breath as I licked him. Then I took his cock in my mouth. Jeff may have been average in size soft but his hard cock felt enormous in my mouth. It took me a few moments to realize I had never done this before. Here I was sucking my best friends cock and enjoying it! I loved the warmth and texture of his cock. I loved having it go down my throat. I tasted the salty flavor of his pre-cum and was in heaven. 

I began to work up and down his shaft. One hand had hold of his cock and with the other I began to play with his balls. I could feel the tension building in his body. I began to work faster and faster, sucking as hard as I dared, taking more of him down my throat. By this time Jeff was moaning loudly and thrashing about. I felt his hands on my head and he took control. He held my head while he began to thrust into my mouth. Finally he cried out and let go and the cum began to shoot down my throat. I could barely keep up and I swallowed all I could, just as a reflex. He began to soften and I let him out of my mouth with a plop.

That was the end of the card playing. Jeff nearly threw himself on me. He began kissing me passionately, our tongues dueling in our mouths. He broke the kiss and worked his way down my chest. With his teeth he gently bit one nipple while he pinched the other. Then he slid down and took me in his mouth. Hard again, it was my turn to feel his warm wet mouth on my cock. We were both drunk on wine and unleashed passion. As he sucked my cock he licked one of his fingers and then worked it up my asshole. By the time he worked it halfway in, I came down his throat.

We barely paused. Keeping me on my back, Jeff lubricated his prick with some of my cum. He lifted my legs over his shoulders and put the tip of his cock at my asshole. I closed my eyes and tried to relax. Jeff pushed and slowly worked his way in. Suddenly, he was in all the way. I opened my eyes and Jeff leaned down and kissed me even as he worked in and out of my ass. It hurt a bit at first, but slowly I loosened up and then I really began to enjoy it. After a bit, I was meeting each of his thrusts with a shove of my hips. His tongue was in my mouth as we continued the unbroken kiss. He reached down with his right hand and grabbed my cock, began to work up and down on it. This went on for minutes, the only sound our moans and cries and the sound of his cock moving in and out of my ass.

Suddenly he broke the kiss and cried out. He gave one last mighty shove and I knew he was coming in my ass. As I realized that I came, spurting cum all over his hand and between us. We both collapsed. Jeff's cock came out of my ass and I felt cum running down between my ass cheeks. Jeff groaned and rolled away from me.

We lay there, stunned in front of the remains of the fire for a long time. Eventually, we rose from our stupor and stumbled into bed. We hadn't said anything to each other, but I noticed we lay close together as we fell asleep.

I woke first the next morning, the sun streaming through the window above the bed. My ass was sore but it felt good just the same. Jeff and I lay together, spoon fashion. I had my arm around his waist. Suddenly horny again, I reached for and found his soft cock. I started to play with it and both he and his cock started to stir. In moments, I was holding a hot bar of iron. I couldn't believe how big his cock was. I couldn't believe I'd had that up my ass last night.

Jeff was making pleasant noises as I played with him. He looked over his shoulder at me and said softly, "Your turn". Without a word we moved so he was on all fours and I was behind him. My cock was already hard in anticipation. I lubed my dick and his hole with saliva and then presented the tip of my cock to his ass. Slowly, I pushed in. I was afraid of hurting him, but he kept urging me on. Finally, I slipped passed the muscle ring and slid all the way in. It was heaven! Here I was enjoying my best friend's ass and loving it. His ass was incredibly hot and tight. I slowly began to move in and out. Jeff began to meet my thrusts with his hips. I reached around with my right hand and took hold of his cock and started to jerk him off. We were both making lots of noise now. I let go of his cock and put my hands on his hips and began to thrust in and out with wild abandon. Jeff braced himself on one hand and with the other began to jack himself off. It was too much. I felt myself coming and shot my hot load into his ass. Jeff came about the same time, coming all over his hand and the bed. He collapsed forward onto the sheets and I followed on top of him, wanting my cock in him as long as possible. I lay there on top of him for a few moments before my cock plopped out. I rolled to the side and onto my back. I looked up and gave a start.

Our wives were standing at the window, mesmerized.

To Be Continued...