 I awakened to muffled noises downstairs. The bedside clock showed three thirty five in the morning. I got out of bed and grabbed the pistol from the drawer. More muffled noises. I slipped out of my room naked and crept down the hallway. Quietly I made my way to the living room. The cabin had been burglarized several times before and the television and DVD player were new. I knew Dr. Jasper was damned tired of these kids breaking in and stealing. I heard a soft grunt like someone straining to pick up something heavy. Goddamn it. I aimed the pistol and quietly stepped to the doorway. I'm lucky I didn't accidentally fire the gun.

Reclining naked on the couch before me was my mentor, Dr. Jon Jasper masturbating to a DVD of a man and woman fucking. He was exposed clearly in the light from the kitchen. He couldn't see me at this angle unless he turned around but I could see him clearly. He was obviously near ejaculation and the grunting I'd heard came from him as he increased the speed of his hand jacking off his penis. Jasper was handsome, around 6'3", with an athletic frame from years of exercise. There was black chest hair between his nipples and on his stomach, with a full curly bush around the penis that he was furiously jerking. It looked to be around six inches hard and he was uncircumcised. He was sliding the foreskin up and down over a blunt bell head that was throbbing. His balls hung low in a hairy sack and his upper thighs were smooth, lower legs covered in curly black hairs. He curled his toes as his orgasm neared.

I swallowed hard, so hard I was afraid he'd hear me. I knew I should quietly back out and let him masturbate in private but I was mesmerized. I idolized him. He'd guided me through my internal medicine residency at the Veteran's Administration hospital. A veteran of the war in Iraq, he was a decorated military officer, family man, and at age 39, the youngest Chief of Staff the hospital had ever had. His wife was a nurse practitioner at another local private hospital and they had two sons, one eleven, one six. I'd been friends with them for years. This week of vacation for the male residents on his rotation had originally been planned with three other residents. I had driven up with Jon to his cabin in the woods of Ontario. After we'd arrived, the other three who were to meet us had all cancelled. Victor's father-in-law died. Eddie's son had broken his legs in a football accident. Matt's wife had been involved in a car wreck on the way home from work. All the cancellations happened on the Friday night and Saturday of what was to be our first weekend. Jasper and I decided to stay and it was now in the early morning hours of Sunday. He had visiting in-laws at his home and was in no hurry to get back. I was his friend and had no other obligations. I'd decided to take him up on his offer to finish out this much needed week of vacation. Plus, Jon had asked me to stay with him so he wouldn't be alone. He said he wanted some much needed peace. He seemed to be getting it about now as he entered the final phase of what promised to be a massive orgasm.

He gritted his teeth and groaned, arching his back and his cock shot out eight ropes of pearly semen onto his chest and stomach. My own cock was hard as a rock. I still held the pistol before me, almost in a trance watching his masturbation performance. He collapsed back onto the couch, still sliding his cum drenched foreskin up and down on his rapidly deflating penis. I went to back away quietly and bumped the door frame. He jumped up and stared at me in shock.

"Fucking hell, Josh! Don't shoot, for God's sake!"

I couldn't help but giggle. The scene was almost comical, him standing with his cum dripping down his chest and me pointing a 38 caliber pistol at him.

"Shit, Jon, you nearly gave me a motherfucking heart attack! I thought you were a burglar!"

He laughed sheepishly. "I'd feel better if you lowered your pistol, Josh. Still embarrassed, but not in fear of my life."

"Oh, yeah, right. Sorry."

I lowered the pistol to my side.

"Sorry, Jon. I didn't mean to interrupt your...uh...your..."

"My jacking off in the middle of the goddamn night to porno!" he said brusquely. "Just let it go. I hope I can count on your silence?"

We looked at each other for a few seconds.

"Sure, Jon. We all jack off. I'm sorry."

"For what? You thought I was a burglar, right?"

He looked up and down my naked body quickly. I was grateful my erection had diminished. Flaccid, my own penis was about an inch longer than his was erect. It's a masculine thing, I guess. I was glad he saw my dick was bigger than his.

"Good night," he said, dismissing me. "Go back to bed and I'll clean up here."

He turned his back on me and turned off the television. I saw his ass for the first time, smooth and hairless, a bubble butt that struck me as perfect.

"Good night, Jon. See you in the morning."

I left him and went back to bed. I lay in bed replaying the scene that had just happened. Never in my life had I seen another man ejaculate in person. I was one who had never played sex games with any of my mates growing up, had never jacked off with anyone else. My only sexual experiences had been with girls and I'd had plenty of them. I'd just broken off a long time engagement to a girl that I'd realized was more in love with becoming a doctor's wife than she'd been in love with me. Thank God I'd found it out before we walked down the aisle.

I felt my penis getting erect as I lay in bed and was just a little disturbed that it was because I'd watched another man masturbate. Sure, Jon Jasper was a sexy and virile man. Only the most deluded homophobic idiot male refuses to acknowledge that other men can be sexy. I'd just never imagined him naked before, certainly never imagined seeing his erect cock shoot his cum out all over his chest. I had a quick image of him fucking his wife, Lynn. He and Lynn made an odd pair, like you often see with handsome men. He was handsome, she was plain. Jon was the center of attention where ever he went. The women almost visibly drooled over him and men were in awe of the war hero, this action man who'd been caught in the heat of front line battle when his hospital had been attacked in Iraq. Jon was movie star handsome, Lynn was short and dumpy. She was funny and adorable, a wonderful mother and friend, but I'd heard more than question how someone like her had captured Jon. He had women almost falling at his feet daily but there had never been any rumors of his cheating on Lynn. And no one could imagine Lynn cheating on him. Hell, Lynn was sort of like the Pillsbury dough girl. Suddenly I wanted to masturbate but I just felt uncomfortable doing it. In the end, I fell asleep thinking about a cancer patient I was treating.

A loud knock on my door woke me.

"You planning to sleep the day away, Josh?" Jon yelled through the door.

I was glad he hadn't opened the door. I was in bed naked with monster morning wood.

"Give me a minute! I'll be right out!"

I threw on my robe and stepped across the hall to the bathroom. I pissed and quickly showered and shaved. When I walked into the kitchen, Jon was sitting at the table reading the Sunday newspaper. He looked fresh as a daisy. He'd obviously risen earlier, showered and dressed, and driven to the quickie food and gas station about a mile down the road. A bowl and a box of cereal were on the table before him. He'd already eaten.

"Okay if I eat some of that cereal?" I asked.

He lowered the paper.

"Sure. Help yourself. Milk's in the fridge."

I grabbed the milk, a spoon and bowl from the cabinet, and sat down. Jon had not said a word about my catching him masturbating but he didn't need to. I could see it in his eyes. I knew him too well. Something had changed irrevocably between us and I could feel an undercurrent of tension. The memory of him ejaculating in front of me would stay with me forever. I couldn't help but regret it because it obviously would stay with him, too. We might never get past this tense feeling and our work relationship would never be the same again. He was my mentor but he was also my boss. There had always been remoteness, an air of superiority with him. It was gone, replaced by this new uncertain tension.

"So what's in the news today?"

I was trying to make conversation.

He laughed. "The president wants to change military leadership in Iraq." He snorted. "The man's an idiot. He doesn't know shit about how the military really operates in a war zone and he wants to make changes. He and that bunch of advisors of his want people who'll be 'more effective in bringing closure to this situation'. Goddamn. That Washington bunch makes me sick."

"You know they're talking about sending me over to Afghanistan since I've completed my residency. I don't want to go but that's part of the deal when the army pays tuition for you."

"Yeah. I'd heard it, Josh, and maybe I can hold it off if you want. Veterans need care just as much as the active military."

"True."

We sat in silence for the next several minutes.

Jon cleared his throat. "I thought we could take it easy today and just relax around the cabin. The paper says it's going to rain off and on all day. It was raining when I got up this morning. Didn't you hear it?"

"Yeah, but I just rolled over and went back to sleep. I love to sleep when it's raining. My grandparents had a tin roof on their house in the country. It sounded like heaven when it was raining."

"Where was this?"

"About a half hour from Augusta, Georgia."

"Really? I didn't know you came from Georgia."

"I don't. None of my family does. My grandfather is a golf nut and he fell in love with Augusta when he attended the Master's tournament one year. He retired there a few years ago but he's from Chicago. You know I grew up everywhere with Dad being an Army doc, too. I was born while he was stationed in Germany."

Jon laughed. "Just another military brat."

"Were you a military kid?"

"Hell, no. My father was a surgeon in Tucson, Arizona and I grew up there. I joined the Army because I had a wild hair in my ass. At least that's what Dad says," he laughed and rolled his eyes.

"And you loved it so much you just stayed on," I said sarcastically.

"I'm getting out in two more years. I'll have made my twenty and I'm leaving it. I didn't plan to stay this long, it just happened that way."

We finished breakfast and went into the living room. He sat on the couch and I sat in a recliner facing him. He turned on a cable news program and we watched in silence. I found myself glancing at his crotch. He was wearing jeans and they were tight. I could see an outline of his penis in them and I was sure I saw it jerk. I looked up to see him watching me. He'd seen me staring at his crotch. I flushed.

"You're never going to be able to forget it, are you?"

He looked at me with piercing brown eyes. His directness startled me and brought out a defensive boldness I'd rarely had with him.

"Forget what?"

"Don't give me that shit, Josh. You know exactly what I mean. You're never going to forget watching me shoot my cum right in front of you. Are you?"

"Can you forget? And does it really matter if I do or I don't? It's water over the dam and all guys masturbate."

"So when was the last time you did it?"

He looked at me with a smirking grin.

"What???"

"Don't what me. When was the last time you jacked off? Have you done it since we came here this weekend?"

I blushed. Of course I had.

"Don't lie. I want to know."

I shrugged. "Yeah. I jacked off yesterday in the shower."

He laughed. "See. That wasn't so bad. I sometimes wonder why guys go to such lengths to conceal their masturbation from other guys when they're sharing quarters together. It would be much easier to just acknowledge it and jack off openly when they feel like it."

I laughed. "Right. And that would get a lot of guys kicked out of the military. Would get a lot beat up and killed."

"Bullshit. There're a lot of guys that have jacked off together."

"Maybe. Maybe they just don't talk about it."

Jon looked me directly in the eyes.

"Did you enjoy watching me get off?"

"I, uh, I, I was...I didn't..."

"Spit it out. How long did you watch? Tell the truth."

I glanced at his crotch. I could tell he was getting an erection and my own penis responded. This sex talk was getting to me. And to him apparently.

"Only just a minute. It surprised me so much I froze."

"You froze and watched me cum. When I turned around, I saw your cock. You were hard as a rock, Josh. You enjoyed it."

He grinned and my face went blood red in a flash.

"Get over it," he laughed softly. "Afterward, I couldn't get it out of my mind. It's all I could think about. I liked knowing you watched me masturbate. I guess I've got some exhibitionist in me and you're a bit of a voyeur."

I looked down at the floor. No need to tell him I've always known I have voyeuristic tendencies. I like to look at others naked. I like porn.

"You want to watch me do it again, don't you?" he asked softly.

I was stunned. Things had escalated in a nanosecond. I felt blood surge in my cock and it swelled. There was no way to hide it without just putting my hand over my crotch and that would only make it more obvious.

"You would," he snickered.

I was embarrassed as hell. I wasn't sure why I was so embarrassed but I was. I told myself it wasn't because I wanted to see another man naked again. Certainly not because I wanted to see him masturbate. I looked down at the floor, afraid to meet Jon's eyes.

"Let's make a deal, okay? This thing's gonna hang between us forever unless we take action."

I looked at him. I could see he was now a bit flushed, obviously embarrassed.

"Action? What kind of action are you talking about, Jon? It happened. We can't undo it and I'm not ready to have a lobotomy."

Jon laughed. "Cute, Josh. That's real cute. Lobotomy. I think there's a much easier way."

I looked at him quizzically, raising my eyebrows.

He grinned. "Every time you look at me from now on, no matter what the situation, you're gonna visualize me naked, masturbating on this couch. You're gonna think of my jizz shooting all over me. You'll never be able to just look at me as Dr. Jasper, the man you've always admired. And I swear to God, Josh, I'm gonna hate losing your respect, having you follow me around like a cute little puppy dog."

"But I still respect you, Jon. I'll always respect you."

"Not really. You'll never really have that look of total respect in your eyes again. What's worse, the others are gonna know. They'll pick up on it right away. Dr. Hamilton doesn't respect Dr. Jasper anymore."

I could see he was getting upset. And I figured he was right on the money.

"Is that the change you want to have happen, Josh?"

We sat in silence for a few minutes. I wouldn't look at him but I knew he was watching me closely. Finally, I bit the bullet.

"So what do you suggest? What's the deal?"

"First, tell me you'll do it."

"Go to hell, Jon. You know goddamn good and well I don't make those kinds of open ended deals. You tell me what you propose and I'll consider it. That's the only way I'll hear you out."

He took a deep breath and looked me directly in the eyes like an inquisitor.

"Masturbate in front of me."

"What the fuck?! Are you crazy?!"..I stood up. "Just because you chose to whack off in the middle of the night in an open space where you could get caught is no reason for me to jack off in front of you. I've NEVER masturbated in front of anyone in my whole fucking life!"

"I see. After all we've been through together, after all I've done for you, and you don't think you can bear to allow me to even the odds between us. You can't embarrass yourself in front of me. I'm supposed to work with you knowing every time I look in your eyes you're thinking of my shame but you can't do it for me."

"There is no shame, Jon! Can't you see that? Every man with a healthy penis jacks off."

"But if there's no shame, Josh, why can't you just do it for me? No one else will know, just us. And when our eyes meet, we'll see the same thing."

He was pleading. This was really important to him and did it really matter if I masturbated in front of him? Was it really such a big deal? No one else was here but us. No one else would ever know. After all, Jon was the married man with children. He was the one who stood to be more embarrassed if it ever got out.

That was it! Jon really did need to level the playing field. He needed to know I'd never turn on him, never humiliate him in front of his wife and kids, other professionals, the military. I was beginning to see it better.

"Please, Josh. Please. I'm begging you. I'll sit here fully clothed. I won't touch you, I swear. I'll just watch and tell you what to do."

I stared at him. "Tell me what to do? You think I don't know how to beat my own meat?"

"Please, Josh. Please. Just let me have some control so I feel more like the man I was before this happened."

Sure. The instructor. The boss. The one in charge.

"Please."

I looked in his eyes. Dr. Jasper really thought this was the solution, the solution to what was not really even a problem for me. Or was it? Would we ever be able to work together again? The fear of that decided me. Jon Jasper really was too important to me to just let it all fall apart. I pulled my tee shirt over my head and unbuckled my belt. He was watching my every move. I slipped off my loafers and socks, then took a deep breath and pushed my jeans and undershorts down. I stepped out of them totally naked before him. I watched him watch me, devour my body.

"No erection, Josh? This doesn't excite you even a little bit?" he whispered.

No. My dick was almost sucking itself back into my body cavity. The thought of jacking off in front of him was terrifying, humiliating.

"Why don't you come over here and sit on the couch? I'll sit in the chair."

Jasper stood up and moved to sit in the chair. As he suggested, I sat on the couch. We looked at each other for a few seconds.

"Go ahead, touch your cock," he said softly.

Almost in a trance, I took my penis in my hand and held it out.

"Go ahead," he whispered, "rub it, play with it for me."

I began my usual masturbation moves, playing with my balls, rubbing the loose skin on my shaft, gently touching the uncircumcised head. I was beginning to lose my inhibitions. I put my fingers in my mouth and wet them. I looked at Jon and he was grinning. I blushed with embarrassment. I'd sucked on my fingers without thinking about him watching me. Did he think I liked to suck other things? My partial erection disappeared.

"Go ahead, Jon, play with your cock for me."

Jon's cheeks were rosy and I could tell he had an erection in his jeans, not to mention he periodically squeezed his penis through the denim. I closed my eyes and pulled my knees up to my chest where I sat. My feet were on the edge of the couch, pressed against my ass.

"Show me your asshole," Jon said in a rough whisper.

I used my heels to pull my butt cheeks apart and I felt the coolness of air touch my asshole. I watched his eyes as I did it. He seemed mesmerized.

"Play with your asshole," he said. "Put your finger in it."

I started to protest because I hadn't seen him playing with his ass but I didn't speak. What the fuck difference did it make? Obviously this was as much about Jon getting his rocks off watching me whack off as it was about putting us on an even playing field.

"You know if you're enjoying it so much, you can always strip naked and jack off with me."

Jon grinned. "Oh, no, Josh! I wouldn't dream of it. This is all about you, man. Just you."

"You fucker. You're enjoying my misery here aren't you?"
