 My name is Peter and I am 49 and married but a secret sissy cocksucker. I have a very dirty secret. The feel of women's lingerie against my skin makes my 6 cut cock harder than steel. And it's more than just the cross-dressing. I am bi sexual and I would love to submit to dominant older or younger men. 

I remember as a child my older sister Janette had the best and softest bras and panties I had ever worn. The first time had been out of sheer curiosity, I wanted to know what girl's underwear felt like compared to my plain white Y fronts. So when everyone left the house when I was 15 and a horny teen anyway I made my way to the clothes hamper and grabbed a pair of my sister's underwear and then ran back to my room. My finger clasping her dirty things were trembling but locking my door I stripped down naked. At the time I was just starting to fill out so I still had a bit of a slim girlish build to my body. Janette wasn't that much bigger than me other than in the tit department and I had often spied on her with my cock in hand and feeling it shoot hard as I watched my own sister dressing and undressing. 

When I looked at myself for the first time in the mirror my cock was like a bolt and rock hard. I knew at once that this was the thing for me. I pranced around in Janette's things for awhile and then collapsed onto my bed, my cock throbbing and leaking cum. The underwear were already dirty so it's not like I felt bad for wanking myself off to the strongest orgasm of my young life. Then it became a nightly ritual. After everyone was asleep I would sneak downstairs, grab the bra and panties she'd worn that day and then put them on. I was always careful to not make any noise or get caught. 

But marriage and a career followed and precluded me from my secret desires for many years until I finally came back to them, once morning when my wife left for work and I was in the house alone. I stripped and slid her fishnet hold ups on followed by pink lace panties and a bustier. Within seconds my cock was like a rock again and I wanked happily as I looked at hot porn. This became my new ritual and it wasn't until I finally got up the courage to meet that my dreams all came true.

I soon made contact with a few dominate males some older some slightly younger that loved the idea of me servicing them while dressed up like a sissy as they looked at porn. The one that really caught my eye and made me hard was you as we talked about kissing and caressing and touching and wanking and sucking. 

After several long conversations and sending him several pictures of me dressed up we agreed to meet. 

And this is why I am now sitting in my car with an overcoat on and nothing underneath but a black lingerie set that I had bought specifically for you to see me in. It is a black halter top teddy with matching holdups and panties. Very tight and very very sexy. 

My fingers drummed the steering wheel nervously. Jonathan would be my first encounter I would be having in a few years. But, being dressed so sexily I felt like a virgin, it was thrilling but also scary at the same time. We had decided the covered parking of Cadogan Street would be the best place to meet up and we could drive somewhere more discreet. The second fourth level was perfect and I sat in the next to last spot near the wall. I knew we would have great coverage from prying eyes. The flash of headlights caught my attention as a sleek black Vauxhall pulled up alongside me. The windows were darkly tinted and the headlights flashed twice. It was him. After he turned his engine off I waited a minute before making my way over. My heart felt like it was going to burst from my chest as I opened the door and slid inside. 

"Take off your coat, slut!" You order in your smooth English accent. I nod and slip the coat off as you run your hand down my bare shoulder. My cock is semi hard against my panties and already starting to leak. 

I keep my eyes downward as you recline your seat back and unzip your grey trousers. You have no underwear on and your cock springs into view instantly. It looked bigger in person than it did on the computer. A full thick 7 inch cut cock pulsating and throbbing for my mouth. It is straight and topped with a thick mushroom head. Precum is already gathering at the tip. 

Licking my lips I ask. "May I suck your cock sir?"

"Show me first!" 

"What?" I query then remember. "Oh, oh yes sorry!" I reach into my coat pocket and remove photos of my 2 daughters, aged 19 and 21 in their sexiest dressed poses along with naked and half naked pictures of my wife, along with pairs of dirty panties from all three females in my life.

You place the pictures on the dashboard and sniff the panties and I watch as your cock seems to grow even bigger and harder.

"Yes, slut!" You grin. "Suck it all you want." You close your eyes and relaxe as I bend over and run my tongue along your hot shaft. My taste buds explode at the first taste of cock in so long. I moan softly and waste no time and taking you into my mouth. Slowly my mouth begins to glide up and down your cock, sucking and swallowing. You moan every so often and even pat my hair, but soon the dom begins to come out in you as you push my head down, making me take all of it into my hot wet mouth. 

"Good slut, take Daddy's cock!" You purr and begin to thrust up as you push my head down, my nose touching his pubic hair and your cock almost choking me. But the scent of you is so manly and thick. My cock aches and the urge to stroke grows, but I know I aren't allowed to cum until you have. As you thick head fills my throat I swallow, making you groan out and thrust more.

My right hand slides down to cradle your thick balls, my fingers caressing and rolling them around in the silky flesh. Your balls draw up to your body, the skin growing taunt around them. I know you are close now. I can taste more precum with each upward stroke. I feel your hand slide to the back of my neck and with only a little pressure you push me down as your cock suddenly explodes. Gagging a little I pull up when able to. It tastes salty and sweet at the same time and thick as well, clinging to the back of my throat but I don't care. I am here to please you as you ogle my wife and daughters.

There's a huge cum stain on my panties now and I need to cum, badly. 

"May I cum now, please sir?" 

You grin and nod. Slowly, watching the expression on your face, I pull the black panties down and pull at my cock. Licking your cum from my lips I stroke very slowly before my cock and balls explode. I make sure to tilt my cock against myself to keep cum from hitting you or your car. Moaning I fall back against the door. Thick white blobs of cum decorate my stomach panties and the top of my black teddy. 

After the world stops spinning I reach into my coat pocket and pulled out a cloth handkerchief and clean us both up before tucking your cock into your pants. As I slide on my coat and prepare to exit the car you speak. "That was good. We should do it again soon."

"Yes we should. You know where to find me." I have a smile on my face as I slip from the car and return to my own. 

You drive away first and soon I start my engine and drive home. I pick up my cell phone and dial my wife's number. 

"Hello?"

"Hi hun, it's me. Listen how about we go out to Soho tonight? It's been awhile since we've gone out to a nice dinner."

I could almost hear her smile through the line. "Oh that sounds wonderful. Let me call Kathy and I will be home in about an hour." 

I smile, more than enough time to shower and hide my outfit. "That's fine. See you at home!" 

She hangs up and I head home. My mind is on sucking Chris again instead of dinner with my wife. Maybe next time we'll go a bit further. Who knows? All I know for sure is that it will happen again and I looked forward to it greatly.