 Chapter One : The Voice

I had been coming to this little Café, alone, every day after work, for more years than I cared to remember. The entire staff knew me and knew I liked to be left alone once I was served. I tipped generously for their inattentiveness. It was my quiet sanctuary. My place to unwind from my busy day and read the paper without any distractions. Nothing ever happened here. And that was what I liked about this Café. But tonight, sitting at my usual table, sipping my usual tea, reading the daily paper, like I had done thousands of nights before, without the least little bit of a distraction; I was distracted. Something happen. 

Or I should say, someone happened.

It was a voice, from somewhere behind me, that caused my distraction and drew my attention to him. I sat there, instantly a near orgasmic tingling began running up and down my spine. I closed my eyes and listened carefully as he spoke. I really wasn't paying any attention to the words he was saying, I was drawn in by the melodic, angelic sound of his voice. His sensual, enrapturing voice. My breathing slowed and deepened. My body shivered as he spoke. I wanted to turn around right then, but fear stopped me. The fear that if I dared to look in his direction, my world would come crumbling down. Crushing me with boulders of disappointment. His disappointment, if he were to see me looking at him the way his voice was making me want too.

I so wanted to meet the owner of this voice. This voice that was tickling my eardrums like a feather tickling the tip of my erect manhood. But alas, I was to embarrassed to even attempt to go near the area whence this angelic voice was transmitting it's heavenly sound waves. I felt my manhood throbbing in my jeans. How could a voice be having such an effect on me? I closed my eyes and let his voice fully enrapture me. Within minutes I felt myself orgasm. I was shocked and embarrassed. I hadn't even touched myself. How could this have happened? 

I quickly tossed some money on the table, over tipping by a long shot, and got up to leave. Praying that no on had noticed me. Holding the folded newspaper in front of my crotch to hide any possible embarrassment that I had caused myself; I quickly left.

The next night, I was there again, at my usual table. At the same time. I wasn't there to unwind tonight. I was there waiting. Waiting. Just waiting. My small kettle of tea sat in front of me, untouched. My paper, still folded, lay unread. I knew what I was hoping for, but I also knew it wasn't going to happen. It would never happen. That was the story of my life. 

The Café was eerily quiet. I had missed my chance. He wasn't there. He would never be there. Maybe he had never been there? Had it been just a dream? I cursed myself under my breath for being such a fucking coward. If I had only just turned around last night. If I had only had the nerve to find the source, the source of that voice, maybe I wouldn't be sitting here alone tonight. Just like I had sat here alone every night for way to long.

The silence that filled the Café was deafening. I closed my eyes. I was going crazy. I so wanted to hear that voice again. I tried to hear his voice in my mind, but the silence that filled the Café permeated into my ears and I heard nothing. After about twenty minutes I figured all was lost. I had blown it. I would never hear that heavenly voice ever again. 

I was brought back to reality by the sound of someone's cell phone ringing. It rang out an old song. I opened my eyes. The song stopped. I was about to get up and pay my tab when I heard it. A shiver coursed through my entire body when a voice answered the phone. It was his voice. Oh my God it was his voice! He was here. It was the same voice from last night. Coming from the same spot behind me. I closed my eyes again and breathed in deeply. I slowly exhaled. I just sat there, listening.

"Get up you damn fool!" My brain screamed inside my head. "Go find him! Don't go home and regret not knowing again!" 

I kept my eyes loosely closed, my eyelids fluttered with each and every harmonic word he spoke. I let his voice waft into my ears and tickle my brain. I smiled. I almost started to cry. I opened my eyes and slowly shifted in my chair. I had to risk it. I had to see the owner of this heavenly voice. I stood up and walked in the direction of his voice. He was seated in the second booth behind me. I couldn't see him yet, but his voice was drawing me to him. I passed his booth and glanced quickly in his direction. My knees went weak. They nearly buckled under. I saw he was alone. I threw a friendly, quick smile in his direction as I passed. He smiled back. I felt a twitching in my groin, as I caught a glimpse of his broad toothy smile. His teeth, as white as the freshly fallen snow, were surrounded by a set of cherry red lips that seemed to stretch forever as he smiled.

I picked a couple of napkins off of the stack on the counter, the excuse I had made up in order to have a reason to walk by him, and turned to walk back to my table. 

He was still talking on his cell phone. His voice, floating through the air and burrowing itself into my ears and tunneling down my spine until it rested in my nether region. I was nearly shaking now as I gazed upon his beauty, as that angelic voice of his caressed my very soul. I tried to move, to walk back to my table, but I couldn't. All I could do was stand there. Stand there and gaze upon him. 

He had been looking down at the table, writing something on a piece of paper, as I stood there staring like a love struck school boy. He looked up as he talked into his phone. He looked at me. His eyes, a glowing mix of emerald green, and grey, nestled behind the plushest, fullest set of black eyelashes I had ever seen. His obsidian hair was cut short and framed his gorgeous face with just a tuft floating down over his forehead. He was cleanly shaven, although I guessed he didn't need to shave often for his skin looked soft and almost girlishly smooth. I felt myself getting flushed. His eyes left my face and glanced down. He smiled. He looked back up to my eyes and smiled that broad toothy smile even wider. I smiled back. He winked. Had he winked at me? I wondered why he did that. Then I felt the throbbing in my groin. I became instantly embarrassed beyond belief. I held the napkins down in front of my now bulging jeans and started the short, but what seemed like a mile long walk, back to my table. 

"Excuse me." He said softly, placing his cell phone against his chest as I passed his booth. "Would you care to join me?"

"What?" I mumbled nervously, stopping just at the edge of his booth. I turned and looked at him. Had he said that to me?

"Care to join me?" He repeated, waving his free hand across the table and pointing to the unoccupied booth bench across from him. He had what looked like a small lightning bolt tattooed just above his wrist. I stood there frozen for a second, gazing at the tattoo and wondering what it meant. I broke my gaze and looked back into his eyes. Before I knew what I was doing, I nervously stepped back and slid into the booth, never letting my eyes leave his. He held a finger up to his lips, as if he needed to ask me to not speak yet. Hell, I couldn't have forced a single sound to come forth from my voice box if I had tried. He lifted the phone back to his ear. "Hey Janice, I have to go. Yeah, something came up." He laughed, then smiled and winked at me again. "I'll call you back tomorrow. Okay then, bye bye dear."

"Hi." He smiled again. Looking me in the eyes.

"Hi." I answered nervously, and managed to smiled back. What the hell was I doing? Oh dear God, what am I doing? Oh fuck! Get up! Leave! But I couldn't. He was so damn beautiful! And every time he spoke, he became more beautiful. 

"I'm Tobias by the way." He said extending a hand halfway across the table. I stared at his hand for a second or two. I wondered how a hand, a single hand, could be so beautiful, so sensual. I glanced quickly over his slender fingers and neatly trimmed nails that seemed to be glowing from a recent manicure and clear coat of polish. I pulled my hand out from under the table and grasped his gently. My gaze went from his hand and up his arm. He had a hint of fine dark hair on his forearm, stopping at the elbow. When he turned his hand to grip mine, I saw the tattoo on his forearm. I couldn't quite make it out but it appeared to be a Native American symbol of some sort. His hand and arm were slender, almost petite, but his grip was firm. When our hands touched, I instantly felt a pulse surge from him, through me. I sat there dumbfounded. Awestruck. Paralyzed by his beauty. All I could do was stare at him. My eyes were absorbing every inch of him. Had I died and gone to heaven? Was this my own personal angel? Oh dear God what am I doing here? Run! Run now before you make a total fool of yourself! Oh God his voice. If he'd only stop talking, maybe then I could force myself to leave? NO! Stop thinking like that! You're here now, the hard parts over. Damn it you fool, say something, don't just stare at him.

"And your name would be?" He smiled and lightened his grip on my hand letting his middle finger slide up and lightly tickle the inside of my wrist. I whimpered. I still couldn't speak. I was probably drooling by now, making myself look like a total imbecile. Why won't my eyes blink? Oh God he's going to think I am some kind of a lunatic. He's moving. Is he leaving? No, he's getting closer. Oh shit!

"Hello?" He whispered as he leaned in towards me and smiled, his finger still softly rubbing the sensitive spot on my wrist. "So what's your name?"

"Ah," I gasped slightly, blinking profusely. "I'm Jimmy. Jim. James." I rapidly babbled off nervously.

"Well nice to meet all three of you." He laughed, letting go of my hand.

"Oh god, I'm sorry." I whispered, blushing even more. Which I didn't think was even possible. "I usually go by James, but any of them are okay with me."

"Well James, it's nice to meet you."

"Same here Tobias," I said, trying to force my body to relax a little. "It's really nice to meet you too."

"So, do you come here often?" He laughed. "God that's such a cliché question, isn't it?"

"Yeah," I tried to laugh with him, but instead I nearly fainted. I closed my eyes and breathed in deeply.

"Are you okay James?" He asked with true concern. His voice once again causing my brain to short circuit, and the bulge in my jeans to pulsate.

"I'm sorry," I finally mumbled after a few seconds. "Maybe I should go."

"I'd really like you to stay," He said softly as he reached out and gently touched my forearm. "I mean that James."

I stared at his hand. His hand that was gently caressing my arm. His sleek fingers slowly wrapping themselves around my wrist, pulling my hand towards him. Lifting my hand up. I followed his hand with my eyes. He raised my hand to his face and gently pressed my fingers to his cheek. I was gazing upon his face now, watching my fingers slowly circle the soft, smooth skin of his cheek. Why were my fingers doing that? What was I doing? Oh my God! He let go of my wrist. I left my hand where it was, unable to force myself to remove it from his face. His skin was so soft and subtle. I let my fingers walk their way down his cheek, under his chin and unto his neck. I traced around his Adams apple that was protruding every so sensually. I rested my fingers on the sweet spot of his neck, where his clavicles met and massaged the slight indentation there in a small circle.

"Oh, that feels wonderful," He whispered as he reached out and ran his fingers up and down my forearm in the same circular motion I was using on him. "James?"

"Yes..." 

"Would you like to go somewhere with me?"

"Oh God..." I whimpered.

"I'll take that as a yes." He smiled and ran his hand down my arm to my wrist and pulled my hand away from his neck. No! I mouthed as I quickly gasped in air.

"Don't worry James," He said assuredly. His voice causing my manhood to pulsate violently in my jeans. "You can touch a lot more later." He smiled his toothy smile and slid out of the booth, pulling me by my wrist with him.

Café Soul

Chapter Two : First Taste

I followed Tobias out of the Café, dropping a twenty on my table as I walked by. I watched him as he walked slowly in front of me. Now that he was standing, I could see his full frame. He was slender. A little shorter than myself. But damn he was slender! He was wearing a pair of short jeans. Not jean shorts, but short jeans, with a cuff rolled up just above the knee. His legs, bared from the knee down, where the sexiest legs I had seen in years. They were covered ever so finely with the same soft black hair that I had seen on his arms. I began to wonder what the rest of his legs looked like. Would I be getting to see them tonight? They were slender and sexy. So slender I bet I could easily wrap my hands around his claves and clamp my fingers together around them. I saw another tattoo on his right calf. It was a tiny star surrounded by a strange shaped single line. I didn't recognize it at first. I wondered how many more tattoos he had? 

By the time we had stepped through the doorway my eyes had wandered up his legs, those sexy, slender legs, and to his just as slender backside. My God, he had a perfect ass. His cheeks bounced ever so slightly as he walked. His ass was almost flat, with just the slightest of a roundness to each cheek. I was beginning to worry now, my manhood was throbbing profusely in my jeans. I tried to not look at his ass and legs, to try to stop the pulsating in my jeans, but I couldn't force myself to take my eyes off of him. We stepped out into the parking.

"Wisconsin!" I blurted out in almost a yell.

"What?" He turned and asked laughing.

"The tattoo." I replied, feeling even more embarrassed now, pointing down to his leg. He lifted his right leg and turned it outward and looked down.

"Yeah, that's Wisconsin," He laughed. "So I guess you've been doing a little looking?"

I felt my face get hot. I blushed. I felt faint.

"Hey it's okay," He assured me. "I'm glad you like what you see."

"So can I ask you how many other tats you have?" I replied, surprised I was able to speak coherently. 

"Well," He stepped close to me, placing the palm of his hand on my chest.. "Why don't you tell me how many I have later."

"Okay," I murmured as I felt the warmth of his hand through my shirt. My legs began to quiver. "Oh god! No!" I cried out softly. 

"What's the matter James?" He asked softly as he rubbed his hand across my chest and down to my stomach. I began to hyperventilate. My entire body tensed up. I couldn't stop myself. I gave in to my bodies desires. I felt myself begin to orgasm. Tobias grabbed me and pulled me close, our crotches pressing into each others. Tobias held me, pulling me in tightly as my climax sent a shudder through out my entire body. "Wow, did I do that?" He asked smiling.

"I'm sorry. Oh God this is so embarrassing." I whispered.

"No it's not," Tobias whispered in my ear as he held me close. "I'll take it as a compliment."

We stood there, in a tight embrace, for what seemed like an hour. In reality it was less than a minute. My manhood still pulsating as he pressed himself into me. My orgasm had subsided now, but I still felt my hardness pressing against him. 

"Can you walk?" He laughed, breaking our embrace and stepping back.

I breathed in deeply. I exhaled slowly. "Yeah," I laughed back. "I think so."

"I live just over there," He said pointing across the street and towards a four story high building that housed an art supply store at street level. "I have the top floor."

"Nice, I like art." I replied.

What the hell? That was stupidest thing to say. Come on man say something intelligent. I tried but couldn't think of anything else to say. I glanced at the building and then back to Tobias. "Why?" I whispered.

"Why? Why do I live there?" He laughed. I shook my head.

"Why are you doing this?" As soon as I said it I regretted it. The little voice in my head began to scream at me. Oh you stupid fucker! Shut up! Just go with him. You know you want to. Just shut up and go! Don't ruin this with stupid questions.

"I just want to," He smiled his toothy smile. "Don't you?"

I smiled. I nodded. I followed him across the street. He half skipped as he led the way, just ahead of me, as if he knew I wanted to keep watching him as he moved. He was right.

We entered the building through a side door that opened up into a small lobby. There were five mailboxes along one wall and a door that was labeled, 'Stairs'. He pulled a key ring from his backpack and inserted one of the keys into a slot by the door of the elevator. The door opened and he stepped in and turned to face me. I stood there, staring at him again.

"You coming?" He asked then broke out laughing as he looked at the front of my jeans. "Oops, you already did."

I blushed, but managed to laugh with him. I stepped into the elevator. The doors closed. He pushed the button for the fourth floor.

"Going up." He giddily said.

"I'd rather go down." I laughed. Oh God did I just say that? He turned and looked at me. I started to feel embarrassed, but the broad smile on his face set me at ease. I was finally beginning to feel comfortable. My nervousness had vanished, replaced with a new found boldness. I glanced over to the control panel on the wall. I reached out and pressed the 'Stop' button. He began to giggle. His smile got wider. He was nodding his head. His eyes told me everything I needed to know.

I knelt down in front of him. I reached up and gently grasped the waistband of his jeans and unbuttoned them. I unzipped them, revealing a pair of dark blue briefs, stripped with white and light blue. I tugged gently, at first, on his jeans. They were a tight fit on his slender frame. I wondered how he managed to even get into them. His hands came down and helped me pull his jeans down, me tugging on the cuffs just above his knees and he, pushing them down from the waistline. Soon they were bundled up around his feet. I ran my hands slowly up his legs, starting at his ankles. His slender legs, lightly covered in that soft black hair, felt divine. I let my hands float over his knees, around to the back of his legs, to caress the tender, sweet crevasse on the back of each knee. I caressed my way up the back of his thighs, which were soft and smooth. My fingertips touched the fabric of his underwear. I paused for a second, glancing up at him. His eyes were closed. His head tilted back. His broad toothy smile shone like a beacon in the night. I ran my hands over his underwear, gripping his small, firm, perfect ass. I leaned in and kissed his hardened manhood through his briefs as I massaged his ass, first softly, then digging my fingers into him and pulling him close to me. I let my fingers worm their way under the waistband of his fruit-of-the-looms and slowly pulled them down over his smooth sensual ass. When I did, the front of his briefs forced his hardened manhood to shift and point straight out at me under the fabric. I cupped the tender flesh of his ass in my hands and lowered my mouth over the tip of his manhood and licked him through his shorts. He was moaning softly now. His breathing had become slow and deep. I worked my fingers around his waistband until they met just above his protruding manhood. I pulled out on the waistband ever so slowly. He reached down and pulled up the front of his t-shirt. I gasped as he revealed his stomach to me. His smooth, tender, flat and toned stomach. That's when I saw another one of his tattoos. I tilted my head from left to right. Reading his tat.

"Born this way" Was written in a low arch between his belly button and where his pubic hair probably would have started, if he hadn't shaved them. I placed my tongue on the letter 'B' and began to trace the tat. I paused to kiss his stomach between each word. He pulled off his t-shirt, he was making purring sounds now and I felt his t-shirt flutter over my back as he dropped it. I pulled the front of his briefs out and down his legs. I was in awe now. His erection pointed out and up a little, bouncing slowly, begging to be sucked. I let my eyes savor the beauty of his erect manhood for a few seconds. I reached up and gently caressed his balls before hooking them in between my fingers and pulling down on them ever so gently, making his scepter of love point straight out. I reached around and placing my free hand on his soft tender ass, pulled him to me. My waiting mouth, open and eager, took in his hardened manliness. 
