 AUTHORS NOTE: This is a bisexual story with lady boys and a straight young male. When referencing the lady boys, I use the pronouns she and her as I understand that is the preferred way to address them.

*****

PRELUDE

Alan woke up on Saturday morning to the sound of thunder and pouring rain. He knew his golf game would be rained out so he rolled to his side and turned off the alarm clock. He rolled back to his left side and draped his arm over Sayaka and Mitsuki the two beautiful Japanese lady boys. He had inherited them from the abrupt passing away of his father just over a month ago. In the past few weeks he had become very comfortable having sex with them both.

Sayaka had got behind Mitsuki and slid her cock into Mitsuki's ass. Then Alan moved behind Sayaka and put his cock in her ass. Sayaka did all the work as she thrust into Mitsuki's ass and impaled her ass on Alan's cock. Sayaka picked up the pace in search of her own orgasm and as she did she drove Alan toward one as well. Alan stiffened and ejaculated into the sweet smooth ass. His cock eased from Sayaka's ass as he watched the two of them fuck. Sayaka came in Mitsuki's ass and then Mitsuki turned around and sucked both Sayaka's cock and Alan's cock back to hardness.

Mitsuki was now hard so she fucked Sayaka's ass. Alan briefly watched the two of them fuck right next to him before he slipped his cock into Mitsuki. Alan came first and then after Mitsuki came, Sayaka turned around and sucked Mitsuki's cock. Alan was in awe of how beautiful the two of them looked together. Mitsuki and Sayaka then got out of the bed and put their silk robes on. They told Alan that they would prepare breakfast and bowed slightly as they left the room. 

Alan lay in bed thinking about the life changing events over the past five weeks. He had been living in New York City working with a prominent consulting firm. His father was wealthy and had opted to retire early and live in Southern California. His dad had had the beautiful housekeepers for over a year before he passed away. It wasn't until Alan inherited them that he learned they were Japanese lady boys. His dad had been very secretive about them. 

Now as he lay in bed and stroked his cock, he thought about the day ahead of him. It was pouring rain, golf was cancelled and he had no reason to leave the stately house. As a young man of 25 years of age he was able to have multiple ejaculations in a day and that's what he had planned. It was a perfect day to have sex with the two Asian beauties. A bath in the Roman style tub with the two beauties would be on order after breakfast. 

YEARS EARLIER

Alan graduated from an Ivy league college and then obtained his MBA at a Business School before entering the workplace. He was recruited and hired by a prominent management consulting firm in Manhattan. Alan's mother had passed away after a battle with cancer when he was in his final year of high school. His father, Jake, was still working at the time but once Alan went to college, Jake moved to California to leave the bad memories behind. His father was wealthy and really did not need to work. 

Alan would visit his father over the summer break from college and enjoy the amenities of California. He loved the beaches and he learned to surf. All the young people seemed to be fit and Alan was committed to stay that way too. He was 6'1" and weighed in at 185 pounds. He was body was lean and firm from his staying active. He loved to swim and downhill ski. After learning to surf he also learned to snowboard. 

It was the summer before he began work at the consulting firm that he met Sayaka and Mitsuki at his father's new house. After arriving at the airport Friday evening, Alan rented a car and drove to the exclusive suburbs where his father Jake lived. It was his first time he had been to the home and as Alan turned into the gated community he admired the entrance. The guard had Alan's name on the guest list and he gave him directions to his father's house. Alan drove slowly and took in the mansions and estate like homes. One was bigger and more stunning than the next. Then he located Jake's house and pulled in the large circular driveway. Alan was impressed with the house and thought that someday he might live like this. 

Alan made his way up the walk to the front door and he rang the bell. The delightful chimes echoed through the house and within seconds the front door was opened. Alan was greeted by a beautiful Asian girl wearing a jade color silk dress. The dress had a high collar on it and it covered her neck. The girl's hair was jet black and it was pulled back and tied into a long ponytail. Alan stared at her in all her beauty before stepping into the foyer.

"Master Jake is expecting you, please you follow me," the girl said in a soft voice. 

Alan followed her into the main part of the house, the long pony tail reached the middle of her back. He noticed that her jade dress was cut up the side of both legs all the way to the thigh. The dress emphasized her shape as it hugged her small breasts and her perfect round ass. Alan watched her walk in front of him and he focused on her ass as it undulated beneath the tight fitting dress. He felt his loins stir just from looking at her.

Alan was led into the den where Jake was nursing a scotch. "Hey it's great to see you. It's been over a year. I'm glad you're here. I see you have met my housekeeper Sayaka. You will meet my other housekeeper in a few minutes. Sayaka, please bring my son a scotch."

Sayaka made a slight bow and then left the room. When she returned with Alan's drink the other housekeeper walked in with a tray of snacks. Alan looked at the other girl and she looked almost identical to Sayaka except that her dress was gold. 

"Alan this is Mitsuki."

"Pleased to meet you," Alan greeted her.

The two girls bowed slightly and then left the room. Alan watched as an ample amount of leg peaked on the sides of both dresses and their cute round asses rolled with each step. Alan couldn't believe how beautiful they both were. Mitsuki and Sayaka looked like two porcelain dolls, they were that fine. Alan immediately wondered if his father was fucking both of them. 

"They have great asses, don't they?" Jake said as if he was reading his son's mind.

"They're beautiful!" was all Alan could say in reply.

"Hey, cheers!" Jake said raising his glass.

Alan returned the toast, "Cheers!" and he lifted his glass to his father.

"Come on bring your drink and I'll show you the new place while Mitsuki and Sayaka get dinner ready. I hope you like Jap food."

"I do. I have it often in New York."

Alan picked up his drink and followed his father around the house. He was impressed with the house and décor. Jake showed him the first floor and lower level as there were only bedrooms and baths on the second level. On the main floor was the living room, dining room, library, den, kitchen, breakfast area, a gathering area and two bathrooms. The lower level was really interesting where there was an exercise area, bar, game room, two more bathrooms and a room Jake called the relaxation room. The relaxation room had mats on the floor, several lounges, a massage table and a large Jacuzzi. 

"I have a lot of fun in this room with Mitsuki and Sayaka," he remarked to his son.

Alan felt his cock swell just from the thought of being naked in the relaxation room with Mitsuki and Sayaka. He imagined his father in the Jacuzzi naked with his two housekeepers and then getting a massage from them. He wondered if his father ended up fucking the two of them. Jake told Alan that he would see it tomorrow but outside there was a swimming pool and another Jacuzzi, a cabana and plenty of lounge chairs and that it was very private and that he often swam in the nude outside. Then they went back upstairs to check on dinner.

Sayaka told them that dinner was ready to be served so Jake and Alan took their seats at the dining table. Mitsuki opened a bottle of wine and Jake gave his approval after tasting it. Mitsuki and Sayaka then brought the food out from the kitchen and served Alan and Jake. Alan could not take his eyes of Mitsuki and Sayaka as they moved around the table and made several trips to the kitchen. He constantly caught glimpses of their bare legs through the slits in their skirts but it was their shapely asses that he salivated over.

Alan was surprised but pleased when the housekeepers sat down at the table to dine with them. The meal was fantastic and Alan enjoyed everything that was prepared. Mitsuki and Sayaka guided Alan through the Japanese dishes and explained what sauces and spices to use. His father cautioned him on one spice.

"Alan, be careful with that one. It will burn the skin in your throat and scald the hairs in your nose," Jake said with a boisterous laugh. 

Sayaka told Alan that it was very hot and to try just a tiny bit. She moved over to Alan and took a speck and placed it on Alan's plate. As she did she pressed her breast against his arm then she smiled at him as she moved back to her seat. Alan tasted the spice as directed by Sayaka and Jake was right. Just that little speck set his mouth on fire. He quickly slugged down some wine as the three of them laughed.

"Wow, I never had anything that hot before. I'll be sure to keep a look out for it in the future." 

After dinner the men adjourned to the den and Jake poured them after-dinner drinks. They chatted some more while Mitsuki and Sayaka cleaned up the dishes. Jake was proud of Alan and it was obvious. He refreshed their drinks just as Mitsuki and Sayaka came into the den. They stood there as if waiting for their next assignment.

"Is Alan's room ready?"

"Yes master Jake."

"Very well, that will be all for tonight. Thank you!"

The two beauties bowed again and left the room. Alan filled his father in on his new job and after another drink it was time for bed. Jake showed Alan to his room and bid him goodnight. He was only in his room a few seconds seated on the bed when he heard a soft knock and the door opened slowly.

Mitsuki and Sayaka smiled and they walked over and knelt on either side of Alan. He slid forward on the end of the bed as they unbuckled his belt and unfastened his trousers. Alan then lifted his hips as they tugged his pants and underwear down past his knees. He was already hard when his cock came into view. It sprung up when his underwear cleared his pubes and he heard gasps from Mitsuki and Sayaka. Still no words were spoken

Alan watched as the two delicate mouths moved up and down on the side of his shaft with their lips pressed together. The slit skirts spread out and Alan could see an ample amount of leg flesh showing. He was really turned on and he knew that it would take everything he had to control an early ejaculation. Sayaka wrapped her hand around the base of Alan's cock. She held his balls and cock in one hand with his balls resting on her thumb. She held him snugly and as a result his ball sac was stretched tight. 

Sayaka then began to lick his tight ball sac and at the same time Mitsuki lowered her mouth to engulf his cock. Alan wanted to reach down and grab both pony tails as they worked on his cock but he thought better of it. Instead he just watched as the two beauties worked over his cock as they took turns sucking it. Alan then felt his balls really tighten as his orgasm built in his loins. Sayaka seemed to sense his pending ejaculation and she covered his cock with her mouth.

Alan groaned as he came and filled Sayaka's mouth with cum. She took the first two streams in her mouth and then she passed the cock to Mitsuki so that she could receive the next burst of cum. Mitsuki took a couple a shots and then passed it back to Sayaka. The two of them passed Alan's cock back and forth until he was drained of every drop of cum. Mitsuki and Sayaka were extremely efficient as not a single drop of semen was missed. Alan just leaned back on the bed and groaned. He then realized that the girls were leaving his room.

"Wait, don't you want to come to be with me? I would like to pleasure you both."

"Maybe, soon but not tonight," Sayaka said softly.

That was the first time but not the last that he received oral sex from them. He never did get to see them naked or get to fuck them. Alan was somewhat disappointed that he didn't have more than oral and assumed they were under strict orders from his father. 

He returned to New York and started his new job. There were plenty of hot chicks in the city and he was soon having plenty of sex and dating several girls. It was year since he visited his father when he got the news of him passing away. He took bereavement leave of his job so he could settle his father's estate. Alan flew to California and met with his father's attorney.

INHERITING A SMALL FORTUNE & TWO BEAUTIES

Alan was seated across from his father's attorney. "I can't believe this happened. Dad was never sick a day in his life."

"It caught us all by surprise Alan. However, you father was smart and a man who planned ahead and his Estate Trust is an example of that."

"Was there anything that triggered this or caused it, a previous injury?"

"No, a brain aneurysm is impossible to detect. At least it was over quickly and he didn't suffer."

"I still can't believe it. I was just at his new home last year. He was enjoying life so much."

"Well it's your home now; he left everything to you including possession of Mitsuki and Sayaka. I'll arrange for all the title transfers to your name. You can move into the house anytime you want to. Access to the money and investments is restricted to a maximum each year. If you wish I can be your attorney going forward and administer the Trust."

"Yes, I would like that. You've been a great help. Thank you! Do tell me about Sayaka and Mitsuki?"

"They were purchased through an agency and were actually your father's property. They are yours now, if you choose to keep them on. You may be able to sell them back to the agency if you want. It is all here in this folder."

"I don't want to rush into any decisions too soon. I'll talk with them and see what they might like to do. I'm going to call my firm and see if I can transfer to the California office."

"That's wise, I'm sure they will say yes rather than lose you to a competitor. In time you may want to start your own company and I can help you with that."

Alan shook hands with the attorney and left his office. He had many things to settle up over the next several weeks. He would cancel the lease on his city apartment as he would not need it going forward. He didn't need all his furnishings either, so he would donate them as well. He would just ship his clothing and personal items to the house.

He thought about the two beauties that had served his father so well and now they could be his. Alan always enjoyed being with Mitsuki and Sayaka and he loved getting oral sex from them. Now, though, he was looking forward to seeing them naked and fucking them. 

ALAN'S DISCOVERY

After meeting with the attorney, Alan went to his father's house that in days would be his. The two housekeepers were waiting for him and they understood that they were now his property. Master Jake had always told them that they would be taken care of by his son. They were dressed in the snug silk dresses slit up the side when Alan arrived. 

"Master Alan would you like drink?"

"Yes, Sayaka, please bring me a scotch."

"Maybe after drink, you like Jacuzzi and massage. We always do that that for Master Jake."

"You know Mitsuki, that sounds wonderful. It has been an exhausting day. I could use some relaxation."

Alan relaxed in the den with a scotch rocks and he glanced at the folder that the attorney had given him. "Plenty of time to read that tomorrow," he thought to himself. He finished his drink and decided to use the Jacuzzi as Mitsuki had suggested.

"Robe is on bed for you."

"Thank you Mitsuki," he replied realizing that he didn't need a swim suit for the inside Jacuzzi.

He wondered if Sayaka and Mitsuki were going to join him in the Jacuzzi. He realized that he could order them to join him but he decided against that for now. If they did on their own that was another thing and he soon had his answer. He was already in the water when Sayaka and Mitsuki entered the room. They were both wearing silk kimono robes and he hoped that they were naked underneath. Alan stared at them as they turned their backs to him and dropped their robes. They were naked as he had hoped and their beautiful shapely bodies were on display. 

Alan took in their beauty from head to toe. He admired their slender shapely legs as his eyes traveled upward to their buttocks. He stared at their incredible curvy asses which looked perfect, their waists were narrow and their skin was flawless. Sayaka and Mitsuki released their ponytails and their silky black hair draped over their shoulders down their backs. Alan's cock was rock hard at the sight of them.

Sayaka and Mitsuki turned around and faced Alan. He looked at their pretty faces and small but perfect tits briefly. Then his eyes dropped and looked at their pussies. However, they didn't have pussies they had dicks. Sayaka and Mitsuki were boys and they had cocks, small cocks but they were definitely cocks.

Alan kept staring at the pretty boys somewhat in disbelief but at the same time in admiration of their incredible effeminate bodies. Sayaka and Mitsuki then walked toward him and they entered the Jacuzzi. The little cocks hardened and he noticed that they were very small, maybe just a couple of inches when hard if that. Sayaka and Mitsuki stood close to Alan and ran their hands over his body. They lifted his balls and stroked his cock as they pressed their small firm tits into his body. Alan at that moment realized why they only performed oral sex on him in the past; they didn't want him to know his father's secret.

They stayed in the Jacuzzi for several minutes engaging in foreplay until Mitsuki announced it was time for a massage. Alan got out of the water and Sayaka and Mitsuki dried him with a large fluffy towel. He stretched out on the massage table as Sayaka and Mitsuki retrieved the body oils. Sayaka massaged Alan's upper body as Mitsuki massaged his legs. He was face down as Sayaka and Mitsuki worked the oil into his shoulders, back, buttocks and legs. Alan then turned over and his erection was sticking up in the air. They massaged Alan's chest, abs and legs skipping his pubes. Then they returned to his pubes and lovingly stroked his cock. Alan knew he would cum if they kept it up. 

Sayaka said in a soft sexy voice, "You like fuck us now?"

Alan had a decision to make that he had made once before in college. Would he fuck a male ass again or in this case two of them? Only Alan and his partner knew of his one bisexual encounter years ago. It had been easy because the gay was so effeminate and so cute with a killer ass. Now as he looked at the housekeepers it was clear that no one could look more feminine than they did. He knew he could do it and he wanted to do it.

Both of them were on all fours on the large mat and they were oiling their bottoms. Alan moved quickly behind Sayaka and lined up his cock with her anus. He pushed in and found the fit to be very snug but his cock steadily entered the sweet ass. Sayaka grunted as she felt the large cock make its way into her ass. Sayaka placed a hand on Alan's thigh as a reminder to slow the penetration. 

"Oh Mitsuki, he so big but feel so good!"

He began to fuck Sayaka slowly and each time he moved forward his cock went a little deeper. Sayaka moaned and groaned each time the cock went deeper and touched new areas in her rectum. Soon Alan had his 7+ inches buried in her ass. Alan loved the way Sayaka looked on all fours. She looked submissive and delicate as his big thick cock reamed her ass. He was close now and he knew that he was going to shoot an enormous load in the incredible ass. He thrust all the way in and groaned out loud as he came in the gripping rectum. Jets of cum shot into Sayaka's ass and quickly filled her to overflowing. As he resumed fucking Sayaka, cum ran out of her ass and down over her tiny balls. Sayaka's sphincter was working furiously milking the big cock.
