 It started out like every other year. I go camping for a week every October by myself to kind of decompress from work and my marriage. Don't get me wrong, I love my wife very much, we have been together for a long time but sometimes it is just good to get away. I tell her it is to go fly fishing but all I really do is sit around the campfire, have a few drinks and soak up not having to do anything I don't want to do. Eat when I am hungry, sleep when I am tired, and just relax. I was 40 the year this happened and I have not thought of the camping trip the same since. 

The place I go camping has a bathhouse kind of in the middle of the campground with showers and toilets. There are two shower stalls, rather large, facing each other. It was Monday morning, I had been camping since Saturday and I decided I needed a shower. One nice thing about these showers is there is lots of good hot water so you can take a long shower if the mood strikes. The shower stalls have a small changing area outside each stall, all behind a short curtain. The curtains offer some privacy but you can see over, under and on each side of them into the stall. 

It was early morning and I was alone in the shower letting the hot water cascade over my body and one thing led to another and as relaxed as I was my cock had a mind of its own and started to get hard. Being alone and figuring that there weren't many others up that early I went ahead and took things in hand. I started slowly stroking my cock using my right hand while my left reached down and began caressing my balls. I was slowly building up speed and it was feeling really good when I heard the sound of the bathhouse door opening and I quickly turned in the shower so my back was to the curtain so whoever came in would not see that I had been jacking off. I heard them go into the other shower stall, get undressed and then the sound of the water coming on. Then he said over the sound of both our showers running "I hope you didn't use up all the hot water, I need a good long shower to relax and get the kinks out."

"There is plenty of hot water," I said back, "you can take long showers here without having to worry about running out of water."

"Good," he said, "I like my showers long and hot, lets me work all the stress out." We stopped talking and that point and while my cock was no longer fully hard it was still asking for attention. I figured I would go back to my tent to finish what I had started in the shower. I dried off and got dressed and pulled open my curtain and looked across at the other stall and in the space between the side of the curtain and the wall I could see the man who had been talking to me. He was washing his hair and had his eyes closed and was facing me. I could not help but check out his cock, I guess that is natural enough, but what I saw made me draw in a sharp breath. His cock was huge. I had to be 6 or 7 inches long and it was totally soft. I could not imagine how large it would be if it were hard. 

I was mesmerized by it. I had never had a gay thought in my life but could not take my eyes off his cock. At that time I could not even have told you how old he was, what color his hair was, or anything about him but that cock had me completely spellbound. It was cut, beautifully shaped with a pair of low hanging balls that were just the right size for it, meaning also large. I just stood there and stared at it. As I watched it began to grow slowly until it was pointing at me and was then about 9 inches long. I heard the man chuckle and it broke the spell and I looked up at his face. He was probably 50 or so, with dark hair, solid build and he was looking at me with a knowing chuckle in his eyes. 

I turned red with embarrassment at being caught staring at his cock and started to turn away when he said "It's nice, isn't it?"

I didn't know what to say so I didn't say anything and he continued "Everyone that sees it for the first time looks at it like that, men, women, they just can't believe how good it looks. Nothing to be ashamed of. Come on in if you want a better look."

I could not believe how arrogant he was but my eyes drifted down and it was still pointing at me, still hard, still the most amazing cock I had ever seen. I could not take my eyes off it. What am I doing I thought. I am standing here, in a public space, and I can't take my eyes off another man's cock. What's wrong with me? "Come on boy, just come closer and get a better look at it, it won't hurt... much." He said with a chuckle.

I don't know what came over me but I stepped forward, past the curtain into his stalls changing area and could not take my eyes off that cock. That amazing, wonderful cock. Did I just think that? Did I find another man's cock beautiful? What was happening to me? I didn't know, I just knew that I was hypnotized by its presence. He was standing in the shower, the water falling over his body and I just stood there with my eyes down and stared. "Go down to your knees," he said, "that will give you a better look."

And so help me I did. I could not stop looking at it. It was at that moment everything to me. Here I was in a public place, kneeling down and staring at another man's cock. I didn't care about anything other than how fascinating I was finding his cock. He must have sensed something, or else he just couldn't resist, but the next thing I knew he stepped out of the shower, standing right in front of me, his cock only a foot away and he said "Go on, I know you want to touch it. You might not get another chance to touch a cock like this one so go for it."

Without even thinking I reached out and wrapped my hand around it. I just held it, feeling the power of it, the control it had over me. I could not move. I could not take my eyes off it. I just kneeled there and held that amazing cock in my hand and could hardly breathe. It seemed to pulse as I held it. Before I knew it I felt my hand moving up and down the length of it. Moments ago I had been stroking my own cock and now I was stroking his and I realized that I liked the feeling of his in my hand more than the feeling of my own. I didn't care that we were in a public place. I didn't worry that someone might walk in and see me stroking another man's cock. I only cared that I had it in my hand and was bringing it pleasure. What had gotten into me? 

"Use your other hand on my balls boy." He said. And without thinking I did. I reached up and cupped his balls in my other hand never stopping the movement of my other hand on his cock. I was jacking him off. I was giving him a hand job. I was lost in the pleasure of bringing such a magnificent cock pleasure. Looking down at me he snickered and said, "Go on boy, you know what you want to do, no sense stopping now."

And I did know. I knew what I had to do. Without even thinking I opened my mouth, moved forward a bit and felt his cock slip into my mouth. I was sucking his cock. I was on my knees and sucking the most amazing cock I had ever seen. I could only get 3 or 4 inches in my mouth without gagging but that meant I didn't have to let go of his cock. I stroked his cock with one hand, played with his balls with the other, and worked my mouth up and down as much as I could get in my mouth. I was giving him a blow job and I loved it. I was where I wanted and needed to be. I could feel my cock rock hard in my pants as his cock slid in and out of my mouth. My tongue washed it with relish. I had to please this man, no not the man, this cock. His cock was everything to me. I didn't want to be anywhere but on my knees bringing it pleasure. 

"This cock has turned more than one boy into a cocksucker." He said. "You will spend the rest of your life thinking about today and how you became a cock slut. You will probably never find another like it, but I'd bet you suck many more trying."

Me, a cocksucker? Sucking other cocks? I could not imagine that to be true, but I certainly was a cocksucker at that moment, and did not want to be anything or anywhere else. "Show me how happy you are to be my cocksucker boy, lick those balls a bit." And I did.

I kissed each of his balls, never stopping the stroking of his cock. I licked them until they were covered in my spit and knew this was where I was meant to be. On my knees, pleasuring this cock. Doing anything required to bring it joy. I rubbed his cock all over my face as I kissed and licked my way up to the tip and once again took it in my mouth. 

"Are you about ready for your reward boy?" he said. "Won't be long till my cum is filling your mouth. Hope you don't mind, but I tend to cum a lot when I first turn someone into a cocksucker."

Oh god, I had not thought of that. Here I was, more thrilled than I could remember being and doing what I knew I had to do, but I had not thought of the fact that he would be cumming, and he obviously planned on cumming in my mouth. Was I ready for it? Did I want it? Did I have a choice? The answer was I wanted it to cum. I wanted to bring it enough pleasure to make it erupt in my mouth. I wanted to taste his sperm as it filled my mouth. At that moment I just wanted to be his slut, his whore, his cocksucker. I wanted him to use me until he was done with me. I needed to taste his cum.

I picked up my pace, sucking harder and moving my mouth and hand in unison along his shaft. It grew even a bit harder and longer and them it exploded. My mouth was filled with cum by his first shot. His second shot overflowed and ran down my chin. I swallowed as fast as I could and still his cum was more than I could take. As he filled my mouth with his seed I realized, on some distant level, that I had cum too. I had filled my shorts with cum without touching myself just from the pleasure of sucking this amazing cock. His cock started to soften in my mouth and I just held it there. Not moving, just enjoying the sensation of his cock on my tongue. 

He stepped back and said "Good job boy, one would never know you were a beginning cocksucker. You did that like a pro. What's your site number?"

Without thinking I told him, still staring at his beautiful cock, not hard, but still huge. "I will find you later so you can practice some more cocksucker. You want that don't you?"

I nodded and he waved me away. I walked back to my campsite, not caring about the wet spot in my pants. Not caring that I had cum on my chin and his taste in my mouth. Not caring that anyone that saw me would know what I had been doing, what I had become. I was his cocksucker and I was glad.