 I took my erect penis in my hand and shuffled forward. His ass was raised in the air, his hole wide from where my two fingers had been. I gripped his left cheek with my hand and placed my throbbing head against the opening, pressing forward slowly. I entered his tight hole... and God was it tight!

I only entered a little way because it was bound to be a tight fit. Even though he wasn't a virgin - he was a gay cock-sucking slut - I was straight and didn't know what it would be like. He let out a delicious moan and arched his back, pressing his ass onto my penis, desperate for more. I took this signal with relish and plunged further in. I felt a surge of excitement in my chest as I realized that I was fucking another guy...

***

I'll back up a little. I'm sorry, but I'm getting kind of carried away with all this. As I said, I'm a straight guy. I've always been into girls - the way they smell, the tight wetness of their pussies, the hair and alluring eyes... well, you know how attraction works.

Admittedly, I had been kind of bi-curious. Not much - certainly not enough to act on. But I had sometimes watched gay porn and jerked off. I'd certainly thought about what an amazing blowjob you'd get from a queer, and how, if circumstances were right, I'd be tempted to try. But I'd never been attracted to an actual guy. I'd never stared at men in public showers or been drawn to people I knew. At least, I hadn't been that way inclined until I met Alex.

I was 22 and a college student in my last year. I won't say where I was for the sake of anonymity, and Alex is not his real name. But the state we were in was one with mountains, and as such had a hiking society.

Now I'd never been one for that sort of thing. I was into sports big time, playing football and baseball, but a recent injury had forced me off the field. I was building up my strength again, trying to get back to full fitness, so opted for gentler exercise. I did a bit of swimming, and decided to join this walking group. It couldn't be too difficult, I reasoned. They met once a month to do a ten km walk through the less harsh terrain around the mountains, and there were plenty of chicks who did it. So I thought 'what the heck'.

Shortly before the first trip, there was a meeting. I went along, listened to the safety crap they talk, and just concentrated on what I needed to bring. At the end of the talk I got up to go, since I wasn't too interested in this socially. Besides, the mixture of nerdy girls and hippy guys wasn't my idea of cool.

Anyway, as I go to leave a male student walks out behind me. I'm a friendly guy nonetheless, so I turn and smile. He's obviously gay, one of those people who you just know is... the walk, the mannerisms, the look.

"Hi," he said, in a camp but not ridiculous tone. "You're new to this aren't you?"

"Yeah, just joined. This will be my first outing."

"Ah right. What made you decide to come?"

"Well, I picked up an injury on the football field. In my right leg. So I'm trying to ease myself back into sports with stuff like walking and swimming."

He had short blonde hair and blue eyes. He had a femininity about him, sure, but there was something also masculine. Like you could imagine him sucking a cock, but would also love to have his in someone's mouth. I found it an odd mixture - he had enough of a camp allure to draw me in, but was a man enough for it to be very taboo. It was strange as I picture him on all fours in bed, taking another guy up his ass. What was wrong with me?

"My name's Alex by the way." I introduced myself to him and we shook hands. He had very delicate, soft skin and a light touch that sent a strange tingle through me.

We walked to where my car was, chatting about what we did. He was studying some fashion bullshit, what a surprise. Anyway, he was a nice guy, and I was glad to have made a contact.

"Listen, we usually share a tent, just to cut down on how much we have to carry. My usual partner is in San Francisco, and as you came alone are you interested in sharing?"

I had forgotten that part. After the ten km, we were due to crash in a field and then get picked up the next morning for the two hour drive back. The location of his buddy didn't surprise me - no doubt those two liked to indulge in a bit of al fresco fucking after their walk.

"That's real kind of you, thanks. I'd love to."

We parted ways, with the hike due to take place in a week. As I lay in bed that night, I couldn't help but picture Alex in some deserted field somewhere, lying on his back, with a guy between his legs fucking him senseless. I was hard by the time I imagined the anonymous friend of his pulling out and cumming all over his face.

I reached down, grabbing my penis out of my boxers and pumping furiously. I came so much, in about 30 seconds as well, soaking myself as I imagined Alex. I felt a little guilty after, like weird, but I fell asleep and forgot all about it.

***

Saturday lunch and I found myself exiting the bus with the various characters, looking up at the scenery. It was a cool enough day, although not cold... a few hours walking would see me sweat I am sure.

I hadn't sat next to Alex on the bus, but alone, sleeping as much as I could. So I saw him now, saying hi.

"Glad you could make it. You still on for sharing a tent?"

"You bet. Let me take the poles off you and you can carry the canvas. That OK?"

"Yeah thanks a lot. It's quite small I'm afraid, so it'll be a tight fit with the bags and stuff."

"Ah, well we'll be tired anyway and probably won't notice."

"You're right."

"I mean, I'd prefer a big bed with a naked chick in but hey."

He laughed.

"The bed I can agree with. The girl... well, not my thing," he giggled.

"No, I sorta guessed. More into cock, huh?" I teased.

"You bet. And a nice ass, of course."

Glad that we were joking and comfortable with each other, I started walking. Alex stuck close behind, and I got the sense that he was staring at my backside. Perhaps that was just prejudice though.

***

It was dark, although the full moon lit up the sky. A cool wind chilled the air, and the rustling of the foliage was audible. Since we were on uneven ground, with a lot of rocks, our tents were all spread apart. So you could hear the odd murmur of people talking if you listened, but barely.

I crawled into our tent. Alex wasn't lying - it was tiny. It was just light enough for me to see him get into his sleeping bag, and noticed he was wearing just his underwear. Tight, white underwear.

I proceeded to pack my stuff in one corner and straighten out my own bag. I faced away from my homosexual sleeping partner as I removed my T shirt. I then removed my pants, with some difficulty as I had to kneel in the cramped confines of our canvas bedroom.

Nearly naked, I slipped into my sleeping bag and turned to face Alex. He was right next to me, mostly due to the space issue but a little closer than he had to be, I suspect. We chatted for a while about the hike, then a pause came. I could hear the soft wind outside, the rustling of plants the cool silence of the mountains.

There was some tension in the air.

"God, my shoulders are so tense from the bag," I said, trying to alleviate the atmosphere.

"Oh are they?"

"Yeah, I'm so out of shape since my injury."

There was another pause.

"Let me give them a rub, that'll do the trick." Alex offered. I must say, it sounded good. I mean, OK he liked to fuck men, to get on top of them and stick his meaty penis between their buttocks, biting their necks as he pounded them, but I needed a massage!

"Er, sure, thanks," I replied. "Although," I said, trying to lighten the mood. "Don't get carried away. I want to keep my anal virginity!"

Alex laughed.

"Don't worry, this is purely platonic. I know how to massage very well. And what makes you think I would want to do you anyway?!"

"Ha! OK, point taken."

With that, he swung his leg over me, straddling my back. He pulled my covering down to my knees and started rubbing me.

As soon as his soft fingers made contact, I was turned on. Fuck! It was like electricity through my body. With his warm thighs pressed against my sides, and his penis pressed into the back, I started to get hard.

Still, after a while I drifted off into the massage. It felt good, and my cock softened. We were silent as he touched me.

"God, that IS good..."

"I knew you'd like it."

Alex's fingers then trailed downward. Rubbing the middle of my back firmly, I started to wonder whether he really was trying to seduce me.

His hands went back up to my shoulders. He rubbed firmly, easing the tension. Then his fingers trailed down again, this time further. He wiggled his bottom onto mine, allowing access to my whole back. He went further and further downwards until he hit my waistband.

"OK, Alex, I think that's good," I said, panicking slightly. What the fuck was happening? I was turned on, but this had gone too far.

He shuffled off me and I turned. It was dark, but I could just about make him out. He didn't have a proper hard on, but I could definitely see a swell in his boxers. Weird as shit. Some part of me was disappointed though. I was horny!

"Well you owe me, mister."

Suddenly I wanted him. I wanted to take this opportunity to caress his body. I wanted his mouth round my penis.

"OK, like down then," I instructed. He did, on top of his sleeping back. I mounted him, sitting on top of his cute little ass. Tight, I thought, a tight little ass.

I started on his shoulders. He moaned.

"Oh, that's so goooood. Be firm with me."

I increased the tempo, matching what my heart was doing. I was too nervous to get hard at this point, otherwise my boxers would have ripped open.

After as long as I could make it, I started moving down.

"Yeah, my whole back, please. Unless that's too gay for you," Alex giggled.

"Don't worry, this stops at your underwear."

But when I reached his underwear, my fingers kept going. I pulled his waistband down slightly. How long was this pretense going to last?

I slipped them down a little further, only I didn't stop. Alex lifted his middle up, and I whipped his boxers off completely. Alex didn't look around, just lay there. I stared at his naked body. It was so sexy - slender yet meaty; feminine yet masculine. His ass... oh his ass! It was so tight and muscular and soft and delicious. I reached out and grabbed it. He moaned. I squeezed and fondled his glutes. Then I lifted my right and up and spanked him, one one each buttock. He squeeled with delight.

"I knew you wanted me, big boy."

I didn't know how to respond, so just slipped my own boxers off, sitting on top of another man, completely naked. I lay on him, my quickly hardening dick placed on his butt.

I kissed his neck passionately, the sounds of the soft licking audible to just us. I nibbled his ear, sticking my tongue in. I was grinding my waist onto his, my cock now rock hard. I shifted it so it flopped in between his cheeks, then proceeded to thrust.

"I want you, baby."

"Oh, I want you, too! I want you inside of me."

Alex suddenly turned, then pulled my face to him. My tongue entered his mouth, meeting his and swirling around. We kissed for about five minutes as our cocks pressed against each other. His hands glided down my back, finding my ass and squeezing.

He quickly pushed me over and I fell onto my bed. He jumped on top, for the second time that night. But instead of focusing on the top of my body, he snuck straight to the bottom half. Before I was aware of what was happening, his mouth was around my penis. It felt amazing! His tongue was everywhere, and my cock slipped in and out of his lips. I grabbed his bobbing head and pushed him further. He then started on my balls: it was too much. The tingling put me in heaven. I begged him to stopped and he took my throbbing dick back in his mouth.

"Oh, I'm cumming, Alex. I'm cumming!" I moaned.

He doubled his efforts and ecstasy surged through my naked body. I felt myself cum an unbelievable amount and he swallowed it all, using his tongue to then clean me up.

I lay back, breathing heavily. But before I had time to fall asleep, he had shimmied up my torso and dangled his testicles on my face. So I took them in my mouth. This is weird, I thought.

I licked and sucked as Alex made more and more noise. I then slipped my tongue up his penis: it tasted good, and was so hot. As in warm, not sexy. It was sexy as well, though. I licked his shaft, then swirled my tongue over the head of his cock and around. I took it in between my lips and connected again with my tongue. Alex's moans were so feminine it was a real turn on. My hands went over his soft chest, down his stomach and round to his ass.

I prized his cheeks apart. I was done messing around with his mouth. I was hard again and I wanted to fuck him properly, fuck him like I would a girl.

So I moved my finger around his asshole. Slowly at first. Then I moved in, forcing him to take it. It went in easily, so I moved it out and in again. My lips were still round his penis, but I barely knew it. I slipped a second finger in.

Then Alex moved off of me and to his bag. He brought out a bottle and handed it to me. His penis was bobbing in front of him. It was lube. He smiled, I smiled.

I squeezed some onto my fingers as Alex voluntarily repositioned himself. He was on all fours, his ass offered up to me. I stuck my two fingers in again, this time as far as I could. He moaned so loudly I thought others would hear.

"Stick your cock in me!" he panted

I took my erect penis in my hand and shuffled forward. His ass was raised in the air, his hole wide from where my two fingers had been. I gripped his left cheek with my hand and placed my throbbing head against the opening, pressing forward slowly. I entered his tight hole... and God was it tight!

I only entered a little way because it was bound to be a tight fit. Even though he wasn't a virgin - he was a gay cock-sucking slut - I was straight and didn't know what it would be like. He let out a delicious moan and arched his back, pressing his ass onto my penis, desperate for more. I took this signal with relish and plunged further in. I felt a surge of excitement in my chest as I realized that I was fucking another guy...

I spanked him.

"Fuck me, go on, and spank me!"

I slapped his cheeks again.

"I'm your little slut aren't I? Your little gay slut!"

I pumped faster and harder. Alex moaned and moaned.

"I'm cumming!" he announced.

"So am I!"

I leant forward and grabbed his cock, giving two or three firm pumps. I felt him tense and he sprayed everywhere. Just as he finished, I felt myself go.

I reached the throws of ecstasy as my balls emptied into him, my cum shooting into his ass. I slowed down and collapsed on top of him. He collapsed onto the floor. I pulled out but just lay there. We drifted off...

***

The next morning I awoke to a fully lit tent. I was on my back, naked. Alex wasn't there. Suddenly I heard a sound and he rustled into the tent in his shorts. He smiled.

"Hey there, sexy."

"Hi."

That was it. Nothing more was said. Instead, Alex slipped his shorts off, revealing his naked form. His head went straight to my morning wood, taking it all in his delicious, soft, warm mouth. He sucked and sucked, licked and licked. He removed it, then took it in his hand and jerked it. As my body tensed, he lowered his head, opened his mouth, and I shut my eyes to come into his throat. He swallowed and licked the head of my penis again.

"We'd better get packing," he stated.

"Yeah," I said, breathing heavily. We packed up.

There was no repeat of the fun that we shared in the mountains. I went back to fucking chicks, and haven't found any other guys that turn me on. Alex has got through a number of men, and probably turned a few straight ones too, at least for the night. I am tempted to try my luck at the local pool, see if I can get my cock sucked by someone who knows what they're doing, but that's a story for another time...