 My brother and his friends were going to a hunting camp for the weekend. My brother Tom asked me if I wanted to go along. That wasn't like Tom. He normally didn't like his eighteen year old brother tagging along. He did say that his friend Jake requested that I be included.

Jake was the alpha male in my brother's group of friends. He had been the quarterback on the football team. What he wanted he normally got. I said I would go along. Friday morning the cars were packed and we drove an hour and a half to the camp. Everyone was busy unloading the gear. I tried to stay out of the way.

I decided to go walking along one of the trails. I hadn't gone far when I heard a voice. It was Jake.

"Wait up for me Matt!"

Jake asked if he could join me. I had no problems with Jake walking with me. We got to a split in the trail. One way went up this hill. We huffed and puffed our way to the top. Once we made it, we had to catch our breaths.

"I've got to get back in shape," Jake said to me.

We looked out over the woods for a few minutes. Jake walked over to me and spoke.

"Do you know why I asked to have you come along?"

I told him no. He said he found me attractive. I didn't quite know what to say. Jake said this was his secret. He was gay. I never suspected that of Jake. He came closer and he put his arm around my waist. He pulled me tight into his body and he kissed me. I was shocked to say the least. I never thought about men. I had sex one time with a girl.

Jake forced his tongue into my mouth. For some reason I gave into him. Jake's hands were all over me. He soon had my shirt off and he pulled my pants and underwear off. I was naked except for having my shoes on. I hate to say it but my cock was getting stiff. Jake got undressed as well. I was looking at his long, thick cock dangling between his legs.

It all went so quickly from there. There was a tree that had fallen down. Jake told me to sit on it. He took hold of my ankles and he raised my legs up. I wanted to tell him to stop but I was frozen in place. I saw Jake's cock moving closer to my ass. He rubbed his mushroom across my crack. I felt his hard prick starting to push past my sphincter.

God, did that hurt. 

"Don't fight it Matt," he told me.

I wasn't fighting a thing. I watched as Jake slid his long dick into my bottom. Something must have snapped inside me. It hurt but I also felt some pleasure. Jake was splitting my ass with his hard bone. I gave into my male lover. Once Jake was all the way inside me he began to pound my ass hard.

It was a good thing we were far out into the woods. I was crying out from the ass fucking I was taking.

"God you are tight!" Jake told me. 

He was right about that. My virgin hole was taking cock for the first time. Jake went as hard as he could. I heard his balls slapping against my ass. It did occur to me that Jake wasn't using a rubber. I didn't know what to do about that. His bare cock was starting to feel good buried deep in my hole. I lost it finally.

"Fuck me hard Jake!" I begged him.

Jake smiled and gave me the fucking of a lifetime. In the back of my mind I knew I would let Jake have me again. It might have been a half an hour that Jake fucked my man hole.

"I can't hold it anymore Matt!"

I felt Jake's seed showering my hole. It felt hot and juicy as his load poured into my gut. All I know is that Jake had a lot of cum to give me. He finally slowed down and rested his cock in my bottom.

"That was so intense," he told me.

Jake finally pulled out. My ass felt raw from the fucking I just took. Jake help me to my feet. I started to push out his man seed from my bottom. Jake kissed me again. He said we should probably be heading back. It felt like I had been riding a horse all day.

When we got back everyone asked where we had been. Jake said we climbed the big hill along the trail. We had to rest at the top. No one questioned a thing. That night we played cards and drank beer. My mind was elsewhere. Jake and I looked at each other all night long. I wondered what tomorrow might bring.

As it turned out Jake fucked me one more time. Everyone wanted to walk out in the woods. Jake said I could walk with him. That meant no one else should go with us. We ended up at the same spot on that hill. Everyone else would be too lazy to walk up there. We got undressed again. This time I stood on the ground and bent myself over that tree.

Jake placed his hands on my hips and he rammed me from behind. Maybe I still had some of his cum in me from the previous day. It seemed to go easier this time around. Jake moved his hands from my waist and placed them on my shoulders. He pulled my body back onto his erect cock.

I was loud once again. His fat prick felt like it was splitting my ass in two. Jake told me I was his cock whore. He was going to fuck me whenever he wanted. I would have agreed to anything he said right then. I was addicted to his cock and I had to have it. We went much longer this time around. 

Jake's cock must have been rubbing against my prostate. I was rock hard. To my surprise Jake gave me another good dose of his cream. He went off like a rocket in my ass. I ended up milking him dry a second time. This time, Jake gave me a surprise. He pulled out and had me turn around.

Jake knelt before me and he took my hard cock in his mouth. He wrapped his hands around the back of my thighs and pulled me into him. I must have been deep in Jake's throat. I heard him gag a few times as I pushed my rod into him. I came like mad that day. Jake pushed a finger into my bottom and I couldn't control myself.

I blasted my load of cum down his throat. Jake's head snapped back as he managed to swallow most of my seed.

"God, you were full!" He told me.

Jake stood up finally and he kissed me on the mouth. I tasted my sticky cum for the very first time. I pushed his load out of my ass once more. We walked back to camp. My ass was so sore. I didn't want to sit for long. There was no more man sex that weekend. We packed up our things and made the drive back the next morning.

Jake's family has money. Some weekends he would get a motel room for the two of us. Jake would fuck me but this time in a comfortable bed. I even got to fuck Jake once. He said his ass was aching for a good fucking. Like we always do, I gave Jake my bare cock. He urged me to pound his tight hole as hard as I could. It was the first time I ever came in a man's ass.

I know it is something I want to try again. Jake said it was just this once. Maybe I will need to find another partner for that. I know Jake would be mad if I was with another man. I keep those thoughts to myself. I did finally have sex with another man. He was a friend of my father's. His name was Ron.

Ron would make passes at me when he stopped by our house. He told me to stop over sometime and visit him. Well I gave in once and saw Ron. Ron was somewhat overweight. His cock was on the small side but he was thick. I barely walked into his house and he was all over me. He wanted fucked. He made that clear to me.

That's what I did. I got Ron onto his back. His ass was exposed. Maybe he thought I would use a rubber but I didn't have one. I plunged my stiff cock into Ron and fucked him senseless. I don't think Ron was prepared to get fucked that hard. I was super horny that day. I pounded his hole for a good hour. I shot one stream after another into Ron's gut. 

His body was shaking when we finished. He sort of begged for me to be his lover. I told him no. I said I was afraid of my parents finding out. I could see he wasn't happy but too bad. I just needed to get my nut off.

I made sure Jake never found out about Ron and I. I much prefer to have Jake using my ass with his bare cock.