 I read the sign: "Obdinoha Park 10 miles." Ah, it was good to be back. This would be my second time here. The first time was almost exactly a year ago. Once was enough to make it my favorite place to get away. It was a bit too cold for the masses to be out camping, and although the fishing wasn't great this time of year, I'd prefer the crappy fishing season over the crowds. 

I was very excited, not just because of the park, but because Micah was meeting me there. Micah and I were best friends back in high school, since we were both 16. Now, we're both 20 in our sophomore years in college. We went to different colleges pretty far away from each other. Last year, we decided to meet about half between us and camp at Obdinoha Park and make a long weekend of it, skipping Friday and Monday classes. It's about a 6 hour drive for me, about 5 for him. It was the only time I got to see him since we left for college. Neither of us went back home much, and if we did, our timing was off. He had his summer business internships and I had my summer doctor-shadowing for my pre-med program. We still kept in touch via phone and IM conversations, so that was nice. I missed him, though. I guess at some point we decided to make this a yearly thing. I pulled up to the camp site. I got out of the car and stared at the beautiful scenery. The camp sites are on a hill overlooking the lake, so it's a nice view, but you can't pitch your tent directly next to the lake, though. There is a heavily wooded area separating the camp sites from the lake, with just a small walking trail connecting the two. Luckily, just like last year, we practically had the camp sites to ourselves. 

It was starting to get late. I figured I would set up the tent while I waited for Micah. I was a much bigger camper than Micah, while he was the fisher. The deal was that I brought the camping equipment (minus his sleeping bag), while he brought the fishing equipment. I pulled out the tent from my car and began to set it up. It was a nice-sized family tent that could uncomfortably sleep 5, but comfortably sleep about 3. Luckily, it was just us two, so we'd have plenty of room. 

I had grabbed my sleeping bag and threw it into the erected tent just as I heard Micah's pickup on the gravel road. I turned around as he pulled around the corner out from behind the trees. I walked towards the road as he pulled up next to my car. He barely had time to turn off the engine before he jumped out of his pickup and ran towards me. He gave me a big bear hug, lifting me off of the ground. 

"Hi to you too," I said.

"How's my Ryan doing?" He put me back on the ground. He was never afraid of showing his affection to me as a friend.

"Oh, you know, you know."

"Yeah, well there's only a little more than an hour of sunlight left," he said looking up at the sky. "Let's get in some fishing in while we still can." He ran back out to his pickup and rummaged through his stuff. He grabbed two fishing rods and a mini tackle box out of the bed of the truck. He left everything else in the bed.

"Don't you wanna unload your stuff and put it in the tent? My bag's still in my car, too" I asked.

"No, man, we can do that later. Let's fish!"

"Ok." He handed me a fishing rod, and we trotted down the little trail towards the lake. 

About an hour later, we were still at the lake. It was almost dark, and it was starting to get really cold. We would pack it in within a half-hour or so. Micah had caught a few small fish, but had to throw them back. I didn't even have that much of luck, as usual. 

"So... How you coping, man?" Micah started.

"Well you know how it goes. The long-distance thing was just too hard. Marissa brought it up, but I was thinking the same thing, too. I guess even after two and a half years, our bond just wasn't strong enough." I responded. 

"Well, you're still young. And you've been dating her since high school. You're in your prime... You should check out the other fish in the sea, no pun intended." He always had a different way of viewing things.

"Yeah, I guess," I scoffed. I knew he was right, though. "I'm just worried about getting back in the game, you know. Plus, its not like I can catch a girl's attention like you can." I definitely don't have the best self-esteem. I have classic dark hair and light brown eyes, but I am about 5'7, slightly pudgy, thanks to the freshman 15. Micah, on the other hand, was quite the player. Never had a serious girlfriend, although he is a charmer, and I knew about a few girls he had taken to bed. He was just under 6 feet tall and definitely kept up his physique more than I did. His light brown hair and boyish looks kept him busy with the ladies, that's for sure.

"Well, I'd do ya." He chuckled. Then the awkward silence. How do I respond to something like that? Even though we had been friends for 6 years, he always kept me on my toes. Always some kind of crazy joke out of nowhere.

A loud boom broke the silence. Startled, we both jumped in the air. We turned around and saw the sky. It was the loudest thunderstrike I had heard in a while.

"Where the hell did that come from?" Micah yelled. Apparently, some ominous storm clouds creeped up behind us. The darkening sky had prevented us from seeing the black clouds. We both felt the cold wind drop the temperature several degrees. We looked at each other in shock... Then it happened. A torrential downpour started before we even had time to pack up our stuff. 

"Shit! Grab what you can and leave the rest!" Micah commanded. I grabbed my fishing pole and ran for the trail. Micah was just on my tail. Even the thick cover of the trees over the trail wasn't enough to keep us from getting drenched. As we got closer to the top of the hill, the ground became muddier, bogging us down with every step. Finally we reached the campsite. 

"Shit! My sleeping bag and bag with my clothes were in my truck bed. They're going to be soaked!" 

"Forget about it! Let's just get inside the tent," I yelled over the loud rain and thunder. 

Micah ran up to the tent and started to unzip the door. "Wait!" I shouted. "We're drenched and it's fucking cold out here. We can't go in there all wet or we'll freeze! Take all your clothes off and leave them out here!" We both started to strip in a frenzy. The jackets, the shirts, the muddy shoes, the socks, the pants, and finally the underwear came off and were thrown into a pile outside next to the zip door. Micah crawled into the tent as I saw a bolt of lightening in the sky illuminate up his ass. I crawled in just behind him. 

It was dark in the tent. I hadn't gotten to unload my lamp or my bag with clothes yet. I could only make out Micah's silhouette. We both just sat there naked in silence shivering and chattering our teeth. Finally, I said, "Ok we have to use each other to warm up. We both have to crawl into my sleeping bag." 

Micah didn't say anything. I wasn't sure if he even heard me over the loud rain on the tent. I got up and unrolled my sleeping bag. I unzipped it, and opened it up. I lied partway in it, then I reached out for Micah. I grabbed his arm to pull him in. He complied. I pulled him next to me, and I grabbed the flap of the sleeping bag to cover us. I felt his cold, wet skin shivering on mine. I repositioned us so that we were facing each other, and I wrapped my arms around him, and he did the same. I tried using friction with my hands on his back to warm up him up a bit, hoping he would do the same. Micah just laid there and shivered. 

After a few minutes, I think I may have dozed off. Maybe it was the cold or shock or something. I mustn't have been out for long when I came to. Something must have woken me up. My arms were still around Micah, and his around me. His naked skin was a lot warmer now, and he wasn't as wet. I noticed he had stopped shivering and his breathing had changed. It was much quicker, and very shaky. I felt his warm breath on my neck. I also noticed something else. I felt something rubbing against my pubic hair. Oh my god! Micah had an erection and it was grinding into my pelvis. I didn't know what to do.

"Uhhh... Micah?" No response. I just laid there with my mind racing.

After what seemed like an eternity with his hard-on rubbing against my hip, I felt Micah move slightly. He moved closer to my neck and planted a kiss there. Then he moved back to his original position and said, "I'm sorry." 

Again the awkward silence. We just laid there holding each other, naked, in silence. I felt blood rushing to my penis. I also started getting hard. What was going on? I had never been turned on by a guy before. But then I realized that I never had the opportunity, either, especially being tied up with Marissa for the past few years. Still holding each other, I felt Micah's breath against my neck change once he felt my hard-on poking back. 

"Uh, uh... I don't know what this means..." I said, timidly.

"Me neither. Are you ok with this, though?" Micah responded.

I thought about it for a minute. "Yeah," I said shakily.

I felt Micah's hands move slowly down my back towards my ass. Once they arrived at their destination, he gave a firm squeeze, then pulled my pelvis into his. We both gasped as our firm cocks rubbed up against each other. Micah leaned his head in and pressed his lips against mine. At first, I didn't kiss back, but I quickly gave in, and passionately kissed my best friend. His stubbly facial hair sent my cock to a new level of hardness. He rolled me on my back, and he rolled on top of me. He grinded his hips into me, and it felt amazing. 

We made out for a few more minutes before he broke the kiss. He then slowly made his way further south, gently caressing my neck with his tongue. Then the nipples. Then the belly button. I could feel my cock poking his chin. Then, he moved his head down. I could feel his breath on my slimy cock. He took it into his mouth. Oh god, this was such an amazing feeling. Marissa hated giving me head, so she always half-assed it. I think Micah could've taught her a few things, damn. I chuckled a bit to myself because I figured that he was so good at it that this wasn't his first time. He stopped just in time before I reached the point-of-no-return. He came back up to me and we kissed a little more. 

Now it was his turn. I followed his example, licking his neck, nipples belly button. It was definitely unusual having a slight layer of body hair for my tongue and lips to play with, but I found it highly sexy. I grabbed his solid cock with my hands and held it in front of my face. I could smell his musky scent. I stuck out my tongue and placed it on his slit. I tasted my first taste of precum. Then slowly, I let the head pass between my lips. This definitely was my first time, but I knew what I liked, so I tried to use that as my guide. Having cock in my mouth was amazing. It felt as good as getting sucked. And the fact that I was sharing such pleasure with my best friend made it feel like such an honorable task. 

After a few minutes, he said, "You should stop, or I'll cum." I pulled my head off of his cock. I made my way back up to his face, smiled and gave him another kiss. He looked at me for a few seconds and then said, "You want to?"

I knew exactly what he meant. I was scared, but I wanted to. At this point, I didn't know who would be doing what, but I figured I didn't care and would let him take control. "Yeah, lets do it," I replied.

"Ok" He grabbed me and rolled me over on my back. I knew what was going to happen now. He grabbed my legs and spread them open. He spit on his finger, and rubbed my anus. Oh it felt good. I've never had this kind of stimulation before. He spit on his fingers again, but this time, he stuck a finger in. I flinched. He stopped, but then he started again, slowly working and warming me up. Next was two, then three fingers. It was a weird sensation. It felt good, but I didn't think it was that amazing. I guess he thought I was warmed up enough. He repositioned himself, and I felt his wet knob rub up and down my hole. Then I felt him slowly push in. 

"Ow, ow, ow!" I yelled in pain. 

"Its ok, you just have to get used to it. Do you want me to stop?"

"No, keep going. Just go slow."

He waited a bit for me to adjust, and then he pushed in further. Further, and further, and further. I felt his pubic hair tickle my ass. I knew he was in to the hilt. Then he slowly began pumping. Then faster and faster. I was just getting used to the feeling of him inside me when an electric shock ran up my whole body. Again, again, again, and again. Each time he thrusted, I felt pure ecstasy. I screamed in pleasure. This must be what those gay guys talk about. Oh god, it was amazing. I could feel him tense up, and start to moan. I knew he was about to come. He thrust faster and faster, and then I felt a warm sensation inside me. He was shooting his cum deep into me. That was enough to send me over the edge. I shot my load on my chest, and Micah's thrusts smeared it against his. He collapsed on top of me, his cock still inside me. I ran my hand through his hair as we both caught our breath. Again, there was just silence. Finally, after regaining his strength, he lifted his head up, and kissed me. 

"This is going to be one heck of a camping trip," He said. I just laughed.