 My first time with a man occurred on a camping trip. I grew up on a farm raising crops and livestock. I went camping fairly often usually to hunt and fish so we could have some variety in our family meals. When I started college I knew this would all soon come to an end - the farming, camping, hunting and fishing as a regular routine. 

While taking a break from plowing in the fields one day, the eldest son of the family that owned the farm next to ours, took a break also and joined me at the fence separating our farmlands. As we chatted, I told him I had planned a camping trip that weekend to do some hunting and fishing. I also told him this might be my last free weekend for a while since college was now taking so much of my time. He asked if he could join me, and I agreed, thinking it would be nice to spend some time with a friendly neighbor with whom I had only a casual acquaintance. He was a few years older than me and seemed to share some of the same interests although he was not going to college. 

We got together on Friday afternoon, loaded our gear and hiked into the woods to a campsite near a creek that ran across the back of our adjoining farms. We sat up our tent, fished for a while, cooked and ate our catch, cleaned our camp messkits and utensils. We were going to get to sleep early so we could be ready for an early morning hunt. We stripped to our undershorts and lay in our sleeping bags talking as the campfire burned down. 

Our talk soon turned to sex. At first he was asking me about girls at the college. Then he asked me if I had ever had done anything with another guy. I told him I had not. He told me then, rather abruptly, that he liked to suck cock, and he would suck me off if I didn't mind. I was getting horny from our talk, actually had a stiff boner, and told him I was willing, if he wanted to suck me. 

He crawled out of his sleeping bag, moved over and lay down beside me. I lay there waiting to see what he would do. He felt my erection through my undershorts. This was the first time a man had ever touched me like that, and it felt good. Propped up on one elbow beside me, he put his hand inside my shorts and wrapped his fingers around my cock. That felt really good. He moved his hand up and down on my 5" around, 7 1/2" long rod. Thrills of pleasure ran through my groin as he stroked me. 

My cock throbbed in his hand. I lifted my hips and pulled my shorts down giving him better access. He paused for a moment and pulled my shorts all the way down and off my legs. He cupped my balls in my hairy sack and fondled them gently. My cock bounced up and down tingling, and the feeling spread over my flushed body. He leaned over me and kissed my neck, sliding his hand up and down on my shaft again. He planted wet, warm kisses on the front of my shoulders, my stiff nipples, down my hairy chest, further down over my stomach. 

I squirmed and moaned, telling him how good that felt. He glanced up at me as I watched him. He kissed and tongued my navel. Then he held my shaft in his hand and kissed the mushroom crown of my throbbing meat. I moaned again, wriggled and lifted my hips. He licked all around the head of my cock tickling the circumcision ridge separating the head from my shaft. He squeezed my shaft milking out a stream of clear precum. He licked it off my knob flicking his tongue through my pee slit. 

I moaned yet again, wriggling and flexing my hips up to meet his lips as he closed them over the head of my cock. His warm, wet mouth felt so good on me, his spit mingling with my now steadily oozing precum. Slowly he slid my cock deeper into his mouth, inch by inch, cupping my balls again and caressing them.

Holding my sack in his palm and ringing the base of my shaft with his thumb and forefinger, he went deeper and deeper on me until the head of my cock was at his throat and his lips touched his thumb and finger. Sucking, he drew his mouth up my shaft slowly until only the head remained between his lips. Nursing me with his lips he went back down on me all the way. His saliva coated my rod, and the mixture of his spit and my precum dripped onto my lower belly matting my pubic hairs. 

He set up a steady rhythm moving his mouth up and down on me, sucking and slobbering all over my cock, balls and pubes. Massaging my balls now with one hand and feeling my nipples, chest and stomach with his other hand he moved up and down, up and down, up and down. I humped my hips in time with his motion feeling the cum surging in my balls. Ready to shoot, I told him I was going to cum. He kept moving, sucking, slurping, working his tongue around on me as I started cumming in his mouth. 

One, two, three, four, five wads of my thick cum flooded his mouth. He kept moving his head up and down, sucking and swallowing my jism as my cock jerked in his mouth, finally running the watery clear stream at the end of the most glorious orgasm I had ever experienced. My load was so thick he couldn't swallow all of it. The overflow spilled out the corners of his mouth onto my heaving lower belly, sliming my hairs and slick cock. He kept sucking me until the tingling was so strong I couldn't stand it any more. 

Breathing heavily, flushed all over my body, I touched his head and told him I couldn't take it any longer. That felt so good I told him. I want to suck you now. I want to do you like you have done me. He looked at me, licked his lips, let me see the last of my jizz in his mouth before he swallowed it. You don't have to suck me unless you want to he said. I do want to suck you I told him. I want your cock now I said reaching for him.