 I had a wedding of a friend to attend and needed a new suit for the occasion. This was Thursday afternoon and the wedding was tomorrow! Although leaving it late, I was sure I would get a suit off the rack as my size is fairly average. Traffic in the city was heavy and time was tight getting to the shop before closing, but I arrived at 5.20 with ten minutes to spare and ran upstairs to the suit racks.

As I was looking through the racks a voice from behind said "I'm afraid we close at 5.30 sir, and it takes 30 minutes for a proper fitting."

"I need a suit for a wedding tomorrow, I'll be out of here in 5 minutes," I replied.

"We can't have you going to a wedding without a proper fitting," he sighed. "I'm locking up tonight, I'll stay back after closing to ensure your suit fits properly."

"I really appreciate that, I'm sorry to put you out," I uttered.

"No problem sir, browse through the racks and I'll be back shortly once I've locked up."

Ten minutes later I found a light gray suit in my size and pulled it from the rack.

"Ah, I see you've found a suit sir, follow me to the changing booth and we'll see how it fits?"

"No need to call me sir please call me David," I replied.

"As you wish David, my name is Greg," he smiled.

I followed Greg to the booth admiring his tight ass from behind. Once in the booth Greg closed the curtain behind me. I kicked off my shoes and removed my jeans, leaving my shirt on. I pulled on the suit pants and zipped them up before slipping the jacket on. Opening the curtain I presented myself to Greg for approval.

"The color suits you fine and the jacket fits well," he exclaimed as his hands felt around my shoulders. "Extend your hands out front for me please," he asked as he felt around the cuffs. "The jacket is a good fit, let me hang it up for you and we'll check the pants."

I let the jacket slide off my arms and Greg put it on the hanger, placing it in the booth. He returned to face me looking at the pants.

"Waist fit seems fine," he assessed as his fingers slipped around the waistband of the pants. "But the pants are a little short in the leg, can you take them off and I'll measure your inside leg."

I slipped the catch open and unzipped the pants, removing them, I stood in front of Greg in just a shirt, socks and my black satin bikini briefs. Greg's eyes stared at my bulging bikini as he kneeled in front of me tape measure in hand. His hand lightly touched my left ball as he measured my inside leg.

"33 long." he uttered as he measured my other leg again brushing against my sack.

"Thought I was 6 average." I joked.

He got to his feet and walked away to the rack where I'd selected the suit. I found it erotic being locked in a shop my bulging bikini in full view to a handsome stranger, and the more my mind thought of the situation my cock began to stiffen. By the time Greg was on his way back with another pair of pants, I was showing plenty wood and knew my cock head would be semi transparent in my thin stretched bikini. I'm sure this hadn't gone unnoticed to Greg as again his gaze was fixed on my groin.

"Try this pair for size, they are the same color as the first," he instructed.

I pulled the pants on making sure my balls hung over the open parted fly as I slid them over my ass. I popped my balls inside and closed the waistband clasp my bulge protruding through the open fly. I was teasing Greg without a word being spoken. I stuffed my cock in and pulled the zip over my now hard cock and the pants felt a little tight. Greg stepped forward and again his fingertips felt around the waistband but this time Greg's fingers also brushed along my satin bikini waistband as well.

Greg took a step back to assess and spoke, "The pants fit well at the waist and the length is perfect too, but your bulge is making them look a little tight, we need to get rid of that.to assess properly." as he said this he reached out with his hand and gave my bulge a squeeze.

I looked down at Greg's pants for the first time and noted a growing bulge. I now knew he was horny as well and decided to test his resolve.

"I'll open the fly to release the pressure, maybe it's better I just take them off," I offered.

Before Greg could reply I had the pants around my ankles and slipped them off completely.

"Nice briefs, do you mind if I feel the quality?" Greg asked.

"I don't mind at all, they are Italian, I get them at Macy's."

Greg reached out and ran his right hand over my ass cheeks, the thin silky material giving little resistance.

"If you think my ass feels good in them you should feel the pouch!" i instructed.

Greg hesitated a moment, then slid his hand around my left waist and cupped my balls before sliding his fingers up my shaft to the cock head and back to my balls.

"These briefs feel nice to touch, do you want me to jerk you off?" Greg smiled, as he continued sliding his fingers up and down my bulge.

"That would be the quickest way to get me soft enough to fit back into the pants." I reasoned.

Greg's fingers slid back up to the tip of my cock, but this time wrapped his fingers around the shaft and started to slowly tug on it. I could feel my precum dampen the front of my bikini and so had Greg as his thumb circled around the tip. Looking down I saw Greg's cock throb under his pants. I reached out for his zip and slowly pulled it over and down his bulge. All the while my cock was being slowly and expertly jerked off.

My fingers slid their way into Greg's open fly and found his cock encased in nylon mesh. His cock felt good as my fingers slid over the fine mesh paying particular attention to the moist head.

"I love the feel of your mesh briefs, the material is much finer than mine." I remarked as my fingers undid the clasp of his pants.

As his pants slid to the floor Greg said "They're not briefs."

I looked down to see Greg stood in tan pantyhose, "Mmmm I love wearing pantyhose too," I smiled.

"I'd be lying to say I don't wear them for the way the feel on my cock, but that's the second reason. I'm on my feet all day for 9 hours and these support pantyhose help keep away varicose veins, a condition that runs in my family."

"They look good on you, what does your girlfriend think about them?" I asked as my fingers continued feeling his fine mesh covered cock.

"My last boyfriend loved them, so much so, we both wore them around the house at night!"

"I know how good they feel. I have a tan pair and a smokey gray pair at home. I got them at a birthday party and wear them often, but that's another story!" I smirked.as I knelt at Greg's feet to remove his pants and had a quick lick of his hard knob.

Greg walked over to his desk and rummaged through a bag he had below it. He returned with another pair of tan pantyhose dangling from his hand.

"I always carry a spare pair of hose and would very much like to see you in them," he requested.

Greg hooked his finger into the front of my waistband and pulled down my damp bikini to mid thigh as he handed me the pantyhose. I sat down in the booth and slid my bikini to my ankles removing them along with my socks. My cock throbbed as Greg stripped to just his pantyhose in front of me and was slowly jerking his stiff cock. I had my feet in the hose and slid them up my thighs and over my ass and cock.

"Mmmm, your dick looks good in my pantyhose!" Greg croaked as he reached out and started to jerk my cock.

As Greg jerked my cock he got down on his knees, leaned forward and started to lick my left ball, then the right before sucking my left ball into his mouth and rolling his tongue around it. I wasn't going to last long with all the activity on my cock and the feel of the fine mesh sliding over my cock head.

I felt my cum rising and warned Greg "I'm close, I'm going to shoot a load!"

He pulled down the front of the pantyhose and tucked them under my balls, his lips slipped over my cock head and he began to suck me slow and hard.

"Ohh fuck, yessss!" I cried, as my balls emptied their juice into Greg's willing mouth.

I was on fire and needed Greg's cock in my mouth!

"Stand up," I ordered. "Your cock needs attention!"

As Greg stood up I sank to my knees and quickly ran my lips down the length of his nylon covered shaft.

"Ahh yeah, that feels so good, it's been weeks since I last had my pantyhosed dick sucked!"

I didn't look up or answer Greg's exclamation, I just kept sucking deeply on his cock while my hands roamed over his silky ass. My finger found his hole and I rubbed the nylon up and down. I felt his cock swell in my mouth and as I pushed the nylon into his hole he exploded into his pantyhose the semen oozing through the mesh.

"Fuck! that was good, I needed that," Greg cried as I knelt back and looked at the white sticky mess I had caused to Greg's hose.

"Man you're good at sucking cock! I normally take twice as long as that to cum!" he exclaimed.

"You're not so bad yourself, I love being blown while I wear pantyhose."

Greg looked down at my still hard cock, pantyhose still tucked under my balls. 

"Want to go again?" he asked as he reached out and pulled the tan hose from under my balls and over my stiff cock.

Without waiting for a reply Greg was kneeling in front of me licking my twitching knob, Man, was I glad I arrived late for the suit. Greg's tongue licked up and down my shaft, each time slipping his lips over the head on each stroke. I hadn't had that before and it felt great. I felt his hands slide all over my ass and probe at my hole as I had done to him earlier. For me there is nothing better than being blown through pantyhose, it just does it for me every time and Greg was as good as it gets. My balls tightened for a second time as my cum rose again, I didn't warn Greg as he knew my swollen dick was about to release another load. My jiz oozed through the mesh but not as much as before as he swallowed down my cream and cleaned up my knob.

"Oh my, we'll have to stop there I'm afraid," Greg said glancing at his watch. "It's almost 6.30, that's when security begin, we'd better get dressed quickly. 

I slipped the panthose off and handed them to Greg "You had better wear this pair, you cleaned them up real good and your pair look a mess. Sorry about that."

Greg sat in the booth and slipped off the soiled hose replacing them with the pair I had worn. As he pulled the hose over his flacid dick it still looked a good six inches. We dressed quickly and headed to the till to ring the sale through.

"Special discount on that suit today sir, yours for $250, normally $399."

"Thank you Greg, that will leave more drinking money for tomorrow."

Greg thought for a moment then said "I'm having a pantyhose party next Saturday, there was going to be nine of us, but I was wondering if you would like to make it ten?"

"Sure, I'm doing nothing, I'd love to come."

"As the party name suggests, all the guests require to undress and wear pantyhose only, anyone with a hard cock is normally pleasured by someone quite quickly. Each person wears a masquerade mask and is named by the color of their pantyhose, for instance I am always Mt Tan.

"Cool, if you don't have a Mr Gray, then that will be me!"

Greg pulled a piece of paper from his bag and talked down the list "Let me see, we have Mr black, white, blue, yellow, purple, red, mink, nude and tan, but no Gray. So see you at 8 next Saturday. Enjoy your wedding."

"Thank you I'm sure I will, see you next Saturday" I replied.

As i walked down the stairs I met the security guard on the way up. "Late tonight sir," he said.

"Yes I had a special fitting! Would you be so kind as to unlock the door for me and let me out?"

"No problem sir," he replied as he followed me to the door.

I hoped the smell of sex had left the room when he got back up, but to be honest I didn't much care. I was looking forward to tomorrows wedding, but my mind was more occupied by next Saturday and Greg's pantyhose party!