 The building had obviously been repurposed several times in its life, and every time it was done it appears to have been done on the cheap. It looks like there might have been no plan to start with and every stage was an afterthought (Hey, why don't we...). The building might have started as a mechanic's garage. It had a flat roof so it was some kind of commercial building. It was on the edge of residential property that was older and, not dilapidated, but well worn. It was at the end of the neighborhood so that houses on the street were next to it on one side of the building and the other side of the building was a major local highway with traffic passing by to some destination other than here. 

The building was a made of cinder block that had been painted several times, though not anytime recently. All of the layers of paint were worn and blistered and it would be possible for some individual with nothing better to do to count the layers. The last painting was two-tone with light blue on the bottom and then at the height of five feet the paint was white. There was an aluminum storefront window facing the residential street that had been installed during some iteration before this one. 

The parking lot had the same afterthought design as the building. Parts of the lot were asphalt and parts were gravel. The entire lot was filled with potholes. Every part of the building and the lot appeared to be in its last dying stage, yet there were always six or eight cars there and a constant slow flow of cars in and out of the lot. Volumes of cars passed this building with one or two slowing to enter.

The most recent paint on the building was entirely handcrafted and explained the purpose. "Adult Novelties", "lingerie", "videos", and "books" were all hand painted on the highway side of the building. "Movie Arcade" was also painted on the side of the building. If you parked in front of the building, you could not see in through the glass. It was entirely papered over and a large sign by the door said no one under the age of 21, Have your ID ready. All of the other advertisements were also spread on the glass.

When I walked in the door I could see to my left the racks and shelves that held all of the stock in trade. There were magazines, DVDs, dildos of all types, fetish gear, BDSM gear, male and female sex dolls. To the right of me there were only items on the wall and then the counter started and went down one side of the wall. There was a counter with heavy glass to the ceiling, and shelves behind the counter with different items. Different items were lined on the counter behind the glass and items were taped to the glass for display. Half way down the counter was the clerk who sat behind an opening in the glass that was a rotating door for passing money in, and receiving items out. Through a door at the back left of the room were two sections of video booths. I don't think I ever bought anything other than tokens.

I came for the video booths and usually by the time I pulled in the parking lot, hit a few potholes and looked at the crappy paint on the building, my cock was getting hard. I thought about cocks I had already sucked here and I wondered if any would be here today. I've had some cocks that I had sucked before that would go right into the booth as soon as they saw me go in. Lots of times there were just people standing outside of booths and they never went in. Sometimes I could get one of them to go to a booth and poke their cock through the gloryhole. Sometimes I would just pick a booth and drop a bunch of tokens in and then fall to my knees at the gloryhole. I would wait, and the anticipation of some stranger's dick coming through that hole in the wall would keep me excited and patiently waiting.

Some adult stores don't have doors on the booths. If I'm in a store like that I play gay movies for others to see, but in a store like this one that has doors and latches, I always like to watch women sucking cock and eating cum. Most women don't suck as well as a man but in the movies they are more attractive than a man sucking a cock. Personal preference, I suppose. On days that I would go in and fall to my knees in front of the gloryhole, I would also leave the door unlatched so anyone walking into the other booth, or my booth would know why I was there and there would have to be no guessing.

Today I walked into a booth and went straight to my knees and I saw someone was already in the next booth with his beautiful dick in his hands fully engorged. As soon as he heard the movie start in my booth and he saw my head through the gloryhole, he turned straight toward me and started teasing me with his cock. He stroked it so sensuously and ran his finger around the corona. His finger ran over the precum leaking out and massaged the frenulum. Ever so gently he massaged that now damp sensitive skin and the head of this stranger's cock pumped up more than it already was. He could see my glazed eyes through the gloryhole watching every move he made and he just continued. My look told him I wanted to suck his cock but he kept teasing. Was he going to make me verbally beg him to let me worship his cock?

My mouth was drooling. I had a habit of pretending my saliva was cum dripping out of my mouth when I was alone and stroking my cock. Right now I was so mesmerized by this teasing stranger on the other side of the wall that saliva was building in my mouth and leaking out the corner of my mouth. I put my fingers through that hole in the wall and gave a pleading look with my eyes. The corners of the torturers mouth turned up as he stood there continuing to run his hand over the parts of his dick that I was craving to caress with my wet lips and tongue. 

This man was not shy when he began to speak clearly above a whisper that anyone outside the booth could hear.

"Would you like to suck my cock and eat my cum?"

I shook my head yes and begged with my eyes and my fingers that were in the gloryhole.

"You need to ask me for this cock to fuck your mouth."

"Let me have your cock," I whispered.

The man was coming closer to the hole although he was not close enough for me to feel that rigid cock with soft skin. I couldn't believe my anticipation. The stranger took as much joy from teasing me as I could give him if he would let me put that cock in my mouth.

"You need to ask me for this cock so that I can clearly hear you if you really want it."

I couldn't believe it when I heard my voice at conversational volume say, "Please let me have your cock in my mouth." That's when this cock with two clearly defined balls hanging in his sack came close to the hole. I wanted to hold those balls in my mouth as I fondled the base of his shaft with my hand.

"Can you see my dick? Do you know what to do with it if I put it in your mouth?"

"Yes. Please?"

Certainly, all of this conversation could be heard outside of our booths above all of the moaning and screaming from the different videos that could be heard throughout the hall. I had never spoken so clearly in any video arcade because most people want some discretion and privacy. All I was aware of was this perfectly formed cut cock coming through this hole to my greedy waiting mouth.

This stranger was still teasing me with only the head of his dick sticking through the gloryhole. Was he going to withdraw and make me ask some more? Or was he going to continue teasing as I pressed my face tight against the wall and tried to suck his cock through the hole and deeper into my mouth? I could smell the cocks that left their scent on the wall as they had pressed against the wall and through the hole. My chin was pressed against the cum-stained wall and it all made my cock throb as it was constrained by my pants. 

Finally, this dick came further through the hole and into my already well lubricated mouth. He slid his dick slowly into my mouth all the way to the base and held it there for a moment. Even though he entered slowly, it took me by surprise going the full length of his thick shaft and I made a little cough.

"Worship my cock you cocksucker." He withdrew his cock and I pulled my head back so I could see what he was doing. He stroked his cock and then put it back to the hole and pumped the hole letting his cock glide in and out on the bottom of the hole. He then shoved his cock all the way into the hole and I took it into my mouth balls deep.

I pulled my head back and started tenderly mouthing the head with my lips. I ran my tongue around the corona and tongued the frenulum, then played with the pee hole with my tongue and tasted the precum that had been leaking out. After I had worked the head like this for several minutes I worked down each side of the shaft. I slid my lips down the bottom side of the shaft and then I worked the slight depression that ran up each side of the shaft with my tongue. And then I worked the top of this rigid man meat from the base up to the head, and I enveloped the head with my mouth and moved my head down until the fully engorged cock was fully in my mouth. 

"Let me come over to your side." He said.

This cock had me so worked up that I would have done anything to keep pleasuring this cock.

"OK."

A moment later he was in my booth with his pants unzipped and his dick in my mouth. He gave verbal signs of approval with every move I made, and as before it was audible to others. 

"I have been trying to train my wife to do this, but there is so much she doesn't get."

I could say nothing with this cock in my mouth, I could only shake my head. Then he grabbed me by my ears and pulled his dick out of my mouth. He turned my head up so that I could see his face and look him in the eyes.

"Can I record this for my wife so that she will know what I'm talking about? You're just a perfect cocksucker."

He had already made me so amenable by teasing and taunting me with his cock, that even though my brain said no, my head shook yes.

"OK." His phone came out and from that moment I was at his command.

"Now, start just like you did when I put my cock through the hole."

I put my wet lips on the head and took it in just to the edge and then I extended my tongue beyond my lips to run around the edge of the corona and where the plump edge fell off to the shaft.

"That's it. Fuck the head of my cock with your mouth."

I started to take in a little more and he grabbed my ear and stopped me. 

"NO. Just the head. I'll tell you when I want more. Just keep working that head till it's so plump it fills your mouth. Do it pretty for the camera."

After minutes of this he instructed me to start working the shaft all around to get it well lubricated.

"I'm going to go deep soon and I want a nice slow mouth job."

He did ever so slowly and easily pump his hard dick in and out of my mouth. This cock was not quite seven inches long, but it was so fat for its length that he couldn't get it to my throat without making me grunt.

"Ummh...ummh...ummh." Slow and rhythmic and loud enough for others to hear. He enjoyed making my position clear to anyone within earshot. I had no way of being discreet with my sounds, but I didn't care. I had been teased into complete submission to this cock. He told me every move he was going to make and what he wanted me to do as though he were directing a movie. Oh yeh, he is making a movie.

I'm going to pull my dick out of your mouth. I'm going to lay some cum on your tongue. Don't lick or touch my cock. I'm just going to empty my cock on your tongue. Enjoy the feel and taste because after my dick calms down I'm going to push my cum down your throat. I'm going to hold my dick as deep in your throat as I can get it.

After this I thought we were done and I would clean up the leftovers. I didn't know that this stranger was multi-orgasmic. No wonder he had trouble training his wife to do this. Only a real cocksucker could appreciate this. He guided my head into a position to suck his balls and nibble on his groin at the base of his shaft and balls. He directed my happy mouth around his balls and pelvis until his half limp fatty cock began to swell again.

"Oh yes, you're doing just the right thing. What a pretty little cocksucker you are." I tried to imagine myself as his wife and act the way he would like for her to act. I put on a display that I hope would be educational and show what a joy it is to release the built up tension in a cock that would happily shoot out of a contented cock.

"You're warmed up now. I want to fuck your throat. Would you like that?"

"Yes, Please." I noticed that this all made his cock get more rigid like it had been at first. I hope his wife had stamina to match his. Upon hearing my submissive answer he grabbed my head from behind and shoved his stiff member into my mouth all the way down my throat. The spewing and gagging made it impossible for someone to ignore what was going on. I imagined there was an audience outside of the booth that was listening to the blow-by-blow commentary and the vivid sounds of a mouth getting joyfully fucked. 

"I'm going to cum full throat now. Would you like that?"

An extremely muffled attempt at "yes, please" and an affirmative shake of my head told him I would be happy to feel his cum hit the back of my throat. I would surely enjoy the feel of too much cum seeping down my chin. When he pulled his dick out he placed my face under his balls and his softening cock. He pushed my face into his groin and pushed his balls into my mouth. All the while he was stroking his cock. 

He was getting ready for another round. What was his plan? This was all more than I'd hoped for when I walked into this booth a while ago. I wouldn't have to suck another cock today. There would be so much cum still in my mouth by the time I got home I could lube my own cock with it.

He kept stroking and then pushing my face around nudging his balls and groin. He kept putting his balls in my mouth. As his cock continued to enlarge I wondered how his joy would shoot out on me.

"Unbutton your shirt!" Oh good. I loved to have cum sprayed on my body. By the time I got home it would be dry and I could play with it and eat it as I pulled it off of my body.

"Open your mouth!" I hoped he wasn't going to shoot in my mouth. I was already planning my own cum party at home. He slid his cock in and out several times then pulled out and started stroking again. He was just getting his cock lubricated. He stroked as he pulled my shirt open wide with his cock and he rubbed his cock on my chest. He stroked some more and rubbed the head of his dick on my nipples. Before long he started to shoot cum on my chest. He pushed the head of his cock against each nipple and the spurt sprayed out under the pressure. He stood back and shot cum all over my chest. I had only dreamed of this much cum when I saw it in the movies.

After he finished, he pushed his cock in my mouth to clean all of the excess. He stuck his fingers in my mouth to lick the cum on his hands. I was happy to do all of this and every bit of this he was capturing on his phone. He would definitely have a happy cocksucker to show his wife. Soon his pants were zipped and he was out the door and I was left kneeling cum-covered on the floor and the booth door wide open.