 After that night with Kevin, we never spoke about it again.  Although, whenever we were with each other, I couldn’t help but want him again.  All I could think about was that evening in his basement where I had the greatest sexual experience of my life.  I wasn’t sure how to tell him about it or if I should tell him about it.  The feelings wouldn’t subside and I finally decided to tell him how I felt.  However, before I could tell him how I felt, he made the first move.

It was a cold and rainy Saturday afternoon and I was relaxing at my computer playing some video games when the phone rang.  It was Kevin.  When I heard his voice, I knew that I had to tell him and my heart was right in my throat.  He was telling me about work and school but, to be honest, I wasn’t listening. I was about to interrupt him when he said:

“I can’t stop thinking about that night we were together.  I’ve been fantasizing about it ever since and I want you again.  How do you feel?”  Kevin asked eagerly.

“Kevin, I feel the same way and I no longer want you.  I need you.  I need to feel you all over me and I need it now.”  

There was silence on the other end for ten seconds or so.  I wasn’t sure if he hung up or not.  When I was about to ask whether he was there or not, he said that he was coming over and before I could respond, he hung up.

I was living in an apartment at the time and my family wasn’t home and they wouldn’t be home for a while which was a good thing.  I started pacing and thinking about what may happen.  I knew it would take him at least twenty minutes for him to arrive so I jumped in the shower.  I got out and as I was putting on my clothes, there was a knock at the door.  I was in a t-shirt and jeans when I answered the door.  

Kevin walked in and closed the door slowly.  He turned, looked at me for a moment, and then walked towards me.  I thought he was going to kick my ass but he embraced me and kissed me.  I could feel his tongue slowly going into my mouth and his hands squeezing my ass gently.  I did the same to him and I could feel his hard cock up against mine.  I took my hands and ran them down his back and I could feel his hot body up against mine.  I didn’t want to let him go but I wanted more so I let my arms fall to the side of my body.  He read my mind and did the same.

We walked to my room where my single bed was waiting.  I asked him to lie down for me.  I unbuttoned his jeans and pulled down the zipper.  I could feel his rock of a penis beneath his denim.  I wanted to taste his cock again and I was going to have it.  I took his pants off along with his underwear and placed them on the floor.  His cock was full of precum and before he could do anything, I grabbed it and put the head in my mouth.

He moaned loudly and I put all of his 7” in my mouth.  I started stroking him slowly with my right hand while fondling his sack with my left.  Kevin took his hands and ran them through my hair as I was stroking and sucking his stiff rod.  I took my mouth off it and ran my tongue around the tip still playing with his balls.  I looked at him and he smiled.  I went back down to suck on his cock.  His manhood is so smooth and I love the feeling of it in my mouth.  I removed my left hand from his sack and slowly slid a finger in his ass.  He started moaning like I’ve never heard him moan before.  He knew how it felt and he loathed more of it.  I placed another finger in his ass and he started to gasp.  I loved the feeling of his cock in my mouth while I fingered him.  I knew he was going to blow his load soon if I didn’t stop so I slowly slid my fingers out of his bunghole and stopped sucking his cock.  He was shaking and breathing heavily.

I stood up and took off my shirt, pants, and underwear.  My cock was finally free and all I wanted was for Kevin to touch it.  He got up and took off his shirt as well.  We stood there, admiring each other, when he reached down and ran his hands down my shaft.  With his other hand, he reached and played with my sack.  He was kissing me with so much passion, I thought I was going to melt.

He got down on his knees and sucked on my balls.  He took them in his mouth one at a time all the while stroking my stiff penis.  I thought I was going to fall over when I could feel his hand replace his mouth on my sack.  He took my cock and slid it all the way in his mouth.  I could feel it hit the back of his throat and I thought I was going to cum right then and there.  He started fucking my cock with his mouth.  He going back and forth with so much force, I thought my cock may go right through the back of his throat.  

He took his hand off my balls and put it right underneath me and reached up.  I knew what he had in mind and I had to help him out.  I moved closer to him so he could finger my tight ass.  I had never had a finger inside me prior to this and when he slid it in, I nearly died with ecstasy.  

Kevin took his mouth off my cock but had his finger inside me.  He looked up at me and smiled again.  I smiled back and looked up towards my ceiling.  I could feel his finger going deeper and deeper inside me.  I asked him to take it out because after feeling that, I needed to feel his thick, hard cock thrusting me.  

I turned around and bent over placing my hands on the edge of the bed.  I wanted to feel all of him inside me.  I needed to feel him fill my ass with his seed.  God, I wanted it so bad.

Kevin was right behind me and I could feel the tip of his penis pressing against my hole.  Before I knew it, he was inside me.  I screamed and I thought I was going to pass out from the pain, but shortly thereafter, it went away.  He slowly started penetrating me while he reached around with his right hand and stroked my cock.  

“Fuck me, Kevin!!!”  I yelled at him.

He didn’t need to be told twice.  He started fucking me with all of his might.  I could feel his balls hitting me and I was moaning and screaming with pleasure.  He leaned forward and started nibbling on my earlobes.  

“I want you to fill my ass with your cum!!!”  I screamed.

He stopped nibbling on me and stood upright.  He started smacking my ass while he was fucking me.  I knew at that point, I was his bitch, I loved it, and I was going to let him know it.

“I’m your bitch, Kevin.  Fill me NOW!!!”

I could feel his cock pulse and then I felt him explode deep inside me.  His cum was deep up my ass and I could feel it leaking out a bit down my balls.  He pulled out his softening rod and at that point, I felt his cum start to come out of my ass.  I loved it!

I stood up, turned around, and saw a sweaty Kevin just looking at me.  Before I could say anything he got on his knees again and sucked my cock.  

He stroked it twice while it was in his mouth when I screamed:

“OOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHH!!  Kevin, I’m going to cum!!!”

He took it out of his mouth and let my seed go all over his face and chest.  I got down on my knees and kissed him with my cum all over him.  

We both got up and he went to the bathroom.  I sat down on my bed and lit a smoke.  I had to lie down while having it so I could feel some more of his cum flow out of his ass.

I was already thinking about our next time.

To be continued……….