 After that rainy Saturday afternoon, I started to believe that I was bi-sexual. I had felt a hard cock in my ass and I loved it. It was the second time I had sucked him off and I ached for it again. There was not a moment that went by where I did not think about tasting him. I wanted it and, more importantly, I needed it. Was I bi-sexual? I was not sure but I wanted one more time to see if I really was. I could not wait to see him again and have the 'rubber match' to see if it was for real.

The following Saturday, I called Kevin and I could feel my heart beating while the phone ringing. When he answered it, I thought I was going to faint. We said our hello's and things got easier. We chatted about everything with the exception of last Saturday's event. Finally, I could not contain myself anymore. I told him that I wanted him again and I wanted him that day. He said he was busy during the day but at night, he was available. We decided to hook up at 8:00 p.m.

At 8:00, he called me up and let me know he was outside. I let him in and I started to have a cold sweat. I knew I wanted him and I could not wait to have him again.

The knock at the door came and when I opened it, he was standing there with a huge smile on his face. He walked in, shut the door, and we kissed each other passionately. We grabbed each other's asses. I could feel his rod through his jeans. While I was grabbing his ass and kissing those beautiful lips, I realized that I needed to have him inside me again.

I undid my pants while he was undoing his. We pulled off our underwear so we could touch our cocks. He was soaking of pre-cum and I could not wait to have him in my mouth and ass. I started stroking him and he let out a moan. I stroked harder and quicker until I could not take it anymore. 

I got on my knees and sucked that 7" cock. I put the whole thing in my mouth and sucked it as hard as I could. He started to thrust his hips into me. I pulled off him and told him to fuck my face.

He did NOT need to be asked twice.

Kevin started ramming my mouth. I could feel his cock hitting the back of my throat. I thought I was going to gag but I was able to get his rhythm. I could feel my eyes starting to water but I did not care. He was fucking my face and I loved it. His balls were slapping against my chin so I reached up and massaged them. I could feel his cock start to twitch so I slowly released and pulled off him. He knew what I wanted.

I bent over the arm of the couch so he could have my ass again. He started licking my hole and I moaned with delight. I could feel his tongue licking me while he massaged my sack with his hand. I was so horny and he knew it so he decided to give it to me.

He slid the tip of his rod into me and I laughed. I loved being his bitch and he knew it. The pace got faster a lot quicker this time. He started fucking me and smacking my ass. I could feel his balls like I did before and it felt as if his cock was made to be inside me. While he was sliding in and out of me, I could feel myself feeling like I was going to cum. I told him to speed up and I knew he was hitting that special spot inside my bunghole. 

My cock exploded with cum all over the couch while he was fucking me. Kevin reached around and stroked me off to get the rest of it out but I knew he cleaned me out. However, I wanted him to fill me up.

"KEVIN, FUCK MY ASS LIKE THE BITCH THAT I AM!!!!"

I started to scream. He had never fucked me like that before and I was in pain but it was still pleasurable. His cock started to pulse and he blew his HUGE load deep inside my ass. I could feel it trickle out and down my leg. Slowly, he pulled out of me and most of it came out right after. 

We stood up and kissed. He walked to washroom to get cleaned up while I stood there feeling his hot, sticky cum all over my ass and legs. When he was done, he got dressed and I went to the bathroom. When I came out, he was gone. He left me a note telling me that he had to run but he told me to call him.

The following weekend, I called him up but his cell phone was disconnected. I tried his home and his mom told me that he moved to Montreal. She did not have a number where I could get in touch with him. I left my number for her to give him………..

This happened 5 years ago and I have still not yet heard back from him. I have not had another gay experience. I do realize that I am bi-sexual, however, I am still in the closet. I wish that I would have another one and maybe one day it will. Until next time…….