 Gage's POV

The sun slipped in between the blinds and played across Devin's face, shadows and light dancing, searching for a place to settle. I had been awake for a little while now but when my eyes had first fluttered open, I had been so overwhelmed at the beautiful man sleeping peacefully next to me, I gasped. My heart sped up as I remembered the intimate night we had shared and I reveled in the feeling of Devin's arms wrapped around me. A sigh escaped my lips and I snuggled in a little closer, letting my head rest on Devin's chest. 

Soon though, I found himself on my side, my head propped up on my elbow, one arm draped across Devin's torso, as I watched his shallow breathing. With each breath, Devin's chest rose just a little closer to my face and I fought the urge to snake my tongue out and taste one of those sexy little nipples that called out to me. Then Devin's chest would fall, the opportunity missed, and frustration would build up inside. Of course, then he breathed in again and the entire torturous display would start over. If Devin didn't wake soon, I may take things into my own hands. 

I gazed at Devin's lips and felt a blush creep across my face and down my neck, warming my skin. I was surprised at feeling so shy after I had so openly given my heart to Devin just hours before. Last night had been perfect. Absolutely perfect. 

After months of hiding my attraction to my roommate, I had been shocked to find out Devin was not only gay, but was in love with me! I could still feel the heat on my lips from Devin's kisses and smiled as I traced my lips with my index finger, remembering the tingling sensations from last night. 

The night had been everything I had ever dreamed of and more. Devin and I had explored each other's bodies; free at last to show our feelings in new and exciting ways. In the cloak of darkness, we opened our hearts and poured out our desires, our dreams and wishes for the future. Our whispered words to each other were full of promise and love. 

I sighed. The night had been beautiful and romantic. And waking up in Devin's arms only added to the experience. I snuggled closer again and pressed my head to Devin's chest, listening to his heart beat, as I twirled my fingers through the mass of curly hair covering his incredibly sexy chest. 

Devin trembled at my touch and I tilted my head to look up at his face. I found myself looking into beautiful pools of chocolate silk, half hidden under heavy-lidded eyes. He slid his arms around me and pulled me to his chest, bringing our lips together in a sweet, lazy kiss. Devin's lips were soft and gentle and I sunk into the kiss as I felt his hands slide up the back of my head, raking my hair as he pulled me in a little closer. The heat from his touch zinged through my body and I shuddered as our chests slid against each other, creating a delicious friction that was beginning to ramp up the sensations pulsing through my body. 

I pulled back a little, not wanting to lose control, and smiled when Devin groaned. 

"No, baby, come back," Devin whispered, pleading.

"We have to get up," I reminded him. "You have a meeting with your coach in 45 minutes."

Devin glanced at the alarm clock and sighed, knowing I was right. 

"Damn! I wish I could stay in bed with you all day, Buzz," he grinned at me when I shot him a glare, "but my coach will kill me if I don't make this meeting."

"Seriously? You are still comparing me to Buzz Lightyear?" I snapped, only half in jest. I mean, who wants to be compared to Buzz Lightyear in the sexiness category?

Devin looked at me with a shit-eating grin; he knew exactly what I was thinking. "Hey! You know that's not why I gave you that nickname! We talked about that." He paused, waiting for me to nod my agreement, which I reluctantly gave. "Besides, you are definitely sexier than him. I mean, absolutely no contest!" 

I watched him as he pulled himself from the bed and kissed me on my forehead, still wearing that grin. "Now, as far as being sexier than Woody... well, the jury's still out on that one."

I sat up and threw a pillow at him just as he slipped into the bathroom and closed the door. "Jackass!" I called out. 

Devin opened the door a crack and peeked out. Damn, he looked sexy in the morning. His hair was tousled, he needed to shave and his boxers were rumpled, but he still made me hard as steel. 

"Want to join me in the shower?" he asked, smiling.

Fuck. I was a goner. I almost got out of bed, but remembered his meeting. "No, Devin! Take your shower. I don't want you to be late." 

He threw me a sad little frown, but wiggled his eyebrows at me, so I knew he was just teasing me. I heard the water turn on and wondered if I had time to take care of my situation before he was done. My cock was throbbing for release and knew that I could cum in a few minutes at this point. As any teenage boy will tell you, either take care of the hard-on in the morning or let it haunt your day!

I leaned back on the remaining pillow on the bed and slid my hand down my stomach and under the waistband of my boxers. The head was leaking precum already and the second I wrapped my hand around the shaft, I felt myself tremble. Closing my eyes, I remembered how it felt to have Devin's lips wrapped around my dick and moaned. I moved my hand up and down, gently at first, but decided I needed more room and wriggled out of my boxers and tossed them to the ground before I got down to business. I heard him moving around in the shower and knew I was losing precious time. 

My head back on the pillow, I let one hand tug and twist at my nipples while my hand wrapped around my hard cock and stroked up and down. I closed my eyes and once again envisioned Devin between my legs last night as he licked and sucked my cock. I moaned and whispered his name as I spread my legs farther apart. When I jacked off, I loved to lay on my back, spread eagled, imagining my body open and vulnerable to Devin. Would that turn him on as much as it does me? Does he want me like I want him? I stroked harder. Faster. My balls felt tight and I slid my hand from my nipples to my sac and rolled the hard orbs in my fingers. I imagined Devin sliding them both into his mouth; suckling, tasting, making me beg for more.

"Devin," I whispered into the silence, "I need you. Please...please, baby!" As I pleaded for him, I felt my body stiffen. My cock was so sensitive and I just wanted to shoot my load out onto my stomach. I imagined Devin licking up my cum and I moaned louder. 

My hand was moving fast along my hard dick and my swollen head was leaking precum like crazy. The wet heat helped lubricate my hand and I felt myself begin to rush towards that release.

"Devin!" I cried out as my palm twisted around the tip and slid the precum all around, before I grabbed my cock again and began to thrust up into it, over and over, harder and faster. "Devin! I need you inside of me. Fuck me, Devin, fuck me!"

Ropes of hot creamy cum flew from my dick and landed on my chest and arms. The orgasm rocked my body and I cried out his name over and over, unaware that I was no longer whispering. No, l was lost in the ecstasy of my climax; lost in the throes of lust and passion. Colors swirled behind my closed eyelids as I gasped air into my lungs, feeling myself plummet from my high until I once again felt my body was on solid ground. My hand slid up onto my stomach and I rubbed my fingers in the cum, wishing it was Devin's cum. God, l wanted him...

"Wow..." 

My eyes shot open and I fond Devin standing at the bed, staring down at me. His cheeks were flushed and a towel was slung low on his lips. 

"Oh god!" I said, as I tried to cover myself. 

"Gage! Stop! That was fuckin' hot, baby," he said as he sat down on the bed next to me. 

"Yeah?" I asked quietly. 

"Fuck yeah," he whispered back. "You are so sexy. Do you know how many times I have jacked off to you?"

I blushed and looked away, embarrassed. 

"Hey, look at me, Gage," he whispered.

My eyes met his and I saw there was no judgement, no teasing. He was telling the truth. 

"How much did you see?" I asked quietly.

"I came out a couple of minutes ago. I didn't mean to spy, but damn, when I saw you naked and heard you begging me to... God, Gage, I was...I am so fucking hard!" He leaned down and pressed his lips against mine, hard. This kiss was anything but gentle. He devoured my lips. Devin took possession and slid his tongue into my mouth, tangling with mine and moaning into me. I pulled up some and pressed closer, aching to feel his body pressed against mine. I groaned as he climbed onto the bed, forcing my legs farther apart with his knee. He pulled away from the kiss and placed hot, wet kisses down my neck and then sat up. 

I opened my eyes to see what he was doing and was surprised to see him just sitting there, staring at me. He reached his hand down to my stomach and ran his fingers through my cum. I moaned out loud as he lifted his fingers to his lips and sucked off my cum. It was the most erotic thing I had ever seen and I grabbed his shoulder and pulled him down into a deep kiss. I could taste myself on his lips and for some reason that turned me on more. He let his body press against me and as we kissed I held on tight, letting one hand trace his spine slowly, teasingly until I came to the edge of the towel still tied around his waist. 

"This needs to go," I whispered. 

Devin moaned and pulled back. His face was flushed with arousal and I wanted to pull him back into a hot, wet kiss, but he braced his hand on my chest, keeping me on the bed. His skin was flushed and I knew he was as hot as I was. 

"Gage, I have to go. I don't want to, I swear! But Coach will kick my ass if I'm late." He raked his fingers through his hair and groaned. 

I knew he was right, but I didn't want him to leave. I didn't want him outside our safe little cocoon, where we could share and explore and love. What would happen outside the door? I panicked a little as I thought about our new situation. We had both been outed last night. Everyone would know. Were we ready for that?

"What? What's wrong? Your face just paled and you look scared. What's wrong, Gage?"

I looked into his eyes and tried to figure out how to phrase my thoughts. He waited, but I could tell he was worried. 

"I...I was just remembering last night on the elevator."

"When I told you how I felt about you?"

"Yeah. Umm, you realize we are out now, right?"

"Yes. Why? Oh... were you not ready?" he sounded worried. 

"No, it's not that. It's just... well, we haven't really discussed it. I mean, okay... we're out. We're roommates. We're..."

"Dating?" He offered.

"Umm, yeah. I guess...is that what you want?"

"Of course! I thought you were my boyfriend!" He stood up, staring at me. "Aren't you?"

I smiled at him. God, yes, I wanted to tell him. I wanted to say I was his boyfriend, his lover, his friend and his roommate. I wanted to tell him I was his forever. But I just nodded yes. It was too soon to say all that and scare him away. "Yes," I whispered, "Yes, I am your boyfriend."

A grin spread across his face and he reached down for me and scooped his arms around my back pulling me up into him. "Gage," he said, his hot breath tickling my face, "I know we have a lot to learn and figure out, but I only want you. I don't care who knows... In fact, because Jeremy- he's on the basketball team- was in the elevator last night, I decided I need to tell my coach right away to ward off any issues."

I nodded and hugged him tightly. I knew he had to leave and I had things I had to do, too. "Okay, I'm going to take a shower and head to the campus store. I need some supplies."

"Sounds good. Hey, can I take you out tonight? You know, dinner...a movie?" 

I looked at him and he was just so cute as he looked at the ground and shuffled his feet a little. Like I would turn him down! "You mean a date?"

"Yeah. Of course! I mean, I am a poor struggling college student, so it's not going to be lobster or anything, but yeah, I want to take you out."

I smiled. I didn't care if it was Chicken McNuggets, I just wanted to spend the evening with him. "Yes, of course, Devin."

He smiled. "Great. Meet you here at 6 tonight?"

"Sounds good," he said as he grabbed clothes from his drawers and dropped his towel. I snuck a quick peek before I closed the bathroom door behind me. 

******************

Devin's POV

I dressed quickly because I knew I was going to get it from Coach if I didn't hurry my ass up and get to the meeting on time. I wasn't exactly sure what he wanted, but I hoped I hadn't done something wrong. And it couldn't have anything to do with Gage, since he told me about the meeting before Gage and I got together last night. 

Still, I wanted to tell him. Hell, I wanted to tell everyone. I know my mom probably already had an idea that I was gay. She had made a few comments over the last couple of years and I had waved it off, but now I think I was ready to tell her. It had been just she and I for years, since my dad had taken off when I was a kid. I think she would be fine with it. 

I hurried across campus and made it with a minute to spare. I knocked on the coach's door.

"Come in," he barked. 

I opened the door and Coach Mason waved me in. I was surprised to see another young man seated in one of the two matching chairs in front of his desk. I didn't recognize him. 

"Have a seat, Devin." He waved to the empty seat in front of his desk. "This is Jack, he's transferring here from Kansas."

"Hi," I said, offering him my hand. 

He shook it and my first impression was that he was obviously very strong. His grip was tight. I smiled. 

"Easy there, Jack, I need my hand," I told him as I sat down next to him. 

He blushed and dropped his hand. "Sorry," he mumbled.

"Hey, I was just jacking with you. You are really strong, though."

He looked at me with very dark, expressive eyes. The brown iris was so dark it almost looked like he didn't have pupils. His hair was dark and he wore a trim goatee, but otherwise seemed pretty hairless. His skin was a golden bronze. He was definitely hot. Not my type, but still hot. 

"Look, Devin, I am adding him to the B-string and I want you to work with him. You're the best I've got, and he hasn't played basketball for over a year."

I raised my eyebrows at him. "Really?"

"I was in a car accident and had to go to rehab. Had a lot of leg problems. Missed a year of school. When I went back, the coach there thought I wasn't ready to play, but I know I am. I'm willing to put it in the hours, the hard work, anything."

"Okay, sounds good." I handed him my cell. "Add your digits in there and we can set up some times."

He grinned and entered his information before handing the cell back. I texted him and he saved my info, too. 

"I was thinking you guys work out together every day and then put in some time on the court, too, outside of our regular practices. First game is coming up in a couple of weeks and I want everyone ready."

I looked at Jack and shrugged my shoulders. "Sounds good to me."

He nodded his agreement and then looked at the coach, expectantly. 

"Oh, yeah, right..." Coach Mason began and flicked his gaze to me, "Jack wants to make sure and be upfront about something before this goes any further. He had some problems at his last college. Of course, I told him I don't put up with bullying here."

"That's true. He will take anyone down that dares to threaten or intimidate someone," I told Jack. 

"That's great to hear. Look, it's not a huge deal. It's just....I'm gay. I like to be open about it," he told me.

My jaw must have been on the floor, I was so shocked. I started laughing and he looked pissed. Fuck, why did I always laugh at the wrong times?

Coach was just about to say something, but I held my hand up, stopping him. I pulled myself together and looked at them. "I'm sorry. I swear I'm not laughing at you. It's just...I came out yesterday and before word got around the school that I have a boyfriend, I wanted to let the coach know today!"

Jack grinned. "Yesterday? That is funny. Timing, huh?"

We both looked at the coach and he seemed a little shocked, which only made us bust out laughing more. Poor man. He was in his fifties and I got the feeling he was pretty straight-laced, but he was taking this all very well. 

"Okay, guys, that's enough," he groused. "I don't care if you are gay or straight. You can date puppets, for all I care! I just want you to play basketball and win!"

Jack and I smiled at each other and I felt a new friendship beginning. It would be nice to know another gay man that played basketball at the same college. We thanked the coach and headed out, trying to keep the giggles at a minimum, but couldn't hold it any longer when we closed the door behind us. 

"Boys!" Coach bellowed through the door and we took off through the locker room until we were far enough away that he couldn't hear us. 

Jeremy came around the corner just as we sat on a bench and started laughing again. 

"Hey, what's so funny?"

For some reason, that only made us laugh harder and we erupted into giggles until Jeremy was laughing right along with us. 

Finally, we got ourselves under control and I introduced Jeremy to Jack and explained to him that Jack was new to the team and I would be helping him get into shape.

Jeremy stopped and slowly swept his gaze over Jack and I was surprised to see desire in his eyes. His voice was thick when he spoke and I saw Jack blush at his words. 

"I think he's already in perfect shape," Jeremy said, never taking his eyes off the new guy.

Fuck, he looked like he wanted to eat him for dinner. 

"Also, Jack likes to be open..." I started to tell him Jack was gay, but then looked at Jack hesitantly. I mean, he wanted the team to know, right? 

"I'm gay," Jack blurted out.

I glanced at Jeremy and saw a smile spread across his face. 

"That's good. That's really, really good news."

I looked at them both. "You mean, you are?"

Jeremy shot me a look. "Uh, yeah, have been for years. I haven't come out at school, but after you did last night, I decided it was time to deal with it. I came to tell Coach this morning."

Jack and I looked at each other and busted out laughing again. Coach was probably going to think there was something in the water after this morning!

After we calmed down, we all headed to the workout room, so we could talk about the various exercises we would implement to help him get back on track. Unfortunately, Jeremy seemed to be a distraction for Jack and I had a hard time keeping his attention. Jeremy offered to join us on our daily workouts and Jack agreed before I could say anything. I guess we could see how it goes, though, but I had a feeling it would only make the workouts more difficult. 

Jeremy left to go talk with the coach, leaving Jack and I to head over to the basketball court. I wanted to see what he had, so we ended up playing a little one-on-one. Fifteen minutes turned into two hours. He was good; really good. I was getting a great workout just playing hoops with him. He seemed like a pretty shy individual, but get him on the court and he was a basketball fiend! I liked him immediately. 

As we were leaving, Jeremy found us and asked if we wanted to hang out tonight. I told him that Gage and I were going out and Jack looked at me, almost pleadingly, and I finally acquiesced. I could tell Jack was really into Jeremy, but too shy to be alone with him.

"Okay, both of you meet me at my dorm room at 6, ok? We can go from there. Jack, I'll text you my room number. I'm in Shane Hall."

After we all went our separate ways, I texted Gage. I hoped he wouldn't be upset about our romantic date turning into a double date. 
