 Devin's POV

It was late by the time we all decided to leave the bar & grill. I had planned on trying to get out of there early so that Gage and I could be alone back in our room. Once Jeremy and Jack had finally joined us in the restaurant and we ordered, we ended up having such a great time, the evening ran away from us. 

I could see that Gage and Jack were really getting to be friends. They had even attended the new Star Wars movie together. He was begging me to go with him to see it again, but I just was never into sci-fi. But, he was just so cute, I had finally told him yesterday that maybe we could go this weekend. He had jumped up and down like a little kid, which only made me laugh. 

Gage was so open about things. I never had to wonder what he was thinking or feeling. Just like earlier this evening when he had looked at me on the court. Somehow, l had known that he was ready to take our relationship to the next level. Personally, I had been ready since the first day I met him! 

When we finally all decided to head back to campus, I grabbed his hand and pulled him close. "Hey, sexy," I whispered. 

Gage grinned up at me. "Hey," he whispered back. 

I stopped him in the parking lot for a minute to put some distance between us and Jack and Jeremy.

"Are you still... I mean, do you still want to..." Damn, I couldn't even say the words. Why was I suddenly so nervous?

Gage smiled shyly. "Do I still want to make love tonight?"

I swallowed hard and nodded. 

His eyes crinkled up with his smile and he nodded his head enthusiastically. "Oh, yeah, Devin. I really, really do."

I laughed at his exuberance and leaned down to kiss him. My lips touched his and sparks erupted throughout my body. I wrapped my arms around him and pulled him off the ground. Gage moaned and wrapped his lean little legs around my waist. I felt his hardness press against my abs and I held him tighter. Our kiss grew deeper and soon my tongue was swirling through his sweet warm mouth. I immediately knew I was close to losing control; I couldn't get enough of him. He was like honeyed nectar on my tongue, sweet and raw. 

When I was finally able to force myself to pull away, I looked down at Gage and trembled. His lips were rosy and swollen from my kisses. Green orbs full of lust peered out from his heavy-lidded eyes. I leaned forward until our foreheads were touching and breathed him in. 

He smiled tenderly. "Do you know how much you mean to me?" he whispered. 

A slow smile spread across my face; my skin felt flushed and I felt warm inside. "As much as you mean to me, I hope," I whispered back. "I love you so much Gage."

"I love-" 

Gage was abruptly cut off by Jeremy. 

"Devin! Devin! Get over here!" 

Jeremy sounded urgent, so I slid Gage back to the ground and we ran over to join him at my car. I didn't see anything at first. Just he and Jack staring at me, their faces a little shocked. 

"What?" I asked, a little irritated to have been interrupted. 

I may not have noticed the flat tires, but Gage certainly had. His sharp intake of breath cued me in that something was definitely wrong. Before I could ask him, he pointed to the front driver's side tire. It was completely flat. 

Hmm, that sucked, but I had a spare in the trunk. It certainly wasn't the major deal Jeremy and Gage were making it out to be. But then I saw Jack pointing to the back driver's side tire and saw it was flat, too. 

What the hell?

I rounded the car and found all four tires flat. Upon closer inspection it was clear they had all been slashed! Anger reared up in me and I let loose a string of obscenities that would have made my mother blush. I wanted to hit something, anything! I looked at Gage and he looked scared. I never wanted to make him feel like that. 

"Hey, baby," I wrapped my arms around him, trying to calm myself down. "It's not that bad. Tires can be replaced."

"Dude!" Jeremy broke in, "you didn't see the front windshield. This wasn't just some random thing, Devin."

I rushed to the front of my car and my heart thundered in my chest. FAGGOT was written in huge letters across the windshield in bright red spray paint. Jeremy was right. This wasn't a random act by some idiots; this was a hate crime. I slumped down to the concrete parking curb in front of my car and felt the wind go out of me. Someone hated me enough to do this? Who? Why?

************************ 

Gage's POV

As the full realization of what had happened hit Devin, I motioned for Jeremy to call 911 and moved to sit next to him on the concrete barrier. He looked so forlorn; in shock that someone would do this to him. I slipped his hand into mine and he just stared at his car. I was pretty sure it wasn't the car he was upset about, but more so the hatred that had been spewed upon him. 

I understood that and tried not to let memories of high school bullies rush at me. Needless to say, I fully comprehended the shock you can feel when you know that someone hates you so much just for being who you were born to be. 

Devin still hadn't spoken, but he finally squeezed my hand, so I knew he was aware of what was going on. We all stayed quiet as Jeremy relayed the information to the 911 operator and then informed us the police were on the way. 

No one really knew what to say, but it shook us all. It was a reminder that hate was in this world; that no matter how far the LGBT community has come, there were still many hurdles to overcome. I shook my head as my eye welled up with tears. I didn't want to cry in front of Devin. He needed me to be strong for him. I felt him squeeze my hand again and turned to look at him and was shocked to see a single tear rolling down his cheek. I raised my hand and brushed that tear away. 

"Hey, you listen to me," I ordered him, my voice stronger than I felt. "We can't let them win, you hear me Devin? We are stronger than hate. We are stronger than ignorance. You and me? And our friends," I paused and swept my arm out to include Jeremy and Jack, "we are all better than this. Nobody can take away our security. Nobody can take away our confidence. Not unless we let them. And we are not going to let them, right Devin?"

He watched me for a minute, his eyes intense and hard, until I was finally gifted with one of his beautiful smiles, albeit small. I was going to take what I could get, though. He cupped my face with his hand and I felt his thumb brush away something wet. Until that moment, I hadn't even realized my own tears had begun to fall. 

"Thank you," Devin whispered, "that was just the kick in the butt I needed." He smiled at me and gave me a quick kiss on my cheek. 

*******************

Devin's POV

The police arrived pretty quickly and took down all the information. Someone from the crime scene unit took pictures while we each talked with the police. Our statements were pretty lean though, since we were all in the bar & grill while this happened. They were going to check with the bar and see if they had any type of video surveillance for the parking lot, just in case. 

They asked us if anyone had been giving us a hard time and suddenly Gage piped up with Travis's name. 

I shook my head immediately. I couldn't imagine a teammate doing this, no matter how he felt about us. A team is a unit; a solid family that works together to get through the bad times no matter what.

Gage was pretty insistent, though. He filled us all in on what had happened with Travis's girlfriend, Molly, earlier in the evening and wondered if that had put him over the edge. I still had a hard time thinking that way, but the police said they were going to talk with him anyway. 

By the time the tow truck showed up and took my car to a shop it was well after 1am and we were all exhausted. One of the police officers offered to drive us all back to campus and we gladly accepted. Jeremy sat up front and the rest of us crammed into the back seat. 

While Gage and I sort of collapsed against each other, Jeremy kept up a steady stream of questions for the officer. I was pretty sure he was regretting his offer to drive us home. Jack was quiet as he stared out the window. I wondered what he was thinking. I remembered him telling me on the first day we met that he had been bullied at his previous college. I hoped tonight wasn't dredging up bad memories. 

I had my arm around Gage and I felt his breathing change and knew without looking he had fallen asleep. I didn't blame him; I was exhausted, too. So much for our big romantic night alone. 

When we arrived back on campus, Jack and Jeremy headed towards Jeremy's dorm and I talked with the officer for a minute before getting out. He told me that unless someone saw who did this, or they get an actual confession, this may never be resolved. He said he hated telling me that, but wanted me to know the facts. I appreciated his candor and thanked him for everything. He smiled and slipped me his card in case I thought of any other possibilities. 

Gage was a bear to wake up and I practically had to carry him to the dorm, but I didn't really mind. He was such a lightweight. I liked taking care of him, anyway. He was so sweet and had this amazing heart that could find good in anything. Even tonight. He was the first one to say we wouldn't give into this hatred. 

When we were finally in our room, I maneuvered him over to his bed and helped him undress. I don't think he even realized where we were. He was so cute I just wanted to kiss him all over, but knew it wasn't the time. After stripping down to my boxers, I crawled in behind him, pulling him close to my chest until we were spooning tightly. It was amazing how quickly I had become accustomed to sleeping with him. I wondered if I would ever be able to sleep without him. Well, that was something I never planned on finding out. 

****************************

Gage's POV

I woke up and had to pee so badly, I thought I was going to burst. Devin's arm was heavy around my waist and I wasn't sure I could slip out of his grasp without waking him up, but I was going to do my best. Last night had been hard on him and he needed to sleep. 

I wriggled as gently and quietly as I could until his arm started to fall back and I rolled my body at the edge of the bed letting my feet land on the floor. He snorted in his sleep and moved a little, but he was still asleep. I ran as fast as possible to the bathroom to do my business and while I was in there I brushed my teeth. Hey, nothing wrong with being prepared for a morning kiss! 

I padded back into the room and gasped. He had kicked the blankets off and he was sprawled out on his back, his beautiful chest bare and his cock pressing hard against his boxer briefs. He was so sexy I wanted to just lick those nipples and run my fingers through that gorgeous chest hair. I sighed. I didn't think I would ever get tired of his chest. I just couldn't get enough of it. 

Last night was supposed to be our big night, but obviously, that had been upstaged by the crime. I hadn't changed my mind; I still wanted to move to the next level with Devin. Hastily, I slipped off my boxers and quietly climbed back into bed, tugging his arm back around me and pulling the blankets back up. He instinctively rolled back onto his side and I snuggled back against him, wiggling my ass against his hard-on. I hadn't wanted to wake him up at first, but my hormones were getting the best of me and all I could think about was what it would be like to have him inside me. 

I flipped to my other side so that my face was right up against his chest. His nipples were hard, either from the cool air or me, but it didn't matter to me why. I just wanted to nibble them. I snaked my tongue out and flicked one and he shuddered. I pressed my hand against his hard pec and raked my fingers through his hair while I leaned in and nipped at that hard little nub. He groaned and I felt his hand rub up my back. He was waking up.

I licked his nipple and softly kissed a path over to his other one, making sure to give equal attention. He moaned and I knew he was enjoying it. I started kissing a trail down his chest and when I reached his belly button I pressed my tongue into it. 

"Mmm," he moaned out and slid his fingers into my hair. "This is one hell of a way to wake up."

I giggled a little as he thrust his hips towards me. I was going to make him wait, though. Instead, I pressed my hands against him, rolling him onto his back and then I hooked my fingers into his waist band and slowly, gently eased his boxers off. Devin lifted up his ass to help me and I watched his stomach muscles contract. His thick cock slapped back against his stomach and a drop of pearly precum dripped down to his stomach, leaving a string of it hanging from the engorged head. I licked it up and he gasped. 

"Mmm, delicious," I murmured as I placed feathery kisses over to his hip and licked the crease of his leg. His whole body shivered. 

"Gage..." he whispered.

"Yes?"

"I don't think I can go another day without making love to you," he whispered. 

I looked up at him and smiled. "You don't have to."

His eyes widened and he growled as he pulled me up until I was on top of him and our bodies were pressed hard against each other. His mouth took mine and I trembled at his aggressiveness. There was power in his kiss; he was in control and he knew it. His tongue forced me to let him into my mouth and I quickly acquiesced. Our tongues dueled and danced as our bodies writhed against each other. His chest hair crinkled against me, creating a delightful friction and I moaned into his mouth. 

He pulled back and looked at me, his eyes dark with a desire I wasn't sure I had ever seen from him before. I felt that curl of lust in my belly again and trembled. 

"I will be right back. Don't move!" 

I nodded, not quite sure of my ability to speak at the moment. Like I was going anywhere; in bed with Devin was the only place I wanted to be.

He ran off to the bathroom and I rolled onto my back and tried to keep my breathing even. This was it. I was going to lose my virginity to the man I loved. The fear was gone. There were no doubts. I wanted this. I needed this.

My cock was so hard I was leaking precum all over my stomach. I slid my finger through it and stroked myself a little, wishing he would hurry back. 

I got my wish about ten seconds later. He held up some condoms and a new bottle of lube and he was grinning the like the cat that ate the canary. 

"Been shopping?" I inquired, raising my eyebrows.

He laughed. "I like to be prepared," he answered as he dropped the supplies onto the nightstand and climbed back into bed with me. 

I shivered as he lifted one leg over me, placing his knees on either side of my hips and bracing himself with his hands on the bed, just above my shoulders, effectively caging me under him. I looked up at him, my eyes pleading with him for guidance. Shyness overcame me and I turned my head to the side. He was just so sexy, so beautiful. Knowing I was giving myself to this man was almost too much for me. I was filled with so many thoughts and emotions I wasn't sure where to start. My earlier confidence dwindled as doubts began to sneak back in.

"Gage? Look at me, baby."

He was so close, I felt his warm breath on my cheek as he spoke. I shivered and felt goosebumps rise on my skin. I finally turned back to look at him and my breath froze. The look in his eyes was unmistakable; there was lust, yes, but there was also love. I felt that love envelope me and the fear was gone again. Devin would take care of me. I gave him a small smile, letting him know I was ready to go on. 

He watched me for a few more seconds before leaning down to brush his lips against mine softly, sweetly. He tugged at my lower lip with his teeth and a shiver went down my spine. His tongue licked where his teeth had been and I moaned, letting my hands run up into his hair as I tried to pull him closer.

His lips moved from mine, kissing softly across my cheek until he reached my jawline and began placing little butterfly kisses down my neck, stopping where he felt the pulse in my neck. He nipped and licked as I writhed under him.

"Devin..." I whispered.

"Mmm...you taste so good, Gage. I want to lick every inch of you."

Lust coursed through me and I thrust my hips up at him, wanting to grind my cock against his belly. I moaned when he was still too far above me. "Please..."

He chuckled low. "What baby? What do you want?"

I looked into his beautiful sparkling eyes. "I want to feel you against me. I need you," I whispered. 

In answer, he let his body softly fall on top of mine and we both hissed at the skin-on-skin contact. My arms wrapped around to his back and I began move my fingers lightly over his muscles. His sharp intake of breath let me know he like it and I let my hands roam farther down to the curve of his ass. His sexy, muscled ass. God, he was hot!

Devin licked at my earlobe and I involuntarily bucked up at him. My cock was so hard, I thought I might climax before we even get too much farther. 

His lips found mine again and this time the gentleness was gone. Devin lips and tongue took control of me and I heard whimpers and finally realized they were coming from me. 

"I need you!" I whispered. "Please, Devin!"

"I need to help you get ready, okay? Do you trust me, Gage? There will be some pain, but you know that, right?" His words were whispered low.

My cheeks flushed, but I nodded. "I trust you, Devin. I know you will try to make it less painful."

He smiled and kissed both my cheeks before he moved down farther, nudging my thighs apart with his knee until my legs were spread wide for him. I watched him as he sat up on his knees and stared at me. His eyes darkened with desire and in that moment I had never felt more vulnerable, yet sexier, in my life. 

He leaned down and licked my hard cock from the root to the top and I moaned. His tongue slid across the top and lapped at the precum before scooting back some so he could lean down in front of balls. I wasn't sure what to expect next until he brought my legs up and bent them at the knees. Suddenly, I felt his hot tongue on my balls and I groaned. "Fuck, yeah...so hot."

Devin licked and sucked my balls for a minute before he pulled my ass cheeks apart a little more and I felt the cool air on my tight hole. He moaned. "Gage...fuck you are so sexy."

I wanted to say something, but his tongue sliding between my cheeks stopped me and I reached over and fisted the sheets with both hands. Fuck! That was so good! "Yes! Yes!"

My cries fueled him on and he was soon lapping at my hole as if he hadn't eaten in days and it was a delicious meal. Then he reached his hand up and twisted a fingertip across my cock, wetting it with the beads of precum dripping from the slit. When I felt his finger next to his tongue, I knew what was coming, but I still moaned when he press that finger against my opening and slid it in. His tongue licked around the outer edge while his finger twisted. It felt so good, I wanted more. 

"Fuck!" I moaned, wriggling my ass for more. 

He pulled back and his finger slid out of my ass. 

"Wait!" I whimpered. Fuck, I wanted him inside me.

He grabbed the lube and I heard the flip top open. 

"This is going to be a little cool," he told me as he squirted some onto his fingers and settled back between my legs. 

I lifted my head and looked down. He was pushing my thigh a little bit and then slid a finger along my tight opening, before he slid two fingers inside, all the way to the knuckle. 

"Yes!" Damn, that felt good.

"You like that, Gage?" He whispered as he began twisting and scissoring his fingers, stretching me out for him. 
