 Gage's POV 

"What the fuck?" 

My eyes flew open and shot to the large man sitting up in the bed across the room. Travis looked pissed and slightly confused. Great. He probably forgot the whole evening. 

"What's wrong, Travis?" 

"Gage?" He squinted through the stream of sunlight snaking out from the blinds. 

"Yeah, it's me." Devin rolled over and looked at our guest. "Devin, too," I added. 

"What the hell happened? I don't remember...I don't know...I mean...what?" 

Poor guy. He was a mess. Bleary, bloodshot eyes, tear stained face, hair sticking up and rumpled clothes. I could still smell the alcohol from our bed and imagined his mouth felt awful. I slid out of bed and grabbed him a water from the mini-fridge and some Tylenol from my night stand and offered them to Travis before I answered him. He looked surprised at the offering, but gladly took them from me. 

Devin was sitting up in bed, glaring at Travis, so I sat back down and placed my hand on my boyfriend's knee and squeezed, letting him know not to lose his temper. He grunted, so I think he got my message. 

"Travis," I began, slowly, "do you remember anything about last night?" 

He swallowed the pills and looked at me, his brow furrowed for just a moment until his memories of last night began to come back. Terror gripped him and he jumped up from the bed, reaching down for his shoes and making his way to the door. 

"Travis!" 

He stopped in his tracks, his shoulders slumping. 

"You can't hide who you are anymore. You will never be happy pretending to be someone you're not." 

His shoulders trembled for a moment until he turned around to face me. Devastation etched his features, his eyes were bright with fear. 

"Sit." 

Travis simply looked at me and obeyed, moving back to the bed he slept in. He dropped his big frame down and the bed creaked under his weight. 

"Look at me," I ordered him. 

Reluctantly, his eyes met mine. I knew his entire world was crumbling and he had no idea what to do, but he held my gaze. Chalk one up to stubbornness; I was pretty sure he just didn't want to make a scene in front of his teammate. 

"Now, first of all, I want you to know that Devin and I forgive you." 

His eyes grew wide and Devin cleared his throat, preparing to speak, but I squeezed his knee hard. 

"Don't we, Devin?" 

My boyfriend sighed as he ran his fingers through his hair. "Yes. I know you didn't mean for that guy to vandalize my car." 

Travis finally found his voice. "Seriously, man. I didn't. I had no idea he followed you. I was just trying to fit in." He inhaled deeply and shuddered as he let it out. "I have known I was gay for years. Years. I thought maybe...just maybe I could come out in college, but then there were people from my high school and I am into sports and I...I didn't know what to do!" Tears began to well up in his eyes and he brushed them away. 

Devin slumped forward, his elbows on his knees, his chin in his hand. "Look man, I get it. Coming out is hard. But isn't pretending to be a hater even harder? I mean, are you happy? Ever?" 

Travis stared at us for a moment as his lips slowly began to curve into a hint of a smile. "Actually, I'm happy right now. I mean, I'm fucking terrified, but I can't believe how amazing it feels to tell someone. I'm gay. Gay...gay." He seemed to be trying the word out. His smile grew wider. "Wow!" 

Devin smiled back and I knew he really had forgiven Travis. We told him we would be here for him to help him when he was ready to let people know. Devin laughed when he realized the coach would have to be told at some point. 

"Maybe there really is something in the water," he mused and soon we were all laughing. 

I knew Travis still had a long way to go, but we promised we would help him out. He let us know he had already been to the police station and given a statement, explaining that he had been the one to point them out to his friend, Scott. 

"I guess he won't be speaking to me anymore," he muttered out loud. 

"Did you really want him to?" Devin asked. 

Travis smiled. "No, he's a douchebag. And a complete homophobe." 

Devin's cell rang and he looked at the number, shrugging. "Hello?" 

Travis got up, gesturing towards the door. "I'm going head back to my dorm. Thanks for...well, everything," he whispered. 

I followed him to the door. "I meant what I said, Travis. We are here for you. That's what friends are for." 

He smiled and nodded, fresh tears on his lashes. "Thanks, Gage. I can't believe how great you guys are being to me." 

I patted his arm. "Like I said, anything." 

He surprised me by bending down and hugging me. 

Devin was by my side in an instant. God, he was so freaking jealous. He hung up his phone and glared at Travis. 

Travis back off and held his hands up, palms out. "Sorry, dude. Didn't mean anything by it." 

I elbowed Devin. "He knows that, right Dev?" 

"Yes. Of course," he said, his voice strained. It was all I was going to get. 

I smiled at Travis and told him we would see him soon. 

He glanced between Devin and me and looked a little wistful when he spoke. "I wonder if I will ever have what you guys have..." 

I reached over and grabbed his arm, giving him a gentle squeeze. "You will, Travis. You have a lot of things to think about and there will be some hard times in your future, but I promise you this: Being honest about who you are will bring you more happiness than you ever thought possible." 

His lips twisted a little as he looked down at me, his gaze intense until he finally drew his eyes over to Devin. "You are one lucky guy, Devin." 

Devin slid his arm around me and pulled me closer. 

As the door closed, Devin leaned into me, his hands on the door, caging me between his arms. A shiver ran down my spine. 

"Umm, who was on the phone?" 

"The station. Someone thinks the locket was theirs. I gave them permission to give out my number." 

"That's great!" I was so excited to find out who the owner was. 

"Uh-huh. Great," he murmured as he leaned down and sniffed my hair. "God, you smell good." 

I wrinkled my nose. Ugh, he had to be crazy. I hadn't even brushed my teeth yet, let alone showered or shampooed. "How about I go take a quick shower?" I moved to slide under his arm and he grabbed my wrist, pulling my arm up above my head, and pressing it back against the door. 

"No," he leaned down and his husky voice ghosted across my skin. "You'll just need another one in a little while." 

I shivered. God, I loved when he was in control like this. I bit my lower lip and tried not to smile. "Why would I need a second shower?" 

He grabbed my left hand and pulled it above my head to join my other one. Soon, I was pinned against the door and his face was lowered down, hovering only an inch away. Heat rolled off him and his eyes flashed with desire. He flicked his tongue out and licked his bottom lip before he answer my question. 

"Because I want a repeat of last night, baby." 

I trembled, my cock twitching and weeping with desire. 

"I'm going to cum all over your balls and your tight little hole." 

I inhaled sharply, moaning at the thought. "You are?" 

"God, yes. Seeing your sexy little body painted with my cum was the hottest thing I have ever seen in my life." He leaned down and whispered into my ear, "It was like I marked you as mine. Now get naked and meet me in bed." 

I shivered as he released my arms. I raced to the bed and watched as he headed into the bathroom. God, I loved that man. As I waited impatiently on the bed, I wondered if we would always be like this; hot and aching for each other. I couldn't imagine my life without him. 

I smiled as he entered the room again, wearing only a big grin, and I knew in my heart he felt the same way. 

EPILOGUE 

Gage's POV 

I couldn't believe the semester was almost over. I had just completed my last final before summer break and was heading across campus back to my dorm. I knew Devin had one more class today and then he was done, too. 

Summer arrived too quickly. I was excited for the break from classes, but being away from Devin for even a day was going to be incredibly hard. We had spent the year growing closer and my love for him had only deepened and grown. 

Both of us were heading home for the summer, but planned on talking every day. I knew our love was strong enough to last through the distance, but it was still going to suck. At least I had already contacted my old boss at the supermarket and lined up a summer job. I was going to need to save up as much as possible the next few months because Devin and I had already decided to rent a house next year, instead of staying in the dorms. 

We found a great old house just off campus and the landlord already accepted our application. There were four bedrooms, so we were talking with some friends about moving in with us. We asked Jack and Jeremy first, but they didn't want to move off campus and were working on getting a dorm room together for next year. 

Travis was thinking about it and said he would let us know as soon as he talked it over with his parents. Ever since the night he showed up drunk in our dorm room, he had become a part of our lives. At first, I believe he just needed support; to feel that he wasn't alone in this, but soon enough, he and Devin really bonded and became true friends. I liked him too, once he had quit being such an asshole and showed us his true self. He was funny and caring. And once he let his guard down, I found out he was also really smart. He may play the dumb jock around others, but in reality he was quite intelligent. 

Our new friend, Brett, was definitely going to rent one room and had promised to bring a sofa and coffee table that his mom was getting rid of. Apparently she was redecorating, so he was going to keep his eye out for anything else she wanted to replace over the summer. 

Devin and I met Brett when the station put him in contact with Devin about the locket. It turned out that it had once been his grandmother's and when she had passed away, his grandfather kept the locket and carried it around everywhere he went. 

Brett was thrilled that we had found it after it had been missing for so many years. He ended up wrapping it up and surprising his mother with it at Christmas and he said she had cried for over an hour at seeing her mother's locket. 

Brett was a freshman at our school, but because his parents lived just twenty minutes from campus, he was still living at home. He was eager to move out, though. We had really hit it off, as he was also a little bit of a geek like me. I think he had a little crush on Devin for a short while, but I couldn't really blame him, Devin was incredibly sexy. 

When I arrived at the dorm, I found a note on the door and pulled it off. 

Gage, 

Didn't want to text you while you were in a final. Good news- my parents want you to come stay a week with us this summer! 

Love you! 

Dev 

My heart beat a little faster at the news. Spending a week with him over the summer? I was so there! 

When I pushed the door open, I could see that Devin had been trying to pack again. Good Lord, it was a disaster! Boxes and bags filled with crap, nothing organized and everything shoved together. 

I smiled as I started to repack his stuff, knowing he would appreciate the help. I guess he wasn't perfect, but I didn't want perfection. I just wanted him. And he wanted me. 

We were in love and I couldn't wait to see what the next chapter in our journey would bring. 

**Watch for the first chapter in the next story involving Gage and Devin and their friends as they start the new semester in their rented house off campus!**