 Something didn't feel right ever since he started his basketball practice. Eli should have kept his eye on the ball, but he didn't. On a few occasions, he didn't even pay attention to what transpired on the court. He would look at his own coach for several seconds. Eli didn't say anything, and he didn't give any signals. He just kept his gaze on thirty-seven-year-old Winston and stayed silent. And when he did look away from the man, he tried to restore his basic comprehension of the current scenario on the court.

The distraction remained harmless as Eli continued on with today's practice. At one point, when he and his teammates lined up at the center to run through their three-pointers whether they made it through the hoop or not. Eli tried not to look at his coach again. But the resistance didn't arise from his current way of thinking. He slowly turned his head to stare at Winston, who kept his eyes on the clipboard in his hands.

Eli already understood why he was unable to stop this visual distraction. Ever since the first day of his senior year, just the mere appearance of his coach made him wish the school year had grown just a little longer. Winston looked as though he had emerged from a fictional story written by a romance author. His broad shoulders, bulging biceps, and clean brown hair would have made women of all kinds chasing after him without remorse. Respected by his students and by his peers on campus, Winston rightfully earned a good reputation.

Eli sighed as he looked away. The eighteen-year-old Japanese-American student knew that he clung to unreal expectations. He knew that Winston would never be interested in someone like him. True, his slim physique had improved over the years and the fact that he was a few inches shorter than his coach wouldn't have made a difference. But he could already see a backlash from the community if Winston broke the rules. If their relationship progressed into a more radical stance, then Eli would feel guilty if the coach had been kicked out of the school for good.

Eli made his three-point shot from the center of the court. He turned around and returned to the end of the line for a repeat performance. He closed his eyes for a moment. He tried to tell himself to keep his eyes on the hoop and nothing else. He clenched his fists and took a slow deep breath through his nostrils. It worked, for at least a while. It didn't take long for him to look back at his coach, who held a private discussion with Dylan, the team's star player. Winston's current vernacular remained undecipherable to Eli's ears. But that didn't stop him from experiencing a more hypnotic gaze. The coach had worked hard to be the man he had become. His sturdy exterior would be a highlight to Eli's perspective. The young athlete would look at him all day.

But his silent concentration had to be broken when the person in front of him handed him the basketball. Eli nodded and threw the ball toward the hoop. It failed to fall through the hoop, but Eli didn't care at this point. The coach blew his whistle, and the students gathered around for a practice round on the court. The team separated into two groups and played against each other.

* * *

After practice ended, everyone entered the locker room. They either took a shower before putting on their ordinary clothes or just ignored the shower and left the locker room with sweat sticking onto their shirts. Eli stayed behind while everyone else closed their lockers and left. He put on his blue jeans and plain white t-shirt in silence. He wanted to leave as soon as possible. But images in his head prevented him from wanting to go home and start on his homework.

It became a narrative with a cohesive theme. Eli closed his eyes to envision the school campus submerged in partial darkness, with only the moonlight to guide the pedestrian with clear directions. He envisioned walking across one of the outdoor hallways alone. He had a purpose on that night. He intended to meet someone at the other end of the hallway. And when he did, a smile on his face demonstrated his contentment with the current situation. He found his coach leaning against the concrete wall. With help from the moonlight, Eli could see Winston displaying his alluring smile before stepping a little closer.

Eli didn't waste any time. He showed his dedication to his coach by giving him a hug. Winston returned the favor by giving a long and fervent kiss. Their embrace in the partial darkness would have lasted long if Eli had let it. If this ever happened in real life, it would have been the most positive feeling all year.

He opened his eyes again and found himself in the same locker room. Almost everything remained the same. The only difference was the bulge in his jeans. It had grown almost immediately, and Eli didn't realize it until he looked down at it. He tried to make it disappear by thinking of trivial things. The sound of footsteps made him turn around to see Winston entering the room. Eli hoped that his coach didn't notice the bulge between his legs right away.

Winston asked, "Aren't you ready to go home?"

Eli cleared his throat. "I can't decide if I want to take a shower here or at home."

Winston let out a light chuckle. "You better hurry, because this locker room will be closed in an hour or so."

Eli grabbed his backpack and closed his locker. "So we meet again in two days, at the same time."

Winston looked down at his clipboard while writing something down. "That's right. Don't forget about it. Our next game against the Jaguars has to end on a high note."

Eli could see that the coach almost blocked the corridor that led to the main exit. The young athlete opened his mouth to say something, but closed it again. He took a few steps forward and tried his best to move past the coach without saying a word. But he stopped right when he stood just several inches away from Winston, who still had his eyes on his clipboard.

Eli looked down at Winston's hands for a brief moment, and didn't spot a single ring on any of his fingers. With that bit of knowledge out of the way, Eli shifted his gaze from the hands to the face. He was never this close to Winston before, and it made his entire body shiver. He took deeper breaths to calm himself. Winston finally looked away at his clipboard and instantly spotted his student standing just several inches away from him. His curious glance made Eli feel a little weak in the legs.

Winston asked, "Is there something that I need to know?"

Eli couldn't repress his feelings any longer. He leaned over and gave his first kiss to the coach. It didn't feel as exhilarating as the images in his head, simply because Winston almost dropped his clipboard and pushed Eli away. Eli almost crashed into the concrete wall, but regained his balance just in time. Winston's eyes grew much more solemn than before.

"Why did you do that?"

Realizing what he had just done, Eli murmured, "I'm sorry."

He ran past Winston and used the main exit to leave the building. He made it to the center of campus. Only a few students stayed behind and did their homework at the benches. The silence in Kenwood High School revealed the equivalent of the silence in a barren wasteland. It had grown tranquil thanks to the students' inability to take a slow and steady pace while on their way home. Eli didn't look behind him. He felt afraid to see if Winston looked right at him in front of the main exit. The student just left the campus.

The city of Palmdale, sitting on the western edge of the Mojave Desert, stayed normal for this time of year. The low humidity and high temperatures had settled down in the late afternoon. The sun began its slow descent in the west, resulting in darker skies and a less relaxed commute on the streets. While on the sidewalk, Eli gazed at the distant San Gabriel Mountains, which separated Palmdale from the city of Los Angeles. The dry and bumpy peaks helped him unwind after feeling so ashamed for what he did to Winston. He hoped that he would forget about it once he got home. But he failed to do just that.

* * *

The next basketball practice felt a little more awkward than usual. Eli followed Winston's instructions, but he refused to look him in the eyes. He performed in silence. He didn't even talk to his teammates. He just wished that Winston didn't have a second opinion regarding his potential. Nevertheless, he did what he was told on the court. He made his three-pointers, practiced his free throws, and cooperated with his team during their practice rounds.

When everything ended, he and the other players returned to the locker room. He didn't want to give off the impression that he desired a more reclusive attitude. So when one of his friends made a joke, he forced a laugh when the others laughed as well. He opened his locker and stared at the towel sitting right on top of his street clothes. Judging by his sweat and newfound odor, it would have been a step in the right direction to take a shower before leaving for home. But his unwillingness to make another move on his coach prevented him from choosing a cleaner appearance.

Sighing, he put away his towel and switched from school shorts to black jeans. Almost everyone else had left the room, with only two other people grabbing their backpacks and getting ready to leave. Eli just wanted to make it to the main exit. Winston, however, had arrived. Eli held his breath for a moment. He slowly rubbed his hands together before grabbing his backpack. He still refused to look at him in order to cease an even bigger assumption manufactured in Winston's mind.

The coach reminded the other teammates about the game against the Summerdale Jaguars on Friday. Eli stood still, hoping for Winston to just leave after the short reminder.

But Winston proclaimed, "Eli, I'd like to see you for a minute."

Eli slowly exhaled and stopped himself from cursing in silence. He could sense Winston's long gaze making him a primary target in his line of vision. The Japanese player could hear his teammates' footsteps growing fainter. Once he could no longer hear them, Eli turned around. Winston didn't appear amused. His solemn stare didn't change. Eli placed his hands in his pockets to ease his anxiety just a little bit.

"So what do you want to see me about?"

Winston took one step closer. "I think you know what needs to be discussed."

"And I'm afraid to say anything about it."

"Why did you do it?"

Eli sighed. "It just came out of me."

Winston's tone of voice couldn't have been more serious. "There has to be a reason. You wouldn't have done it without a purpose."

Eli looked down at Winston's brown pants before looking right back up at his face. "Maybe it has to do with how you look. I can't deny that you're one hell of a hunk."

"Is that so?"

"I mean...look at you. You would make lots of women moist. You're a strong man, and you've got what it takes to, uh...do the right thing."

Winston took another step forward. He and Eli now stood just one foot away from each other.

The coach whispered, "Whatever happened between the two of us...you didn't say anything about it, did you?"

Eli couldn't stop trembling. "Of course, not. If I did, we'd be in big trouble."

Winston slowly nodded. "It's a good thing no one saw us."

"Yeah, if someone opened the main exit, it would have been over for us."

Winston lowered his voice to a whisper. "That's exactly why I locked it."

Eli raised his eyebrows. "You did?"

A little smile formed on Winston's face. "I locked it from the inside. Once everyone goes out, they can't go back in again."

Eli looked left and right to check if anyone else had stayed behind. And much to his relief, everyone besides the two of them had left the room.

"Why did you do that?"

Winston didn't move at all. "You already know why."

The faint buzzing noise that originated from the florescent lights above broke the silence. Eli and Winston looked at each other. The coach's little smile made Eli feel a little ease from their previous awkwardness.

So much so that he lunged at Winston and gave him a kiss. He wrapped his arms around Winston's neck and didn't want to let go. He could feel Winston's powerful arms embracing him from behind. And this time, the coach didn't push him away. He let his student prolong their embrace for as long as he desired.

Eli's kiss didn't receive any interruptions at all. He let his secret out in the open yet again. This time, he didn't feel ashamed for it. He embraced Winston without fear.

When the kiss stopped, both student and coach looked at each other with newfound zealous eyes. Eli's heavy breathing matched the volume of Winston's own. This had become the first time they ever been this close to each other. Eli enjoyed their close interaction, and he wondered if Winston felt the same.

Winston whispered, "Fall to your knees."

Eli never felt so overjoyed. He obeyed his coach's command by standing on his knees. Winston's hips and legs came into view. Eli watched as the coach unzipped his pants.

He relied on Winston's baritone voice to feel reassured of their scenario. "Look at what I'm about to give you."

Eli could see Winston's cock emerging from its temporary hiding place. The player licked his lips. The fully erect machine looked better than expected. Its rough surface and amazing length prompted him to view it with glee. But from the back of his mind, an ounce of nervousness swelled to an unusual degree. Eli immediately looked away.

"Wait...this is my first time."

Winston smiled. "Don't feel afraid. You do trust me, don't you?"

Eli nodded.

Winston caressed the player's head with his slow-moving hand. "Don't fight it. Let me make your wish come true."

The hand that slid across his short black hair made Eli's nervousness shrink back to its original small size. He listened to Winston's authoritarian tone of voice as a way of accepting proper guidance for their new relationship.

Winston whispered, "Do it. And let me see you do it."

Eli looked back at the erect cock. Its majestic exterior brought back an ardent sensation in Eli's five senses. The silent delight that he created for himself made him grab the cock with his right hand. He opened his mouth wide and watched it move deep into him.

Everything had changed. It took a cock in his mouth to realize that his fascination with his coach led to their secret liaison in the locker room, all in the span of just two days. He didn't know how it happened, but he didn't care for the mechanics of the human mind. Science felt tedious compared to what transpired between him and his leader.

He felt the need to show his coach his true craving. So as the cock moved in and out of his mouth, he moved his tongue in all directions. He gave the cock a moister surface by sliding his tongue all around it.

Winston must have enjoyed it, because Eli could hear him whisper, "That's right...THAT is how it's done."

Winston used both hands to keep a firm grip on Eli's head. He pushed it deeper into his long cock, which made Eli salivate even more. The bulbous tip made it to end of Eli's throat. The young man almost choked every time it ventured deep inside his oral canal. He had trouble breathing a few times, but it didn't frighten him. The unfamiliar feeling kept his appetite for human skin strong.

Eli tried to say something, but Winston prevented him from saying it. "Just don't say anything. It'll be even better when you're quiet the entire time."

Eli listened to him and didn't say anything else. He waited for the eruption to take place inside him. This would be the first time he had engaged in this particular activity, and he eagerly awaited the outcome.

"Oh, I can feel it. It's going to happen."

The cock's constant thrust against his throat grew faster. Winston's firm grip on Eli's head grew tighter. The quickened pace almost made Eli a little uneasy regarding his position. He had to grab on to Winston's thighs to keep from losing control of his balance. He could feel the last few seconds of Winston's mechanism approaching. There would be nothing greater than to consume everything that Eli's coach could give him. Eli closed his eyes when the eruption would soon commence.

Winston stopped thrusting his cock. "Oh, here it comes!"

Before he knew it, Eli felt a batch of warm thick cum spilling out of Winston's shaft and flooding his entire mouth. Eli sucked the entire discharge off of the cock and swallowed it. He didn't care if the sweet saccharine flavor had been moderately tainted with a more bitter zest. He gulped down Winston's main ingredients until there was nothing left.

Winston breathed a sigh of relief. "You're good, you know that? You're really good."

He finally let go of Eli's head and pulled his cock out of his mouth. Eli took a deep breath after such a rigorous exercise. Despite ingesting all of it, he could feel the taste lingering in his mouth. He wiped away a small residue that stuck to his lower lip.

Winston zipped his pants back up and brought Eli back up to his feet.

"Don't feel so bad. You wanted it to happen."

Eli chuckled. "Of course, I don't feel bad. If I had to choose which dick to suck, it would have been yours."

They smiled at each other. Their most recent accomplishment had been one of their finest, at least in their perspectives. Eli gave him a kiss. Winston most likely didn't mind the smell of cum from Eli's mouth as he held his player tight and showed no remorse in extending their kiss. The tight embrace made Eli feel weak with everlasting ecstasy. No other method had ever brought him closer to his coach. This would be an advantage in the entirety of his senior year.

Winston whispered in his ear, "You leave first. Don't give the impression that we did something dirty."

Eli understood. He grabbed his backpack and said goodbye to his coach. He used the main exit to leave the building. As soon as he departed from the school, Eli looked around to see if anyone spotted him. Luckily, not a single pedestrian gave a look of suspicion. He sighed as he returned home. The taste in his mouth still didn't vanish. It was strange. A certain mix of sweet, sugary, and acidic elements had been combined with the result being a strong odor lingering in his oral cavity. He had to smack his lips a few times in order to keep the aroma weak while moistening the inside. Once he brushed his teeth, he continued to do his usual routines at home.

But his mind felt a little empty. He still didn't understand the origin of his attraction to his coach. A few minutes of thought produced nothing. He didn't give up just yet. He admired Winston very much, but he needed a good reason as to why his admiration took a radical turn in the locker room.

* * *

Friday night grew to be an exciting time on the basketball court. Kenwood's biggest rival, the Summerdale Jaguars, would soon take the stage and battle against the Firebirds. The attendance was full, with the spectators eagerly awaiting a suspenseful round.

Both teams still had fifteen minutes until the game would start. Eli made it into the locker room in time for the rest of the Firebirds to change into their respective attire. Their displayed their jerseys with natural pride. Competition for the high ranks would be fierce. The Firebirds would do anything to make it to the top of the charts.

The team gathered around for a little pep talk from Dylan, their star player. Eli, on the other hand, had different plans. He told the team that he would be right back and left the room. He made it outside just in time, too. The back of the building had been enveloped in darkness, with only the crescent moon and the distant fluorescent lights giving Eli a chance to spot the exact location of his coach.

And when he reached his destination, he said hello to Winston before they hid in the shadows. Their tight embrace wouldn't have been complete without their usual peck on the lips. Eli never felt so glad to see his coach again. Winston's aroma consisted of soap and shampoo for real men. His masculine scent made Eli want to kiss him even more. Their embrace had been hidden from view, thanks to not only the faint moonlight but a wall that kept anyone from watching them partake in their own private business. Eli could only hear the crickets chirping, which set the mood for their new favorite spot on campus.
