 I could just see his head as I walked along the path. I stopped several times when he disappeared but he always seemed to appear again just when I thought he was gone. I kept walking ever closer until I got to the point where I could see more of him. He was leaning against a fallen tree trunk, holding himself by out stretched arms. Bent at the waist, his legs were wide apart, his ass was stuck out and his hands were holding his cheeks open. I moved closer. What a sight! A grown man, naked, at least from the waist down, showing off his hole, inviting someone, anyone, to come and fuck it.

I looked around and not seeing anyone, I moved in closer, reaching out to touch him. He moaned at my touch but didn't look at me. My hand moved down and I ran a finger up the length of his crack. Again he moaned and pushed against my finger a little. I moved into him and rubbed my cock that was bulging out in the front of my pants, against him and he moaned again. 

Raising himself up a bit, he reached around to rub my cock through my pants. As he rubbed me, I undid them and let them slide down over my knees, exposing my bare hard cock, which he immediately grabbed. Moaning again, he started to rub up and down my length, pumping it and pulling on it to make it harder. I didn't think I could get any harder but he continued for a few more minutes. Finally he stopped and turned half ways towards me.

"Put your hard cock inside me," he whispered hoarsely. "I want to feel you inside me, fucking me."

With that he turned around to face the tree trunk again and bent over, spreading his cheeks. I moved into him and my head touched his hole. He moaned even louder this time as I worked at entering him slowly.

"Push it inside me hard," he whispered. "Push it in all the way."

I pushed a little harder and popped inside him easily. Soon I was all the way up his canal, my balls resting against the back of his thighs. We stood still for a moment then he wiggled his ass and again asked me to fuck him.

"Fuck me hard," he said. "I want to feel your balls slap against me every time your cock slides up into me. Yeah that's it, push it all the way inside me."

I started to thrust a little faster as he moaned under me and held himself open. 

"Faster and harder," he extorted me. "Harder!"

I started pumping faster and the sound of my balls smacking him with each thrust seemed to be getting louder and louder. After another few thrusts, I felt my cock twitch. I stopped and waited for the feeling to subside. As I did I heard the rustling of clothes behind me then a hand touched my bare ass. I jumped and quickly looked around.

Behind me was another man, his pants down around his ankles, his hard cock pointing right at my ass as he spread my cheeks and ran a finger up and down my crack, stopping only to push against my opening.

"I've never," I started to say but he stopped me.

"Don't worry. You'll love it," he said as he moved closer, pushing me forward, bending over the back of the man under me.

I felt his cock at my opening then a small quick jab of pain as his head popped through into me. I gritted my teeth as he slowly pushed his length up into me all the while my cock was pushing up into the hole under me. I had never imagined what a cock would feel like inside me, or even what it would feel like to fuck someone in the ass but now I was finding out both sensations at the same time. 

"Fuck me," I whispered over my shoulder. "I want your cock deep inside me, please."

The cock hit the end of my canal and I moaned this time. Starting slowly, I felt the head slide down my canal, scrapping the sides of it as it came out of me. Then he thrust it quickly back up into me. I gasped at the feeling as he continued slowly pulling out of me before thrusting back up into me. Again and again, he fucked me with hard thrusts. I was enjoying the feeling so much I forgot about the man under me until he wiggled his ass again.

"Fuck me while he fucking you," he said. "Fill me every time he fills you with his hard cock."

I started pumping his ass again while the cock inside me filled my canal over and over again. There I was, sandwiched between two men and loving every feeling my body was experiencing. We worked out a rhythm between the two of us and worked in sync as we continued fucking in that forest. Finally I felt his cock twitch and he came, spurting hot come deep inside me as he moaned and ground himself against my cheeks. I came soon afterward and filled the ass under me with a hot load of come. I felt the cock inside me pull slowly out of me and come dripped off it and down the back of my legs. I pulled myself out of the ass in front of me and turned around to thank the man who had fucked me but he was already striding out of the forest and out of earshot. I turned to the other man in front of me and he smiled and thanked me for fucking him. 

"You felt so good inside me," he said. "Anytime you want to fuck me again, I'm here almost every day."

With that he pulled his pants up and left me standing there, my pants still around my ankles, my cock wet and softening. As I watched the man disappear, I saw another head coming towards me. I watched the man come closer as he was watching me too. I didn't move as he came right up to me and grabbed my cock.

"Umm, you feel so good," he said as he moved into me, his face inches from mine. "Your cock feels so good soft, I bet it feels even better hard."

He leaned even closer and I could smell his breath against my face. Suddenly, his hand went around my neck and he pulled my face towards him and our lips met. He groaned a little as our lips melted into each other, our tongues working to open each other lips. I sucked on his tongue as he pumped my cock, which was now hard and getting harder. He leaned back and looked at me.

"I bet you love to fuck men. I bet your cock feels good inside a hot canal. Do you want to fuck me or do you want to be fucked?"

Without hesitation, I answered. "Both."

He quickly undid his pants and lowered them. Moving over to lean against the tree trunk, he spread his cheeks apart and looked at me over his shoulder.

"Put that cock inside me now," he commanded. "I want to feel your whole hard length inside me. I want to feel you slide that hard cock in and out of me until you fill me with your hot come."

I quickly entered him and started fucking him with hard, fast strokes, hitting the end of his canal every time I thrust fully up into him. He grunted and groaned as he pushed back against my thrusts until I started coming inside him. My cock spurted hot come deep inside him over and over again as he pushed even harder against me, holding me against him with his arms around my thighs.

"Fuck, that felt good," he gasped as I slowly popped out of him. "I bet you ass hole feels just as good as your cock inside me does."

We changed places and his cock plowed into me. Not wanting to waste any time, he fucked me with long, hard, fast strokes, filling my canal every time with his thick cock. When he came, I couldn't help but groan a little at the feeling of his hot come warming my hole, deep inside me. He slid out of me and his come ran down my legs, pooling on top of my pants. I didn't care because it felt so good to have a hard cock deep inside my ass that nothing else mattered.

I watched him disappear too amongst the branches and leaves. I didn't see anyone else around and I waited for quite a long time before pulling my pants up. My ass twitched a little as the cloth covered it and I could still feel the wetness in my crack as I made my way out of the forest. I knew I'd be back though. I enjoy the outdoors and now there was something else to enjoy along with it.