 I always try to get out to exercise while I am traveling for work. This is typically done by getting in light runs. It also the added benefit of helping me get familiar with the place I am visiting. Work brought me to upstate New York this one particular week...

First though, a little about me. I am a pretty fit, married, 35 year old, just over 6 foot, 180 pounds, toned and mostly smooth. I have a decent sized dick , at 7 inches. It's cut and thick. My wife loves it.

After finishing up for the day at a client's office, I went back to the hotel and showered quickly figuring I could get in a run before dinner. I had noticed that there was a trailhead on Erie Canal about a mile from the hotel. I had never seen the canal and was interested to see if it was still active and was just generally curious about it. I decided that would be my run.

I got to the small parking area and checked out the map. There was a decent 4 mile run I could get in, so off I went. The canal was mostly deserted. Nothing much happening. I passed a couple of people walking, not too many. In retrospect, I now realize they were all middle-aged men. I was getting a little bored and found a little detour off the concrete walkway that was along the canal. It went up a small knoll and twisted into the woods, off I went.

I had only traveled a few hundred yards when I heard some commotion off to my left in the woods. I stopped to listen. I thought maybe there was an animal or something and wanted to be prepared to blast out of there, if I had to. The sound was voices but they didn't sound quite human. Then I realized, oh my god, they're fucking. I had to check this out. I crept as quietly as I could down the little side path that led toward the sounds. The closer I got the harder my cock was getting. The voyeur in me was quite aroused. I crept as low and slow as I could, given the boner I was sporting. I was finally at a point where I could see what was happening through some low bushes. Hiding there I was quite surprised to be seeing in full side profile, a younger man on his knees bobbing up and down on a slightly older man's cock. The cock was impressive and the older guys was grinding his cock deep into this other guys throat. Really give him a good fucking. With each thrust in, the younger guy let out this guttural noise, which is what I first heard. 

I had almost had a man on man encounter in college, a friend of a friend and I ended up walking back to the dorm together after a night of drinking. We were both admittedly very horny and had struck out with the ladies. We had stopped in a alley to take a piss. We were eyeing each others cocks and very close to touching one another's cocks in that alley when we were spooked by a passing pedestrian. Why this would came back to me now and stiffened my cock to full readiness, I can only assume.

Just at this point I heard a stick snap behind me. It was the kind of stick snapping noise that almost always has a person attached to it. I spun around and there was a pretty big guy standing only a foot or two from me with his cock in hand. He was smiling and stroking the length of it, while I, in my crouch at perfect cock sucking level, couldn't stop looking at it. Inadvertently, I licked my lips because they were dry. However, that was the signal this giant man was waiting for. He stepped forward and wanked his semi-hard monster of a cock in my face. "Take it", he said. "Suck on my cock". I tried to stand but he put his meaty hand on my shoulder, so I stayed at cock sucking level. 

I started to explain that I wasn't here for that and that I has only stumbled across these other two guys and was watching. It sounded crazy as I listened to myself. I was talking fast and probably too loud, because now the other two had stopped their activity and were coining over to where we were. 

Now I was surrounded. On one side there was this giant with a monster cock aimed at my face and now on the other side, two other guys moving quickly toward me with their dicks wagging at me and me still at cock sucking level. There was a quick conversation between the standing members of this little party that ended up with them deciding that whoever I was and whatever I was doing there, my hard cock was telling them all they needed to know and this would end up with me sucking their dicks and likely one or two of them fucking me. They suggested that I chose which one I wanted to start with. I wanted to run. I wanted to stay. I stayed.

They pulled my shirt off and were impressed with my body. "A proper twink fuck" said the large man. "Get your shorts off too" said the face fucker.

I am on my knees, in my underwear with three raging cocks pointed at me. I started sucking the monster first. It filled my mouth semi hard and I had to keep rolling my tongue under it as it moved in and out of my mouth filling my throat. As I was doing my best to swallow the monster, the younger guy had started kissing my chest and moving his kisses down my belly toward my raging hard cock. He worked my underwear down and off. Maybe I wouldn't have to suck his cock after all.

The face faker was tapping his rock hard cock on my face and the side of my head while I was trying to get all of the monster in my mouth. Monster would occasionally thrust deep into my throat, I had to try really hard not to gag and puke. My eyes were watering as he grasped my head and tried to impale my head on his now fully hard cock. He released my head for just a moment before face fucker picked up where monster had left off. Face fucker likes to taunt his victims while he was shoving his cock down their throats. "Suck my cock you dirty cock slut", he would say. "you want to get fucked don't you?" I didn't but I couldn't articulate that. Now my cock was being serviced by the younger guy. It felt incredible. Monster was playing with my ass, moving his thick fingers in and out. I moaned without intending to. Again, I had sent a signal to monster without really knowing I was doing so. 

While face fucker was working my mouth and throat, monster was now working two fingers in and out of my ass. He was using his saliva to lube and loosen me up. He pulled the younger guy off my cock and had him licking and sucking his cock getting it ready to invade my virgin asshole. Monster positioned me on all fours. My ass pointed up and ready to yield, the face fucker was on his knees so he could still access my mouth and the younger guy had now moved onto his back with his mouth now licking my balls and sucking on the root of my cock.

I could feel monster starting to push on the opening of my ass. My mouth was full of face fuckers cock, younger guys was working up and down my cock with his hot tongue and I accidentally moaned again. Monster heard and plunged. I couldn't move. My sphincter muscle was contracting and stopped him from sliding all the way in. It hurt but I couldn't say a word. Monster just hung out there slowly inching in and out until my sphincter yielded. His cock slide all the way in. I felt so full, I thought I was going to break apart. I then realized, this guy is fucking me with no protection. Again face fucker is still pounding my throat while my dick is getting tongue-teased by the younger guy.

Monster was now working up a pace and was humping my ass with abandon. He pulled out occasionally to lube or maybe to keep from cumming. This went on for what seemed like hours but was probably three or four minutes. I felt him tense and push deep inside of me. I could feel his hot cum. It felt like a quart. He stayed inside of me for a little while after he came, his cock softened and he pulled it out. He patted my ass and complimented me, I think. I was actually still quite busy with face fucker. This guy seemed to be able to last forever. Monster said to face fucker, "your turn, sloppy seconds". Face fucker stopped reaming my throat and positioned himself at my freshly creamed and stretched ass. He slid his rigid cock right in. 

Now is verbal abuse was directed at what a "sloppy fucking whore I was". He went right to town burying his cock to the hilt up my ass. He grabbed my hips and tried to pull himself impossibly deeper into me. The younger guy had abandoned pleasuring my cock and was now taking his turn fucking my face. This went on for a little while. Face fucker cummed in my ass and younger guy was goaded into fucking me as well. They left me there crumpled into a pile, my running shorts shirt and underwear tossed to the ground beside me, behind my spying bush. They left me with the advice that unless I wanted another crew to find me like this and have their own go at my ass, that I should get my clothes back on and get back onto the concrete walkway.

I laid there for a while and I did finally hear someone coming through the woods. I smiled a cum whore's smile and moaned a little so I could be found.