 It was one of those early Spring days when you wonder if the sun really is going to break through the mist and warm up the beach enough to allow for a little tanning. Having just returned from a trip to Palm Springs my tan was fading and I was going through a bout of natural light depravation. I decided to take my chances and head to the nude beach about 20 miles out of town. With it being the middle of the week I knew the river wouldn't be drawing much of a crowd; even if the sun did break through.

I was a little disappointed there were no other cars in the parking lot as I pulled in. I grabbed my backpack and headed down the trail to my usual spot. When I got to the bottom of the hill, and passed the "clothing optional" warning signs, I rested my pack on a boulder and quickly removed my clothes. Just the freedom of being nude in the woods put a little rise in my cock. With my recently shed attire stuffed into my bag I headed to the lagoon and the sandy beach that provided a sunny location all afternoon.

At the beach I spread out my towel and retrieved a tube of sunscreen from my bag. Rubbing the lotion into my skin became a sensual act with the sun warming my entire body. I found myself spending a little extra time massaging the liquid into my ass crack and across my twitching hole. I turned to face the sun and gave my throbbing prick a little extra attention as I lubed it up with sun protection as well. Sufficiently greased up, I positioned myself on my back on the towel and drifted off into a dream filled sleep.

Subconsciously I heard the crack of a downed branch breaking somewhere in the woods. Years or coming to this particular site made me aware I had nothing to fear and was probably just being joined by another sunworshipper. A little groggy from my nap, I looked across the lagoon and could vaguely see, through my polarized lenses, the figure of another nude form across the way. He appeared to be keeping in the shadows of the trees in an attempt to remain hidden. What did surprise me was the reflection of the sun off what was obviously the lens of a camera or camcorder. The possibility of being watched by my unknown visitor caused my cock to jerk and begin to expand. The exhibitionist in me was awakening.

Pretending that I was unaware of the presence of another man, I stood and turned with my ass in his direction. I bent over to get the sun lotion out of the backpack giving him a great view of my smooth tan butt. I slowly began to apply the white cream all over my body. For the lotion to completely disappear it required a great deal of rubbing into the skin. My hands glided over the globes of my ass and into the crack between them. My asshole was exposed to the sun as I bent over to caress the fluid into the skin of my calves. The meat between my legs continued to grow as the combination of my hands, the sun and the lotion titillated the senses of my entire body. When I felt I'd spent enough time on my backside Ð without being too obvious Ð I turned around and exposed the front of my body to the voyeur in the woods. My cock was sticking nearly straight out and had grown to most of its eight-inch length. I decided I would leave my attention of it to the end of my performance, heightening the anticipation of the unknown cameraman and myself. I quickly ran my sunscreen-covered hands over my butch-cut head, across my face and down my neck. Years of working out had produced a nice set of pecs on my form. I squirted a glob of lotion onto my chest and slowly started kneading it into my flesh. The excitement of the moment had caused my nipples to become erect and I spent extra time rubbing the whiteness off of them. I teased myself with a couple good tweaks to each hard stub and a shot of electricity ran directly down my body causing my cock to stand at attention. I paid a great deal of attention to the application of the tan lotion to my stomach, brushing my hands down into my trimmed pubic bush and barely touching my stiff prick. Bending over to coat the front of my legs, I found my cock resting in the crevasse of my pecs. With the rocking motion of rubbing the lotion on my lower legs it was if I was titty-fucking myself.

With my legs sufficiently protected, I stood and with a hand full of cream began to pay attention to my pulsing cock. I first covered my shaved balls with lotion, rubbing and tugging them to work the whiteness into the wrinkled skin. As I did so, my cock slapped back and forth onto my stomach with a noise I'm sure the guy across the water could hear in the quiet of the woods. When I felt as if I was going to blast a load I stopped massaging my balls and began to coat my cock with the sunscreen. I ran my hand up and down the shaft, squeezing with an ever-tightening grip. With each stroke the pearl of precum oozing from the slit at its tip grew larger. Finally, not wanting to waste the tasty nectar, I caught the clear fluid with a finger on my other hand and brought it to my mouth. I may have imagined it, but I thought I heard a slight moan from across the way.

My performance had become quite long by this time so I sat down on my towel, positioning myself with my legs up and spread wide for my audience. The sun shining on my asshole added to the wetness and warmth I could feel between my legs. I continued the constant stroking of my prick and began to roughly tweak my nipples to add to the pleasure pulsing through my body. I lowered my hand to my crotch and formed a tight cockring around my balls and shaft with my thumb and forefinger. Doing so caused the large veins in my cock to pop out, creating more sensitivity as my fist pounded over them. My cock felt as if it was the hardest it had ever been. It was then I stretched a finger toward my wet asshole and twirled it around the silky opening. My balls were pulled up tight to my body and churning with juices.

Lost in my own world of sexual and sensual pleasure I had nearly forgotten for whom my performance was directed. It startled me to glance across the river inlet and see my audience no longer in the shadows of the trees. Standing at the water's edge was an incredibly handsome nude man. Well, almost nude. The only thing he was wearing was a pair of Doc Martins. The sun glistened off his totally shaved head and sparkled when it hit the nipple ring piercing his clean-shaven chest. The camcorder he held in one hand blocked most of his face. His other hand was wrapped around a hard shiny cock that looked sizeable even at a distance. It was somewhat hypnotizing to be watching someone jerking off as he filmed me giving myself so much pleasure. I continued to pound my cock and tease my asshole as I stared directly into the lens of the man's camera.

I loosened the grip around my balls, allowing my finger the freedom to enter the cavity of my ass. By continuing the circular motion of my finger, wave after wave of pleasure coursed through my prick. I could feel myself getting closer to the spewing of a massive load. I never took my eyes off the camera as my sweaty body tensed toward a final release. Suddenly, a blast of cum shot from my cock and hit me under my chin. It was followed by several squirts of hot liquid that arced over my chest and stomach. Across the water the cameraman tensed as he shot a load into the water. Realizing the camera was still on me I began to rub my cum into the tan skin of my torso. Slowly, I brought my hand to my mouth and licked the remainder of my load off my fingers.

Only then did the man at the river's edge put his camera down to his side, give me a thumb's up and head back into the shadows of the woods.