 If you want to get to the action direct go to the 69 otherwise read on... 

This can be more like a diary since stories that are real have a different appeal.

I am strange, reason I say this is because I get off on GIVING pleasure more than receiving. When I make a girl moan and shiver with climax; I am at the highest level of my ecstasy. It is a weird wiring I have in my head that I am certain that we all share in some form. Aah! Women, who I love to give all kinds of orgasms...since they have a variety. At times I feel like the orgasm champion...LOL, I don't meant to boast or sound egotistical, but after when they all tell you about the mind-blowing orgasm they have had, many being their first, it is only a matter of time before one starts owning it.. And since guys are so easy to please, that is what draws me there, also the whole taboo and different aspect of the whole thing. 

One evening, I was sitting at home, with a raging hard-on, and really horny. I could have called my sexbuddy but she was out of town, so I resorted to something else. I went online and found an ad a married guy looking for some release. I sent him a mail and he responded, we decided to meet. He was older than me and I was only 20 at the time horny as hell. Masturbating on average 4 times a day.He said that his wife was home and if we could meet in the car and would pick me up in twenty minutes at the corner of the street. I felt kind of dirty about all this but he was a married guy and wasn't getting much at home for whatever reason it made me do comfortable. 

69

So I stood there smoking a cigarette and he drove his car up and parked, turned off his lights and tapped his brakes, this was my cue. I walked over to the car real slow my stomach was fluttering with nervousness... and excitement. I went over and got in. He said hi semed like a nice guy.We drove around for a bit to find a parking lot. We spoke a little he told me how nervous he was and I told him that I was too which helped us relax. I reached over and grabbed his cock while he was still driving; he almost lost control of the wheel and gasped. I started massaging it through his jeans till found an alley and parked. Both of us paused for a second listening to our heavy breathing in the darkness. This was so taboo, by social standards and risky since we were out in the open; and that made it a really exciting. 

I unzipped him and put my hand on his bare cock, it was soft and spongy and slowly started filling up in my hand. I pulled off my hand just enough so he could pull down his pant.His hard cock sprung out, and throbbed. It was about seven inches. I squeezed some lotion on my hand and started stroking him slowly. He was breathing really heavy and his hand grabbed my own swelling member. His cock now got lubed with lotion and more precum which made it really wet, it was hard and throbbing in my hand as I slowly moved up and down over it. While our little talk on the way before he parked he said how his wife wouldn't give him a blowjob*. I was only going to give him a hand job at first, but something made me go further, I reached into my pocket and pulled out a rubber and I said, "Put this on". He rolled it over his penis. My heart was racing; I was intoxicated by this whole experience. I leaned over from my seat and lowered my head down; opened my mouth and slowly started taking his cock in while licking around the hard shaft. He reached over and started stroking me. After licking it and sucking on it lightly I opened my mouth and took his whole cock in, it touched the back of my throat; I closed my lips over the base and started sucking with my mouth as I lay my head in his lap motionless. A car drove by and this made my heart stop ;I got an adrenaline rush. The lights went by and soon as it got dark I started sucking on his prick, bobbing my head up and down hitting the head to my throat every time. With my hand I massaged his balls. he pulled my head off him. "I am going to cum if you keep this up!" was all he said. I rested back on my seat with my head spinning: enjoying this overdose of lust. I let him stroke me for a few minutes and lowered my head again sucking and licking hard, for some reason I wanted him to grab my head and fuck my mouth, but he was a nice guy and said " wow this is amazing man, I feel really good" It made me comfortable and I was bobbing my head on his cock. I reached down and played with his ass, all he could do was shiver and moan. I knew he was close now, and I started licking his cock as I moved it in and out of my mouth faster slurping on his dick.He let out a small grunt and his whole body shivered and buckled up and down as he came. I kept sucking him till he was finished.

*I asked him if he gave his wife oral sex and he said no. My advice to him was to eat her out every time they had sex and eventually she will start doing the same, and I stick to this since it works!

That was pretty much it, I came back dizzy and super horny jacked off number of times that night..