 Most people who explore their bisexual side will have different reasons for doing it and why they decided to try it. I cannot even begin to explain why I tried it and to this day, many years later I am still unable give a reasonable explanation of why I started. I think it was the need to explore and try new things, but then it might just be nature or the way I am.

My experiments had started by visiting a gay sauna. Over perhaps a two year period, I had 'met' guys there and done most things. I had been wanked numerous times and had returned such favours to probably ten or so guys. I had moved onto kissing and mutual massage before getting into oral both ways. I had not though been fucked nor had I fucked anyone. Also I had not been on a date, been picked up or seduced or been with anyone other than a gay masseur outside the sauna.

That all changed about six years ago when I was visiting family in the north of England. Kelly, my wife of just over twenty years couldn't travel with me and I ended up going alone. I guessed that she would take advantage of the open nature of our marriage to get herself fucked by one of her several admirer. We both knew that the other played away from home, but we never discussed it.

It was late afternoon when I arrived after my three and a bit hours' drive. I said my hello's to my aunt and uncle with who I was staying. I went up to the spare room and unpacked my clothes and went downstairs for a meal which my aunt had prepared for me, after the meal we chit chatted about family for a while before I went back upstairs for a shower.

I stripped off in the bathroom and admired myself in the mirror; I have often been told that I am fairly good looking, but continually need and seek reassurance. I stood looking at my six feet frame which was quite trim and my, more than six, but not quite seven inches of thick cock between my legs. 'Not bad' I thought to myself rather arrogantly. 

I got into the antiquated shower, making a mental note to pay for them to have new one. After all they had as good as raised me after my parents split up. The warm water cascaded down my body; after my long drive it was just what I wanted. I washed myself all over especially my groin which had become very hot and sweaty during the drive, I soaped over my cock and balls to the extent that I was becoming aroused, although I quickly snapped out of it when my aunt came into the bathroom to bring some fresh towels in for me.

I dried off in my room and looked what to wear. It was only a Wednesday night so I put on blue jeans, quite tight ones and an equally tight, white Polo shirt; I left all three buttons undone. Although probably a little old for them I sipped on a pair of white canvas Converse shoes and headed downstairs.

"Hey James want a date" my aunt shouted.

"I wouldn't be able to stay the pace," I joked with my seventy-five year old aunt.

"I bet you could you randy bugger," she replied. "Look we go to bed early so here's a key for you to get in," she said as she pressed the key into my hand.

"Thanks I'll try not to wake you both up" I replied. "I doubt I will late in this forlorn hole of a town.

"You will be surprised how much it has changed in the past few years" my uncle said as she smiled sweetly and I headed through the front door.

The house that I had bought for them was near to the town centre so I had plenty of pubs to choose from. It was nearly nine so I only had a couple of hours to have a few beers. I went round a few of the pubs around the town centre and had to agree with my aunt they had changed. They were no longer the old fashioned boozers I remembered, but were smart and modern, with music and most served food.

The pubs started closing around eleven so feeling ok and not tired after the long drive I decided I would go to a club for a few more drinks, the fact I was wearing trainers didn't help and I was turned away at 2 clubs because of this, I was just about to head back to my aunts when I noticed some lights down a side street, I went down to have a look and there was a doorman stood outside so I figured it was a night club and I headed towards it.

I got to the door and the doorman put his arm across the door. 'Oh great another fucking club with a no trainers rule,' I thought. I looked at the doorman who said. "You know this is a gay club mate?"

Before I could sink this into my brain I just answered. "Yeah I do," and without further ado, the doorman moved his arm away and I went inside.

By accident I had been to a couple of gay clubs in New York and by intent a couple of bars in Brewer and Old Compton Street in London's Soho and had generally enjoyed myself. Although I had no intention of 'doing anything' I was, more and more nowadays becoming attracted to bi ideas! As I walked in my aunt's description of the City centre struck home to me.

The place was smart and well decorated and furnished. It was a cellar bar with a flight of stairs down into the club. At the bottom there was a reception desk with a pretty girl behind it.

"That will ten pounds please" she said with a smile. I gave her a tenner and she breathed. "Thanks, if you need anything, just let me know," as she looked very suggestively and almost invitingly into my eyes.

As I looked around the club taking in the long, narrow, bar at the far end and a dance floor in the middle with tables set for four and six and a few banquettes along one side, I wondered whether she might be a tranny. I didn't like to ask! I noticed that there were shelves on each wall and wondered what they for?

I wandered up to the bar and got myself a drink. I sat on one of the empty bar stools and I turned round so I was facing the club. As I sipped my vodka I checked out the action round the club.

Standing near me and off to one side from the bar were three guys who looked to be in their early twenties. Two of them had dark hair and were dressed casually like me and the third guy had blonde hair and was wearing a white shirt with a dark blue suit. They must have seen me looking at them as one the dark haired guys smiled and raised his glass to me. I smiled back.

All three of them wondered over and the dark haired guy who had smiled at me said.

"Hi I've not seen you in here before."

"I'm just visiting the area, I have never been here before," I replied. He smiled again as he looked me up and down and making eye contact, I felt quite wanted and that was nice for a totally insecure, mixed up person like me.

They talked mostly amongst themselves, but they involved me in the conversation occasionally, I went to the bar for another drink and when I returned only the blonde guy was there, he moved closer to me and rested his hand rather possessively on my bare arm just beneath my elbow. When I did not object, he turned so he was facing me with our chests almost touching and ran his hand down my arm and onto the back of my hand. It was freakily arousing.

I was starting to get turned on just by his touching me.

"I have to go to the toilet," I said and headed off across the room. Standing at the urinals, it was only moments before the blonde guy came in and stood next to me. Taking his cock out, he made sure I got a good look at it.

"Can I give you a lift back to where you are staying?" he asked.

"I'm not that far away," I answered. He looked right into my eyes at me and moved his hand away for me to see his cock again. He was big.

"So you wanna lift," he said with a smile.

"Ok," I replied.

"Meet me outside the club in five minutes," he said as he left the toilet.

As I stood outside the club I was questioning why I was going through with this, I was in two minds about it, one saying go now and the other saying let's do it. He pulled up in his Audi and opened passenger door. I got in and we drove off 

"So where are you staying?" he asked.

"Near Jackson Road," I replied.

"Really there's no hotels round there."

As we drove the less than two miles I explained that I was staying with my aunt. 

"I know a nice quiet place round there," he said, looking sideways at me, smiling again and adding. "Where we can er, um talk?"

We drove for a couple of minutes before he turned into a small industrial estate, mainly made up of warehouses. It was dark and deserted. Turning a few corners making me realise he had been here before he turned the car into a narrow roadway about two to three hundred yards long. Driving to the end he did a three point turn, and reversed the car right into a corner, bordered by two buildings and switched off the engine

Turning to face me, he slid his arm along the back of my seat and said. "You can see anyone approaching for miles here James."

"Yes," I gulped realising that I had taken many women, hookers included into such places.

His hand dropped onto my shoulder as I turned towards him. 'This was it now' I was thinking. 'I am about to break new ground, but wondered just how much ground was about to broken?

I didn't have to wait long for he leaned over further and enveloped my lips with is. I surprised myself by how quickly I accepted his advance and how soon I was into being snogged by a bloke. We kissed opened mouthed with our tongues exploring each other's mouth. His hand moved to my knee and slid upwards until the side of it was against my bulge, which was, of course, getting larger by the moment. He felt it through my jeans and rubbed me there for a few moments as we continued kissing. Then surprisingly he broke the kiss.

"Hold on," he whispered fiddling under my seat that he moved back wards until I was nearly horizontal. He removed his jacket and shirt and then half perching on the centre console he began to undo my jeans. With my belt and zip undone and with no further ceremony he pulled them and my underpants down to my ankles.

"No Carl, we can't here."

"Yes we can, if anyone comes we will see them for ages and we just drive off."

"You don't mean naked do you?" I asked feeling surprised and probably sounding quite naïve, but then I was.

Holding my rigid cock in his hand he bent forward so that his mouth could reach my cock.

"Not unless you particularly want to be," he grinned licking the length of my cock and sliding his hand inside my Polo shirt and pinching my nipple.

His mouth was then onto my cock sucking it hard and licking it gently. He used his lips, tongue, teeth and fingers on me sending shudders of extreme sexual delight through me. He would break off from using his mouth to wank me firmly before returning to suck like I have never been sucked before.

I could feel myself ready to cum and placed my hands on his head which was a sign for him to remove my cock as I was not wearing a condom. He took it another way and he sucked harder, then I felt myself shooting into his mouth, he licked my cock making sure he got every drop.

"Mmmmm James that was lovely, you really are a fucking sexy tart aren't you?"

"You can talk Carl, you did it" I smiled.

"Yes luv, but you let me."

"Touche" I said as he slumped back into the driver's seat with my cum still on his mouth.

He undid his pants and slid them down to reveal his hard cock which was nicely proportioned. He put his seat back down the same as mine and I knew what my job was now, that he confirmed with.

"Your turn now James."

It seemed perfectly natural to lean over and take hold of his cock and put my mouth over it. Holding his balls, I slid it in and began to suck. I sensed he might be able to tell I had never done this before, but the more I sucked the more he started to moan; while I had been fairly quiet as he fellated me he was very much the opposite.

"Oh yes that's it suck it hard for me; make me cum," he moaned as my mouth moved quickly over his stiff cock, his hands were now on the back of my head as he pushed my head even further onto him.

"Yes that's it taste it, taste you dirty tart," he shouted as I felt his body stiffen and my mouth felt his warm cum filling it, I thought I might choke ,but I managed to just swallow it like a natural and I finished off by licking his wet cockhead before lying back down.

We lay there for about five minutes and then another car pulled into the road. As Carl had said we had plenty of time to pull our trousers up and innocently as we could drive off. He dropped me near to my aunt's house. I have never seen him again, not that I had any inclination to do so.