 I stood at the door for a few moments to let my eyes adjust to the light. The middle aged woman pointed toward her office. She told me to wait in there. I was scared. I thought about running up the stairs. The footpath was crowded. I could escape into the crowd. I hesitated. My semi-hard cock was still bulging in my damp jeans. I was worried about more people witnessing my embarrassment.

I asked her what she wanted. She replied that she just wanted to talk to me, nothing bad would happen to me.

I walked into her office and left the door open. There were two small desks and a collection of mismatched chairs. One of the desks had a mobile phone and a laptop on it. A few bills and letters were randomly strewn across the top of a filing cabinet. The carpet was an awful shade of green. I sat on a chair just inside the door. 

I waited for a couple of minutes. I watched the woman talking to another, much younger, woman who took her place at the door. The middle aged woman poked her head into the office. She told me that she would be a little while so I should make myself comfortable.

I moved to a more solid chair and waited. I looked around the room and noticed that there was a door in the far corner. I went over and opened it. It was a small changing room. A couple of old towel hung on rails next to a grubby shower recess. There were half a dozen metal lockers with names scrawled across them in marking pen. One had a flower drawn near the bottom.

As I turned around the woman walked into the office. She looked me up and down. I tried to hide my wet spot by standing behind a chair which made her smile. She looked about forty. She was wearing a grey business suit with black shoes. Her dark hair was up in a bun. She walked over to the desk with the computer. She turned to face me and half sat on the office chair next to it. She crossed her legs and leaned forward.

"Don't worry, you're not in trouble," she said quietly "That sort of thing happens all the time here. That's why men like Steve come here." Her gaze fell on the pile of paper on the other desk.

"So why do you want to talk to me?" I said, trying to sound mature but I could hear the tension in my voice.

"It's hard to say." she said as her eyes met mine "To be honest, I'm not sure. Men come here to have fun. Single men, married men, old men, young men...they all want to have a good time. They watch strippers, they get drunk, some go into the back room and watch porn. They pull their own cocks. Sometimes they pull each other. Sometimes they take a woman back there."

"So?" I asked when she paused for breath. I thought that I could detect a hint of a European accent.

"So," she said as she looked away "sometimes they pay for a woman. I have a couple of girls who look after these things. They pay me a percentage of what the men pay them."

"Why are you telling me this?" I stood up as I spoke. "Just because I gave Steve a hand job doesn't mean I want to do it again."

"That's why I'm not sure what to say to you" as she spoke she stood up and took a step toward the door. "Do you have a job?"

I shook my head.

"Do you want one?" she asked as she walked to the doorway.

"I'm not a prostitute!" I cried as I took a step toward the door.

"I know you're not," she whispered as she stepped in front of me. She smiled as she put her hand under my chin in a motherly gesture, "You're not a whore, you're not even a slut. You're just another young guy trying to be a man." She dropped her hand and walked back to the desk.

"So?" I asked again. I was too stunned to say anything else. I watched her sit down. She seemed to have fair sized breasts but it was hard to tell through the shirt and jacket. She crossed her legs again before she spoke.

"So," she shrugged her shoulders before continuing "we have some work. We are looking for someone to do some cleaning, a bit of organising and maybe a bit behind the bar. Are you interested?"

"I am, but" I paused to walk back to my chair "what hours and how much? I don't have a car but I live near the train station. Would I have to give hand jobs?" I tried to sound calm but I was starting to panic. 

The idea of working in a strip club had its appeal but what would I say to Dad? What if I had to have sex with ugly old men? Steve was all right but some of the men in the bar were past their use by date.

"Don't be scared." She reached for a pen as she spoke "Only do what you want to. Our customers know that 'No' is 'NO!"

"Money?" I demanded firmly, trying to sound adult.

She wrote some numbers on a bit of paper and handed it to me. I looked at it. She had written 10am to 6.30pm. Tuesday to Friday. $20 per hour. 

"That's your contract" she laughed as she uncrossed her legs and leaned forward on the chair. "If you want to start today that's fine. You clocked on when you came in with Steve so I already owe you thirty bucks. If you want the job."

"What about lunch breaks?" I realised how stupid the question was when it left my mouth.

"Lunch?" She laughed "Lunch, whenever, whatever! And you can have a couple of drinks on the house with it! But only a couple, OK?"

She reached across and offered her hand. I did the same and we shook on it.

"You got yourself a job!" she smiled. She turned back to pile of bills.

"What should I do now?" I asked.

"You've already had lunch." She shook her head as she spoke to me "Go into the bar, find a pen and make a list of all the booze under the counter. Bring it to me when you're done and I'll show you what to do next..."

I wandered back into the bar. I briefly spoke to the woman on door duty. She couldn't have cared less about me but I found out that her name was Rose as I managed to get a small note pad and a biro from the collection of stationary on her desk. I strode across the near empty bar and ducked down behind the counter. It was a mess.

There looked to be about 30 brands of spirits but there was no order. There were was up to six bottles of each brand but they weren't in rows. Most of them had more than one bottle open of the same stuff. It took me nearly an hour to put them in some kind of order. I combined the opened ones so that each brand only had one that was less than full. When I was finally confident that I knew exactly what we had I headed back to the office.

As I walked down the hall I brushed past the Barmaid who had offered her tits to Steve earlier that day. She winked and pretended to lunge at my groin. Back in the office my new boss was nowhere to be seen. I put the bar inventory next to the phone. For lack of anything else to do I decided to clean the change room. 

When I opened the door I was surprised to find a man standing in the shower recess. He was naked and had one hand on the hot water tap. His clothes were draped over the top of the lockers. He looked at me, apparently as surprised as I was.

"I was about to have a shower" he snarled at me.

"I was about to clean it!" I replied with mock bravado.

"Good. It sure needs it." He spoke with a softer, almost feminine tone to his voice now that he knew what I was doing.

I grabbed a broom and started sweeping. He turned his back on me and started the water. I found the waste paper bins and made a couple of trips to large rubbish bin in the hallway. Every time I came back into the change room I stole glimpses of the man in the shower. 

He was about fifty, taller than average and heavy set. He looked like he might have been a bricklayer once but he carried a lot of flab around with him now. His back and butt were quite hairy. After a while he let the water run down his back and I could see his face. He closed his eyes as he shampooed his thick grey hair. The foam ran down his chest and I noticed that he was caressing one of his hairy man boobs as he soaped it up. After a while his hand moved down his stomach and he washed around his cock and balls. 

His thighs were quite thick so his genitals were pushed forward a little. He kept one hand rubbing his balls as the other reached toward his thick cock. He dropped the soap when his fingers found his large foreskin. He stretched it forward and put one finger in the fleshy cacoon so he could wash the eye of his penis. He pulled the foreskin right back. His cock twitched as it started to grow. He made a fist and languidly started moving his hand along the length of that hardening piece of meat. His eyes were still closed so I wasn't sure if he realised that I was watching.

When that hand reached the base of his cock he put the other on his chest. He started tweaking his left nipple which reddened in response. I watched his thumb and index finger pinching that tasty tit. His other hand was moving up and down his manhood which grew with each stroke of that fist.

"Well?" he panted as he opened his eyes and looked straight at me, "are you just going to watch?"

I placed the broom in a corner and walked over to the shower. I could feel my cock hardening in response to the show this guy was putting on for me. By now his cock was rock solid. He swiftly turned off the shower as he tightened the grip on his balls. He pointed that loaded weapon right at me. It was massive, a shiny purple knob and at least eight inches of throbbing cock. It was so thick.

I dropped to my knees. I leaned forward. I poked out my tongue and gently licked the end of his knob. I could just fit the tip of my tongue in the eye of his cock. I slowly started to engulf his cock with my lips. He put his hands at the back of my head to control the speed with which I was swallowing that thick man meat. Slowly I felt the length of it pass along my tongue.

As I felt the end of his giant cock touch the back of my throat I heard footsteps. It was the older woman. I hesitated but he kept my head in place with his big hands. He pushed a little and I curled my tongue around the lower part of his cock.

"So, you've met my husband?" the woman asked me as she knelt beside me. "Good work! Saves me having to suck that!" she said as I felt her hand on my neck.

I started sucking, trying to draw all that meat into my mouth. My jaw was stretched to capacity but that big cock just seemed to grow. He took his hands away from my head but they were replaced by her hand. She guided my head backwards and forwards as my tongue flicked the underside of her husband's penis. She put her cheek next to mine. She was so close that she must have been able to smell his cum building inside that shaft. She whispered encouragement as she turned slightly to look me in the eyes.

I sucked as hard as I could as she started shoving my head backwards and forwards, faster and faster.

"Come on you little slut" she ordered "Suck! Suck him!"

He started bucking wildly into my mouth. I could feel his cock forcing it's way down my throat. He started groaning. He forcefully grabbed the back of my head to face fuck me. She pinched my nose so that I couldn't breathe through it.

He held my head. She held my nostrils shut. I was gasping for air, sucking wildly as that huge cock pounded into my mouth. He went wild as she cursed me. He was bucking frantically. I felt his balls slapping my chin. 

Suddenly he froze. He held my head in position as a load of warm cum flowed from his balls through that penis and deep into my throat. She released my nose and I could breath again. He held me there for a few minutes every drop of his semen went down my throat.

His cock began to soften. His wife stood up. I sat down on the floor. I was too shocked to move. I watched him grab a towel as he moved away from the shower. He patted me on the head as he passed me.

"Good little cock sucker!" he said as he towelled himself off in the corner of the office.

"I wonder if he's a good little pussy licker?" his wife asked as she kicked her shoes off. She bent down and kissed me. Her tongue explored my mouth. Now we both had his man juice in our mouths.

"Let's find out..." He said as he flopped into one of the chairs. He was still naked.

Standing over me as I sat on the floor she guided my hands under her skirt until I reached her panties. I pulled them down as she hiked up her skirt to reveal her hairy pussy lips. They were red and puffy. She took a step forward and grabbed my hair. She mashed my face into her warm dampness.

"Go for it!" her husband called out from across the room. I couldn't see him but I was sure that he had his hand on his cock.