 Authors Note: A received a request for this story from a French medical tech working in New York City. He provided me with a general outline of his life and I will leave it up to the reader to decide how much is true and how much may be fantasy. The story will be written over several chapters and submitted under different Literotica categories. The first chapter will deal with anal; the second will deal with gay sex; the third will deal with incest and the final chapter will cover most everything in group sex.

In chapter one Julian was introduced to anal sex by a pretty Italian girl named Maria. Since that encounter Julian was continually haunted by the anal sensation and he would frequently insert a candle in his ass when he masturbated. Julian had then begun to wonder what a real cock would feel like in his ass. Maria obviously loved anal sex so he felt that there had to be something to it. Julian had made up his mind to find out. He knew that he would have to be discreet as he didn't want anyone close to him to learn of his latest passion.

JULIAN SATISFIES HIS URGE

Julian decided to visit one of the adult book and video stores in a gay section of the city. He had never been in one of those stores before and he was understandably nervous on his first visit. Julian walked in and he was greeted by the clerk behind the desk. Julian walked around trying to look normal but he was overwhelmed by all of the sexual material. There were videos, books, novelties and sexual toys of all sorts. His nervousness was more apparent than he thought.

"Is this your first time here?" a voice whispered from behind him.

"Yes, it is. Is it that obvious?" Julian whispered in reply.

"Yeah but don't let it bother you. It's normal to be nervous. I'm Allan," the handsome young man said holding out his hand.

"Julian," Julian replied shaking the stranger's hand.

"Come with me Julian and I'll show you something," Allan said and then he walked toward the back of the store.

As if in a trance, Julian followed Allan into the back room where there a large number of private video booths. Allan picked out a booth and locked the door after he and Julian were inside. Allan then put some tokens in a slot and a gay movie appeared on the screen immediately. Julian couldn't believe his eyes as he had never seen a gay porn movie. There were three men in the video and one was on his knees getting fucked in the ass while he sucked the cock of the third man. Allan rubbed Julian's crotch through his pants until Julian was hard which didn't take long. Allan then unfastened Julian's belt unzipped his pants and pushed them with his briefs down to his ankles. 

Allan then dropped to his knees and took Julian's rock hard cock in his mouth. Julian was so turned on that he came in Allan's mouth almost immediately. Allan sucked down every drop of Julian's cum and he drained Julian's cock dry. Julian couldn't believe that he had just cum in another man's mouth. Allan then stood up and kissed Julian allowing him to taste his own cum. Allan then dropped his trousers and underwear baring his own erection. He pushed gently on Julian's shoulders and Julian realized what was expected of him.

"I've never done this," Julian whispered.

"No problem, just do what I did to you," Allan replied as he pressed down on Julian's shoulders.

Julian sank to his knees and his face became level with Allan's cock. Julian had never seen another hard cock until today. Allan pulled Julian's head toward the erect cock and Julian instinctively took it in his mouth. Julian actually liked the feel of the hard shaft in his mouth and he sucked on it tenderly. Allan's cock was about the same as Julian's in length about 8" but less in girth of asbout 4" around. Allan guided Julian's head back and forth until Julian got the hang of it. Julian then bobbed his head up and down on Allan's cock until Allan stiffened and fired a barrage of cum into Julian's mouth. Julian instinctively swallowed the first jet of cum that hit the back of his throat and then he continued to swallow each additional volley. Julian surprised himself with his reaction to Allan cumming in his mouth. Julian thought that he would have been repulsed by it but he had just the opposite reaction. He actually liked the taste of Allan's cum and he had a strange sense of power over Allan when Allan came.

Julian was hard again and he hoped that Allan would suck him off once more. But Allan surprised Julian when he turned him around to face away from him. Allan then reached under Julian and cupped his balls and stroked his cock. Julian groaned as his scrotum was fondled and then he watched the scene on the video screen, the three men were still fucking and sucking each other. Julian felt Allan's tongue slide over his perineum and up between his ass cheeks. Julian flipped out when Allan licked his ass and rimmed his asshole. Julian didn't know that people did that to each other but the feeling was sensational. 

Allan worked his tongue back and forth over Julian balls to his asshole. Julian thought that he would cum again any second if Allan didn't stop tongue probing Julian's ass. Then Julian felt a cool liquid enter his asshole and it almost seemed to numb his anus. Allan then stood up and coated his cock with the same lubricant unbeknown to Julian. Allan pushed Julian over slightly as he lined his cock up with Julian's asshole. When Julian felt the cock at the entrance to his ass he panicked briefly but he didn't protest. After all this was why he was here.

Allan pushed his cock into Julian's ass and Julian almost screamed out in pain. Even though Allan's cock wasn't too thick it was still thicker than the candles. Julian muffled his cries with his arm as he was afraid that any noise would draw too much attention to them in the video booth. Julian was afraid of getting caught naked with another man. Allan worked his cock into Julian's ass and the pain eventually subsided. Julian then felt bloated for awhile and then he just felt full. Allan began to saw his cock in and out of Julian's ass.

Julian's ass was extremely tight and Allan did not last long even though it was his second orgasm. Julian felt Allan stiffen and hold onto Julian's hips. Allan plunged his cock all the way into Julian's ass and then he unleashed a torrent of cum into the virgin asshole. Julian felt Allan's seed flood his ass and he found himself instinctively using his anal muscles to milk Allan's cock dry. Julian at that moment decided that he liked the feeling of cum filling his asshole.

They stayed in the same position for a few minutes and then Allan's cock softened and slipped from Julian's ass. Allan told Julian to pull up his pants. Once they were both dressed Allan spoke.

"That was great. Come on I'll show you another part of the store," Allan whispered.

Allan opened the video booth door and they both stepped out into the hallway. Julian noticed that there were other men standing around other video booths and as he walked by them he felt a hand caress his ass. Allan led him to the theater section of the video store. Julian saw the movie and it was an all out orgy with naked gay bodies all over the place doing every imaginable thing. It took a while for Julian's eyes to adjust to the dark room but when they did he noticed that there were 6 to 8 men in the room. There were folding chairs to sit in to watch the movie but no one was seated. Allan started caressing Julian's body again and he had Julian erect in no time. Allan this time undressed Julian so that he was totally naked and then Allan took off his clothes as well. Julian felt the presence of another body behind him as Allan embraced him.

"Who do we have here today Allan?" the voice asked.

"Fred this is Julian and you won't believe this. Julian just gave up his cherry to me in the video booth," Allan replied.

"His cherry, you got his cherry, his oral cherry and in the video booth!" exclaimed Fred.

"Fred I got both his cherries, his mouth and his ass," Allan bragged.

"Both of them and in the video booth, oh that is so hot," Fred gasped.

Fred then took hold of Julian's erect cock and asked, "Julian you have a beautiful cock, can I suck it? Would you like me to suck your cock?"

Julian was overcome with desire and he just nodded. Fred dropped to his knees and took Julian's cock into his succulent mouth. Fred proved to be an excellent cock sucker and he deep throated Julian as he cupped Julian's balls. Another body then moved in behind Julian and Julian felt another cock slide into his ass. The man behind him pushed Julian over slightly so that he was bent over Fred who knelt in front of him. The man fucking Julian this time wasn't as large as Allan and his cock slid in easily. Julian was groaning as his ass was fucked and his cock was sucked. Then someone turned Julian's head to side and offered him another cock. Now Julian was getting fucked as he sucked a cock while his own cock was being sucked. The four of them kept at one another until they all came. The guy in Julian's ass came first which triggered Lorne's orgasm. As Julian was filling Fred's mouth with cum his own mouth was flooded by the other cock. It was then that Julian noticed Allan on all fours with cocks in his ass and mouth.

The four of them uncoupled and then Julian was pushed to the floor and placed on all fours. Another cock entered his ass and yet another one filled his mouth. For the next several hours Julian sucked cocks and was butt fucked repeatedly. Every once in a while someone would suck on Julian's cock too. Later Fred let Julian fuck him in the ass. It was the only ass that Julian got to fuck that day but he loved it. He loved sliding his cock in and out of Fred's ass as he caressed the shapely buttocks. Julian finally came in Fred's ass and then collapsed on top him. Minutes later everyone got dressed and Julian walked out of the video store. He never did see Allan again after that day but Julian had achieved his objective.

Julian looked at his watch and realized that he had been in the video store for over four hours. He walked back to the subway station and headed back home. When Julian arrived home he was exhausted and his body ached all over not just from the fucking and sucking but from using muscles that had been idle until that day. He learned that he liked getting fucked with a real cock and he like the sensation of warm cum shooting into him. He also liked fucking a guy's ass as much as he had liked fucking Maria's ass. Even sucking a cock and having it shoot in his mouth was kind of a turn on. Julian knew that from that day on he would enjoy sex with both men and women.

JULIAN VISITS A BATH HOUSE

Weeks passed since Julian's visit to the video store. He still dated girls and he even found one who would let his fuck her in the ass. Most of the girls he dated wanted nothing to do with anal sex. Julian had even bought a dildo and a put plug so that he could indulge in anal play while he jerked off. Julian however missed the real thing and he decided that he wanted to experience another cock in his ass. He opted not to visit the video store but instead to visit a gay bath house that was popular in the Village. 

On a Friday night Julian went to the gay bath house. When he entered he paid a fee which included a locker and a towel. Rooms were extra but Julian didn't opt for a room on his first visit. He watched other men come in and they were all shapes and sizes. They undressed, put their clothes and personal belongings in a locker and then wrapped the towel around their waist. Julian did the same thing and then he walked around and checked out the bath house. It had a small swimming pool, large Jacuzzi, a stream room, sauna and of course showers. There was also a large room with rows of beds in it. Julian noticed that there were already guys in the beds fucking and sucking. 

Julian walked the halls and passed a number of rooms. Most of the doors were closed but there were some open with guys in them. Some guys lay on their stomachs and wiggled their asses in an invitation as people walked by. Other guys sat on the bed stroking their cocks. Julian noticed a board at the end of the hallway that had all the rooms listed. Guys wrote messages on the bed to advertise their interest. Julian was extremely nervous and actually thought about leaving when two cute guys walked up to him and introduced themselves as Bruce and David.

They convinced Julian to join them in the shower and when Julian noticed the firm hard bodies of Bruce and David he felt a surge in his loins. Julian was a little embarrassed as his cock hardened slightly into a semi-erect state and pushed out his towel. Julian followed David and Bruce to the showers and joined them. Julian stepped under the water and turned his back to David and Bruce. The next thing he felt a set of hands on his back and he froze in a state of desire.

David said, "Here I'll wash your back for you," then he ran his soapy hands over Julian's shoulders and back.

Julian was then doomed as his cock sprung into a fully erect state. Julian stood rigid as the hands passed over his shoulders and worked their way down his back. When David touched him just above his buttocks, Julian trembled and moaned slightly. Then David cupped Julian's ass and then moved his hands around Julian's body. Julian could feel David's erect cock pressing into his ass as David reached around and cupped Julian's balls with one hand and Julian's cock with the other.

"Would you like me to fuck you Julian?" David had asked.

Julian just nodded in the affirmative and David pushed him over slightly. David ran his soapy fingers in and out of Julian's asshole and then David placed his soapy cock at the entrance. David pushed while holding on the Julian's hips and the cock slid in easily. Julian loved the feeling of a warm cock sliding in and out of his ass. By then Bruce had joined them and he offered his cock up for Julian's mouth. Julian eagerly swallowed Bruce's cock and then the two of them fucked his ass and his face until they came. Bruce filled Julian's mouth with his cum just as David came in Julian's ass. Julian stood up and then he realized that they had an audience. Six other guys were stroking their cocks and watching the action.

"Come with us Julian," David told him.

The three of them took their towels but they did not bother to wrap them around their bodies. Bruce and David then took Julian into their room where they had him get on the bed on all fours. This time Bruce fucked Julian's ass and Julian sucked David's cock until they both came again. Julian later found himself on his back with his legs dangling off the bed. David then pushed Julian's legs up and slipped his cock back into Julian's ass. David fucked Julian with Julian's legs resting on David's shoulders. Julian turned his head to one side at Bruce's urging and took Bruce's cock back in his mouth. David pleasured Julian when he reached over and grabbed Julian's throbbing erect cock. Bruce played with Julian's tits as Julian sucked Bruce's cock. David jerked Julian off as he fucked him and Julian shot two loads all over his own body before Bruce and David came again.

Julian then returned to the shower and washed before he made the rounds again. Julian walked by the rooms again and this time a door was open that had been closed earlier. Julian saw a cute young blonde guy lying face down on the bed. The guy had a great looking ass and it stirred Julian loins. The guy motioned for Julian to come in the room and Julian entered.

"Close and lock the door. I'm Peter," the handsome blonde said.

"I'm Julian."

"Get on the bed Julian. I'm going to fuck you first," Peter directed.

Then Peter greased up Julian's asshole and he marveled at the shapely ass on Julian's small frame. Julian looked good on all fours as he waited for Peter's cock to penetrate his ass. Peter took his time lubricating Julian's ass and he liked the submissive posture that Julian presented. Julian had his head down on his hands which were folded on the bed. Julian's ass was elevated and his back was arched emphasizing the curvy shape of his ass. Julian looked perfect and he presented exactly the image that Peter liked to fuck. Julian even had cute little tits to go with his effeminate frame.

Peter moved close and slowly eased his cock into Julian's ass. Julian groaned slightly with the penetration and his sphincter stretched to accept the swollen cock. Once past the sphincter Peter fucked Julian slowly until Julian's ass opened up and was once again able to take a big thick cock. Peter then picked up the pace and soon his hips were slamming into the petite Julian. Julian's cute ass would jiggle each time Peter thrust into it and Peter loved the effect. Peter felt his orgasm building and he knew that he would dump a good sized load in Julian's ass. Julian felt Peter's body stiffen and make one final thrust as Peter buried his cock in Julian's ass. Then Julian felt cum surge into him and he felt Peter's cock throb with each release. 

Julian's anal muscles involuntarily clenched and unclenched as they massaged Peter's cock and drew every drop of cum from the shaft. Peter kept pressed against his lover and let his cock be milked dry. Julian couldn't hold his position any longer and he collapsed forward on the bed. Peter followed Julian down and lay on top of Julian with his cock still buried in Julian's ass. Peter felt Julian's smooth hairless skin against his own and he liked the feeling. Peter remained on top of Julian until Julian begged him to get up. Peter didn't realize it but he had been crushing Julian's smaller body. Peter had gotten lost in the moment as Julian's ass muscles tightened around Peter's cock. Peter then rolled to the side and his still erect cock slipped from Julian's dilated asshole.

Julian remained on his stomach face down on the bed as he recovered from being thoroughly fucked. Peter looked over at Julian's ass and he could see cum oozing from it. Peter was tempted to finger Julian's asshole and push the semen back in. Peter started by caressing Julian's curvy smooth ass and then he played with his asshole. Peter pushed his finger into Julian's cum filled hole. Julian wiggled his ass in response as Peter played with him. Julian then pushed himself up on all fours giving Peter better access. Peter felt his desire mount again so he moved back behind Julian. Peter eased his cock back into Julian's ass for a second time and he knew he would last a little longer this time since he had already cum. Peter fucked Julian for what seemed like an hour until he finally came again. 

"Oh Peter, I don't know if I have ever been fucked like that since I've been here. You sure had a lot of cum built up," Julian cooed.

"I'm glad you liked it because I loved fucking your ass," Peter told him.

"Julian would you give me a massage? My muscles are really stiff after fucking you," Peter requested.

"With pleasure," Julian replied excitedly.

Julian took the body lotion from Peter and then straddled Peter's body. Julian sat on Peter's legs just below Peter's buttocks and rested his soft cock in the crack of Peter's ass. Julian poured the lotion on Peter's back and shoulders and then began to massage Peter. Peter's skin was hairless, smooth and flawless and Julian's hands glided over the skin. After several minutes of massaging Peter's upper body Julian turned his attention to Peter's ass. Julian massaged each of Peter's buttocks relishing in the feel of the round firm globes. Julian felt his cock begin to harden again and within a few minutes of rubbing Peter's ass Julian was erect. Julian's hard cock was nestled in the crack of Peter's ass and Julian slid his cock within the fold of Peter's buttocks.

Peter felt Julian's cock harden again and he said, "You like my ass don't you Julian?"
