 I had been looking forward to Friday all week long, and it was finally here. Yes, it was partly the anticipation of the weekend, but it was mostly because I had scheduled my monthly massage session with Kelly on Friday afternoon.

Kelly had been my massage therapist for over a year now, and she was fantastic. She was beautiful and fun, and she gave a very thorough and erotic massage. Before you jump to conclusions, I should point out that she doesn't do a sexual massage. There is no happy ending. But she did have a sexy way with her massages that were arousing without being sexual. And I always left feeling refreshed and relaxed.

Kelly's had a small, one person studio, so it was a bit of a surprise when a guy answered the door. Surprise led to disappointment when he broke the bad news.

"Dave, I've got some bad news, Kelly had an emergency, she had to leave early," he said. "She's really sorry but it was unavoidable."

"Dang, well, these things can't be helped," I said. 

"I do have an option, if you're interested," he said. "I have just recently completed training and Kelly and I are going to be sharing this studio, and if you'd like I can do the massage, and we'll even make it half price."

In a very short time, my mind traveled over the half price offer, the idea of a guy giving me a massage, the idea of whether or not I was being a homo or a homophobe and what this guy thought about all of it. It was a short travel, but it was long enough that it was getting awkward that I was waiting that long to answer, and in a panic, I answered.

"Ok, sounds good," I said, playing it all down. After all, it was no big deal, it was just a massage. Guys gave guys massages all the time. This guy was built like a football player, he might be able to work out some kinks that a girl couldn't. 

"Great, my name's Jim, I appreciate you giving me the chance," he said. "You're the last client of the day, so go on back and get ready while I lock up the front door."

As I walked down the hall I started thinking about ways to get out of the massage. This wasn't going to be nearly as good as Kelly. But when I got back to her room at the end of the hall, I started to ease into the idea. Kelly had a really cool massage room, it was small, warm and dimly lit, with faint mood music and the subtle smells of relaxing incense. There was no way that getting a massage here could be bad, even from a guy. I stripped down, climbed onto the table and draped the towel over my back. 

Jim came quietly into the room a few minutes later and the massage got underway. At first touch I thought I had made a big mistake, I was immediately weirded out by a guy putting his hands on me, but it wasn't long before I settled down and started to relax. I found myself just trying to imagine that it was Kelly's hands.

Not that I minded being massaged by a guy, I just couldn't quite change the gear. I have never been with a guy sexually, never been attracted that way, but I do find cocks fascinatingly attractive. Sometimes when I'm watching porn I could imagine the urge to play with a cock, maybe even orally.

Meanwhile, Jim was doing a pretty good job making me forget about Kelly. He had strong hands and was doing a good job working on my back and neck. Just as importantly, he had the right level of chit chat and quiet, and he was witty and insightful. Before long I began to fall into relaxation. Typically I would fall into such a deep state of relaxation that I would nearly doze off during massages.

Jim had worked his way down to my lower back and was digging his fingers in pretty hard and pressing my midsection into the table. I couldn't help but let out a soft groan when he hit a nerve.

"Hey, let me know if I'm pushing too hard," he said.

"No, keep going, I'm good," I said. In all honesty I would've preferred he was pushing a little lighter, but I knew it was better for the muscle, plus I didn't want to admit I couldn't take it.

There is always a moment when you are getting a massage from someone for the first time and you wonder how they are going to do something. For example, I've had some people who wouldn't touch my ass during a massage, others who would do it but only through the towel, and others who would pretty much give you a hands on naked ass rub down. Kelly would always fold the towel back to expose half my ass and do a rub down, and then do the same for the other side. It was always one of my favorite parts of the massage, having her hands on my ass, pushing me down into the table.

But now, as Jim worked his way down my lower back and the towel started getting pushed downward, I started to tense up visualizing his hands on my ass. It was an odd combination of thoughts running around in my head - somehow the idea of him having his hands on my ass had become taboo and naughty to the point that I was actually looking forward to it and dreading it at the same time.

So by the time he had folded back the towel over half my lower body, exposing half my ass to the open air, I had reached a level of nervous and excited anticipation. He didn't disappoint, as he rubbed his oily hands from my back, over my ass cheek and down to my upper thigh. As his hands worked their magic, I couldn't help myself from taking long, slow deep breaths. My stomach had suddenly become filled with butterflies. As he pressed his hands down into my ass I became acutely aware that I was becoming aroused. It was an odd arousal, a combination of being titillated by the touch and enthralled by the taboo of it all.

Then he did something I had not ever experienced. He placed one hand on my ass cheek, and then ran the other one down my leg, pushing his fingers along the muscle line. When his hand reached my lower calf muscle, he would let his fingers drift lightly back up to my upper hamstring, then he would push his way back down. But all the while, his other hand was firmly on my ass, moving slightly but always remaining in solid contact. It felt amazing, both for the leg muscles and for the feeling of his hand on my ass. 

By the time he had moved the process over to the other side, carefully shifting the towel over to expose my other ass cheek, my head was buzzing and my heart was fluttering. And every time he ran his hand down the back of my leg, my cock felt like it was getting a little harder.

After he finished the sequence on the other side, he moved the towel back over to cover just my lower half and he moved to the head of the bed. My hands were down by my sides, and he reached down and pulled them up so they were over my head, like I was signaling a touchdown but laying face down. Then he began to do a deep rub on my back, pushing down with both hands from my shoulders to my lower back. His strength was something I wasn't used to, and it almost took my breath away as he pushed down.

Meanwhile, my hands were positioned on either side of his outer thighs, and as he pushed downward with all that pressure my hands were rubbing up against the outside of his upper thighs. I wasn't trying to do it, it was just happening, and after it started happening it would've been really awkward for me to stop, so I just let it happen. It almost felt like my hands were pulling him towards me, pulling his crotch towards the top of my head. I wasn't positive, but it felt like I could feel his midsection contacting the top of my head, just barely. In my drowsy, mid-massage head, I started to develop a fantasy. In the fantasy, my hands would come tight against his thighs, just below his ass, and I would pull his crotch towards me, and then I would lift my head, and I would see the outline of his cock straining through his pants. In the fantasy, my mouth was watering and I leaned forward, aching to kiss his cock through his pants...

"Ok, time to roll over," came the voice.

It took me a few seconds to realize the fantasy wasn't real, and my brain slowly returned to reality. As I began to turn over, I became aware that my cock had enjoyed the fantasy enough that I had become semi erect, and as I rolled over on my back I imagined that I was showing it through the towel, but Jim didn't have any reaction. He covered my midsection with the towel and set into the front side massage, starting with my feet.

As he slowly worked his way up my legs, I could not stop myself from becoming more aroused. I kept telling myself that this was a guy touching me, and I'm not turned on by guys, but something about the sheer impropriety of it had me fighting a losing battle. By the time he got to rubbing on my thighs my body was tingling, my head was spinning and my cock had gotten quite hard. The rhythmic music and the incense was flooding my senses to the point of overload. As his hands moved up to my upper thighs, I couldn't stop myself from sighing softly and moving my head from side to side. I didn't want him to think I was getting turned on, but I absolutely couldn't stop myself. The higher his hands rose on my thighs, the harder it was for me to control myself. His fingers were coming within inches of my cock, and close enough to my aching balls that I could feel the heat.

That was about when I started to sense a change in him. He seemed to get a bit nervous, and his hands were slightly trembling as he moved up higher on my thighs, coming just to the edge of the towel. He stopped for a moment to get the container of warm oil, and as he was lining it up to pour some on my thighs he fumbled the container and the warm oil dropped and spilled the entire contents onto the towel.

"Oh shit," he said, in a panic. He reached for the towel to take it off, but then realized the implications of that, and backed off. "Let me, uh, I'll go find another towel, he stammered.

He stumbled out of the dark room on his quest for another towel, leaving me dripping with an oil saturated towel. He came back a few minutes later, still a bit flustered.

"I couldn't find another towel," he said, a bit embarrassed. "This was all I could find."

He was holding up a small towel, more of a wash cloth size than a towel.

I couldn't help but grin. "Looks just big enough to do the job," I said.

He laughed nervously. "I have to be honest, this is really the first time I've ever done a guy," he said. "I mean, given a guy a massage."

"Yeah, first for me too, but I'll have to say, you're doing a great job."

"Right, except for spilling the oil all over you," he answered. He stepped over and tried to gather up the towel without spilling any more of the oil, but it was a pretty big mess. He lifted it off carefully with both hands and moved it out of the way, leaving me fully exposed. I was still semi erect, and now coated with oil, and when he moved back over to the table with the wash cloth, he tried to act professional, but it seemed like he took his time draping the little wash cloth over my hardening cock. The wash cloth was literally just big enough to cover my cock and balls, it was like I was wearing a little pouch. I couldn't be much closer to being naked on the table.

He took a deep breath and set back to work on my oily thighs, but now it felt like he was massaging me in the nude. Making matters worse, or better I guess, was the fact that as he worked his fingers over my body it would cause the wash cloth to move, and he would have to stop to adjust the cloth to cover me, which was a lot like having someone rubbing a cloth across my cock. Naturally that caused me to become fully erect, which made the wash cloth even more precarious. It was a vicious cycle. Viciously erotic.

After what seemed like an hour of thigh massage that came extremely close, but never quite touched my now aching cock, he moved up to the head of the table and began working my shoulders and chest. My nipples weren't usually sensitive, but they were today. Then he started doing this thing where he would start both hands on my shoulders and then move them down over my chest, and then onto my stomach, coming just short of the cloth and then moving them down the sides and then back up again. By the second time he did this I was about ready to beg him to move his hands on down further, to push the cloth aside and take my cock into his hands. I couldn't get up the nerve to ask, but I did make it clear with sighs and moans that I was enjoying it immensely. When I leaned up just a bit and looked down at my torso, I could see that my erection was lifting the cloth off my body, and the tip of my cock was clearly visible. Jim tried to cover it on the fourth or fifth pass, but it didn't stay covered for long.

Adding to my arousal was the fact that every time Jim's hands moved down my body, his body moved over mine, and when his hands would get close to my groin his crotch was aligned with my face. Looking up at him, I noted he was wearing pajama type pants with a string tie, and it may have been my imagination, but I thought I noticed the outline of a semi erect cock pushing the fabric out. Once again, my head started going down a weird road, thinking about what it would be like if Jim were naked and his cock was dangling down in front of my face, brushing up against my lips... 

Jim's hands moved down my body one more time, they went so far down that it almost seemed like his fingers went under my cock, which was now so hard it was two or three inches clear of my stomach even with the cloth. The string tie dangled down and tickled my face and I closed my eyes and imagined it was his cock just grazing my face. Then I imagined that the next time the string came down to my face I would inadvertently catch the string in my mouth and pull the bow loose. I might have done it, but he had finished with the torso massage.

He moved down to my side and tried to adjust the cloth to cover me again, but I was so hard now that it wouldn't cover me all the way. He tried to ignore it and went to work once again, this time rubbing my stomach with one hand and my thigh with the other.

I had been wondering if he was deliberately trying to arouse me, but now any doubt was gone. There was no way a guy could do this to another guy and not think it was arousing, especially seeing my obvious erection. Having his hands rubbing over my stomach and thigh at the same time was making me crazy, and it was all I could do to not squirm on the table.

My hands were down at my sides, and at some point I realized that as he leaned towards the table, his midsection was coming in light contact with my pinky finger. I don't think he realized it, because my pinky finger was in line with the table. But as he moved just slightly back and forth, I could feel the outline of his cock with the outside of my pinky finger. It was through his pants, but I could tell from the heat and the hardness that he was aroused too. I felt the string tie drag over my hand as well, and once again I imagined just grabbing it and pulling the bow loose.

Now the eroticism was ramped up even further. I had a guy massaging my practically naked stomach and thighs while my finger was brushing up against his cock. I couldn't help myself from letting out a long, slow sigh and rolling my head back and forth in ecstasy.

"You doing ok?" Jim asked.

"Incredible, please don't stop," I half gasped. I opened my eyes and looked up at him, and his eyes were looking down at my partially exposed cock. Looking, with admiration.

"You can take that off if you want to," someone said, and then I realized it was me. I held my breath as I watched him thinking about that. After what seemed like an eternity, he reached one hand over and pulled the cloth away, leaving me fully naked on the table. My cock stood proudly erect, and despite the fact that it was a guy looking at me, I had never been more aroused.

"I'm not gay," he said.

"Me neither," I replied.

Then my hand inadvertently moved, and if he wasn't aware of it before, he knew now that his cock was rubbing against the edge of my hand. He looked down briefly but didn't change anything, if anything it felt like he was moving back and forth against my hand more than before. I took a chance and moved my hand further off the edge, so that now he was rubbing up against the backs of two fingers, and I felt his body react at the contact.

Meanwhile, he was continuing the massage, carefully working his oily hands all around my cock and balls, coming dangerously close but not quite coming in contact. I was taking deep breaths trying to calm down, but it wasn't working. The music, the incense, the hands on my body and my hands on his body, and the utter taboo of it all, had put my body into overdrive. I couldn't believe this was happening but I couldn't stop either. I moved my hand further off the table so that the full back of my hand was now coming in contact with his now rock hard cock, and it was his turn to gasp a bit. He clearly didn't mind the contact, so I began to slowly move my hand so that I was lightly stroking his cock with the back of my hand as he did his best to continue his teasing massage.

About that time, my fingers found the dangling string tie, and this time, instead of fantasizing about it, I gave in and gave it a long slow pull, and we both watched mesmerized as the bow came untied and his pants became quite loose. My heart nearly stopped as they slipped away and fell off, and there, just inches away from my hand, was the first cock I was ever going to touch besides mine. I had never been in an intimate setting with another hard cock, but I had seen plenty of pornos to compare it to. He had a nice cock, about the same size as mine with a nice shape and smooth skin, not very much hair. And he was hard as a rock, proudly pointing towards the ceiling. 

I looked up at him and caught his eye, and without speaking a word, we came to a gentleman's agreement. I held up my hand, and he slowly poured oil into it. His hand slipped around my oily cock, and my hand slipped around his. Despite the fact that I had never been attracted to a man in any way, it seemed like the most natural thing in the world. And having his hand finally wrapped around my cock was beyond epic.

Now that we didn't have to pretend anymore, it suddenly became more wide open, with a lot more moaning and gasping and the occasional "oh yeah." It seemed pretty easy to know what to do, I just stroked his cock the same way I liked to stroke mine, at times slipping my oily hand down to massage his balls. We fell into a rhythm that way, whenever I felt like I was about to come, I would release his cock and start massaging his balls, and he would do the same. I wasn't sure about how he was feeling, but I really wanted it to last. Stroking a guys cock while he stroked mine was beyond the wildest fantasies that I had never even had.

He had moved as close to the table as he could, and I had moved over as close as I could to the edge, so our cocks had come very close together. Looking down I became mesmerized watching the two cocks, so close together, and almost in a trance I found myself turning just a bit towards Jim so that now our oily cocks came into contact. Both of our eyes were transfixed on the two cocks, and I rubbed the head of his cock all the way down my shaft from bottom to top and then rolled the oily heads of our cocks together. We both gasped at the same time, and I could feel that he was losing control. I began to stroke him faster, but I didn't think it all through until I realized he was going to come, and I don't think he did either. My head went on a quick spin trying to figure out which way to point the load that I knew was coming, and almost in a daze I pointed his jerking cock towards my own.

He moaned and exploded onto me, shooting jets of white cum all over my cock and balls, his hand, my stomach. The sudden warmth, utter decadence of the scene, and the feeling of his cum covered hand stroking my cum covered cock became way too much, and I practically levitated off the table as my cock exploded all over my torso. Halfway through it Jim decided to return my earlier favor and he pointed my cock towards his still hard member and coated himself with the latter half of my load.
