 This is the conclusion to the Casey Trilogy. Enjoy!

*****

So here we were. The night was finally here. The high school reunion. Awhile back, Casey said he'd had big plans for me tonight and I couldn't help wondering what he'd had in store for me.

It's been a couple of months since Casey turned me into one of his cocksuckers, and he's kept my mouth busy leading up to tonight. I've slowly been paying less attention to girls in town and have been sneaking off with him to suck amazing loads out of his cock instead. We've been discreet and careful, of course, so as not to let out my embarrassing secret. But, I gotta admit, I've started to care less and less about being caught. I've felt so naughty and wrong with him, that I've become addicted to his cock.

I've seen Steve a few times, and we can't really make eye contact anymore. Neither of us has brought up the fact that Casey is off-and-on owning us with his cock. It's awkward and uncomfortable, but I'll bet Steve cares just as little as I do when he gets between Casey's fat legs and wraps his lips around that beautiful dick.

I'm getting ready for the reunion, dressing up nicely and trying to figure out in my head if I've sucked Casey an even two dozen times or if it's only 23. Of all the things I could be thinking about...

Suddenly there's a knock at my door. I answer to see Casey standing there with a big smirk on his face. I glance down at his belly and crotch instinctively.

"Wow, you're so eager now" he says, chuckling. "Are you ready?"

"Almost" I say. He always has to point out my hunger for his cock, making me feel inferior. "Come in. I just gotta fix my hair" I tell him.

He walks in and shuts the door, following me into the bathroom. I start looking at my hair in the mirror, parting it and looking for the best look. Then Casey comes up right behind me, looking me in the eyes in the mirror from over my shoulder.

He says in a low voice, "I wouldn't worry too much about your hair. It's gonna be ruffled by the end of the night anyway. I guarantee..." And then he surprises me with something I never saw coming.

He pulls me in close to him, so I feel his belly pushing up against my back. He then grinds his crotch up against my ass through our pants as we look each other in the eyes in the mirror. I can feel that he's hard in his pants and I like it.

"Wha...what are you doing?" I ask, as he gently rotates his hips, grinding onto my ass more with his crotch. Then I realize I'm pushing back onto his crotch with my ass, also shaking it slightly.

"What are YOU doing?" he says, and we both let out a guilty giggle. He then grinds hard, and I almost lose my balance before gripping the vanity with both hands. I bend over slightly, really starting to gyrate my hips and ass onto his hard bulge.

"You want it, don't you?" he asks, never losing eye contact with me. "I do, so badly..." I moan back to him, knowing he likes submission from his cocksuckers.

Then out of nowhere, he surprises me again by turning me around and quickly lifting me up onto the vanity, facing him. Not knowing what is happening, I just go with Casey's movements. He moves in between my legs and I don't know why, but I wrap my legs around him, barely locking around his large stature.

He then leans in and..kisses me!! What the hell?! It felt disgusting and wrong being kissed by a man!! But then I realized that I'd pleased this man for so long, and it felt good to finally be treated this way by him after being a mere cum dumpster for the last few months. Casey knew exactly what he was doing the whole time...

We continue to kiss and moan aggressively, and then I find myself reaching down between us and opening up his nice pants. I reach in and pull his hard cock out, then open my pants and pull mine out as well. They occasionally jiggle into each other below as we continue to make out awkwardly on the vanity.

I unwrap my legs and spread them out as Casey takes both of our cocks and begins rubbing them together. I let out a moan.

"Mmm...you like that?" He asks as his precum leaks out, lubing our cockheads and creating a squishy sound every time he rubs them together.

"I do. It feels amazing..." I tell him, realizing he's made me fall for him somehow. I can't believe Casey figured out how to do this to me. But I don't care at this moment. I don't know why, but I lean back in for another kiss.

Casey pushes me away. "Whoah, not so fast, fag" he says, smiling. "We're gonna be late to set up". And like nothing was happening, he backs off, puts his cock away and walks out of the bathroom. I hear him say "I'll be in the car" as he walks out.

And there I was: legs spread open, sitting on the vanity panting, hard cock out glistening with Casey's precum. He made me feel so inferior and slutty, and I loved it. I quickly got down and dressed, excited to get back to Casey as soon as possible. I knew he was in my head now. He knew how to get to me and make me want him badly. He fooled me big, but I didn't care.

I ran out of the apartment a few minutes later and got into the car with Casey. He was my ride, as he had involuntarily drafted me into the reunion committee. 

As he drives off, I ask: "Um, so what was that in the bathroom?"

"Oh that? Well that was a test. I needed to know where I had you at. And I got my answer..." he tells me.

"What do you mean?" I ask him.

He responds "Well, now I know exactly how far I can go with you. And we'll get to that later..."

I quickly ask "Not at the reunion, right? You're not gonna do something stupid, are you?! I don't want people to know!"

"Don't worry. I'm not gonna do anything you don't want me to do to you tonight. It won't be bad." he assures me.

"Okay. Okay good" I say. But honestly, I'm kind of excited deep down inside about what he's gonna do...

As Casey continues to drive, he turns and says "But hey, I've still got a lot of precum on my cock. Why don't you reach in there and help me out a bit..."

I obey him immediately, reaching over and unzipping him, reaching in and feeling his cockhead with my fingers. I rub it gently, getting a nice coating of precum on my fingers, and then pull off and lick my fingers clean. Then back in for more. I repeated this until we arrived at our old high school a few minutes later...

We went inside and helped set up the party for the reunion in the gym, and nothing interesting happened while we set up. After awhile, people started to show up and the place was looking more and more like a party. 

Many of the girls I'd fucked in high school were there, some married now, some not. And a lot of old friends and teachers were there as well. It was a nice occasion, but I couldn't help being nervous that people somehow knew about me and Casey.

Casey had me follow him around and help do things to make the party better, like his little lapdog. It must have seemed weird to a lot of people that remember me bullying him when we were kids. Quite the role-reversal...

In our travels, we saw Steve and he grinned, noticing I was Casey's bitch out in the open. I just looked away in shame quickly and avoided him for the rest of the night.

We also saw Brett, who was home temporarily and surrounded by people as he was in uniform. He brought his beautiful now-wife with him, and they both seemed the life of the party.

Casey walked up to them and I followed, wondering in excitement what would happen. I knew Brett's secret, and I'm sure he figured out mine by now as well. 

Casey, showing complete confidence, says "Brett. Wow it's nice to see you again. You look dashing in that uniform." Brett looks a bit uncomfortable and takes a sip from his drink. Casey looks at his wife and says "You must have to worry a lot with how handsome he is." And she replies "Oh no, my husband would never do anything with another girl". Casey laughs and says "No. I'm sure he wouldn't". Brett's face turns red and then he locks eyes with me. I give him a look that says 'Hey buddy, I'm in the same boat...' And Casey finally stops harassing Brett. "Well it was nice seeing you both" and he walks away. I quickly follow, realizing there are at least 3 people here that now know I'm sucking Casey's cock. I started to get excited...

I noticed a number women there were still giving me the eye, and that made me feel good for a moment because I forgot about all the gay sex I'd been having and began to think about women again. It was nice for a moment, but then Casey spoke up.

"It's really crowded in here. We have to get more cups. You and me. I know where they are. Let's go." And he walks out of the gym into the empty hallway. I hesitantly follow.

We begin walking toward the supply closet, and are passing the main office when Casey suddenly takes me by the arm and pulls me into the main office with him. He pushes me up against the door and kisses me. I again instinctively open up and let him move in on me.

After a few moments, he pulls off. "What are you doing? Here?!" I ask. "Why not?" he asks. "Everyone else is in the gym. How hot would it be to do it here?!" he adds.

He pulls away and leans his back up against the front desk, staring at me. I look down and notice his hard bulge in his pants. 

"This is dangerous! We could easily get caught!" I plea with him.

"Exactly." He says with a smile. 

"I don't wanna get caught!" I say.

"Well, that isn't really my problem, is it? Everyone knows I'm just Gay Casey already, right? So it's up to you..." he says, as he slowly unbuckles his belt and pants, and lets them drop to the floor.

My eyes fix on his bulge in his underwear. My legs start to shake with anticipation and anxiety.

"Unless you'd rather not and I just show some friends some texts I have..." he says slyly.

"Oh, come on Casey..." I ask, defeated.

Casey just points down at his cock and says "Get to it..."

I walk over to him and get on my knees, acting defeated but secretly happy that I'm gonna get to suck the cock I love so much. I begin to kiss and lick it as I tell him between kisses "Fine, but we gotta be fast..."

I begin to bob onto his hard cock as Casey holds his belly up slightly. His body hair tickles my face but I love the smell of his intoxicating musk. I realize I'm getting so into it that I wanna slow down and edge him. So I slow my bobs, staying down and moaning on his cock, then coming up and swirling my tongue around his head like he likes so much.

"Mmmmm what happened to 'we gotta be fast'? You seem to be enjoying yourself a bit too much..." he says giggling at me.

I pull off, lightly jerking his dick. "I love your cock" I tell him, with all honesty. I then bob back onto it.

"You really WANT to get caught, don't you? You want to be humiliated. You want everybody to know that you're a sucker for chub cocks. Tell me." he says.

I pull off again, thinking about what Casey said. I realize he may be right, that I wanna be humiliated and outed by him. As much as I don't, I do at the same time. I'm in the horny moment, and I reply "Mmmm yesss I want them all to know..." then I bob back down again, sucking away on his pulsing, silky hard cock.

I hear a click as I continue to suck on Casey's gorgeous dick, and I ignore it. 

"Mmmm yeah that's right. You want them all to know the big sexy hockey player is really a chubby chasing fag, don't you? You want them to know that Gay Casey is your daddy now and that not only do you submit to my cock willingly, but you beg for it..." Casey tells me as he begins to pump into my mouth with his hips.

I pull off, drunk in ecstasy over his cock. "Yessss how did you know? I deserve this. For all the years of being mean to you, I deserve to be owned by this big hard cock of yours..." and I let out a feminine giggle.

Casey then pulls me up and flips us around so that I'm facing away from him and over the front desk. We're standing like we were in my bathroom now, except his bare cock is now pushing up against my ass, staining my pants with precum. He pulls me close and tilts my head to land a sloppy wet kiss on my lips.

"Remember this?" he says as he grinds his cock onto my ass.

"Yesssss" I reply.

"Do you want it for real?" he asks me. My legs begin to wobble even more now. I hesitate for a moment. "Do you? Say it" he says.

"Yes" I finally say, surprising both of us. I'm nervous but i want it and I have to admit it to him and myself.

"What do you want?" he asks.

"I want you to fuck me" I tell him.

He laughs loudly. "Good" he says. Then he unbuckles my pants and pulls them down aggressively, followed by my underwear. He then pushes me up against the front desk, his wet bare cock slipping all over my bare ass. We shift a bit until his cock slides in between my ass crack pointing up. It's leaking so much precum that we're a wet mess.

Casey then pushes me and bends me over the desk, lifting my left leg up with his hand, positioning his cockhead right at my hole. He asks "Are you sure? You know, we COULD get caught..." as he tickles my ass with his wet cockhead.

I'm so confused and in the moment I can't stop. "I don't care! Just fuck my gay ass please!!" I moan. 

"Open up" Casey says, as he lifts his fat belly onto my lower back and pushes his cockhead into my ass. It's so wet that as soon as I open up, he slides in and begins to slowly fuck me.

He goes deep enough that, after a minute or two, I start feeling more pleasure than pain.

"Ohhh yess yess baby yesss don't stop" I moan.

He begins to thrust into me more aggressively now, thwapping his balls against me with each thrust, knocking stuff over all over the front desk. I turn to the right as I'm giggling to each thrust and notice something strange though...

The P.A. microphone sitting right there, within arm's reach, recording light...on.

Thrust. "Um..." Thrust. "Uh, baby what's that?". Thrust. 

"Oh, that's so everyone in the gym can hear us..." Casey responds like it's nothing at all.

Then it all hits me. OH MY FUCKING GOD!! My entire high school graduating class has been listening to me getting fucked by Gay Casey!! NOOOOOOOOOO!!

I'm embarrassed, ashamed, I want to die at this very moment and never come back or see anyone ever again. My secret is out. I'm fucked. Quite literally. Then I turn to my left...

And there, in the doorway, are several old classmates and teachers, watching and gasping as Casey fucks me on the front desk like a slut. I see some girls laughing and pointing and I hear "Oh my!" And "Him?! Really?!" come from the crowd.

"Wait! Stop! No! This uh, um..." I had nothing as everybody was gawking in horror and delight. 

I desperately reach for the microphone to turn it off, but just as I grab it, Casey thrusts in hard, hitting my prostate. I let out a loud "Ohhhhhhhh!!" and I almost melt right then and there in ecstasy.

Then Casey stops. "Stop, you say?"

I'm feeling so good in this horrifyingly embarrassing moment that I realize that I'm beginning to bounce my ass down and onto his cock, hitting my prostate over and over while he laughs.

I clutch onto the microphone, not turning it off but giggling into it and murmuring as I shove my ass onto Casey's cock. I realize he's got me and I should be mad, but at this point I just don't wanna stop feeling good so I submit totally. 

"Don't stop baby!! Fuck my ass!! Cummmmmmmm!!" I yell.

And just as some teachers start in to stop us, Casey grabs my hips and pulls me back onto his cock hard, shaking his whole body as I feel his massive load shoot up into me. I feel like Gwen on Nick at this point and it finally all makes sense. We both moan loudly as he is pulled off and cum shoots out of his dick and all over the main office and my ass. 

As I droop to the floor, cum begins to shoot out of my cock and all over the bottom of the front desk. I'm whimpering and giggling on the floor as everyone looks down at me.

That was it. The jig was up. Casey had humiliated and outed me to everybody. And it felt great while it hurt. I wasn't mad anymore. I just wanted more of him.

They asked us to leave the school obviously, and we walked the walk of shame together. I had my head down in shame and Casey was high-fiving old friends from the chess club etc. My friends couldn't even look at me. I'd been fucked by the fat guy.

Outside, I looked at him. "That was your plan the whole time?" I asked. "Yep, are you mad?"

I shook my head no. "You're my ride home tonight. How about you ride my ass in the backseat of your car first?" I suggest, completely submitting to him.

We both giggle and run to his car, getting in the back seat and stripping naked. 

And as Casey eventually fucked and spanked my ass, the car shook and we both didn't care. I was his now. More than just 'one of his'. I was his and he could do whatever he wanted to me. 

Casey got me.