 This is my first crack at writing on here after years of reading amazingly hot stories. First, a bit about myself:

I guess I would consider myself a "straight cocksucker", if there is even an official definition for such a person. I believe there is, as I've read many an amazing story on here about men who are still very interested in women, yet crave cock as well. That is me. I still very much like women, but I can't deny that I absolutely adore servicing hard cocks as well. 

But for me, there is a catch. Now maybe this catch redefines my state as a straight cocksucker, but I am also a "chubby chaser". I have to admit, I'll suck any size, shape, and color of cock I can get my mouth around. But of all the cocks I enjoy sucking, I love nothing more than being on my knees between a fat or chubby guy's legs.

Maybe it has something to do with the fact that I am a fit, attractive guy that has never had issues getting with women (not trying to sound conceited there). Maybe I enjoy knowing that while I COULD be getting blown by/fucking a girl, I sometimes prefer submitting to a chubby guy that girls would usually ignore. We all have our turn ons. Again, I don't want to kiss him, receive any head from him, do anything anal-related with him, just suck a big man's cock. Alas, now you have the basic M.O. of Casey's Revenge.

This all starts in the past. High school.

Growing up, I was always fit and fairly popular in school. It helped that my buddies and I spent a lot of time playing pick up hockey at the indoor rink. We were good at hockey but too rebellious to ever join the high school team. We thought we were so badass.

So one day during senior year (shortly after my 18th birthday), just another hockey day for us, we're at the rink picking teams while the "girls that dig hockey players" sat in the bleachers whispering to each other and giggling. Like I said, just another day. And then, HE showed up...

Out onto the ice, fumbling and tripping, came Casey - one of the fat kids in our grade. There was rumor going around that he might also be gay. He was not very popular, and usually the bud of jokes by people like me and my buddies.

His fake practice jersey 2 sizes too small, exposing his out of shape body embarrassingly, he waddled over fumbling with his helmet. We stopped for a moment on the ice and watched him as he approached...

"Hey guys can I join in?" he asked.

Now I'd known Casey liked hockey probably as much as the rest of us, but just didn't have the physique to be good at it, or at least my judgmental self thought so. He wanted to play, but now the girls were laughing at him instead of giggling about us. I was a young dumb jerk, so I acted how I thought I had to.

"Uh, no man. We don't need you..." I said, even though we were a man short on the ice and EVERYBODY knew it.

"Come on just let me play" he asked again...

"Get off the ice, Casey!" screamed my buddy Steve.

"But I can..." started Casey before I got annoyed and let loose.

"Casey, you're fat! You're a fat fuckin' fag! We don't want you to play with us! Fuck off!!" I screamed.

The rink got silent as the guys and girls watched Casey's face sink, humiliated and made to feel inferior by me. I felt good, being a young bully jock type of douche. His head drooped and he waddled back to the bench and off the ice, never making another attempt to play with us. In fact, he never spoke to us again in school either. The guys and girls made me feel cool about it, but I never expected that the altercation with Casey would come back to bite me so badly...

To briefly summarize the years following high school, I went to college where I continued to play hockey into my twenties (finally maturing enough to play for the school team), met a gorgeous girl named Gwen, and had the whole world in my hands. At least it felt like that for a time.

I was only getting better at hockey in college, on par to maybe make a pro league someday. The problem was, I was so committed to the game that I let things falter with Gwen. Like the typical douchey jock that I was, I was getting attention from a girl or two on the side as well. But I wasn't making enough time to see her and I didn't notice how badly we were becoming distanced. Then one day during our last year, it all came together, crashing down on me...

I had felt bad about not seeing Gwen in awhile, and decided to make a day for the two of us. I called her and it went to voicemail. So I decided I'd walk over to her room and surprise her. As I approached her door, I could hear moaning coming from the other side. I became startled and reached for the knob, hoping it was open. It was and I opened the door quickly...

There was Gwen, on all fours on the floor, wearing just one of my hockey jerseys, getting fucked from behind by...a FAT GUY!! I couldn't believe what I was seeing!! My mind was in a blur and I thought I was dreaming. He had his hands on her hips pulling her back onto his cock and his big, hairy, sweaty belly was resting on her ass. His fat was jiggling with each thrust and his glasses were fogging up. It was hideous!! But I couldn't look away...

They were facing away from the door so hadn't noticed me yet, and I stood in awe as she shoved her ass back onto his fat cock over and over, wearing a jersey with MY name and number on it!! How the fuck could this happen?! To ME?! Like THIS?! I was attractive, athletic, popular, and she's getting railed by one of her nerdy fat classmates?! 

Standing in the doorway, I looked down the hall at Gwen's girlfriends standing there whispering to each other and giggling while staring at me. Then I realized, they knew. They'd probably known since the start, whenever that was. I thought of the humiliation I felt, the inferiority. Just like I made that fat kid Casey feel years ago...

I quietly approached them from behind, and as I got closer, I could see his cock going in and out of Gwen's pussy, her giggling in ecstasy with each thrust. I stopped for a moment, just staring at it, as I realized it was so large!! Great, first I'm humiliated because I lost my girl to a fat guy, and now I have to see that his cock is bigger than mine. I wanted to crawl into a hole and die. But I couldn't stop looking at his cock and watching his sweaty belly jiggle on top of her ass. You could see hairs from his body caked onto her sweaty ass. It all seemed so gross. So wrong. So naughty. And suddenly, my cock stirred a bit...

"What the hell is happening?!" I thought to myself. "Why was I finding an attraction to this wrong of all wrongs happening in front of me?! Why was my mind racing like this?!" I started wondering why she'd choose him. "Why a fat guy?! What is a fat guy like?! Why is his cock so big? I wonder how it must feel for her to dump me for him. I wonder if she's sucked that big hard cock of his before. I wonder if she's swallowed his load. I wonder what that feels..."

I had to get a grip on my thoughts here! My cock was semi-hard in my pants now and I had to stop this now before my mind races again. As I reach out to grab his shoulder...

He grunts out loud "Ohh I'm cumming!!" 

"Yeeeeeahhhh!!" screams Gwen just as I pull on his shoulder and pull him back. As he stumbles back, his cock pops out of Gwen's pussy, continuing to shoot cum all over the back of my hockey jersey and Gwen's ass. He turns toward me as he falls over, continuing to shoot as one of his last streams fires out and lands right on my crotch. He looks up shocked, and Gwen turns, eyes closed, just mumbling "I'm sor..mmm..whatever..."

"What the fuck is this?!" I yell, thinking I'm still the alpha male here and am gonna have to kick his ass. Trying to control the situation, I demand "Who the fuck are you? I don't recognize you"...

At first, he seems scared, chuckling out "Um, Nick. Uh, I'm just, uh a freshman..." while Gwen slowly turned around to face me.

Now I was even more pissed. Nick was fat, hairy, nerdy, AND younger than me?! Some nineteen year old loser?! Come on!! But just as I was about to throw him out of Gwen's room so we could talk, he spoke up...

"Uh, dude? Why are you hard?" he asks, sounding brave all of a sudden as he glances down at my hard cock in my pants, soaked in his cum. Hearing that, Gwen's jaw drops as she sees my cock, writhing to escape my pants. I look down, and my face becomes immediately bright red. I'm so embarrassed. I got hard watching a fat guy fuck my girlfriend and cum on me. What had happened to me?!

My bow of shame became interrupted by a flash sound. I glanced up to see Gwen taking a picture of me on her phone, and she started laughing. 

"How could you?" I asked...

"I knew about the other girls, asshole." She darted back. "Payback's a bitch, but THIS is priceless..." pointing at my hard cock.

My voice cracking and weak now, I ask "But why..." and am interrupted by Nick, who now sounds like the alpha male in the room...

"Uh, I know this is a lot right now, but I think you have other issues to deal with at the moment..." he says, noticing me glancing down at his semi-hard, soaked cock underneath that big belly, between those big thick legs...

Shit, my mind is racing again...

Gwen notices me staring, and says "Oh my! I think he likes the look of your cock! O.M.G. No way..." with a vicious grin on...

Hearing that made me feel wrong, humiliated, and excited for some reason. But I had to make a stand. Still looking at Nick's cock, I tell them both "I'm not a fag, fuck that"...

"But you're not even staring at me. You're staring at Nick's cock, and you're hard." She says...

Then, as they both continue to sit on the floor, Gwen quickly lifts her leg up and over his thick leg, and starts massaging his cock with her foot. It begins to get a bit harder. Seeing this, my cock stirs big time in my pants. Gwen knows she's got me now.

"Ha! The big hunky hockey player is intrigued by dick?" she asks playfully.

"No!!" I yell immediately, but can't hide my tenting cock in my pants.

She finally giggles and says, "Get out. Nick and I have to finish studying..." while her foot massages his cock. "You and I are done, closet boy..."

Awestruck and humiliated, even defeated, I turn around to walk away. As I walk, Nick says "Hey..."

I turn around to once more see his hard cock, with Gwen's hand now wrapped around it. He says "Can you shut the door on the way out?" And that was it. I'd had every bit of my pride and integrity stripped down there as I submissively closed the door and started down the hallway.

While I walked, I heard a bunch of notifications go off and began seeing Gwen's friends laugh and point at my crotch, seeing Nick's cum stain. She'd sent the picture. I was fucked. 

That seriously fucked me up for the rest of my school year. I started skipping games and practices, drinking more, missing classes, and fucked up my nearly free ride in life. I'd become as much of a recluse as I could be while still getting by till graduation. I was a joke to everybody there, a fag now, even though I'd never done anything with a guy. And the worst part was, I started to think they were right...

After graduation, I returned to my hometown, a failure as a hockey player, but still a graduate enough to land a sustainable job. Luckily nobody back home knew of my college humiliation, so I was the cool guy again. There was a sense of comfort in that I guess. But the cool guy had his secrets...

I had to admit it to myself, there was something about seeing Nick's cock shooting a huge load in college that triggered something in my brain. They were right. Nick was right, Gwen was right. I was curious about cock. But not only cock, fat guy's cocks!! I had become obsessed...

It started with straight porn. I found myself starting to look more at the cocks than the women altogether. Then it was pics of cocks. Then I started looking for vids of cocks shooting their loads. Then searched "chubs" shooting their loads. Then chubs getting head. After awhile, I realized I was always jerking off to chubby guy's shooting a load or getting blown. I didn't even try with straight porn anymore!! What had happened?! What would my friends think?! I was supposed to be the hot popular one!! This will never be accepted!! But I couldn't stop wanting to see those cocks...

After awhile, I began to fantasize more and more about sucking a fat guy's cock. I decided I needed to do it to find out. It was okay, I wasn't gay, right? Uh, right?

I joined a dating site for gay guys and created a profile. Took pics to post online and everything. The entire time I felt so naughty doing it. So wrong. But I was so hard and horny at the same time. I began searching out and talking to chubby and fat guys in my area, always explaining how not gay I was but that I just wanted to try it out But I would always chicken out or feel guilty, like "I can't undo this. Once I suck a cock, I'm a cocksucker for life, etc". Most of the guys grew impatient with me and ignored me after awhile. 

But there was this one guy that was only a few miles away that stuck in there with me. He chatted with me on the site late at night, knew how to get me hard and horny, had a sexy body based on his pics (keeping in mind that for me, sexy now meant chubby, hairy, and with a big, cut cock. Thanks, Nick...), and was a gay top. For some reason, I needed it to be a gay guy and he had the confidence to take control. We never exchanged names or info, just talked real dirty about how much I wanted to worship his cock and take load after load of his. We eventually decided to swap numbers.

Finally, one day, he texts that we should meet so I can swallow his load. I get that flushed nervous feeling, not sure what to do, knowing I want it but I don't at the same time. I finally tell myself "Fuck it, go for it. Nobody has to know this secret." and agree to meet him at a public place we both knew of. A park. He said he'd be at the little bridge by the old bench and I knew exactly what he meant, being a longtime townie. And that brings us to today...

I'm approaching the bridge now and I see an obviously chubby guy with his back to me standing there. We agreed on a word at meeting for confirmation. That word is 'SLICE'. We don't look at each other as I stand next to him looking over the bridge, and I gently say "I sure would love a slice of pizza..."

He still looks forward and confidently says "What a coincidence, I've got a slice...". In that moment I can't help but recognize that voice. Then we turn to one another...

Casey.

Gay Casey.

Gay Casey that I used to bully and make fun of in school. 

Gay Casey that was 5' 8", around 260 lbs, curly black hair, wearing tight jeans and t-shirt, and now had a huge smile on his face that read "I recognize you immediately..."

Of all the people in the world that this could've been, it had to be Gay Casey...

My face suddenly sinks in shameful horror and my jaw drops. He boastfully says "Well look who it is!"

Nervous and embarrassed, I reply "Oh, wow. Uh, hi...Casey, right?"

He has that douchey smirk on his face because he knows what I'm feeling right now. "Yep. Casey. Aww, you remembered...". I can't help but blush a bit. He knows he's in total control and I hate it.

Weakly, I say "So uh, what've you been up to? Still around town I see?"

He continues to smile, loving every moment of this. "Yep, still here. And queer. And I'm totally out, obviously. Looks like everyone was right about me in high school..." and then he laughs. I nervously laugh with him. Then he continues on...

"But it looks like everybody was wrong about you, weren't they?" now with a confident authoritative voice. Son of a bitch. He's gonna make me go through every moment of this for what I did to him as a kid. Ashamed and guilty, I deny it, albeit quietly as I lean in to whisper to him "Look. I'm not gay."

Just then, an attractive woman our age walks by on the bridge, walking her dog. The kind of girl I know I could get a number out of. Casey waits until she's right next to us and says loud enough for her to hear: "Oh but online you said you wanted to suck my cock..."

I turn beet red as I notice the woman glancing over, eyes widened. Casey is still smiling at me. She continues walking, obviously having heard us and my cock starts to stir in my pants as a result of what he was doing. He was humiliating me for humiliating him. And it was turning me on...

But no! I couldn't do this! Not with him. I couldn't suck his cock. Not me. He's fat and nerdy and I'm still pretty attractive. I can find a girl. But do I want one right now?

I have to back out! I'm getting hard but feeling chicken again but wanting it but am scared what the fuck?! I tell him "Uh, look Casey. This was obviously a big mistake so I think I'm just gonna..." but Casey interrupts...

"It's very ironic, what's happening, don't you think? The popular guy that was so mean to me as a kid now in an awkward situation where he has to admit to himself that he wants to swallow my load. What WOULD our friends think?"

Our friends? What was he talking about. We never hung out with the same people in high school. Then he tells me...

"You know it's five years since graduation this year. Reunion time. I work for the school now. And I'm involved in the reunion committee." His smile gets bigger than I thought possible.

"I'll be talking to a lot of our friends. Very soon. Isn't that like so fun?!" He says, acting sarcastic with a flair of evil pleasure. He continues. "I think finding out that the star hockey player is sucking my cock ought to become the talk of the town! Don't you?" winking at me...

Getting more and more nervous, but more and more excited. My heart is racing now, I feel the butterflies in the stomach thing! But why?! Why while he's humiliating me?! I glance down at his crotch, seeing his belly drape over his pants like a slob. Then I think about his online pics. He has a big cock somewhere in those pants...

My cock gets hard in my pants and he notices. "Oh my!" he says. "The truth comes out! Oh no, I don't think we've made a mistake here at all..." I interrupt.

"Look I've never done anything with a guy. I still haven't. You've got no proof so just leave me alone Casey!" I get nervous as I don't feel confident telling him off like that...

Casey then reminds me "I have our dirty sext conversation right here in my phone. They'll see it's your number that sent me texts saying things like how you wanna rub my fat thighs while you bob up and down on my cock..."

"You wouldn't Casey!" I yell.

"Oh I am." he says, matter-of-factly with a sly grin. 

"I didn't know it was you..." I tell him.

"I don't care. Now I'll make you a deal right now. Since you were such an asshole growing up, I'm gonna show everybody these texts and tell them you're sucking my cock..."

"I didn't!! Please don't!!" I say.

He fires back. "Unless! Unless you DO suck my cock. We go back to your place right now and you swallow my load and I'll just...hold onto these texts..." 

"Cant...can't I just say I'm sorry?" I ask.

"Oh no. It's too late for that. You had years to apologize. All of a sudden you feel remorse? Bullshit. This is on." He tells me.

I couldn't believe it. The fat little shit was blackmailing me. Blackmailing ME?! But despite all of it, fuck, I was enjoying it for some reason. Feeling debased, humiliated, inferior, it made me so hard. Knowing a nerdy fat little guy like Casey got the best of me and was making me suck his cock was turning me on. And turning me out apparently...

I realize we're both hard at this point. He sees it too. He leans in and says "Take me to your place. Face it. I've got you. You always won when we were kids. This time I won." That drove me wild for some reason. I don't know what Casey was doing, but knowing he was getting his revenge on me by humiliating me and making me submit to his cock drove me wilder than any moment with any girl...
