 Six weeks after we found ourselves stranded on an unnamed island, we had developed a rhythm to the isolated life we were given. Relying heavily on each other for survival, we divided our daily tasks, exchanging chores to break up the monotony, and grew close to form a mutually dependent relationship. We both began to grow beards, and our skin tanned in the sun. Soon I was almost as dark as he was, highlighting my blonde body hair.

Sleeping together helped forge an almost romantic partnership that I had never experienced before. Despite the lack of sex between us, we had developed a deep and meaningful bromance, exchanging stories around the fire of our lives before the island. Nothing was out of bounds, and our deepest secrets were soon revealed, not only bringing us to an understanding of each other, but a deeper understanding of our selves.

One night, about four weeks into our life together, as we were snuggled in bed, I felt him thrust what I was sure was his hard cock into my thigh. I froze up, wondering if I had just imagined it, but was certain after it happened again. I turned toward him, pushed him on his back and straddled his hips, pressing his cock between my cloth bound ass cheeks.

"You want this?" I asked him. He responded by thrusting upward a couple of times before rotating me under him, half off the bed as he dry humped me. I wrapped my legs around his waist, enjoying the feel of his big, clothed cock rubbing against me. 

He lay across me, with my hard-on pressed between us, stimulated with his body moving against me, I realized it wouldn't take long before I climaxed in my pants. 

"Oh, God, yes!" I moaned, "Don't stop."

"I don't know how long I can hold back," he breathed into my ear.

He dry humped me until he came in his pants, the friction of his body against mine bringing me to orgasm shortly before he did. We lay together, bound in our embrace until we caught our breath, the slowly divided.

"I'm sorry about that," Steve exhaled next to me.

"Don't be," I told him, "I needed that as much as you did."

"Yeah, but you're gay. I'm not. I took advantage of the situation."

"The way I see it, as long as we're alone on this island, there is no such thing as gay or straight. The drive to have sex is strong, and we're all we have."

"I guess you're right."

We stripped out of our cum coated clothes and settled back into sleep together, breathy and satiated.

"That probably shouldn't have happened." He told me.

"We rely on each other for everything else, I don't see how this would be any different."

He didn't answer me. He just lay back and curled me into one of his arms. With my head in the crook of his arm and my fingers playing with his chest hair, we fell into sleep as we always did, the last of our borders dissolving away.

Two weeks later, we had become accustomed to sleeping in the nude, warmed by the fire and our body heat. We often walked around the beach in the buff, but always dressed when we went into the interior of the island. What we were washed on shore with was all we had to wear, and we began to think of those clothes as our armor, nothing more than tools to be used when needed. Our nudity became common place and seemed to cement our friendship in a way I don't think either of us expected. Once, while watching him move in his sexy way, I boned up and turned beet red when he noticed. Instead of making a big deal of it, he playfully slapped at it.

"Maybe later," he told me, "We have work to do now."

Nothing came of it though. By the time we were in bed and had time to play, we were both exhausted from our daily tasks and fell quickly to sleep.

The next day, we decided to go for another water run at the waterfall. We had collected so many washed up plastic bottles that we tied them to tree branches with vines, each carrying multiple bottles into the heart of the island. 

With our bottles filled, we decided to take a bath in the clean water, something we often did on water runs. While we bathed daily in the ocean, bathing in the clean water, rinsing off the salt of the surf from our bodies, was a welcome luxury. After we were finished playing and splashing about, we climbed onto the bank and lay in the grass to dry off.

As we lay there, Steve rolled onto his side and moved in close to me.

"I'm glad you're here with me," he smiled down at me, "I don't know what I would have done without you." He leaned in and kissed me. It was a soft, exploratory kiss at first, but it soon melted into one of passion. Feeling my cock harden, I wrapped my arms around his neck, pulling him into me. 

"He pulled away and looked down at my hard-on, then touched his own erection. It was the first time I had seen him hard, and his cock was huge compared to mine. I was pretty proud of my seven inches, but Steve had a couple of inches on me, and he was much thicker. 

Taking this as my cue, I lowered my head into his lap and began sucking the thick shaft with all I had to give him. His cock was thicker at the base than at the head, making it nearly impossible to deep throat, but I gave it all I had, eventually stretching my jaw to the breaking point while his length slid down my overstuffed throat. I pulled off, pleased with myself and looked up at him.

He pushed past me and took my dick into his mouth, sucking my cock with unexpected precision. The warm, wet suction of his lips and tongue moved me quickly into a heat of passion I hadn't felt in a long time. I twisted away from him just long enough to change my position, taking his cock back into my mouth as I presented him with my own. Together we sixty-nined, our pleasure mounting with each engulfment. Steve was soon deep throating my cock as I swallowed his length and girth with greater difficulty. 

He pulled away from me and moved in between my legs, spitting on my hole before mounting me. I was glad I wasn't a virgin when he pushed the big head of his cock into me. Nevertheless, I winced as the familiar twinge of pain shot up my ass. He pushed gently into me, and my rectum stretched painfully around his increasing girth. By the time he was buried completely inside me, I was feeling the pleasure of being so full of him.

He began fucking me slowly, as if he was aware that I needed to become accustomed to the size of his cock forced up my ass. His rhythm increased, and I felt his thickness massaging my prostate, causing waves of pleasure to wash over me. The faster he thrust his cock into me, the more I was certain he was going to make me cum. I was delirious with ecstasy, screaming out his name, begging him not to stop. Something broke inside me, like a dam, and I was soon shooting cum between us. He thrust into me until I stopped cumming and released his seed deep within me, collapsing on top of me, kissing my neck where he buried his face.

After a few minutes, we both caught our breath and separated, laying together in the grass for a while. Without a word, we bathed again, cleaning cum from both our bodies, our hands on each other, kisses shared, arms and legs entangled in the water. We were no longer just companions, but lovers.