 "Is that what I think it is, or am I hallucinating?" I asked Steve.

"That's no hallucination!" he screamed excitedly, "You know the drill." We both crawled back into the cave. He grabbed our shorts and the flare gun while I lit the torch we kept on hand to light the big bonfire we had built to signal possible boats, along side the giant X we built out of black stone on the beach- the universal signal of distress for passing planes.

On the beach, I lit the bonfire, which caught quickly, lighting the shore like a small sun. Steve slipped into his shorts, tied around the waist with a vine because he had lost so much weight. I did the same while he began shooting our only flares into the sky. If this didn't work, we may be doomed to live on this island for the rest of our lives.

We watched breathlessly as the boat continued to pass the island, then slowly began to change course. They had seen us and were on their way! My heart leapt into my throat and I felt tears sting my eyes. 

It took forever before a boat was launched and our rescuers made their way to land. We looked at each other expectantly, smiling at the chance of being rescued. Steve caught me up in a big hug, twirling me around in a circle of excitement. We rejoiced and danced in the sand. Our ordeal was finally coming to an end.

Back on the boat, a yacht chartered by a wealthy couple on vacation, we spoke to the Captain, explaining what happened. The couple was very sympathetic, learning who I was. The Bennet name was more recognizable after news broke that our yacht had vanished at sea and there was some controversy as to how my father's company would go forward, not knowing if he was dead or alive. It was something I would need to address when I got home, and I had no idea of how to proceed on that front.

We were treated to hamburgers and French fries, at our request, from a chef who had probably never been asked for such a meal before. It was delicious, topped only by the hot shower that preceeded it. It was strange to take a shower and roam about the boat in fluffy white robes while the stews washed our old clothes. We were soon beginning to feel like normal people again, strengthened by the sudden nourishment in our bodies.

We were given cabins to sleep in, which Steve was delighted about since he was more accustomed to sleeping in the crew's tight quarters. We parted and headed into our cabins to get some sleep. I closed the door, aware that our love affair was probably over, especially after the stewardesses flirted with Steve after he was all cleaned up and as handsome as he ever was, despite the loss of weight. I, on the other hand, came from a well to do background that kept them at an arm's length, though very polite. 

The following morning, we were treated to a sumptuous breakfast. The Captain radioed ahead and there was a gaggle of journalists waiting on the dock for us. Everything had been arranged by my father's company to set us up in a hotel until arrangements were made to take us back to the United States. 

A representative would be sent to assure I had everything I needed, and I reminded him that I wasn't alone. I also insisted he tip the crew of the yacht handsomely for their part in our rescue. We spent the day hunting for clothes and other necessities, laughing about how easy it was to get everything we could possible want. I bought Steve a sterling silver Zippo to replace the lighter he left on the island. Once more, we ended the day in our own rooms. I stood in the window for hours working through my feelings. I was sure I had a shot of working out our lives together, but Steve's actions seemed to reveal something very different. No longer did we sleep together, bathe together, make love to each other. We were slowly parting into our own lives, and the pain of it was awful. I finally cried myself to sleep sometime after midnight, dreaming of being back on the island, back in Steve's arms.

The following morning, the young, nervous representative announced we were going home, presenting us with plane tickets. We ate our breakfast quietly, occasionally smiling at each other nervously.

"So, what do you have planned for when we get back home?" I asked him.

"That depends on you." He took a bite of his eggs as if there wasn't a concern on his mind.

"How do you mean?" I asked. 

"What do you want to do?" He looked up at me. Concern finally marred his face. "Unless you're dumping me."

"I thought you were done with me already," I told him, "You've been acting distant, indifferent."

"I didn't want to display any hint of what went on between us on the island. I didn't think it was anyone's business but our own."

"So, we're still together?"

"I'm in love with you," he reassured me, taking my hand, "This is all still kind of new to me, and being in civilization makes it all that more strange, but I want you. I need you." I started to tear up, and he quickly caught my tear with his thumb. Leaning across the table, he kissed me softly. I was suddenly aware that we were in my room and my cock began to harden with the return of our intimacy. "The only way you're getting rid of me is if you throw me out of your life."

We took advantage of being alone again and made our way to the bed, stripping out of our clothes while we kissed and grappled at each other. Steve pushed me onto the bed and went down on me, sucking my cock into his hungry mouth. I was soon close to climax and pushed him off me so I could return the favor. As always, I had to stretch my mouth around his thick shaft, then began to work his cock in and out of my mouth, enjoying the feel of him inside me as I never had before. 

Slipping his cock free, he pulled my legs up and quickly entered me, filling my ass with his length and girth. I squealed with excitement as he began fucking me, as he had a hundred times before. My prostate was screaming as his cock manipulated it, washing me with waves of pleasure that mounted one on top of another until I was drowning in a sea of ecstasy. I looked down and saw precum begin to pool on my stomach around the head of my cock.

He fucked me hard, working his cock the best he could, knowing he could make me cum. His assault on my ass seemed urgent, like he needed to prove himself, like he needed me to cum for him. My cock began drooling precum like a spicket, and I was soon shooting ropes of cum all over my belly. He thrust into me a few times more before unloading his balls into my ass. 

After we eventually parted, we lay in bed together, snuggled and satiated. There was no need for words, only our silent conversation of kisses and stroking. 

The representative knocked at the door and we quickly slipped into some clothes, laughing quietly as Steve answered the door. He looked at us, our mussed hair and embarrassed faces and put two and two together. He smiled, but he said nothing. It was time to go home.

We stayed in my father's house while I arranged to sell my father's portion of the company. We decided to get a little place that gave us plenty of privacy. It was a small cabin in the middle of the woods, surrounded by one hundred acres of land. Here we could evade the press and the prying eyes of the world. It was isolation that brought us together, and it was in our own private world, an island of our own making, remained together.