 I should start off by saying that I am a 40 year old married man. I have always been attracted to men around my age. Mostly bear types, and definitely masculine. I guess being in the closet, and not very experienced, I had my own assumptions as to what other gay men were like. For example, feminine means bottom, or not manly. Younger means submissive, and/or bottom. I found out recently that this isn't always true.

I was on my way home, but I was feeling really horny. I pulled up my trusty ole hookup site, and within minutes I was messaging a guy I had been messaging earlier that week. He usually couldn't host, but was house sitting for a friend and asked if I was interested. Now, normally I wouldn't because he is 25. I decided that I was too horny to pass on a sure thing. The fact that he was heavier set, and "if" anything other than oral happened, that he is strictly a top. Usually most guys that message me are bottoms, and I'm usually good with that since I am mostly a top, but versatile, the chances I get to bottom excite me.

I accepted his invite. When I arrived, he was more attractive than I expected. He led me to the guest room, where we both stripped. I laid on my back when I got on the bed. He laid next to me and we started making out and rubbing each other all over. It was pretty hot. I still wasn't sure where this would lead, since I had never been with anyone so much younger than me.

Eventually he moved down my body. Licking and sucking my nipples. Then down to my cock. It really seemed like he was trying to serve me, or make me happy. I thought he was trying to be submissive. He laid between my legs and was giving me great head. I resigned myself to the fact that this appeared to be just and oral session. 

Then he readjusted himself, and slid his legs under mine. He would jack off his cock and mine together, and every few seconds lean over and suck on me. This was turning me on. Then he did the unexpected. He spit on his cock, and started rubbing his cock head on my asshole while he was stroking my cock.

This drove me nuts. I was moaning loudly. He would pull away, spit on his cock again, and start rubbing my hole 2 or 3 times. I didn't know whether he planned to stick it in me or not, but I couldn't wait to find out. So when he was rubbing my hole with his cock head, he would push a little harder at it every so often, but never pushed hard enough to go in. I waited until he did this again, and as he was pushing, I forced my hips down hard. Basically sitting on his cock, while on my back.

His cock popped into me. He was moaning, and seemed really excited that he was inside me now. I moaned and said "That feels so good. Fuck me baby." Then, being the 25 year old with so much stamina and flexibility, he leaned back on his hands and started shoving in and out of me. 

His cock was the perfect size for this position. It was about 6 inches, and a nice width. Best of all, he had an amazing soft mushroom head on it. With us being intertwined that way, his cock was hitting my prostate every time. I was moaning. He was moaning. We even talked a little dirty, although I don't recall most of what we said. 

I do remember him asking if I "liked that cock in me?"

I definitely liked it. He fucked me for a good 20 minutes like this. Finally I couldn't hold out any longer, and started cumming. I was shooting ropes of cum all over my stomach, chest, neck, and even hit my face and the bed.

That put him over the edge as well. While I was shooting, I could feel his cock expand and started shooting inside me. While he was still sliding in and out, I could feel this huge load inside my hole. 

Then when we were both done, we just laid there, with him still in me, for a few minutes. He then got up and grabbed a towel for me and I wiped off, and got dressed. He said that "This was amazing."and that we would "Have to do this again."

I knew this was his way of saying "We're done, you can go."

I thought this was so dismissive of him, but I liked it, and it turned me on even more. I left with my ass hole and butt cheeks filled with his massive load. I would slip my hand between my legs and finger my ass while I drove.

Later that night, I checked the site out, and he messaged me, saying that he had a good time, and wanted to do it again. I gave him my burner email account, so we don't have to log in just to message. He has emailed me everyday. He has told me what he has in store for me, and what he is going to do to me. He has been so domineering in our messages, it has me jacking off to them at least three time a day. We are planning to meet up soon at a local park, and have him pound me. I can't wait.