 I had read about glory holes and cock sucking a lot on the web. I loved sucking cock in my younger days but hadn't had any cock since I had married many years ago. Since the wife was getting less and less interested in sex, I guess I was getting more and more interested in porn and experimenting.

I didn't know how to start. I couldn't go to an adult bookstore. I might get caught. I couldn't go off and meet some guy because I work with my wife. Too hard to get away. So I resigned myself to reading about dick and dreaming.

That changed when I started fishing at a different lake. 

I had always fished at the same lake whenever I could get away. The wife would go shopping with friends and I would have a day on the lake. I went to a new lake about 25 miles from my house. I drove around looking for a place to put in my boat. Near the boat dock was a set of rest rooms. 

There were two stalls with private doors to each. I stepped in and saw my first glory hole in real life. It was a hole about 6 inches across right at cock height. There were also a few smaller peak holes cut that allowed you to sit on the stool and watch the guy beside you if you were so inclined. One hole was set to give a good view of a guy standing up to pee and the other lower so you could see his lap when he sat down.

It was obvious from the stains on the wall and floor that it was an active place. I took a seat and waited to see if anything happened. After about five minutes I heard a car pull up. The driver got out and opened door to the stall next to mine. He hesitated at the hole a bit. I didn't know if he was getting ready to bolt or just checking to see if someone were on the other side.

I heard his belt and zipper opening and soon he sat on the stool next to mine. I had my semi-hard cock hidden just in case he was not here to play. I watched him through the small hole. When he finished peeing it looked as if he were shaking off the excess but it was taking quite a few more shakes than normal.

I realized that he was working on getting his dick hard but trying not to show his dick yet just in case.

I didn't really know what to do so I pulled up my semi-hard dick and started to openly stroke it. It was soon fully hard and 6.5 inches long. I was jacking off in slow, deliberate stokes. I knew he was watching me. I could see his hand moving between his legs but couldn't see his dick. In a moment he put his hand to the hole and indicated I should put my hard cock through.

I stood up and let my shorts fall to the ground. I move my dick to the little window and put it through. I thought for a moment that I have no idea what will happen next. Will he suck me, jack me off or cut off my cock? 

Within a second I felt his hand wrap around my penis. He was lightly rubbing my shaft with one hand and lifting my balls with the other. It felt incredible. I knew between the horniness I was feeling and the fact that this was so forbidden, I wouldn't last long.

He stopped rubbing my cock and pushed his own through the hole. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. The fact that it was a live, hard cock presented for me to pleasure was one thing but this dick was so small; much smaller than I expected. It was about the size of my thumb in both length and girth. 

I was a bit disappointed at first. I had expected a big, cut cock; at least the same size as mine and here I have a rather small dick to play with instead. I began to rub it between my fingers. I loved the feel of the soft skin surrounding the hard shaft. I reached down and took his balls in my left hand. They were rather large; Much larger than mine in fact.

As I played with this dick my disappointment melted away. I realized that with the smaller size I can try some things I have read about on the web and see how they feel. 

I put my dick next to his and wrapped my hand around both. I began to jack up both off. I was leaning back so that I could see clearly what was happening. The visual stimulation was as great as the physical. Soon I had picked up the pace and was jacking us off at full speed.

In a moment he pulled back through the hole. I feared I had done something wrong but when his hand reached back to my cock I knew I had not. He pulled me closer to the hole and I saw part of his face and mouth for the first time. 

He was clean shaven and kind of chubby in the face. He opened his mouth and I put my dick inside. I leaded forward so that my tummy was against the wall and my whole cock was at his disposal. Damn! He was a great cock sucker! He had done this before I knew. He took my whole dick in his mouth and sucked hard. At the same time he was rubbing the space between my balls and asshole. MMm I was in heaven.

I knew I would be cumming soon if he kept it up. I pulled back and said "I am going to cum baby." He said "Good. Cum in my mouth." And he opened his mouth fully.

I began to fuck that face and felt the sensation of cum shooting up from the balls he was rubbing, through the shaft he was sucking and into his warm wet mouth. Mmmmm I loved it! I shot cum for a very long time it felt.

When I finished shooting I knew I needed him to cum in my mouth too. I dropped to my knees and said "Please cum in my mouth too!"

He must have liked hearing that. His hard cock was through the wall in a flash. I took my tongue and swirled it all around the head. I teased his pee hole with the tip on my tongue. I took the whole thing in my mouth and buried my nose in his pubic hair. 

I began to move my head around as if I were trying to draw a figure eight in his pubic hair with my nose. All the while I was running the tip of my tongue up and down the underside.

I reached under and began to rub the area between his balls and ass. The moment I touched his tight little rosebud, he started to cum in buckets. Wow!! That dick might have been under size but those balls were filled to the brim. He filled my mouth with a few shots. I pulled back to swallow and felt 4 more shots on my lips and chin. Swallowed and licked and sucked until he was cleaned off completely.

Still on my knees I leaned back and watched as he pulled up his underwear and shorts. He zipped and buckled and walked out the door.

As I stood up I heard his car door open. I heard a female voice say "Is everything ok?" 

He said "Just fine. Just took a while to get it all out. "

I stayed in the restroom until I heard them pull away. I walked out and back to my truck and boat. When I got home from my fishing trip my wife asked if I got any. 

I told her "I got one. It was not very big but a lot of fun to play with." I think I will go back there again soon.