 Stan and I met in high school and immediately became best friends. We went everywhere together. After graduation we went our separate ways to college but we both returned to our home town. We both got married and settled down. My wife and I would see Stan and Carol every now and then and the four of us always had a good time.

One day not long ago I got a call from Stan asking if I could come by. I said sure, Sally and I could be there in about a half hour. "No" Stan said, "Can you come alone?"

"Sure" I said, "what's up?"

"I just need to talk." 

"OK, I'm on my way."

On the drive to Stan's house I wondered what could be going on? Are he and Carol ok? Did something happen to one of their kids?

Stan met me at the door and showed me in. Carol was not around, so I asked "What's Carol up to today?"

"Carol is gone" Stan said sadly. "She left me".

My mind could hardly grasp what he was saying. Stan and Carol seemed the perfect couple, deeply in love. Stan met Carol at college. They were married shortly after graduation and had raised two sons, both of which now lived in separate cities far away. He seemed so forlorn, like his world was ending. 

We sat down in the living room. "So, what happened?" I asked. Stan paused.

"She came home early from work one day and found me in bed... with another man." Now my mind was totally blown. I had no idea Stan was gay. Thoughts raced through my mind, when should I have noticed? What clues did I miss?

I did not know what to say but Stan sensed my confusion. "I am bi Rick. I discovered that side of me when I was in college. While I love Carol with all my heart, there are times I need to touch and be touched by a man." Wow, what was I hearing? My friend of many years was coming out to me. My heart was full, I never felt more connected to him than at that moment. I stood and opened my arms to give him a supportive hug. He stood too and we embraced.

He held me tight and I returned the energy. I felt his hands move down to my ass. He cupped my cheeks and squeezed. Now my mind was really going wild. Did Stan want me? I'd never been naked with another man, but had fantasized about it often. I would occasionally masturbate to gay porn but that was it. I stood there, not moving and Stan then kissed my neck. "I want you" he whispered into my ear. My cock immediately showed its approval. I felt the surge as it started to fill. What was going on? What was I going to do? My cock answered all of my questions for me as it was now rock hard. 

Stan looked into my eyes and did not say a word. I silently looked back, my eyes telling him everything he needed to know. He pulled me close to him again and pulled my shirt out of my pants. He reached into my jeans and caressed my bare ass. He touched my hole and I thought I was going to explode. I moaned as he pulled my shirt up over my head. I reached and did the same to him. Bare chested he leaned into me and kissed me on the lips. I instinctively opened my lips and his tongue explored my mouth. Now I thought my cock was going to crack off it was so hard. 

Stan caressed my nipples as he kissed me. He moved his hand down to my crotch and felt my hardness. He smiled his approval as he undid my belt and the button to my jeans. He moved down to his knees as he pulled my pants and boxers down to reveal my rock-hard throbbing cock. He looked up at me and smiled as he took it into his hand and began stroking it. He kissed just the head and cupped my aching balls with his hand. I reached down and pulled him up. I now wanted his cock more than anything in the world. I stepped out of my pants and was now naked. I wanted Stan naked too. I dropped to my knees and took his pants and shorts to his ankles quickly. There staring me in the face was Stan's manhood. He too was rock hard; it was long and thin with a very big mushroom head. He stepped out of his pants and pulled me up to him. We stood facing each other, naked and hard. 

He pulled me close again and kissed me. Our cocks touched which sent chills up my spine. He reached down and took my cock in his hand. He pulled me, lead me to his bedroom. He led me to his bed, laid me on my back and climbed on top of me. He kissed me while our hard cocks played with each other. He kissed my neck, my chest and tongued my nipples. I was so turned on. He kissed down my stomach and down my torso avoiding my manhood. He kissed my inner thighs and lifted by heavy balls with his tongue. Now I was lost, had gone beyond the point of no return and knew I wanted him as much as he wanted me.

He licked up my shaft slowly. He took just my head into his mouth and caressed it with his tongue and lips. "You are very wet" he said. I knew my precum was flowing and it pleased me to know it pleased him. He took my meat into his mouth and I watched as it disappeared down his throat. The feeling was incredible as he moved slowly up and down. He took all of me with ease and his throat felt amazing, soft, wet and warm. He was making love to my penis and I loved it. My moans and instinctive hip thrusts only encouraged him and he mouth fucked me with vigor. I was seeing stars and felt an orgasm start to build in my loins. He sensed it to and let my erection fall out of his mouth. 

"What's wrong?" I asked. 

"Nothing" he said. "I want you inside me." He got up and walked to the bathroom. I watched his ass as he walked and when he returned with the lube, I could not take my eyes off of his hard cock. It swayed and bobbed as he walked. I knew then that I needed that cock. I wanted it in my mouth, I wanted it in my throat. I was so turned on I knew I wanted it deep in my ass. He handed me the lube and laid face down on the bed. He reached back with both hands and pulled his cheeks apart, exposing his puckered hole. I put some lube on my finger and spread it around the hole. He moaned his approval so I slowly pushed my finger inside him. He let out a loud moan so I pushed it in as far as it would go. I felt his prostate and rubbed it.

"Yes!" he moaned as I lubed up a second finger. I slid both fingers in him and he squirmed in delight. I stretched him and rubbed his prostate again and again. "Fuck me now!" he implored. I took the lube and drenched my cock in the goo. I got into position and started to push the head into him. He pushed his ass up to take me. Slowly I pushed forward until I was balls deep in his rear passage. "Fuck me hard!" he moaned. I pulled out then went back in, repeating this until I laid down on his back, our faces touching as my hips went wild fucking him with abandon.

"I'm going to cum!" I whispered in his ear.

"Yes, give me your seed! I want it in my ass!"

With that I pushed to the deepest point in his man pussy and filled it. Surge after surge, I can't remember the last time I came that hard. I was exhausted and lay there for a moment on top of him. I eventually rolled off and laid next to him in his bed. We smiled at each other.

"I want your cum" I heard myself say in disbelief. I'd never had a man before but now it was all I could do to not devour him then and there. He smiled and rolled onto his back. His magnificent cock was hard and begging for me. I moved down to touch it. It felt wonderful in my hand, the velvet hardness. I took the head in my mouth. I was no longer in control of myself. I licked the head and stroked the shaft. I tasted his precum and knew I wanted more. No, not wanted - needed more. I tried to take him down my throat but my gag reflex stopped me on every attempt. So, I stroked and worshiped that mushroom head. I was a mad man, a cock sucking mad man and I could not get enough. I felt his legs tense and his face was contorted so I knew I was about to be rewarded for my efforts. 

"I'm cumming!" he proclaimed but I already knew as his spurts hit the back of my mouth. One, then a second, a third, and finally a fourth blast of his juice filled my mouth. I savored it, salty creamy man juice. I swallowed it not wasting a drop. I moved up to lay facing him. He gently kissed me, once again exploring my mouth with his tongue. "I taste pretty good" he smiled at me.

We lay there for a while caressing each other, touching each other. He asked if I'd come to see him again sometime.

"What are you doing tomorrow?" I asked.