 Jace:

I sat fidgeting, even though I had planned not to. I couldn't help it I was anxious about seeing him again. Would he still be as overwhelming as he was before? Would I freeze again?

My questions were answered as I saw a Chinese guy nearly sprint out of an office room towards the elevators followed by a sauntering Diego Salvatore, who leaned up against the door frame to watch the man leave. He then scanned the room eyes lighting on my frozen frame staring at him like a dear in headlights. All those terrifying emotions were back. My heart was beating so fast I was waiting for it to pound out of my chest. I couldn't breathe, why couldn't I breathe? It was like he was taking all the oxygen out of the air with just his presence. It wasn't fair that all he had to do was walk in a room and I was put at a distinct disadvantage.

He smiled, and started walking toward me. I still couldn't breathe correctly, but I couldn't focus on that now, because Diego had started talking.

"Ahh Jace it's good to see you again. I hope you're doing well this evening. Come on into my office and we can discuss what I had in mind for the project." His voice sounded friendly and polite. 

I stumbled to my feet and met his outstretched hand to shake it. I felt the warmth that I had remembered from before. I looked up to meet his eyes and tried to smile. Those sky blue eyes pierced me down into my soul. They knew every secret I had ever had. I couldn't keep a single thing hidden from those eyes. 

He patted me on my back, startling me out of my stupor and guided me by grasping my shoulder into his office. I was curious what Diego Salvatore's working place would look like. He seemed like such an intimidating man and I was sure his work space would reflect this. I was only partially right. His desk was intimidating, a dark oak and huge, it filled up a corner of the giant room, however there was a very welcoming seating area that actually looked rather inviting and pleasant. I was expecting him to guide us over to this seating area but was surprised when instead he guided me to the desk.

The next thing I knew I was no longer walking, instead I was shoved down across the desk, my left arm pinned behind my back keeping me immobile. I froze in shock for a second then began to struggle and yell.

"What the fuck man get off me. What is your fucking problem, I thought I was here to.." my words were cut off by his other hand covering my mouth he pulled my head up and I could feel his lips brush my ear as he began to speak very quietly and calmly in my ear

"I was planning on waiting to do this but you just looked so cute sitting there and I have had a very long day. My patience is too thin to wait and seduce you with my words. So instead were going to do this the... hard way I guess you could say. Anything you want to ask before we get started?" He asked as he moved his hand away from my mouth so I could answer.

"Why? Why are you doing this? What do you want from me?" I asked. He reached up and covered my mouth again and answered.

"Well what I want from you is your body, and the why...well I'm not a nice man as I'm sure you already know, I enjoy torturing young innocent men like yourself. It turns me on to hear gasps of both pain and pleasure from innocent lips like yours. I guess it was just your bad luck that you caught my eye." As he was speaking his lips brushed the lobe of my ear with every word. It made me shiver in both fear and something else that I didn't know how to describe. But I didn't want to feel either emotion I just wanted to leave. And never think of this again. 

Then the worst possible thing happened tears began to prick at my eyes. I was not going to cry goddamnit!! I was not going to give him the satisfaction of knowing that he was getting to me even though he was. I began to struggle again against his hold. But it was like fighting against iron bands, he was so much stronger than I was there was no way to break free.

"Shhh shhhh shhhhhh" he cooed into my ear, "its ok I know you're excited, I am too, but patience is a virtue Jace. Let's enjoy this moment together we have all night" he finished speaking with a little laugh at the end. He then pulled me upright and guided me towards a door I hadn't seen before. It was of a solid dark oak like the desk. When we reached it. He pushed me against the wall next to the door. Removed his had from my mouth long enough to push his thumb against an electronic lock, causing the door to swing open. 

"Welcome to my playroom Jace." He whispered before shoving me into the room. The motion sent me sprawling across the floor, inside the play room (as he called it). I heard the door slam as I scrambled to my feet moving farther into the dimly lit room. Followed by the audible snick of the lock. I whirled around trying to look for any other exit, there weren't any. Instead there were odd wooden and metal constructions. Including one that looked like a giant X. another was a bench with a slightly rounded top, a metal chair bolted to the floor as well. Come to think of it, everything seemed bolted to the floor with links of chain surrounding the floor of each piece. There was a cabinet to the left made of that same dark oak, (it was starting to become a theme). In an empty corner to the right there were large chains hanging from eye bolts in the ceiling. The one oddity to this room (I mean the whole room is odd but this just didn't match the scary theme.) was a bed. 

The bed was in the right front corner a huge four poster with a canopy and red curtains. It should have been girly but it wasn't; instead it felt like the most masculine thing in the room. The bedspread matched the deep red of the curtains and for all its imposing presence it still felt like the safest spot in the room. I finally focused back on the owner of this room of night mares. He stood leaning against the wall by the door in a relaxed pose arms crossed over his chest watching me scan the room. 

"So what do you think Jace? I want your honest opinion, because this is the room I was looking at renovating. It needs a bit more color don't you think?" He said like he hadn't just physically assaulted me then tossed me into this room of horrors. 

"I...I...I..I" I stuttered unable to think of a way to reply to his questions. Or even if I wanted to. This man had to be clinically insane he was crazy and warped. He needed help. 

"It's ok you don't have to answer now Jace, tell me after you have tried out the room." He pushed himself off the wall by his shoulder and started to stalk toward me and I ran. Which in hindsight was pretty stupid of me, but my fight or flight reflexes kicked in and my flight had always been stronger then my fight. The other stupid thing I did was to run towards the least scary thing in the room, the bed. Like that would save me from whatever horrible fate Diego had in mind for me. 

I was debating whether to climb on top of it or dive under it for safety when the choice was taken away from me. I was tackled from behind and landed face first into the bed, pinned by over 200 lbs of immovable muscle. 

"Interesting choice I've never had anyone run for the bed before, they always go for the open space by the chains, or try for a last ditch effort and go for the door, or stand and try to fight me. You are definitely full of surprises. I would have pegged you for a door man." He said conversationally as he kept me pinned with ease to the bed while I struggled. I started shouting at him and tried to buck him off with my hips but all that managed to do was shove my butt into his groin. His hard groin. I froze.

He chuckled at my reaction and nuzzled his face into my hair before levering off of me and flipping me over and pinning me again. Hands above my head this time. Suddenly all humor was gone from his face and body, he looked dead serious as he stared down at me. 

"Jace I want you to be a good boy and we can skip straight to the pleasure part of this evening, but if you struggle too much or cause me any sort of annoying resistance like yelling or cursing at me, I'll have to do some things that only one of us will enjoy and I can promise that that won't be you. I however will enjoy punishing you for disobeying me, so I don't care either way. It's up to you. What will it be Jace?" He said.

"What would the punishment be?" I asked. Where the fuck did that question come from? Why didn't I just keep my mouth shut and shake my head, or struggle and curse at him, or even just not move. What the fuck is my problem that's just gonna piss him off. 

Diego blinked down at me. Then started laughing. And not like a halfhearted chuckle but a real belly laugh that filled him up with joy, and caused his even cold eyes to smile with mirth. It was so surprising I didn't know what to do. His grip even loosened enough that I could have escaped but all I did was lay there and watch him laugh. His laughs started to slow after two minutes with him gasping for air. And letting out half chuckles of mirth.

"You haha...you are something else Jace." He chuckled out. "And the punishment would be whatever I decide is most fitting. Don't worry I won't put lasting marks anywhere on your body...that aren't easy to hide." His eyes seemed to twinkle for the first time. Actually this was the first time I had ever seen him genuinely happy. Why was I noticing this? I should be thinking about what I needed to do to get out of here but his eyes looked so amazing when he was happy like this. He looked young and carefree, he looked...nice.

His smile disappeared from his lips but his eyes were still full of humor, as he put both my wrists in one hand. A way too easy feat for him, God I wish I was stronger. He reached up and grabbed something that was connected to the head board. I tried to turn my head to see but couldn't see past my own arms or his bicep and upper body above my face. He pulled whatever it was down and pinned me more fully to the bed while he began cuffing my wrists to something, I assumed the headboard. 

"Now stay put." Said Diego I assume rhetorically as he pushed off of me and stood up. I shuffled more onto the bed and closer to the headboard. I looked at what was cuffed to my wrists and how I was connected to the headboard, wondering if I would be able to get free. Metal bands were wrapped around my wrists and were padlocked there was no way I was getting out of them but maybe where I was connected to the bed. I looked. Again no dice, I wasn't actually connected to the head board, instead there was a hole in the head board that the chain I was connected to was running through. It looked like the chain went under the bed. I tugged on it and felt the resistance I was definitely not going anywhere anytime soon at this rate. I heard footsteps approach the bed and whipped around again to see Diego coming towards me with a pair of scissors in one hand. I moved farther back until my back was resting against the head board, and my knees were drawn up to my chest, my hands in front of my chest still chained.

Diego chuckled again as he saw how my position had changed. He reached the bed put his knee on it and reached his hand forward grabbing my left ankle and pulled. I tried to keep myself in a tight ball but it was like fighting against a tank, just not possible. His hand on my ankle tugged me down so I was lying flat on my back again, with my hands above my head. I tried to shimmy away from him, but he just clamped a cuff around the ankle he held. Then he grabbed my right ankle and cuffed it as well. I ended up with my legs spread one to each of the bottom corners of the bed, with my hands till above my head tied in the middle making my body look like an up-side-down Y. 

"You look so good I almost don't know where to begin with you." Diego said staring at me with lust filled eyes. "But I think we will start by getting you out of some of this clothing." He began by pulling off my dress shoes and socks.

"Please no, I don't want this. I just want to go home. Please just let me go, I won't say anything, you will never have to see me ever again, I'll just disappear." I started to beg with him when he went for my dress shirt buttons. 

"However much I do want to hear you beg, I think for now you need to be quiet, and I have just the thing to help you do so." He left the bed a second time and headed back for the cabinet, opened upon side of it and pulled something out.

"I don't understand. What are you doing?" I ask as he came back carrying something in his hand with black straps dangling from it. He lifts his hand up and showed me. It was a red ball with straps connecting on two sides of it. 

"This will help you stay quiet though it might make you drool a bit which is normal." He said as he got back on the bed and straddled my hips. He reached for my mouth with the red ball in his hand. I tried to turn my head away so he couldn't put that thing in my mouth but he grabbed my throat with one hand and started to apply pressure to my wind pipe. I froze terrified, as I struggled to get air into my body. 

"Open your mouth now" he said in that scary commanding voice he had used when asking for my name. I did what he said, terrified and gasping for air. 

"Wider baby" he cooed "There you go," as I obliged and stretched my jaw. He forced the rubber ball into my mouth then took the straps and hooked the whole contraption around my head, and pulled it tight there was no way I would be able to remove it from my mouth, and the whole thing felt uncomfortable to say the least.

"That will also prevent you from biting down on your tongue as well. Now let's finish getting you out of these clothes shall we." He settled his body back onto his haunches so he was sitting in a Straddling position on top of my hips, and he worked on unbuttoning the rest of my shirt and pulled it open, revealing my white tank top underneath.

"Sexy" he said as he admired my chest through the tank he then took the scissors he had set aside and cut through both sleeves and pulled the whole thing out from underneath me, leaving me in my dress pants, boxers and white tank top.

"I'll let you decide what should I get rid of next, the tank top or the pants. Nod twice for pants or once for tank please Jace. But make your choice quickly or I will decide for you" He said. I thought about it for a second and then nodded once. I wanted to keep my pants for as long as I possibly could.

"Interesting choice" he replied to my nod. He then placed his hands on the top of my chest right below my collar bones and began a slow drag down my torso feeling all of my muscles along my chest and upper body. When he reached the top of my pants he pulled the tank top free, and put his hands on the bare skin of my stomach and sides. He did the slide in the opposite direction taking the tank top with him until he was back at my collar bones. I shivered. His hands felt surprisingly good on my skin. Goose bumps formed on my arms and upper body that was now exposed to air. 

"You're beautiful" He murmured. I looked up at his face, curious at the odd tone that had come into his voice. He looked...in awe. His eyes scanned me intensely like he was sucking in everything and encoding it to memory forever. I felt not like a bug exactly but more like a painting that someone stops and stares at for ten minutes at a museum because they are so entranced by it. It made me feel beautiful. Which was so fucked up. I was trapped here against my will and being forcibly examined by an almost complete stranger and yet I felt beautiful... I'm losing it, I thought.

Then he did something I didn't expect. He bent down and ran his tongue across the center of my sternum leaving a trail of kisses after it. I arched up, it felt good, it shouldn't have but it did. It was a ticklish sensation with a touch of heat from his mouth. I wanted more. Something was definitely wrong with me. He chuckled as he lifted his head and looked back up into my face. 

"You liked that did you? How about I do it again?" And he did but this time he swept his tongue across my right nipple, then made small circles, followed by a shock of pain when he bit down on it, making me yelp in surprise. He made a soothing noise and suckled my nipple taking away the ache left behind by his teeth. I gasped around the gag in my mouth hand arched into the feeling again closing my eyes. 

"That's it baby just enjoy." He whispered into my skin as he trailed his lips across my chest to the other nipple and repeated the process. It felt good, too good. I began to shake my head and tried to plead with him again to let me go but was stopped from getting any words out by the gag in my mouth. He looked up again at my face and started to nod as if in agreement with my grunts and noises that I'm sure he couldn't understand.

"You're right we should keep this moving shouldn't we. It time to get rid of this tank top and those pants." He said. Then grabbed the scissors and cut through the tank top pulling it off of my body. He then shimmied down my body until he was kneeling between my legs. He reached for the belt buckle and I started to panic. 

I didn't want my first time to be like this. I hadn't even had my first kiss for fucks sake and someone had already sucked on my nipples. A man no less. I wanted it to be with a nice girl that I picked not someone who made the choice for me. I struggled in earnest against the bonds thrashed my head around and began screaming from behind the gag. I wanted out NOW. I didn't even care that tears were leaking out form around my eyes. 

"Oh baby shhhhhh shhhh shhhh." He said as he reached up and cradled my face between his hands and wiped the tears from my cheeks, he started to kiss my forehead, trailing his lips down my face toward my eyes, leaving butterfly kisses in his wake. Until he reached the corner of my mouth still filled with that awful gag. He left kisses across the gag and my lips, followed by little tongue flicks across my bottom lip.

"It's going to be ok, you're going to like it I promise. I'll be gentle but you're so beautiful I couldn't wait and take my time like I was planning to, I had to have you tonight. I'll make it good for you don't worry." He cooed to me, trying to appease me. Tears still leaked from my eyes but I stopped screaming or struggling. The most fucked up part of this is that I trusted him. I trusted him to be good to his word. He would make it good. I barely knew him and yet I trusted him. I was gonna need a fucking ton of therapy after this. 

"There you go. Alright let's get back to working on those pants shall we?" He shimmied back down my body to the kneeling position and reached for my belt. I flinched but didn't struggle as he undid it, Tears still streaming down my face as I watched him. He pulled the belt from my pant loops and tossed it aside like he had done with the rest of my clothing. He then undid the button and pulled down the zipper on my pants. My breathing got harsher but I still didn't struggle. 

"Good boy." He said, and took the scissors and began to cut the dress pants off of me. I was being stripped of all of my clothing and he was still fully clothed. I felt extremely vulnerable. Goose bumps appeared all over my skin as he slid his hands from the top of the cuffs on ankles all the way up my legs to the bottom of my boxers.

"I love your skin." He whispered as he leaned his head down towards my stomach. He left kisses around my belly button then delved into it with his tongue, making me squirm at the ticklish sensation. I then gasped as he bit my skin just below my belly button. Followed by a soothing swirl of his tongue. He continued this biting and tongue swirling pattern from just below my belly button to the top of my hip bone on my left side. There he sucked hard to the point of pain. I tried to squirm away from him when he didn't let up the pressure but he held me fast with his strong hands. He finally let up after what felt like 3 minutes but was probably closer to thirty seconds.
