 This story pics up some 20 years later from my college and camping series. Scott and I lost contact after our college days, both moving in different directions and taking different jobs that led us to various parts of the country. Both married, both had kids, and just went on with life.

Thanks to social media, we actually stumbled across each other online. He had divorced after 17 years of marriage. I had also divorced after 18 years. We were both living in Texas, just in different parts of the state. He had recently moved to the Dallas area to be closer to his family. Since I had a business trip to the metroplex coming up, I suggested we meet for drinks and catch up.

I arrived in town on a Wednesday afternoon, called Scott and we decided to meet at my hotel for drinks, then go out for a bite to eat. Of course all of the things we had done over the years flooded back and I got a nice erection thinking about the old days. Not knowing how things would go, I felt it would be best not to talk about any of that and just stick to talking about life today.

We met in the bar at 6 that evening. Though we had both aged 20 years, we were still in decent shape. Both of us were about 6 feet, 185lbs, both had brown hair, though starting to show a little graying in the temples. Basically we had aged very well. We shook hands, then embraced, and patted each other on the back. We were truly very happy to see each other. 

We ordered drinks and began catching up on our kids, failed marriages and work. When our second drink arrived, Scott was the first to bring up our past. 

"Do you ever think about the old days, you know, when we were young and dumb?" he smiled.

"Of course!" I said, not sure if I should elaborate or not.

He laughed and said, "Me too, especially since my divorce." He stopped, looked around to make sure no one was too close to hear us, then added, "I have been playing around a little bit with a couple of guys that I met at online." 

"Oh really?" I said, asking, "What do you mean playing around?"

He looked around again, "Well, I hadn't messed with a guy since college, and, well, I went online looking for a guy to get a blowjob from, and well, we've met up a few times and sucked each other off," he said, the went on, "nothing like we used to do, he's married and doesn't get a chance to meet often."

I smiled, my cock getting hard, "You said a 'couple of guys', who's the other one?"

"Caught that did you," he said, smiling, "Yeah, there is another guy that I have met up with a couple of times, same thing, but I let him fuck me," he replied in a whisper.

I leaned in closer, and said, "Did you like it?"

He nodded, tagging a big drink, then said, "Yes, it reminded me of the old days a lot! Except his dick isn't very big, only about five inches, but kinda thick." He smiled.

I glanced at his pants and saw the outline of his erection, I adjusted my own, letting him see that it was nice and hard. I then asked, "How many times have you messed with these guys?"

He took another drink, motioned to the waitress for two more, then replied, "Well, me and the first guy I mentioned have blown each other about five or six times, the other we blew each other three or four times and I've let him fuck me twice." He trailed off as the waitress approached with our drinks.

Once she walked away, he went on, "and I've fucked him once. There is another guy that I met about a week ago, we were going to meet tonight for the first time, but you called and I damn sure wasn't taking a chance on catching up with you!" 

I smiled big and said, "well, thanks for choosing me over some random guy," he laughed and then I went on, "of course, it is kinda hot hearing about your adventures."

He grinned, then asked, "What about you, you doing anything with," he swallowed hard, "guys these days?"

I told him that I had never really stopped, that I had been doing bi things for years, even while married and that I had a couple of regular guys that I messed with too. I then got boulder and said, "I even have a crossdresser that I play with a few times a month."

His eyes were wide as he listened to my stories. I didn't give much detail, just talked in general terms about fucking and sucking various guys, girls, crossdresssers, a little about my bondage fun and my fetishes for pantyhose and cum.

"Wow!" he exclaimed, "I guess after all I went through in college I thought it was out of my system until my divorce and I started watching gay porn online. I guess you never really get it out of your system," he said, smiling.

I motioned for the waitress to bring me our check. I then turned to Scott and said, "so, do you want to go to dinner first, or do you want to come up to my room and fool around?"

"Let's go upstairs," he replied quickly.

I signed the check and we headed to the elevator. Once inside, I turned to Scott and said, "I want you to submit to me fully, meaning that you do whatever I say. deal?"

He seemed to think this over for a few minutes, then replied, "Okay, I'll do whatever you say, on one condition," he waited, I nodded, "you let me cum at least once," he smiled.

"Deal!"

We walked into my room and I pushed Scott up against the wall as the door closed. I kissed him, he opened his mouth and received my tongue as our tongues teased each other. I kept him against the wall as one hand stroked his head, the other felt his hard cock between his legs.

I broke the kiss and said, "take of your clothes."

He immediately started by pulling off his shirt and kicking off his shoes at the same time. He then dropped his jeans and kicked them off. His seven inch cock was fully erect and sticking straight out from his closely trimmed cock hair.

"Now, undress me," I said. He pulled my shirt over my head, then bent down and pulled off my shoes. He stood up and unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans, sliding them down my legs. My eight inch cock throbbed and bobbed up and down in front of him. 

He wrapped his hand around my cock and began to slowly stroke me. I moaned and said, "Suck it."

He dropped to his knees and took my cock into his mouth. He could easily fit six or so inches in, and then he gagged slightly, he pulled back off and slowed moved my cock back into his mouth. Slowly, he sucked and swallowed my cock, taking time to also lick and suck my balls and kiss the shaft and head. I moved to the bed and laid back as he climbed up and took me into his mouth again.

He sucked me just as good as he had twenty years before, taking most of my cock into his mouth, and then back out. He kept this up for more than ten minutes and I felt my cum beginning to boil. I pushed his head off of my cock.

"Roll over," I ordered. He did and I straddled his face, my cock inches from his mouth. I then bent down and took the head of his cock into my mouth. He took the hint and swallowed my cock again. We both sucked each other slowly, when I felt myself getting close, I pulled out and would move off of him too, knowing he had to be close too.

We kept this up for at least twenty minutes. Then I moved off of him and turned around and kissed him on the lips again. We kissed for several minutes, both moaning into the others mouth. I broke the kiss and whispered, "I'm going to fuck you now."

He nodded and slid off the bed, getting a bottle of anal lube that I had brought with me, not sure I'd be using it on him, but knowing I would be using it at some point. I squirted the lube over his anus, then inserted the tip into his hole and squirted some of it into him.

I slowly rubbed the warming lubricant up and down the crack of his ass, slowly, making sure to get it all around the hole. He moaned as I slowly inserted a finger tip into him. I pushed the finger into him until it was past the second knuckle. I then began to finger fuck him slowly as he moaned and slid his ass closer to my hand.

After several minutes, I slid a second finger in, now pumping both fingers in and out a little faster and a little harder. He moaned again and said, "Please fuck me, please, I need your cock."

I added a third finger which made him gasp and then began pumping all three in and out. He was very tight and it my pumping was having a nice effect on his hole, I could feel it beginning to loosen up around my fingers. He continued moaning, pumping his ass towards my ramming fingers.

I slowly eased my fingers out, I then lifted his legs up over my shoulders and placed the head of my hard cock at his entrance.

"Are you ready for this?" I asked, "are you ready for my cock Scott?"

"Yes," he gasped through a moan, "Yes! Please fuck me!" 

As my cock entered his tight asshole he sucked in and gasped, "OH FUCK YES!"

I pushed slowly, but with force until the entire length of my cock was embedded in his ass. He moaned deeply as I entered him, soon, my balls rested against the bottom of his ass cheeks. I waited a minute or two, letting his butt adjust to the size of my cock being in him and then slowly began to pull out of him, and then slowly back in.

His own cock was semi erect and oozing precum all over his close cropped crotch hair. I reach down and began to stroke him as I picked up the speed of my fucking.

"Do you like my cock in your ass?" I asked, breathing harder and harder.

He moaned, "Hell YES! I fucking love your cock!"

"Do you want my cum in your butthole?" I groaned.

"OH FUCK YES! Fill me up, fill me up with your cream! Fuck yes!" he moaned.

I picked up the pace, fucking him with full, long, hard strokes. Bringing my cock almost out completely, then shoving it back in to the hilt. In and out, harder and faster, I felt my balls filling and new I could not hold back much longer.

I moaned, "I'm cumming, I'm cumming in you! I'm going to fill your ass full!"

He moaned in reply, breathing, "cum in me, cum in my asshole!"

With that, I began to pump a huge load of cum into his bowels, cumming hard and fast as I pummeled his hole. The more I came, the faster I stroked his cock and he soon erupted, shooting his own load all over his check and crotch.

We both moaned loudly and groaned our pleasure as our orgasms subsided. I slowed the pumping of my cock and released his drained cock.

We were both breathing hard, staring at each other, I said, "When I pull out, I want you to slid off of the bed and clean my cock."

He nodded and said, "Yes sir, I'll do whatever you want."

I pulled out and he immediately slid off the bed and opening his mouth he slid my cock in and began to lick the fuck juice off of me. He cleaned my cock and he squatted there on the floor, my cum leaking from his asshole, dripping onto the carpet.

After I was cleaned off, I told him to lay back on the bed. I then licked his cum from his crotch and chest, gathering it all in my mouth. I moved up his chest and kissed him, depositing his load into his mouth. He used his tongue to clean my mouth out. I then rolled off of him and we both lay there panting for several minutes.

After a brief rest I said, "Let's take a shower." We both got up and headed to the shower, once the water was just right, we climbed in and took turns soaping and rinsing each other off. Neither of us said anything for a bit, as Scott was washing my back and ass, I said. "Did you like that?"

"Yes, I did! Very much, actually too much!" he said giggling a little.

"Too much?" I asked, "what does that mean?"

His hands were soapy and rubbing up and down my ass and crack, turned me so my back was facing the water and he was looking me in the eye, "Because I want you to fuck me again, and again and again!" He looked at me, staring, and added, "I really didn't want this to happen, I just wanted to have a drink, get food and visit," he stopped, reaching for my cock and began to lightly stroke it, "But when I saw you, all those times we fucked and sucked and messed around with our girlfriends and my sisters...it just all came flooding back and my cock got hard and my asshole was throbbing and I..."

I leaned in and kissed him, stopping him from talking, I felt my cock beginning to harden in his hand. I broke the kiss and said, "I was the same way, wasn't even planning to talk about the past at all, but once you brought it up, all I could think about was fucking you again and feeling your tight ass around my cock."

We kissed again, both of our cocks hardening. We broke apart and I said, "Let's order a pizza and stay in. This way we can just stay naked, play around and fuck."

He nodded, "sounds perfect."

We rinsed again, took turns drying each other off, both our cocks were about half way hard as we walked back into the main part of the room. I went online and ordered a pizza, then looked at Scott who was lying on the bed and said, "When the pizza gets here, you open the door naked and pay for the pizza."

He began to blush and said, "Seriously? You want me to open the door naked, and just act normal?"

I grinned big, "Yep!" I then said, "You answer the door, you can stand behind it if you want, but you can't have any clothes and you have to hand them the money, while holding the door and the pizza."

He grinned and said, "Okay, I guess I don't really have a choice."

I climbed onto the bed and took his semi erect penis into my mouth and started sucking him to full staff. My own cock was getting harder too. I sucked him until he was fully erect, I then moved up, straddling his chest and slid my cock into his mouth. He sucked and licked my cock until it was fully erect and I slowly fucked his mouth, pulling my cock in and out, reaching back and stroking his cock to keep him hard.

Every few minutes I would stop and pull my cock out and rub the head of his cock against my ass cheeks. I did this until there was a gentle knock on the door...our pizza had arrived and Scott was fully erect.

I moved off of him, handed him 30 bucks and told him to get the pizza. He tried to stand behind the door and opened it, "I'm so sorry, you caught me changing and I didn't want you to wait," he said, using the door to block his nude body.

"Oh, ha, not a problem," the pizza delivery guy said, "You would be surprised how many naked people I see every week," he added.

Scott laughed, handed the cash around the door, and took the pizza box," I guess you probably do, probably lots of girls I bet, doing dares."

"Yeah," pizza guy said, "but lots of hot guys too." The pizza guy looked up and down the hall and added, "nobody is out here, so you don't have to be bashful."

With that, Scott opened the door all the way, stepping out where the guy could see him.

"Wow, that's quite a hardon you've got going," he said.

Scott smiled and said, "ah...thanks, I was dared by my best friend." With that I walked down the room entry way and took the pizza from Scott, my own hard cock bouncing in front of me.

"You can come in and play too, if you want," I said to the guy, he blushed dark red upon seeing me.

"I, well I, I have to get back," he stammered. "But, if I didn't I wouldn't mind at all, you guys look hot," he said.

"Too bad," I said, walking away, "He could use another cock to suck while I fuck him.

Scott thanked the guy, and let the door close. He walked into the main part of the room, grinning, "You really freaked that guy out! How old do you think he was?"

"In his early twenties I bet, weird that we got a gay guy, I was hoping for a chick!" I laughed.

We ate, talked more about our past and about some of the other fucking we had done. I found that he had actually messed around with a few other guys over the years, not quite as much as me simply because he lived in smaller communities and had less opportunity. He and his wife divorced after she started having an affair and after she found a bunch of gay porn on his computer and though he was fucking their neighbor, who just happened to be gay. 

We had finished eating, we were both hard again. I had Scott lay face up on the bed, his head hanging off of the bed and slid my hard cock into his mouth and throat.

"I'm going to fuck your mouth and throat, you will gag, I don't care, I want you to gag, and choke and need to breath," I instructed.

He moaned a 'yes' around my cock and I began to push in. I felt him gag and he jerked a bit, but I kept pushing and he gagged more, chocking and pushing my cock out, he gasped for air and I plunged my cock back in. I continued to push deeper and harder, as he continued to gag and force my cock back out, he was soon slobbering profusely and spitting up slim which ran all over his face. I would take my cock head and smear the slobber all around and then plunge in again. 

I kept this up for well over 30 minutes before I began to fill my orgasm building. I pulled out to where I was simply pumping a couple of inches into him. 

"I'm going to cum, swallow it all!" I instructed.

He nodded and stepped up his sucking. Soon, I exploded into his mouth and pumped my second load of the night into his waiting throat.

Scott swallowed it all and kept sucking until I pulled my cock from his mouth.

We were both panting again, and I said, "Wow, you are still one of the best cock suckers I have ever known!"

"Thank you! You know I love sucking your cock, I always have. I could suck you all night and all day," he said.

"Good, because I think you should spend the night so I can fuck your tight ass again and feed you another load." I said.

"Okay, I can do that," he replied, adding, "I'll do whatever you want."

I then retrieved a towel and cleaned his face off, I then noticed how hard his cock was and how much precum he was leaking. I reached down started stroking him, he moaned and said, "I won't last long!"

He was right, after about three minutes he announced he was cumming. I leaned over and took the head of his cock into my mouth and captured his load, sucking the head until my mouth was full and his cock was empty. I then moved up and kissed him again, feeding him another load of cum.

Once he had cleaned his cum out of my mouth, he and I drifted off to sleep.