 As my bedroom door clicked shut behind me, I untied my towel and let it fall to my feet. One of my favorite parts of the summer was the comfortableness of walking around naked, something we don't always have the pleasure of doing in New England. I was meeting up with some friends tonight, including a crush of mine, Ali. 

A little over two months had passed since I had become single, and I was feeling good. I had been working out more and paying more attention to my body, and it showed. As I stood naked in my bedroom, I couldn't help but checking myself out in the mirror. Much of my life I had been on the chubby side, but I now had very visible pecs, and what would soon be a solid midsection. I had always had broad shoulders, and now they were even more defined. 

I soon got dressed and prepared for the night out. I met up with Ali, Hal and June at a nearby bar. The plan was to have a couple of drinks, maybe a bite to eat and catch a movie at the theater next door. As I entered, I immediately noticed Hal, who had his arm raised flagging me down. As I approached the table, Hal and June both smiled and waved. Ali stood up from her seat and gave me a hug, firmly pressing her chest against me. 

We each ordered a cocktail, wanting to get a decent buzz going for the movie we were preparing to see. It was a comedy, but didn't look like anything special, so we figured a few drinks would help. We chatted away, Ali and myself constantly exchanging glances and smirks. After two rounds of drinks, we checked the time to realize that the movie would be starting in just under five minutes. June and Ali suggested we each do one shot as a sendoff before the movie. I ordered four shots of Don Julio and we were on our way.

We hustled across the street to the theater, picked up our tickets and headed into the movie. It was already pitch black and the trailers were rolling. Ali pulled June to the side before we could get to our seats. 

"Hey, you and Hal should save seats and we'll go get some popcorn." Ali whispered, shooting a glance over at me. I realized we hadn't eaten anything at the bar, and the alcohol was likely going to hit these girls hard. I smiled and nodded back. June and Hal walked off to find seats as Ali took my arm and led me up the aisle. 

Ali was giggling to herself as we exited the movie, and I could tell she was that silly kind of drunk. As I walked towards the concession stand, I felt a slight tug on my arm in the opposite direction. 

"Come here, I have to show you something.", Ali said, still giggling as she pulled my arm towards the ladies room. I glanced around, but the hallway was mostly empty. As we entered the bathroom Ali led me straight to a stall, locking the door behind us. 

"Oh, you had to show me something in here huh?" I inquired jokingly. 

"Shut up," Ali laughed back. "I need your opinion on something. Do you think this color looks good on me?" Without hesitation Ali began unbuttoning her blouse, her eyes still fixed on mine. I gazed back at her, wanting so badly to look down but also not wanting to break the stare. Suddenly I caught a glimpse of red out of my peripheral vision, and my eyes darted down. There sat the two most beautiful tits I had ever seen, cupped perfectly in a lacy red bra, ever so slightly pushed up. I looked back into Ali's eyes, as she smiled and bit her bottom lip. 

Before I could even think, my left arm twisted around Ali's waist, my hand making it's way under her shirt and up her back. I pulled her close as my right hand firmly cupped her left breast. I kissed her so hard it almost hurt. Ali threw her arms around me and quickly hopped up, wrapping her legs around my waist. My right hand made its way from her breast down her side to her ass. I turned and pushed her up against the side of the stall. Ali let out a quick gasp, digging her fingers into my hair and pulling my face firmly into hers. With my left hand still on her back, I unclasped her bra. I could feel her lips smiling as we continued to kiss. 

Ali eventually loosened her legs from around my waist, returning to a standing position. She put a hand on my chest and pushed me back against the other side of the stall. She removed her blouse and undone bra. Her tits were more perfect than I could have imagined. I wanted to reach out and grab at them, but before I could Ali took a step forward, placing her hand on my crotch. I hadn't even realized my cock was rock hard, but upon looking down I noticed it was quite evident. Ali slowly began unbuttoning my pants as she lightly licked at my bottom lip. I lifted both my hands, firmly squeezing her tits. Before I knew it I felt her breasts slip out of my hands as she dropped down to her knees. 

What followed was easily the best blowjob I had ever received. With my head back against the stall, I closed my eyes as I kept replaying the amazing view of Ali's body and her tits, all while enjoying the best head I'd ever gotten. It didn't take long before I could feel I was ready to cum, and Ali knew also. She withdraw my cock from her mouth, everything except for the head, keeping her mouth slightly open. She was pumping my shaft and flicking at the underpart of my cockhead with her tongue when I lost all control. With my left hand firmly on her head I pulled her down onto my cock as I released what felt like an enormous load into her mouth. Ali continued to slowly bob up and down on my cock until I was finished. As she stood up, my hands immediately found her breasts again.

"You have no idea how bad I want to fuck you right now." she whispered as she pressed herself up against me again. My cock was still as hard as a rock, and my hands made their way down to her hips and inside the sides of her jeans. 

"No no no," Ali smirked. "As bad as I want you we are not fucking in a bathroom stall." I smiled, realizing how lucky I was already to have gotten what I had. 

"Okay okay, but I have to get my hands on you again. Soon." I withdrew my hands from Ali's pants, reaching over to pick up her blouse and bra which had fallen to the floor. As we finished properly clothing ourselves, Ali looked over at me with a smile, but was shaking her head from side to side. 

"We're being so bad, but it's just so good." All I could do was smile back, lightly push Ali against the stall and kiss her. I knew she was right. She was cheating on her boyfriend with me, but at the same time it just felt so right. We left the bathroom, got some popcorn and soda at the concession stand and returned to the movie. While Hal and June must have suspected something, neither of them said a word.

After the movie, we all headed off our separate ways. I gave Ali a hug and a quick kiss, so as not to be too out in the open in front of Hal and June. On the drive home I couldn't get the image of Ali's incredible body out of my head. My dick had remained hard since we had left the stall, as I was still aching to fuck her. Once home, I poured myself a cocktail in hopes of keeping my buzz going. 

I settled down at my computer, unbuttoning my pants and relieving the stress of the hard-on I'd had for the past half hour. I couldn't stop imagining Ali naked in my arms, her delicate figure, her amazing breasts, her firm round ass. My left hand firmly gripped the shaft of my cock as I took another drink.

I reached for my cell phone, opening a text message to Drew to tell him about my exploits earlier in the night. 

'Dude you won't believe what happened with Ali earlier tonight'.

I clicked send, set my phone down and began browsing the internet for porn as I still slowly stroked the base of my hard member. No more than a minute had passed before I felt my phone vibrate. It was Drew. 

'hey im leaving the bar now, how bout i stop by and u can tell me all about it'. 

I picked up my phone and told Drew to come on over, making sure to come in through the back door. With my cock in hand, I searched for a porno online in hopes of further relieving myself.

As I watched, the girl in the video didn't hold a candle to the girl I had just been with. My eyes slowly closed, and I once again began picturing Ali's topless body in front of me. My head tilted back, and my left hand began to pick up speed, rapidly stroking my shaft. Her eyes, her lips, her thighs, her hips. I was going crazy thinking about her. 

"Oh sorry, didn't mean to interrupt anything here." I immediately shot up in my seat, the voice from behind me snapping me back to reality. Drew stood behind me, having let himself in through the back door. 

"No worries," I sheepishly responded, my cock still in hand. I sat forward, covering up somewhat, but was too hard to squeeze my dick back down into my jeans. Drew plopped down on my bed, and I could immediately tell by the way he swayed around that he was rather drunk. He had a 1 liter soda bottle in his hand, 3/4 of which still remained. 

"What do you got in there?" I inquired. 

"100 proof rum and coke of course. I had a few swigs before the bar, gotta finish it off now." Drew mumbled back as he twisted off the cap and took a gulp.

I laughed, lifting my own cocktail from the desk and tilting it towards Drew in a cheersing manner. After each taking a long swig, we set our drinks down, and Drew began unbuttoning his pants as he set his eyes on my computer monitor. 

"Man, you don't waste any time, do you? What have you been home, 15 minutes and you're already beating off?" Drew's gaze moved from the monitor over to my cock and back, as he slowly unzipped his jeans. 

I couldn't believe what was taking place. I had always wondered how Drew had felt about our previous encounters, yet here he was openly taking his dick out to jerk off with me. Not wanting to ruin the moment, I tried to play it cool. 

"Dude I've had a boner since the second I left Ali, I had to get my cock out of these jeans right when I got home." I reached down, sliding the flaps of my jeans further down my legs. 

"Haha I know that feeling, believe me." Drew responded as he pulled down the flap of his own jeans and unsheathed his cock. I could tell it was already slightly hard, 5 maybe 6 inches, but not yet to it's full girth. 

"Damn, you got me worked up already." Drew slid his jeans down to his knees, leaned back and pushed his hips out as he firmly gripped the base of his cock. Not only was Drew openly jerking off with me, but he had just said that me jerking off had turned him on. 

"Just wait til you hear this story." I said, turning towards Drew, going into descriptive detail of Ali and the encounter in the bathroom stall. 

As the story unraveled, each of us held our drink in one hand and our cock in the other. Soon enough we were noticeably looking down at one another's member as we stroked ourselves. Drew's cock was now at full mast, a hefty 9 inches. I was rock hard as well, maxing out at 6.5, maybe 7 on a good day. As I finished the part of the story where Ali was giving me a blowjob, Drew let out a long sigh. 

"Man, I can't remember the last time I had a hot girl give me a good blowjob." 

"Yea, usually it's only the ugly girls that give great head." I joked. 

"Honestly the best load I remember blowing was when you jerked me off and sucked the cum out of my dick." Drew's words immediately changed the atmosphere in the room, and I knew that what had started out as sexual tension was going to lead to much more.

"Oh is that right?" I replied, licking my lips, tightly gripping my balls.

"I don't know if it's because you're a guy, but you knew exactly what felt good at the right times." Drew tilted his head back, his hand gripping the upper half of his cock, his finger caressing the underpart of his dickhead. 

"After tonight with Ali, I absolutely know what feels good." I strongly hinted. With Drew's head still tilted back, I stood up out of my seat. My jeans dropped to my ankles, and I stepped out of them as I walked over to Drew. 

"Oh, is that ri-" Drew began to murmur, quickly cut off by the sensation of my lips wrapping around the head of his cock. I had my eyes set on Drew's face, and not for a second did he even flinch upon feeling my mouth on his dick. 

"Ohh yeaaa." he sighed as his head remained tilted back. The hand at the base of his cock slowly slid up behind my head, pushing my face up and down on his throbbing member. 

As I bobbed up and down on his massive cock, I thought of the blowjob Ali had given me, trying to mimic her motions. 

"Oh fuck, you suck dick better than any bitch I know." Drew exclaimed. I grabbed Drew's shaft, lifting it up and pushing my face down into his scrotum. His balls were enormous. I took one in my mouth, lightly sucking and flicking with my tongue. 

"Yea, suck on those balls you fuckin whore" Drew again exclaimed, pushing my head further into his hairy ballsack. 

After slobbering on each of Drew's balls, I licked up the underside of his shaft and began tonguing the tip of his cock. 

"I'd always wanted a blowjob from Ali but I think this might be even better" Drew said as he firmly gripped the hair on my head and pushed my mouth down over his cock. I had known before that Drew had a crush on Ali, as most of my old buddies had, because we had talked about her all the time when we were in high school. I soon began to sense some jealousy in Drew's voice. 

"Why would a girl that hot want to blow a little bitch like you? Look at you, you're here sucking a real man's cock. She should be sucking a real man's cock." 

As demeaning as the comment from Drew was, I couldn't have been more turned on. On one hand, he was treating me like a little slut, which I found to be quite a turn on. On the other hand, I knew the fact I had hooked up with Ali was getting under his skin. Win, win. 

I continued worshiping Drew's cock, taking as much in my mouth as I could while stroking the rest of his length. The sound of the porno I had brought up was still playing in the background. Skin clapping together was the most evident sound, and I knew someone was getting fucked hard. It immediately became clear that Drew's attention had turned to the porno as well. 

"I've always wanted to fuck Ali." Drew said, moving his eyes from the computer monitor down to my bobbing head. "You seem to be able to suck cock as good as she does, let's see how good you are at taking a dick." 

With that Drew stood up from the bed, the force of his movement driving his cock down my throat. I pulled back, gagging, but Drew's grip firmly clutched my hair. After pushing my head in the direction of the bed, Drew streamed the porno from the computer monitor onto my larger big screen TV. 

I laid across the side of my bed, my knees on the ground, looking over at the pounding being broadcast on my TV. It was an MMF, a cheerleader being fucked by two older men. Before I could even fully acknowledge what was happening, I felt Drew's hands grip my hips, pushing me up on to the bed. I slid forward, landing on my face, realizing that I was much more drunk than I had thought. With my knees tucked under me and my ass perched up, I turned and looked back over my shoulder at Drew.

After a long swig from his 1 liter, Drew set the empty bottle down on the ground, gripping his cock in his left hand and planting his right hand on my ass. 

"Let's see how your ass handles this big cock." Drew said, slowly pushing my ass cheeks apart. I braced myself, remembering the initial pain I had felt the first time I sat on Drew's hard cock. I felt immediate pressure as Drew's cock forced it's way into my asshole. 

"Ahh fuck!" I exclaimed, scooting forward and off of Drew's cock. A sharp pain shot through me, reverberating around my asshole. 

"Oh no you don't." Drew quickly retorted, pulling my hips back and aiming his cock at my hole. Again I felt a pain shoot through me, my whole body going weak. Unable to hold myself up I fell forward, which only pushed my ass up further. Drew's grip tightened on my hips as he pushed back against me, his cock slowly making it's way inside of me.

"Ahhhh fuck." I whispered again, attempting to push myself up onto my elbows. Before I could properly balance myself, I felt a firm grip on the back of my neck, and an elbow pushing down into my back. My elbows gave out as I laid on my chest, my ass once again pushing out and upwards. At the same time I felt Drew thrust again, and another couple inches of his cock filled me.

"Oh fuck yea, you're gonna take this cock like a good little slut." Drew grunted, pushing down hard on the back of my neck as he now pressed his cock as far into my asshole as he could. As he pushed he made circular motions, spreading my asshole and stirring up my insides. 

Now completely sprawled out on the bed, I was helpless. Drew's hands moved to my lower back as he postured up, delivering long strokes into my ass. His pace quickened as he began driving his full length down into me. Eventually I felt Drew's thighs slamming against my ass, his balls lightly slapping against mine.

"Fuck, I don't think I've ever fucked someone so tight!" Drew exclaimed, pumping faster. "This is better than fucking a virgin." 

Just as I was getting used to the long cock strokes in my ass, I felt Drew pull out. As I turned to look back at him, he grabbed me legs, continuing my momentum and flipping me over onto my back. Without letting go of my ankles, Drew promptly placed them over his shoulder, resting the head of his throbbing cock at the entrance of my pleading asshole. 

"Let's see how good you are at taking a thick load." Drew said, looking into my eyes as he thrust the full length of his cock inside my waiting hole.

Drew began delivering long, full strokes, pulling his cock all the way out, so just the tip remained inside, then slamming himself back into me. With each thrust I had to take a deep breath, the sensation overwhelming as his balls slapped against my ass.  

"I think I'm gonna have to show Ali what a real cock looks like and she'll be blowing me in the bathroom next time." Drew let out. I could hear the confidence in his voice, and also the jealousy.

"I don't know," I snapped back. "I think she wants a man who can really give it to her."

"Oh yea?!" Drew replied aggressively as he grabbed my ankles, pushing them down, and slammed his cock hard into my ass. "You don't think I can give it to her?" Drew kept his cock buried in my ass, continuing to push in.

He then slowly removed his cock from my ass. Just as I heard the tiny pop of his dickhead exiting my asshole, Drew drove the full length of his cock deep into my ass, and begin rapidly pumping, withdrawing 5 or 6 inches at a time before slamming back into me.

My cock was incredibly hard, and I couldn't help but begin jerking off. My asshole was loving every second of the pounding it was receiving, and I was loving the mind games I had going with Drew. All of a sudden Drew pushed one of my legs aside, reached down and grabbed my cock in his right hand. 

"You think Ali wants this?" he questioned, firmly gripping my cock. "You think she'll be happy with this once I show her what I have in store for her?" 

Drew continued to ravage my ass as his right hand started sliding up and down the shaft of my cock. 

"Yea you're right." I replied. "Once Ali gets a taste of that hammer, she won't want my cock again after that."

"Fuck yea!" Drew sighed, his thrusts becoming faster. "She doesn't want your thick cock." Drew let out as he continued to stroke me. I realized Drew had complimented my cock. He must have been enjoying it. Not wanting to draw attention to the matter, I continued inflating his ego. 

"Yea, once you put that meaty cock in her pussy she won't know what to do, you'll probably break her in half." I pushed my ass forward, taking in all of Drew's now throbbing cock. "Yea this fat cock is gonna ruin that pussy."
