 Ruthie and I had been married for nearly eight years, a second marriage for both us. She is about five foot six, with black hair and lovely eyes. Some would call her a bit overweight but I saw her as voluptuous. I'm five foot eleven with a stocking build, dark hair, dark eyes, and a hairy chest. Ruthie and I enjoyed a very lively sex life and we often shared fantasies during our lovemaking. We had both talked about the possibilities of same sex encounters and while we encouraged each other neither of us had ever acted on it.

Dave, is my best friend, has been since we were boys. We had done everything together and enjoyed each other's company over the years. Dave was slightly taller than me with light brown hair, blue eyes and a smooth body. When you are good friends with someone you can tell by the little signs how the other feels and I think both of us felt it might be fun sometime to explore a man to man encounter. 

One Saturday Dave came over to help me with a project while Ruthie went shopping. She loved to shop and would be gone for hours. Dave and I got at the project and when finished we decided to have a beer. We sat down on the couch in the great room and popped in a porno disc. It was the usual stuff and I was able to tell that Dave was as excited as I. We watch the traditional boy-girl, boy-girl-girl, and girl-girl scene when we were treated to a boy-boy scene. At that point we both got very quiet and just watched. Whether he did it on purpose or not suddenly Dave had spread his legs and his thigh touched mine. We looked at each other and there was a long pause. I don't know what actually prompted it but he leaned over and kissed me. 

He broke the kiss and just looked at me, waiting for some kind of sign. I just smiled and we leaned into each other and kissed again. This time lips parted and tongues danced. Our hands began to caress each other and soon both of us had slipped the other's zippers down and as we kissed we were stroking each other. It felt very erotic to feel another man's cock, feel the power of it growing in your hands, and knowing that your touch is the cause. We kissed and stroked, slowly losing our inhibitions until we heard a familiar voice.

"What are you two doing?" cried Ruthie. We both sat up in shocked silence, like two little boys who had been caught with their hands in the cookie jar. We were both red and hard as we tried we couldn't come up with an explanation. We sat there until Ruthie said, "Both of you come with me." She led us into the bedroom and she sat in the lazy boy. We stood in front of her and she said, "Both you take your clothes off." When we started to protest Ruthie said, "Dave, if you don't do what I tell you, I will tell your wife and she will leave you in a heartbeat." She then looked at me and said, "Do what I tell you or I'm gone." With no choice we both got naked.

"Kiss," was all she said. We kissed and when we broke the kiss she told us to get on the bed. As we moved to the bed she opened her blouse. "Now I want you two to make out while I watch." Dave started to protest but Ruthie changed his mind when she grabbed for the phone. We started to kiss and caress each other. 

We took turns licking and nibbling on each other's nipples and as we did that I really started letting the arousal get to me, as did Dave. We took turns and then she said, "Get into a 69." We looked at her and she had removed her clothes and was fingering her pussy. We slowly got into position. There I was face to face, so to speak, with my best friends cock. It was long and slim, rising up out of a nest of curly brown hair. I looked at it and thought how handsome it was. I place my hand on it and was working up the courage to put my mouth around it when I felt Dave's lips on my cock. My eyes closed in pleasure, my head leaned forward and I tasted my first cock. It was so sweet and I moved up head up and back as I stroked him with my hand. 

As we sucked our breathing began to get deeper and moans escaped from both of our lips. The thing I was so hesitant to suck was now something I longed to keep sucking on for as long as possible. I could feel the heat rising in my own body. Our hips began to move in perfect harmony. We were both moving toward a climax, when we heard Ruthie say, "Stop."

Frustrated moans escaped from both of our mouths. Ruthie just smiled. She got up out of her chair and came over to us. She told me to get on my hands and knees. I started to say something but I knew that she had me. I did as I was told. I felt her place something cold and greasy around my anus. He finger slipped in as she lubed me up. She then lubed up Dave's cock. He knelt behind me, she spread my cheeks, and watched as he entered me. 

It hurt, but I took it, I had no choice. Thankfully he pressed his way in slowly, until he was all the way in. He didn't move for a while letting me used to the new invader. Then Ruthie moved around in front of me, with her back against the headboard, legs drawn up. She told me to eat her pussy as Dave Fucked me. 

I lowered my head and I could see the moisture on her lips and smell her arousal. I close my eyes and stuck out my tongue. I began to lap her pussy lips just as Dave started to move in and out. I pressed my tongue into her pussy and licked out her sweet honey. Her taste and scent were driving me crazy as was the cock in my ass. 

As I licked Ruthie began to move and I knew she was getting close. At the other end Dave was stroking faster and faster building up to his climax. Dave held my hips in a vice-like grip and then he grunted hard. His hips bucked hard and he began to shoot his load into my bowels. As he rutted like an animal Ruthie began to cum. Her thighs tightened around my head. He hips lifted up and they bounced up and down of their own accord. She cried out as she spasmed and then slowly both she and Dave came back to earth.

Dave pulled out of me and lay down at the foot of the bed. I rolled over on my back and lay down as well. Ruthie snuggled up and kissed me and she began to stroke my erection. It felt so good and I need to cum desperately. "I love you," she cooed into my ear and that coupled with her caressing caused me to cum. I shot one long stream after another high into the air. The first jet landed in Ruthie's hair as did the second. The third jet him me in the chin with the fourth landing on my neck. Soon the last few drops had been milked from my cock and I rested comfortably. 

No one moved until Ruthie said, "Dave, it's time for you to go. But you will be back here next Saturday." Dave dressed and left silently. While Ruthie and I cuddled up and fell asleep.