 I'll admit it: I have a little bit of an underwear fetish. Nothing major, I just appreciate the way it fits a guy or smells like his crotch after he takes them off. And I've never been too particular about the type of guy I'm into. And that's where the trouble begins.

One weekend, my neighbors asked me to look after their dogs while they went to their daughter's D-2 basketball game. This wasn't a problem, as we were fairly close and I had been close with their daughter since they moved in a couple years ago. So I woke up that Saturday and went over to release the dogs, attempting to hide my raging morning wood that was tenting my gym shorts. I let the dogs out and got them some water, but now had time to burn while they enjoyed the outdoors and a killer hard-on.

So, I did what any guy would do: I went searching through the house for a pair of my neighbor's dirty underwear. Okay, so maybe not any guy, but it was no big deal. And then I found them: boxer briefs, you know, the navy blue Hane's ones that every guy and his dog own. I pulled them out of the laundry and held them to my face to inhale his musk. As that hand went up, the other went down... the front of my shorts. God, he smelled so good, like a hard days work and a hint of precum.

"What're you doin with my shorts, boy?"

Oh. Shit.

Caught with my hand in my pants. This would be hard to explain.

"Well, I... You see... I just... You were supposed to be gone all day and..." I stammered.

"Yeah, I was, but the boss called me in and I had to drop by to pick up my things. Don't worry, Kim's still at Briana's game. Now, why don't you come over here and get a good whiff of the real thing?"

What!?!? This could not be happening! Bill was kinda like a dad to me, only he was a dad I'd fuck in a heartbeat.

"You losin' hearin', boy? I said, come over here."

He grunted as he undid the button on his jeans and let them fall to the floor. And there he was, six foot four or pure man in a pair of tight white Jockeys with a huge bulge in the front. I stumbled towards him as instructed and fell to my knees in front of him. 6'1" put me at just the right height so that, on my knees, his cock was even with my face.

Before I could figure out what was happening, he grabbed the back of my head and shoved it into his crotch, leaving his obviously stiffening cock and balls lying flat on my forehead. Lord, he smelled like sex. And he knew it.

Before I knew what was happening, his cock was out of his Jockeys and hanging in front of me.

GOOD GOD! Is that a cock or a fire hose?

Even semi-erect, he hung a good 9 inches long and was so thick I thought he'd had a soda can implanted in his cock.

"Well, what're you waitin' for? You obviously want it. Take it."

And I did. Well, at least I tried.

It was a lot like how I imagined swallowing balloons of heroine if the balloons were the size of footballs. I barely got the head in without dislocating my jaw, and I could feel him getting harder.

And then he pushed. He shoved so much of that cock in my mouth that I thought my jaw would pop off. And then he kept going.

I fumbled to push off him, but he simply grabbed both my wrists with one meaty paw and held my face on his cock with the other.

"Now now, you got to have your fun with my underwear. Don't you think it's my turn to do the same?"

With that, he pulled his dick out of my mouth, my jaw sore from accommodating him. But before I could get my bearings, he'd hoisted me on his shoulders like a bag of potatoes and was carrying me through the house. And I knew where he was taking me: the bedroom.

I bounced on the bed as he threw me down. I looked up just in time to see him produce the same pair of boxer briefs I'd been huffing earlier and stuff the in my mouth. He tied them in there with the lace from one of his workboots and used the other to tie my hands loosely behind my back. I'd seen enough pornos in my 20 years to know where this was going even before he rolled me on my stomach and shucked my gym shorts and boxers off me.

My suspicions were only confirmed when I turned my head and saw him standing naked behind me, having produced a tube of lube from somewhere while I was distracted.

Fuck, this is gonna hurt.

And it did. A lot. I was a virgin before he fucked me. But even the head of his giant cock was too much for me to take. If not for the musty undergarment stuffed in my mouth, the neighbors would have heard me screaming as he penetrated me. I must have blacked out for a while, because the next thing I remember is enjoying the way he fucked me and fondled my balls at the same time. This huge man was holding me down on his bed, but almost tenderly.

After a few minutes of being ridden like a horse by a horse, I could feel him twitching inside me. Before I knew it, there was a warm flood in my belly as he released load after load of sticky sweet cum into me.

But he wasn't done yet. He flipped me back over on my front and tossed the white Jockeys over my face so that I could smell them but not see what was happening.

Then I felt his mouth on my cock, the expert mouth of a former sailor who had made it through basic training by regularly servicing his commanding officers, sometimes all at the same time. Before I knew what was happening, I was bucking and shooting my load down his throat. And, to his credit, he took every drop.

When he had finished with me, he took the Jockeys off of my face and made a show of untying me, wrists first and finally the gag. He then picked up my boxers from the floor and took a long drag off them before stuffing them in his pocket.

"Now, go home. And just remember, if I ever catch you with my shorts to your face and I'm not in 'em, I'm gonna fuck you so hard you'll think this was me being gentle."