 Day one of my summer long visit to my grandparents farm had certainly been an interesting one, I thought to myself as I prepared for what I expected to be at best a fitful night's sleep. It was amusing in a way to think that while I had managed to keep a very personal secret from my folks for 18 years, a few hours up here and I was exposed.

I had made a friend really fast, which was not all that unusual for me, and I suspect that this kid must have been pretty perceptive because he figured me out in no time. All I knew about him was that he was my age, his name was Mike and he was as bored with spending summer around these parts as I was although he lived out here which was even worse.

We were out behind my grandfather's barn where I was supposed to be straightening up the clutter that had accumulated, and Mike decided to take a leak. Me being the inquisitive type, I decided to take a look at my new friend and when I looked at what he was using to irrigate the land I was very impressed.

"Man, you've got a big dick," I said of the sizable organ that he had hanging out of his jeans while he stood with his hands on his hips and gave a bit of an arrogant smile, which made me want to add something like especially for a little runt because he was even shorter than my 5'8".

I bit my tongue though because there was no telling how this would end up. Mike was obviously showing off his stuff for my benefit and maybe wondering if what he might have sensed about me was right. 

By the time his peeing was ending I was standing a bit behind Mike and reaching around to offer assistance. I shook his meaty organ dry and then kept shaking, discovering that while he was well hung he had already been somewhat aroused so after a few pulls I was holding an erection.

I stayed behind him, pressing against his back while looking down at my fist stroking his 7 or 8 inches of uncut cock and wondering whether I should just go down on him when I felt his cock surge as he groaned.

Mike either had no self control, was real horny or I gave a great hand job because his cock was spurting, sending a barrage of cum onto the dirt in front of us. I don't think the entire event lasted even a minute, and I spent more time pulling on his manhood after he came than I had before.

I was happily milking Mike as his cock deflated, stretching and pulling in an effort to get every drop out of him while wondering whether or not he would reciprocate or not when I happened to look up.

"Shit," I muttered about the same time as Mike blurted out, "Mr. Preston!" which indicated that he knew the man who had come from around the side of the barn and was staring at us.

He was Mr. Preston to Mike but he was Grandpa to me, and while he turned and walked back from where he had come from I had a feeling this was not the end of this.

"You in trouble?" Mike asked as I finally let go of his dick.

"I don't know. I mean, I'm not a kid and not his kid either. Too old to be spanked but not too old to have him tell my parents that their pride and joy is gay," I explained.

"They don't know?" Mike said. "I mean, I thought it was obvious. You want me to do you?"

I passed, having lost my interest in sex for maybe the first time in my life. Mike decided to leave at that point, hightailing it the long way around so as not to run into my grandfather while assuring me that we would meet again soon, only somewhere else.

I spent the rest of the day working back there, doing whatever I had to do to stay out of Grandpa's sight. The only consolation was that it could have been Grandma instead because she's had heart issues and that might have been a sight to trigger something along those lines.

Nothing was said by my grandfather during dinner and judging by the way Grandma acted she didn't get told about my activities, so after we ate I excused myself and explained I was exhausted and was going to take a shower and got to bed.

"Farm life wears a city slicker out quick," Grandma clucked as I departed, and after I got safely into the bathroom and into the warm soothing spray I was able to review what had been an interesting day to say the least.

In retrospect I had been stupid, pretty much attacking Mike like I had behind the barn, although him flaunting himself like he had certainly didn't help the situation because when it came to well hung guys I had already proved I had next to no willpower.

Just thinking of standing behind Mike like I had and holding his cock made me hard. Maybe it was the idea that I was pretending that it was me with the big cock that excited me so, since I was painfully average in that regard and had always envied the guys that had been blessed.

Mike was blessed, and as I stroked my cock to what would be a happy ending in my mind I was looking over Mike's shoulder with my fist wrapped around that stiff hunk of manhood of his. My orgasm came just as my mental replay had me milking his deflating cock, and as I did the same to my own dick I conveniently ended my recollection before Grandpa came around the corner and ruined it all.

***

"Do you want to fuck me in the ass?" I asked Mike as we stood behind the barn again with me standing behind my new friend, stroking his stiff member while hoping his answer was going to be yes.

What woke me up I don't know. All I did know that when my eyes opened I wasn't outside with Mike but was in the guest room of my grandparents house, and while the room was pretty dark I was able to make out the shape of somebody standing beside the bed.

I know that I let out an audible gasp because for some reason the shape looked like the main character in a movie that I had seen the week before back home on the Midnight Creature Feature show on channel 10, The Thing From Another Planet.

Obviously The Thing, or the actor James Arness was not in the bedroom with me, and the person that hushed me before I screamed was nothing like the hulking actor but was a slender senior citizen with grey hair who was just about my modest height.

"Something wrong - is Grandma..." I mumbled as I propped myself up and tried to clear my head.

"No Brad," Grandpa assured me. "Everything's fine. We need to talk."

Now fully awake, I figured out that the moment I had dreaded all evening was taking place, and if there was anything worse that having to endure a heart-to-heart talk with my father I was pretty sure that a man-to-man with Grandpa would be even worse.

"Not here Brad," Grandpa said, and with that he motioned for me to follow him as he walked out of the guest room and down the hall.

Through the house we walked, two guys clad only in their boxer shorts, and when the back door opened and Grandpa stepped onto the back porch I was glad that it was a warm and muggy night.

I was about to ask where we were going but within a couple of strides our destination was obvious. The barn. I had been taken to the barn by Grandpa before during a previous visit when I had accidentally used "the f word" in front of Grandma.

That had been a very embarrassing situation with me standing there with my pants down around my ankles while Grandpa smacked my ass with a belt, and while it had hurt what was embarrassing was my reaction to the punishment which was something I never did understand.

Was this about to happen again? I sure as hell hoped not for a number of reasons but after we entered the barn and Grandpa bolted the door behind us the time for speculation had ended.

"About this afternoon..." I said, although I wasn't sure how I was going to explain away what Grandpa had seen.

"Yes, this is about the afternoon," Grandpa said coldly while lighting a kerosene lamp, and as the barn filled with a eerie yellowish light my heart started pounding even harder.

"I'm sorry," I said when even my best attempts at concocting a lame excuse failed me.

"You're sorry you got caught," Grandpa deduced correctly as he idly scratched the silver cloud of hair on his chest.

"Are you going to whip me again?" I wondered aloud as my eyes searched for the leather strap that used to hang on a wall somewhere.

"No, because as I recall that wasn't really much of a punishment for you, was it?" he mused with a wicked edge to his voice.

Shit. He HAD noticed what had happened when he spanked my ass with that strap that time. I thought that after he stopped smacking my butt I had managed to get my jeans back up before he saw the massive load I had filled my underwear with but apparently I failed.

"No, I'm not mad about what you were doing. It was the way you did it," Grandpa explained. "Imagine if your Grandma was the one that came back there and saw you with that little boy?"

"He's not a little boy, Grandpa," not mentioning that Mike was far from little. "He's a month older than I am."

"That little rascal is 18?" Grandpa asked, and when I nodded he mentioned how fast time flew. "Interesting. Well, like I said, if you're a man you have to take care of your business like a man. Like that bolt on the door for instance."

Grandpa nodded to the door he had locked, and as he did my mind spun. Was he telling me to bring Mike into the barn and lock the door before fooling around with him?

"You understand?"

"I think so," I said.

"What were you two going to do before I went back there?" he asked as he walked over to an old cabinet on the wall.

"I dunno,' I admitted.

"You a pitcher or a catcher?" he asked as he took a couple of bottles out from the back of the cabinet, and I could see that one of them was a pint bottle of Old Crow.

"What?" I asked because I really wasn't much of a baseball player, and after he handed me the bottle and told me to take a swallow he explained, almost causing me to choke on the nasty liquor.

"I meant whether you like taking it up the ass or giving it," Grandpa said. "You always seemed to me that you were a bottom type."

Good grief. Grandpa knew I was gay even before this afternoon? Even my parents didn't know that.

"Thought so," Grandpa said as he took the bottle from me and downed the rest with one swallow, and after tossing the empty into the corner he shook the other bottle with a slow shake of the wrist. "Like I said, you got dirt to do up here, you do it behind a locked door. Now take them off."

"What?"

"Your drawers. Take them off," he directed as I saw what the bottle was he was shaking. Cornhusker's Lotion, and when he saw what i was looking at he added, "I keep it in the back of the top shelf if you need it."

"I can't..."

"Want me to take them off for you? Like to pretend that you don't want it?" he asked with a sneer. "Let's go Brad. Just pull them down."

I didn't do what he asked, at least right away but after we stared at each other for a minute and I saw his eyes start to show a bit of anger I relented.

"Move your hands away, Brad," he instructed, and after I did what I was told Grandpa chuckled a little. 

"You've got a little one like your Daddy," Grandpa noted, and while I didn't know how he would know that, I started to mumble that it wasn't all THAT small and it was shrinking because I was scared, and it was then he flicked open the snap of his own boxers and let them drop to the ground.

Up to that very moment I swear that I had never spent a minute fantasizing about my grandfather's cock, and it wasn't because he was an old guy because I liked men who were older. The first guy that had introduced me to sex was probably about Grandpa's age and it was great. I thought he was well hung too, and he was, but then I saw Grandpa.

At first I thought I was seeing things in the weird lighting as he stepped out of his boxers, but after he straightened up and stood there with his hands on his hips facing me it was clear my eyes were not deceiving me.

It was like a couple of gunslingers facing each other preparing for a shootout instead of two guys naked in a barn and if it was a duel it was obvious I was outgunned, and as Grandpa reached down and used a lotioned-up hand to pull on himself he nodded to me to do the same to myself.

In less than a minute I was hard as blue steel despite me shaking like a leaf, and as my fingers stroked my boner I was hypnotized by my grandfather's manhood. It hadn't been my imagination when I saw his cock hanging down almost to his knees before he lifted it, and even though Grandpa was not much taller than my 5'8" so the distance wasn't like it would have been if he was Wilt Chamberlain, the fact remained that Grandpa was huge.

Absurdly thick at the stump which grew out of a nest of grey hair, it tapered down a bit until the end where it looked like an apple was jammed under his long foreskin, and as the lotion slicked up the pale vein riddled shaft he seemed to relish the awe exuding from me.

"Can't believe your folks mutilated you like that," Grandpa said while nodding at my boner, apparently not happy that I had been circumcised, and while I wasn't thrilled with it either I was more upset with being so modestly endowed.

"I know," I mumbled while watching my grandfather's cock get hard, and while it didn't get longer or thicker, after all it had started out being as long as my arm from the elbow down.

"Over here," Grandpa motioned as he walked over towards a saw horse, and after pulling it away from the wall he told me to bend over it.

"Grandpa..." I started to protest but by then I was already following his instructions, and when he pulled my ass cheeks apart and inserted a long bony finger into my anus I didn't protest, nor did I do anything but cry out a bit when a second finger was forced into me.

"Oh Brad you're so tight - what an ass you have on you," were Grandpa's last words before he moved up behind me and replaced his fingers with something that wasn't as calloused and hard but was bigger.

"Grandpa," I sobbed as it felt like he was pouring that snake of his into my rectum, and while it slid in smoothly after the bulbous knob popped in, his cock threatened to rip me in two and that feeling grew stronger when he got stiffer after my cock squeezed around his organ.

"Shhh," Grandpa hissed as he leaned over me, his hand reaching around to grab my erection in his fist, and as he did I looked down to see that his hand completely hide my dick in what felt like an vice.

Grandpa didn't jerk me off but just squeezed my dick as he humped me like a machine. The only sounds in the room were my gasp each time he thrust deep and his breathing. which sounded like a locomotive as he wordlessly fucked me hard and fast.

It was so quiet otherwise that when I came I could actually hear the first wad of semen hit the dirt below me, and he kept squeezing my dick while continuing to thrust into me, his hairy chest rubbing into my back as our sweat began to fly.

Eventually Grandpa let out a moan that just about suggested he was having a heart attack but was actually a signal that he was coming, and as he stayed hunched over me I felt his seed coat my bowels with a soothing warmth.

Grandpa rested on top me for a couple of minutes as his breathing gradually slowed, and after his cock eventually slithered out of my ass he let go of my dick and we stood straight up.

"You took it like a man, son," Grandpa said as he hugged me, and as he went over to pick up his underwear he reminded me to make sure that in the future I, in his words, "Did the dirt behind locked doors." 

"Grandpa?" I asked, for some reason not wanting this to end even though that my anus was throbbing. "Aren't you going to punish me?"

"No, I..." Grandpa said but then looked at me and then as he hid the little smile that had started to form at the corners of his mouth he changed his mind.

"Yes, I suppose I should," Grandpa agreed, and as he took the strap off of the hook on the wall and got the rope that he had used to tie my hands from the beam over us he concluded, "You should be punished."

As I hung there helplessly while the first smack of the leather on my ass filled the air I wondered whether my father had been in the very same position decades ago that I was, feeling the same belt and giving the same reaction in response.

This time for me my underwear were not on like they were the last time, and while the sting was now greater it was also better. In between smacks Grandpa would walk around me making equally stinging comments, letting the belt rub against my dick which was getting hard despite having already been drained moments earlier.

Eventually Grandpa stopped using the belt and started to smack my ass with his hand instead, and while it stung less the sound was louder. Grandpa asked me if I was going to keep being a bad boy, and after I nodded he laughed.

"Thought so," he cackled as he spanked me again, and when he noticed that wisps of hair had grown under my arms since the last time he plucked a strand out and enjoyed my pained reaction.

I came soon after with Grandpa standing at my side, his left hand spanking me while using his right to squeeze and manipulate the base of my dick savagely between his thumb and index finger, and I came so hard that I almost passed out.

Grandpa untied me and sat with me until I got myself together, and then we left the barn with his arm around my shoulder, both of us knowing that we would be back again and again that week doing our dirt behind a locked door.

***

Epilogue...

My folks, having come by to pick me up after getting their own vacation away from me, were talking to my grandmother before we left while I chatted with Grandpa out by our car.

"Gonna miss you Brad," Grandpa said, and while I was going to miss him too something was bothering me.

"Mike - I was talking with him this morning," I said. "He told me that you asked him to come up here and help you out sometimes after I'm gone."

"Oh. I see," Grandpa said. "Are you mad?"

"Mad? No. Jealous," I confessed.

"I'm sure he'll be happy to see you come next summer."

"I'm more jealous about you," I said because while I liked Mike a lot Grandpa was - special. "He's better looking than me and has a bigger..."

"Brad, he will never replace you in my heart," Grandpa assured me. "It's just that I get so lonely. Your grandmother - well we get along but nothing happens between us, if you know what I mean. Hasn't in so long I can't remember. That's why I've reverted back to fellas. You're the last grandson I have and I don't have that many guys working the farm anymore."

"I'll be back next summer, and maybe between semesters at college I can visit," I suggested.

"I'd love that," Grandpa said. "Although that barn can get pretty cold in winter."

"I think you can find a way to heat it up," I offered, and then my folks were in the car and we were headed home.

"I hope you didn't act up too much Bradley," my Mom asked in her nagging way, and as I rolled my eyes and assured her I was alright my old man chimed in.

"My Dad said he was fine," Dad told my mother and as he spoke he looked in the rear-view mirror. "Besides, I think Brad knows that his grandfather has his ways of keeping youngsters in line. Isn't that right Brad?"

"Yes Dad," I said as we looked at each other in the mirror, maybe for really the first time.

"I was young once too you know," Dad sighed before concentrating on the road ahead. "I remember it well."

***

Thank you for reading