 Ruthie pulled in to the parking lot and as she was getting out of her car she saw Shirley pulling. Shirley was four years younger than Ruthie and was a petite blonde with blue-eyes and a 32b in chest. The two women moved toward each other, hugged, and went into the restaurant.

Ruthie asked for a small quiet booth and the two women were led to a spot by the hostess. She smiled as she gave them their menus and then told them their waitress would be there soon. They looked at the menus and caught up on all that was going on. The waitress came and Ruthie ordered a club sandwich while Shirley ordered a cobb salad. The two continued to chat about mundane things until the waitress brought them their food. 

"Well, Ruthie," said Shirley, "what's really going on?"

Ruthie just smiled as she sat back. "Shirley, how would you like Dave to do just about anything you wanted?"

Shirley smiles and said, "I'd love it. A new addition to the host would be for starters. Why do you ask?"

Ruthie continued, "If I could give you that, would you promise not to be mad at what I'm about to tell you?"

Shirley looked serious and then blurted out, "You saw Dave with another woman?"

Ruthie just smiled as she replied, "No dear, I saw Dave with another man."

Shirley had just taken a bite of her salad ad she stopped in mid-chew. She had the most perplexed look on her face as she finished chewing. "What?" was all she could muster.

Ruthie laughed and told her the whole story about the guys and how she caught them playing in the shower and how she had been putting them through their paces. Shirley just sat back in disbelief as the story unfolded in front of her. When Ruthie was finished there was quiet and Ruthie asked, "Are you upset?" 

Shirley smiled sheepishly and said, "Actually, I'm a little turned on." 

Ruthie patted her hand and said, "Good girl." The two hatched their plan. Dave would come over again this Saturday at eleven a.m. Shirley would follow about half an hour later. This would give the boys plenty of time to be naked and well under way when Shirley walked in. The two women just smiled and finished lunch.

When Mike got home he greeted his wife with a kiss and opened up the paper. Ruthie came out with two martinis and handed one to Mike. They drank and talked about the days events. It was then that Ruthie said, "Call Dave and tell him to come over this Saturday at eleven a.m." 

Mike did as he was told and Dave did as Mike told him. Ruthie had a devilish grin on her face as the men talked on the phone. 

Saturday came and when Mike and Ruthie got out of bed Ruthie told Mike not to bother to dress. He would remain nude until Dave showed up. Mike tried to play it cool but at the word his cock rose to half mast. Ruthie noticed and said, "I think you are beginning to enjoy your time with Dave." Mike just blushed.

The ate breakfast and read the paper with Mike in the nude. They both cleaned up the house and just at eleven the doorbell rang. Mike looked through the peephole and saw Dave. He opened the door and let Dave in. Dave smiled at Mike until he saw Ruthie appear. She looked at them and sent them to the bedroom. After they were gone Ruthie unlocked the door so Shirley could get in. 

When Ruthie got there both men were nude and keeling on the floor with palms face up on their thighs. Ruthie noticed that both of them had full blown erections. She smile as she sat down. You know the first time I saw you two you could hardly get an erection but each time you have become more aroused to the point that you are both ready for some hot, naughty sex. 

Ruthie gave the command, the men stood and began to kiss. No preliminary kisses this time but they both kissed open mouthed using their tongues in each others mouths. Their passion mounting Ruthie finally told them to lie down on the bed and start some serious making out. 

They did just that. Kissing, hugging, and caressing each other. They took turns licking and kissing each others nipples and stroking each others cocks. Soon they slipped in to a nice 69. The men were enjoying their intimate kiss and wer oblivious to everything else around them. 

They were intent on fondling each others balls and they licked and sucked on each other's cocks. Licking the little triangle on the underside of his cock Dave was moving closer and closer to orgasm. He sucked gently as the feeling of orgasm waited on the horizon. Now the two went back sucking each other with gusto. As they sucked Shirley walked in. She looked at Ruthie and smiled and as she did she fanned her face pretending to be on fire. She went back to watching the men for a few moments when she suddenly said, "David S. Edwards, what in God's name are you doing?" 

Dave disengaged as quickly as he could and looked up at his lovely wife. He turned red and then looked away. Shirley started laughing and then said, "All right David, what is going on here." 

Dave could hardly speak when Mike sat up and told her what was going on. The smile ran away from Shirley's face until Mike was finished. As Shirley listened she noticed that neither man's erection had dissipated. Finally, she looked at the two of them and began to smile again. 

"Do you know what I would like to see more than anything? I would like to see my husband take Mike's cock in his ass. I think that would be so sweet and hot. And then David, you are going to start doing whatever I tell you around the house or I will call up your mother and tell her what a naughty boy she has. 

David just shook his head and asked Mike how he wanted him. Mike told him that he wanted him on his hands a knees. David did what he was told as Ruthie gave Mike a bottle of lubricant. Mike lubed up his cock and Dave's virgin asshole. 

Mike got on the bed and then mounted his friend. He slowly presses the head of his cock against Dave's virgin anus. "Just relax," said Mike and he slowly began to push into his best friends asshole. Soon Mike was all the way in. He took a moment and let Dave get used to the invader. Once Dave was stretched, Mike began to move in and out, in and out.

As Mike fucked Dave he reached around and began to stroke his best friend's cock. The two women were mesmerized at the display. They watched intently as Mike moved in and out, each time stretching Dave. Soon the burning turned to pleasure as Dave got into it, pushing his hips in and out in perfect rhythm with Mike. 

Shirley came around, kissed Dave, and said, "I love you." As she did Dave began to grunt and the first pearly white drop of cum appeared at the tip of his cock. Then out came the first spurt. As he spurted his anus contracted around Mike's cock and soon Mike grunted. He unleashed the first blast of his cum deep in Dave's bowels. The two men moved with intensity and moaning in joy as they came. Dave could feel the white hot blasts of Mike's cum in his anus and he truly enjoyed it. Now he knew how Shirley felt and he had a new respect and appreciation and respect for what is must be like to be a woman. Finally, Mike disengaged and lay down on the bed as Dave lowered himself to his belly. 

Shirley snuggled up to her husband and told him how hot she was and how excited she had become watching him. Ruthie came over and gave Mike a kiss and said, "Now that is no longer a secret between the four of us, our relationship is about to change dramatically."

When the two men had rested Ruthie invited all four into the family room for coffee. Ruthie told the boys not to dress as it was going to be a very pleasant day with lots of fun.