 It was just another morning at the gym. I was off that day so I went just a little later. I took the opportunity to work out a little harder because I knew I did not have to go to work. When I finished, I was looking forward to a nice long, hot shower. I was probably in the shower for five minutes enjoying the relaxing effects of the strong current of the shower. I heard someone come into the shower room. I glanced behind me and saw a younger black man walk into the shower and take a shower head several positions beyond where I was standing. I work out at an older gym and the shower room is the open style.

I was really enjoying my shower and was kind of in a trance when I heard the young black guy ask me "Do you like what you see?"

I was shook out of my trance. What did he ask me? I realized then that I had been staring at him. As he casually stroked his cock, he asked me again "Do you like what you see?"

I quickly looked away, blushing. I had been caught staring at him as he stroked his cock. What was I thinking?

Then he said "Your cock obviously likes what you see!"

I looked down and my cock was hard as a rock. I was shocked and embarrassed. What was going on? I was totally hetero. I am married. I have three kids. I certainly am not the kind of person who would be caught staring at a young man stroking his cock and getting excited about the site. I sensed movement from the young man's direction. When I looked up, I saw him walking towards me still casually stroking his cock. When he got close to me, he asked me

"Do you want to touch it?"

I was shocked. No, I did not want to touch his cock. What did he think I was? I went to step back from him and he told hold of my wrist. He did not force me, but he asked me again

"Are you sure you don't want to touch it?"

I was holding firm against his hand, but I was not pulling away from him. He had me in a staring contest as he repeated for a third time

"You know you want to touch it, don't you?"

I kept staring at him as he slowly pulled my hand closer to his semi hard cock. He slowly put his cock in my hand and holding my wrist, he stroked his cock with my hand. It was hot and firm, but not hard. It felt strangely similar to how my cock felt in my hand when I did the same thing to myself. As we continued to stare at each other, he slowly let go of my wrist as I continued to stroke his cock. He was getting harder and harder as I stroked him. I was more and more enjoying the feel of his hard cock in my hand.

"You like that, don't you?"

What the hell was I doing? This isn't me. I have never touched another man's cock. But yet, here I am stroking the cock of a young man who could be my son. And my cock is as hard as I can ever remember it being. Why was I so excited about stroking his cock?

He asked me again "You like stroking my cock, don't you?" All I could do is nod.

"Say it!"

I just looked him in the eye as I lowly said "I like stroking your cock".

What was going on? I was in a stupor. I was doing something totally against everything I thought I was and I was so excited about doing it. I willingly admitted it out loud.

"Do you want a closer look at it?"

What was he asking? Was he asking me to get closer to his cock? What else did he want? Where was all this going?

"I asked you if you wanted a closer look?" he asked in a slightly firmer manner. I have no idea why, but I nodded.

"Say it!"

I just looked at him, took a deep breath and said "I want a closer look".

"A closer look at what?" he asked.

He sensed that he had me where he wanted me and was pressing for more control. I weakly said "I want a closer look at your cock."

"Follow me."

I followed him into the locker room. We had both grabbed our towels and wrapped them around ourselves as we were both sporting hard ons. Once we were in the locker room, he turned to me and pushed me down on a bench. He stood in front of me and let his towel drop. His still semi hard cock was inches from my face. It was visibly throbbing. I knew what was coming next, but I just could not stop myself. How could I be in this position? I was trying to get the courage up to reach up and take hold of his cock once again, when we heard someone come in the locker room. We both grabbed our towels and covered ourselves up. I think we both realized at the same time that we were taking a big chance.

He looked down at me and told me "If you want to finish this, meet me outside in ten minutes."

I knew what he was talking about. I had to decide if I was going to go down this path. Was I ready to do something that was probably going to change me and how I live my life forever? I was hot as I have ever been. I could not get the vision of his semi hard, black cock inches from my face out of my mind. It made no sense, but I had to have it. I threw caution to the wind, quickly dressed and went outside.

He was already standing outside. When he saw me come out the door and walk towards him, he got this sly like grin on his face. He knew he had me. I was his to use.

"Follow me" was all he said.

I got in my car and waited for him to pull out of his parking space and I pulled in behind him and followed him to his house. Questions kept running through my mind as I followed him. What was I willing to do for this guy? What would he want me to do? What if we got caught? What if my wife or family or even my friends found out what I was going to do? How would my life change?

I came to my senses as he pulled into his driveway. I pulled in front of his house. He pointed to the front door. I sat there trying to compose myself when I saw the front door open. He motioned to me to come in. I got out of the car and almost ran to door. What if someone saw me going into his house? Maybe they would somehow know what I was about to do. Then I composed myself as I walked into the foyer of his home. 

He looked at me and said "if you are serious about finishing this, strip here in the foyer and meet me in the family room." He pointed to the family room as he walked away. 

Well, I knew that this was my last opportunity to turn back. But I thought about the vision of his semi hard cock and I knew I had to have it. I took all my clothes off and walked into the family room.

He was standing in the middle of the room naked with his hands on his hips. He 7" cock stuck out from his body in a semi hard state. I walked over to him. As I got to him, he reached out and pushed me to my knees. Here I was kneeling naked in front of a young man young enough to be my son with his semi hard cock a couple inches from my mouth.

He told me "Open your mouth bitch!" 

I took a deep breath and opened my mouth. He took hold of his cock and pushed it past my lips into my mouth. Wow, what a feeling. It was long and thick and hard and hot. And it tasted ok too. I had not had time to think about what I was going to do if I got his cock in my mouth, but things just sort of came naturally. I knew I had to be careful with my teeth from my experience getting a blowjob. So I carefully tongued his cock as I slowly began to bob my head back and forth on his cock. He moaned slightly and I could feel his cock swell in my mouth. Wow, what a feeling that is. I came to my senses long enough to realize what I doing and what I must look like. But then the feeling of being on my knees submissively sucking another man's cock over took me and I went back to sucking his cock in earnest.

I could not keep track of time but at some point I could feel his cock swelling up and hardening even more. I knew that had to be it. I really had not thought about what I was going to do when he came close to cumming. He took care of that by telling me he was close. 

"I am going to cum in your mouth" is all he said. He was obviously gritting his teeth as he said it.

I accepted that as the way it was supposed to be. At that moment I began to wonder what I was going to do with his cum when he told me "Make sure you swallow every bit you cocksucking bitch!"

Well that settled that. I felt his first spurt of cum at the back of my throat and I instantly went to swallowing his cum load as fast as I could. I did not realize at the time that he had hold of my head, so taking his cum load in my mouth really was my only option. But I realized that whether he had hold of my head or not, I was taking his load in my mouth and swallowing it all. 

At that moment I realized that I had made a major change in my life. I willingly dropped to my knees and sucked another man's cock, willingly swallowing his cum load. I was a cocksucker. And I also knew that this would not be the last time I would suck a cock. 

He looked down at me as he slipped his cock out of his mouth.

"First time?"

I nodded. 

He smiled. 

"You know that you are mine now?"

I had not thought about it, but the idea somehow appealed to me. I was wondering what he meant by the statement when he said 

"From now on, when I want to use you, you will submit to me and do what I want you to do for me." 

Wow, that was a pretty open statement.

"Do you agree to be my bitch?"

I nodded.

"Say it!"

I quickly said "Yes, I agree to be your bitch."

"Remember that! I have plans for you. Now get dressed and get out of here. I have things to do. Leave your cell number and email address on the table in the foyer. "

As I walked out of his front door, I wondered if anyone had seen me go in. I wondered if anyone knew that I had just sucked my first cock. I wondered if anyone would find out. I actually was a little gitty. Little did I know how my life would change?

More to come...