 We'd made love for a couple of hours. We watched a great porno (at least I thought it was) that had three guys in it: one very well hung black guy and two white guys who shouldn't be embarrassed about their equipment. There were two women, one an adorable blonde, and the other, a beautiful brunette. The blonde was definitely the hotter of the two. The premise of the movie was that the blonde was ready and willing to take anything the men offered while the brunette was shy and only wanted to watch. The blonde was able to take the black guy's man meat all the way down her throat without even flinching.

Any way, they all fucked and sucked each other. Both women took it up the ass with smiles on their faces. I enjoyed every bit of the movie and my wife. I ended up coming in her ass as she came to a roaring orgasm. We were both a little tipsy so we just pulled the covers up and went to sleep. My wife fell asleep almost immediately. I, on the other hand, kept thinking about the black guy's cock and how big it was. I found my self getting aroused. It was at that moment that I realized that watching the guys turned me on as much if not more than watching the girls. No question that I love to see big titties with nice hard nipples. A shaved pussy with big meaty lips gets my juices flowing but watching a guy with a big cock play with himself and then shoot his load in some girl's mouth or ass really makes my dick hard. I wondered, would it make a difference if the guy had a small dick? Then would the porn be as good? I realized it was as much how big the dicks were. I liked to look at big dicks. I mean I really liked to look at big dicks.

Was it only looking at them that turned me on? I thought back to all the porn I've watched. The one I watched earlier was obviously the freshest in my mind. I pictured that big black dick being engulfed by the blonde's mouth. The deepthroating was incredible. I wondered if I would be able to take that dick down my throat. I was actually thinking about it. Not if I would, but if I could!!! My cock was as hard as a rock thinking about sucking on that big black cock. My thoughts switched to the blonde girl taking that huge pole up her ass. I fucked my wife's ass many times and she's always had earth-shaking orgasms so I know it felt good. I've read enough gay erotica that describes how good getting fucked in the ass can be. I know enough gay guys who seem to have no complaints about getting boned in the ass or sucking cock.

I looked over at my wife and she was sound asleep. I got out of bed and went downstairs to the computer. I was obsessing on what it would be like to suck a guy's dick and get fucked up the ass. I searched for m/m sex galleries and ended up with a million choices. There I was, sitting in the dark looking at picture after picture of guys doing each other. I surfed with one hand while my other hand stroked my cock. I was totally turned on by what I was seeing and my mind was putting me in the pictures I was looking at. I imagined myself taking a cock in my mouth, sucking for dear life and getting a load of cum shot down my throat. I could feel my asshole opening and closing as if I was squeezing on a big cock that was penetrating me. The galleries were awesome. I looked at picture after picture.

"What are you looking at, hon?" I heard right behind my ear. It was my wife looking over my shoulder at the computer screen. I was so involved in what I was doing, I never heard her coming up behind me. Her question needed no answer because she saw what I was looking at. I thought, ohmigod, she's caught me jacking off to gay porn. It could have been a crisis of embarrassing proportion trying to come up with the right answer. But she made it easy.

"Hey, I watch your face when we're looking at porn. I can see how turned on you get when you watch the men masturbate." I let go of my cock as if I'd been caught doing something bad but she reached down and put my hand back on it. 

"Keep doing what you're doing. If you don't mind, I'd like to look at the pictures with you." She reached around and began caressing my nipples, something that always drives me wild. 

"Ooh, look at the size of the cock on that black guy. Do you think that he'll be able to get in the other guy's ass?" she said in a very low, seductive and breathy voice. "Do you think you could take his cock in your ass?"

I didn't know what to say. All I could do was moan from the excitement she was creating and the super hard dick that was in my hand.

"Wouldn't you like to stick your cock in that guy's ass, baby?" 

I already know what it's like to stick my prick in a hole. I'd rather be on the receiving end.

The next picture showed a blond hunk deepthroating a black guy. The contrast in skin color made the picture even hotter.

"Is that what you'd like to do, suck a black guy's cock?"

My nipples were like pencil erasers. I could feel my wife's hot breath on my neck. 

"You know, I think it would really turn me on to watch you give head to another guy. I know that I love sucking your cock and swallowing your cum and I know that you love it when I do it. And I'd probably have an orgasm just watching you get your ass fucked. I always have an incredible orgasm when you fuck my ass because it feels so naughty and so good. Would you ever let a guy fuck your ass while I watched?"

My wife kept squeezing and teasing my nipples while I was rubbing my cock. I was doing everything I could to keep rubbing but not blow my load. I wanted to see where this was going. I knew that there was no way the word "no" was coming out of my mouth. I wasn't about to say no to anything she wanted.

She kept the questions going.

"What do you think of when you look at these pictures? I mean, you're jerking off looking at gay pictures. Do you see yourself in the pictures? You really want to be one of the guys you're looking at?"

I'm curious about giving a guy a blowjob and swallowing his cum, I have to admit. And I'd really like to know what it's like to have a cock in my ass.

"Yes, I do," I told her straight out. "I would like to be on the receiving end of anal and the giving end of a blowjob."

"Come to bed and we'll talk about it." She took my hand and pulled me up from the chair. My dick was sticking straight. I think she could have hung from it, it was so hard. We walked upstairs to our bedroom and she led me to our bed.

"Lay down and get comfortable, honey." She pushed me back on the bed and put some pillows behind my head. She lit some candles and placed them around the room. The bedroom quickly became a sexy boudoir, filled with the aroma of vanilla from the candles. My wife went into the closet and opened the drawer where all our sex toys and DVD's were kept. She opened up the case of DVD's and while looking for just the right movie, came across my stash of gay porn.

"Oh! I don't think I've ever seen any of these, babe!" She'd found my wanking supplies. "I didn't know we had so many gay movies." She pulled out a DVD and read the title.

"Hmm, how about this one, 'A Matter Of Size'? Is it any good?"

Was it any good? Was she kidding? It was a DVD of a 20 year old VHS from the days when I owned a small video store. There was nothing like going to visit our adult video supplier. After going through the front office, which looked very business-like, I would go into the showroom where the covers were displayed. The amount of pink was blinding. Pussy, pussy, and more pussy! There was an anal section, a black section, and a fetish section. You name it and it was there. In the back was a section of gay movies. When I first saw the gay movies, I didn't find them titillating at all. I had little interest in m/m sex, but I knew that some of my more prurient customers would appreciate a wide variety from which to choose. One of the movies I bought for the video store was called "A Matter Of Size." 

The more I rented the gay movies to basic suburban types who were pretty much like me, the more I was intrigued about what was in the movies. I finally took home "A Matter Of Size." My wife and I were into what we thought was some pretty kinky sex at the time like tying each other up, making our own porn. We had a lot of fun but I didn't think she was ready for gay porn. She went to work about a bunch of very hunky guys with huge dicks sucking and fucking each other and pre-condom, too. Everybody was bareback. What a great movie. I spilled a lot of my seed to that movie over the years.

"Yeah, that's a pretty good movie, although I haven't seen it in years," I said to her with a matter-of-fact tone. "The gay movies are all left over from our old video store. There's probably a lot of dust on them." I could have said that it was an awesome fucking movie and I wish that I could have been in it, but I didn't. "Put that one on."

She put the movie in the DVD player. "You watch. I have to get a couple of things." Most of the light in the room was now coming from our 42" plasma TV. God, there's nothing like watching porn on a big screen. The first segment was about to guys out playing catch with a football. One guy tried to run by the other but was taken down. Before you know it, the two are French-kissing each other. The next thing you know they're back in the house with one guy on the couch, his giant cock sticking up in the air and the other guy in his knees sucking on his throbbing meat. 

My wife came back to the bed. In one hand was our pink jelly vibrator in the shape of a beautiful 7" cock. In the other hand was a bottle of warming lubricant. She put both down on the nightstand and lay down beside me. She leaned over and gave me a kiss on my neck right behind my ear. I felt her wet lips and her hot breath on my neck. She put her right arm around my neck and began playing with my right nipple. With her other hand she pinched my left nipple. All the while, I was watching one of the hunks sticking his bare cock in another's other's asshole. My own cock was bobbing up and down of its own accord. I couldn't take my eyes off the screen. Eight inches of thick man meat was going into a tight slick welcoming asshole.

While my wife was playing with my nipples she was licking and breathing heavily in my ear. I was moaning softly, never taking my eyes of the man-to-man action on the screen. Our bedroom was bathed in candlelight and the flickering from the TV. The aroma of vanilla from the candles hung heavily. I reached down and put my hand on my wife's shaved pubis. Her skin was baby soft. I reached a little lower only to find her distended labia and her swollen clit hanging out between her legs. I stuck a finger in her cunt only to find a treasure trove of pussy juice. I got a dollop on my finger and sucked it off. She was delectable.

"I wouldn't mind some of that," she whispered in my ear. I reached down and stuck two fingers between her meaty lips and dipped deep into her cunt pulling out what looked like a tablespoon of her love cream. I brought it up to her lips and she sucked my fingers in, swallowing her own juices.

"Mmmmm, delicious, don't you think?" She said it in a way that didn't expect an answer. I knew her pussy was scrumptious. I've been eating it for years.

On the screen was a guy with a cock so deep in his throat you would have thought it was going to come out his asshole but it couldn't because there was a pole already sticking up his ass. My wife got up on her knees between my legs pushing them as far apart as she could. She took the bottle of lubricant, unscrewed the cap and put some on her index finger. My legs were spread far enough apart to give her access to my asshole. With her slick finger, she began massaging my asshole. She kept putting more and more lube on my hole. With each circular motion around my anus she pressed against the opening. I was offering no resistance at all. Her fingertip went in about an inch. She was probing me in such a gentle and loving way. Her other hand was wrapped around the base of my very stiff cock.

She pulled her finger out and let go of my cock. Pushing my legs even further apart, I watched her head go down below my balls. And then I felt something that was totally unexpected. My wife was blowing on my asshole, which started to bring heat to the lube. Within seconds, my asshole felt like it was burning hot. She took the lubricant and let a little bit drip on each of my nipples. She gently blew on them to get the warming effect of the lube going. Then she took the dildo and coated it with the lubricant. She went back down between my legs and pushed them apart. 

"Ready or not, here I come1" she said to me with an almost sinister grin.

I raised my hips off the bed to give her better access to my asshole. First, she rested the tip of the vibrator right on my rosebud with only the slightest pressure. Then she pushed against my entrance. I was anxiously waiting for what came next. She pushed the slick sex toy into my ass with a steady but very slow motion. I felt my outer ring accept the intrusion. She kept pushing it in until my inner sphincter was breached. With a very steady hand, she pushed the vibrator in until it couldn't go any more. I had a cock in my ass just like the guy I was watching on the screen. With her other hand she toyed with my nipples.

"How does that feel, hon?"

It was fucking awesome. All I could do was moan. She pulled the vibrator out until only the head was in my ass and then, with the same steady motion as before, she pushed it back in but she didn't stop. She pulled it out again but a little more quickly than before. She pushed it back in with the same faster motion. Now I was getting fucked in the ass. Back and forth, in and out, I could feel the vibrator inside my ass. There was more than enough lube on it so I wasn't being dry-fucked but there was still some exquisite friction. It would have been better if it was real flesh rubbing against the million nerve endings in my ass.

My wife positioned herself so she could continue fucking my ass and suck my cock at the same time. Her free hand was slick from the lube so she stroked my cock and made it all shiny. And then my cock disappeared into her mouth. I was getting ass-fucked and cocksucked at the same time. She took all of my cock in until her lips were at the base. She turned on the vibrator and sucked my cock for dear life. It was only seconds after turning on the vibrator that I blew my load in her mouth. I came like never before. There's nothing like an orgasm with something in your ass. Every muscle in your rectum pulses. The orgasm is mind-blowing. After I came she turned the vibrator off and let go of it, letting it rest inside my ass. I felt it gently fall out of my ass.

She came up to my face and pushed her lips against mine. I opened her mouth to accept her tongue and she dropped my load of cum right into my mouth. We swished my cum back in forth for a few seconds and I swallowed whatever was in my mouth. She licked her lips and smiled.

"I hope I've shown you that you can get everything you want right here at home. You can get your ass fucked and a mouthful of cum," she said with a look of satisfaction on her face. "But if there's going to be a man in your life, then I want to be part of it."

She was right. It was everything I wanted, except for the firm hard cock that I wanted it from. I give my wife a lot of credit. She could have thrown a temper tantrum over my interest in gay sex. You know, like "don't I make you happy?" It could have gone a whole different way but her attitude seemed to be if you can't beat 'em, than join 'em. For me it's working towards the best of both worlds because I still love pussy and I still want to suck cock.