 Three sharp raps came at the door of my hotel room. I had taken off my shoes, but other than that was still dressed, so I went to answer it. A man in a crisp white shirt and blazer stood there. He was greying at the temples and built like a former linebacker that still kept in shape. He was my height but must have outweighed me by nearly a hundred pounds.

"Mr. Jefferson?"

"Yes?"

"May I come in? It's hotel business."

I wasn't sure what that meant, but his icy blue eyes were a little intimidating, "Umm, sure."

He stepped into the room while I closed the door.

A little uncertainly, I asked, "What can I help you with?"

He pulled a 4x6 photograph from the inside pocket of his blazer and handed it to me.

I felt faint. It was a picture of me, from last night, laying on my side with my finger in my ass and look of pleasure on my face. My cheeks felt hot as I glanced at him. 

His smile was nothing less than predatory, "I certainly wouldn't want any of the video of that to reach your loved ones. Would you.?"

For a moment I was furious, "Fuck you! I'm not giving you a thing. Go ahead and do what you have to do. I'll sue you for breach of privacy."

He didn't even flinch, "And the recording will become public record."

He started for the door, "Very well Mr. Jefferson. Let's see how this plays out shall we?"

I thought of the look on my families' faces, my co-workers faces, and I knew he had me. I choked out, "Wait."

He paused.

"How much do you want?"

He turned back around, again with that savage grin, "Oh, I don't want money. I own the hotel. I want something else."

I suddenly felt even more nervous, "What?"

He strode up to stand face to face with me. It turned out he was even taller than me. I'm not a small man, but I looked like a willow next to him.

He looked down at me and said, "I want you. One look at that sexy ass and I had to have it. And I will. Or else..."

I turned away, "You've got to be kidding."

"I'm not."

I was a virgin. I sometimes watched gay porn, especially when on the road, and played with myself, but I'd never even touched another man's cock. What was I going to do?

He started for the door again.

I whispered, "Wait."

Again the pause before the door, "Yes."

"I'll...I'll do as you ask."

"Whatever I want?"

My face felt flushed. I knew what I might be agreeing to, but what could I do?

"Yes."

"Strip."

The command came so quickly and without emphasis I thought I'd misheard him. As he turned and crossed his arms, he said it louder, "Strip bitch."

I felt a little sick to my stomach as I unbuttoned my shirt and dropped it to the floor. If I didn't know what being looked at like an object was like before, I did now. It made me angry, and scared, and surprisingly, I felt my cock harden a little. He was going to think I was getting off on this. He also didn't look in the mood to wait. I dropped my pants to the floor, then my underwear. I stood naked in front of a man who planned to do things to me that I could only guess.

He smiled, "Give us a spin."

Humiliated, I turned away from him and he suddenly stepped up close behind me. Thick fingers squeezed my buttocks and roamed across my hips before sliding up my abs to pinch my nipples. In my ear he rumbled, "You're going to love this, little faggot."

"I'm not a faggot you bastard!"

He laughed, whirled me around by the shoulders and pushed me unceremoniously to my knees. I couldn't even begin to stop him.

"Take out my cock you little bitch."

I stared up at his eyes, so cold even when he smiled, "Please no."

He slapped me once across the face, not very hard but very suddenly, "I'm not going to ask you again."

My gaze drifted down his thick chest to the crotch of his slacks. The bulge down the right pant leg was huge. He chuckled when my eyes widened, "You'll get used to it. Touch it."

I reached out tentatively and stroked down the length of it. It twitched under my fingers as he groaned. I stroked back up it toward the base, stopped and squeezed. The girth of his cock filled my hand. There was no way it was going to fit in me anywhere.

"Enough playing."

My cheeks felt flushed as I unbuckled his belt and slowly lowered his zipper. He lowered his pants a little and pulled that monster out. It dangled in front of my face, not all the way erect and already frightening. Thick veins circled the shaft and the head looked like it was the size of a small apple. His masculine scent wasn't unpleasant, just different. 

"Lick it."

There I was, in my own hotel room, on my knees in front of this huge man, his thick cock inches from my mouth. I couldn't see out any way out of it, so I licked it. I licked the underside from the base to the head, then back down.

He groaned, "That's it bitch. That's good. Now suck my cock."

I opened my mouth wide and took the head in my mouth. He barely paused for a moment before pushing a couple of more inches between my lips. I couldn't believe it myself, and I certainly hoped he hadn't seen, but my traitorous cock was starting to harden. I pulled back a bit, then pushed back down his length, my lips sliding over the soft skin. 

"Look up."

I glanced up at him, my mouth open wide to accommodate the girth of him. 

He smiled, "You look good sucking a cock. Very natural."

I started to pull back to say something, but he grabbed my head, his thick fingers winding into my hair and forced another inch, then two, into my mouth. He pushed until I started to gag, backed off just a bit, then pushed forward again. I tried to breathe through my nose when he told me too, and it helped, but that only earned me more cock, until the head of it was against the back of my throat.

An embarrassing amount of drool ran down my chin and onto my bare chest as he pulled nearly all the way out, then slowly pushed it back in again. Almost against my will, my tongue caressed the underside of his shaft as he raped my mouth in earnest.

His grip in my hair was becoming increasingly painful as he fucked my face, used me like a sex toy. I felt strange, humiliation warring with excitement.

His groans grew louder, "Oh yes you little slut. Suck that cock. Make me cum."

He suddenly let go of my hair and it became obvious that I was bobbing my head, sucking on his thick cock on my own. I glanced up at him and he smiled triumphantly, "I told you you were a little faggot."

He grunted, grabbed my hair in his left hand and pulled me off of his cock. Spurt after spurt of semen landed on my face before he shoved it back in my mouth, the final spurts hitting the back of my throat. Without any other option, I swallowed.

He pulled his cock out of my mouth and tucked it back into his pants. I looked up at him, afraid that he wanted more, a relatively normal guy fifteen minutes ago, now naked, kneeling in front of a man whose name I didn't even know, his semen dripping down my face.

He said, "If you aren't back in your room tomorrow night, you know what will happen," turned and headed for the door. 

"Your cock certainly is hard for someone who doesn't like to suck cock, don't you think?. Be here tomorrow night."

I was fairly sure that I didn't want to know what he had in store.