 I was still thinking about that trucker I met at the sex shop. His fat cock had fit nicely in my tight little ass and I couldn't help but stroke my cock thinking about that nice load of cum he put inside of me. Little did I know it would be the first of many nice loads in my ass.

He gave me his phone number before he left and told me to call him in a couple of weeks because he would be coming back into town. In the meantime he gave me the number to a guy that was local that might be able to help my thirst for cum. His name was John 

I called John and we talked for a few minutes when he got right to the point. He asked me if I wanted to have fun and if I wanted to be the "center of attention?" I asked what he meant by that. He told me to come on down and he'd show me. We set up a time for later in the evening to meet at his place. I was scared and excited all at once. My cock was hard as a rock. I wanted so bad to jack off but I held off. I wanted that feeling to last.

I showered, put on my jeans and got in the car to make the trip over to John's. I got to his house and was startled at how nice it was. John greeted me at the door and invited me in. He was as tall as me but much bigger. He was an older man probably in his late 40's but attractive. He invited me down to his basement where he offered me a beer and we sat and talked.

He didn't waste any time getting started though. He asked me again if I was prepared to have fun and I nervously said yes. He told me to strip and let him see what I had to offer. I quickly, but cautiously, undressed until I was completely naked. He summoned me to turn toward him. My cock was getting very hard and he noticed this. He grabbed my cock and started to stroke it. I almost came right then and there but he stopped and turned me around. 

He told me to bend over and spread my feet. He grabbed each of my ass cheeks and spread them apart. He then started to rub my hole. I was on cloud nine and loving every minute of it. As quickly as he started he stopped. He made me turn around and kneel in front of him. He was sitting in a lounge chair and he had taken his pants off without me noticing.

His cock was soft but it was huge. The first thought that went through my mind was man how am I going to get that in my mouth. He told me to show him how much fun I wanted to have. That was all I needed, I grabbed his cock and put it in my mouth. I started sucking his cock like there was no tomorrow. He cock was completely hard now and about 9 inches. 

I could get about 6 inches in before choking. He grabbed my hair and started to fuck my mouth. I relaxed my throat and let it happen. While fucking my mouth I was so lost in what was going on I was startled when I felt a hand on my ass. John kept me in place so I couldn't even look to see who was invading my ass.

I felt a cool liquid being spread around my hole and I knew what was coming next. The guy behind me( I'll call Bobby) started to push a finger into my ass. Oh it felt so good. I concentrated on the feelings coming from my ass while John raped my mouth. At that time John started to moan and I knew he was about to fill my belly but to my surprise he pulled out and jerked about 7 long squirts of cum all over my face. He collapsed back into his chair. This was the first chance I got to look at Bobby fingering my ass. He was a shorter guy but I could see the hard cock bobbing behind me. He smiled at me and continued loosening me up. At that time I noticed that there was another guy (Jack) stripping down and in the corner there was a fourth guy (Mike) with a camera filming me and he was stroking his cock.

I was in heat. I didn't care who was there I was ready to get fucked. I didn't have to wait long as Bobby pushed my legs apart and pulled my ass up in the air. I felt his cock rubbing up and down on my hole. He slowly pushed the head inside and I heard a light moan escape him. At that moment Jack lifted my head and introduced me to his cock.

It was smaller than the first two but just as thick. I took it in my mouth and started to work it. At that same moment the cock in my ass was buried balls deep inside of me. It took my breath away because it hurt so badly. He sat for a second and I continued sucking the cock in front of me. I then felt someone grab my cock and start to stroke it. It was John. Bobby started to pump slowly in and out of my ass and the feeling was unbelievable. 

I came immediately. I pumped a huge load into John's hand. He quickly brought it to my lips and made me clean his hand. I hungrily accepted. I went back to work on Jack's cock. The pace of Bobby behind me quickened and I knew it would be too long before my ass once again was full of cum. 

The job I was doing on Jack must have been good because he was moaning very loud. He pulled his cock put of my mouth with a loud pop. He was smacking it against my face and berating me. He told me what a good little cocksucker I was and how bad he wanted to fuck my cute little ass. 

Bobby grunted and pumped a huge load up my ass that immediately hardened my cock. His cock was quickly replaced with Jack's cock. He picked up where the last ended. I came again without anyone even touching my cock. It moved up from my toes through my body. I almost passed out.

John held me in place and introduced me to his cock again. He was limp but I quickly got him hard. Jack moaned and blew his load in my ass. I was completely full of come and loving it. I was a slut in heat and wanted more. John grabbed me and threw me on my back. I was completely ready for his hard cock. He spread my legs and stuck his cock inside of me. I almost passed out again. He was huge! It was like a baseball bat impaling me. 

He took it slow though. That gave the cameraman time for a close-up of my cum-filled ass and the cum dripping from my face. I didn't care. I was a hot little gay slut wanting more. John took it slow until his cock was buried to the hilt. He started pumping in and out. The pleasure was unreal! Suddenly I felt a mouth on my cock. I looked to see Bobby sucking me hard. I didn't know how much more I could take, I was exhausted. 

I was in heaven as John started long stroking me. His cock and the mouth on my cock made me cum once again. I was shaking. This put John over the edge. I could feel his cock expand as a huge load of cum shot deep inside my ass. He collapsed on top of me. Quivering, I passed out. 

I awoke to John stroking my cock. I realized the others had left. Once again I was alone with him. This time he just showed me the shower. After I got dressed I headed upstairs. Of course like any good little slut, I thanked him for the great time. Feeling bold, I asked when I could come back. He said "A sexy little queer like you can come back anytime." Smiling I left. This would be the first of many experiences with John. Stay tuned for more....................