 Dean smiled as he dropped Blaine into the back seat of his rusted brown truck, there was a hole the size of his head in the rear door and as he slammed it closed more metal fell off onto the floor. His cock ached as he thought of all the things him and Blaine were going to do before the week was finished. That's even if he wakes up, a small voice in the back of his head chided. He may have used a little too much of the drug, but he didn't want risk his little bundle waking up and ruining all of his plans. The dealer said to use one pill but he'd used two just to make sure that his precious Blaine didn't wake. 

Dean pulled into an empty warehouse and slipped out of the car silently, before opening the back door and picking his precious bundle up in his arms and making his way towards the old rotting wooden doors. Together forever, he thought to himself with a menacing smile.

*****

"Three fucking days! He's been gone three fucking days!" Chad screamed in frustration as he paced back and forth along the plush rug in the living room, his hands tugging at his hair. Blaine had been missing three days four hours and nineteen minutes to be exact. Every second felt like a lifetime on his heart.

"We'll find him, Chad," Thomas said in calm voice but underneath he knew it was his fault, if he had been watching Blaine then this wouldn't have happened. If he hadn't been making out with some twink in the back room then Blaine would still be here tonight. Thomas should have started an investigation when Blaine told him that he thought he was being watched, but he was too caught up with his dick to bother about Blaine's safety.

"We all know who has him! That sick psycho you call your brother!" Chad pointed at Nick and grabbed him by the collar, his fist hovering mid-air. "I swear to God if he hurts him..." 

Nick gently pried Chad's hands from his shirt and pushed him onto the sofa, shaking his head in sympathy; Becky had arrived over thirty minutes earlier then left as Thomas had explained that he'd found metal off a car in the parking lot behind the strip club. If he knew his brother at all he would know where he was keeping Blaine captive, Dean was never like this when they were boys, and Nick had never got inkling that Dean was a cruel sadistic bastard like when he was with Blaine.

Turning back to Chad he saw the boy had his face buried in his hands and sobs were raking his body, Nick sat next to him and wrapped his arm around Chad's shoulder is a small form of comfort. 

"We'll find him, Chad. Even if it is the last thing on earth we do," 

**** Blaine's eyes wouldn't open, he tried again to open them but they wouldn't budge, so instead he left them closed and he drifted back in unconsciousness, knowing it could mean life or death if he did. It felt like it was the hundredth time he had tried to swim to the surface but as soon as he got to the top he was dragged down by something again. It could have been hours or minutes he was unconscious when he awoke to a clattering behind him, this time his eyes opened enough for him to see out of them, craning his neck back he looked above him to see his hand tied with rope to a metal hook that dangled from the rafters, his bare tiptoes barely reached the floor, bound at the ankles. That couldn't be good. His brains struggled to catch up with the events of what happened.

Trying his hardest he opened his eyes almost fully and glanced down, sighing in relief as he found his pants still intact and on his body, Blaine pulled at the chain and whimpered in frustration as the metal clanged loudly but didn't loosen, he heard a rustling behind him again and closed his eyes, feigning sleep hoping to avoid any contact from his captor. He let his body dangle even as the rope burned marks on his wrists and pain sliced through his arms. Hearing heavy footfalls in front of him he bit the inside of his cheek to stop his eyes from craning open to get a peak at the man he knew stood before him. Curious as to see if he looked any different from the last time they had had an untimely meeting. 

"Wake up, fag," Dean's smoke roughed voice clattered through his mind at the same time a resounding smack stung his right cheek, the sound echoing loudly, whimpering again he opened his eyes coming face to face with the man of his nightmares. Although he looked the same as last time, Dean was a lot more skinnier and ill looking, with dark circles under his eyes and a pale complexion and he looked even more dangerous judging by the sharp knife that dangled between his fingertips. 

"Finally, it has been three fucking days. I was getting bored," Dean fingered the lethal looking blade between his fingers as he advanced on him. "I think I used a little too much of that drug. The other boys I overdosed on too,"

"Please..." Blaine whispered and shuffled back on the wooden board, splinters entering his toes causing his to bite his lip rather than moan in pain. 

"You'll be mine forever, Blaine. First I'll make love to you and then we shall make the ultimate sacrifice and be together forever, my love," Dean's hand stroked down his face and it was everything he could to not shudder at the feel of Dean's skin against his own.

"You're insane," Blaine screamed as he thrashed on the rope, causing the metal to clang and Dean smack him across the face again. 

"No, I'm in love." Dean poised the knife at Blaine's forearm and smiled almost tenderly as he brought the blade down, Blaine screamed as pain shot through his left arm, think of Chad, he said over and over in his head as he endured torture again from Dean. 

**** "Where did he take him last time?" Thomas asked Chad as he paced up and down the area in front of the sofa.

"Err...he said some abandoned warehouse up in Amsterdam," Chad whispered as he ran his hand through his hair for at least the fiftieth time that day, his fingers got caught on a knot and he tugged them through wincing slightly. 

"Did he say if it was near anything? Anything particular he remembered?" Thomas looked up at him, Chad's eyes were red and puffy, his hair sticking up in every direction and he looked bad, everyone had wisely kept their mouths shut about telling him to get some sleep. He knew he wouldn't be able to sleep if it was Michael in Blaine's place. Tina and Jack kept pottering around them all handing them coffee and sandwiches. 

"Why the hell are we sitting here and not out looking for him?" Chad growled his hands clenching the table cloth in a death grip, the lacy fabric tearing as his fingernails pierced the delicate lace. 

"If we don't figure out where he is we will waste more time looking everywhere than a certain place." Thomas said reasonably. "Now answer the question,"

"He heard water and he also said that it smelt really fishy. There was also a bed in there. Also Dean kept screaming at him to keep quiet or the neighbours would hear," Chad smiled slightly as Blaine explained it to him, they had just finished a marathon session of love making and Chad had almost been asleep when Blaine had whispered those words.

"Could have been fishing docks?" Thomas put his fingers to the bridge of his nose and mumbled words that Chad couldn't hear, almost ten minutes of pacing in that same position his head finally popped up and he frowned grimly. 

"I'm guessing he'll replay the kidnapping. The only place I can think that is remotely even a slight place is the old fish warehouse, where they used to keep the towns fish supply. It has been abandoned for over three years now. They've just started knocking down warehouses to build actual houses. That one hasn't been knocked down yet," Thomas said as he grabbed his phone and dialled Becky. 

"What did she say?" Chad said as he leant forward his stomach jumping with nervousness. "Is he there?"

"There was a phone call anonymously saying they'd heard screams from the warehouse," Thomas said grimly. 

"And?"

"We need backup if we're going in, you don't know what sort of weapons Dean has. ETA is under ten minutes," Thomas never looked up as he dialled numbers in his phone.

"Fuck backup. I need to get him back, Thomas," Chad slammed his fist onto the table causing a glass to tip and topple onto the floor next to him, smashing into little pieces.

"Do you him to get shot in the head? Or his throat slit?" Thomas yelled at him, watching as Chad paled and swallowed. 

"How long will it take?" Chad sat back down into the chair and watched as his Mom picked the glass pieces up.

"Fifteen minutes tops. Don't worry about him, he'll be fine. I swear," Truth be told Thomas couldn't tell what state Blaine was going to be in, he just hoped for everyone's sake that Blaine would be okay. 

*****

Blaine screamed in agony as the knife danced through his pubic hair. Chad is going to find me, Blaine kept saying to himself over and over again, he pictured Chad's beautiful face in his mind, his sculpted body, his sincere eyes and...Blaine screamed again as Dean dragged the knife gently down his thigh causing blood to pull to the surface but not break through, which was agony in itself. 

"Why are you doing this?" Blaine sniffled as tears seeped lazily from his painful eyes. Everywhere seemed to painful to him. Even his scalp prickled with pain. 

"You know why," Dean said as he threw the knife behind him and grabbed a blindfold from the table behind Blaine, Blaine struggled frantically as the blindfold was placed over his eyes, and he had now lost any sense of calm now his eyesight had been masked. 

"I don't...I don't know why!" Blaine whispered as Dean poked the hickey on the side of his neck that Chad had left the previous night, before they fell asleep, whispering those calming words in his ear, "I'll love you forever Blaine,", I just hope you love me when this is all over, Blaine thought to himself. 

"You made me gay! You made me kill all those boys!" Dean screamed as he slapped Blaine across the cheek. Blaine was beginning to think that Dean had bipolar or a multiple personality disorder. Dean was all loving one moment and it was like a light had switched as he started screaming and yelling at him.

"I can't make you gay, you're born gay," Blaine heard a rustling then something clamped onto his nipple sending an electric shock through it, causing Blaine to bit his lip until a coppery metallic taste filled his mouth; he wasn't going to let Dean hear his scream ever again. The electricity made his body spasm involuntarily. The chains rattled louder and Dean cursed before ripping the clamp off. Blaine could feel blood seep down his chest as he sagged.

"I was not born gay; being gay is forced upon you. Now I am going to hell because of you, and you're going to come with me, we can be lovers in the burning pits of hell," 

Blaine had the urge to shake his head, Dean sounded like a fucked up horror movie. 

"Think about it...Nick is gay...you're gay..." Blaine coughed out as he tried to weakly pull his body higher.

Dean landed a punch in Blaine's ribs causing one to snap under the pressure it had received, Blaine grunted but didn't make any other sound, struggling as Dean ran his knuckle down his cheek. "I love you, Blaine. I've always loved you," 

"You don't do this to someone you love. You hold them and care for them. Like Chad does."

"That fucker Chad stole you away from me! You were supposed to be mine! I'll let Chad suffer when you and I are together forever. You deserve this for running away from me,"

"You're going to hell because of this and the boys you killed," Blaine knew it was like throwing gasoline on a fire but he couldn't hold the rage in he felt boiling through his veins. "I'll dance on your grave when you die," 

"We're going to die together, babe," 

"I wish you were dead! You're a sick sadistic bastard and I wish you were dead!"

"Life isn't as easy as you think," Dean growled in his ear before he felt his jeans being pulled down further to his thighs his boxers going with them. "Life is hard, death, death is easy," 

"Life is always hard, but if you have someone to love you it makes it easier, you sadistic bastard," Blaine favoured his right leg and scowled at Dean. 

"I'm going to give you what you want now!" 

Blaine whimpered as he heard the metal teeth of a zipper and a dry finger entered his ass, Blaine screamed in agony, despite his earlier promise to himself, as the rough digit penetrated his private entrance.

"You're Father agreed with me; he said being gay was a choice. He hired me to have you die in an accident. I never thought I would fall in love with you." Dean whispered in his ear as the butt of the gun slammed into his temple, making him sink into the black depths of unconsciousness once again. I love you, Chad. 

****** "3...2...1..." Thomas whispered as they stood at the entrance of the old fish warehouse his gun clutched in his left fist, slamming into the warehouse Thomas held his gun in front of him and yelled at Dean, "Drop your weapons and put your hands behind your..." Thomas trailed of mid sentence as he saw what Dean had intended on doing to innocent Blaine, his stomach heaved and he held his hand over his mouth as bile filled his mouth. 

"Nice of you to find us in time for the big finale." Dean growled and lifted his right hand a gun clenched in his fist; he raised his arm and aimed for Chad's head. His hand wavered as he tried to aim straight. "You should be dead. I'm going to let you live though. Let you suffer losing the one you love. But I want you to watch this first," 

Dean grinned evilly and thrust his hips a tiny bit. Thomas scowled at him as Blaine stayed unconscious as his pale slim body hung uncomfortably by the rafters. He lifted his gun aiming for between the eyes.

"You bastard!" Chad screamed and pushed passed Thomas, trying as hard as he could to avoid the flying bullets around him, luckily the heavens were looking down on his as he grabbed the knife from the table and slammed it into Dean's thigh, hearing a blood curling scream he shuddered and looked down at his bloody hand. He'd just stabbed a man. He deserved it and everything else he got in prison. 

His heart pounded as adrenaline soured though his body, he wiped his bloody, sweaty palms on his trousers and looked up at love hanging from the rafters.

Blaine came awake at a loud bang then felt an almighty pain shot through his left thigh, he couldn't hold his scream of pain as the bullet penetrated his leg and disappeared through the back of it before Blaine knew it. Blaine screamed again his lungs burning, he'd shot him. He looked up and saw Dean smiling widely, Dean had actually shot him. Dean's face disappeared under Thomas' large body as he was slammed to the ground.

Chad untied Blaine from the metal hook and rested him gently on the wooden floor, ignoring the battle behind him, and rested Blaine's head in his lap, stroking his hands through blood-soaked hair. Looking down at Blaine, Chad couldn't hold the scream or tears in; Blaine's forearm had a gash in, as did his biceps and two in his pubic bush. They weren't scar worthy but they must have hurt. His poor love.

"Come on baby, don't go to sleep on me." Chad whispered as he felt around Blaine's throat for a pulse, he sighed in relief as he felt a steady but lazy pulse beating at his finger tips. Chad heard a groan and looked down as Blaine opened his eyes, then clenching them shut whimpering in pain. "Keep your eyes open, baby," 

"C...Chad?" Blaine whispered his voice hoarse from the lack of water he had been given over the last three days, his bones aching and his ass burning like the pits of hell were licking him. 

"I'm here. I'm never leaving you. We're going to get married and then we're going to start a family," Chad asked as he brushed Blaine's hair away from his bloody face, staring into the battered and bruised face of his fiancé.

"L...Love you..." Blaine's eyes fluttered closed and Chad urged him to open them again, Blaine did painfully, tears seeping lazily from them. 

"I'll love you for the rest of my life, cookie. We'll get married as soon as you're better,"

"Sounds...good." Blaine's breathing was getting laboured and he was wheezing, even as a tiny smile pulled at his painful face, reaching up with tremendous effort he rested his hand against Chad's cheek, sighing as Chad turned and placed as kiss to his palm. 

"That's it, cookie. The ambulance is on its way I can hear the sirens." Chad kissed Blaine's lips and placed another kiss on a relatively clean piece of flesh. "You're going to be okay. Everything is going to be okay." Chad sobbed as tears streamed down his face, rocking Blaine back and forth in his arms. "You can't leave me yet, I've only just found you," 

"L...love you, Chaddie. Need to sleep." Blaine whispered before his eyes shut, taking him from his pain and distraught face of his lover.

**** "When is he going to wake up?" Chad whispered as he looked through the HDU ward at his lover lying sick in the hospital bed. The police had been to interview him and had deemed his stabbing Dean as self-defence. He wasn't going to argue the case.

"Give him time, he's been through a lot of tragedy, his body needs time to process it." Mum said as she wrapped her arms around her little boy. "He's going to fine, sweetie," 

"I love him so much, Mom, he can't die on me," Chad sobbed as he turned and wept into his Mother's chest. 

"He's not going to die." Dad wrapped his arms around Chad too as he cried, even as he looked over at Tina with concern written all over his face, what if Blaine didn't make it? How would their son survive without the one he loved?

**** Blaine woke up the insistent beep and sickly smell of the hospital, his eyes opened slowly, his head feeling like it was about to explode into a million tiny pieces, his body aching all over. 

"Blaine?" Chad whispered next to him, his hand tightening around Blaine's.

"Water," Blaine choked out and moaned as a straw was placed against his lips. He sipped at the cool liquid and sighed in relief as the burning subsided in his throat. He held his breath as Chad reached over and gave him a hug; all Blaine could do was lie there. 

"How long have I been here?" he asked and looked over at Chad, he looked like hell, there were bags under his eyes, he was pale, and he stunk really badly. 

"Three weeks." Chad whispered his eyes filling with tears. "They thought you wouldn't make it. There was so much blood loss, he broke your rib and it punctured your lung. We were lucky you didn't die Blaine, and they had to operate on your femur, Dean shot it the sick bastard, it shattered. You were in a coma for the rest of the time. I've never left you." 

"I can...tell," Blaine swallowed and shifted uncomfortably on the bed, trying desperately to bunch the covers around his groin. This couldn't be happening. Not in the middle of the hospital. Not now. His face flamed as Chad arched his brow at him before sliding closer to the bed.

"Blaine?" Chad asked cautiously, reaching out to rest a hand on his forearm. 

"This is not happening," Blaine moaned, scowling as the door swung open and a doctor, a nurse, Thomas, Tina and Jack all poured into the room. He turned and frowned as Chad's blanched face met his. 

Blaine gritted his teeth as the doctor poked and prodded him, made him cough and checked his temperature. All the time he was dying to get preferably Chad's mouth around his dick but he would survive with his own hand if he had to.

"Make them leave," Blaine growled at Chad as he pointedly looked at the tent in the sheets, there was no way anyone in the room couldn't have noticed. Chad frowned and dragged his hand through his hair, shaking his head slightly. Blaine moaned as he watched Chad suck on the plump bit of flesh that was his lip, wishing he was doing that somewhere south on him.
