 It had happened many times before; texting each other looking to hook up. We were the ultimate friends with benefits. Whenever he was feeling horny or whenever I was desperately craving cock we would simply send each other a text. Usually all that was sent was "Hey." Once one of us got that text we knew what to do next; name the place. This particular night he initiated. 

"Hey, you up for a good fucking tonight?" 

"Absolutely. I'll be over in a half hour."

I quickly left my comfy bed to go get ready. Being a bottom I should expect to be having sex at any minute so I take good care of my body. I brushed my teeth, put on some sexy underwear, fixed my hair, and left. The whole car ride over I kept thinking about his beautiful cock filling my hole. Before long my own cock was hard. 

When I arrived at his apartment I could tell something was different. We usually talked for a while, had a few drinks, and then got to the fucking. This time we barely said a word before he was ushering me into the bedroom. 

"What, no hello?" I asked him. 

"Not tonight. It's been a long day and I just want to fuck," he replied. 

It had been several days since I had even jerked off so I didn't question him. All I knew was that this was going to be a fun night. 

Before long he was completely naked and helping me pull my clothes off. Once we were both naked he threw me onto the bed and we started to make out. He ran his hands all over my lean, smooth body as he jabbed his tongue down my throat. His hands covered every square inch of me but settled on my nipples. They were stiff which made them easy to grab. He started pinching my nipples with one hand and rubbing my rock hard cock with the other. His tongue left my mouth to follow his hands. He licked me from my neck to my cock, circling my nipples and then continuing to my balls. This was enough to make me cum. I think he could tell because he quickly stopped and flipped me around. 

This put me in the perfect position to deep throat his massive pole. He loved that, and so did I. I was born to be a passive sex slave that would take anything. 

"Open wide," he ordered and I quickly obeyed. 

All at once he shoved his 8 inch cock down my throat, almost making me throw up. After the initial shock I started to work my magic. Cock sucking was one thing that I did perfectly, and I was proud. He slid his dick all the way down my throat and I didn't even flinch. I was just starting to get into it when he decided he had had enough. He turned around and sat on my face. My tongue quickly found his hole and I began to rim him. All of a sudden he stood up and gave me another order. 

"Get on all fours and open wide for me you little slut."

Now we were talking, and I was happy to obey. I got on all fours and pulled apart my ass cheeks for him to see my tight, waiting hole. 

"Your hole is going to be raw by the time I am done with you," he threatened. 

My cock twitched a little when he said that. He held my ass cheeks apart and began to devour my hole. You would have thought he hadn't eaten for days based on the way he was eating my ass. It felt like heaven and I could feel the cum in my balls churning. I started massaging my shaft and he took that as a sign it was time to get serious. 

He stuck his thick, long finger in my hole to start stretching me. Then he added another, and another. Once he had three fingers in he began to finger fuck me hard. I began to moan, which I knew turned him on instantly. 

"Do you want this cock you little cum slut?"

"Yes sir. Please, I need it in my ass."

He pulled his fingers out and replaced them with his thick pole. He started to rub the head all along my crack, which just made me even more hungry for it. I needed to be fucked good and hard. 

"Please stick it in me. I'm desperate and I can't wait any longer."

"I'm about to give you the fucking of a lifetime."

Without a condom or even lube he jabbed his cock balls deep into my tight hole. I almost screamed. He had never done that before. He always gave me a little adjustment time. It looked like I was going to have to adjust quickly. 

The second his cock was in me he started pounding me into the mattress. He pushed my head down and pulled my hips towards him. With every thrust he pulled his cock almost all the way out and then slammed it all the way back into me. That combined with me rubbing my cock brought me to the edge. All of a sudden he did something that I wasn't expecting. He stuck a finger into my hole and began massaging my prostate. That was enough to push me over the edge. 

"I'm cumming," I moaned as I released a massive load all over his sheets. 

It was the most intense orgasm I had ever experienced. With my face still buried in the bed he told me to lick up my cum; so I did. I had tasted myself before but for some reason this time my load tasted amazing. 

After I came he turned the intensity up another notch. He stuck a second finger up my tight hole. It was almost too much for me to handle. I felt like he was splitting me in half. This nonstop fucking had been going on for 15 minutes and I was really starting to feel it. Luckily he pulled his fingers out and announced that he was about to breed me. With a few more hard thrusts a massive load exploded from deep in his balls. His seed shot far into me and coated my rectum. After he came he collapsed down onto me pinning me to the mattress. We laid there for about a minute before he reached over and grabbed a plastic cup from his nightstand. 

"Push it out for me baby so you can eat it," he ordered. 

I carefully pushed the cum out of my ass for him to collect in the cup. After it was all out he handed me the cup and told me to drink it. I licked every last drop out of the cup. 

"You're such a beautiful little cum whore aren't you?" he asked me. 

"Yes sir, and I love it."

"Good, now get out."

I couldn't believe it, but he was telling me to leave. I never left that quickly after fucking. I looked at him confused but he was already trying to fall asleep. I stood up and began to gather my clothes to leave. As I tried to walk I felt an intense amount of pain radiate from my ass. 

"Fuck," I thought, "it's going to be a rough night."

I climbed into the driver's seat of my car and the pain intensified. As I drove away feeling like the filthy whore that I am I realized that after a fucking like that I would mind dealing with a sore, raw hole for a few hours.