 Chad and I have been friends for many years. I guessed he was bisexual because I would see him with guys as well as women. I am gay and never pretended I was anything else. Throughout college we were roommates. We had planned on getting a small apartment together afterwards. But things change, and so do people. 

After law school I got a job on the other side of the country. I was working hard, but I found time to play also. I kept up my friendship with Chad. We would e mail and text each other. 

My firm opened a new office in the same city Chad was in, and they wanted me to head it. So I asked if I could move in for a bit till I got things together. As it worked out Chad had an apartment that had two master bedrooms. I put my stuff in storage and moved in. We decided to not bring people over to stay the night, we felt it would be a bit awkward. 

I am 6 feet tall and kind of lanky. I'm not skinny, just not gym built. Chad is 5' 8" and built like a fireplug, short and squat. He isn't fat, just well built. 

One day we were talking. I was saying that since I was the taller I had the advantage in a wrestling match. I used to wrestle in collage and won many times. He said he had the advantage because he was more muscular than I. We decided to put it to the test. We went into the courtyard area were there was a patch of grass. We squared off and got to wrestling or "rasselin" as Chad called it. He was fast and had me down and pinned in no time. The first time he straddled me and pinned my arms to the ground. I was pinned and I found I liked it! I tried to wiggle out but he kept me there. For a minute his face was so close to mine I thought he was going to kiss me. Not that I would have resisted. 

The next time he pinned me was just as fast. This time he lay across my chest, pinning my shoulders. The way he was positioned his cock was almost in my face. I didn't mind in the least! I thought about reaching over and grabbing it with my teeth, but I didn't. The man smells coming off him were turning me on and I could feel myself getting hard. 

I still couldn't believe how hot I was getting having him pin me. I have always liked a strong man taking charge, but this was different. I wanted him to be rough with me. 

We got up and he stood there for a minute and looked down at my hard on. He reached over and gave my cock a squeeze and said, "I think you have had enough fun for one day."

I immediately went into my shower and started jerking off. Even after I came I wasn't satisfied so I got out my dildo. I stuck it to the toilet seat and sat on it. Since it had a suction cup I could move up and down with ease. As I did I started jerking off again. When I came I shoot a load across the room! That satisfied me!

I had been thinking about how I felt being pinned by Chad for several weeks. One night I decided to see what would happen if I pushed him. I wasn't sure if he would just leave or if he would get rough. I was hoping for rough. 

I started by bumping into him and not apologizing. I stood in front of the TV and wouldn't move. I kept it up. Finally he had enough and told me I had better quit. I looked him straight in the eye and said, "what's going to happen if I don't? You going to spank me?"

I saw his face go from placid to angry in just a second. I asked myself what had I done? He jumped up and grabbed me by the hair. He said "I've had enough of your shit bitch." Then he dragged me to the back of the couch. Since I am taller than he, I had to bend to keep my hair from being ripped out. I was of two minds, I was scared, but I was also excited! I was scared about what was going to happen, but I wanted it to happen.

We got to the back of the couch and he pushed my head down so I was bent over the back. My ass was sticking up. He grabbed my shorts and pulled them down. Then I heard the swish and slap of his belt coming out of the belt loops. A second later I felt the sting of his belt across my ass. The first few smacks stung, but has he kept it up it started to burn.

After about 10 smacks he grabbed my hair and dragged me back around the couch. He forced me on my knees. I knew what was coming next and my mouth was watering. I wanted to taste his cock and cum so much I almost couldn't wait!

He dropped his pants and underwear. Then he grabbed both sides of my head and shoved his cock all the way in. I couldn't breathe! Just as I thought I couldn't stand it any longer he pulled out. I started gasping for air. He tilted my head back and said "that will teach you to keep messing with me when I tell you to stop!" Then he shoved his cock back in my mouth. He didn't go so far this time. He started face fucking me. He used my mouth like the fuck hole it was. I was loving it!

I must have been doing something right. It only took him a minute of so before I could feel him stiffen. Then he started shooting his load in my mouth. It was coming so fast I couldn't swallow it all and some dripped down my chin onto my chest.

He pulled my hair again and put me on my back on the coffee table. He looked at me and said "don't move!" As if I was going to! He walked to his bedroom and came back with some lube.

He put some lube on two fingers and then pushed my legs back so my hole was open for him to use. He stuck the two fingers in and started pumping them in and out. I was in total ecstasy, but I was still hoping for his cock. Then he pulled the fingers out and put lube on all four. I was horrified! I had never had that many fingers in my man pussy! 

Chad gave me a evil smile and said "you like it rough don't you, bitch? Well I going to give it to you the way you like it." At that he took the four fingers, put them up against my hole. Then he worked them in a little. When he had the tips in, he shoved all four in! I jumped! But there wasn't much I could do, he had put his hand on my chest and had me pinned to the coffee table. 

He started pumping the fingers in and out, he wasn't being gentle about it either! I was getting really turned on by this and my cock started getting harder than it had ever been!

He pulled the fingers out, took off his shirt and wiped them off. He looked down at my ass and said "you should see how far your asshole is stretched. It looks like you could drive a truck in there and still have room, then started laughing. I had never felt so humiliated in my life! Here I was with my legs pushed up around my shoulders, still stinging from the spanking and now my asshole was gaping.

I squeezed my ass shut as best I could. Then Chad took some lube and put it on his cock. He put the head right at the entrance to my hole and waited a second. Then without warning he slammed it in to the hilt. He started pumping hard! While he pumped he started jacking me off. He kept this up for what seemed like hours, but could only have been a few minutes. I could feel myself starting to cum. I told him and that must have pushed him to the edge also. I started cumming like I have never done! Then I felt him start shooting his load. I didn't think we were ever going to stop!

Since that night I have been his fuck toy. He tells me to bend over and I do. Of course I know I going to get a cock in my ass and a great pounding. He has even done it when we have friends over. He just tells me to get on my knees or bend over and goes for it. 

I really like when he pins me down and gets rough though.