 After Bobby Joe had fucked me up against a tree, he and Maurice went over to a picnic table then, and I just watched as Maurice rolled another condom on Bobby Joe's rising cock and they slowly aroused each other to the point where Bobby Joe laid Maurice on his back on the picnic table and held his legs up and out from his body, as he pumped away inside the guard’s ass. 

Maurice laid there on the picnic table, his arms stretched out and his eyes hooded, swimming in Bobby Joe's semen, and holding my own eyes by the intensity of his gaze, his desire palpable. His thick cock bounced around on his flat belly, maintaining its erection.

When they were done, Maurice handed Bobby Joe a third condom, and this time Bobby Joe rolled it on Maurice's thick cock. Maurice waltzed back to me and before I had a chance to even figure out what was happening, he lifted my legs off the ground and crouched under me and plunged that big, thick sausage of a cock up into me. My ass walls complained at the new challenge to their capacities, but Maurice was quicker at jacking off than Bobby Joe had been and couldn't go nearly as deep. By this time, though, I was too worn out and defeated to struggle.

Bobby Joe and Maurice dressed and I was freed and we returned to the van and the inmate crew, which had worked its way several hundred yards up the road by now. I quickly and silently dressed and just laid there on the ground as the others finished up what they were doing. 

Only Bobby Joe and Maurice could keep their eyes on me while the van jostled us back to the jail, searing pain jabbing my ass with every jolt in the road. There was no question, though, that the other inmates and guards knew what had happened to me. I still had three weeks to go on my sentence, however, so everyone, including me, knew that I was going to keep quiet about this.

The next day was a rest day, and I managed to stay in my cell and to rest my body as well as to try to avoid Bobby Joe and the rest of the inmates. The following day, I went out on work detail with an entirely different set of men, and I began to build hope that my sexual abusing had been a one-time event and that I'd manage to serve the rest of my time without incident.

But late that night, my hopes were dashed. I was sleeping in the lower bunk of my cell. That morning, the other inmate they'd had in my cell disappeared and he wasn't replaced. At the time, I'd thought that was a stroke of luck. I was skittish now about being locked up with anyone else. But, of course, luck had had nothing to do with me now being alone in my cell. Deep in the night, I was rudely awakened by two figures grabbing my wrists and spinning me around in my bed and handcuffing my hands to the middle of the inner side of the rails of the bunk above me. 

Bobby Joe and Maurice were in the cell with me, and Maurice stood beside the closed door as Bobby Joe tore off my clothes and roughly lifted my legs out and above me, with my feet wedged in the springs of the upper bunk. He lifted my hips and plunged his dick inside me and pumped me for several minutes, swinging my body back and forth on his pulsing skewer. Then he stood, and Maurice was inside me, forcing that thick cock in where Bobby Joe had just been. Bobby Joe moved in behind Maurice and fucked him while Maurice was fucking me. After they were done, Bobby Joe kissed me on the mouth and offered to protect me if I'd be his bitch for the rest of the time I was there. I refused, saying I wouldn't willingly submit to anyone. And Bobby Joe just laughed and said to let him know when I'd changed my mind, while Maurice uncuffed me and let me collapse on my bed.

Two nights after that, I woke as the door to my cell opened. A hulking blond guy loomed in the doorway for a second and then came barreling into the room, as the door clanged shut. I rose off my bed, groggily stumbling into him as he reached me. I threw a punch that went wild, while he connected with my chin with one fist, followed by a blow to my midsection. I reeled around and he got me with a upper cut to the eye. 

I dropped to the floor of the cell on my belly like a rock, and me was sitting on my back, pulling my shorts down. His arms went around my armpits and neck in a full nelson, and I screamed in pain and surprise as his engorged dick found my asshole and pushed into me. He pumped me there relentlessly, and I tried my best to relax and accommodate him. He pulled me up to my knees and got up on his feet, crouching behind me, and pushed deeper into me.

He was barebacking me, and I had the fleeting thought that I hoped he was clean, as I felt the new sensation of unsheathed cock inside me. He must have been uncut, because his skin seemed loose, and I'm ashamed to say that my ass walls were intrigued by this loose friction. He spun me around and pushed me on my back, and I tried to rise again. He backhanded me across the face and wishboned my legs and pushed in to the hilt of his dick again. His mouth and teeth went to my nipples, and I grabbed his shoulders and tried to push him off me, but he was too strong for me, and the beating he had given me had weakened me. I dug my fingernails into his shoulders and he grunted and caught me in the chin again with his fist.

I must have blacked out then, because when I woke, he was under me, the full length of my body running along his, his strong arms wrapped around my chest and his cock still buried in me from the rear. We were hit with a square of light, as the door opened, and another man entered. He was tall and thin and was pulling off his clothes as the door shut. His cock was thin, but it was unusually long, and it was pointed out from his body, hard and ready to go.

He gave me a big grin as he dropped to his knees, pushing my legs out so that his legs were between mine and those of the blond below me. He then lifted and wishboned my legs, and, as I watch in horror as he moved up toward us, his long thin cock pushing into me and along the blond's cock that was inside me. I was being double fucked. The blond underneath me came to life in pleasure, as he felt the cock sliding in alongside his, and the two of them began to play me like a calliope. The door opened again, and Bobby Joe and Maurice entered, closed it behind them, and watched as I was being double boned.

I passed out again.

The following night, one of the guards took a turn. He pulled me out of my sleep, stripped me down, and handcuffed me to the bars of the window, facing them. He pushed a gag into my mouth, which filled my mouth with a hard, rubber plug. He stripped down to where he was wearing only a studded leather harness, a studded leather cock sheath, and shiny black boots. He was completely hairless, all bullet head, muscle, and bulging cock and balls. He had a leather riding crop at the end of a billy club, and he used both ends on me, first flicking the leather whip across my shoulders, on my back and legs, and against my butt cheeks. 

And then, when those were red and slightly welted, he invaded my ass with the billy end of the club. The club was replaced with his studded cock, which caused my ass passage walls to scream with dueling pain and pleasure as they rubbed back and forth with his relentless pumping. The studs on his chest harness dragged back and forth on the welts on my back, heightening both my pain and the sensations inside me. He sank his teeth into my shoulders, neck, and back as he fucked me, and he pinched my nipples and raked my chest and belly with sharp fingernails.

When he was finished, spurting semen deep inside me in several thrusting fountains, he ripped off my gag and released my hands, and I just sank to the floor of the cell in sobs of pain as we slipped outside the door. I looked around, as he left, to see that, once again, Bobby Joe and Maurice had observed my ordeal.

For two days after that, I received no visitors. But I also was left alone in my cell, with my meals deliver in a slot at the bottom of the door.

Then on the next night, the door opened, and the biggest and fattest of the guards was standing in the opening. I shrank back into the corner of my bed. The guard moved aside and Bobby Joe entered the room. The door clanged shut behind him. He came over and sat down on the bed beside me.

We just sat there for several moments, staring at each other. And then he spoke. "There's no need for you to have to go through all this, you know. All you have to do is to say that you'll be my bitch and the others will leave you alone."

I just sat there rocking back and forth, not knowing what to say.

"I'm here to fuck you either way," Bobby Joe said with a slow smile. "I can do it brutally, or we can become lovers for the rest of the time you're here, and I can make the others leave you alone. Even Maurice."

I mulled that one over, my arms embracing my chest tightly.

"Ten inches. I'm going to give you ten inches again. You came to like it last time. I could tell. It can be even better than that, or you can keep fighting me, and be visited by friends of mine every night. Which is it to be?"

I let my arms fall beside me in defeat, but I didn't look up.

"Here, give us a kiss," he said gently, and he lifted my chin with his hand.

He brought his mouth to mine and gave me a kiss. I didn't respond.

"You can do better than that," he said. "I know you can. Should I call Chad in? You know, the one who used you as a punching bag before double fucking you."

This time when he approached me, I opened my mouth to him in resignation, and we entered into a long, tonguing kiss.

"There. That's better," he said. "Here, stand up."

I rose from the bed and he undressed me and then guided me in undressing him and we stood there, belly to belly, his hands exploring my body and, at his urging, my hands exploring him as well. His cock was already fully engorged and mine was coming to life as well. His mouth went down to my nipples and I arched my back away from him, while he played there with his lips and teeth. He pulled me back up so that we were chest to chest. He wasn't sweaty now, and his curly chest hair tingled on my smooth skin. His hands went to my butt cheeks, and then a finger of each of his hands entered my asshole and opened me. 

We rocked back and forth in a close embrace, me panting, as he fingered deeper into me. I melted to him as he found my prostate and brought my cock to life. I was sighing and groaning as he laid me on the bed and then stretched his body along mine, head to toe.

"Follow my lead," he said. "Do what I'm doing." Then he took my cock in his mouth and sucked me off. I did the same to him. But I came after several minutes and he was able to hold off. He turned me on my back with him above me, still head to toe, and he then reached down and brought a condom packet and a tube of lube from his pants pocket. He went up on his knees above me. His dong was brushing against my face.

"Here," he said, as he handed me the condom. "Sheath me with this and then find something else other than my cock to play with while I'm busy down here."

I got the packet open and was rolling the condom on his cock while he rotated my hips until he could get his lips on my asshole, which he gave considerable attention to with a wet, long tongue. Meanwhile, I sucked on his heavy balls. I lurched as the cold lubricant was spread around on my asshole, but it quickly warmed as he worked it into me with his fingers.

Then he turned me back around so that my back was nuzzled into his front along the bed. I felt his cock running up the small of my back and felt a guilty pleasure at the thought of all that length inside me. I was laying on my right side, and he lifted my left leg above us and slowly but relentless side split me with that battering ram of his and ran his cock up inside me, reaching for the very core of me. 

I didn't fight him but matched my rhythm to his, and the pleasure of this fuck far overshadowed the pain. He turned my head, and we kissed, this time with a far more enthusiastic response from me than I had managed before. He ran his fingers on the hand of the arm that was wrapped around me around a nipple and slowly pumped me off to a second ejaculation with his other hand encasing my cock.

"Ah, that's my sweet little bitch," he murmured in my ear after we had ended our kiss. "How much longer are you going to be in here?"

"Two weeks," I whispered back.

"Sweet," he said. "By the time you leave here, you are going to be begging for this cock."

I didn't believe him yet that night. But by the time my sentence was up, he proved to be right. I was hooked.