 "May I help you sir?" The motel clerk was a pleasant looking middle aged woman. She seemed unusually perky considering it was almost midnight. 

"I'd like a room for two, please."

"King or two doubles?" she asked.

I took a quick glance out the glass doors to make sure she couldn't see my passenger in the car. I deliberately parked just out of view.

"King, please."

What would she think if she knew that I, a 45 year old happily married man, had an 18 year old boy in the car? And what was I thinking? Did I really believe anything was going to happen tonight with Brandon? Should I change my mind and get the two double beds? I knew that would be the right thing to do but I left it as it was. Hopefully, Brandon wouldn't mind. I paid with a credit card, took the key card, and walked out to the car.

Brandon was the son of our neighbor, Julie. My wife, Cheryl, and I moved in across the street from them about five years earlier. Brandon's parents had recently been divorced and his mom got Brandon and the house. She and my wife became good friends over the years. Now Brandon was off to college. His mom wanted to drive him down but it's an eight hour drive each way and she was in the middle of closing a very important deal at work so, she couldn't get away. I am self employed and make my own hours, so the wife volunteered me. I didn't mind, I liked Brandon and enjoyed his company. The plan was to drive up the day before and stay in a motel. That way we could get Brandon moved into his room the next morning and I could get back home in the afternoon.

The problem was that I had recently found out Brandon was gay. That he was gay was not the problem, that I knew about it and couldn't stop thinking about it, was. Over the last few years I had been curious about being with another man. I'd never so much as touched another man's penis or even seen one erect, except in porn, and since finding out about Brandon, I'd been fantasizing about sucking his cock. It had become an obsession. Now that there might be an opportunity, I had no idea how to approach it. I couldn't exactly just ask him, "can I suck your dick?" What if he freaked out and told his mom. She would have then, most certainly, told my wife. All I could do was take it slow and see what happened.

When I got back to the car, Brandon was half asleep with his head on a pillow leaning against the passenger window.

"I've got some bad news. They only have one room left and it has a king sized bed," I lied. "If you want, we can drive a little further and see if we can find a room with two beds."

"I don't mind if you don't," he said. "We've been driving forever and I just want to get to bed."

We had gotten a late start and hit bad weather and heavy traffic. The eight hour trip turned out to take eleven. I was relieved he didn't want to look for another motel but nervous about what to do next.

The room was a typical motel room with a king sized bed, TV, and a small desk. The sink and vanity was in an open alcove at the far side of the room with the toilet and shower behind a separate door. I decided to walk across the street to the convenience store to get some beer; liquid courage.

"That's sounds good, do you mind if I have one?" Brandon asked.

"You don't think your mom will mind?" I immediately regretted putting myself in the adult chaperone mode, especially since we hit it off so well on the drive down.

"Nah, she lets me have wine with dinner all the time. Besides, I'm going to college; I think she knows I'm going to have a beer every once in awhile."

I left to get a six-pack, aware that it might be just what I need to break the ice. Brandon had a runner's build but only weighed about 120 lbs. One or two beers might be all that was needed to lower his inhibitions.

When I returned, I was disappointed to find that Brandon had changed into sweat pants and a T-shirt. He apparently planned to go to bed fully clothed. We both grabbed a beer and Brandon flipped on the TV. I finished half my beer before announcing I was going to take a shower, stripping down to my boxers before going into the bathroom. I was hoping to see some kind of response from Brandon. He glanced at me and I thought I saw him sneak a peek at my crotch but I couldn't be sure. It was probably just wishful thinking. I kept myself in good shape but what are the chances an 18-year-old would find a guy my age attractive. 

By the time I got into the shower I was horny as hell but I resisted the urge to jack-off. I knew that was probably the only relief I was going to get but I was still holding out hope that something might happen with Brandon. I stepped back into the room with a towel wrapped around my waist. I was able to calm my cock a little but it was still semi-erect and the towel barely concealed it. I decided to throw caution to the wind and put on clean boxers in front of Brandon. After all, we were two men and it wouldn't be that unusual to change in front of him. I dropped my towel to the floor and pulled out a clean pair of boxers from my bag. I was turned to the side, giving Brandon a good view of my cock without being too obvious. I'm average sized, about six inches and not very thick. I don't know if he was impressed, but Brandon was definitely staring straight at it. 

I put on my boxers, grabbed another beer, and crawled under the covers. I noticed that Brandon had grabbed a second beer. He also wanted to take a shower but, to my disappointment, went into the bathroom to get undressed. He grabbed a third beer and took it in with him. The alcohol couldn't hurt, I thought. I considered ordering some porn but thought that would be too obvious and just watched the news instead. 

By the time Brandon got out of the shower I had drifted off and was startled awake. I watched him at the sink brushing his teeth, wearing nothing but a towel around his waist. Brandon had long, straight dark brown hair that reached just below his collar. His skin was olive, making him appear Mediterranean. He had a muscular back but a small waist. The tight fitting towel showed a tight ass leading to thin but strong legs.

Brandon turned off the light above the sink and walked to the side of the bed. I could just make out the outline of his dick under the towel before he turned the lamp off, leaving only the light from outside, peeking around the curtains. 

"How was the shower?" I asked.

"Nice and hot," he said. "I needed it to warm up, it's freezing in here."

"You want me to turn the temperature up on the thermostat?" I offered.

"No, I'll be fine once I get under the blanket."

Brandon took off the towel and threw it on the floor. I could barely make out in the dim light that he wasn't wearing shorts. He got under the covers and lay on his left side with his back to me. That wasn't a good sign and there was also way too much space between us. I was resigned that Brandon did not share my fantasy. My cock was rock hard and poking straight up creating a tent in the covers. I rolled onto my side facing Brandon and decided to wait for him to fall asleep so I could quietly beat-off in the sheets. 

Brandon's breathing seemed to grow steady after about fifteen minutes. I feigned stretching and reached out touching him with my right hand, letting it rest on the small of his back. If he woke up, I would just pretend to be sleeping. Suddenly, he shifted and mumbled something about being cold again and then scooted backwards so that he was onl inches away. I moved my hand to his waist. He was so close, I could feel his body heat. I realized that if I moved forward an inch or two that the head of my hard dick would be touching his butt, but I didn't dare.

Was he awake? I couldn't tell by his breathing but he was laying perfectly still. Under the guise of being asleep, I let my right hand drift to his stomach. If he stirred I would just roll over and he would assume it was done unintentionally. I slowly moved my fingers feeling his thin stomach hairs on his tight abs. Then I felt his hand on mine. I froze, still unsure if he was asleep. After being frozen with his hand on mine for a minute, I felt Brandon's hand pushing mine downward to his groin, down past his soft pubic hair to his fully erect cock. I lightly put my fingers around it. I gripped it slowly, still unsure if he was awake or possibly dreaming. I moved my fingers up his shaft and felt a drop of pre-cum on the tip. Then slowly moved my hand back down and slowly massaged his nearly hairless balls. 

Brandon grabbed my hand and wrapped it tight around his shaft and slowly directed it up and down. I took the hint and slowly started jacking him. He moaned lightly and I knew he had to be awake. I moved closer until my dick was pushing against the crack of his ass and continued stroking his shaft. Brandon rolled over to his back and threw the covers off, allowing me better access to his body. I could see the shadow of his dick, hard and slightly curved upwards towards his chest. I couldn't wait any longer to taste him. I moved up on my left elbow and grabbed him with my free hand, guiding his crowned staff to my mouth. I licked the head, tasting his pre-cum, then slid my tongue slowly up and down the shaft, bathing him in my saliva. Then I took him until my mouth. His shaft felt like silk wrapped around hard wood. It was thin enough for me to easily get into my mouth. I slowly took him deeper and deeper until I felt the head at the back of my throat. My nose was pressed against his pubes and I realized I had him completely in my mouth. I was proud that I wasn't gagging at all. It was hard to believe how natural it felt to have a cock in my mouth.

Slowly, I bobbed my head up and down, gliding my lips and tongue along his shaft. I could tell it was having the desired effect on Brandon as his breathing got heavier. I alternated between sucking and licking as I massaged his balls. Brandon lifted his pelvis to meet my mouth as he held my head. My own erection was harder than ever as I came to the realization that I was a cock sucker. Gay, straight, or bisexual, I was actually sucking a cock. 

I felt his manhood pulsate just as Brandon warned that he was cumming, releasing his grip on my head so I could pull away. But I couldn't, I had to have his sperm in my mouth. Brandon grunted and moaned and I felt his body spasm as he came. The first spurt came as I had him deep in my mouth, splashing against the back of my throat. I adjusted so the head was just inside my lips allowing the second and third spurts to shoot across my tongue. 

Brandon reached over and flipped on the lamp as I continued to lick and suck on his penis, doing my best to clean-up every last drop of cum. Then Brandon opened the drawer to the nightstand and pulled out a tube of lubricant. He must have placed it there anticipating, or at least hoping, that something might happen between us.

"I want you to fuck me Steve," he whispered.

"Okay," was all I could say.

Brandon squeezed some lube on his hand and then spread it over my erect penis. Then he handed me the tube and rolled onto his stomach. I knew what to do. I spread his ass cheeks and squirted a little directly on his love hole. I rubbed it in, using my fingers, slipping one and then two fingers inside. 

He raised his butt slightly and spread his knees, signaling that he was ready. I pressed my cock head against his rosebud and pushed forward. With a little effort the head slipped in. I took it slow, pushing in a centimeter at a time, pushing in and then pulling back before pushing in a little deeper. Brandon moaned in pleasure. Soon my cock was buried in his ass. I started pumping rhythmically. It was so tight, I could see why some people preferred anal sex to vaginal.

With my hands on his hips, I pumped harder and harder. Brandon had his face turned to the side and I could see the pleasure he was feeling with every stroke. I reached around to grab his cock and found it hard as stone. The feel of his cock and the look on his face only heightened my arousal. Soon, my primitive side was taking over; my sole purpose in life was to cum deep in his ass. By then, Brandon had pushed my hand away and was jacking himself off. My orgasm swept through me and I shot load after load deep inside Brandon. I couldn't remember the last time I came so hard and so much.

Brandon came in turn and buckled beneath me. I collapsed on top of him and kissed his neck. As my dick softened I rolled onto my side and Brandon did the same. We fell asleep spooning with my hand resting on his now flaccid dick. 

I woke up early and decided to take another shower. As the hot water flowed down my body I thought about what had happened. Had Brandon liked and wanted it as much as I had, or did the alcohol make him give in. He had at least three beers, maybe four. He had to have been at least a little drunk. I dreaded the thought that last night was a one time occurrence, or worse, that he would think I took advantage of him.

I was startled when the shower curtains opened. Brandon stepped into the shower and wrapped his arms around me and kissed me on the lips. Then he dropped to his knees and gave me a slow passionate blowjob, one like I had never had before. I came in his mouth and Brandon swallowed every drop. 

We washed each other rubbing soap over every inch of our bodies. When we were done I picked up Brandon and carried him to the bed, still soaking wet. I threw him on the bed and devoured his cock. I couldn't get enough of it, sucking and licking his rod and his balls, tasting every inch. Like a starving man eating his last piece of bread, I savored his cock knowing that it might be a long, long time before I would have it again.

Brandon came all too soon and I knew we had to get going. We had breakfast at a restaurant next to the motel and then made the twenty minute drive to campus. We talked about college, Brandon's future, the weather, and anything but what had happened. After we carried all of his things to his dorm, Brandon walked me back to my car. He gave me a long, tight hug. I felt my cock getting aroused and wondered if people nearby could tell that we were lovers. I realized I was being paranoid, anyone watching would just assume that we were father and son saying goodbye.

About a week later, Julie was visiting and I asked about Brandon. 

"It's funny," she said. "when he left, he made it clear he wasn't going to be coming home often, maybe not even for Thanksgiving. Now he wants to come home for Columbus Day weekend. I think he misses his momma."

Somehow I knew, Mom was not who he was missing.