 About six months ago, my girlfriend broke up with me. We just didn't see eye to eye anymore. She also became uptight with sex, things eventually fizzed out. I decided to try some online dating. It did work Ok, I managed to go on a few dates with some of the woman I met online. Problem was, things just didn't go that well with any of them. They were either way overweight, or looked a lot older in person. None of them were genuine at all, they all seemed like they just wanted a free meal. 

I was getting frustrated and horny for some good loving. I was tired of beating off to the same old things. I just wanted to get laid on a regular basis again, with a new hottie. I was even considering getting a hooker or going to a cat house outside of Vegas for some relief. I was keeping my options open.

Then one day after seeing a happy gay couple at the market, I began to wonder what sex with another guy would be like. So I started watching some gay male videos for the first time. There are tons of great ones out there. Most of them really turned me on, a lot more than I expected. I began to really enjoy watching good looking guys in speedos or sexy underwear getting hot for each other. I loved seeing guys cocks growing, as his partner massaged his cock. The whole process had me hard as a rock. I especially liked the videos of younger guys with big smooth cocks going at it. I can never get to the end of these video's before I shoot cum all over the place. My bi-curiosity was growing fast. I was considering a male lover for the first time.

I began to gradually desire touching another mans body, in a sexual way. I started wanting to feel a nice big cock swell and grow big in my hand. I wanted to give a blow job and feel warm cum shooting into my hungry mouth. I wanted to take a guy from behind and I wanted to be taken all the way too. 

I just wanted to try it once, to see if it really was all that great. If it wasn't for me, I'd go back to looking for a new girlfriend and keep it a secret to my friends and family. If I did enjoy it, I'd have to see where it went. I had to find out for myself if it was something I would thoroughly enjoy. Some of the guys in the video's I watched, I could definitely go for in person. I was sure I would be brave enough to try it for real, with the right guy.

As I went about my business the next few weeks, I began to check out guys in a new way. I noticed there bodies and gestures more. I started going to the gym several times a week and was attracted to some of the guys there. I also began to shower at the gym every time, something I never did before. I liked checking out the guys in the shower, from the corner of my eye. Watching some of the guys dressing was exciting too. This always got my heart racing, as I tried to play it cool. There were a few guys at the gym I wanted to experiment with but I felt way too weird to hit on any of them. Plus they were not the gay type as far as I could tell.

I was thinking of going to a gay bar and other ways I could meet a hot sexy guy, to experiment with. Then I thought about online dating again but instead of MSF, I could change my profile to MSM. I decided that would be the best way to find a nice guy without embarrassment. So I went for it. 

I had fun setting up my new MSM profile. First, I spent a few hours taking body selfies in thongs and bike shorts around my place. Then I downloaded the pic's to my laptop. I had fun working on my new profile, hoping to appeal to the right type of guy. 

I was honest as I as I could be, with my profile. I just changed my name and location to the next town over, so I wouldn't be recognized by any people that knew me. I described myself as 28 year old fit male, seeking bi-curious 1st timer like me for discreet fun. 

Then for the first time ever, I began to seriously search for a hot guy to have sex with. I looked through hundreds of profiles and sent out a few flirts, to the guys I was the most attracted to. I enjoyed reading the profiles of gay men and what they said about themselves. I also enjoyed learning what they were seeking in a partner. Top, bottom, older, younger, big cock and much more. I decided to leave my profile out there for a few days before I checked back. I was nervous with excitement and anticipation.

Feeling like I would be meeting a hot guy soon, I decided to go shopping at the mall for some sexy shorts and underwear. I bought a few pairs of spandex shorts, leggings and a bunch of sexy underwear. Then I decided to go to the shady side of town and buy some dildoes to practice with. The lady there was very friendly and helpful and made me feel at ease. I bought a few new sex toys and headed home for some fun. 

I couldn't wait to get home and play with my new toys. I took a nice hot shower, dried off and lubed up my rear entrance with Vaseline. Then I slipped on some tight, stretchy spandex undies and picked through my new toys. I put on my laptop and got a hot gay scene going with two hunks by a pool. I copied the way the guy sucked cock on the video with my new dildo and got really turned on. Then I pulled off my underwear and sat down slowly on one of my new vibrating dildos. I continued sucking on the other one as I eased down on my new toy. I barely got half the rubber cock in my back door before I erupted all over the place. I put some of my cum on the dildo I was sucking and sucked it all off. I had never cum so hard in my life. I felt so naughty and ready to take the next step...

After two days of waiting, I decided to check my emails and see if I got any bites from my new MSM profile. I was blown away, I had 18 flirts and 14 new messages. I had never received this many messages from my MSF profile in two days. I was so surprised and excited. My heart began to beat out of my chest, I was so nervous I could barely type at first.

Over the next few days, I had a great time flirting and messaging with the guys online. I began to get closer to 3 guys on the dating website. It was a real turn on and a lot of fun flirting with gay men online. I was able to express my sexual desires without embarrassment. You should try it someday!

After a week of heavy flirting, I exchanged phone numbers with 3 guys that I really liked. I began to text with these guys and we sent racy pic's back and forth. We texted about our desires and what we'd like to do and try with each other, it was hot. I had a strong feeling I would have another man's cock in my grip very soon. I ended up meeting all three of them for coffee, over the next few days.

I met Mike first, he was my second choice of the 3 guys. We hit it off pretty good. More like friends after all, I wasn't that attracted to him in person. He was short and nice but not my type. I let him know I was going to meet two other guys and get back to him. He was cool with that and we hugged and went our separate ways. 

Next I met Max, my 3rd favorite of the 3 guys. Max was cool but too silly for my taste. We ended up laughing our way through our coffee's. He is a nice guy, but not the man I wanted for my first time. We are still friends and text regularly. 

Then I met my favorite of the three guys, Gary. Gary made me hot from the start. I saw him walk into the coffee shop and my heart jumped out of my chest. He is a great looking, all American guy. He's tall, in great shape and a very cool person. I couldn't believe my luck. 

I got up to greet him and we shook hands, I could feel electricity go through us as we touched. This was the guy for me, I thought to myself. I couldn't believe how horny he made me. I wanted to try everything with him, he seemed so nice and normal. He had sent me a hot pic that morning of him with a hard on in his tight blue underwear. I knew he had a nice long cock and I wanted to get naked with him from the start. It was definitely lust at first sight for me. I never felt that way about a guy before.

As we became acquainted in person, things kept getting better. We talked about sports and our careers, as well as our last girlfriends. He was real intelligent and easy to talk too. Then we began to talk about our new shared bi-curiosity interests. 

"Oh by the way Gary, thank you for the pic this morning. It got me really hot and bothered." I said with a shy smile. 

"Oh yeah, what did you do about it?" He joked.

"I'll never tell as long as were in this coffee shop." I kidded. 

"How long have you been single?" He asked with that gorgeous smile.

"I've been single for about six months. How about you?" I asked.

"About six months too. I think I'm just growing tired of woman. They are so hard to impress and deal with." He said shaking his head.

"Have you ever been with another guy?" I asked quietly.

"No, never. Have you?" He asked softly.

"No. I really never thought about it until recently. Then after a long dry spell I began to check out some hot gay videos on my laptop. They really turned me on, a lot more than I expected." I said quietly. 

"What parts got you the hottest?" He asked seriously.

"I like it when the guys are wearing sexy underwear and they begin to massage the other guys cock. I love to see the guys cocks growing big and hard, that really get's me going." I said with a shy smile.

"You got me going now!" He kidded. 

Like me, Gary started watching gay porn recently and felt a new desire building inside. I told him I was a little shy at first but I'd like to get together this coming weekend with him, if he was up for that. He seemed very pleased with my suggestion and we agreed to meet Friday night for drinks after work. It was Wednesday afternoon at this point. It was going to be a long two days until we meet again.

As our coffee's ran low, I knew it was time to get going back to work. We walked out to the parking lot together and I gave him a nice strong hug. He hugged me back nice and firm and touched the top of my ass. Game on, I thought! We got in our cars and took off our separate ways. 

Over the next two days, I continued to text and flirt with Gary even more. I sent him some hot pic's of my cock straining to get out of my underwear and some pic's of my tight virgin ass in a thong that night. 

The next day, he sent me some hot pic's of himself in tight bike shorts. They got me so hot and bothered at work, I had to go home and beat off on my lunch break. His ass looked so nice and tight in bike shorts and his bulge looked incredible. I came all over my phone, licked it clean went back to work. 

Gary had me so horny for him, all the time now. I wanted him so badly, I craved his big cock. I wanted to play with his dick, suck on it, and taste his cum. I wanted to pound his cute ass, I wanted to watch him bobbing on my cock as well. My mind was constantly racing with wild sexual thoughts of Gary. I was so ready for the real thing, I could hardly wait.

Eventually Friday night arrived. After work I went home flossed, showered, shaved my face and entire body. Then I put on some sexy boy spandex underwear and a nice casual outfit. I felt hot and ready for Gary, I left for the bar horny and nervous as hell. I was going on my first male date. This is going to be awesome, I thought to myself.

Gary was there as I walked in and he flagged me down. He stood up to greet me in a dark suit and tie. We gave each other a nice quick hug. He looked great! I was hoping he was feeling the same for me.

"Hi Bill how are you?" He asked kindly.

"Hey Gary, I'm doing great. Nice to see you!" I said, trying to keep my cool.

"What are you drinking tonight?" He asked.

"I could go for a beer." I replied.

Gary flagged over the waitress and ordered two beers for us. 

"How was your day Bill?" He asked sincerely.

"It kind of dragged on. I couldn't wait to get home, freshen up and get down here."

"I got stuck at work and came straight here. Unfortunately I didn't have time to go home and freshen up." 

"Well you still look great Gary, glad you made it."

"Yeah me too, I've been thinking about you a lot today. I'm a little nervous but very excited." He said shyly. 

The beers arrived as we were speaking. I didn't even notice the waitress, Gary paid for the beers as we continued talking. 

"Do you have any plans for the weekend?" I asked.

"Not really, I have a few things to take care of around the house but my weekend is pretty much free. How about you?" He asked.

"I took care of all my chores last night after work, so I'm pretty much free all weekend." I replied with a smile as I took a big swig of beer. 

"Cool, maybe we could do something tomorrow if your up for it?" He asked with a gentle smile.

"Sure, that would be great." I said a little nervously. 

"Sounds good, maybe we could go for a bike ride by the lake or something." He said with a shy smile.

"Sure, I'd love to see you in those tight bike shorts again." I said as I poked his side. Breaking the ice a little. 

"You like those pic's?" He asked slightly unsure of himself.

"I love those pic's! OMG, you got me so hot at work." I said with a big smile.

"I'm glad." He said with a cute smile.

"Do you have any speedos, I bet you look great in those too?" I asked with a bigger smile. 

"Yes I do but I never wear them. I'd wear them for you if you'd like?" He said as he blushed a bit. 

"I'd love to see that someday." I said, now being more aggressive. 

"I bet you'd look good in speedos too. We should have a pool party for two at my place tomorrow." He said. 

"God I'd love to, you're on!" I said as I finished my beer, feeling a new nervous excitement.

"You know what Bill?" He asked.

"What Buddy?" I retorted. 

"I know we just got here, but would you like to go back to my place and have a few more drinks there? I could sure use a shower and change of clothes." He said casually.

"Sure Gary, that sounds fine." I said with butterflies in my stomach.

"I live close by, so you could follow me home." He said sincerely.

"That sounds great." I said with a bit of enthusiasm. 

"You almost ready to go?" He asked.

"Sure, I'm ready." I said with a smile. 

We gathered our stuff and left the bar together. I followed him to his car and he gave me brief directions to his house. Then I hugged him, got in my car and followed him to his place. He had a big beautiful home, I was very impressed. Gary showed me around his home and got us some beers. We toasted our drinks and smiled at each other. Then Gary put on some music and the TV on mute. 

"I need a shower Bill, you mind waiting a bit?" He asked nicely.

"Sure Gary, take your time. We got all night." I replied.

"Thanks Bill, just make yourself at home." He said as he walked off to get cleaned up. 

I made myself at home, as he showered up. I proceeded to drink a few more beers and check out his pool and hot tub before he came back in nice and clean. 

Gary came walking in to the living room about 15 minutes later. He was bare foot, wearing baggy shorts and a tight stretchy shirt. He looked really nice and sexy. I felt so fortunate to have this handsome guys interest. There was no way I was going to back out now, I just hope he was feeling the same way about me. I was pretty sure he was ready to take this to the next level.

"Hey Gary, you feel better?" I asked as he walked in. 

"I feel so much better, thanks for waiting." He said kindly.

"No problem buddy." I replied. 

He walked up the fridge and grabbed a beer. 

"You ready for another beer yet?" He asked.

"I'm good thanks." 

Gary came over and sat down next to me and we made small talk. I was trying to keep my cool but I wanted to get with him real badly. He looked so nice and clean, I was ready to do anything and everything with him. The beer helped me to loosen up and not be so shy. 

"So Gary you up for some hot tub action?" I asked trying to get 

this party started. 

"Sure, that sounds great. I'll go fire it up, it will be ready in about 10 minutes." He said, as he got up and went to get it going. 

I went out to see what he was doing after a minute. He was coming out of the pool shed with a beer in hand. He smiled at me as he saw me watching him. 

"Hey Bill, would you like to pick out a swim suit?" He asked.

"Sure, show me what you got!" I replied with a big grin. 

"Come on back to my bedroom." He said casually. 

I followed behind him checking out his ass as he walked. When we got to the bedroom he opened up a drawer full of swim shorts and a few speedos. I grabbed two pairs of speedos and tossed a pair at him. 

"These will do. I'll go change in the spare room." I said as I walked out grinning ear to ear. 

"Sounds good." He said.

I stripped down in the spare bedroom and pulled on the tight little speedos. They were more like panties than a swimsuit but they looked good and my cock began to swell. I grabbed a towel from the bathroom and went back to the living room to wait for Gary. 

Gary walked into the living room with a towel covering him from the waist down. I thought he might be nervous so I played it cool. He was shirtless and his chest and abs looked really sexy. 

"How do you feel in those speedos my man?" I asked. 

"You tell me!" He said nervously, as he tossed his towel on the sofa.

I could see his big hard cock through the speedos. He looked hotter than any guy I've ever seen before. 

"You look really nice Gary, are you Ok?" I asked.

"Yes I'm fine, I'm just a little nervous." He said quietly. 

"Well let's check the hot tub buddy and see if it's ready." I said trying to lighten the mood. 

"Ok." He replied. 

We grabbed our towels and headed out the back door. His butt looked so cute in the speedos, as he walked ahead of me. The hot tub looked warm enough now, we sat on the edge and put our feet in. My cock was real hard and he noticed. I looked at his growing bulge as well. I slid a little closer to him and put my hand on his thigh. He nervously slid a tiny bit closer and put his hand on my upper thigh, right next to my speedos. I slid closer to him inching my cock closer to his hand. 

I couldn't hold back anymore. I placed my hand over his and slid it to my aching cock. Gary slowly began to feel my hard cock. I leaned back and let him explore my manhood. He continued to massage my cock over the speedos. My cock was throbbing from his touch. I let him play with me for a few minutes and quietly moaned with approval. 

I was getting so turned on by his touch, as he became more aggressive and horny. My cock was hard as granite, I couldn't wait any longer. I wanted to feel his hard cock in my hand. I wanted him so badly. So I went for his cock and felt another man's cock throbbing in my hand for the first time. It was warm and hard and sexy as hell. He moaned with approval as I began to slid my hand up and down it's length. 

Then I got in front of him and we stood up and began to grind our hard cocks together. It felt amazing sliding our speedo covered cocks back and forth against each other. We were wet from the knees down as we stood there grinding each other into bliss. I gently bit his ear and he grabbed my ass and felt up my buns real nicely. I put my hands on his cheeks and pulled him in for a kiss. 

Gary kissed me back with a lot of enthusiasm as we continued to grind away. Gary was a great kisser and got me even more turned on. I reached down and began to massage his ass and slide my finger up and down his ass crack. We kissed and grinded for about 10 minutes before we broke apart. We finally sat all the way down in the hot tub, our cocks were still big and hard.

"This is so hot man, You're a great kisser Gary." I stated.

"So are you." He said, as he breathed a bit heavy.

"I can't believe this is really happening." I said as my body trembled.

We started to kiss again, then I felt him touching my cock again underwater. I let him play with me for a while, then I slid in front of him as we continued to make out. Then he began to feel my ass and I let him. He was acting kind of shy at first but he slowly began to finger my tight hole. I let him do whatever he wanted and made noises of gratitude. After only about 10 or 15 minutes in the hot tub I was ready to take this inside. 
