 This story could have gone under Mind Control, but I wanted to make absolutely certain that readers would know what it involved before they read it. A reminder that if anyone has suggestions for stories, I want to hear them, but be aware that if it is not one that interests me I won't be able to do it well and so I won't. I will be doing Control: Asha's Story next if anyone is interested. 

***** 

My life was fairly conventional for about the first twenty-two years. I grew up with my parents, a younger sister and went to college for a degree. In high school and college I dated girls and had a good time. One girl didn't leave quietly, at first it was good, we never had a fight. However I ultimately realized that we didn't fight because she was submissive and went along with whatever I said. It sounds nice on paper, but after a while hearing "whatever you want" gets a bit wearing. Any after finishing college I started a job at an office downtown. This was more a stepping stone than a career path, a way to make money while gaining experience. On my first day I met Gavin, who was to train me, not that I needed much. 

"Company policy, what can I say" he shrugs at this "a chimp with twenty minutes of orientation could handle it." At this moment a cute redhead passed by and I thought about the fact that I hadn't been laid in over a month. My college girlfriend and I had broken up as we were getting jobs in different cities and neither of us was interested in a long distance relationship. Gavin saw where my attention was and chuckled. 

"She's a real hottie ain't she?" I merely nodded. "She's great, but be careful you don't want to be sued for harassment on your first day." She passed and I laughed as his words registered. We turned to training and he was right it was fairly simple. We broke for lunch and quickly returned to training. It was Friday and everyone wanted to leave early and he turned to me. 

"Well, it seems to be a bit of a waste, me training you only to have to wait till Monday to continue." I nodded unsure of what to say. He looked thoughtful for a moment before brightening. "Well, there is a possibility. I am working on a way to get through training faster. If the company approves it I could get a promotion, maybe a raise. Worst case scenario it'll help you remember what you learned today. That way you won't have to waste time on Monday." I nodded. 

"Sounds good." He went to his desk and soon returned with a disc in a case. 

"Here it's a DVD training course. Watch it over the weekend and take a quick test on Monday so I'll be able to show some data to convince the higher ups that it works." 

"Sounds like a good deal." He offered to show me the nearby bar, but I was still settling into my apartment and I needed to pick up some other stuff, my fridge was empty. Besides I wanted to watch the disc in the hopes that I could be ready on Monday. After all just because I wasn't planning to make a career at this job was no reason not to impress with my eagerness. A quick trip to the store found me reasonably stocked and I warmed up a TV dinner. I sat down to watch a cartoon from my youth and just focused on unwinding from the day. After dinner I decided to watch the disc. It pretty much ran over everything that he had shown me earlier although presented in a more professional manner as it was obviously meant for superiors to see it. However his humor was apparent. Despite his attempts to keep it light it was fairly dry and I found myself drifting off. I managed to finish it before I decided to call it a night. That night I dreamt about Gavin, nothing specific just that he was there. 

The next morning I woke fully hard, this wasn't too weird because I hadn't had sex in a while, but I did feel that I was harder than usual. So, I called up a fantasy involving the cute redhead at the office. The odd thing was that Gavin was in my fantasy. He wasn't doing anything, just watching, while fully clothed. I came hard, still confused but at least not feeling quite so desperate. The day was quiet and spent the day finishing my unpacking and setting up my internet service and the other assorted odd jobs that one has when you move into a new place. I watched the video two more times that day. Once before dinner and once just before bed I felt a bit warm and for some reason I was thinking about Gavin with a growing fascination for his lips. I didn't understand why I couldn't stop thinking about him. Not that I would criticize two guys who decided to make a go of it. Hey, as far as I'm concerned if two people are happy together, more power to them. That being said I never felt that was for me. 

So, after two increasingly confusing days it was Monday and I returned to work. I felt eager to see Gavin. When I saw him we shook hands and I looked him over. I had done this when we met on Friday, however this time I was looking more critically. He was a good looking guy, no doubt about that. But this time I was looking over his smooth dark features which suggested he was a mix of Japanese and African-American. I say Japanese because of an interest in Japanese television series and an addiction to Kung-Fu movies fostered by a cousin, I was actually pretty good at spotting the difference between Japanese and Chinese. He had short dark hair that seemed to constantly be in danger of dropping into his eyes. He was just under six feet tall, maybe five foot eleven, putting him an inch or two over my height of five foot nine. He was slim, but not particularly muscular, as if he jogged regularly, while not a weight lifter. I shook my head as I realized I was staring. We quickly got to work and I was glad that I remembered so much from Monday and I seemed to know a few things that he hadn't gone over. 

"Good, I see you are learning and better than I could have hoped." He leaned in close as I was turning my head to him. I was shocked when our lips meant, it couldn't have been more than a split second, but it felt longer as I felt his lips to mine and they parted slightly as he backed away. 

"S-sorry, wow, I guess I should have been paying attention." He held up a hand. 

"No problem, could have happened to anyone." We returned to training and I thought I saw out of the corner of my eye that he was licking his lips. I ignored it as I thought he might have an interest in guys, but I felt he was too professional to do anything so course. Later we broke for lunch and we talked about backgrounds and goals, I felt it wouldn't hurt my job to let him know that I was only planning to keep this job as long as necessary to start my career. The inevitable discussion of dating arose and I revealed that I recently broken up with my girlfriend and I held my breath as he responded. 

"Yeah I was dating a manicurist for about a year before we broke up." He held up his well looked after finger nails for emphasis. "But she wasn't interested after I introduced my boyfriend. Although honestly I think she was more bothered by sharing me than the fact that it was a guy who was dividing my attention. Sadly he soon left as well as despite the fact that he had said that he was willing to accept that I was bi, but a few days after I had introduced them he changed his mind. Sharing me was one thing, but with a woman was not going to work." I was blown away by this and I felt a little excited that he was apparently single. We finished lunch in silence and soon returned to work. He handed me another disc. 

"Here's the second one, why don't you watch it now? I have something to look into." I nodded and watched the disc. It was about the same as the first, although it started with a review of the first disc and new information. I had completely lost track of time when the disc finished and I realized he was waiting behind me. He smiled and I realized that his eyes weren't on my face. I looked down carefully and saw that his eyes were on my crotch and I was hard. I blushed, but he seemed to ignore it as we continued working. 

The day proved interminable as I felt a growing desire to kiss him as well as ample curiosity to see him naked. At last the day ended and he gave me the disc as we stood close together. Our heads became closer and we kissed, although I couldn't tell you who had initiated the kiss. We separated and I headed home. I could certainly appreciate when a guy was good looking and I could certainly say without fear that a guy was attractive enough that I would say 'yes' if I was interested in guys. 

However I had never felt such interest before. Once home I had dinner and focused on relaxing as I attempted to sort out my feelings. All I really knew was that I thought he was attractive, I liked kissing him, and I wanted to see him naked. Nothing else, I didn't want to have sex, although truthfully it was a lack of interest rather than a real resistance. After dinner I watched the disc again and felt quite horny when I finished. I admit to some suspicion that it seemed like it was only after watching the disc that I started feeling a same-sex attraction. However I laughed as that was silly. So, I got ready for bed and brought up some porn to jerk off to. I tried to find some gay porn to satisfy my curiosity, but found none of it to be all that interesting, one thing I didn't find any scenes where both guys were that appealing. Finally I came and went to bed. 

The next day I woke with a hard on from a dream that once again included Gavin, although this time he was naked, but again he was only watching not doing anything. Once again as I took my hard cock in hand his image entered my thoughts as well as that of sex with a woman. I came hard, but still I was confused by all of this. At work Gavin had me watch the second disc after we spent part of the morning in training. Just before lunch he decided to stop and have me watch the disc. I was so engrossed in the disc that I hadn't noticed his return until he spoke. 

"That looks uncomfortable, want some help?" I turned to see him sitting next to me with a look approaching concern on his face. It took me a moment to realize that he was referring to my erection. I was embarrassed and struggled to answer when I felt my head nodding. He smiled as he reached for me. I flinched slightly but did not stop him as he opened my pants and reached inside. His hand rubbed over my still covered cock, but he was unhurried. I moaned no longer caring that we were at work or that this was a guy who had his hand between my legs. He gently put a hand to my mouth and it was incredibly smooth. He didn't say anything as he reached into my underwear and pulled out my cock. I was too stunned to react as he got a good grip on me, prompting another moan that was low enough that I think only he could hear. He slowly moved his hand up and down in the chair. This was not my first hand job, however it was obviously the first time receiving one from a guy. His hand was almost silky in its smoothness and warm wrapped around my throbbing cock. He began pumping faster and I felt the tip start to tingle as my balls tightened. I was breathing hard and I was struggling to keep my moans low as I felt my cock swell. Then I came, exploding on his hand. His pumping slowed until I was all out. He looked momentarily at his hand before making eye contact and smiling. 

"Damn, you were pent up." He held his hand to my face. "Clean me." I was so lost in my lust filled haze that I opened my mouth and he stuck his index finger inside. He pumped it in and out momentarily before offering the whole hand. I licked and sucked until his hand was clean and he scooped more from my cock until he couldn't get anymore. "Very good." He handed me a tissue and I finished cleaning myself up. We continued without a word of what had happened. The day came to an end and he gave me the third disc. I felt a bit eager to watch it. So, as soon as I got home I did so. I was so hard afterward that I wasted no time in stripping off and taking my erection in hand and pumped with speed. However I was soon imagining that he was sitting naked and was kneeling on the floor looking up. I looked up, he smiled and nodded to his cock. In my fantasy I lowered my head to look closer at his cock and it seemed as if I wanted to taste it. As soon as this thought entered my head I came and as I pumped more came out and I wondered if I would stop. Eventually I did and I sat for several moments as I digested the fact that the idea of tasting his cock had sent me over the edge. I cleaned up and decided that I wasn't going to let it worry me, I mean I liked Gavin, so what if I liked him. I had dinner and ended up falling asleep watching the disc again. 

That night I dreamt about him sitting naked and gesturing for me to come to him. I eagerly crawled across the floor to him. I raised my head to his lap and stared for a moment before lowering my head to his cock. I licked up the sides, listening to his moans. As I took the head in my mouth he patted my head. I was taking more in my mouth, when I woke up. 

It was Wednesday and I lay in bed for several moments as the dream came back to me. I was still unsure of what to make of all of this, but I wasn't going to worry. I was hard so I began to jerk off as I imagined other guys naked, but I quickly realized that Gavin was the only guy I was at all interested in. So, I fantasized about him and a beautiful woman. I imagined thrusting in and out of her while I put my head in his lap to take his cock in my mouth, I thrust in her while he thrust into me. I came quickly and rose to dress for work. Once at work Gavin soon had me watching the disk again, while he attempted to keep up with his regular work. I was soon lost and saw that he sitting next to me. 

"Let me take care of that." I barely glanced at him before he reached into my pants and pulled out my cock. He quickly pumped my cock with increasing speed and struggled not to moan too loudly as he brought me closer to cumming. Him being a guy meant that he knew what to do, but it was clear he knew exactly what he was doing. I soon exploded on his hand and he once again held it to my mouth. I quickly licked up the cum on his hand, I still felt I didn't have much taste for it, but somehow I was enjoying the obedience. He handed me a tissue and I finished cleaning myself up as he patted my head. We finished the work day without discussion of what was happening between us and I was certain that he caught me every time I looked at his crotch. However he gave no indication that he was aware of my interest, so I went home. After eating dinner I watched the disk and soon fell asleep watching it. That night my dream shifted to include him telling me to stop after I had been sucking for a bit and bend over his desk. He pulled my pants down to my knees and pressed the head of his cock against my ass. He had barely begun to press in when I woke. 

I still wasn't sure about all of this, but I wasn't going to panic over my sudden attraction to a guy. At work he had me watch the third disc again. When it ended I looked at him and smiled. I felt my gaze drawn to his crotch and he patted my head as he opened his pants. 

"Go for it, boy." I dropped to my knees and he pulled out his cock. I looked at his cock, which was slightly bigger than I had imagined and somewhat darker, although he clearly wasn't doing any nude sunbathing. He was just over eight inches a little on the thick side. I found I could just get a hand around his hard cock, his pubic hair was neatly trimmed. I pumped him a few times and he gave a soft, appreciative moan. I soon stopped and lowered my head to lick up the bottom of his cock to further moans. I licked up the sides and lowered my mouth to gently take one ball than the other between my lips. The taste did little for me, but his reactions were a real turn on, my cock was straining against my pants. I turned my attention to wrapping my lips around the head and sucked softly. He moaned and it sounded loud enough for someone to hear, but I kept going as I tried to get more in my mouth. I alternated between sucking and swirling my tongue. He patted my head, but only pushed slightly and I attempted to work my way further down the shaft. The width wasn't too bad, but I had trouble getting very far down. I drooled in an attempt to better lubricate his shaft. I managed to get about halfway down after some time of moving up and down, trying to get more in my mouth. He moaned and I felt both hands on my head, but he didn't grip hard as his cock swelled. I felt his cum in my mouth and I pulled back until only his head was inside as I attempted to swallow. At last he stopped cumming and I swallowed the rest. He moaned softly. 

"Good job, clean me up." I didn't hesitate as I licked to clean up his cock completely. The taste was only somewhat stronger than my own, but not all that different. At last he was clean and I sat back looking up at him. He looked down smiling. "Wow, have you done that before?" I shook my head, I had never even thought about it before. 

"Would you like to get off as well?" I nodded as I felt that my erection was almost panful in my pants. 

"Yes, sir." I didn't know why I had said that, but he only grinned wider. 

"Okay, jerk off boy." I was disappointed that he wasn't going to help me, but I quickly put that aside as I took my cock out and pumped rapidly. I soon came on my hand and he nodded his approval. 

"Clean yourself up, we've got more work." I quickly sucked the cum off my hand and I put my cock away and slowly rose to my feet, still in a bit of a daze over what had happened. We finished the work day, he gave me the next disc and I went home to watch it. I once again dreamed of being bent over a desk and him behind me rubbing his cock between my cheeks. 

I woke with an itch to be fucked by him. I rose as I didn't want to risk being late as this was the last day of my first week. I arrived at work and as soon as he closed the door to his office we kissed. I was feeling good, but he broke the kiss.  

"We should get to work. Business before pleasure." I groaned quietly and we got to work. He didn't mention the previous day, the kiss was the only acknowledgment that he gave that anything was happening between us. It wasn't until after lunch that he had me watch the disk again. By the time it was finished and I turned to see him sitting next to me. "Is there something you want? You have tell me what it is." I stared at him feeling desperate, but I struggled to actually tell him. 

"Please...I need you...to fuck me." I blushed and he smiled. 

"Of course, stand up." I quickly obeyed and he undid my pants and lowered them to my knees. "Bend over my desk." His desk was fairly clear, but he moved a few things and I bent over. I felt the cold desk against my cheek, which felt that it was burning. I felt him roll a condom on to my hard cock. "There can't have you making a mess on the floor." He patted an ass cheek with affection before I felt what I assumed to be lube at the entrance to my ass. Gavin pressed a finger into me and it went in smoothly, he did this a few times before he added more lube and a second finger. I moaned and felt my balls grow tighter as he added a third finger. He flexed his fingers in order to further open me up to him. I groaned my disappointment when he pulled out.  

"Don't worry, this will feel even better. Just relax." I tried to relax completely as he replaced his fingers with the head of his cock. "Hold your cheeks as wide as you can." I quickly grabbed my ass and pulled until I was as open as I was going to get. He added a bit more lube and the head against my hole sending shudders through me. He gripped my hips just above my hands and pushed. It hurt and I was beginning to think he would never manage it, when suddenly the head popped inside and I gasped as the breath was knocked from me. Gavin waited, giving me a chance to catch my breath, before he pushed some more. His cock moved slowly, but it no longer hurt so much as felt a bit uncomfortable. Soon he bottomed out and I could feel his hips against my own. 
