 After that first time with Charles, exploring each other sexually, we seemed to grow even closer as friends. Neither of us acted like a gay couple or anything. We just did so many things together like most teenage boys did. We camped out, fished, swam, hunted, and talked about girls. Of course our new found sexual desires in each other was unmistakable.

About a month or so after that first time, we were once more going through some more porn that had had borrowed from his brother, but this time he had a movie and projector. I had never seen a porn movie before and was really looking forward to checking it out. We sat around, had some smoke to relax a bit and he kicked on the the projector. 

It didn't take long of watching the couple on the movie fucking and sucking, for me to get a raging hard on. I was totally engrossed in it so much so that I didn't even see Charles moving closer to me. It wasn't until I felt his hand moving across my cock through my jeans that I looked at him then down at his fully erect cock, sticking out of his zipper. I reached down, unzipped my jeans and pulled them down a bit with my underwear, releasing my hard on. My hand then went right to his beautiful massive cock and his hand went to mine. 

We continued watching the movie, not saying a word, stroking each other and enjoying the pleasure. I kept stealing glances at him when the precum wetness flowing from the head of his cock touched my hand. I was wondering how much longer it was going to be before he was going to cum. Charles then slid off the couch and got down in front of me, my hand already missing the heat of his cock. I looked at him wondering what he was going to do, but it didn't take long to find out. He quickly brought his mouth down over the head of my cock moving it around in his mouth for a minute or so and running his tongue around it. It felt heavenly and my groan of pleasure told him so. He lifted off just for a second to smile at me then slid my cock back in. This time he began moving up and down, going almost all the way down to the base. I could feel the back of his throat against the tip each time he went down. I couldn't concentrate one bit on the movie anymore and was just staring at him while his mouth worked it's magic on me. It wasn't long at all before I felt my cum working it's way up from deep inside me. My breathing got heavier and heavier and he seemed to suck harder and harder on me. Suddenly, I felt the first wave of pleasure hit me as I began to cum in his mouth, throbbing over and over again. He stopped moving up and down on me, just holding it in his mouth as he swallowed my hot seed. It seemed like forever but he soon released my cock from his 

lips, a small trail of cum dripping down his chin. I just laid back there on the couch in warm post orgasmic bliss.

Charles then moved back up beside me on the couch, his cock still hard as a rock and sticking out of his pants. We started watching the movie again and my hand found his dick once more. After a short time, he said he wanted to try something 

else and told me to lay face down on the floor. I wasn't sure what he wanted to do at first, but laid down for him anyway. He disappeared into the bathroom for a minute but soon came back with a bottle of lotion. Still confused at what he wanted to do, especially when he squirted a bunch of the lotion onto his hand and rubbed it all over his erection. He then got down behind me and put some on my ass! Whoa, he wanted to put his cock in my ass! I rolled over in fear and he said to just relax and it wouldn't hurt. Sounded like he had done this before. 

Anyway, I trusted him and rolled back over, giving him full access to my ass. He positioned himself over me and I felt the bulbous head of his slippery cock slide in between my ass cheeks and stop at the entrance. He then began to push against my small opening as I resisted a bit. He asked me to relax and pushed more. I bit my lower lip as his pressure increased. Then suddenly my 

asshole gave way and the huge head was inside. Arrrgghhh! It hurt like hell and I asked him to stop! He stopped pushing and kept reassuring me that it would stop if I just relaxed. I tried as best as I could and the pain seemed to subside a bit. He then pushed on deeper into my rectum, filling me with his huge member until I felt his balls against me. It felt like I needed to take a huge shit but all that was inside me was his massive tool! Charles stopped moving briefly allowing me to adjust somewhat. He then began to slowly withdraw about halfway then pushing it back in, each time causing me to groan very loud. After moving in and out a little, he started a nice rhythm, filling my tortured ass over and over. My cock started to get hard again, and the pain was gradually being replaced by pleasure as I moaned for him to fuck me. I almost couldn't

believe that I was enjoying being impaled on him like that. I slid my hand down under my cock, each thrust from him causing my hand to slide up and down it. He was really getting into it and told me that he loved the feeling of my hot ass wrapped around him as he fucked me faster and faster. Charles then tensed up, letting out a loud groan, shoved his cock as far as he could into me, and began filling my colon with his hot cum. On each pulse he would thrust against me, holding me tightly with his arms, pinning me hard against the floor, as he emptied his balls inside me, I erupted with him feeling my cum flowing from me into my hand.

Both of us spent, we stayed just like that for a little bit. I felt his powerful tool begin to soften, then finally slip out of my ass. I laid there with him beside me, both of us lost in thought and his cum leaking from my stretched asshole. I told him that I didn't know if I wanted to do that again and he said we could talk about it some other time. We both got dressed and he headed home since my parents were due back at anytime. 

Charles and I continued our sexual explorations for a couple more years after that in between having experiences with girls, but we never did have anal sex again. I didn't like the pain of when it started out nor did I like that my asshole was burning sore for several days after. We did, however, suck each other cocks when we had the chance. 

Charles went into the Army after we graduated high school and sadly, we lost contact. I never had any experiences with other men, nor have I ever desired to. I've been with women happily all my life, but I have often wondered if I ever met up with him again, would we pick up where we left off? I can't answer that question. He sure did have a beautiful cock, though.