 Dear Reader: Some of you may have read "Still in the Closet," parts 1 and 2, and "Charlie's Nephew Goes to College." Those stories will give you some background on Charlie, Bobby, and the professor. 

*

Coach lets most of us first year guys suit up for the games and we got good tickets for our families, so I was thrilled that Uncle Charlie was spending a weekend at the college. I had told him about the fag English professor I had met and he had laughed and said, "I told you all those guys were fags." I had promised to introduce him to the professor if he visited me and he said he was eager to meet him. It was late Friday afternoon when I took Uncle Charlie up to the professor's office. 

"So this is your other professor," said my English professor. "The stud who taught Bobby how to handle gay guys."

"Not gay guys," said Uncle Charlie, "fags!"

"We like to be called gay," said my professor, almost arrogantly.

"Yeah, I know," said Uncle Charlie, "but you're fags."

"Bobby can call me whatever he likes," said the professor, still arrogant.

"He tells me he's been fucking you three or four times a week now. He said he's made your asshole really user-friendly."

The professor nodded and smiled shyly at me, some of his arrogance seemed to vanish.

"Bobby says you take it just like a woman, really deep, and you grunt when you take it. He says you like getting fucked. And he says you always come when he fucks you. Is that right?"

The professor seemed to shudder and he looked down, as if embarrassed, and he spoke very softly. "Yes that's right."

"He says you really like it a lot. He says you enjoy taking it up the ass."

The professor, still staring at the floor, nodded. It was almost as if talking to him about me fucking him turned the professor on. His breathing became more intense and he started licking his lips. All his arrogance was gone now. I looked over at Uncle Charlie and I suddenly realized he was doing it on purpose.

"Tell me about it professor," said Uncle Charlie.

"What ... what do you mean?" The professor asked.

"I mean, tell me what it feels like when Bobby fucks you. When he bends you over and shoves that big dick right up your ass."

The professor closed his eyes and spoke very softly. He was obviously getting aroused now. "It ... it feels good. ... It ... it makes me feel like ... like I'm pleasing him. He fills me up ... and ... and the way he does it ... I ... I always ... get an erection and ejaculate."

He was trembling now and breathing heavily.

"Have you ever been fucked like that before?" Uncle Charlie asked.

"Never. I mean ... I was fucked some when I was younger ... but I've never been fucked like Bobby fucks me." He looked at me and smiled shyly. I could see he was very obviously sexually aroused now.

"You're trembling professor. Like you want something. What do want right now?" Uncle Charlie asked softly. He knew exactly what he was doing. He was turning the professor on now. Teasing him.

"You know ... you know what I want." He hung his head and stared at the floor.

"Say it professor -- I wanna hear you say it straight out."

Head down, eyes closed, trembling, the professor shook his head and said nothing.

"Say it professor. If you want it, you're gonna' have to say it," said Uncle Charlie sternly.

Finally the professor said very softly, still looking at the floor, "I want Bobby to fuck me."

"Are we finished with all this "gay" shit?" Uncle Charlie asked.

The professor nodded, eyes still closed, head down.

"What are we supposed to call you?" Uncle Charlie asked.

"Call me ... anything you want to call me. Call me ... a fag ... call me a ... a cocksucker ... what ever you want to call me." He was trembling now. Submissive.

"That's better," said Uncle Charlie, now clearly dominant. "Okay professor, take your pants off and bend over the desk. We're gonna give you what you want. Bobby, why don't you fuck him first. Then I'll take my turn. I wanna check out this user-friendly asshole you've been telling me so much about."

I watched as the professor undressed and bent over the desk. His flaccid penis hung down like a useless ornament as he positioned himself to make his asshole easily available for me. I unzipped my fly and rubbed Vaseline on my cock. I was getting a hard on looking at the professor bent over, legs spread, and helpless.

"You're right Bobby," said Uncle Charlie. "His asshole really does look user-friendly. You been fuckin this fag three times a week?"

"Three, sometimes four," I said. "He acted like a spoiled bitch at first but I got him under control, just like you taught me, and now he behaves real nice. He looks forward to taking it up the ass on a regular basis. Don't you professor?"

We heard a muffled "Yes" from the other side of the desk. 

I barely had his little testicles in my hand before he was begging me to fuck him and saying please.

"You got him well trained," laughed Uncle Charlie. Then he walked around to the other side of the desk. "I want to see his face when you shove it up his ass."

The professor moaned softly when I shoved my cock into him and positioned himself to take me deep, humping backward to work with me. He was accustomed to the way I liked to fuck and he enjoyed it. I settled into a regular rhythm and he grunted each time the head of my cock rubbed his prostate. 

"Oh, he likes it Bobby," laughed Uncle Charlie. "You should see the look of satisfaction on his face. Yeah! And that little pecker of his is starting to get hard. Remember, I taught you to never let fags touch their pecker when you fuck 'em. Letting their pecker just hang there and bounce up and down makes 'em last longer and when they finally do come their ass holes squeeze your dick better. Atta boy, Bobby, fuck him. Fuck him deep. Show him he's not gay. Show him he's a fag who likes to take it right up the ass." 

I took my time and enjoyed fucking him. Uncle Charlie laughed when the professor finally ejaculated onto the front of his desk, groaning as he did so. I pumped my load deep into his rectum a moment later. Then I pulled out and sat down, looking at my cum, dripping out of his asshole and running down his testicles.

Uncle Charlie unzipped his fly and took out that thick uncircumcised cock. He was standing just inches from the professor's face when he did it. He stroked it till it got hard and then shook it, bouncing it against the professor's cheek. 

"Take a look at this, professor. You want this one?" Uncle Charlie laughed.

"Oh my God!" The professor sounded genuinely alarmed at the size of Uncle Charlie's cock. "I can't. It's too thick. I can't take one that thick."

Uncle Charlie continued to laugh. "Oh you'll take it all right. Just wait and see. You'll like it too. Bobby's cum will make a great lubricant. I got a thick one. You'll feel it, but you're gonna like it. You're really gonna like it."

He walked around and positioned himself between the professor's wide spread legs. Then as he had taught me to do he reached down and grabbed the professor's testicles and started to squeeze. Whimpering and moaning the professor begged to be fucked. Uncle Charlie put the head of his dick on the professor's asshole and roughly jammed it up into his rectum.

"Ahhh! Oh my God! Gentle! Please! Be gentle!" I had never heard the professor cry out this way before. That thick cock really got to him. Uncle Charlie began to pump his hips rapidly with a lot of force. The professor was getting a very rough fuck and his cries and moans continued for several minutes, but then they gradually lessened and he started to grunt each time he took that thick cock deep. Then he started pumping his ass back to drive Uncle Charlie's dick deeper up his ass. To my surprise, his little pecker started to get hard again. Jesus, I thought, the poor bastard likes that thick one. He's gonna come again! I still have a lot to learn about fags, but learning it is fun. Uncle Charlie knows all about them.

Uncle Charlie fucked him hard and after about five minutes the professor started to groan and I saw his little dick bounce up and down as he pumped another load of cum onto the polished wood front of his desk. Uncle Charlie grunted loudly as he ejaculated deep in the professor's rectum. This was turning me on. I looked down and my dick was getting hard again. I was ready for anther piece of the professor's user-friendly ass!

When Uncle Charlie pulled out I was standing there ready and without hardly missing a beat I rammed my sausage home. Then I got a surprise! The professor's asshole was as big and loose as a pussy now. It was dripping wet from Uncle Charlie's cum and very slippery. It had been stretched out wide by that thick dick. As I fucked him the professor started to groan and call my name.

"Oh God! Fuck me Bobby. Fuck me. God I need it! Please."

I was so turned on I just pounded away working hard to come again and enjoying a whole new feeling. The professor's anus was stretched out and loose just like a pussy and cum was dripping out around my cock as I fucked him, making wet, squishy sounds. He was humping his ass and pushing back toward me to get my dick deeper into him. The head of my cock was riding his prostate hard now and when I looked down his little pecker was erect and bouncing in the air with each stroke. The professor was really turned on and he reached back with one hand and tried to stroke his dick but Uncle Charlie was right there.

"No you don't professor. Keep your hands on the desk."

The professor was frantic now and humping hard. "Oh God I'm gonna come -- I'm gonna come. Please fuck me harder. Fuck me Bobby! Fuck me!"

He started to ejaculate at the same time I did and I could feel his asshole contract with each load of cum he pumped on to the front of his desk. Finally I collapsed, exhausted, on top of him, gasping for breath. 

I rested a few minutes, then raised up from the professor's body. I pulled my flaccid dick out of him and sat back in the chair, worn out. The professor just laid there across the desk, cum dripping out of his asshole and running down his balls. Finally, Uncle Charlie took him by the arm and helped him to stand up.

The professor gave Uncle Charlie a shy smile. "Thank you Charlie. I never had one that thick before. It felt really good. Please come back and see me if you get a chance."

"I will. Here's your shorts professor," said Uncle Charlie, "you can put your pants back on now." Then turning to me, he said, "You're right Bobby, the professor's asshole is stretched out just like a pussy now. You've been using him hard. But, I think he likes it. You do like it don't you professor?"

The professor buckled his belt, paused, and then looking at me, then back at Uncle Charlie he said, "Yes Charlie, I like it. I like it a lot. I'm glad Bobby found me and I'm glad you taught him how to handle ... well ... to handle ... ah ... fags." 

Uncle Charlie chuckled. "You see? That wasn't hard to say, was it? You're a fag and you enjoy getting fucked right up the ass don't you?"

The professor nodded. "Bobby's been very good to me. He hasn't told anyone about me and he hasn't made me fuck or suck any of his buddies. I have to be very careful you know. And, I haven't had to go out to that damn strip club and pick up strangers in the men's room. That's dangerous, you know. Sooner or later you get caught doing that."

"Yeah, professor, you're lucky you offered to blow Bobby at the club that night."

"I'm lucky I found him. Sometimes when I'm lecturing in class I look over at Bobby and think about that. Damn! He's so good looking! Six foot three and a body like Adonis. The girls all stare at him and I bet he could fuck any gal he wanted. Some of the guys stare at him too. Damn fags!"

"Fags? Why professor, I thought you wanted to call them gay," said Uncle Charlie chuckling.

"When they stare at my Bobby's crotch they're fags," said the professor angrily. Then he smiled. "But I know why they stare at him. He's beautiful you know. But I'm the one who knows how to please him. I'm the one who knows what he likes and I do it for him whenever he wants. Whatever her wants, whenever he wants it." 

Charlie nodded. "Bobby told me he had to break you in at first."

"Yeah, at first I started out acting like a spoiled little bitch. But it didn't take Bobby long to straighten me out. He just grabbed me by the balls and fucked me hard. He hurt me, but he broke me in real quick. I was sore for a week, but from then on I was a very cooperative and very obedient little bitch. I did whatever he wanted. I learned what he liked and how he liked it. How to ... how to please him ... you know."

"Yeah, professor I know. I taught him how to take control of fags and he learned it well. And you're glad he did aren't you?"

"Yes, I'm glad. Bobby's been good for me."

Uncle Charlie nodded. "Yeah professor. You're right. Bobby is good for you. He's an "A" student isn't he?"

"Bobby will always get an "A" in my classes," said the professor, looking over at me with a timid smile.

I was glad that Uncle Charlie had met the professor. Later Uncle Charlie complimented me on the way I had broken him in. Just as good, he told me, as he had done with that fag that lived next door to him. The one he had used to teach me about fags. But Uncle Charlie had still more to teach me. And before he left he gave me some advice.

"Now Bobby, you gotta make him deep throat," he said. "Make him strip and lay on his back on the desk with his head bent back over the edge. That way you can drop your pants and shove your dick right past his tonsils and down his throat. Use a little Vaseline. Your balls will be slappin' him right between the eyes. Fags love it when you do that. You can let that poor bastard jack off when you fuck him in the mouth. It's fun to watch a fag beat his little meat and pump a load of cum on his own belly while you're fuckin' him in the mouth. He'll be grateful to you. Yeah, that's next on your list. Fucking that cocksucker in the mouth -- deep throat. Next time I visit, maybe you'll have him ready to take this thick uncircumcised cock of mine that way -- deep throat. Yeah!"