 Chapter 1 - A Good Deed Is Its Own Reward

Disclaimer: This is fantasy.

Chapter synopsis: Chase, a narcissistic cheater and sadistic rapist, has a life-changing run-in with a man who has a penchant for mind control, fitting punishments, and long-term chastity.



A smartly-dressed, middle-aged woman walked into my office. She seemed familiar, although I didn't know where I recognized her from. She had an air of Hilary Clinton about her, although this woman was certainly prettier. Still, she had that businesslike, no-nonsense exterior about her which called to mind the former first lady.

She introduced herself as Vivian Warren. That's when I made the connection. She was one of "the" Warrens, a wealthy local family. The Warrens were well-known philanthropists and Vivian Warren was known in particular for her involvement with numerous different charities, most especially her NGO for beaten and battered women.

Though her reputation was as a self-sacrificing saint, I'd read enough minds to know that people were not always what they seemed. Still, it takes a lot of effort to read the mind of a total stranger and this was not a time when expending such effort was necessary. Instead, I stuck to my standard script for new clients. 

"My services aren't cheap," I informed her.

"Do you think I would be here if I couldn't afford them?"

She was right, of course. My business is recommended only by word of mouth and, in general, only the wealthy few who can afford my services know about them in the first place.

"Mrs. Warren," I began, "I am, of course, aware of your family's wealth. But perhaps you are not aware of the range of services I offer. Some are relatively inexpensive and you could no doubt write a cheque for them without blinking an eye. However, there are others that even someone with your means might hesitate to spend that much on."

This was not exactly the truth. I had no prices set in advance for specific kinds of services and I worked instead on more on a sliding scale. I usually charged according to the worthiness of the request. For example, something I enjoy doing, I charge relatively little for. But, when it comes to those tasks I don't fully agree with, I name a high price either to make it worth my while or to dissuade the client from making the request at all.

"What is it you need from me?" I inquired.

"My husband. Chase. I'm divorcing him..." She paused, considering what to say next. "I was a fool and didn't get him to sign a prenup before we were married last year. Now Chase expects to get half of everything. That cheating, lying bastard doesn't deserve a dime... I want you to convince him of this."

I was uncertain as to how much I should charge for this, or if I should even take on the request. While I had been offering my services in general for several years now, this was the first time I'd gotten a request like this.

I gave Vivian's mind a cursory reading. Nothing too deep or too difficult. I could tell that what motivated this request was not greed. She didn't care about the money on its own. It was not some vindictive desire to get even or get revenge, either. I sensed instead a deep hurt in her. This man had wounded her heart deeply and she could not accept that he could possibly benefit from this financially.

I hesitated. I felt sorry for her, but also didn't know if I wanted to introduce my powers to a lover's quarrel. I had in the past avoided dealing with matters of the heart because they often run so deep. Although you might think it would be simple to change Chase's mind and get him to relinquish his claim to half of Vivian's assets, this would be no easy task if he was also as emotionally invested in it as Vivian evidently was. Did he still feel love for her? Hate? Was he remorseful for his actions? Hiding his shame and guilt for cheating behind the standard antagonism of divorce proceedings? Navigating through these feelings would be difficult, even for someone with my powers.

Let me explain my "powers" to you. I am certainly not the only person in the world with these abilities. In fact, a good number of people have them, albeit only to a small degree. 

We all know people who seem to be able to convince almost anyone to do almost anything. Some of them might just be persuasive, but I have discovered that the vast majority of these "convincing" people have low-level telepathic abilities. However, because their abilities operate at such a low level, they themselves often don't even realize it and don't truly know how to turn it on and off. But they nonetheless go through life finding that people almost always do as they ask, never quite sure as to exactly why.

My abilities are more developed and also considerably rarer. Unlike those with low-level abilities, people like me with well-developed telepathic powers can make others do things that they would never choose to do. I can lay suggestions at a very deep level, changing fundamental thoughts and behaviours in those I target.

However, this isn't something I do often. This isn't an easy thing to do. The deeper the suggestion, the more mental strength it requires.

Some people come to me requesting changes in their own behaviour. For example, one man — a wealthy CEO — came to me so that he could finally quit smoking. This sounded simple at first, but when I entered his mind, I realized why he needed someone like me. His love of smoking — the taste, the smell, the feeling — ran very deep. He had a true passion for smoking; that first puff of a cigarette always gave him a relief and comfort he could get from no other thing. The thoughts, desires, and behaviours were so deeply laid, I almost passed out from exhaustion when I targeted them. It gave me one hell of a nose bleed. But I changed them, as promised. After that, he never touched a cigarette again.

More often my clients are somehow tied to politics. I have, therefore, convinced politicians to do things quite contrary to their usual modus operandi. But, don't get me wrong. I am a principled man: in general, I only make changes that coincide with my own values. So, I've never agreed to make a liberal politician suddenly believe that gay marriage is wrong, but I've made many a conservative suddenly "realize" that gays are deserving of full rights and equality, for example.

This is because I am a gay man myself. Which leads me back to the issue of lover's quarrels. Not only does love make mind control difficult in general, but my own lost love has left a lasting effect on me. Since Bryan left me, I can't explore the love in other people's minds without feeling weakened by it. It saddens me and brings up hurtful memories, often stopping my telepathic abilities in their tracks.

I had tried to control Bryan too much. I have very kinky predilections and consider myself a Dom. Although Bryan was naturally submissive, I pushed him too far. Where at first he was excited by the control I had over him, eventually he came to feel violated. I changed things in him that he didn't want to lose. I knew I was hurting him, but I couldn't stop myself. I was drunk on power. 

Then one day I came home to find this:

"I am sorry that I have to say this to you in a letter, Sir. But you and I both know this is the only way. If I tried to say it to you in person, you would stop me. You would make me forget that I was going to say this at all. You would scatter the thoughts in my mind and I might never again be able to say what I need to say. It's exactly that control of my true thoughts about us which has destroyed the love we once had. I loved you and chose to obey you. But when I could no longer choose, when my very thoughts and desires were dictated by you, I lost a part of myself. I have to leave now while I still remember who I am. I hope one day you find the boy you really need, because we both know now that I'm not him."

I chose not to pursue him. Although I can place long-lasting suggestions in the minds of others, new suggestions require me to be right in the room with the person whose mind I'm entering. For example, wherever Bryan is today, the instructions I implanted deep in his mind so long ago are no doubt still there: I'm certain that when someone spanks him now, he still automatically says, "Please Sir, may I have another?" just as I programmed him to do. But if I wanted to change anything else about him or implant any new thoughts, I would have to be right where he is.

I could have tracked him down, forced him to come back. But I knew he was right. I took things too far. I was heartbroken and ashamed of what I'd done to him. Since then, I feel so weak when I see affairs of the heart in the minds of others.

Still, when Vivian came to me, this was a new request. I admit, I was intrigued. Perhaps enough time had passed and I could once again change deep feelings, if those were indeed what motivated Chase's actions. I was growing tired of always dealing with politicians and CEOs. A wife seeking justice in the face of her cheating husband's attempts to rob her, this sounded interesting.

However, I didn't commit to anything right there and then. I wasn't sure if I wanted to do this or not. Despite Vivian's insistence that she would pay whatever I asked, I stood firm and told her I would need to meet with her (soon-to-be ex) husband before I named a price.

It was surprisingly easy to get Chase to come to me later that day. It seemed he fancied himself an "actor" now. I made a few calls and, through his agent, got him to come to my office for a "potential casting."

When I met Chase, I immediately understood several things. He was a great deal younger than Vivian Warren. Where Vivian was a gracefully aging middle-aged woman, Chase was a devilishly handsome and clearly fit twenty-something. Obviously he started out as Vivian's boy toy and seduced and weaselled his way into a marriage with her. 

His good looks, his winning smile, his confident swagger: these things also explained to me why he was an "actor" now. He didn't need the money, but clearly thought he deserved to be in front of the camera. He knew he was looker and he wanted everyone else to know, too.

While I got that from looking at him, I got a lot more from reading his mind.

Chase's handshake was firm. He clearly thought of himself an assertive, alpha type. I speculated even then that this was overcompensation for his short stature, since he only stood about 5'6". 

I told him the casting was for a reality dating show. I made up the details. What I specified was that the show would be partially scripted and he would be playing a version of himself. So, the casting would involve me asking several questions about him and his life.

I set up a camera, although it wasn't really on. In fact, I didn't care how Chase even responded to these questions verbally. The point wasn't to hear what he said, but to read his mind as he turned it to these various subjects.

What I realized very quickly was that Chase was pretty on the outside, but monstrous on the inside.

"Are you single?" was my first question.

He prattled on about "dumping some chick" who was holding him back. I could see his relationship with Vivian as he said this. I could see how he seduced her, played her, manipulated her, and finally exploited her vulnerabilities and insecurities to get her money. He had never felt any love for her. He had used her without compunction or regret.

"Okay, great. And what kind of woman do you usually go for?"

His thoughts turned to dozens of women he had been fucking for last year while he was married to Vivian. Again, he blabbed some inane answer, talking about how he liked busty, slutty Latinas.

I saw all the cheating. But I wasn't prepared for exactly what I saw there. 

Some of it was what I expected: picking up floozies here and there and bedding them in sleazy motels.

What I didn't expect were the rapes he committed. I saw how this cocky bastard had forced himself on the hired help at the Warren family's estate. Whenever a pretty new girl came into the Warren household to work, Chase would not take "no" for an answer. He forced himself on dozens of girls, fucking them in brutal and humiliating ways. He threatened to fire them if they told. And then he found some way to get rid of them even if they did keep his secret.

The worst was what he did to a girl named Juanita. Not even 19 years old yet, she lost her virginity to Chase. It was rape; Chase had no doubts about that when he did it. Even after Juanita had realized there was no way to stop him from fucking her that first time, she pleaded for him to put on a condom. He had laughed derisively, told her that he needed to really feel her. He needed to feel her from the inside, he said. And he wanted to mark her. He was going to fuck her and she would never forget how he laid his claim to her cunt.

To make matters worse, she became pregnant after he forced himself on her. When Juanita told Chase, he forced her to have an abortion and then planted one of Vivian's necklaces in her pocket next time she came to their household. Vivian discovered this and fired Juanita for "trying to steal from her," not realizing how they had both been used and manipulated by Chase.

I tried not to let it show on my face how shocked I was. Thankfully, even if I did show it, Chase was so self-involved that he didn't notice. I could tell all his thoughts were on how he looked at that moment, not really caring to study my face in the least.

I wanted to get to the root of Chase's behaviour. I asked a bold question to uncover the motivation behind his manipulations and his rapes.

I smiled warmly at him. "Well, I'm sure we can set you up with a busty Latina girl if that's what you're into. But I don't know if I can promise you a 'slutty' one!" I chuckled, feigning camaraderie. Chase smiled at this, evidently pleased that I understood he intended to fuck any woman he was going to date on this "reality show."

"If I can set you up with a 'slutty one,' we obviously can't show too much on TV. But if you fuck her, we'll need to get a couple shots of something. Can you give me a sense of what kind of sex it would be?"

Chase, unrepentant narcissist that he is, was more than pleased to tell me all about his sadistic sexual tastes. What I gathered from both his very graphic descriptions and from reading his mind was this:

Chase knew how to seduce a woman. And he knew how to be gentle and loving. But that was all an act, a far cry from his true desires. The gentle and loving sex was what he did with Vivian to pull the wool over her eyes. But what he did with all those other women was brutal.

Chase liked to fuck rough. He didn't just get "blow jobs," but rather fucked women's mouths and throats, not caring whether or not they enjoyed it. In fact, my mind-reading suggested he wanted them to hate it and he wanted it to hurt them. He always fucked women roughly, both in their cunts and up their asses. He never wore a condom and almost always came inside the women he fucked. I wondered how many other women aside from Juanita he had gotten pregnant, but I didn't dig into his mind to find out.

While Chase was singly focused on shooting his load into these women, he cared not one bit for their pleasure. He preferred their screams to their moans. All he cared about was his own pleasure.

By reading his mind, I realized what the motivation was. It all came down to a shockingly disproportionate love for his own cock. He thought it was God's gift to the world. He thought he fucked like a superstar.

But in that love, there was also a deep-seated insecurity. He was ashamed of a particular "shortcoming." The biggest issue for Chase in the size department was that he was a "grower," and not a "show-er" in the least. His flaccid penis was undeniably a tiny little nub. When he got hard, his cock grew to a fair 6". Thus, he overcompensated. He didn't want these women to think of him as the man with a tiny, flaccid penis. He wouldn't let anyone think he was that kind of sub-par man. Instead, he was the man with the powerful cock that destroyed women's cunts, mouths, and asses.

He compensated for this concern over possible inferiority by making himself a "superior" in every other way. The confident, assertive swagger he walked with. The dominant, aggressive fucking. All the time he spent at the gym to give himself a strong, muscular body. Owning the cunts of these women by shooting his loads deep inside. Making his cock the thing which destroyed their bodies and ruined their lives.

I was appalled. A rage boiled inside me. This self-absorbed man-child used women like tissues, ruined lives without a second thought. And to top this all off, he thought he deserved half the assets of the wealthy woman he had tricked into loving him!

This was unjust. 

Someone had to do something about it. No, not just "someone." I had to do something about it. Chase needed to be taught a lesson and I was going to do it.

So many ideas came into my mind. But I couldn't act now, I would need time to prepare to make sure this punishment would fit the crime. I would gather what I needed and I would make sure justice would be done.

Again, I feigned camaraderie to finish the "casting." I wanted to get Chase out of there now so I could start preparing to deliver the punishment he so deserved. As much as I wanted to tell Chase then and there that he was the scum of the earth and that I would make him feel that because he deserved to feel that, I stuck to the script I had prepared.

"Okay, well, thank you for coming in, Chase. I think this audition went really well. I'll be in touch soon. I can safely say that I know exactly who to pair you with. As I explained before, it's a reality show, but you'll be playing a different version of yourself. I've got lots of ideas and I think I know exactly how I'm going to cast you."

Chase seemed elated. Finally, he'd be on TV! And audiences nationwide would see what a handsome, manly stud he was.

Chase would, of course, never be on TV, but he will have an audience in due time. And they'll see a very different side of him. He's going to be cast in exactly the role he deserves for the rest of his life.

We shook hands again and he departed. The first thing I did was call Vivian.

"I can name a price."

I explained to her what I knew now. I told her that he wasn't simply cheating on her, but that he was raping countless women. And then I told her what I was going to do to him. She readily agreed to my price and told me to let her know if I wanted anything else at all.

I headed home to get what I needed. I opened the box of things Bryan had left behind. I no longer felt pain when I looked at them. I was no longer weakened by thoughts of lost love. Instead, I was empowered by a sense of justice. I felt stronger than I ever had before. I seriously wondered how much I could do with my powers when I felt such strength in me. I would find out shortly.

I made my way to Chase's building. He had written his address on the "casting forms." I had no doubt that his condo was expensive. After all, one of the Warrens had been living there before Chase weaselled his way in. Chase himself had been living there — in luxury, no doubt — since Vivian kicked him out of the family estate.

I buzzed the intercom. Although he was surprised that the "casting director" was here, I made up some excuse about being in the neighbourhood and wanting to discuss his "future role" with him. He buzzed me right in, likely having no idea how his life was about to change forever.

I greeted him warmly as he let me. I was pleased to see that he was wearing very little, even though the jogging pants he had on at that moment were a lot more than he would wear ever again.

I was right about him being fit. No doubt he answered the door in this state of undress because he wanted me to see the "manly, muscular body" that he was so keen to show audiences worldwide.
