 Chapter synopsis: Our narrator expands Chase's hell beyond his home, Chase's new wardrobe beyond the one jockstrap, and Chase's virgin asshole beyond its normal size.

*********

"I'm not going out like this!"

How long was it going to take Chase to figure out that he didn't have a choice? I wasn't "asking" him to do anything. I was telling him.

"Come on, man! Listen. I get it, okay? I know you want to be in charge or whatever. But I'm gonna get arrested if I go in public dressed like this!"

"And I'm supposed to care because...?"

"Oh, come on! I'll go with you wherever you want if you just give me something else to wear. I know your clothes must be in some of those boxes. You've gotta have something I can put on."

"You know, Chase, you're right. I do have something for you to wear."

He perked up at this, a confident smile appearing on his face. He must have thought he'd finally won a fight with me, reasoned his way out of his humiliation.

But the confident smile faltered when I walked right by the boxes and instead starting rummaging through a bag I'd set by the front door: my purchases from The Market de Sade.

I pulled out a studded dog collar and leash. They were both the same shade of red as Chase's jockstrap.

I turned to him and beamed. "Now, don't go telling me I don't have your best interests at heart. After all, it took me an extra 10 minutes to find one that would match the colour of your jock!"

His smile was long gone, replaced by an indignant sneer. "Dude. No fucking way!"

I mimicked his tone in derision. "Dude. Yes fucking way!"

I was getting tired of this back-and-forth. I wanted to get to The Market de Sade before they closed. I knew it would take some extra concentration, but I could speed this up with a mental command. It took a couple tries, but I got it through: "Put. It. On."

Once I'd laid the command, Chase sprung into action like a marionette once more. He ran right over to me and carefully donned his collar.

"Good boy," I said, giving him a pat on the head.

"Fuck off!"

I wondered briefly if I'd taken on more than I could handle with Chase. I didn't think I'd have to put up with his snarky attitude this much. Maybe this wasn't worth the time and effort.

But then I remembered what he did. Then I remembered who he was. He was cheater. He was a crook. He was trickster. He was a rapist. And he felt no guilt for being any of those things. Self-love still reigned supreme in his mind.

That energized me once more. I wasn't doing this for myself. I was doing this for the world.

With renewed power, I commanded: "FOLLOW. ME."

I took the leash and led the way out.

Chase was, of course, powerless to stop his legs from moving. But he continued yapping with that mouth: "No, no, no! Come on! I'll be good now, I promise. I'll do whatever you want! Just don't make me go out like this!"

I ignored him and continued walking at a steady pace down the hall to the elevator.

"Come on, we can't do this! One of my neighbours is gonna see me! Someone is gonna call the cops on me!"

I yanked his leash and pulled him along into the elevator.

"Chase, I already told you. I don't care if you spend the night in prison for your indecent exposure. In fact, I think I'd really like it if you had to spend the night in there. They'd probably put you in a cell with a bunch of horned-up, lowlife thugs. And with your little cock locked up and your naked ass on display, we both know exactly what they'd do to you."

That shut him up for the ride down to the ground floor.

As we stepped out of the elevator, I turned to him and added: "My only regret would be that I wouldn't get to be the first man to fuck you up the ass."

There were two young women standing in the lobby. They heard my comment to Chase and had a good look at how he was dressed — or, more accurately, "undressed." One of them blushed and tittered, the other just stared in disbelief: surely no one would really walk out in public like that? But they made no comment and neither did I. Chase simply held his head low in shame and followed behind me as they watched this surreal scene play out in front of them.

We made our way to my car. "Get in the back," I told him. This was a verbal command, but he obeyed. I think I'd worn him down for the time being. That attitude wouldn't flare up again for a while.

I hopped in the driver's seat and started us on our way. We sat in silence for several minutes. Chase was the one who spoke first:

"You're not serious about fucking me up the ass, are you?"

I didn't reply right away. I focused on driving, made him wait for a response.

"Chase, if I keep that cage on your cock as for long as I have planned, soon enough you're going to be begging me to fuck you up the ass just so you can get some kind of relief." 

I let that sink in for a minute as I moved us into another lane of traffic. "But it doesn't really matter if you ever ask me for it nicely. The answer is yes, Chase. Yes, I'm going to fuck you up the ass. I'm going to fuck you up the ass hard and I'm going to fuck you up the ass a lot." 

I turned onto a different street, again pausing my speech so every word would really sink in. "In fact, a lot of men are going to fuck you up the ass. Think of how many women you've fucked in your life and then multiply that number by ten." I paused. "Now multiply that new number by a hundred. That's how many men are going to ram their rock hard cocks into your tight little behind." 

I pulled into the parking lot of The Market de Sade. "You'd better get used to the idea now, Chase. In time, you'll come to understand your cock isn't even a sexual organ anymore. When it comes to sex, your ass is all that matters now."

Chase said nothing. I don't know what he felt. I didn't want to waste my energy reading his mind. Maybe he didn't believe me. Maybe he was desperately plotting an escape. Or maybe he'd finally given up and accepted the situation.

I put the car in park. "We're here."

I got out and went to open Chase's door. As I'd expected, he didn't jump out when I opened it. In fact, he scooted over to the other end of the back seat, withdrawing from the open door.

"Where are we?"

"You'll see. Come on." I picked up my end of Chase's leash and started walking. Chase was, of course, still helpless to resist my earlier command and he hopped right out of the car to follow me. I lingered next to the car for a minute before closing the door behind him and then leisurely meandered across the parking lot to the store's entrance. Chase was mortified, no doubt. I was drawing out as long as I could the time he spent outside, exposed like this in broad daylight.

The eyes of the man behind the counter lit up when we walked in.

"Hey! Welcome back!" He came right over to us. "I guess this must be your new boy," he said, giving Chase a once-over.

I yanked Chase's leash to pull him in closer. "Oh, and what makes you say that?" I asked in good humour.

We both had a laugh at that. Chase blushed, looked at his feet, probably wishing with all his heart that he could wake up from this nightmare.

The sales attendant tried to engage Chase in a handshake. "I'm Jeff," he said. Chase didn't reciprocate. He just continued to look down, still mortified by the situation.

Jeff turned back to me. "I guess he doesn't say much?"

"No. Thank God he's at least good to look at!" We laughed again.

"Yeah, I can see that," Jeff replied, ogling Chase all over. "Thanks for bringing him in like this. Most people are afraid to go out like that in public. But it really does the kink community a service when guys like you are open about who you are."

"I take serving my community very seriously. It's only right that we be honest about who we are. Right, Chase?"

Still nothing. Ah, well. I suppose this stone-walling was better than his belly-aching.

"Sorry, Jeff. Chase is a little shy... Well, except when it comes to his body, obviously!" Another chuckled was shared between us.

"So, I guess you're here to pick up your purchases? They're still in the back if you want to check them out and make sure everything's okay before you take them home."

"Great, thanks. Lead the way." I followed Jeff and Chase followed me to the store's back room. We passed by several men on the way back, all of them very paying close attention to Chase, all the naked flesh he had on display, and the humiliating way he was dressed.

I saw most of my purchases laid out on a large desk in the back.

"Which one do you want to try on first, Chase?"

Chase looked nauseated when he saw what was laid out. His hell was growing and growing.

On the table were the professionally-personalized jockstraps I'd requested that morning. All the colours of the rainbow, with two words written on all of them in a wide array of fonts. On the back of each one: CHASE. On the front: CHASTE.

"None of them," muttered Chase.

"Oh! So, you can speak after all?!" Jeff playfully remarked.

"Chase, it's okay. I know you probably want to model all of them for me at home tonight. But it's okay if you try one on right now. They're all the same style. Let's make sure it fits." I looked over the selection on the table. If Chase wasn't going to pick one, I would choose for him.

I picked one up. "How about you try on this one?" 

"No. No way." Chase wasn't making a big scene and I was thankful for that. But I couldn't let "my boy" openly disobey me in front of Jeff. After all, I apparently had a "reputation" to maintain for my fans in the kink community.

I had, of course, picked one of the most humiliating ones. But I thought this was only fair, seeing as Chase had declined to select one on his own. Although the wide waistband was just a plain white, the pouch at the front was thin mesh material in hot pink.

I tried to issue a mental command, but instead I felt lightheaded. Perhaps I really had maxed out my powers for the day.

I took a seat so I wouldn't fall right over. I tried to do this as inconspicuously as possible. I don't think either Jeff or Chase suspected anything was wrong, just that I had casually decided to sit down.

I guess I would have try to persuade Chase with my words.

"Chase, it would make me really happy if you would try this on for me here. And didn't you say earlier that you want to keep me happy?" I paused and looked him dead in the eyes. "After all, you know what happens when I'm not happy."

No doubt his thoughts returned to the violent spanking he received earlier that afternoon. His ass was still a little red, but unfortunately it wasn't so red that it attracted attention. His humiliation here would have to come from things other than a red bottom.

He acquiesced. "Okay... Whatever. If it will keep you happy." He took the hot pink jockstrap from me. "Where can I change into this?"

"Right here," I replied.

"Uh... I, uh... Isn't there a change room?"

Jeff laughed. "Well, yeah. But you're showing so much skin already. You aren't really going to tell me you're feeling modest all of a sudden?"

"Come on, Chase. Just do it here. Make me happy."

Chase swallowed hard and reached for the waistband of the jock he had on. I must have really done a number on him earlier today if he was willing to do this without any telepathic coercion whatsoever. Yet, after the brutal ass-beating, the freezing of every muscle in his body for almost an hour, and then the repeated public humiliations he'd been subjected to throughout the afternoon, I would have been more surprised if he was still going to disobey me.

He again hung his head low and pulled down his red jock, exposing his shame once more.

Jeff's eyes lit up. "Ooh!" He moved in closer, bent down to carefully inspect Chase's groin. "Is that a CB-3000 or CB-6000?" He reached right out and grabbed at Chase's cock cage. Chase, of course, drew back immediately and covered his crotch with his hands. "Oh, sorry there, buddy. Didn't mean to overstep my bounds! You just caught me off guard with the chastity device. I just love seeing a boy locked up in one."

That's when I noticed the necklace around Jeff's neck: like mine, it held a key. Though that could mean many things, Jeff's excitement over Chase's caged cock suggested to me that I'd found a kindred spirit here.

"That's the 3000," I informed him. "It's smaller than the 6000, so it fits Chase's little nub a lot better."

"Yeah, I could see he's pretty small," Jeff replied nonchalantly, not realizing that this would be a huge blow to Chase's ego. So far, only I had told Chase how pathetic his flaccid cock was. Maybe he could doubt one person. But now a total stranger concurred without batting an eyelash. "Is that why you ordered in the CB-6000S?"

"You got it."

"Yeah, it looks like his is still a bit loose. Half an inch less will make a big difference."

Chase's eyes widened and he went as white as a ghost, realizing that I intended to trap his cock in an even smaller cage.

"Anyway, I bet the smaller size will fit him like a glove," Jeff added.

"Speaking of fits, don't you want to model your new jock for me, Chase? I know Jeff here is enjoying your total nudity, but you know how I don't like seeing your so-called dick unless I need a laugh."

I know he didn't want to wear that jockstrap, but he definitely wanted something to cover himself with. He stepped right into it and pulled it right up over his locked-up cock.

It fit perfectly. I'd chosen just right.

The pouch on this hot pink jock was smaller and more transparent than the red one's. The outline of his chastity cage was entirely clear through the material.

The waistband was larger on this one. The dark black letters against stark white background made the word impossible to miss: CHASTE.

"Come on, Chase. Show us the back."

Chase reluctantly turned around.

Yes, it really was the perfect fit.

Above his ass: "CHASE." His butt was framed just right. I didn't think it was possible to improve on Chase's perky behind, but this jock gave it that "bubble butt" look.

It made me want to reach out and touch it. So I did.

My lightheadedness having now passed, I stood up and moved right behind Chase, giving him a firm slap on the ass.

He yelped and jumped at least a foot forward. Jeff and I had a good laugh at this.

"You look great, Chase," I told him.

"I feel ridiculous," Chase muttered, hands gently rubbing his stinging cheeks.

"Oh, I can tell why." I turned back to Jeff. "You see, Jeff, Chase here is such a fussy boy. He picked out that red jock earlier to match the red collar I put on him. And now the colours just don't work."

Chase shot me a dirty look, but said nothing. He was still holding himself in check.

"Say, Chase. Wouldn't you like to pick out another collar while we're here?" I shot him a wicked smile. "Jeff, maybe you can lead the way for us."

"Sure, no problem." Jeff led and I followed. My earlier command still worked on Chase and his legs immediately went into motion as I passed him and grabbed his leash.

"Wow, look at all the choices!" I prodded at Chase. "I bet you just want to take one of each home with us, huh?"

No response. Chase was stone-walling me again.

"Oh, I know why you aren't saying anything. You're just afraid to ask. But, the answer is yes. You can have more than one." I started to pick a few off their pegs.

Chase simply glared at me.

"How about you wear a hot pink one home? I'm sure that will satisfy your fashion sense."

I unhooked his red collar and replaced it with a pink one.

"Now, I think we should get a few neutral colours too." I picked a few more off their pegs. "Black goes with everything, right?"

Nothing.

I said it again with an added edge to my voice, now returning Chase's glare: "Right, Chase?"

He gave in. "Yeah. Yeah, okay. Let's get some black ones."

Jeff jumped in. "You don't sound very happy, Chase. Aren't you grateful for what your Master is doing for you? He's being very generous."

"He's not my —"

I cut in. "Oh, he is grateful. He just doesn't like me spoiling him like this. You know what some of these sub boys can be like... Sometimes they think they only deserve pain and punishment. It can take a while to teach them they deserve so much more than just that." I winked at Chase.

"Yeah, I hear ya. I've had a couple boys like that," Jeff replied. "You gotta balance the pain and pleasure, ya know?"

"Exactly," I said, nodding in agreement. I turned back to Chase, holding up the collars again. "Nothing but the best for my boy, right?"

"Okay, yeah... Just get me whatever you think 'I deserve'." There was an edge to this comment and a subtext that Jeff likely missed. But the thing was, even though Chase wasn't really a sub boy I was lovingly spoiling as Jeff had assumed, he really did deserve to wear all these dog collars. Albeit, for different reasons.

Finally, I pulled down a white leash and hooked that up to Chase's pink collar.

"There. I think that matches well. Why don't you have a look for yourself?"

I led Chase toward a full-body mirror on the other side of the store and Jeff excused himself to go help some other customers.

"Holy shit," Chase muttered in disbelief when he saw himself. "I look fucking ridiculous."

"Perfect. That's exactly the look I was going for when I picked out your outfit. If you thought what you wore in here was embarrassing, you're really going to hate our trek home!"

Chase lowered his head and covered his face. I heard a small sob. "Why are you doing this to me?" he croaked.

I leaned to his ear and whispered: "Because this is what you deserve."

He sobbed again, but sucked it up. He wasn't going to cry. He held it back, composed himself, attempted to hold on to some shred of dignity and masculinity. He wasn't going to lose it in front of all these people in the store. He wasn't going to lose it in front of me... Yet.

I pulled Chase up to the checkout where Jeff had already brought out the jockstraps. I laid out the collars we were buying and pulled out the price tags for the collar and leash Chase had on.

As he finished ringing me through, Jeff looked up and smiled. "Like I said this morning, I'm really glad you've found a new boy." He handed me my bags. "You two make a really cute couple."

I smiled and thanked him for everything, pulling Chase back through the store slowly, letting everyone get another good look at him.

Jeff's comments brought up mixed feelings in me again. Someone else was happy for me. Maybe the whole "kink community" was going to be happy for me. Jeff thought I was happy, that I'd found a new boy. But, truth be told, I still pined for the one I'd lost.

I led Chase to the car slowly once more, but it was less fun this time. It was growing dark and the parking lot wasn't well lit. I doubt anyone got a look at him. I was disappointed.

The ride home was quiet. I was still deep in thought. Chase was likely licking his wounds.

More disappointment back at my building. We didn't see anyone this time and Chase didn't seem as mortified, despite being dressed in an even more humiliating way. Perhaps he was finally starting to accept his fate?

When we got in, I took off his collar and held it up in front of his face. "Whenever we go out, it's going to be just like that. You're never going to wear any more than a jockstrap. And if you're stepping foot outside our home, you will always be collared and I will always be holding the leash. Got it?"

"Fine. Sure. Whatever..." Chase grumbled, still holding his head low.

"Good. Now, go make us dinner."

"I don't cook," responded Chase matter-of-factly.

"Remember all the hired help at the Warren estate? Not just the ones you raped and whose lives you ruined, but all of them. I know you treated them all like shit. You had them all waiting on you hand and foot. Well, now it's your turn. Go make me dinner." 
