 I was suddenly intrigued with all the little gadgets and folders on my cell phone. Well, not so much intrigued as I was mildly distracted. I'd just gotten off the phone with Jess who seemed to be having a splendid time somewhere on a side of Waikiki that I would know very little about. She wanted some girl time which was fine with me because it allowed Dave and I to do our own thing that night as well.

It was fun for a few hours, having a few drinks at a few strip clubs around the area, but it was wearing on me quickly. There were too many women who were too beautiful wearing too little and I was feeling dirtier and dirtier. I was also having serious difficulty containing myself in my shorts and the blind urge to take the next person I saw and ravage them was not being helped by drinking. I told Dave that I was going to head back to the hotel because I was tired and that he, having met a few beach-type men to toy with, should not feel the urge to follow me.

He saw right through it, of course. The man knew me far too well, but he also knew that I knew he was in no position to leave a situation where he was the focus of two virile, bronzed and exceedingly interested men. So he let me slip out under the advice that I "don't bother sleeping." I had no intention, in fact my aims were much to the contrary.

What felt like an uncontrollable erection at the time was apparently inconspicuous enough that it drew no attention as I made my way through the mass of beautiful, nubile flesh that lined my way back to the hotel, although it was also there enough that it also drew an incredibly flirty wink from Dave as I left. I kept my mind as clear as possible, trying to contain the thoughts of all the nudity I had been ogling that night and the three hot men that would most likely be fucking each others' brains out in the hotel room next to mine, not to mention the fact that my girlfriend and Brooke were probably taking tequila shots out of each others' pussies right now, and espectially trying to tune out the idea of what I was going to do with the binoculars in my room which I had brought for only one reason. I made it into the elevator up the 18 floors by myslef, a loud "ding!" and then the thoughts I was repressing for 6 blooks flooded out of my brain, directly into my penis.

I had a solid erection by the time I made it to my room. All my sexual organs were swelling, begging for some kind of release as I immediately pulled off my clothes, pausing for a moment to admire my new tan and my throbbing cock that begged me for something dirty. I grabbed the pair of binoculars and, leaving the lights off, headed out onto the balcony, pauding to grab my cell phone in an attempt to call Jess. The call made it through.

"Hello love!" said a voice among a lot of noise.

"Hello! How's my sexy Jess doing?"

"Mmmmm... pretty drunk right now. Brook and I have these guys around our fingers."

"I'd bet. Be safe though."

"Aaah, you know I always am!"

"Still though, I'll feel better when I know you are."

"You're so cute when you worry! What're you up to?"

"Good god, I'm horny."

"Mmmm... I like that. What do you plan on doing?"

"Well, I'm out on the balcony and I think I might do a little spying. Dave hooked two incredible guys so I'm sure he's going to bring them back, and if you're not back by then, I might have to join in."

"Quit making me horny! I think Brook and I might shove off somewhere and fuck each other silly. Besides it sounds me like you want cock tonight anyway."

"I want anything right about now."

"Well you go have your fun. It's gonna be at least two hours before I'm sober enough to drive."

"I'll still be hard."

"You better be! I have sucked you off in a few days!"

"Trust me, I have plenty tonight, I'm almost in pain."

"Well hell you should be spying on people by now! I'll let you go, Brooke wants me."

"She always does."

"You like it!"

"Okay. I'll talk to you later!"

"I love you!"

"I love you too!"

And that was that. My phone beeped charmingly and I flipped through a few options on it, mildly distracted by the gadgets and folders inside it.

Then I noticed something moving in the corner of my eye. I looked down to see what it was. There were many, many hotels to see from the view in my balcony, and a few shorter condo buildings closer to me. On the top floor of one of these buildings was a man casually undressing. His body was nice enough, but I was especially excited to see that, apon removing his underwear, he had shaved his penis completely. I grabbed the binoculars with one had, pleasuring the head of my cock, massaging the cum that oozed out into my shaft as I observed his handsome member. He quickly pulled pants over himself and left the area of my view, leaving me desparate for mroe unsuspecting exhibitions.

I scoured the hotel windows with my binoculars and came across a black lady undressing herself. Her breasts held perky as she took off her bra. I started to stroke as she turned and removed her panties, allowing me to admire her profile as she stepped languidly out of view.

Damn! People aren't cooperating! I searched around for a while, getting arousing but hardly satisfying glimpses of naked women and men, but they never stayed in sight for me to really get into my masturbation. But, with a little perserverence, I finally struck gold.

In one of the hotels about 500 feet away I found a woman sucking diligently on her man's cock. I focused in on the action, stroking myself slowly, trying to contain the explosion that begged to come out of me. As she worked his big dick in and out of her mouth, I imagined one in mine, dribbling its little drops onto my tongue. I thought back to those boys Dave had been with at the bar, imagining their hot, naked bodies on me and their hard cocks taking turns in my mouth. I imagined myself as the woman I was watching, sucking passionately on the cock in her mouth, sticking her tight ass in the air, spread, inviting someone to penetrate her.

To my surprise, another man stepped into the scene, and I could tell even through the binoculars that his cock was beautiful. His long, sleek shaft climbed up to the thick, cum-drenched head in perfect symmetry. He walked up to the girl and set his cock on eye level with her. She pulled her mouth off of the other man to suck on him hard and fast. The other man got up and situated himself behind her, sliding his cock into her and quickly started ramming away. I could almost feel the force with which he fucked her as I slid my fingers up and down my penis, occasionally sliding down to finger my ass while I dreamed of men gathered around me, hard as rocks, ready to fill me up like the woman I was watching. I felt like a total slut, wanting endless lines of men and women to just come up and use me. I wanted to cum so much.

But I wanted to see how she took these men's loads. I contained myself, seeing as how by now both of these men looked about ready to blow. I could see by the look on her face that she was cumming. The penis was out of her mouth and the man was jacking it off furiously over her face, and the other man was pounding her as fast as he could. My own cock was rock hard and ready to blow at any time when they were ready. Finally I saw the man pull out of her and start to jerk off along with the other man. I felt myself going over the edge, watching as they shot their loads on her tits and her face. She took one cock, still cumming, into her mouth and sucked hard on it letting the other man shoot the rest of his cum onto her body. With that I finally let loose, watching my semen shoot onto my chest and stomach, thinking of men shooting their load onto me, filling me up. I wanted more.

I wanted those two guys to come back with Dave.

But first I figured I should clean up quickly. I hopped into the shower with my pyrex dildo and washed my cum off of me. I let the water cascade over me for a few minutes before sitting down in the tub. Easing myself back against the back of the tub, I propped my legs on the sides of the tubs, lifting my ass up slightly into the air. Feeling the water beat lightly against my tight hole, I took my dildo and probed around it, poking it in a little and massaging my anus for while. Finally, with a little determination I pushed the dildo in, letting out a sigh of pleasure while I felt my muscles tense and relax around it, feeling the smooth coldness of the dildo jolt me awake a little. I let it sit inside me for a moment while I played with my nipples, sliding my hands down my soft, hairless body and caressing my stiffening cock. With one hand I pulled the dildo out slowly and pushed it back in, working myself back into an erection.

My thoughts drifted off into imagining myself on top the cock of one of those beach men. I was sliding up and down his shaft as the other man and Dave pumped endless amounts of cum on my body from their perfectly proportioned cocks, squirting from their thick heads on me. I sat in the shower and teased myself for a few minutes, waiting for them to finally arrive in the room next to mine.

Eventually, I heard a ruckus outside my room and figured it was them. I raced out of the shower, dildo still in me, to look out the peep hole and see who it was. Sure enough it was them, a little inebriated, and hardly able to keep their hands off of each other as Dave unlocked the door. I immediately ran back to the bathroom, toweling myself off quickly and pulling the dildo from my ass, washing it and setting it aside. I wrapped the towel around me, trying to cover my huge, pounding erection. I checked outside the peep hole again to see if there was anyone around. The coast was clear, and I slipped out of the room, tiptoeing to Dave's room. To my surprise the door was left slightly ajar and I could hear a little noise, as if belts were being unbuckled. They were expecting me.

I looked around me to see if anyone was coming out of their room, then peered through the door quietly to see what was going on. The three of them were rapidly undressing each other, kissing each other wildly. My heart raced in anticipation and I sneaked into the room, closing the door behind me. They all looked over in mild surprise, then calmed down when they saw it was me.

"I thought so," Dave giggled. "Really quick, this is Steve, and this is James. Now let's fuck."

Steve was a bit more built than James. His muscles were sleek and his abs were prominent, his torso was hairless to show off the ripples. By this point he was dressed only in briefs, out which poked a very thick, hard penis that matched mine in length. James, the more slender, more of a swimmer's body, had a bit darker of a tan, and apon removing his shorts exposed an impressive 9 inches of smooth dick that he immediately started to fondle. Dave was naturally already naked and stroking Steve, licking his chest and waiting for me to join. All I could do was stand there and stroke my cock for a few moments taking in what I was seeing.

Finally I approached the bed and unwrapped my towel. I started by grabbing James' giant cock and stroking it for him, kissing up his neck while I laid him back on the bed. I kissed down his body, licking around his nipples for a while, then proceeding down to his glistening shaft, taking as much of it into my mouth as I could. He arched his back and let out a soft moan as I licked the precum off of him. I looked over to see Dave sitting down and watching me while Steve was sucking his cock.

"I want you all to save your cum for me," I moaned while I sucked on James.

"Mmmmm... that's right. You're a cumslut." Dave responded, heaving a sharp gasp as Steve shoved a finger in his ass.

"Yes... I want it all."

Dave and James started kissing while I sucked on him. Then I felt a hand caressing my ass; looking over, I saw it was Steve, eyeing my ass as it stuck in the air. I pulled my mouth off of James and looked over at Steve, taking his hand and making him massage my anus, staring at him with an unrequited lust. "Fuck me," I commanded. I moved off of James and let James and Dave move into a 69 with each other. Steve grabbed the lube and poured some on his cock and on my ass, fingering me lightly while I stroked my cock. He positioned himself over me and I stared at Dave and James, waiting for the initial pain of penetration. He eased his thick penis into me slowly and I let out a moan, constantly saying "fuck me," under my breath. I reached my hands out to Dave's ass and started to caress it and finger it, making him moan with pleasure. James had fully penetrated me and was pulling out slowly, giving me time for my muscles to relax as his thick shaft spread me apart, then jammed his penis back in, speeding up with each thrust.

Dave grabbed the lube and started doing the same thing with James. I turned to see James staring me in the face, with his ass in the air just like mine. We both started to kiss and work our cocks with our hands. I looked back to see Dave pushing his cock into James, resulting in a muffled yelp. I pulled off of Steve and turned onto my back, scooting closer to James. Steve re-entered my ass with relative ease and James and I started kissing some more, traveling down my neck and licking my nipples just as I had done to him. I watched as Dave and Steve pounded away at our asses, jerking off and smoothing the precum over my penis.

Steve reached around and started fingering Dave again and they started to make out while they fucked the two of us. I ran my hands down James' body, reaching for his giant cock and stroking it while I jacked my own cock off. Suddenly, James pulled out of Dave and climbed on top of me, quickly sitting down on my cock; I almost came from the feeling of his ass wrapping around me. Dave then knelt behind Steve and started fucking him. I couldn't believe it, I sat and watched all the cocks pumping in and out of our asses, trying hard to contain the huge load that was building inside me, thinking about James' hot cock rubbing against me while we fucked.

I could tell Dave was getting close to cumming. A few moments later I pushed James off my cock and made Steve lay on the bed. I sat on top of his cock and started riding it, taking Dave's cock in my hand and jerking it off furiously while James jerked his own giant cock off before shoving it into my mouth. I sucked off the cum that slickened his shaft and fingered him with my other hand. I could feel his muscles tightening and knew he was getting close too.

"I'm gonna cum... I'm gonna cum all over you," Dave groaned, replacing my hand with his and jerking off quickly next to my face. I took my mouth off of James' cock and opened it wide in front of Dave's. His semen shot out quickly into my mouth, dribbling off his cock onto my body, past my mouth and on my face. I could hear James getting ready to cum as I took Dave's rigid penis in my mouth, making him finish off down my throat. I looked over to see James' giant cock spewing out giant loads of cum, over and over, all over my neck and my chest. I turned over to take his cock in my mouth and gulped down the next five loads. I concentrated on fucking James, flexing my muscles tight around his dick and riding him hard. He finally exclaimed that he was about to cum and I pulled off of him, jerking him off until he blew his huge loads onto my stomach and chest.

All the cum on me and in me was pushing me over the edge too. I took my cock and jerked it off fast and hard and quickly fell into my own orgasm, pumping my load onto Steve's chest. I leaned over and started to lick it off of him, and Dave and James' joined in, licking it off me as well.

We laid there afterwards and fondled each others' declining erections for a while before we finally decided to take turns washing off. James and Steve got dressed and headed out, leaving Dave and I laying on the bed, half-dressed. We sat in silence for a while, still reviving from the sex.

"Where's Jess?" Dave asked.

"Out with Brooke somewhere..." I responded. "Probably doing the same thing with her. She'll be back later tonight."

And that'll probably be the next thing I write about.