 This is the story of my first time visiting a bathhouse. I was 19 and very aware that I was Bi. I had sex with a few guys before and loved every second of it. At the time, I was single and still living with my parent's since I went to college near home. It was a way for me to save money for new equipment for my photography business I wanted to start. It was the day of my 19th birthday when I decided to go and check the place out. It was the middle of the week during the summer. I was nervous going in as I had heard about bathhouses and how freaky they could get. Finally, I made the decision to go.

The building was very plain on the outside. It looked like a simple two-story office building. I walked into the building and was greeted by an older man in his 50's who welcomed me. He asked if it was my first time, to which I informed him it was. He took my ID and smiled at me.

"Happy Birthday young man. I'm happy to see that you wanted to come spend it with us. There is usually a $10 charge for a locker or $25 charge for a room, but since it is your birthday, I am going to wave your annual membership fee and you get a locker for free."

This made me smile. It was the first time in a while that I had felt special on my birthday. Usually, it was spent alone because I always seemed to be single on my birthday, and it was the time that my family went on vacation. I had always felt like an afterthought. This year was going to be different.

I thanked the man who then handed me the key to my locker and a fresh towel. I walked through the door and found my locker. There was no one else in the room. I quickly stripped down and put all my clothes into the locker, leaving my shoes on. I wrapped the towel around my body and went off exploring.

I found out that the bathhouse had three levels. The first floor had three hot tubs, three sauna rooms, a large porn viewing room with multiple levels for people to play on, the showers, and the many private rooms. The basement was where their famous maze was located. The top floor housed Gloryhole Row, a massive dark room, a large open room for group play, and plenty of small booths to watch all the action in the open room.

I decided to start my day in the sauna. I had been in a couple of saunas at local gyms and loved the feeling of being in them. I walked in and placed my towel on the bench and laid down as there was no one else in the room. I closed my eyes as the steam covered my naked body. The heat and the sweat over my body had me turned on. I reached down and started rubbing my cock. I was in my own little world stroking my cock that I did not hear the door open and close. I was startled when I felt a hand start rubbing my thighs. I opened my eyes and saw a man in his mid-thirties standing over me. He was a little shorter than my 6'2'' but in much better shape. I was average with a flat stomach but now muscles that stood out. The two things that did stick out were my 7-inch cock and my bubble ass. This guy had a well defined six pack and a cock comparable to mine.

His hand moved up from my thigh and replaced my hand with his on my cock, slowly stroking me till I got harder. He moved over just enough to put his cock close enough for me to take into my waiting mouth. I grabbed the base of his shaft and ran my tongue up and down the shaft and all over the head. He would moan every time I flicked the tip with my tongue. I then slowly took him into my mouth, savoring the flavor of this cut of man meat. I was a very skilled cock sucker who knew how to get a man off. I was also able to deep throat up to 9 inches. After a few minutes, I engulfed his cock, letting the head slip down my throat. I kept a slow, steady motion, causing him to moan loader. I slipped one hand down to his balls and started caressing them.

"You are a cute cock sucker," he moaned. "You are going to make me cum."

I took the compliment and kept bobbing up and down, anticipating his load shooting down my throat. I felt his cock start to throb.

"Oh fuck. I'm cumming!"

The flood gates opened from his cock and rope after rope of his delicious man milk came flowing down my throat, coating the walls as I swallowed his entire load. I kept sucking until he had nothing left for me to get. He pulled his softening penis from my mouth and thanked me as I sat up. He walked out of the sauna leaving me to regain my focus. I shortly followed suit and left the sauna to find my next adventure.

I decided to go and get lost in the maze, excited at what could happen. I made my way down the stairs and made my way into the maze's entrance. The maze was very dimly lit, allowing almost no light to enter. As soon as I entered, I stood for a moment to allow my eyes to adjust to the darkness before I ventured any farther. Once I could gain my bearings, I made my way into the sex maze. As I walked deeper into the maze, I could hear the kinky noises of man on man sex all around me. I came around a corner and found one man bent over a bench as a bear was pounding him relentlessly. I could feel my cock start to get erect again at the thought of me being the man getting fucked.

After a few minutes of searching and running into many people sucking and fucking, I finally ran into a dead end where a man was sitting on a raised bench. He was sitting with his magnificent 9-inch-thick black cock out on full display. He was slowly stroking his meat allowing me to be hypnotized by the hammer between his legs.

"You want some of this," he asked as I stared at his growing cock.

"Hell yeah," I replied, my eyes still not moving away from his delicious looking cock.

"You wanna suck it?"

"I want to get fucked by it."

"Well come lube it up with that mouth and I will give you what you want."

I quickly fell to my knees and wrapped my hand around his monster. He had big balls that just begged to be sucked. I started to stroke him as I worshipped his low hanging balls with my mouth. He moaned and told me I was a good slut. As I removed my mouth from his balls, he placed a small brown bottle to my nose. I had heard or poppers before and knew what to do, I had just never done them before. I said fuck it and took a huge hit from the bottle. He then moved the bottle to my other nostril and sealed up the first nostril as I took another massive hit. The sensation hit me. I can only describe the feeling as euphoric. As soon as the rush hit my brain, I began to suck that black lollipop as best I could. I had taken a 9-inch cock before, so I forced the entire thing down my throat, letting his balls hit my chin. I then worshipped the beast as if it were an ancient god that required oral sex as it's offering. As my head moved up and down, my tongue was bathing his entire shaft and the monstrous swollen head. He eventually had me stop and bent me over the bench. He handed me the brown bottle again and had me take a few big hits again. I took two insane hits in each nostril and once again, the euphoric feeling was back. As I was taking my hits, I could feel him dripping lube all over my asshole. Normally, I would be worried about taking something so big without a warm up cock, but in my preparation for the day, I had used a growing set of anal plugs to get used to the stretching. I felt the head of his cock rest at the entrance of my ass, teasing me. Once he knew that I was well into the rush of the poppers, he slowly slid his cock in.

There was pain at first as he pushed the head past the entrance walls, but once it was in, the pain was replaced with ecstasy. He still kept slowly feeding my ass his cock, pushing it in a little at a time with each thrust. After a while, he finally had gotten all nine inches in my ass. He then started to pick up the pace. I could feel each withdraw and thrust in, causing my cock to become increasingly hard. While I was being fucked by the black anaconda, someone else decided I needed my cock sucked, because there was soon a mouth worshiping my cock while I was getting fucked. My black lover stopped for a moment to take a couple of hits of his poppers and then handed me the bottle. I also took a couple of hits and felt incredible as he started fucking me harder, hitting my prostate with each thrust.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck! I'm fucking cumming," I cried out as he kept fucking me. The man on my cock then prepared his mouth for the flood that I was about to unleash. I sent streams of semen into his mouth, causing him to gag slightly. He got out from under me and left as the monster in my ass seemed to be very happy not releasing his venom. The man pulled out and had me sit up on the bench with my legs pulled back. Once I got another hit of the poppers, he popped his beast back into my ass and started a steady pace, withdrawing all the way to the head and then slamming back into me.

After what had seemed like a life time, he smiled at me as I could feel his cock began to pulsate. He pulled out, ripping off the condom and sprayed his insane load all over my cock, stomach, and chest. It felt like he was leaving a gallon's worth of cum all over me. As he left, I noticed that he had left a full bottle of poppers on the bench. I grabbed the bottle and rushed to him.

"You keep them. That was the best fuck I have had in a while," he said. "Most bitches can't handle me. You earned those."

He continued walking out of the maze. I went back and grabbed my towel. I made my way up to the showers to clean off. I had just gotten started at the bathhouse. I knew what I wanted for my birthday too. I wanted to be a cock slut for the day.