 I have always thought about having sex with another guy, but like most men that has that kind of fantasy, I'm usually to afraid to act on it. That's the great thing about the Internet and all the chartrooms, it lets me act out my fantasy of gay sex without actually doing it real time. However one night I just had to take the final plunge, from cybering to real time.

One night I go to my favorite gay chat room, just striking up some conversations, not really connecting with anyone yet until I see a guy with the handle "Show Me Cock", and I was curious because I'm from St.Louis, Missouri.

So I ask him the usual, his age, height, weight, etc, and I find out he's from the same town as me, and I get goose bumps, I u sually don't meet anyone in the chartroom from my hometown. He said his name was Bob and he was in his 30's, he described himself as 6'3, 200lbs long black hair green eyes all solid and muscular. This being the Internet and most lie about their appearance, I ask him if he had a picture of him, and he does and he sends it thru and my god he wasn't lying!! He looked so hot that my cock instantly got hard.

So he asks if I have a picture, so I return the favor and send him one of me. He then tells me that he received it and he said he loved it. He then asks if I had ever done anything with a guy and I said I hadn't but I had dreamed about it for a long time. He said he was experienced, and asked me if I wanted to meet up with him sometime.

I hesitate to answer, my god somebody to meet up with and explore the possibilities of sucking my first cock, of being touched by another man, the thought just excited and scared me. Then I thought "hell you only live once", so I tell him yes we can meet, I suggest tonight. I also suggest we do it at hotel, since I was too nervous about brining him to my place, and he agrees and picks a hotel, and he tells me to meet him there in about an hour. I log off and I get ready to go.

On the drive to the hotel, my mind is racing with thoughts, about actually being with another guy, feeling him, my cock stayed hard for the entire drive, then I pull up to the hotel parking lot, and start to look for room 223.

I go up a flight of stairs, and there it is room 223. I hesitate for just a moment, then I knock a couple of times, then the door opens and Bob are there, and he smiles and invites me in.

Bob already has his shirt off and his chest is so muscular and smooth, and his nipples were already hard. He asks me if I want a beer and I said sure, and I took a few sips, and Bob sits next to me on the bed.

He asks me if I was nervous and I said just a little as I take another sip of my beer. "Relax, everybody is nervous their first time, I know I was." Bob then proceeds to kiss me softly, oh my body trembled as we kissed, and it felt, so erotic and so right. I return the kiss, and I feel his tongue searching for mine, and it seems like the kiss lasts for hours.

Then Bob removes my shirt, and he pinches my nipples as we continue to kiss. Bob kisses down to my neck, then to my chest, then he goes and sucks my hard nipples, as I run my fingers thru his hair. He then turns back and kisses me again, and this time we suck each other’s tongues.

Bob lays me down on the bed, and he unzips my jeans and slides them off of me. He then kisses me and feels my hard cock thru my under shorts, and I thought I was going to cum right then and there. Then he slides my underwear off, and starts to stroke my cock.

Then I feel Bob's mouth lick the head of my cock, and I close my eyes in ecstasy. Soon I feel his tongue on my shaft, then underneath my head, oh my no woman ever licked my cock like that before, and I didn't feel any teeth at all, as Bob licked and sucked. I pulled his head closer to my cock as he took my whole cock in his mouth. I can almost feel my load about to come out, but then he stops, and comes and kisses me again with such passion as he grinds his cock against mine, and I feel his hard ass, as we grind.

He whispers to me that he wanted me to suck his cock now, and so I lick down to his chest, sucking one nipple then the other, and I slowly start to lick down to his rigid cock.

I then lick the tip of his head, as he had done to me earlier, and by the moan coming from Bob's mouth I knew that I was doing it right. I start to lick his shaft, and I grip his balls as I lick and I could feel Bob's hand on my head and can hear him moan as I continue to lick.

I take his whole cock, which has to be almost 8 inches, in my mouth and I start to suck it up and down, like I had known how to suck cock all along, and I could feel Bob thrusting his hard cock in my mouth, fucking my mouth. 

Then Bob pulls me up and kisses me on the mouth again and tells me we are going to 69. So Bob goes on top of me, with his hot ass facing me, and starts to take my cock in his mouth again, while I take his hard member dripping with preum in my mouth and we both surrender to our mutual oral pleasure. 

I grip Bob's hot ass as I devour his massive hard cock in my mouth and I get a great rush when I feel Bob's tongue teasing my asshole. Then I feel Bob's mouth engulf my cock, his mouth up and down, as I do the same to him so I can match his rhythm on my cock.

Then I feel my balls swelling with my cum and he goes faster and faster on my cock and I do the same to Bob. Then I feel my cock explode as I cum full force in Bob's mouth, which made me grip his ass, harder as I empty my load in his mouth.

I suck his cock faster slurping on it as I want to feel his cum in my mouth, then I hear Bob moan, "Yes that's it almost mmmmmmmmm." Then I feel his hot load explode in my mouth, and I almost gag as I take it all in my mouth, enjoying its flavor and its smell.

Bob then comes up and kisses me hard on the mouth and I return the kiss feeling his ass as we kiss, him touching my ass, as we melt with each other as we fall asleep in each others arms.

That was my first time. Bob and me hook up a couple of times a week, to the same room at the same hotel, and in fact I'm going to meet him tonight, and I'll even let him fuck me, another first for yours truly.