 This is the second part of a Chat Room Hookup that takes place the following day.

The morning after my hookup with Paul I felt a little guilty for what I did but it was also kind of exhilarating. I couldn't believe I acted upon a fantasy and I justified it in my mind as a once in a lifetime action so the guilt wasn't necessary. It would never happen again. However, in the back of my mind, I wondered if Paul would try to contact me again and further wondered what I might do if he did. I wasn't sure I could do it again or even if I wanted to. I think I was a little scared because I enjoyed it so much. It was so out of character for me so I decided I wouldn't contact him that's for sure. 

While I was getting ready for the conference sessions for that day, my mind kept wandering back to the events of the previous night. I was never the submissive type before but somehow letting someone else take control relieved me of the responsibilities for last night; I was "ordered" to do these things even though we had acted them out in the chat rooms several times before. It also allowed me to totally "let go" in a way I never had before, so by giving control to Paul, it also allowed me to fully live out my fantasies too. In my mind and our game, "No" wasn't an option.Doing something out of the ordinary is also energizing. Our daily lives are predetermined by routine; getting up, showering, going to work and all the bullshit that comes with it; coming home having dinner, watch a little TV, go to bed and repeat. Last night shattered the routine. It was also nice to explore my feminine side too. Dressing up in lace and stockings while turning someone else on was so exciting. 

During the conference I couldn't help thinking about the feeling of having a hard dick in my mouth again; savoring the taste of another man's meat; the sounds of me giving him a wet, sloppy blowjob; the excitement when I felt his cock pulsate and him lunging forward; the taste of his semen; looking up at him after he finished cumming in my mouth knowing he was pleased with my blow job; wearing lingerie while opening the door for room service with cum on my face; being spanked before getting a good ass fucking while people from across the street watched us; the first feeling of pain/pleasure in my ass; hearing him grunting as he fucked me; the sound of his skin and balls slapping against my ass. Then I thought of the end of our adventure feeling so excited that I totally submitted myself to another man; letting him dress me up in lingerie, obeying his every order and satisfying his sexual needs. I felt my cock getting hard continuously during the day as my thoughts drifted to the night before. As the day wore on I was kind of insulted that Paul hadn't at least sent me a text thanking me for being such a willing partner. Heck, I let him treat me like a total slut. I started to feel used and ashamed of my actions. I vowed never to repeat them again...ever.

Then about 3 o'clock I received a text from Paul. "Same bar; same time?"

My heart skipped a beat and I felt flustered. I couldn't pay attention to the conference session I was in. What should I do? Should I even respond? Does he want to do it again? Do I want to do it again? 

Despite my confusion, I returned the text. "Sure, I'll meet you there." There's no harm in having a drink with him was the thinking I used to justify meeting Paul again.

I was even more nervous than the previous day. Could I even face Paul again? We were both a little drunk last night and I was sober now. I could barely admit to myself what I had done but to see Paul again would highlight the events of the previous night. I gathered up my courage and walked into the bar. I looked around and saw Paul sitting at a booth with another man. He was about our age but looked a little heavier, not fit like Paul. He definitely had the "dad body" kids joke about. When Paul saw me he waved me over to the booth. I wondered what was going on. I was a little disappointed that there was someone else there. Maybe this was just a friendly happy hour to just shoot the shit like friends. I hope he didn't disclose our little secret to anyone.

Paul introduced me to his co-worker Don who wanted to grab a couple of beers with us. Just like the night before, we made small talk as we drank and had a light meal. Part of me wanted to have another night with Paul but I figured maybe it was better this way. It was a one time fling for both of us and we could just be friends or drinking buddies. After a few beers, I could see Paul and Don trying to give each other silent signals. Then Don left to go to the bathroom leaving me alone with Paul. I was a little suspicious.

It was then that Paul stunned me when he said, "Uh Jay, I kind of told Don what happened last night. I hope you aren't mad." He then waited for my reaction.

"You did what? Are you serious? I can't believe you did that. I don't know what to say." I was a little pissed and he could tell.

"It's alright Jay, Don is cool with it. He won't tell anyone. I just remembered how much you enjoyed being watched last night and I thought it might be fun to do it again with someone right there in the room with us. He doesn't want to do anything with you Jay. He just wants to watch."

Paul started to rub my leg under the table and feeling him touch me like that again electrified me. He looked deep into my eyes again with a firm look. I was mesmerized. It was almost as if I couldn't have said no even if I wanted to. I thought about it for a minute.

"Come on Jay, it will be fun. We both had a great time last night. This will just add a little spice to the excitement. Come on buddy. Let's try it and if you don't like it, we'll just ask him to leave. Ok?"

Paul had some sort of power over me. I felt almost hypnotized and couldn't believe myself when I responded, "um, I, I guess we could try it but I'm not sucking his dick or fucking him."

"That's fine Jay. He is just going to watch; nothing else. I promise"

Just then Don returned from the restroom. Paul looked at him with a huge grin and nodded. His friend returned the grin. We talked as we finished our beers. Paul was telling Don how nice I looked in the lingerie with my long legs and tight ass. He told him what a great cocksucker I was and how my blow job was so enthusiastic. I was blushing and could barely look at them. Paul went on to tell Don how tight my ass was and how it was like fucking a virgin again. I was embarrassed but getting turned on at the same time. I was proud of my sexual prowess. Paul was sharing intimate details of our secret night but I figured he had already told Don the gory details earlier in the day anyway. 

When we finished our drinks Paul started to get up and said, "shall we?" 

We all got up and started to walk towards the hotel. It felt like one of the longest walks of my life. I felt like turning around and running away at times. I also felt tremendously turned on at the thought of someone witnessing my slutty actions in person. I did enjoy being on display for the room service waiter and I enjoyed performing for our anonymous audience that watched through the window. This was taking it to another level though. My heart was beating double time as we entered the room. This one was bigger and more luxurious than the night before. Maybe Paul felt like this was more of a sure thing and decided to spend a little more money. The guys took off their suit coats and ties and sat down next to me at the bar. Paul got us more beers and some shots of tequila. I know I told Paul that shots go right to my head so I figured he knew I was more nervous than the night before and was trying to help loosen me up a bit. I sure needed it too. After about 30 minutes and a couple of more shots, I was totally relaxed and a bit drunk. Paul then took a package from underneath the bar and handed it to me.

"I think you'll love this Jay. Why don't you go put it on for us?"

The moment of truth had arrived. I was about to embark upon a new adventure again tonight. Paul poured another shot that I drank immediately and retreated to the bathroom. I was curious to see what he had picked out for me. I walked to the bathroom giving my ass a little extra wiggle as I knew they were both watching me and a glanced back at them with a sly grin before I closed the door. Once I closed the door I just shook my head. I couldn't believe I was about to do this...again. Last night was so much fun I decided to just go with the flow and enjoy myself. I opened the package and found a black body stocking with a lace bodice with garter like straps attached to lace stockings. It was all one piece but the areas around my crotch and ass were open which would leave Paul access to my ass. I slowly undressed and put on the bodystocking. I struggled with it a little but finally got it on. As I looked in the mirror, I could see my nipples through the lace and my long, muscular legs looked kind of nice in the lace stockings. There was a matching g-string that I put on that covered my genitals but left my ass cheeks exposed. The black lace perfectly contrasted and highlighted my white butt. I took a big gulp of beer before I turned the doorknob.

I called out to the guys, "are you ready for me?"

In unison, they both replied, "we sure are."

As I entered the room, they both stared longingly at me and I could see their eyes moving up and down as they checked me out. I did notice that they were both in the boxers which concerned me a little but I was feeling drunk, sexy and horny so I proceeded to get closer to them at the bar. 

Paul asked me to do a slow twirl for them and said, "see, Don, I told you Jay has a nice ass and legs."

"You were right Paul, he looks great in the bodystocking. Good choice."

I felt proud that they were pleased. I stood at the bar as we drank, talked and let them cast their eyes over me. There is something about feeling desired that makes me so hot and horny. I enjoyed teasing them. Paul put on some soft music and asked me to dance with him. I agreed as he lead me to the center of the room with Don's eyes following us the entire way. Paul pulled me close to him as we slow danced. As we turned, I could see a bulge forming in Don's crotch as I felt Paul's growing against my thighs. Paul grasped my ass tightly and was dry humping me in the middle of the room which made my cock stir as well. Sexual tension filled the room. Paul pulled away from me, looked directly into my eyes and leaned in to kiss me deep. Our tongues danced in each other's mouths and his hands roamed over my body as we swayed back and forth. I reached around to grab Paul's ass and pulled him closer, dry humping each other. I forgot that Don was even in the room but it must have been quite a show for him. 

We were dancing and grinding against each other when Paul whispered into my ear, "why don't you dance a little with Don, Jay. He looks a little lonely sitting over there by himself. You don't have to do anything else, just dance with him a little. Will you do that for me Jay?"

Without hesitation I replied, "sure Paul. I'll do that for you."

I saw Paul nod to Don as his friend now took me into his arms and brought me closer to him. Don was shorter than me, probably about 5'10" and a little over 200 lbs. I wasn't attracted to him like I was to Paul but I was doing this for Paul if it would help turn him on. As we slow danced, Don's hands started to roam over my ass and legs. I could feel his hard cock pressing against me. When the song ended, I felt Paul come up behind me, starting to push his dick between my ass cheeks and started kissing my neck. I was sandwiched between the two men as we danced. Four hands now roamed over my body. I was so turned on. Then Paul pulled down the front of the bodystocking to expose my nipples. I remembered how sensitive I found out they were from the night before. I moaned softly as each man took one of my nipples into their mouths and licked and sucked on them. I was quickly losing control of myself. Four hands were groping my body through the lace as they sucked on my nipples. I closed my eyes to enjoy the multiple sensations arousing my body as my breathing grew heavier. My cock was rock hard but constrained by the g-string.

Paul then lead me over to the king size bed and said, "we need to prepare Jay for the rest of the evening."

I figured he was going to insert the butt plug again but Paul pulled out a vibrator that looked like a dick and some lube. He asked Don to sit on the edge of the bed and told me to bend over Don's knees. I looked at Paul with some hesitancy.

"Come on Jay, you need to trust me. I'm just going to have Don help to prep you that's all."

I thought if I was going to submissively give myself to Paul, then I should just go with the flow so I obeyed his request. Don had this evil little grin on his face as I approached and patted his lap as an invite. I slowly bent over his knees, my white ass presented to him. He rubbed and squeezed my ass as I resigned myself to this humiliation. Don then placed his hand on my back holding me in place.

Paul then said, "Don, I think Jay needs to learn not to hesitate when I ask him to do something. Don't you agree?"

"I sure do Paul. Jay needs to learn a lesson."

With that I felt Don's hand come down on my ass with a hard slap followed by a soft rubbing of my cheeks and another hard slap. Paul just watched with a sheepish grin on his face as he watched his friend spank my ass. Don's hard on was poking at my stomach as I squirmed in his lap.I felt I had no control over the situation. I was bent over a stranger's lap letting him spank me; both men now asserting control over me. It was insulting and humiliating but such a turn on. I turned to see Paul getting undressed, exposing his lovely 7" cock which stood straight in the air. I wanted him in my mouth again. I wanted to please him in every way I could. He then took the vibrator and lube and handed them to Don who proceeded to place some lube on my asshole then slowly begin to penetrate my ass with his middle finger. I couldn't believe I was letting a man who I had just met a couple of hours ago finger fuck my ass while bent over his lap. He then put some lube on the vibrator and began to shove it into my ass.

Paul sat down next to Don as he began to work the vibrator into my ass. The sensations of the penetration and vibration drove me wild and I was soon moaning. Paul then lifted my head and told be to suck his cock which I gladly did. I was so hot as I took him between my lips and began to bob my head while Don worked the vibrator in and out of my ass. I loved having Paul's cock in my mouth again. I had been thinking about it all day and I was going to savor every second of his hard meat in my mouth. My tongue swirled around the head as my lips held his dick tight. I was giving him a wet sloppy blow job. I licked just under the rim of the head and this drove him wild.

"You are such a great cockucker Jay. You really know how to give a guy a blow job. Suck me good Jay, ahhh, just like that."

I was so proud of myself.

Paul then said, " get up on the bed Jay. I want to fuck that nice tight ass of yours again. Just like I did last night. Do you want me to fuck your ass Jay?"

"Yes Paul. I want you to fuck my ass. Fuck me good Paul. Fuck me nice and hard."

I stopped sucking him and climbed off of Don's lap. Don's hard on poked out from his boxers and his face was flush. Paul ordered me to bend over on the bed which I gladly did. My head was pressed against the mattress with my ass high in the air. I wiggled my ass to tease him as he approached me. I couldn't wait for him to fuck my ass again. He climbed behind me as Don moved to my side. Don's hands spread my ass cheeks wide for Paul as I felt his manhood touch my asshole. I wanted it inside me so badly now. 

"Jay is such a little cock whore Don. He can't wait to get his ass fucked. Right Jay?"

"That's right Paul. I'm your whore; your slut tonight. Fuck me. I want you to fuck my ass just like you did last night."

I then felt Paul push forward and I pushed back to help him enter me. I wanted that dick so badly now. The head pushed through then slowly kept pushing forward. Then he started to fuck me slowly pushing deeper into my ass with each thrust. Once again, he buried his entire cock in my ass and started to fuck me with long, slow strokes.He was holding onto my hips fucking me, slapping my ass at times, while Don played with my nipples. It felt amazing. I could see Don's hard on poking at the front of his boxers. I wondered what it looked like. Part of me wondered what it tasted like.

Paul then said to me, "remember last night while I was fucking you Jay? You said you wanted to suck a dick while I fucked you. Do you still want a dick in your mouth Jay? If you ask Don real nice, I bet he would let you suck his cock. Don is so horny, it's not fair to leave him like this. Ask him Jay." 

"Will you let me give you a blow job Don?"

"Oh, you should beg Don to let you suck his dick Jay. Now beg him real nice." 

Paul continued to push his cock deep into my ass, slapping my cheeks, driving my passion even higher. It made me hotter as he was basically offering my services to his friend and I was about to submissively obey his request.

"Please Don, will you let me suck your cock? I really want to suck it bad. I promise I will give you a great blow job. Please Don; please let me suck you and lick your balls. I want you to cum in my mouth. I want to taste your cum. Will you please let me blow you?"

"I sure would let Jay suck my dick Paul. He did such a great job sucking yours, I would love a blow job from Jay right now."

"I want you to suck Don's cock Jay. I want you to give my friend a good blow job just like you did for me." He slapped my ass again to show his dominance over me.

This wasn't what I agreed to in the bar but I was powerless to resist and I was curious to feel and taste Don's prick. "Yes Paul, I want to suck Don's dick. I want to give him a wet, sloppy blow job. I'll do it for you Paul."

I was about to let two men use my body for their pleasure or was I using them for my pleasure? It didn't take Don long to remove his t-shirt and let his boxers fall to the floor and climb back onto the bed to present his cock to my awaiting lips. I eagerly began to lick his shaft and balls while Paul continued to fuck me. I really did want to suck his cock now. I wanted them to treat me like a whore. Paul was really fucking my ass good, driving deep into me, our skin slapping together with each deep thrust as I took Don between my lips. He held my head as he started to fuck my mouth. I was in heaven with a dick between my lips and another in my ass. The pleasure was overwhelming. I couldn't get enough. Don's dick wasn't as big as Paul's but it was fatter, filling my mouth and stretching my lips. He was fucking my mouth deep as his balls slapped at my chin. I was loving every second of them using me as their slut.

"I told you Jay was an enthusiastic cocksucker didn't I?"

"Yes you did Paul and you weren't exaggerating. I think he like giving as much as I like receiving a blow job."

They were both driving themselves into me and it was my duty to please them. I wanted them to enjoy fucking me as much as I enjoyed fucking and sucking them. Paul was the first to announce that he was cumming and he lunged deep into my ass and shot his first load then pulled back a little and drove deep into me again and again releasing his sperm deep into my ass. I squeezed my ass tighter, milking his cock as he finished cumming. He collapsed on my back as Don's cock drove deep into my throat. He started fucking my lips faster as my head bobbed in rhythm. Some of his cum leaked out before he came. It had a tangy, salty taste but it was just a teaser for his full load that was building. Then his breathing got faster and he lunged forward while holding on tightly to my head. His first wad of cum splashed into my throat as he grunted loudly. I swallowed it with pride. He kept shooting cum and I couldn't keep up. Some of it dripped out of my mouth and down my chin. 
