 PRELUDE

Marcel was somewhat shy and he was still naïve when it came to sex. He had had a few dates while in high school but they never involved any sexual activity. He was still a virgin and his only experience with sex was masturbation. Marcel was 5'6" tall, weighed 140 pounds and his body was virtually hairless and his skin was flawless. He had light brown hair with brown eyes and he was a very effeminate young man. His cock was average in size about six inches. He liked his cock. He liked playing with it and jerking off. 

Marcel could cum in buckets. He often jerked off fantasizing about sex and he would shoot his cum into the air. Six or seven streams of cum would shoot out of his cock and land on his head, neck, chest, abs and pubes. He would then rub his cum into his body and let it dry on his body. He could also cum four or five times a day as he had a seemingly endless supply of semen, not atypical for a virile 18-year-old

Marcel's cousin Jean-Claude was 21 years of age had light brown hair, hazel eyes and stood at about 5'5". Jean-Claude had a slender figure that seemed very effeminate. Marcel noticed that Jean-Claude had no hair on his legs and that his shorts fit very snug around his tight shapely ass. Marcel felt his cock surge every time he looked at Jean-Claude's curvy ass. The two of them could have passed for twins instead of cousins. It was Jean-Claude who got Marcel to first come out. 

Marcel had left his home in Nancy and moved to Paris. He was staying with his cousin on a temporary basis until he went to the University. It was the late 1970's and adult theaters were very popular. There was one theater in Paris that was notorious. It had a reputation that more went on off the screen than on it. AIDS wasn't a topic of concern at the time so much of the gay sex was unprotected sex. Marcel was curious about the theater and he knew that his cousin had been there.

"So, you want to know about the theatre," Jean-Claude began.

"Yes, I heard a little bit about it and it sounds exciting," Marcel replied excitedly.

"Well it can be exciting and it can be very rough also. You have to be ready for anything when you go there. Marcel the guys there are mostly Moroccans and Algerians. They all have huge cocks and they love to fuck the pretty French boys that go to the theatre. The people that go there to get fucked by the big dicks are people like us. The female impersonators who go there are everyone's favorites."

"Are they the ones who entertain at the live theatre?" Marcel asked.

"Yes and many of them are taking female hormones to become more feminine. The hair on their head is getting longer but they are losing facial and body hair. They are also developing breasts and their waists are narrowing. Many of them are not distinguishable from women until you see their cocks."

"What's the biggest cock that you have ever had in your ass Marcel?"

"One a bit bigger than yours at the bathhouse."

"The cocks at the theatre are both long and thick and they will stretch you beyond your imagination. I only go to the theatre once or twice a month at the most because I need to let my ass recover from the fucking I get there. Marcel, they will love you at the theatre. They always love fresh meat especially someone as young and pretty as you."

"Do I get to fuck anyone or will anyone suck my cock?"

"If you're lucky one of the other pretty French boys will suck you off. But you will be so occupied that you will not get to fuck anyone. Remember the Moroccans and Algerians go there to fuck and get sucked; they do not get fucked or do any sucking."

"I would be nervous to go by myself. Can I go with you the next time you go?" 

"If you think that you still want to go after all I told you, I will take you with me the next time. Saturday is the best night to go. The theatre is packed and I don't have to go to work on Sunday."

Saturday night arrived and Jean-Claude gave Marcel a pair of his special pants to wear. He explained to him that the clothes had to be easily removed and that he was not to wear underwear. Marcel felt very wicked to be naked under the pants with an elastic waistband. It was exciting to know that with just one tug of the pants he would be naked from the waist down.

After a light dinner they made their way to the theatre. As they entered, all eyes focused on the effeminate French men particularly the pretty Marcel. Jean-Claude guided Marcel to the back of the theatre were they sat until their eyes adjusted to the dim light. Marcel watched the movie playing as he was seeing porn for the first time. The scene was a French army guy fucking a French sailor. They both had their pants down and the sailor was on all fours. The army guy had a big cock and he drilled the sailor. The sailor was a cute French man with a shapely bubble butt ass. Marcel watched as the army guy pulled out of the sailor's ass and sprayed cum all over the sailor's buttocks. Then the army guy put his cock back in the sailor's ass. The sailor jerked off and came on the floor.

He was really turned on watching his first porn flick and he had an erection in his pants. Then it was time to move and he followed Jean-Claude up to the balcony. He noticed that there were guys having oral sex as they left the orchestra section. Once they reached the balcony, he was surprised when Jean-Claude ignored the balcony closed sign and climbed over the chain. The two of them then made their way to the balcony section. Jean-Claude entered a row of seats but had Marcel enter the row above him.

They moved to the center of the row and within seconds Marcel had a man behind him and a man in front of him. His pants were pulled down to his ankles and he felt large hands on his buttocks. The man played with Marcel's ass briefly admiring the shapely butt he was about to fuck. Marcel, as he had been told by Jean-Claude, remembered to hand the stranger the tube of lube. He felt the liquid squirt into his anus and then a thick finger probed his ass pushing the lube in deeper. He next felt a strong hand in the middle of his back pushing him over slightly. He bent over and arched his back accentuating his curvy ass and then he felt the intrusion. 

A huge thick cock worked its way into his tight ass and he wanted to scream out loud. As he opened his mouth to cry out, another huge cock filled his oral cavity. He almost gagged on the cock that entered his mouth but he got his hand on it and controlled the penetration. He now bobbed his head up and down on the big dick in his mouth and then he realized that he was sucking his first uncut cock. He liked the feel of the cock head sliding through the foreskin and he liked dipping his tongue into the soft flesh. He had momentarily ignored the cock in his ass until it went deeper and then he felt more discomfort.

This ritual continued for some time as Marcel would adjust to the thick cock and then it would go deeper and he felt more pain. Each time there would be pain at first, then a cramping sensation, and then a bloated feeling and then his ass relaxed. He was sure that the cock was almost all the way in as he had never felt so full in his life. He wasn't sure how much more he could actually take. Fortunately, he was right and with one more push he felt the man's pubic hair tickle his buttocks. He knew that the stranger was all the way in his ass now and he wondered just how much cock he had taken. Was it the biggest cock he would feel that night?

Jean-Claude knelt on seat in front of him and watched as Marcel handled two very large cocks. The two strangers were clearly Arabs and they were enjoying the pretty French boy. It didn't take long before Jean-Claude had his own pants pulled down, his asshole greased and penetrated. He grunted as a large cock filled his ass and began to fuck him. He continued to watch Marcel as he had his own ass reamed. 

Marcel by now had gotten into the act as he was more comfortable being fucked in the theatre. He fondled the balls in front of him and scraped the stranger's perineum. He felt the man's body tense and then his cock exploded in Marcel's mouth. A gusher of semen filled his mouth as the stranger shot at least six voluminous rounds into the pretty boy's mouth. Just then the man behind him stopped moving and thrust his cock as deep as he could in Marcel's ass. Marcel felt his ass fill up with cum as the man behind him came in the beautiful ass. Marcel felt hands on his buttocks again as the man caressed the curvy ass cheeks while he emptied his cock in the loosened passage.

Just as Marcel was getting his mouth filled and his ass filled with cum, the two men now fucking Jean-Claude also came. Jean-Claude felt the rigid cocks erupt in his ass and shoot gobs of semen deep into his rectum as the other flooded his mouth. The men stayed Jean-Claude's ass and mouth until their cocks softened and slipped from the receptive holes. Jean-Claude and Marcel were both sporting their own erections and were in need of their own release. As soon as the men removed their cocks, Jean-Claude turned toward Marcel and took the boy's cock in his mouth. No sooner had Jean-Claude engulfed Marcel's cock then there were two more men on either side of them. Marcel and Jean-Claude once again had big cocks in their asses as Jean-Claude sucked on Marcel's cock.

Marcel was pulled away from his cousin and another man appeared. Within seconds Marcel was bent over and his ass was filled with another large cock. This one went in a little easier and Marcel was sure it was because he was stretched by the first one that night. His cock was hard and he was disappointed that he didn't get to cum in Jean-Claude's mouth. He desperately wished someone would suck it for him.

"Please I need to cum too," he whispered to the stranger behind him.

The stranger in a heavy accent called to someone who was fucking another French boy. "Bring your toy over here and have him suck this cock."

Marcel watched as another very effeminate French boy was pushed over and forced to get on all fours in front of Marcel. "Suck him," another voice said.

The French boy took the cock in his mouth and began to suck on it. Marcel watched the young French boy get fucked as he too was fucked from behind. Marcel came quickly and flooded the boy's mouth but he remained hard and the boy kept right on sucking Marcel's cock. The four of them continued until the two strangers came in the two French assholes and Marcel came in the boy's mouth a second time. 

Jean-Claude had had his ass filled with cum again. He was once again servicing two new men. Marcel was led out of the row of seats and to an open area in the balcony. Jean-Claude watched as he sensed where the men were taking him. The men had Marcel get down on all fours and then someone passed a bottle under his nose. He inhaled and found the vapor made him lightheaded but the odor was intriguing. 

Marcel noticed that many men had gathered around him and they were all stroking their hard cocks. His clothes had been removed and he was completely naked on the floor. He only hoped that he would be able to find the clothes later. He felt another large cock fill his ass and then he looked at a huge black cock in front of his face. He took the cock in one hand and began to lick and kiss it. The Algerian was impatient however and he pushed forward shoving the cock in Marcel's mouth. He controlled the penetration and gave the Algerian a great blow job. 

Both men came, one flooding his mouth and the other his ass. Then the two cocks were replaced by two more and Marcel sucked and fucked until they came. He was then rolled over on his back, his legs lifted and his ass filled once again. He saw another French boy placed on all fours and made to suck his cock. Marcel watched as a huge black man knelt behind the boy and shoved his cock into the boy's ass. Then Marcel's head was turned to one side and he was presented with another uncut cock. He decided that he liked sucking on the uncut cocks. Within minutes the cocks were spurting in Marcel's ass and mouth again as he shot his load into the French boy's mouth.

Marcel lost track of how many cocks he sucked and how many were in his ass that night. He had no idea how long they had been at the theatre but he knew it was a night he would never forget. He managed to cum three times himself that night but he wished that he could have fucked one of the other French boys. Jean-Claude had also been royally fucked that night but it was nothing compared to what Marcel endured. Jean-Claude located Marcel's clothes and helped him get dressed. Then he took Marcel back to the apartment for a much-needed rest. The two of them slept soundly and woke up late Sunday morning.

TWO MONTHS EARLIER

That summer, Jean-Claude visited his aunt, uncle and cousin at their home in Nancy. He had caught Marcel staring at his ass several times and he suspected that his cousin might be gay like him. When it was time to turn in for the night they went to Marcel's bedroom which had two twin beds and they both slept in their undershorts. 

Jean-Claude had trouble sleeping and he started to play with himself. He was quiet and tried to be discreet as he slowly jerked off. His eyes were open and he had adjusted to the room lit only by the night light. Jean-Claude swore that he could see Marcel's bedcovers moving. He listened intently and then he heard the familiar sound of a hand brushing against the sheet. Jean-Claude continued to look and listen and then he was convinced that Marcel was jerking off too.

He eased his body out of bed and his own erect cock bobbed in front of him as he walked over to Marcel's bed. Marcel was on his side with his back to Jean-Claude and he was so involved with his masturbation that he never saw or heard his cousin approach the bed. Jean-Claude took a hold of the bed covers and with one quick movement he yanked them off of Marcel's body. Marcel was startled as Jean-Claude caught him with his shorts down to his knees and his hand wrapped around his erect cock. He smiled at his cousin and looked at his hard cock. He guessed his cousin's cock to be just about six inches just like his. Jean-Claude then reached for his cousin's cock and Marcel freaked out.

"Jean-Claude, what are you doing?"

"Let me jerk you off. I know you want to get off and it feels so much better when someone else does it for you."

"I've never done this Jean-Claude," he whispered back wondering how Jean-Claude knew what it felt like to have someone else's hand on his cock.

Jean-Claude got in bed with his cousin and snuggled up to him as he reached around and took a hold of Marcel's cock. Marcel felt as if a lightning bolt passed through his body when he felt his cousin's naked body against his own. Marcel cooed as a strange hand enveloped his cock. Jean-Claude then began to slowly stroke his cousin's cock. His own cock was still rock hard and he pressed it into his cousin's buttocks. He maneuvered his cock so that it rested between Marcel's ass cheeks and then he began to move as if he was fucking him. Marcel lay frozen as his cousin's cock nestled between his buttocks. He couldn't believe how big Jean-Claude's cock seemed against his ass.

Marcel started to feel his orgasm building and he agreed that Jean-Claude was right; it did feel better to have someone else jerking on his cock. Marcel's body stiffened and then he released a torrent of cum. It shot out of his cock and hit his chest and abs as well as dousing the bed sheets. Jean-Claude kept jerking his cousin's cock until every drop of semen was squeezed from the shaft. Jean-Claude was still moving his hips and his cock slid between the butt cheeks. Marcel was pleased with how good it felt sliding between the cheeks of his ass. Marcel had relaxed now and he awaited his cousin's ejaculation.

Jean-Claude's body went rigid as he ejaculated and Marcel felt the cock throb and pulsate in the crack of his ass. Then he felt the warm cum hit the back of his body as it shot out of his cousin's cock. Jean-Claude's cumming seemed endless and Marcel was covered in semen. Both of them stayed hard in spite of their intense orgasms and then Jean-Claude turned Marcel toward him. He reached down between them and he took both cocks in his hand and jerked them off together. They both came again drenching each other's pubes with semen but Jean-Claude wasn't done yet.

He continued to stroke their cocks and Marcel knew that he would cum again as he had no trouble ejaculating three or four times a day. When Jean-Claude was satisfied, that Marcel was close to cumming again, he rolled over on his side and guided Marcel's cock between his buttocks. Marcel loved the feel of his cock between Jean-Claude's ass cheeks as their bodies pressed together. He then guided his cousin's hand so that Marcel could grasped Jean-Claude's cock. Marcel slid his cock between Jean-Claude's buns as he jerked his cousin off. Both of them came again and this time Marcel's cum splattered on Jean-Claude's back as they ejaculated for third time that night.

Jean-Claude whispered to his cousin, "That's enough for tonight I have a lot more to show you tomorrow. We are going to have a wonderful time during my visit here." 

Jean-Claude then made his way back to his own bed and shortly thereafter they both fell asleep. Marcel dozed off in the cum soaked bed thinking about what Jean-Claude had done to him and what he had said about tomorrow. He wondered what else Jean-Claude was going to teach him.

MARCEL'S EDUCATION

Jean-Claude got out of bed first and went in to pee and wash up. He stared at his cousin standing at the sink naked brushing his teeth. He looked at his cousin's well-toned body and his round shapely ass. Marcel, like Jean-Claude was tanned golden brown except for their asses and pubes. They had tan lines that actually accentuated their curvy asses. Jean-Claude felt that familiar stirring in his loins. The parents had already left that morning so Jean-Claude knew that he and Marcel were alone in the house. Marcel noticed Jean-Claude's naked body and he felt chills run through his body as he thought about what they did last night. He was embarrassed but excited at the same time as he wondered what would happen next. He didn't have to wait long to find out.

Jean-Claude was the more experienced, so it was natural for him to make the first move. He moved behind his cousin and let his hand graze over the shapely buttock. Jean-Claude felt a sensation move through his body like an electric charge and his cock became erect at the touch of his cousin's ass. Marcel's buttocks tightened at the touch as he too felt electricity run through his body. He caressed the curvy ass again and Marcel's cock sprung to attention.

Jean-Claude stepped up close to his cousin and wrapped his arms around his chest and nuzzled his neck. Marcel felt Jean-Claude's erect cock pressed against his ass and he sighed deeply. Jean-Claude's hands moved down Marcel's chest over his abs and covered his pubes. Jean-Claude took Marcel's cock in one hand and cupped his balls in the other. Jean-Claude's cock nestled into the crack of Marcel's ass. Marcel groaned as Jean-Claude stroked his cock and fondled his testicles.

Jean-Claude then turned Marcel around to face him and kissed him deeply. It was Marcel's first kiss with another man. As their tongues dueled as they kissed, Jean-Claude reached down and grabbed both their erect cocks in one hand and stroked them together. They stayed like that for several minutes until Jean-Claude dropped down on his knees and took his cousin's cock in his mouth. For the first time in his life Marcel had his cock in someone's mouth. Jean-Claude sucked on Marcel for a short while before he stood up and spoke.

"Do you like that?" Jean-Claude asked.

Marcel answered with his eyes closed and hissed, "Yes!" 
