 Ted's parents still didn't know that he had dropped out of college. They had really high expectations for him: getting a job, paying his own rent...it was just too hard and three more years of school wasn't what he wanted. So Ted decided to lay low for a while and live off of the left over tuition money they'd given him the previous semester while he worked in as a valet part-time. Although money was tight, Ted generally found ways to get around paying for certain things. For instance, tonight he agreed to have dinner with his older brother, Dennis, who appeared to be avoiding him the last few weeks. Dennis was five years his senior and gainfully employed, so Ted counted on getting a free dinner out of the visit as usual.

Around seven-thirty, Dennis arrived at Ted's apartment and drove them both to Chico's, a Mexican restaurant on the sketchy side of town. Dennis looked unimpressed, but Ted insisted on stopping there because they offered a good beer menu. Bells at the front door jingled as they entered. Ted yapped away about experimenting with marijuana while Dennis stayed unusually quiet. They seated themselves before a tall, pony-tailed waiter came by and took both of their orders.

"What's up with you?" Ted asked, smiling as he took advantage of the complementary chips and salsa.

"I wanted to see you for a reason."

"Spill it."

"When were you gonna tell me about Brooke?" the older boy asked, referring to his fiancé.

"Brooke? What about her?"

"You already know what. She told me that you slept together."

Ted stopped eating for a moment.

"I know this doesn't make it any better...but I was drunk when it happened and it was before you guys were serious about each other. I was different back then, you remember," Ted shrugged in the cute way that always made his parents get off of his case. Wavy brown hair and deep blue eyes, he had a naturally angelic look to him that everybody fell for. He was used to being let off the hook for every lousy thing he ever didn't and expected Dennis to let this go too.

"Back then? It was only last semester."

"Oh. Well, I've changed. I'm way more grown up now. Promise."

"I can't believe you sometimes," Dennis said, staring down as their waiter placed a full plate in front of him. But he couldn't eat. He was too upset. "I'll be right back," he said, heading toward the men's room.

Ted waited until his brother was out of sight before ordering a couple of the pricier beers at Dennis's expense. By the time their waiter swung around with his drinks, Dennis still wasn't back yet. It'd been almost ten minutes. Another five passed by and the waiter, a broad shouldered Mexican guy circled the table, giving him a strange look. Ted threw the same look back at him. Ten more minutes passed without Dennis's return and Ted began to worry. Had his brother slipped and hit his head on the sink or something? Stranger things had happened. He got up to go check on him.

"Hey," said the waiter. "You forgot to pay your bill."

"No, I'm not leaving, I just want to see if my brother is okay. He went to the bathroom and—"

"I'll check for you. You stay here." Ted rolled his eyes and sat back in the booth. He started to notice that the restaurant was practically empty aside from one or two stragglers who were headed toward the cashier. His waiter came back looking perturbed. "No one was in the bathroom. Pay your bill."

"What? No. My brother Dennis just went in there. Maybe he's outside having a smoke. Go check."

The waiter squinted his eyes.

"Pay your bill," he repeated and walked back toward the kitchen. 

Peeking out of a window, Ted now saw that Dennis's car was gone. 

"Oh, shit," he started thinking to himself. He hadn't brought much money, never did with Dennis, expecting him to pay for everything. The cashier, a short fat woman brought over his bill and took off her apron before yelling something in Spanish to the waiter in the kitchen and taking off. Ted read the bill. "Thirty-eight dollars?" he said to himself quietly. He wished he hadn't had those last two beers. Looking around to see that he was alone now, Ted pulled out whatever money he had in his pocket and put it on the table: twelve bucks. Then he stood up and tried to dash for the door. But when he got there, the waiter cut him off.

"Hey, where you think you're going?"

"Oh, I already paid."

"No you didn't. Juanita already told me," he said, obviously referring to the cashier who had just gone home.

"Well fine, okay? Just put it on my tab."

"What tab? We don't do that here, white boy. This isn't your side of town. Over here we like money, not I.O.U's."

"Look, Ramon," Ted said with an attitude as he read the other man's name tag. "I only have twelve bucks and I left it on the table." He could tell now that Ramon wasn't just a waiter. He also appeared to be the restaurant manager, which made him feel like he was in even deeper shit. But he tried to hide those feelings.

"Well, you ate more than twelve dollars worth of food, so pay up or work it off."

"I told you I don't have any money."

"Then get your ass in the kitchen and start washing dishes!" 

Ted did as he was told, intimidated by the other man's decision to start yelling at him. In fact he was a little scared and Ramon wasn't watching, he snuck a phone call to someone, anyone who could come pick him up ASAP. 

Afraid of getting into some real trouble without anyone around to witness it, Ted got straight to work, but there wasn't enough soap. He checked under the sink, inside of a pantry, everywhere before going to find the manager again. He could hear talking. It was coming from the back room, the office. Ted barged in and saw the manager sitting at the desk, pants undone as he masturbated and talked in Spanish to someone on the phone. Ramon's hand glided up and down a stiff, brown cock that glistened at the tip. His girth was impressive, especially the mushroom head. An uncut foreskin covered it like a glove, sliding back and forth with the movement of his hand. Ted mentally compared it to his own and felt a little envious. "Hey puta!" a voice suddenly yelled at him. "I'll call you back," the other man said into his cell phone then slammed it down on the desk. "You like staring at my cock, huh? You faggot. Joto!"

"No. I was just looking for soap!" Ted said, stepping backward. "I didn't know you were doing that in here. Sorry! I'll just go back to washing dishes."

"No! You were spying on me. I watched you," Ramon said stroking himself. He stood up, looking angry, but excited at the same time. 

Ted felt strange inside, scared, but aroused. He wanted to turn away, wanted to look somewhere else, but his eyes focused on the other man's lap. That was the thing about being so young. He was horny all time and didn't consider the consequences of his actions, like what might happen after sleeping with his brother's girlfriend or staring at another man's cock. Now it looked like Ramon might punish him. As much as Ted liked to think of himself as non-racist, Ramon's dark Latin skin and thick accent scared him. He was tall and looked like he worked out a lot, much more than Ted who was also tall, but sort of lean. He was a swimmer, not a weight-lifter. Ted suddenly felt extremely vulnerable.

"It was an accident. I'll get back to work now."

"No. I got a new job for you."

Ted looked into Ramon's eyes for the first time.

"What?"

"You know what. Come into the office."

"But—,"

"Now!" the other man demanded. Ted thought about making a run for it. Maybe he could just snatch some of the money he'd left behind on the front table and catch a bus home or something, but fear and just a hint of curiosity made him look around the empty kitchen then, follow Ramon into his office.

Ted watched the other man step out of his pants, underwear included, and have a seat before lifting his shirt to reveal and firm abdomen. 

"Come over here," Ramon commanded, stroking his thick manhood. "I want you to suck this." Fear and envy turned into arousal as Ted just stared for a moment. "Want me to make you do it? I'll shove this down your throat!" Ramon said roughly. The other boy shook his head, got on his knees then, leaned forward into the other man's lap. Nervous, Ted looked upward for instruction. Ramon was good-looking and maybe five or six years older. Strands of semi-long black hair was falling out of his ponytail framed his face. "C'mon joto, I know you wanna wrap your lips around me. Taste it."

Ted leaned a little more forward and got his first taste of pre-cum as it drizzled out of Ramon's fat cock. It felt like the ice had been broken after that and his hormones took over, forcing him to slurp the whole thing into his mouth. His tongue traced the veins and lapped at the head while the other man kept a firm grasp on his wavy hair, pulling him closer and closer into a pose of submission.

"Oh yeah..." Ramon sighed. "White boys do it so good. You feel better than my girlfriend." 

Ted reached down between his own legs and started to play with himself through tight jeans. The feel of hot, Mexican cock in his mouth was amazing. Once or twice he'd let one of his bi-curious roommates suck him when he was living in the dorms, but switching roles was so much better. Having his hair pulled while the other man moaned loudly was such a turn on.

Suddenly, things started to take an aggressive turn. Ramon was about to come. Ted could tell because he was really riding his face now, choking him with the crown of his penis. He gagged over and over again, drool pouring from his lips. A sticky sound filled the air each time Ramon's balls slapped him in the chin. At times he thought he couldn't breathe. No air could get down his throat and his nose was constantly pressed against Ramon's pubic hair. He kept his mouth open anyway and just took it.

"Yes!" Ramon practically yelled as he shot a huge load at the back of Ted's throat and held him there to make sure it slid all the way down into his stomach. Ted felt absolutely disgusted. But the idea of being forced to swallow another man's come turned over in his brain over and over again as Ramon emptied himself until Ted felt so ashamed, so sexually abused that it made him feel good. It felt great to finally have someone around who was willing to discipline him. He touched himself then, his body started to convulse. His muscles clenched together and he came in his jeans.

A jingling sound came from the front door.

"Hello?" called a woman's voice. "Ted?" It was Brooke. The two of them were still having an affair despite anything that Ted had told his brother and she had been the first person he called when thinking of someone to give him a ride home. 

Ted had almost forgotten that he'd called her for a ride. Ramon looked down at him, seeming pissed. He pulled up his pants and threw a towel down at Ted who used it to clean himself up. But the wet spot on the front of his pants was unignorable. It was so obvious. 

"What do I do?" he asked in a small voice.

"That's your problem, Joto." Ted unzipped the sweatshirt he'd been wearing and wrapped it around his waist, letting the sleeves hang over the wet spot on the front of his jeans. He made a move to leave the office. Being pushed out to meet Brooke with Ramon just behind him was humiliating. Ted kept wonder whether he would tell her about what had just happened. He didn't stop worrying until after they'd left the restaurant.

"So he just left you here?" Brooke asked as they climbed into the car.

"Uh, yeah. He was really mad."

"Sorry about that. We got in an argument and I wanted to piss him off. Didn't mean to get you in trouble," Brooke smiled before leaning over to kiss Ted. She tasted something in his mouth, but couldn't decide what it is. "Did you get enough to eat? Or did they make you clean right away?"

Ted looked back at the restaurant, Ramon was locking up the front door. He rested a hand on his stomach, thinking about the last thing he'd eaten.

"Me? I got plenty."