 What I was not expecting, what I could not have imagined, is being physically overcome by my lust filled desire. He stood there, as he has daily, with the same smile and same swagger he always displays. Why am I suddenly willing to bare myself naked for him? Why do I feel this need for him? Why do I want him to fuck me like a whore? 

I have to stop asking why and figure out how. How can I get him between my legs? How can I get his very nicely proportioned cock in me? How can I possess his essence? 

I could leap from my seat, rush him, pull his pants to the floor, and put a lip lock on his love muscle. That might get his attention but he does not seem to be someone who could handle a direct frontal assault. I have to make him believe I am his choice.

"Everyday Marty, you come by my cube with the same smile and swagger. I don't feel my work day begins until you pass." I hope that I did not sound too forward. I wanted to sound as though he helps make my day.

The smile on Marty's face broadened. "I come by your cube every morning for the same reason, Jason. Hey, lets do lunch today, my treat." 

I guess I was just the right amount of forward, "Lunch sounds good, and I usually break around 12:30. Does that work for you?" I hope he did not hear too much excitement in my voice. I felt like a teen shaking with anticipation.

"Yep, 12:30 is perfect. Lets meet in the break room. You like Dave's Deli?" I got a hint from his voice he felt the same excitement as me.

"Yeah, Dave makes a Rubin to die for. That's a plan, Marty."

I felt buzzed all morning, all my morning contacts clicked; I made a couple high dollar proposals and got contract offers. All I had to wait for is faxed approvals, and they came through at high noon. I could push the paper to production after lunch. As the clock reached 12:27, I was free for lunch.

Marty and I walked into Dave's Deli. We were sixth in line to order, we talked shop until we ordered, then went off to find a table. 

"Jason, I appreciate you having lunch with me. We meet in the morning in passing but never have done anything social." Marty's voice was both excited and apprehensive at the same time. "I hope you are not scared off when I tell you I'm gay. I try to have office friendships but I just can't seem to connect with people."

"I hope you are not scared off by me saying, I don't care. I accept whatever you are as long as you can accept me as I am." Marty's face showed much relief.

"What do you mean, accept you as you are," came his next question.

Marty outed himself to me for no reason even though I suspected him as gay. Now it is my turn to answer his curiosity. "Marty, we have a lot more in common than you suspect. I am gay also; just keep it to myself during the workday. Be yourself, it is not important to be gay Marty, just be Marty."

Our sandwiches arrived and the conversation shifted to other subjects. Marty was very much a conventionalist; we joked and laughed all through our lunch hour. As we headed back to the office and our cubes, Marty asked what I do on weekends.

As I explained the different things I do, he made mental notes. Some things I do are things he does and other things were different. I guess that is the nature of people. "Hey Marty, why don't we meet Saturday, go to the University basketball game, drink a couple beers and hang out? I'm a big fan of University."

"Our first fight already, I'm a fan of Up State. I hope you can forgive that little transgression."

"Little transgression," I smiled, "that is a mortal sin and may require a little wager." I was going to wager my ass although I did not tell Marty that. If University wins, I would let him fuck me. If Up State wins, I would let him fuck me, a total win-win.

"I don't bet money on sports, too easy to lose. I will wager dinner. You win I cook at my place. I win, you cook at your place." Marty made the perfect wager and I knew we do more than see a game and I think he had the same idea.

As the workweek slipped by, Marty and I had our usual morning greetings and one more lunch before Saturday. "I took your advice, Jason. I am trying not to play the gay card and people are noticing it. I owe you."

I laughed heartily adding, "I will collect on that debt, trust me." Marty laughed and we concluded lunch. Walking back to our cubes, Marty whistled. "You are scheming something, Marty. Care to let me in on it?"

Marty did not conceal his agenda. "Well, Jason, I am actually thinking about a payment plan for my IOU."

"Marty, I am confident you will have your payment plan in place by Saturday no matter who cooks dinner. We should go to the game in one car instead of trying to park two. I don't mind riding."

"Then we have a plan, I don't mind driving, you." We both smiled at our veiled double meanings. We were syncing at an interpersonal level.

Saturday arrived with plans of Marty coming to my place for lunch then off to the game; I was becoming anxious waiting. The knock on my door startled me back to the real world. Marty made it on time, exactly.?I made a simple lunch of burgers, chips, and ice tea, I hope that is okay with you.?

"Oh heck, yeah, fine. What can I do to help?" Marty jumped right into helping with. A couple times, we bumped into each other and I swear I felt him purposely push against me, or was it wishful thinking?

We spent lunch in playful banter over which team would win and how much we will enjoy our victory dinner. The ride to the sports complex was short and finding parking was easier than we both expected.

Inside, the basketball arena was awash in color of University black and gold, Up State had supporters in Up State green and blue. All pre game activities were in full swing. University's swing band played a mix of up tempo swing and jazz music. The precision dance squad performed to the music. The place was abuzz when the teams came out for warm up and introductions.

University was the favored team by 25 points, yet Up State was not a push over. The game proved that odds makers get it wrong. At the half, Up State surprised the audience being ahead, not by much, but ahead.

"So, Jason, what are you serving me for dinner," Marty demanded, a playful smile on his face, his eyes sparkled. I was tempted to tell him I was the main course no matter who won.

"Ha! You be serving me your words while I make you eat them. Game ain't over yet!" We went to get some popcorn and soft drinks that Marty paid for. He said it was because I made lunch. On the way back to our seats, I hinted, "I hope you know how I want the evening to end, Marty."

He turned to look at me directly; I could see his lips quiver a bit. "I wasn't sure, only hopeful."

Those last two sentences between us sparked the air. Throughout the second half our spirits sored and neither cared who won the game. University did win; however the margin was less than 25 points, final score was 79 to 68.

"Listen, Jason, I was going to invite you for dinner no matter who won. What do you want on the menu? We'll stop to pick up everything on the way." We got to his car and loaded in. We both seemed to lean into the seat trying to fasten our seat belts. We made momentary cheek-to-cheek contact then turned our faces to each other and shared a quick kiss. "That sweetens the pot."

"Yes, it does, Marty. Lets splurge on dinner; I will split costs with you. How are your cooking skills? I'm thinking salmon, baby potatoes, mixed vegetables, and a beer crafted to go well with fish." I said nothing about dessert because we both knew that menu item.

"Nice idea, lets get the groceries and head for my place." Marty and I talked about the game we watched. Some way the conversation shifted to the game we were playing as a prelude to what we knew was a night of heavy breathing.

"Jason," Marty asked, "why are you willing to come home with me knowing that it isn't about dinner and winning a wager?"

"Each one of your morning stops by my cube are the reason. You can take me to McDonald's for a fish sandwich and fries to pay off your wager. I want enjoy your company and enjoy you." I boldly reached across the center console, put my hand over Marty's crotch, and got a feel of his manliness. "Yes, enjoy you."

Marty sucked in a deep breath, "How do you enjoy your enjoyment, Jason?"

I looked squarely in Marty's face and answered, "You'll get to the bottom of what I like, don't worry." We didn't go to McDonald's, we did buy the few ingredients needed for dinner, and made it to Marty's place in what could only be considered record time.

Preparing dinner was very much a comedy. We both wanted to share the work and we both got in the other's way constantly. Of course, being in the other's way allowed for some incidental touching and intentional touching. Our senses heightened through preparation and when everything was in the oven baking, we had a little time to concentrate on ourselves.

Marty made the first move to embrace me and I followed his lead with our first real kiss. Marty did nothing to hide his growing manhood and I did everything I could to feel it. I was enjoying my own growing manhood.

I dropped my hands to the waistband of Marty's pants trying to loosen the button and lower his zipper. I wanted to have him in my mouth and we had plenty of time while dinner baked.

Marty helped me taking my hand in his and guiding me. When his pants fell to the floor and his cock emerged from hiding, the content in his shorts impressed me. He was over seven inches long and close to two inches thick. I do not like massive cocks and Marty was a perfect full filling size.

I went to my knees to investigate him at eye level then opened my mouth and engulfed his cockhead. Marty sighed a deep moan as my mouth took more of him in. "Oh, holy shit, Jason!" Marty spewed a lot of clear liquid semen as I sucked. I guessed he was very close to cumming and I wanted it in my mouth.

I knew if he had a good cum now, he would be less sensitive in my ass and able to fuck me longer. His pre cum tasted good and soon Marty gave me the warning signal. When his orgasm hit, he jetted copious amounts of sperm I my mouth; I savored every drop and did not swallow until he drained it all onto my tongue.

I chewed his cum as if I tasted the bouquet of a fine wine. I made short sucking noises as I tried to test the taste. In the end, I looked up, saw Marty watching, and then swallowed. He stepped out of his pants and pulled his shirt off. I followed his lead again and got naked.

In the remaining minutes before dinner came from the oven, Marty returned the favor I performed on him. He drew me deeply into his mouth; with his hands, he fondled my ass and tickled my ass hole. Feeling his fingers poking at my ass made me wild, I cried out and spammed wildly in his mouth and on his finger. I wanted to cum and Marty made sure I did. He did not put on the same display I had although he swallowed my offering.

"Marty," I gasped, "that was awesome. You have magic fingers, a magic tongue, and a magic cock that I want in me." As we recovered from our round of oral sex, and while we waited for dinner to finish cooking, we drank a beer.

Our dinner was perfect, filling, not over full, spiced just right, and put us in a good mood. We had not dressed to eat and together, naked, we cleaned the kitchen. In our aroused state, each bump and knock into each other was sexual. Marty felt the jolts of energy also; he kept contact with me as much as possible. 

As we finished cleaning, Marty stepped behind me. I felt him lightly touching, there, but more like a ghost touch. I sighed at the sensation; Marty edged closer. His cock touched me along my butt crack, I sighed deeper. 

Marty excited me with his touches and I yearned to have him in me. I rotated my hips gently hoping to let Marty I was ready for him. He pulled me away from the kitchen guiding me to his open living room. There, we fell onto the deep couch cushions. 

"Jason, I want you," Marty spoke with firm resolve. "I want you to want me, too."

I did not speak my answer; rather I leaned in to kiss Marty with all the passion I could muster. My hands touched his body feeling each hair, each ridge and valley of his skin. Lower my hands crept until I could wrap my fingers around his cock; I stroked his hardness. We broke the kiss long enough for me to tell Marty I wanted him. "Marty, I'm here for you to take, and I want you to take me."

Marty produced a tube of Astroglide from somewhere setting it aside for the right moment. We returned to our kisses and exploration of our bodies. Marty used his skilled fingers to massage my ass and touch my ass hole. I was rocking my hips against his fingers and moaning into his kisses. 

With one hand, Marty continued his exploration. His other hand reached the lube. I felt the moistness against my ass hole as he squeezed. The lubrication of his fingers and my ass let his fingers probe deeper. I pushed hard against the invading probes while crying out in pleasure.

"Marty, holy shit! Fuck me!" I shifted my position to kneel on the couch cushions. Marty scrambled behind me as eager to fuck me, as I was to take it from him. Marty pushed his cock head against my lubricated ass hole, his cock felt huge compared to his fingers although I knew I could take him. 

I relaxed my ass muscles and Marty rewarded me with a hearty push. He slipped fully into me with a loud moan that matched mine. I felt his cock against my prostate giving it stimulation. "We have all night Marty. No hurry to cum, fuck me long and slow."

Marty withdrew slowly and when he was about to pop out, he began an equally slow push back. I swooned with pleasure as each long stroke massaged my prostate adding to my lust. "Oh god, Jason! You feel ... Oh, shit... You feel good on my cock."

I turned to smile at Marty. The pleasure and lust on his face matched mine. He returned my smile with puckered lips and blew a kiss. "You are going to give me an anal orgasm, Marty. Oh, fuck. Your cock is rubbing my prostate and I will cum soon. Keep fucking me. Faster now."

Marty started using more force in his thrusts. He pounded his cock into me as my prostate throbbed against his cock. My p-spot orgasm exploded, semen escaped my cock as if I pissed the cushions. Marty's cock expanded and contracted when his orgasm hit. Warm jets of his sperm sprayed into me; it was a wet load that I gladly accepted.

Our sexual after glow kept us buzzed for many minutes. Marty's raging hard on diminished somewhat although he remained semi erect. He continued to push and pull in and out of me as I squeezed against him savoring all the sensations his body gave mine. I turned my head to look at Marty; I swooned again. The look on his face was that of complete satisfaction mixed with lust and desire. 

I smiled at him hoping he knew I wanted him to continue fucking me; I could not remember being sexually stimulated as Marty made me. "We still have all night, Marty," I breathed. 

Marty smiled through the pure lust on his face. "I know we do Jason. Feel me getting hard in you?" He was growing to full size again and taking longer strokes. Every nerve in my body responded to his renewed ministrations and his new hardness in me.

Many minutes elapsed as we drove our bodies to new heights of passion. Marty forced me to lie on my stomach as he stretched his body on top of me. He kissed and laved my neck and shoulders as he rolled his hips into mine. I fumbled with cushions to place under me giving him deeper penetration of my ass and more stimulation of my swollen prostate.

I felt Marty rise from lying across my back and as he did, he picked up his pace fucking me with more authority. "Oh my god, yes! Marty, fuck me. Shit, fuck me. Your cock, oh fuck, what a cock, fuck!" 

We grunted, moaned, cried, and fucked. Soon, Marty began stroking very erratically as he neared another orgasm. "Jason! Fuck, I'm cumming again. Take my cum, fuck!" He pressed his length into me just as his cock swelled and contracted with a new load of thick milky goodness erupting from his magnificent cock.

Marty collapsed against me as his orgasm spent itself. He breathed heavy from the excretion of two powerful orgasms in my ass and one in my mouth a few hours ago. "Marty," I panted with him, "That was awesome. Rest with me, don't move, just rest."

"Awesome? Awesome nothing! It was you, Jason. You and your hot ass are awesome." Marty continued breathing heavily though I could feel his lips on my neck. Marty did begin to return to normal, his cock weakened in size and finally slipped from ass. We drifted into a slumber of sated lust.

I stirred from my sleep feeling Marty pull away from me. "No," I sighed, "don't go." 

Marty chuckled and rose. "I have to pee. I'll be back."

Although I did not want to move, I knew I needed to use the bathroom also. I groaned as I rose from the cushions, my body telling me just how much I exerted while receiving Marty's sex. "Me too, and a shower."

Just watching Marty walk to the bathroom was a turn on; his every body movement had a deliberate affect on me. I wanted more of him.

Marty finished his pee and I took my place, sitting rather standing. With a great rush, I peed as my ass expelled Marty's lust deposit. Marty stood near me watching me as I watched him. "My god, Jason, I want more of you. Your body excites me. I want to get you in bed and start all over again."

I thought the same thing as I smiled at Marty. "Trust me Marty, we are not done." I flushed my mess down the toilet and began adjusting the shower water. "Shower with me Marty." We stepped into the shower; the cascading hot water soothed my aching muscles and washed our sex from my body.

Marty shared in the comfort of the hot water as we washed. He produced a douching wand for the shower nozzle telling me to relax as he cleaned my rectum. "Let me clean you Jason. I know you will like it. The hot water will flush you clean."

The flow from the hand held wand was gentle and slowly filled my ass. I squeezed against the wand trying to retain as much water as I could before expelling it in a great release. "Marty, I have always enjoyed enemas and douches. Please don't stop, make me clean for your cock." I felt myself building to another anal orgasm. "Like that, Marty. Rub my prostate, make me cum." I squeezed, retained, and released several times until the pressure against my p-spot erupted in orgasm; my cock spewed semen as Marty kept pressure against my prostate.

When my orgasm subsided, Marty removed the wand and let it flow. With soap, he cleaned the wand and handed it to me. "Jason, teach me to have an anal orgasm."

Since Marty had a douching wand, I presumed he did some bottom; however, I had to make sure. "Marty, this important, do you like bottom? It won't happen unless you can really relax into the sensations your body gives you."

He looked at me as though he never heard a question like mine. "I do bottom sometimes. It never really feels good to me." We finished our shower, dried, and returned to the living room naked. "How did you learn to enjoy your bottom, Jason?" 

There were a dozen answers screaming to escape, all the technical answers, anatomical answers, and sexual answers competing for voice. My simple answer seemed to satisfy, "Slowly, Marty."

The expected next question forced me to the root of the question, "Why slowly?"

I slid across the couch sitting next to Marty. I draped my arm around his shoulders, drew his face to mine and kissed him sensually. "Slowly," I whispered. We continued kissing, Marty following my lead. My other hand and arm caressed his torso, Marty's nipples were stiff, and I pinched them hard enough to get whimpers from Marty. Then with just fingertips grazing his skin, my hand went lower over his abdomen, and lightly touched his hard cock.
