 A BUSY SATURDAY

On a Saturday when nothing was really planned, Marcel ended up with a jam-packed day that he would not soon forget. It wasn't just the day that was jam-packed but his irresistible sweet ass was as well. It started with the normal Saturday morning ritual with his roommate Chante. The two lovely gays were in Marcel's bed in a 69-position sucking each other's cock. That was just the warm-up though as they were anxious to fuck each other. 

First it was Marcel who moved to all fours and had his bottom well-lubed by his roommate. Chante's cock was throbbing with the anticipation of fucking the sweet ass again. In fact, he never tired of fucking the pretty Marcel. He eased his cock into the experienced ass and moved slowly as he tried to make the anal sex last as long as he could. He loved watching his cock slide in and out between the curvy buttocks and he loved caressing the smooth cheeks. 

As much as he tried to make it last, he came quicker than he had wanted. His cock pulsated and he shot a huge load deep into the clenching rectum. He pressed forward and felt the shapely buttocks against his pubes as he emptied his balls into the receptive passage. Marcel groaned when he felt the surge of semen shoot into him, a feeling that he cherished. Chante felt the sphincter tighten around his shaft and milk it free of his remaining sperm. 

Then it was Marcel's turn to fuck his roommate. It was like a repeat performance except that it was a different cock in a different ass. Marcel loved Chante's ass as it was nearly as nice as his own. He too loved watching his cock move in and out as he fondled the sweet cheeks. It didn't take long before he came and drenched his lover's rectum. He always had a voluminous ejaculation when it was the first of the day. Chante's channel was flooded and the seed seeped out past Marcel's smaller cock. The two boys used towels to wipe their bottoms. 

"Felipe will be here soon," Chante reminded Marcel.

"Oh, I can't stay I have to see Dr. DuBois this morning right after breakfast."

"Felipe will be disappointed. You know how much he loves your ass."

"Maybe later, the three of us can get together."

"Is DuBois going to fuck you again today?"

"I don't think so. He just asked me to stop by and pick up some paper work."

"Ha! Don't be surprised if you don't find yourself on that exam table with his big dick in your ass." 

"He does have a big dick, doesn't he? Well, I will see what happens. I'm going to shower now."

Marcel tossed on a pair of shorts and made his way to the showers. As he washed and douched his ass, he thought of Dr. DuBois and his large cock. If the doctor was up for sex, he was too. He wondered if Nurse Rafael would be there too. He finished his shower and returned to his dorm room to get dressed. Upon entering the room, he saw that Felipe had arrived and he was in bed with Chante. Felipe had his impressive cock buried in his roommate's ass.

Marcel went about getting dressed as the other two had sex in Chante's bed. By the time, he was ready to leave, they had moved to a spoon position. Felipe was behind Chante fucking him and giving him a reach around. In a way, Marcel wished that he could join them but it was time for him to leave. He would have breakfast first and then visit the doctor's office. 

He was one of the early ones to the dining room and hardly anyone was there yet. Typical for a Saturday morning. He dined alone and then made another stop in the bathroom to pee before his appointment. He left the building and headed to the doctor's office.

TWO MORE FOR MARCEL

Marcel arrived at the doctor's office and he was greeted by Rafael. Minutes later Maurice DuBois joined them and he told Marcel to strip.

"I thought that I was to just pick up some papers."

"Yes, Marcel but we need to verify the last test. I need to examine your prostate again."

"Really, what seems to be the problem?"

"I won't know until I check you again. Now just lean over the exam table as you did the last time and Rafael will lubricate you."

Marcel did as he was directed and he thought back to what Chante had said. He had a feeling that DuBois would be doing more than going over papers. He felt the nurse behind him lubricating his anus and he knew that he would have more than a finger in there that morning. He felt the strong hands on his shoulders and then the large cock entered his ass. Rafael had guided the doctor's cock into Marcel's bottom.

Maurice fucked the young pretty gay slowly as he savored every second he was in the sweet ass. Rafael had moved to his knees in front of Marcel and gobbled up the stiff erection. Marcel always loved having his cock sucked while he was fucked and he was pleased that it was happening again. Doctor DuBois must have really been horny because he came very quickly. However, he remained in Marcel's ass determined to cum a second time before vacating the receptive chamber. 

Rafael was caressing Marcel's testicles as he sucked on the vibrant smaller cock. Between the fondling of his balls, the succulent mouth and the big dick in his ass, Marcel felt his release building. His lithe slender body stiffened and he ejaculated into the nurse's mouth. His seed spewed from his shaft and quickly flooded the oral cavity. Rafael blocked the forceful discharge with his tongue allowing the semen to run out of his mouth. The rest of it he swallowed and then proceeded to suck the cock free of any remaining cream. 

Maurice continued to fuck the lovely sweet ass and he was really moving now drilling the cute bottom. Marcel emitted a vocal, "Ah," each time the doctor thrust into him. Rafael desperately needed to cum at the point so he climbed on the exam table and offered his cock for Marcel to suck. The student willingly took the nurse's dick in his mouth. Rafael was excited and he too came quickly with his first release. The seed shot into Marcel's mouth and he swallowed as fast as it entered. 

Right after Rafael came, Maurice felt his nuts tighten and he filled the rectum with his second load. Marcel felt the semen fire into his curvy bottom and he rotated his ass in circles indicating his pleasure. He could feel the sperm swishing around in his rectum as the second load mingled with the first. Cum trickled out even with the cock still in him and ran down his leg. Maurice eased his softening cock out of the clenching ass and watched as more of his seed flowed from the dilated anus. 

"Rafael, would you like to fuck him now?"

"Oh yes," the nurse replied and scrambled off of the exam table.

He got behind Marcel and eased his smaller cock into the well stretched bottom. His cock entered with ease and he began fucking the student slowly at first and then he picked up the pace. His thrust caused the lovely buttocks to jiggle, a sight he dearly loved. Within minutes he was cumming and shooting into the gripping, clenching rectum. He loved the way Marcel could grip a cock with his ass. 

"Very good Marcel, Rafael will help you get cleaned up and maybe I will see you next week. We may need to check your prostate again."

Maurice left the exam room and Rafael douched Marcel's ass and they both cleaned up. Marcel got dressed and left the office. He headed back to the main building. Checking the time, it was almost 1:00 PM and he had been in the doctor's office for over three hours. No wonder his legs were stiff from standing at the foot of the exam table. He wasn't too hungry but decided to have a light lunch before the dining room closed. 

MARCEL MEETS MORE RESIDENT ASSISTANTS

Marcel entered the dining room and it was still fairy crowded. He got his food and looked for a place to sit. He heard a voice and he saw that it was Jacques, the resident assistant. He was seated with three other Senior students.

"Marcel, come and join us."

Knowing it would not be smart to refuse, he sat at the table with the four seniors. Jacques introduced them as Julian, Henri and Pierre. 

"Marcel, they are all resident assistants like me."

"Nice to meet you."

"Nice to meet you too Marcel," Julian replied and then noted, "Jacques was bragging about you lovely ass."

Marcel blushed as he realized that Jacques must have shared their encounter with the others. "Really," he responded nervously.

"Oh yes, he said you are quite the good fuck." 

"Are all of you gay?"

Henri laughed and responded, "No we are not gay but we like having are cocks sucked and fucking cuties like you."

Marcel sensed that after lunch he would be their toy to do whatever they wanted. He was nervous but Jacques assured him that they would all have fun. He finished his lunch and as he was told, he went with the four seniors to their building. They took him to an isolated room where several mattresses were on the floor. Immediately Marcel sensed that a lot of sex had taken place in that room.

"Get undressed," Jacques ordered.

Marcel took off his clothes and at the same time watched the others do the same. He knew about Jacques big cock but then he saw three more impressive cocks come into view. Each dick had to be at least 7" long, some a bit longer and they were all thick. He was directed to kneel on one of the mattresses. They would fuck him beginning with the smallest cock and finishing with Jacques. Henri was the first to go and he began by lubing Marcel's bottom.

"My, my he does have a lovely ass, so fuckable," Henri whispered.

Once he was lubed, Henri slipped his cock into the well-used bottom and fucked him slowly. Julian knelt in front of Marcel and offered the cute gay his cock to suck on. 

"Get me hard and wet for your ass. I'll be there as soon as Henri is done with you."

Jacques then reminded his colleagues, "Cum on him not in him. I don't want an ass full of cum when I go there."

Henri was enamored with the lovely ass and it did not take him long to cum. He pulled out and shot a substantial load onto Marcel's back. He stroked his cock free of all semen and then moved away. Julian moved quickly and removed his cock from the succulent mouth and knelt behind the pretty gay. He lubed his cock quickly and then eased it into the curvy bottom. Pierre then offered his cock to Marcel's mouth.

The ritual continued with Julian shooting his load on Marcel's effeminate body before moving away. Then it was Pierre in the boy's ass and Jacques moved in to get his cock sucked. Pierre was very turned on and he too came quicker than he expected. He pulled out and sprayed his seed onto the curvy bottom and back. Finally, it was Jacques feeding Marcel his big dick.

This time since he was the last one, Jacques did not pull out but instead flooded Marcel's rectum with a huge load. Marcel's thighs were burning from being on all fours for so long. He collapsed forward onto the mattress with Jacques semen oozing from his well-fucked ass. He lay still as he recovered and he could feel the sperm trickling out of his anus. He never heard he the others leave but soon realized he was alone and naked.

Marcel cleaned up the best he could and got dressed. Walking gingerly, he left the building and headed back to his dorm room. He was still a bit in disbelief that he had had seven cocks in his ass that day beginning with his roommate. His rectum was tingling from all the action. He had not had so many cocks in him since the time Jean-Claude took him to the notorious theatre. As he approached his room, he hoped that he would be alone for a while as he need to rest. He wasn't in the mood to see Felipe or engage in a threesome with him and Chante. He was relieved when he arrived and the dorm room was empty. He flopped down on the bed and dozed off quickly.

NEW NEWS

On Sunday morning Marcel work up to the gentle shaking and soft voice of his roommate. "Marcel, wake up, let's go to brunch before it is too late."

"Oh, okay, thanks for waking me."

"You were in a very deep sleep. You must have had a busy day yesterday."

"More than you would ever guess. I'll tell you about it over brunch."

"Felipe will be joining us. He had some news he wants to share."

The two roommates went down the hall to take quick showers and then get dressed. While they were showering, Marcel noticed an absolutely drop dead gorgeous young student. He definitely had some Asian blood in him. He had jet black hair with a slender body about the same as Marcel. He had a tiny cock but an absolute killer ass and Marcel felt his cock stir looking at the super fine derriere. After they were dressed he and Chante headed for the dining room.

"Did you see that lovely Asian in the shower?"

"Yes, he is hot isn't he. He is French-Vietnamese. I think his name is Kim. He just arrived a few days ago."

"Is he gay?"

"I don't know but with that lovely ass, I hope he is."

They arrived at the dining hall and spotted Felipe at a table. They got their food and then joined him. Felipe had something to share with them and it caught them both by surprise. It was about visiting a gay bathhouse next weekend.

"My friend works at a bathhouse and he is on duty next Saturday. He invited me to go there."

"I thought that you have to be 21 to get in?"

"You do but he is going to let us in. He is working at the admittance desk."

"I've heard of bathhouses and that lots of sex goes on there."

"Exactly, that's why I want to go. I'm curious to see what goes on there. Do you want to go with me?"

"I'll go," snapped Chante.

"I don't know, maybe, probably. Oh yes, I'll go to," Marcel agreed.

"Great, he works in the afternoon. It's not too busy then but gets very busy later in the day. Once we are inside, we can stay as long as we like." 

"Sounds exciting but I won't do anything that I don't want to," Chante stated and the others agreed. 

Just then the pretty Asian walked in and after he got his food he looked around for a place to sit. The aggressive Felipe walked over to him and invited Kim to join them at their table. Chante and Marcel were thrilled that he accepted and walked back with Felipe. Kim smiled at them and introduced himself and they in turn did the same. Kim had the damned cutest face and Marcel wanted to kiss him so badly. 

"We saw you in the shower today Kim. You have a great ass," Chante said testing the water.

The pretty Asian blushed and smiled, "I guess I should say thank you."

"I'm dying to know Kim, are you gay?" Chante pressed.

Again, the pretty young man blushed and nodded his head in the affirmative. 

"That's great news. Do you want to hang out with us today?" Marcel asked excitedly.

"Yes, I think I would like that."

"Good, after we eat, we'll go back to our dorm room and get better acquainted."

Kim had hoped that he would meet some pretty French gay boys at school but he never expected it to happen so quickly. He felt comfortable in the presence of the three students and he was particularly drawn to Marcel, who was gorgeous. 

Once they were back in the dorm room the four of them stripped naked without any hesitation. Kim was placed on all fours and the other three marveled at his incredible ass. They took their time caressing it and fondling the sweet cheeks. Chante broke out his special lube and fingered the taut anus. Kim moaned and cooed with all the attention to his irresistible bottom. He couldn't take much more foreplay and he asked Marcel to fuck him. Kim wanted to start with the smallest cock and then it would be Chante and then Felipe.

Marcel eased his stiff pecker into the sweet derriere and caressed the cheeks as he fucked him slowly. Chante played with Kim's tiny prick which was the smallest he had ever seen. It was Marcel's first cum of the day and it would be a voluminous one as it always was. Chante and Felipe told him not to cum in Kim's ass and he understood why. When it was time, he pulled out and shot an enormous load all over the Asian's back and buttocks.

Chante was quick to move into place and slipped his stiff dick into Kim. Marcel took over playing with Kim's dick and soon had him shooting his first load. Chante felt the sphincter tighten around his shaft as Kim ejaculated. He ran his hands through the silky black hair as he fucked their new-found lover. Unable to hold on any longer, Chante pulled out and fired a barrage of semen onto the back and buttocks of the shapely Asian. 

Chante wiped his dick on the curvy bottom and then moved away making room for Felipe. Kim was in another world as he had not expected to have sex that Sunday and it was overwhelming. Felipe was larger than the other two but by then, Kim was able to handle him. He gasped aloud when the larger cock entered his ass and his eyes opened wide. Marcel and Chante loved the expression on Kim's face. The dark eyes matched his silky black hair. 

Chante played with the tiny dick jerking Kim off as his ass was penetrated for a third time. Felipe held to the slim hips and fondled the curvy cheeks as he fucked the lovely Asian boy. Kim had hoped to find a suitable lover at school but never expected to experience three cocks in one day. He loved the French boys who were fucking him. He didn't want to cum at the hands of Chante as he hoped he would get to fuck the pretty Marcel. His thoughts were interrupted when Felipe came a shot another load without pulling out.

Kim had so much semen in him it was a sperm enema. He had the sensation that he had to poop but he knew it was because his rectum was full. He was glad that he had not cum in Chante's mouth and he was ready to fuck Marcel. Felipe eased out of the well-fucked ass and more semen oozed out and ran down over Kim's testicles.

"Marcel, can I fuck you?"

"Of course, Kim."

Marcel moved to his back in his bed and lubed his anus. He held his arms open welcoming the new lover into his body. Kim pushed his small erection into the lovely ass and moved slowly. For Marcel, it was like having a finger in his bottom but he still liked it. He wrapped his arms around the pretty Asian and stared into the dark eyes. He pulled Kim toward him wrapping his legs around the slender smooth skinned body. They made eye contact and then they kissed. They both had soft lips and loved kissing each other.

Chante and Felipe had moved to Chante's bed and got into the spoon position. Felipe fucked his classmate as the two of them watched the action in Marcel's bed. They liked the motion of Kim's ass as he fucked Marcel. Chante knew that he would fuck that beautiful ass again that day. In fact, they all would. 

Kim broke the kiss and announced that he was cumming. Marcel held him tighter and felt the spurts of cum shoot into his rectum. Kim had buried his face in Marcel's shoulder and groaned in passion. It was a wonderful feeling to be cumming in a lovely ass. As he slowly recovered from the intensity of his ejaculation, Marcel kissed him again. The two of them remained in the missionary position kissing for several minutes. 

Kim's cock softened and easily slipped out and Marcel felt a trail of wetness on his buttocks. He was hard again and he pushed Kim's head down toward his stiff dick. The Asian smiled and took the cock in his mouth and made love to it. He was able to deep throat the pecker and swirl his tongue around the shaft. Marcel loved the way he did that as he caressed the silky black head of hair. 

Seeing Kim on his knees sucking cock with his gorgeous ass pointed up, stirred Felipe and Chante. Felipe had been close to cumming so he told Chante to fuck Kim first as he did not want to cum to soon. Chante lubed his erect cock and moved in behind Kim. He entered the sweet ass for a second time and fucked him slowly savoring the experience. He loved looking at and caressing the shapely buns as his cock slid in and out. It was a glorious sight. 

Kim continued to suck Marcel's cock and he played with it in his mouth. Chante's release happened sooner than he wanted but it was still a gratifying orgasm. This time, he shot his load into the scrumptious ass. He felt the sphincter milk his cock and as it softened he eased it out. Kim's ass was not vacant long as Felipe quickly moved into place and re-entered the snug bottom.
