 This is a true story, I was 18 at the time it happened.

I was in my final year of high school and a few short months away from graduating. I was of a slighter, skinny build, (5'9 and 140 lbs) but got some attention from the girls, so I take the assumption that I am good looking. Anyways I had good grades and was a good student.

I was in English class one morning, and our teacher Mr. W asked us to hand in the assignments that were due that day. With my thoughts on the fast approaching summer, and moving on to college I had completely forgotten about the assignment we had all week to complete. Mr. W walked around and collected the papers, when he got to my desk I had to tell him that I wasn't complete, that I had forgotten. With a disappointed look he told me to stick around after class to discuss it. I nodded an ok as he continued along to collect the papers.

At the end of class I came up to his desk.

'You wanted to see me Mr. W' I said sheepishly.

'Yes. Jay you never miss deadlines, what happened.' He responded.

A million excuses ran through my mind, but I thought better of it and decided to just tell the honest truth.

'Honestly Mr. W I just forgot.'

'Well seen as you don't make a habit of forgetting, or being late, I could forgive the late this one time. However I do request that in return for this favour, you would come to my place after school and do some chores around the house.' He said looking up at me from his desk.

'Yeah ok, that sounds fair.' I replied.

'Perfect' He said as he took out a piece of paper from his drawer. 'This is my address meet me there right after school, it is near by'. He scribbled his address on to the paper and handed it to me.

I looked at it and read the address. It was in fact close by.

'Alright I will be over after classes are finished. See you later.'

I walked out of the classroom and onto my next class. I was happy that my grades were not going to be affected, and that I could make up the late with a couple simple chores. I had no idea what his plans were, and was definitely not thinking it would be anything sexual. Up to that point I had not really had any gay thoughts, and Mr. W wasn't exactly the most handsome man. I wouldn't say he was bad looking, but he was a bit bigger of a guy. Probably around 230 lbs and about 5'10 tall and 54 years old.

Once the day was finished I took the paper out of my pocket, checked the address, and headed to his place. When I got to his house, he was outside in the front yard.

'Good timing.' He said. 'I just got here.'

'Oh perfect!' I sort of laughed back.

'Ok well, to begin with lets have you rake up the leaves, come and see me when you're finished with that.' He instructed 'The rake and bags are just around beside the house.'

'Alright will do.' I replied.

As I headed around the side of the house, he went inside. There wasn't many leaves to rake as it was early spring and it was just the left over from the fall before that had been buried beneath the snow. It probably only took me about 10 minutes to complete the task. Once I was done I headed up to the door and knocked.

Mr. W answered the door. He was in a robe. I thought it was a bit strange, but hey who am I to decide what you wear in your own house. I decided not to say anything about the robe.

'Alright all done with the leaves, there is some stuff to do in the basement now.' He said as he let me in the house and began showing me the way to the basement.

Once down in the basement I rounded the corner after the stairs and came to a living room. There was a porn movie playing on the tv. I was startled and was probably sitting there like a deer in headlights. The tv had a younger guy giving head to an older man on the screen.

'Oh sorry! I must have left that on this morning.' 

I heard him say somewhere from behind me. It didn't really register as I was in an almost trance like state staring at the tv. I was broken from the trance when he came up from behind me and put his hands on my shoulders.

'Do you like what you see?' He asked.

I was so shocked and pretty nervous I didn't answer him. After a few moments I felt him lean in and kiss and lick my ear a little bit.

'Would you like to stay for a bit?' he whispered into my ear.

'Yes' I choked out. Unsure of why I agreed to stay, I wasn't into guys, or atleast didn't think I was, but my dick which was tenting my basketball shorts was telling me different. 

Once I had said yes, his hands slid down from my shoulders and he began feeling me up. Running his hands over my body, slowing when he got to my dick, ass, and nipples. He was kissing and licking my neck and ears a lot as he felt me up. Whispering dirty talk to me.

'Daddy was hoping you'd stay with him.'

'I had a feeling you would be a good horny boy for daddy.'

'Daddy is so hard for you, I'm going to teach you so many things baby.'

'Are you ready to learn all the new things?'

His dirty talk was turning me on so much. I didn't know why I was getting so excited being talked to and felt up but this much older man, my teacher none the less, but I didn't care I was starting to really like it. I was still a bit surprised when I heard myself say.

'Yes daddy, I want to you to show me.'

His kissing and licking became more aggressive and he started to remove my clothes and his robe. His hands still roaming all over me as he stripped us, pinching and playing with my nipples. Squeezing and kneading my bum. Stroking and cupping my dick and balls. I could feel his hard cock against my back side, feel the head was slippery with precum as it slid along my ass and lower back.

Once we were both fully naked and hard, he walked over to the couch leading me by the hand. He sat down and guided me to my knees between his legs. It was the first time I really saw his cock, it was much bigger than mine. It was 7.5 cut with a big head and big heavy balls. He ran his hands through my hair as I moved my hand up to his cock and began to stroke him slowly.

'Mmmm good boy, your hand feels nice but daddy needs more than your hand.' He said as he gently guided my head to his cock.

I opened my mouth and began to give head to him. In my mind I couldn't believe I was doing this. Even more I couldn't believe how much I was loving the slutty feeling of sucking this old man's cock. I was trying to do the best I could from what id learned from years of jerking off to porn movies in my room. Licking up and down the shaft, swirling my tongue around his big mushroom head. Fondling his balls, and stroking his shaft in rhythm with my mouth. I probably wouldn't have felt as comfortable doing all this for the first time if he wasn't constantly dirty talking and giving me instructions.

'Oooo yeah you're a good boy.'

'You suck daddys cock so well, its going to love you forever.'

'Your hot little mouth was meant for this cock.'

The dirty talk and his hands running through my hair, and gently directing the direction and pace at which I was to pleasure him, was making me so horny. I continued to slurp and suck hungrily on his cock for about 10 minutes when he told me he was going to cum.

'Daddys going to cum soon, be a good boy and take it in your mouth, and swallow it.' He said encouragingly. 'Do you want daddys big load?'

'Yes please cum for me daddy' I said in between slurps on his cock. Surprising myself that I was being such a slut for him, but I really did want this man to cum in my mouth.

Per his instruction I stroked quickly and held my mouth on his head. He groaned loudly as he began to flood my mouth with cum. Shot after shot I felt it flow into my mouth, he wasn't kidding about a big load I thought to myself. I swallowed what I could the rest spilled from my mouth and onto my chin. When he had finished coming he remarked at how amazing that was.

'Wow boy, you can really suck cock.' he exclaimed. 'We are going to have a lot of fun together. Now lets let you have your turn for some pleasure.'

He helped me up off my knees, and laid me on the edge of the couch. I had a flood of precum on the end of my dick and he quickly began licking and sucking at it. OH MY GOD wow I thought as he began to suck my dick. This was better than any of the blowjobs I had gotten from my prior girlfriend. I wasn't going to last long and he seemed to know this because after a few moments he stopped sucking. He lifted my legs a bit and buried his tongue into my asshole.

I gasped it felt so amazing having his tongue playing with my boy pussy. He rubbed my balls and dick a lot as he sucked and licked at my hole. Bringing his mouth back to my dick, I felt his finger begin to work its way into my ass. I gasped again at this feeling. He continued going back and forth from sucking me, to eating me, to fingering me, switching every time I got close to cumming.

'I want my boy to stay very horny for me, so you cant cum just yet. Daddy will make you come later' He would say or some version of it several times as he continued to drive me crazy with his tongue and fingers.

After what felt like an eternity he began to slow down and eventually stopped.

'Come suck daddy again get me hard again for you boy.' he said to me.

I had my mouth on his cock instantly. The dirty talk quickly resumed, and my already astronomically high horniness was elevated even more.

'You've been such a good boy for daddy today' he said running his hands over my head, and then to my ass, squeezing the cheeks and playing with my hole. 'But now I think daddy needs you to be his girl.'

By this point I knew that this meant he wanted to fuck me. I was very worried about his size, I wasn't sure if I was going to be able to take him, having had nothing but his fingers in me before. But once again he had me so horny I was pretty much puddy in his hands. 

'Do you want to be daddys girl?" He asked.

'Yes daddy, I want to be your girl' I said looking up at him with his cock just out of my mouth.

I went back to slobbering on his cock, while he played with my ass some more. Soon I felt him reach over and grab a bottle, followed by a cool slick feeling on my asshole. As I gave him head he was lubing me. I felt a pang of fear as I knew it was going to happen soon, but it quickly subsided into excitement that it was going to happen soon.

He had me get off my knees and straddle him, facing him on the couch.

'Theres still some cum on your chin from before!' He said as I straddled his lap. 'It makes you look so cute baby.'

He gently grabbed my hips with his hands and guided me into position above his hard throbbing cock. I Felt it press against my hole. As he began to push into me he kissed me on the lips. I was surprised by the kiss, and as his tongue rolled around on mine the head of his cock popped into me.

It hurt but the surprise of the kiss and the aggressiveness of his tongue distracted me from that. Slowly and patiently always giving me time to adjust to him he continued to push into me. Eventually I felt his balls and thighs touch my ass, he was all the way in.

'Now your daddys girl.' he smiled at me, and kissed me deep again.

Slowly and softly he guided me up and down on his cock to begin with. The pain was going and I was in heaven. Every time I came down a wave of pleasure shot through my body. Just as we were beginning to pick up pace I couldn't hold out any more and I shot cum all over both of us. He grinned and continued to fuck me as he scooped up some of the cum and had me lick it off his fingers. I loved being a slut for this man, my teacher, it was crazy.

After about 10 minutes I was able to ride him pretty hard and with a good pace. In between kisses, moans and groans, he continued his dirty talk.

'mmm baby you're so tight'

'How does daddys cock feel deep in your pussy'

'Daddys going to cum in his girls asshole'

'Cum in my ass daddy please cum inside of my asshole daddy' I begged him as the pace of the fucking reached full speed.

He let out a big load groan as I felt the familiar flood of his cum spill into my ass this time instead of my mouth.

After a few moments of catching our breath I got off of him, his cock sliding out of me, cum dribbling down my leg. He suggested I lay on the couch with him and recollect myself. 

After a short nap, I sucked, and fucked him once more before I had to go home. We played a lot over the next three years but those are stories for another time.