 SUNDAY AS BUSY AS SATURDAY

On Sunday morning Chante crawled in bed with Marcel and whispered in his ear, "I just want to cuddle this morning."

"Okay but it is good to feel your body next to mine."

"I was thinking about the bathhouse. That was very scary. I don't know what would have happened if Sabastian had not done something."

"He said it was due to inexperience. All you and Felipe had to do was tell the others that you were done and move on."

"I know but we didn't know that at the time."

"Where is Felipe? Is he coming here this morning?"

"I don't think so. I'm sure that he is sleeping in today. He was very sore yesterday as he had a huge cock in his ass."

"Yes, he seemed upset."

"Are you going to see Sabastian again?"

"Maybe, I don't think that he is gay though."

"Really, why was he there?"

"I think he likes fucking pretty gays. He never touched my dick so I don't think that he is interested in cock. I'm guessing that he is bi-sexual. You're getting hard."

"I know but let's save it until after breakfast."

The two roommates got up, dressed and made their way to the dining hall. They did not see Felipe or any of the resident assistants. However, they did run into Kim who was thrilled to see them both. Marcel was anxious to hear about Kim's checkup at the hands of Dr. DuBois.

"So how did it go with Dr. DuBois?"

"Just as you said it would. It was a sex filled day. Dr. DuBois fucked me twice and his nurse sucked me off. I also got to fuck Rafael and he fucked me too. I was there for hours but it was great sex. He wants to see me again next Saturday."

"I bet he loved your hot body."

"He did. How was the bathhouse?"

"Crazy and we will not go there again. Once was enough but at least we learned what it was all about."

"What's going on today?"

"Nothing, do you want to come back to our room and party with Chante and me?"

"Definitely, I need to fuck you again. Your ass has been on my mind."

"Same here."

The three students finished their breakfast and made their way to the dorm room. Chante had still not heard from Felipe, but in a way, he and Marcel were glad that he wasn't there as they prepared to fuck Kim. They began with Marcel fucking Kim who in turn sucked on Chante's cock. Marcel came quickly in the sweet Asian ass and once again he filled the rectum with a huge load. Chante moved quickly as soon as Kim's ass was available and he too dumped a huge load into the already overflowing rectum.

Kim then got to fuck Marcel as Chante offered up his cock to be sucked clean. Kim came quickly and then he was fucked by Marcel and Chante a second time. Kim then got to fuck Chante and afterward the three of them were ready for a break. The huddled in Marcel's bed and their naked bodies pressed against one another. They were a beautiful sight with their sweet naked bodies on display. It did not take long before they were ready for more action.

Marcel wanted to fuck Kim standing up. He stood behind the lovely Asian and slipped his cock into the curvy bottom. He had his arms wrapped around Kim's smooth body as he kissed the nape of the sensuous neck. Kim felt very erotic and his little dick stood out from his abdomen. They looked beautiful together and Chante had to get in on the action. He dropped to his knees and took Kim's erection in his mouth.

It took Marcel much longer to cum this time but he was in no rush as he loved fucking the curvy derriere. Kim however came while Marcel was fucking him and he filled Chante's mouth with a creamy discharge. His sphincter tightened around Marcel's cock and then he felt the liquid shoot into his rectum. Using his sphincter, he gripped and released the spurting cock several times. Marcel gradually eased his pecker out of the shapely bottom and fingered it briefly. 

Chante wasted no time as he was hard and ready to fuck Kim again. He got behind his classmate and filled the sweet ass one more time. Marcel knelt behind Chante to fondle his ass, finger his anus and cress the ball sac. Kim's smaller cock was still hard even though he had just cum in Chante's mouth. Chante fucked the Asian hard and fast and the three of them could hear the hips slapping against the buttocks. 

His ejaculation happened quicker than expected brought on by Marcel's sensuous caresses. Chante leaned into the smooth skinned body, wrapped his arms around the lean torso and buried his face in Kim's neck. His cock spurted and his semen joined the previous loads in the well-used chamber. The separated and then the three of them cuddled in Marcel's bed. They were sexually sated and drained from an afternoon of marvelous sex. Later they showered, dressed again and had dinner in the dining hall. They ran into Felipe who was still in some discomfort from the bathhouse action. 

"Are you feeling any better?" Chante asked.

"No, my ass still hurts."

"Have you put Vaseline in it? That will help as it is also a healing agent," Marcel suggested.

"No but I will, thank you for telling me that. It still feels like there is a cock in there."

"That guy was big. It's good that Sabastian arrived when he did," Chante stated.

"Yes, it is. I talked to my friend who works there. He told me that Sabastian owns the bathhouse. He also said that he is not gay but likes fucking cute young French gays."

"I thought so. I told Chante that. He never touched my cock. He just had me suck his and then he fucked me. He also gave me his phone number."

"Are you going to call him?"

"I don't know. Maybe, he was a good lover."

Kim just listened as the others talked about their day at the bathhouse. They ate dinner and afterward, returned to their own dorm rooms. It was going to be a busy week at school. Next weekend there was an Art Fair scheduled in Le Marais that they planned to attend. Felipe hoped that his ass was healed by then.

THE ART FAIR AND MORE

The weekend finally arrived after a very full week of studies and tests. As he had been instructed, Kim met with Dr. DuBois and Nurse Rafael on Saturday after breakfast. Marcel, Chante and Felipe ate breakfast together and later headed to Le Marais. They had no idea what to expect as they had not been to that area of Paris yet. They knew that there were a number of gay establishments and clubs there and they assumed a large number of gays also resided in that section of the city. Felipe's ass was feeling much better but he was going to be careful that weekend.

When they arrived just after noon, the streets were crowded with art displays and people. They walked around getting familiar with the area and they received smiles from other young men. The streets were filled with people and each of them often felt a hand graze over their bottoms. Marcel especially drew a lot of attention with his super fine ass. They liked looking at the art but they were not buyers.

They stopped at a café for coffee and snack. They had walked around for nearly three hours and were ready for a break. That evening they planned to check out a few of the gay clubs. They would be cautious and selective if they decided to hook up with anyone. The waiter at the café was a good looking young man named Victor. He recognized that the students were new to the area and he was helpful. He told them about a couple of clubs and which ones to avoid as they could get a little rough at times. Victor told them where he would be later if they were interested.

After they ate and had a glass of wine, they walked around some more passing the time. Eventually they worked their way to the club that Victor had mentioned. It was a bit early and things were just getting started. Music was playing and guys were dancing on the main dance floor. There also smaller dance areas on the second floor and there were private sections where guys could have sex. Patron began arriving and soon the place was hopping. There was a lot of interesting outfits worn at the club. Some very daring with the buttocks exposed.

The three of them found Victor and he smiled and welcomed them. He was about to show them around when a striking young man asked marcel to dance. He was about the same height and build as Marcel and he had a nice ass. Not as prominent and curvy as Marcel's but still very nice. He was incredibly good looking but more pretty than handsome. Marcel was taken with the young man named Andre.

"You guys go ahead. I'll dance with Andre and catch up with you later."

Marcel and Andre moved to the main dance floor and danced to an upbeat song. Victor showed Chante and Felipe around the place and took them up to the second floor. A slow song was played and Andre took Marcel in his arms. It was the first time had ever danced with another man in an embrace. They danced close together and Andre's hands held to Marcel's curvy bittocks. Marcel followed the lead and held to Andre's bottom. Marcel was surprised when Andre kissed him but he kissed back. He liked the feel of the soft lips and he was taken by Andre's beauty.

"Marcel, would you like to come to my place? I don't like to have sex here at the club. I live close by."

"Yes, I would like to but I must tell my friends that I am leaving."

Andre took Marcel to the second floor and they looked for the others. They were not in the dance areas and must have sought some privacy. Marcel and Andre spotted the others and they were already engaged in sex. They had just dropped their pants and underwear. Victor was fucking Chante who at the moment was blowing Felipe. Marcel told them he was leaving with Andre and they nodded their understanding. On their way back to the main level, they passed several more twosomes and threesomes having sex. They left the club and Marcel noticed that the streets were still busy with people. It was clear that many were looking for action. It only took about 15 minutes to reach Andre's apartment.

Marcel liked the place as it was nicely decorated and furnished. Andre got them a glass of wine and then they sat on the sofa together. Things moved quickly and they were soon kissing and fondling each other. Shirts came off, then shoes, socks and pants. They both had erections and when Marcel removed Andre's underwear he saw one of the biggest cocks ever. He stared at the manhood as he was shocked that someone of that stature could be so well endowed.

"Do you like?"

"It's huge, you're really hung."

"Yes, it always catches people by surprise. Don't worry I will be very gentle with you."

"You'll have to be."

Marcel reached for the large cock and held it with both hands. He leaned over and took the head in his mouth and sucked on it. He kept both hands on the shaft so that he could control how much he took in his mouth. Andre laid his head back on the sofa and closed his eyes. He was very horny and turned-on. He knew that he would soon be shooting a huge load into Marcel's mouth.

"You're very good, now let's go to my bed and we can suck each other," Andre whispered.

They went back to the bedroom and they both got into a 69 position as they lay on their sides. Andre took Marcel's cock back into his mouth and Marcel followed Andre's lead. The two of them sucked cock and relished the feeling of the soft mushroom heads in their mouths. They took the cocks as deep in their mouths as they were comfortable with doing as they made love to each other. Andre was able to take all of Marcel's cock and he grabbed the curvy ass cheeks and fondled them. Marcel copied every move but he was only to get half of the big cock in his mouth. They were both sucking cock and fondling each other's ass. 

Andre moved a finger between Marcel's ass cheeks and tickled his anus and again Marcel did the same thing to his new lover. Marcel felt a surge pass through his loins and his testicles tightened signaling that he was about to cum. He felt his cum travel from his scrotum through his cock and blast into the receptive mouth. Andre just held on to the sweet ass and swallowed the load as it shot into his mouth. Andre then rubbed the balls as he drank down every drop of his lover's cum. Marcel was in ecstasy as he enjoyed his ejaculation into the sweet mouth. 

Marcel had stopped sucking Andre's cock briefly as he savored the moment of cumming but then at Andre's urging he resumed sucking the large cock. Andre shot his load shortly thereafter and flooded Marcel's mouth. Marcel swallowed as fast as he could to capture every drop of cum. However, he was not prepared for the volume and force of the ejaculation. He pulled the huge cock from his mouth, held it with both hands and closed his eyes as cum shot all over his face. When Andre had ceased shooting, Marcel took part of the cock back in his mouth. They continued to hold to each other and suck each other in the 69 position. They were both so turned on that they remained hard. They could have cum again in each other's mouth but Andre was anxious to fuck the pretty gay.

"I want to fuck you Marcel," Andre whispered, "And then I want you to fuck me."

"I don't know Andre. I'm worried. You're so big."

"I won't put it all in you. Hold me in both hands so it doesn't go too deep."

Marcel knew he could eventually handle the big dick in his ass just as he had at the theatre. However, it had been some time since the theatre and he didn't want Andre to know that he had been there. Andre played with Marcel's ass a long time as he loved fingering the anus and caressing the shapely ass. Marcel stayed hard throughout the anal foreplay and at one time he thought that he might cum again. It was just then that Andre told him to turn over. Marcel lifted his legs and placed them on Andre's shoulders as directed.

"I want to see the expression on your face when I fuck you." 

Andre placed the head of his cock at the rubbery ring and pressed forward testing the resistance. Marcel grasped the shaft in both hands as his relaxed orgasmic state and his horniness took over. Andre added more lubricant to his cock as he pulled back and rubbed the head of his cock around the anus. Every few seconds he would push inside Marcel and then pull back out stretching him a little wider each time. It was quite a turn-on for Andre watching his massive cock between Marcel's raised and spread legs. Andre's next thrust was with a purpose and Marcel felt a twinge as the cock pushed passed his sphincter.

Marcel wrapped his ankles around Andre's torso. Andre stopped and remained still for a moment and waited for Marcel's reaction. The feeling of nervousness was replaced by desire and Marcel rotated his hips and arched his back to get Andre further inside him, although he still had both hands at the base of the big cock. Marcel's body opened up and he felt Andre's cock stretch him further. The cock slid in and out slowly and eventually Marcel removed one hand and then the other. 

Marcel could feel his lover's balls resting on his ass. He couldn't believe what a wonderful feeling it was to have the cock completely inside him. Andre pulled out a little and then he stopped and pushed back inside. The feeling was fantastic and Marcel began to rotate his hips. Andre pulled almost all of the way out and then plunged inside fucking his new lover with enthusiasm. Marcel moaned in response to the penetration and they began to make love. Andre leaned over and Marcel wrapped his legs around him, hooking his ankles together and they began rocking and moving beautifully together. Marcel was being fucked with a big cock again and he loved it.

Marcel looked down and watched his balls and erect cock bounce around as Andre fucked him. He soon felt another buildup in his balls. Andre began to moan louder and louder, and fucked harder and faster. Marcel felt the cock swell in his rectum and he began to pump his own cock with his hand. Andre grunted and Marcel felt hot cum fill his ass. Marcel pumped his cock harder in search of his own release. When he came, he shot his own cum all over his chest, abs and pubes. Andre had filled the rectum up with his seed but he remained hard and continued to fuck the sweet ass. Andre pushed his cum around in snug channel and some of it escaped and wet the bed. Marcel's ass was overflowing with cum.

Andre rested on top of his lover and then they kissed. Marcel wrapped his legs around the smooth body and he reveled in the feeling of the big cock growing soft inside him. They stayed in each other's arms for a long time and no words were spoken. They just held each other, kissed and ran their hands over each other's smooth flawless skin. The cock softened and slipped out and it felt like a plug had just been pulled from Marcel's ass. Cum ran out onto the bed and Marcel felt the cool air caress his well-stretched anus. 

"Would you like to fuck me?" Andre asked after they had rested for a while.

"Oh yes, I would love to."

Andre got on all fours and handed his lover the lube. Marcel knelt behind and he began to caress the beautiful ass. Marcel noticed that Andre's body was delicate, hairless and flawless, just like his. Marcel put an ample amount of lotion in his hands and rubbed it all around the taut rubbery ring. Marcel inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing the ass for his cock. As he sawed his fingers in and out, he was getting turned on by the thought of burying his cock in the shapely ass. He moved closer and lined up the head of his cock with the anal opening and began to ease it into to him. 

Marcel's cock head cleared the sphincter and it slid right in without resistance. Andre liked to be fucked but with smaller cocks like Marcel's, it was a perfect size. Andre's ass chute was warm and tight as Marcel went deep into him. He was all the way in the receptive ass and he started a slow fucking motion. He continued to pump the shapely ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as he caressed the smooth round cheeks. 

Andre asked Marcel to fuck him harder and quicker, so he picked up the pace and he started pounding Andre's ass faster and faster. Andre was moaning with each thrust of cock. Marcel could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed into the lovely ass. He fired a barrage of cum in his new lover's ass filling it to overflowing. As he continued to fuck Andre, the semen backed up in the rectum and began to ooze out flowing over their balls. Andre used his talented anal muscles to milk Marcel's cock and drain it of all his seed. Marcel didn't think that his cock would ever be soft again as he remained hard in the gripping and clenching sheath. Andre flattened out on the bed with Marcel on top and his cock still in the ass. Marcel rolled off of him and his hard cock slipped from Andre's ass. 

"Do you want to get cleaned up and go back to the club?"

"I'd rather stay here with you."

"That's fine, what about your friends? Won't they be worried?"

"No, they have probably hooked up with others."

Andre smiled and they moved to their sides in a spoon position. They dozed off with Marcel feeling the large cock pressing against his buttocks. Sometime during the early morning hours, marcel was awakened when he felt the big dick enter his ass again. As he was earlier, Andre was gentle and fucked Marcel in a slow and methodical pace. The cock kept going deeper and deeper until once again it was completely in the curvy bottom. Andre was thrilled that Marcel could take it all as not many could. Andre came again and filled the snug rectum. He left his cock in until it softened and slipped from the lovely derriere. 

SUNDAY MORNING

They slept in as they were in no rush to get out of bed. They were both rejuvenated and ready for more wonderful sex. Andre was ready to fuck and he told Marcel to get on all fours. Andre got the lube and greased up his cock. Then he greased up the shapely ass and he marveled at it on Marcel's small frame. Marcel looked good on all fours as he waited for the big cock to penetrate his ass. Andre took his time lubricating the irresistible ass and he liked the submissive posture presented. Marcel had his head down on his hands which were folded on the bed. His ass was elevated and his back was arched emphasizing the curvy shape. Marcel looked perfect and he presented exactly the image that Andre liked to fuck.
