 AFTER THE ART FAIR

The week started off fairly slow following the art fair. Chante and Marcel had sex a couple of times when they were in the mood. Kim stopped by on Wednesday and the three of them had fun. They knew Felipe was back in school but they had not seen or heard from him. Chante felt that there was something up and it turned out he was right. Felipe had decided to move in with Victor who he met at the club. He would still attend school but as a commuter student. 

Thursday was a light day and Chante, Marcel and Kim decided to get together. They were gathered in the dorm room when they were interrupted. Jacques the resident assistant knocked on the door and when Marcel opened it he smiled at the three pretty gays. 

"Come with me, Julian, Henri, Pierre and me are having a party. We want you to join us."

The three gay students knew what they were in for but they really had no choice. They followed Jacques to a room where the other three seniors were waiting for them. It was the same room where they had first fucked Marcel. They were all drinking wine, a school violation, but they had done it before. They poured some wine for the gay boys and soon everyone was feeling good. The seniors fished their cocks out of their pants and told the boys to suck them. It was the first time that Kim had been with the seniors and they were taken with him.

Jacques then directed the action, "Take off all of your clothes. We want you completely naked. Marcel and Chante entertain yourselves while we break in Kim."

Kim was placed on his back and surrounded by the four seniors who all had their pants pushed down and their hard cocks on display. They were enamored with Kim's delicate body and smooth flawless skin. It was as if they were seeing an Asian naked for the first time. They ran their hands all over his body and toyed with his testicles and pecker. The little cock was hard in seconds. Jacques poured oil onto Kim's abdomen and Julian and Henri rubbed it in and coated his cute erection.

Pierre then used the oil and fingered Kim's anus drawing a moan from the pretty Asian. Jacques named the order in which they would fuck Kim beginning with smallest cock and finishing with his. Pierre went first and his cock entered the sweet ass easily. As Kim was fucked in the missionary position, Jacques fed his cock to the sweet angelic mouth. Kim eagerly sucked on the big dick. Julian and Henri knelt on either side of Kim and placed their cocks in his hands. They teased his nipples with oily fingers and Kim moaned on the cock in his mouth.

Marcel and Chante stood by naked and watched the five some in front of them. They had an arm around each other's waist and they stroked each other's cock. Jacques reminded everyone not to cum in Kim's ass. Pierre jerked Kim off as he fucked him and Kim was the first to cum spraying his load on his chest and abs. Pierre then pulled out and stroked his and ejaculated all over Kim's lovely body. Julian was the next to fuck Kim and he moved quickly and filled the sweet ass. 

Pierre got up and stood behind Marcel and began to fondle the curvy buttocks. Marcel knew that he was next to be fucked as soon as Pierre recuperated. Julian came quickly and he too pulled out and shot his load onto the cum covered body. As fast as Julian was out of Kim's ass, Henri was in it. Julian then stood behind Chante and played with the sweet cheeks. Both Marcel and Chante were turned on from stroking the other's cock while their asses were fondled and probed.

Henri didn't last long either and he too sprayed his discharge onto the delicate body. The white sperm pooled on the Asian and stood in contrast to his yellow skin. Jacques then moved Kim to all fours and entered him from behind. Kim was thankful that Jacques had gone last as his ass had loosened up for the bigger cock. It was always a treat to see Kim get fucked doggy style as he looked so beautiful with a cock sliding in and out of his lovely bottom.

Chante and Marcel felt the lube being applied to their asses, followed by the cocks of Julian and Pierre. They were fucked standing up, something they didn't do that often. It was very erotic to be fucked in a standing position and have their cocks stroked with reach arounds. Adding to the eroticism was the sight of the pretty Asian getting skewered with Jacques' impressive cock. Kim was moaning with each thrust of the sizeable pecker.

Jacques pulled out and shot a huge load onto Kim's back. Some of it even hit the back of his neck. The cock was also aimed at the anus and that too was cum coated. Jacques then put his cock back in Kim's ass pushing his seed in with it. He resumed fucking Kim and kept at it until he came a second time. This time he left his cock in the sweet ass. Julian and Pierre ejaculated a second time and shot their loads into curvy asses. Only Henri had not cum twice and he opted for Marcel. 

He had Marcel get on all fours and he entered from behind. A cum covered Kim lay stretched out on one of the soiled mattresses and he was joined by Chante who eased his cock into the well fucked ass. Marcel felt Henri shoot and he clenched his sphincter in response. Henri pulled out and Marcel knelt in front of Kim so his cock could be sucked. The four seniors quietly redressed and left the room leaving the three gay boys alone. 

The boys were horny and turned on and stayed in the room for hours afterward. They took turns fucking and sucking each other until they could not possibly cum anymore. The room was rampant with the smell of sex. They got dressed and immediately headed for the showers. After they cleansed their bodies they returned to their rooms totally sexually sated.

On Friday, the boys were dead tired and cooled with sex. Chante wanted to returned to the club in le Marais on Saturday. Marcel agreed to go with him and they invited Kim to join them. Marcel made it a point to call Andre to tell him they were going to the club. 

SATURDAY NIGHT AT THE CLUB

On Saturday morning Chante was restless so he crawled in bed with his roommate who was still sleeping. He began to caress and fondle Marcel's lovely alluring bottom causing his lover to stir. Realizing that he had company in bed, he rolled to his belly and turned his head toward Chante. Marcel smiled and wiggled his shapely ass indicating that he liked the foreplay. He always liked his ass fondled and caressed. Chante then began to finger the anus and put a gob of lube on it.

"Chante, don't you want to save it for the club tonight?"

"I'll be ready for the club. It's just that your ass is so irresistible."

Once the anus was well lubed, Chante positioned himself to fuck his pretty roommate. He straddled Marcel and eased his cock into the receptive ass. Marcel raised his hips slightly to accommodate the penetration. The cock went in all the way easily in one steady motion. Placing his arms on either side and keeping his weight off of the slender body, he began to fuck marcel slowly and methodically. Chante wanted it to last as long as possible as he savored every minute in the fantastic bottom.

They seemed to make love for hours but it was really less than an hour. They had gotten a good rhythm going as Marcel raised his bottom each time Chante pushed into it. When Chante finally felt that surge in his loins, he pulled out and shot an enormous load all over Marcel's back and buttocks. Using his fingers, he pushed some of the semen into the anus. After doing that several times, he eased his cock back in and let it be milked. Their bodies didn't move and it was only the contracting of the sphincter that was active. Chante's cock softened and he rolled over on his back next to Marcel. 

"Wow, I'm glad that you didn't cum in me this morning. That was some load. I would have had to douche my ass before anything else."

"Yeah, I was definitely horny. Do you need to get off? Do you want to fuck me or have me suck you off?"

"No, not since we're going to the club tonight. I'm okay for now."

The two of them showed and got cleaned up before breakfast. They spent most of the day doing homework and studying since that had no idea what Sunday would be like. Then after dinner that evening the two of them along with Kim headed to le Marais. Marcel had gotten a hold of Andre but he had other plans. He told Marcel to ask for Demonte and he would be sure that marcel was looked after.

When they entered the club, it was crowded and the dance floor was packed with bodies that seemed to be as scantily clad as allowed. It seemed as if no one was dancing with a partner but just dancing with everyone. Kim's eyes were as wide as saucers as he had never seen such a display. One young man with a great ass was wearing shorts so tight and so short that the outline of his cock was prominent. Half of his buttocks were exposed and they were getting a lot of attention. Another pretty young man was wearing slacks that exposed his ass. There was one strip of material that covered the crack but the rest were for all to see. Many of the men did not wear shirts as they must have shed them when they arrived.

Marcel inquired at the bar about Demonte. As he did Chante and Kim disappeared onto the dance floor. When marcel turned around he couldn't locate them. Just then he heard a voice, turned and stared into the eyes of an incredibly handsome man.

"I'm Demonte and you are Marcel. Andre told me you would be here tonight. He said you are beautiful and he is right."

"Pleased to meet you Demonte, I came with two friends but they have disappeared."

"Don't worry, I'm sure that you will find them later. Let me get you a glass of wine."

They sat at the bar and enjoyed a glass of wine as Demonte told Marcel more about the club and some of the events that went on there. As he looked for his friends, Marcel kept checking out the patrons as they came in and moved around the club. Everyone that evening seemed to be in their early to mid-twenties and they were all attractive. Pretty was the only word Marcel could use to describe some of them. Most of the young men went upstairs in short order and did not stay around the main floor for very long. 

"In the evening, everyone will start down here and meet someone and then go upstairs. It is a constant flow of people. That's probably where your friends are now. Come Marcel and I will show you the rest of the club," Demonte urged and took Marcel by the arm.

They went upstairs and the first area they came to had sofas, chairs and movie screens. Marcel had not seen this section the last time. It reminded him of the lounge at the bathhouse. There were gay porno movies playing and young men sat around watching the movies, many of them with their hard cocks in their hands. Marcel noticed that a couple of men had paired off and were either jerking each other off or sucking on their partner's cock.

Demonte then escorted Marcel into the next area and it was filled with compartments that were like cubicles with no doors. He followed Demonte as they walked around the seemingly endless cubes. As they passed one cube after another Marcel noticed that almost every one of them was occupied by at least two, sometimes three or more young men. They were in various sexual positions and encounters. Many of them were completely naked while others had simply pushed their pants down to be sucked or fucked or both.

He spotted Chante in one cube fucking a cute young man. Another man was sucking the cock of then being fucked. A few more cubes and he saw Kim totally naked getting fucked from behind and sucking the cock of another man. Two others were also naked stroking each other's cock but obviously waiting to fuck Kim.

Marcel took in all the different size and shaped cocks. There were long and thin ones, short and thick, long and thick, cut and uncut. All the young men were very passionate and were kissing one another when they weren't sucking or fucking. Marcel noticed one particular threesome as they were three beautiful effeminate young men that were very well endowed. One bent over slightly sucking a cock as he was fucked from behind and he stroked his own cock. Marcel and Demonte paused to watch this beautiful trio fuck and suck each other, eventually shooting cum onto each other's bodies. Marcel had a raging hard-on from watching this threesome.

"It is okay to take your cock out if you like Marcel."

Marcel turned and looked at Demonte who had taken his cock out and was stroking it as they watched the threesome. Marcel stared at Demonte's cock which seemed to be at least 8" long and 5+" around. He wasn't as big as Andre but big enough. Marcel had the desire to take Demonte's cock in his mouth.

"Come Marcel let's find a cubicle," he said and led Marcel to an empty one.

Demonte pushed on the shoulders and Marcel allowed himself to be lowered to his knees. Marcel as if hypnotized took the impressive cock in his mouth and proceeded to suck on it. He held him by the head and guided his cock in and out of Marcel's mouth. He did not warn Marcel that he was about to cum but just let it happen. The mouth was flooded with volley after volley of cum and Marcel swallowed as fast as he could, taking in every drop.

"Marcel you are very good. Andre said that you would be."

He then lifted Marcel to his feet and then sank to his knees opening up Marcel's pants. He pulled pants and underwear down to his ankles and then took Marcel's hard cock into his mouth. Marcel was so overcome with lust and desire that he came quickly in the succulent mouth. It was another one of his massive ejaculations and he warned Demonte that he was going to cum. Demonte took the cock from his mouth, stroked it and watched in amazement as ropes of semen flew by. He then sucked him slowly and milked the cock dry of his seed. Marcel shivered as Demonte nibbled the head of his deflated cock.

"Thank you for the warning. You do cum in buckets. Ready to be fucked Marcel?"

Marcel just nodded and Demonte turned the lovely boy away from him. Marcel placed his hands on the wall in anticipation of what was to come next. Demonte fished some lubricant out of his pocket and squirted a generous amount in the luscious ass. Demonte then lowered his own pants and underwear to his ankles. He placed some lube on his cock before inserting it into the curvy bottom. Marcel grunted but Demonte's cock went in easily. Demonte was not surprised how easy his cock slid into the receptive ass as he had taken Andre's cock.

Demonte fucked him slowly pushing his cock all the way in and then taking it out almost all the way before returning it to its sheath. Marcel grunted and moaned with pleasure as this handsome young man fucked his ass. Demonte stiffened and then unloaded in the sweet ass. Marcel felt the rush of cum fill his rectum and then tightened his sphincter and milked the spunk from Demonte's cock.

"Come with me Marcel and we will clean up a little," Demonte said and they took their clothes off and Marcel followed Demonte to a bathroom area.

They both cleaned up and went to another room. Once in the room they stripped down and folded their clothes along piles of other clothes. They were both totally naked now and Demonte explained that they had to be naked to enter the last room. They walked into the area and Marcel was amazed to see how many pretty young men were engaged in sex.

The floor was covered with soft vinyl mats and there were bodies everywhere. Marcel spotted one foursome with the two of them locked in a 69 position as two others fucked their asses. Another foursome had one guy on his back getting fucked in the ass. The guy fucking him was also getting fucked in the ass as he sucked the cock of a guy who straddled the guy on his back. The first guy on his back was running his fingers in and out of the ass of the guy straddling him. He noticed that four other guys had joined the original foursome and now there eight guys coupled together. Two of them remained in the 69-position as they were ass fucked, then two others joined in fucking the ass fuckers and in turn they were joined by two more ass fuckers. The young men just seemed to flow from one partner to another and more and more of them would join in taking any hole or any cock available. Marcel and Demonte were both hard again and ready for action when a pretty young man approached them.

"Demonte I hoped I would find you here," the young man said.

"Ah Jean, Marcel this is my friend Jean, he also knows Andre."

"Come join us," Jean said and then he walked back to the other bodies.

Marcel looked at Jean's hot ass as he walked across the mats. Marcel felt a tingling in his loins as he thought about the possibility of fucking that bubble butt beauty.

"He has a nice ass, no? You would like to fuck his ass, yes?" Demonte said.

"I would love to fuck his ass," Marcel replied enthusiastically.

"Then let's go," Demonte said and led Marcel over to where Jean was kneeling sucking on a cock.

Demonte positioned Marcel's cock at the entrance to Jean's ass and he slid in easily in one movement. Marcel fucked the curvy ass with a fury. He loved the feel of his thighs bouncing off the shapely ass cheeks. Jean used his sphincter skillfully and massaged the stiff cock. Marcel could feel his orgasm approaching and he knew it would be intense because he was so turned on. Just as he started to ejaculate in Jean's ass someone passed a bottle under his nose. Marcel inhaled the vapor and it seemed to go right to his balls. He fired a huge amount of cum into the lovely ass as his own body spasmed. The bottle was passed under Marcel's nose again and it seemed to extend his orgasm. His hips jerked a few more times as he emptied his balls into Jean's ass.

Marcel slowly slid his cock from Jean's ass and the bottle was yet passed under his nose again. The vapors filled his lungs and he felt light headed. He sank to the floor and he was placed on all fours. For the next several hours he was fucked in the ass and sucked cocks that were pushed in his face. Marcel had no idea how many cocks he sucked or how many guys fucked him but he did remember that the cocks were all sizes and shapes. His rectum and mouth were filled continuously with male sperm. Occasionally he would get hard and someone would either suck him off or jerk him off until he either came or went soft. Marcel was sure her heard voices talking about his scrumptious bottom as he fucked and sucked the myriad of cocks.

He lost track of how long he was in the club but when he did finally awake he was sitting in a chair with gay porno movies playing in the room. 

"Well Marcel you seemed to have enjoyed yourself on your second visit to our club," Demonte said as he sat in the sofa across from Marcel stroking Jean's cock.

Demonte and Jean were still naked as was Marcel. They were stroking each other's cock as they enjoyed the porno movie awaiting Marcel's recovery. Marcel was clearly hooked on the young effeminate men with the shapely asses and wonderful cocks, he just couldn't get then out of his mind.

"Marcel, please come over here as you can see Jean and I are in need of your mouth," Demonte told him.

Marcel moved over to the sofa and knelt down between the two young men. He first sucked off Demonte and then Jean allowing them both to cum in his mouth. The three of them got dressed and went downstairs. Demonte provided the drinks and they relaxed. Marcel had no idea where Chante and Kim were but he assumed that they had a wild time. He would learn back at school that they both went to parties with men they had met at the club. 

It was 3:00 AM before Marcel arrived back at the school. Demonte had got a taxi to take him home. He was exhausted and sexually drained. Chante was not in the room and he was grateful for that as he needed to sleep in the next morning. Marcel slept in alright and he missed breakfast but he needed sleep more than food. He made it to lunch and saw Kim there but Chante still wasn't back.
