 Wow, 2005 has come and gone. I cannot believe Christmas 2005 slipped by, New Years 2006 has gone and I am writing 2006 on my checks. Seems like each year the days just slip by. The stores are already putting out items for Valentines Day. I have already got that urge for a bag of cinnamon hearts.

Even though Christmas is gone, I still had Christmas things to do. Like return or exchange gifts. Each year I have clothes that either are too small, too young, too weird or just have bad taste. And each year I go back to each store, argue with the sales clerk because I do not have a receipt, yet the tag says Macy's. But I am used to it.

Anyway, Mike called and says, "Let's go exchange our Christmas gifts." So I told him I would meet him at Tyson's II, a Northern Virginia mall. I got all my gifts together, threw them in bags and put them in my car. Traffic was not too bad and I got to the mall about 15 minutes early. I parked and went in and got a coffee at the Starbuck's stand in the mall. I called Mike on my cell and told him where I would be. I love this mall. It is the upscale mall in Northern Virginia. The stores include Neiman's, Sachs Fifth Ave and a host of other big buck stores. It also has great restaurants like Legal Seafood, P J Changs, and two other classy eating establishments. It also is a great place to look at great asses, both men and women. This mall does not lack people with money. Tight tops, plastic tits, tight leather pants and a few camel toes. There are a lot of Asian women that shop here and Asian women have the tiniest figures and the best asses. And they like to show it. 

Also, this is a great place to watch men. As the mall has great clothing stores, the young men flock here. Straights and gays. Who cares. They have great asses and tight pants. I was watching a couple when Mike showed up. 

"See anything you like?" he said as he sat down. 

"Well, just a couple." I said with a smile. Mike ordered a coffee and we both eyed this young thin guy walking by. He was very handsome and had an extremely firm ass. I always wonder what their cocks look like. 

"So, what are you bringing back?" Mike asked. 

"I have a pair of pants from Macy's" I said holding up a shopping bag. 

"I don't have anything but would like to see what pants they have on sell." Mike replied sipping his coffee. 

We finished our coffees and walked down to Macy's. I got a sales clerk and told him what I needed and Mike just walked off to the area of suits and dress slacks. I found another pair of Dockers and I just exchanged them without a hassle. I then looked at some pull over sweaters. I found two I liked and paid for them. But where was Mike. I walked over to the suit area and just hung around. Mike soon appeared out of a dressing room and handed a pair of pants to the sales clerk. He then waved me over.

I walked over and he said He got a sports coat and was trying on some pants. He asked me to get a couple of pairs of Haggars in 36W and either gray or black. I found what he was looking for and walked back into the fitting room area. All the doors were closed and I had no idea which one he was in. 

I said, "Mike?" 

"Down here". He replied. I walked down the hallway to the last cubicle. "Mike?" I asked again, He opened the door and smiled. 

"Those will do great." He said as he looked at the pants I brought. But he brought a finger to his mouth and gave the sign of "sshhhhh. Quiet." He motioned me in the fitting room. I walked in and he closed the door. Once in he pulled me to him and kissed me. I was off guard but always enjoyed his kisses. I opened my mouth and he fed his tongue to me. I sucked on it and pushed my tongue against his. My cock grew as he kissed me. 

I pulled away and looked at him in surprise. I whispered, "what are you doing?" He smiled and pulled my hand to his crotch. His cock was already hard. As I looked into his eyes, I could read his thoughts. I pulled my hand away. 

"Do it!" he again whispered. 

"No, not here." I said. 

"come on, it will be exciting." He said pulling my hand back to his crotch. Damn him. He knows I am so easy for his cock. He slid over so his body was leaning against the fitting room door. No one could push the door open with his body there.

He pulled me to him again and kissed me again. My hand found his crotch and his hard cock. I grasped him and stroked his cock. He pulled away from my mouth and whispered, "Suck me." 

I looked at him and I was also hot. I slid down to my knees and stared at his bulging Jockey briefs. I pressed my lips against his hard cock. This was so exciting to me. In the Macy's dressing room and getting ready to suck some cock.

I reached up and grasped the waistband of his briefs. I pulled down on both sides and his briefs slid down his thighs. Once past his cock, it popped down and hit my forehead. I pushed my face up and my lips touched his balls. I ran my tongue around them and licked the hairy skin. I sucked one of his balls into my mouth and tongued him. I felt his hands on my head. He smelled good. Good and hot. I played with his balls for a while and then I grabbed his cock in my hand and pulled it down to my mouth. I licked the shaft until I reached the head. Then looking up at him, I pulled the head to my lips and wrapped them around it. 

I love his cock. It always feels so hot and smooth between my lips. I sucked on the head and swirled my tongue around it. His hands urged me on and he pushed further into my mouth. Each time I have sucked him, I have been able to take more into my mouth. Until I finally learned to take him totally into my mouth and throat. 

I pressed forward and his cock slid into my mouth and finally my lips touched his pubic hair and balls. I then moved back and sucked on the head. I would then repeat my actions. Taking his cock fully into my mouth, tonguing his balls and then withdrawing until only the head was in my mouth. My own cock was swollen and ready to pop. I could not believe I was in a mall fitting room sucking cock. I guess it was like having my first open air glory hole. Except I knew who I was sucking. 

I kept this action up and then I pulled off his cock and just licked his shaft and balls. I cupped his balls and stroked his cock. Looking up at his face, he was fully enjoying it. His eyes were closed and he was breathing hard. I knew he was not going to last much longer and I wanted him to cum.

I pulled his cock back to my mouth and began sucking him again. I stopped when I heard someone enter the room next to us. I pulled off his cock and stood up. Mike looked at me and tried to push me back down. I was scared of being caught. Mike pulled me to him and whispered in my ear. 

"Suck my cock. Finish me." He said in a low sexy voice. 

I looked up into his eyes. I too wanted to finish him. I moved down again to his erect cock, slid my mouth over the head and grasp his shaft. I stroked him and licked and sucked the head of his cock. My salvia made his cock slick and it moved in and out of my mouth like going into a vagina. I tightened my grip on his cock and stroked him into my mouth. I slid my lips and mouth fully over him and pressed against his balls and pubic hair. 

Mike was close as he began to move his hips. He pushed in and out of my mouth. I maintained my grip on his cock and kept my tongue moving over his enlarged head. I pumped my hand back and forth until I felt his cock tighten and swell. I pushed my mouth fully onto his cock and he came. I swallowed and pumped his cock as each jerk of his cock produced a spurt of cum. I stroked his cock and he continued to cum. I had to swallow with each stroke as he filled my mouth with his warm sperm. His spurts became less and I continued to pump his cock until he had no more cum. I sucked on his cock as he got limper and then slipped out of my mouth. I licked my lips, got up off my sore knees and he kissed me. 

He put on his old pants, grabbed the new ones and we left the fitting room. 

He handed the pants to the sales clerk and said, "I'll take these." 

"Did they fit ok?" the clerk asked. 

"Everything fit well." He said with a smile. (Actually, I just added those last lines as a "James Bond" script). Actually, the clerk just took the pants and rang them up. Mike just smiled at me. We talked later and decided that was the most exciting sex we had done. Though it was very risky, I found it exciting and would love to do it again.