 I'm a perverted cockslut...

From the time I was a late teenager into my early twenties, I was a boy whore; sometimes a slave, for both men and women. I was basically trained to be a submissive whore to be used and abused. Not so much voluntarily, but circumstances dictated.

I started reading hard core porn novels early in my life and my notions of sex were all shaped by the pornographic scenarios inculcated into my brain.

The thing is, I wasn't gay. I always wanted to fuck women and, in my pornographic fantasies, have women dominate me. But -- that's not how it turned out. As often as not, I was used and excited by men fucking me and drinking their hot cum...

All the while, I wanted a normal life and -- I had religious aspirations.

I got married to a fine Christian woman in my mid-twenties who knew nothing about my previous sex life. After some experimentation with her and my fantasies, I realized that being dominant and fucking me was a definite turn off for her so, I settled into a mundane sex life with a wife and eventually children and, I became saved and began a career as a Christian pastor.

My sexual urges were still there but I sated them by going to massage parlors; occasional bondage clubs in far off cities; or a Mistress' dungeon. I also had a couple of affairs with willing women but, they were brief and unsatisfactory.

I always prayed to Jesus for forgiveness for my sexual ways but also understood that God knew that this was a basic part of my nature and, as long as I kept it deeply hidden to not affect my family, I would be forgiven for my sins.

By the time the Internet came along, I was a full-fledged pastor with my own congregation. But, I still would find discreet ways to have illicit sex.

One day, I was enticed into a male orgy where I was the focus, handcuffed to a headboard while men fucked me; and I sucked their cocks and assholes... It brought back all the intense memories of my youth and, made me popular with other clandestine married men who just wanted a blow job or a hot ass to fuck.

I realized that all my fantasies could be played out with other men who also didn't want anyone to know what kind of faggots they really were...

I went through the early porn sites and then the hookup sites; the online fuck sites; and the rest, trying to find the perfect Master (or occasional Cyber Mistress), trolling for sex, plus cruising gay woods or beaches to suck cock and be fucked...

There were years when I tried to stop and instead wrote porn and took pictures of myself in various stages of self-abuse. But I would always go back to trying to find someone to tie me up; whip my cock and balls; torture my nipples; spank and whip my ass; use and abuse me until my ass or mouth was filled with their sperm.

For several years, I had a Mistress online who I never met, but would force me to degrade myself in public (semipublic), drinking my own piss; fucking my ass with a dildo in a public park; pissing my pants and wearing them all day; and going to sex clubs to suck and get fucked by as many cocks as possible, all the while sending her pics of my tasks... Of my degradation.

She had me write stories and post them online. She had me posting pics online of myself - with cocks in my mouth; getting fucked; getting tortured; doing whatever anyone wanted to do to me Those pics usually, but not always, had my face at least partially obscured but, all of my other debased acts in full view.

I had a Master who used to take me to a dungeon and work me over, never letting me cum as he fucked my ass with a butt plug; fucked my cock with a catheter; and tortured me, constantly jerking my cock, never letting me cum until I was crying and begging for it... Then, while I was still tied up, he would start the whole tortuous process over again on my spent sensitive cock...

Another family man Master would have me come to his house while his wife and kids were out; get naked; and suck him and sometimes a friend, and then fuck my ass...

Nobody in my church ever found out and, I kept on quitting for months or even a year or so, trying to be a godly man, knowing that I was forgiven for being a slut pig but... I kept on needing to be fucked...

I had my email, Strangesub... where I had thousands of pics of me; letters; correspondence; responses to ads; stories I wrote; and every other record of my perversions. I had a fetish account; a fuck dating account; a bondage account when another sex pic site shut down; and other online bondage/porn accounts.

I was hooked. I kept on quitting and kept on going back...

Last February, my wife and children were out of town, and I went on an orgy of man sex, inviting men to my house, which I had never done before. I sucked several cocks and -- one guy used and fucked me for hours. He came back that night to do the same. He came back the next day for more... He was the perfect dominant master, totally degrading me and fucking my ass over and over again, making me eat his cum from my ass and licking it off the floor when it dribbled from my asshole.

But then -- I made an arrangement with another man to come over and -- as soon as I sent him my address, he made an excuse that he could not come over...

Fuck, I thought. This is probably someone I knew! Fuck! Fuck!

What was I doing to myself? 

I had to stop. 

I ignored messages from my previous perfect abuser and started deleting... Everything. 

I deleted all my stories and pictures and websites and everything I had done for the last 20 years.

Jesus gave me strength and I completely obliterated my sexual perversions except... for this site. I had written too much for it to all go away...

But -- I was free from perverse homo sex since last February until -- I got that email that had miscellaneous pictures and stories of mine in it...

After frantically masturbating to my degradation, I quickly deleted and trashed the email, only then realizing that I should have at least found out who it was from!

The next day, I got up early to check my church email and left my cell phone email open all day so that I might have a chance to read and delete before my church secretary opened another email like the one I had gotten the night before.

That night, as I tried to again write my sermon, still checking my email, I could barely concentrate as visions of being a cockslut danced through my head.

I knew the only way to focus was to jerk off and cum so, I did. Again feeling ashamed of my illicit lust.

This scenario repeated itself the next day and the next, still never receiving another email. By the fifth night, I knew that I had to really put my faggot fuck lust into place so, I brought my toys to the office, stripped naked, and had a self-indulgent fuck fest, ramming a 14" cock dildo in and out of my ass; nipple clamps on my sensitive tits; my balls tightly bound and weighted; while I read porn and tried to find pics of me online (there is only one that I could find and, it did not have my face in it). After an hour or so of self-titillation, I came all over my desk and licked up my hot sperm...

Again, totally disgusted with myself, I walked naked to the church altar and prayed for forgiveness...

My prayers were answered and, by Sunday, my lusts had abided; no more emails were received; and I was able to once more focus on being a pastor.

After several weeks, I started imagining that maybe that email was some kind of computer glitch where my old, deleted Strangesub email had automatically sent random files to my church email, which was there in the old Strangesub email.

Then, over a month later, I received another email...