 I am a long-time pastor of a nice church. Married; kids; grandkids... A good life.

I was also a slave to hard cock for much of my life off and on.

I finally tried to get over that a year ago by deleting everything online - my whole Strangesub email account with literally thousands of pictures of me engaged in every kind of homosex deviant behavior and thousands of stories and email assignations about me getting fucked and used...

Then an email popped up in my church email with all my perversions exposed, causing me to uncontrollably jerk off before I deleted it. After putting myself through my own twisted fuck fantasies for the following week, I calmed down and saw that no more emails were forthcoming...

Then, over a month later... I got another email in my church email.

The subject line was "Pastor Moran Fucked!"

I opened the email to pictures of myself fucking myself in this fucking office!

I was naked masturbating, fucking myself with my long black dildo...

Before I could jump up and look for the fucking camera, I read a caption:

"Don't bother Pastor -- we removed the cameras already. But do watch your video!"

Fuck me fuck me fuck me...

Normally, I would never open a video like this from this strange email but -- "they?" already demonstrated that they could do whatever they wanted to me -- or my computer. They knew everything about me.

I opened the video...

I watched myself going through my entire sensual routine of getting undressed; lubing up my asshole; and fucking myself...

I was mesmerized. 

My cock was rock hard and aching and I pulled it out as I watched myself pleasuring myself... I felt like a slave again, powerless to stop my whore sexuality from overtaking me...

"Oohhhh" I moaned as I pushed down my pants and fingered my asshole, watching me fucking me...

"Ohhhh fuckk!" I moaned again as I watched the large black dildo fucking me in the video, as I pushed it in and out of my practically virgin ass...

"AHHHHHOOOhhuuhhh, yessssssssss!!" I moaned in the video as the carnal pleasure swept through my violated asshole as I hit my sweet spot with the long black cock.

"Ohgod, ohgod," we chanted together, me jerking off for real; me jerking off in the video, both delirious with submissive pleasure and pain, my body aching to be tied up and fucked.

I watched me shove the long black dildo home, ripping past my anus, fucking myself deep within my bowels, drawing out another scream of pleasure from my lips. 

"OUHHOOOOOO.. FUUK!" I moaned, my body jerking as I fucked myself, and jerked my hard, hard cock... 

"Fuck me," I panted in the video, now obsessed with perverted lust.

"Ahhhh! Fuck my ass. Fuck my ass! Fuck my ass! UNGHHHHHHH!!"

I moaned as I watched me push the dildo cockhead into my tender assbud, opening it up, stretching my shithole, again, and again...

I was lost in a frenzy of homo lust, moaning and jerking my hard meat, as I watched the bulbous cock head shoved into my ass, through my anal sphincter with one thrust, plunging the long cock-meat into my bowels.

"UNGGHHHHAGHHHH," I cried out in the video as my body convulsed while my ass was forced to accommodate that long pole.

The rim of my asshole was stretched in a torrid burning that intensified as I hammered the full length of my dildo into my sodomized ass canal. I thrust every inch of the long fuck pole into my asshole until the hilt of the ass fucker pressed against the bottom of my balls.

My real groans watching this were added to mine in the video, the burning cock inside me distending my bowels.

I fucked myself with my fingers as I watched my asshole began to get a first class reaming as I fucked the dildo in and out.

Again and again, my insides craved the abuse.

I pumped it in and out, of my anal canal, sending me spasming into a white light of pleasure / pain erotic bondage.

My head exploded in sheer carnal sexuality and I knew nothing but fucking. It was me on the video; it was me in my office; there was no difference...

I was fucking myself in stereo, slamming the dildo into my bowels in sodomized torture as I slammed my fingers in and out of my ass, faster and faster... 

"AHHHHH, Oh, uh, oh, uh, oh, oh," I grunted as my anal hole was fucked in real virtual reality.

My world was only hard cock; sensual fucking; pain; and burning pleasure. My own raging hard on felt like a raw piece of meat. Everything was reduced to cocks fucking and fucking and fucking. Pain and pleasure sliding in and out of my flaming asshole.

"Uuuuooohhhhhhhh," I moaned in carnal lust as I felt the incredible heat of trying to jam more fingers into my ass!

I pushed back against my own hand, fucking myself with my cunt asshole. I clenched my anal ring around my pounding fingers as I watched myself do the video.

I wanted to be fucked. I wanted to be fucked hard and mercilessly. I fucked my body back, a hole to be filled by hard cocks, engulfed by incredible pleasure!

"Uh! Uh! Uh! UH! UH! UHhhh!" I grunted as I continued to hammer myself with my fingers and the massive, hard black dick, the hilt smashing against my whorish ass.

The carnal sensuality had my whole body quivering, moaning and groaning with inflamed desire. 

Nothing else mattered except cock and fingers slamming into me, watching my overheated nude figure be a fuck play-tool.

I shuddered with the painful bliss of being so completely sodomized as my sucking asshole enveloped my now four fingers.

"OHHHHH, Fuck fuck, fuck," I cried in the video, as I continued to writhe and thrust the black dildo, penetrating deep inside of me, its cock distending my tortured bowels.

"Ahhhhhh," I moaned and shuddered.

My fuck frenzied fires built higher and higher with this stereo skewering and I felt my own hard chafing organ swelling again and bringing me to the brink of orgasm.

Everything was awash in ecstatic pleasure and pain. My mind reeled, as I spun into overload and exploded in a brilliant multi-colored haze that blotted out all else. I was again a fuck machine and no longer had any control over anything.

"AHHHHHHGRHHH, UNNNNGHH!" I screamed, my cum shooting painfully up my dick like fire, burning its way out, arcing onto my desk, my computer, the screen! 

Everything was cumming and cumming, again lost in total sensory overload. 

"Fuuuucckkk..." I finally groaned as the video came to an end, and I watched myself lick up my splattered cum, while I rubbed my cum stained hand over my face, licking at my fingers...

Fuck...

Fuck.

I pulled my hand from my sore asshole.

Fuck.

I struggled to get up and went to the sink to wash the stink and cum off my hands. Then took damp towels to wipe up my mess at the computer.

What the fuck was I going to do now?

There was more to the email.

"I hoped you enjoyed that Pastor, we certainly did."

There were a couple of other pictures after that...

Me -- lying naked on the altar in the church, fucking myself with a fat Pascal candle.

Cumming into the silver chalice; then pissing into the silver chalice, then drinking it...

Fuck!

"These pictures were the ones we especially liked after your Mistress Ellen told us about you."

Ellen! Fucking Mistress Cunt Whore?! No... She wouldn't...

Six or seven years ago, I got an email in my Strangesub account praising my porn writing. It was from Mistress Ellen.

We corresponded back and forth. She called me the Stephen King of porn.

She wasn't a professional Mistress but, she liked to dominate women. She enjoyed my writing so much that she thought maybe I would like to be dominated by her.

Over time, she told me her real name; where she lived; sent me pictures of her house; told me about her life; and sent pics of her dominating other girls. It also turned out that she was a Satanist; literally a priestess in the Church of Satan. She explained that being a Satanist meant combating God's hatred of lust by violating every prohibition that God had made to restrict our natural, healthy appetite for sex. And that the more one violated the biblical strictures, the freer one was to enjoy the world and life...

I never really thought about the Church of Satan much after she initially explained it to me. I never took it seriously. I believed deeply in God and Jesus and the forgiveness of sins but, I could see the attraction to being a complete lustful hedonist. 

I only then began to realize that my "kink" was that the things I was doing; the things that I did, were all totally forbidden and that, if found out, would ruin my life.

My kink was that I needed to be dominated; needed to be forced; needed to be used... In secret. That made me hard. 

Mistress Cunt Whore had me do small tasks at first, like masturbating on a pic of her naked tits and face and send it to her. Other tasks like exposing myself in public, naked, hard, and tied... But never my face. I would drink piss for her; masturbate and eat my cum.

And then she had me suck cock; get fucked and have more and more sex with men.

This all took place over a year or so until she began to guess who or what I really was and, from whatever clues she had picked up, identified me as a Church Pastor!

After I admitted she guessed right, I trusted her more and began sending her pics with my face in them as I carried out her tasks.

This went on for a couple of years.

But I didn't think that she would ever betray me like this! Based on verifiable details about her life, I was pretty sure that she could have never hacked my email, nor did she seem to be a person who would do that.

I didn't understand.

Until I read the rest of the email...