 I had never been in a sex cinema before, so I thought I would check one out. I went into the dingy neon lit doorway and up the stairs. I paid my $5 to the old man at the cash and headed to the door marked theatre.

I went inside the dark theatre and as my eyes became accustomed to the dark, I saw that there were 6 or 7 other guys in there, dotted about the place. I headed for the back row where there seemed to be a bit more legroom and sat down.

A film was already playing, one young guy plowing another guy's ass for all he was worth. Then another guy joined in and there was some pretty hot threesome stuff going on, lots of cock sucking, rimming and ass fucking, along with plenty of hot talk and loads of lovely cum flying.

It was pretty horny stuff on the screen and I was really into it, my cock was rock hard in my jeans. I hardly noticed when a guy came and sat in the seat next to me.

As I continued to watch the screen, I felt a hand rubbing the hard bulge in my jeans. I glanced over to the guy and he was about 45 years old, so 15 years older than me, not really fit but very strong looking. I leaned back and closed my eyes so he would know to carry on. He slowly massaged the hard lump in my jeans and as he rubbed me I let out a moan,

"oh yeeeah mmmmm,"

Suddenly realising how loud I had moaned, I opened my eyes and glanced around. A guy a few rows ahead of me had turned round and his eyes were now fixed on the action taking place around me, not on the screen.

The guy to my left took my hand and put it on his own groin. I felt his own hard cock swelling under his jeans, it felt big and I tried to picture what it would look like.

As I was getting even harder, the guy from a few rows away got up and started to walk towards the back of the theatre, undoing his belt as he went. As he walked, he opened the buttons of his fly, so by the time he had reached me it was completely open. I could clearly see his hard cock beneath his boxer shorts. There was a wet patch just at the tip so he was obviously pretty horned up.

He pulled down the waist band of his boxers, letting his lovely hard cock spring out. It was a good seven inches and fairly thick, standing rigid with precum glistening on the end.

"Wanna suck me boy?" he said.

I put my mouth up, licked my lips and opened them as a silent reply. He stepped towards me and gently put his cock end on my lips. I licked the precum off the end and smacked my lips as I tasted it.

"mmmmm," I said, "tastes good."

I couldn't move very well from where I was sitting so he walked towards me, gently held my head and slipped his cock in between my open lips. I closed them around his hard shaft and started to suck.

My mouth was slowly fucked by my second lover and as he thrust slowly in and out, I sucked, slurped and licked his cock loving every inch of every thrust. I figured he was about 55, well built and strong looking.

I was so turned on by all this attention that I was moaning through my mouthful of cock like some kind of slut. Before very long another guy had come to the back to watch and was slowly massaging the bulge in his jeans aswell.

My lover to the left was by now exploring the inside of my boxers, he undid my belt and my jeans and pulled out my cock, which was rock hard and oozing precum. He went slowly down and put his mouth on me. I almost exploded it felt so good.

"This is insane!" I thought.

I had a lovely thick 7 inches in my mouth and now a hot, hot mouth on my own cock.

"Mmmmmmm,mmm, yeah," I mumbled through my mouthful of cock. I pulled back a little from my sucking. The mouth on my dick was like a powerful vacuum.

"Oh yeah that feels so g..mmph!",

As I spoke my head was grabbed roughly and the big cock stuffed back into my mouth.

"Shut the fuck up you little faggot!" said the voice at my head, "just suck my fucking cock!"

"Fuck o.....!" was all I could get out before a hard slap came across my face and my mouth filled with cock again.

He gripped my head harder now, making his point as to who was in charge. He pushed his hard cock deep into my mouth, making me gag every now and again. I was way out of my depth here, and getting a bit worried but I didn't dare stop.

Eventually he eased off a bit and stepped back from the seat a little, still keeping my mouth on his cock by gripping the hair at the back of my head. I had no choice but to go with him, I slid off the seat and onto the floor. As I went, the guy on my left turned me over so I ended up on all fours. He pulled my jeans and shorts down, exposing my ass and started to lick the top of my crack. He ran his tongue down to the top of my hole and then started to gently rub it with his finger.

"Mmmm, mmmpphhh..,"I cried, as a wave of pleasure washed over me, my head still firmly held in place. I then felt my jeans, boxer shorts and running shoes come off.

I felt very vulnerable now, I was virtually naked on the floor of a sex cinema being fucked in the mouth by some guy, with another exploring my ass hole.

I felt my asshole open to accommodate 2 then 3 fingers. I tried to cry out, as he put in a fourth but my cries were stifled by the huge hard cock being thrust into my mouth.

"I don't know why the little bitch is wriggling so much," the guy fucking my mouth said to the other,

"look at his fuckin' dick!"

I suddenly realised my cock was as hard as a rock. Despite the fact that I was completely helpless, I was as horny as fuck. I guess I could have claimed rape if I hadn't been so turned on by it.

I heard the guy behind me spit in his hand and then felt it cool and wet as he smeared it on my hole. I realised what was happening and cried out as I felt his hard cock press against my opening and then stretch my tight hole as he forced his way inside me.

"Mmmph, mmphh," is all I could cry out as I felt the head of his dick enter me.

Both guys laughed as he forced his hard cock into my ass, he was big and I felt my ass stretch to take it. He gripped my hips firmly as he pushed his cock deep inside me, I felt every contour of his stiff tool as it entered my tight asshole. He grunted as he pushed fully inside me, I felt his balls against my ass cheeks. As he started to pull out of me I moaned loudly as a wave of pleasure washed over me, the physical pleasure combining with the strange thrill of being completely helpless at the hands of two older men who just wanted to fuck this new toy they had taken.

I was sweating by now, I felt a trickle run down my ass crack. I thought it might at least help to lubricate my asshole as the big stiff dick was thrust into it again.

The guy at my head started to thrust faster, gripping my head ever more firmly. He started to moan softly,

"Oh yeah, that's good bitch," as his thrusts got faster and faster.

I felt just like I was a piece of meat being fucked, I had one guy plowing a big dick in and out of my ass and another fucking my mouth for all he was worth.

I felt his cock swell as he thrust it deep into my throat and with a big grunt he shot a hot jet of cum into the back of my throat. I almost choked but managed to swallow it. He pulled my head back a little as the second and third jets filled my mouth with hot cum, then he pulled my head back by the hair and shot the fourth jet over my mouth and cheek. As his gasps subsided, he stroked the last dribbles of cum onto my face and over my mouth.

"Clean me up slut," he said firmly.

I took his softening cock into my mouth and licked all the cum off the end of it, I could feel it dripping off the bottom of my chin.

The guy in my ass didn't let up as I tried to get my breath back. Before I knew what was happening, the guy who had been watching us was now standing in front of me with his dick in his hands.

"No, fuck, no, please...." I gasped, before feeling another hard slap on the face as his dick was shoved into my mouth.

"Just carry on, this whore is loving every minute of it," the guy who had just emptied his balls into my mouth said to the new guy.

"You'd better do a good job boy, or you'll regret it," he added

At that moment, the guy behind me gripped my hips even firmer and thrust deep into my ass over and over as I felt jet after jet of hot cum shoot inside my hole. I felt like a total slut now, I had cum drying on my face, cock number 2 in my mouth and now an ass full of cum aswell.

"I need a clean up," said the guy in my ass, the guy at my head moved out of the way and the second guy who had just filled my ass, pushed his cock into my face. It was covered in cum, but I could smell my own ass on it.

"Clean me up little bitch," he snarled as his half stiff cock was pushed into my mouth,

"You like the taste of your own ass, don't you?" he laughed.

I felt his cock stiffen as I went to work, licking and sucking it clean. As I did, I felt guy number 3 enter my ass.

I must have moaned or something because I got another slap, this time across my ass cheeks. It was the first guy in my mouth, he seemed to flip out.

"You little fuckin' bitch, you better stop fuckin' complaining or you really will regret it!"

At that point I still had my shirt on, but he suddenly ripped it from my back, the buttons flying off. He took the belt out of my jeans which were lying on a seat next to me, I thought I was in for a thrashing but instead, he pulled my arms roughly behind my back and tied them at the wrists with my own belt. I felt really vulnerable now, all that was holding me up was the cock in my ass and the other one in my mouth, that and occasionally being pulled up by the hair on the back of my head.

The fucking went on for what seemed like an age. The guy in my ass would sometimes plunge deep inside, making me cry out (as well as I could cry out through my mouthful of cock), whilst the guy in my mouth, every now and again, would hold my head with his cock stuffed into the back of my throat until I gagged.

I don't know how long they fucked me for, but suddenly the hands on my head got firmer as the cock in my mouth exploded jet after jet of hot cum into my mouth, two seconds later I felt the cock in my ass explode and felt streams of cum fill my ass. I felt like my body was flooded with cum. I did my best to swallow it all, but as he pulled out of my mouth, I felt it run down my chin, as he pulled out he wiped his cock on my face and in my hair. As the thrusts in my ass subsided, I felt him pull out and a trickle of cum run down my thighs.

As I got my breath, my head resting on the floor, my hands still tied, I felt something warm and sticky land on my hands and on the top of my ass. The first guy to fuck my mouth who had watched me get spit roasted and then filled with cum from both ends jerked off his cock over me.

He took the belt off my wrists and I just collapsed onto the floor of the theatre, naked, exhausted with cum running down my thighs, drying on my face, my ass and now my hands.

I looked up and saw the three of them standing there. They wiped themselves clean on my shirt and then threw it at me as they did up their pants.

"Well done you little bitch," one of them said. "hopefully see you around here again."

He threw the rest of my clothes at me, then they all chuckled and just turned and left.

I just lay there stunned. All I could smell was cum, all I could taste was cum and I could feel it drying on my face and hands and still sticky in my ass, around my hole and squelching between my ass cheeks with each movement. 

I just lay there, my head spinning and tried to figure out what the fuck had just happened to me.