 There is just something about a stiff cock that intrigues me. It's so hard, soft and rubbery at the same time. Cool to the touch and hot with the blood that flows thru it. The feel of it in my mouth as it slides in and out and over my tongue. I just can't seem to get enough of it sometimes. 

I was feeling extra horny this night and looking to suck some cock. I went to my favorite glory holes and struck out. Seems that no one wanted a blowjob, I know, it's hard to believe but, still it was happening. 

I went to a new place. I had been there before, but it was several years ago and not sure of what to expect, but like I said I was horny and needed some cock. There were several booths downstairs and some had glory holes, but there was no action there. I couldn't understand, cause there were lots of cars in the parking lot.

I was going to leave when I saw someone going in a door upstairs so I followed. It was a movie theater and admission was reasonable so I entered. Well it seemed I had found all the people, they were all watching the movies. I walked in and decided to study the situation before I took any action.

Guys were coming and going, some lined up against the wall, some sat down and a few went to the back of the house where it seemed to be the darkest. I worked my way over to the back and saw several guys sitting in the back row rubbing their cocks. One guy was standing in the corner and had his cock out and stroking it.

I was a bit nervous about being so blatant, but like I said I was extra horny so I walked over to the guy standing up and started playing with his cock. It was warm and just a bit hard, but not completely stiff. With nervous anticipation, I stroked it until it was stiff as a board and then I did something that even surprised me. 

I got on my knees and stuck his hot hard cock in my mouth. I sucked it slow at first and felt it grow in my mouth. I was in heaven with this hard cock in my mouth and forgot where I was. I sucked harder and felt him shove his hips into my face while I savored the taste and feel of his hard cock in my mouth. 

There was movement behind me and I felt someone rub his cock on the back of my head and I realized again where I was and that I was in the middle of this theater sucking some guys cock and there were probably 6 or 7 guys watching me. I got so hot that I started sucking harder and felt his cock explode in my mouth. His cum filled my mouth and I swallowed it all, not letting any dribble out of my mouth.

I backed off his cock and he stepped away. I was about to get up when another guy put his cock in my face and I thought what the hell. I had already sucked one guy off in front of the whole world, what difference would it make if I sucked on another. His cock was not as big as the last one, but just as hard and he must have been pretty horny cause he was leaking precum pretty heavily. 

I had my hands on his hips and was bobbing my head up and down rapidly hoping to get his delicious man goo in my mouth when someone grabbed my hand and placed it on his own cock. There I was, sucking on one and playing with another. Seems I was gonna get my mouth fucked pretty hard tonight.

The second guy shot his load and I swallowed again and as soon as he finished I moved over to suck off the third guy. I was really enjoying myself. The third guy never got up so I was burying my face in his lap to get his cock as deep as I could into my mouth. I could feel his balls against my chin as I bobbed up and down on his stiff cock. My spit was running down his cock and it was so slippery that he easily slid all the way in. He called me a slut and told me to keep sucking his cock.

He placed his hand on the back of my head and shoved me down till my nose was buried in his stomach and his balls were tight against my chin. I couldn't move or do anything except swallow so swallow I did as his cock pushed against the back of my throat. It felt as if he was trying to shove his cock into my throat and fuck my stomach.

I was having a hard time breathing and I think he realized it because he moved his hand and let me up a bit so I could get a breath and then he slammed my head back into his crotch. This time he shot his load into my throat. It felt hot as it hit the back of my throat and shot down into my stomach. I swallowed and he came again. Once more I swallowed and another shot filled my mouth. 

It seemed like he was a cum machine filling me with his hot man cream and then I felt his cock twitch once more and then it started to soften. I continued to suck and swallow till I felt his cock start to shrink and then I was sure he had emptied his balls into my mouth. I got up and decided I had had enough cock for one night so I quickly turned around to leave and two guys were standing and looking at me with a gleam in their eyes. 

I smiled back and stepped aside while sliding my hand over their crotches feeling their hard cocks thru their pants. One of them even returned the favor rubbing my cock and grasping it gently. I stepped past them and the one that grabbed my cock turned and followed me out to the parking lot. Wondering what he was thinking, I stopped and let him approach.

"That was quite a show you put on in there". 

"Thanks, but I'm kinda wore out right now".

"No doubt. Watching you suck 3 cocks in a row made me quite horny".

"Thanks, but I don't think I could do another right now, my jaw is kinda sore".

"I understand, but I was thinking about having a hard cock in my mouth, I just didn't have as much balls as you to do it in there". He stretched out his hand and rubbed my cock again. I had to admit that it felt pretty good and I could use some release, so I undid my zipper and let my cock into the night air. 

"Not here, I don't have that much guts, but I just live around the corner, follow me".

Now I'm not the kinda person that feels comfortable going to some strangers place, but he had a hold of my cock and was stroking it expertly so I figured what the hell. He started walking away and looked over his shoulder and motioned me to follow. We walked toward the corner and chatted about the usual stuff, what's your name, where do you live, etc...

He really did live around the corner and we were at his apartment before I knew it. He walked in and motioned for me to have a seat on the sofa. As soon as I sat down, he plopped down in front of me and started to undo my pants. He slid my pants down and played with my cock thru my underwear. He moved his mouth to replace his hands and I could feel his hot breath and warm lips on my cock.

He grabbed the waistband of my jockey's with his teeth and pulled them down rubbing his nose over my cock and balls. I raised my hips so he could get my shorts and pants off and then he started licking up my legs from the knees. 

His tongue slid around my balls and he opened his mouth to take them full into him. He was really good at this, probably as good as me. He slid his tongue up my shaft and sucked the head of my cock into his mouth. As he sucked, I could feel his tongue play with it then he slowly slid the entire shaft down his throat. He felt wonderful as his mouth slid down my cock slowly engulfing the entire shaft.

When he got to the bottom, his tongue darted out and he licked my balls, what a feeling. He just stayed there with my cock buried deep in his mouth and swallowed. I think I could have stayed there all night with this expert cocksucker swallowing my rod. He slowly moved his head up to the top and just sucked on the head again, playing with the head with his tongue and trying to stick it into my pee hole. 

Again he slowly engulfed my entire cock and just stayed there with my cock buried in his mouth while he gently sucked and swallowed. What a wonderful feeling. Just when I thought I couldn't take it anymore, he started sucking harder and faster. He bobbed his head up and down taking my cock deep into his mouth and then moving to the top with just the head in his mouth. Faster and faster he went till I felt the seeds in my loins start to boil in my balls.

The first spurt shot out of my cock just as his lips hit the base of my stiff rod. He swallowed and kept his mouth at the base while I shot load after load into his willing mouth. He continued to swallow my load, which seemed to me to be never ending. I finally finished and he just kept his mouth on my cock, gently sucking and swallowing it deep into his throat. I never wanted to pull out and wanted to tell him how much I loved his mouth. 

"Wow!"

Startled, I looked up to see this lovely woman in the doorway to the bedroom, completely naked and fingering herself. 

"John, this is my roommate, Cheri." Then he went back to sucking my cock.

She looked at us and asked "Mind if I join?"