 Author's Note: Thanks so much for sticking with this story. It turned into a chaptered story on the fly, and work and life have intervened time-wise getting it done. There is one more chapter-a conclusion-which will be posting very soon. 

*****

It was the middle of the night. Craig woke up suddenly, scared and disoriented. He'd been having a terrible nightmare. At first, he didn't recognize where he was. The dark wood-paneled walls of the room he found himself in were not his own, and the sheets on the bed were made of silk instead of cotton. He kicked them off in a panic before he heard a voice next to him murmuring, "What's going on?"

Evan. Craig relaxed, though his heart was still pounding in fear.

He rolled over and hugged him tight, thinking how utterly wonderful it was to wake up from one of his nightmares and find him there. He threw one thigh over his as Evan grasped his hands, interlacing his fingers with his, and held them to his chest, whispering, "Go to sleep."

Craig snuggled into his warm body, and calmed himself down by reviewing the previous 24 hours. At the last minute, they'd decided to take a road trip down the coast. They were in The Lodge at Torrey Pines in La Jolla, just north of San Diego, right on the beach. They'd gotten in late last night and dropped off to an early sleep, too tired to have sex. 

Evan, Craig thought, still half asleep and still shaking with lingering fear; he's here, he's with me. His smell, his hair, his waist, his voice, his cock. His strong hands are holding mine. My lover. My boyfriend. The word quelled the uneasy fluttering of his stomach, the traces of panic from the dream he could no longer remember. Everything was fine.

They held each other, spooning, Craig nestling his soft cock in the small of Evan's back, and eventually drifted into a peaceful sleep.

The next morning, Evan awoke to sunlight pouring through the large windows of the California Craftsman style suite in the luxury hotel Craig had booked. It really was a special place. It had a cool 1920's Art Deco style, but was cozy and rustic as well. Outside the window he could see masses of pine trees and beyond that, the gorgeous beach. He yawned and stretched luxuriously before he reached for Craig, planting a trail of kisses across his shoulders and up to his neck, while pushing his hard cock into his thigh.

"Mmmm . . . good morning," Craig laughed, as he felt it.

"Morning," Evan whispered against his lips. He rolled on top of him and kissed him deeply. "How'd you sleep?"

"Uh, great, until I woke up."

"Why?'

"Ah, I had a nightmare."

"Oh? What was it?"

"I don't know. I can't remember. I never remember. I just wake up feeling like I'm falling. It's always like that."

"Really? How long have you had them?"

"Since I was little. God. I used to wake up like that and I'd have to go find my sister and crawl into bed with her."

Evan laughed. "Seriously?"

"Yes—in her pink canopy bed with her stuffed animals. I'd creep down the hallway through the house, in the dark, terrified, and go find her. It was horrible."

"Hey, let me ask you something."

"What?"

"Well you told me you've never been in a long term relationship. I get that. But I mean what about all these boys you were with . . . were you close to any of them?"

"Uh . . . sure . . . yeah," Craig stammered. "Yes, I mean, we'd talk . . ."

"Did you ever tell anyone about your nightmares? Any of your boyfriends?"

"Well, you're getting a little ahead of yourself there."

"What do you mean?"

"If I have to be honest, really honest, I have to say I haven't ever really had a boyfriend. Not a real one. Not really. Not until now."

"Oh, is that what we are?" Evan smiled at him, not missing a beat. "If that's the case, then we're exactly the same, aren't we, because I never have, either."

"Um, I guess so."

"Then that means neither of us really knows what we're doing, doesn't it?" Evan said. 

Beneath him, Craig felt Evan's erection pushing into him. "Do you like that?"

"I do."

"Why?"

"Because," Evan said, kissing his way down his neck, "It makes this even more fucking amazing than it already is. It's like it was meant to be."

"Jesus, Evan. You are so different. From anyone I've ever been with," Craig said, reaching up touch his face. "Just so, so different. I'm not used to this."

"To what, exactly? No wait—tell me later. Let's get up. Let's go do stuff. I want to hit the beach. Do some surfing, and then we can hang out and just . . . talk. I still haven't told you about my trip to Laguna."

"Alright, but what about this?" Craig said, stroking him. 

"'This' can wait. Until tonight," Evan whispered. "Let's have a wonderful day. Let's do something a 'couple' would do. And then we'll come back here. How does that sound?"

"It sounds good. Perfect. In fact . . . if you want to, maybe we can go to a bar," Craig said, a light bulb going off in his brain. "Let's go find a gay bar. I bet you've never been to one, have you?"

"What do you think?"

"What I think is . . you'll like it. I know a lot in San Diego. It's just a quick drive down. You want to?"

"Sure, though I have no idea . . . how to . . .um . . ."

Craig kissed him quickly on the lips. "Well I do. That is one thing I know how to do really well."

"Well then let's go."

+++

A couple of hours later, Evan sat on a sloping sand dune watching Craig take one last final wave before they called it a day. He smiled as he watched—he wasn't as skilled or as practiced as he was, but he was pretty damn good and they had had an absolute blast, as well as a fantastic work-out. This, to Evan, was as close as it got to a perfect day. Sun, sand, and ocean waves. His body loved it. The beach was engraved in his longest memories of being alive. 

Watching Craig's shaky moves on the surfboard, Evan was reminded of his days spent with Chad—an association aided by the fact that Craig looked so much like him. For a minute it was as if the ten or so years between now and then completely faded away, and he was 16, 17, laughing his ass off with his best friend. In fact, Evan realized, that was the last time, the very last time, he remembered being this happy. He hadn't quite realized how much he had missed it, until he had Craig. 

He smiled again, watching him. He adored seeing him so carefree and lighthearted. He would do anything to see him like this every day. "I'm really with him," he thought. "We're together. Two guys."

The ocean waves crashed over and over against the shore. Evan was drawn back and forth between the present and the past, and thinking about the future. 

Something was pushing, pressing, swelling up from within his heart, somewhere in his soul, something he could not fully grasp. Craig. Chad. Being with a man. He felt a strange melancholy along with his happiness, like a dark shadow passing over the sun on this utterly gorgeous day. . . it made him stand up suddenly and run to the shore to wave Craig out. He met him in chest-deep water and wrestled him into a huge, crashing wave, and they spun around holding each other tight, letting the water carry them further down, surrendering to the power of something so much bigger than themselves. They clung together in the clutch of the ocean's grasp until it spit them out wet and gasping on the shore, their bodies heaving and alive, as if newly born. They were so exhausted they could only lie together collapsed in a tangle of limbs, catching their breath. 

"Oh my god!" Craig sputtered, "Are you alright?"

"Yeah, oh that was strong!" Evan gasped, getting up on all fours. 

"Come on, here." Craig helped him up, and they righted themselves, with Craig's hands naturally traveling to hold Evan's waist. They both had their wetsuits pulled down off their chests, and the ocean had torn them even lower, almost down past their hips. Their muscles were tensing and pulsing, their breath still hard and fast. They looked at each other as a sharp, intense, and unforeseen wave of lust leaped from one to the other. Perhaps it had been the brief brush with danger, they didn't know, but both felt it. 

He reached out and laid his palm on Evan's wet, flat stomach, while glancing around.

"What are you doing?" Evan breathed.

Seeing no one near, Craig stepped in to kiss Evan while reaching down to touch him. He felt weak on his feet with the sudden intense need to get him inside his body. 

"No one's here. No one can see us."

"Yes, but—"

Craig shut him up with his lips and his hand squeezing his shaft as Evan moaned, "Oh fuck. What are you doing?"

"Come with me. Come on."

Craig led him by the hand, not knowing what he was doing or where he was going, but knowing what he needed to happen. Evan followed him in a trance, his eyes never leaving Craig's perfect ass. His cock pulsed in anticipation and before he knew it he was helping him search for a place. His eyes scanned the rocky shoreline, until they found a tiny cove sheltered by heavy brush and palm trees. They could barely wait until they were hidden for Evan to rip Craig's wetsuit down and push him over, grabbing his hips and spreading his legs as Craig moaned and pushed himself up against the wall. 

Evan slicked the head of his cock with the pre-cum pulsing fast and wet out of the tip, overwhelmed by the need to feel himself inside Craig, hard and deep. His mind was full of nothing but cock and ass. He needed to get close to him, as close as possible. Craig's helpless whimpers of need were reflected in the way his anal ring opened for Evan, relaxed and soft, hungry and receptive. 

"Ohhh, god . . ." Evan slipped inside easily, even though he was so swollen and so thick. "Oh, fuck . . . oh god . . ." he moaned into Craig's back as he held his waist and stayed still inside him, filling him up, pushing gently but deeply, encased in his warm channel. Craig reached back blindly with one arm to grab Evan's head and hold it against his body. They were both shocked at the sudden need, the urgent blind need for each other, but did not question it. Craig pushed his ass back, drawing him in deeper and tighter, wanting to feel his whole length pulsing inside him. He pushed back and groaned as the waves of pleasure started to spread out slowly, slowly, increasing with each small thrust from Evan, who barely drew out, just enough to caress the head of his cock with each deep push. Their bodies were tense and practically motionless except for Evan's stroking. 

"Oh, baby, Daddy's here, Daddy's in your tight ass, ohh fuck . . ." In moments like this Evan absolutely could not control what came out of his mouth. The words spilled forth from some primal core he was powerless to stop or understand. 

Craig whimpered in response, his anal canal exploding in fresh waves of pleasure at Evan's hot, dirty words. His cock grew to painful proportions at the sound of his voice, instantly getting enormously and fully hard, the skin stretching tightly over the blood-swollen flesh as he responded from deep within his own totally open erotic center. 

"I'm going to fuck you so good tonight, baby," Evan moaned, knowing that his climax was near. "Daddy's going to fuck his sweet little boy, I promise, oh fuck—Craig . . ."

Craig used his free arm for leverage to push back and increase the effect of Evan's short, powerful strokes. They rocked tightly together only a few inches back and forth, grinding deeply into each other, riding the crescendo of the lustful wave that had swept them into this close, secret place. Each intimate touch of Evan's pulsing cock head pushed open the expanding spiral of Craig's pleasure, which gripped his entire lower body and turned it into pure liquid. He was opened up as fully as he could be. 

"Touch me!" he begged. "Stroke my cock!"

Evan groaned into his skin as he grabbed his dick and jerked him off while he fucked him with short, violent strokes, pushing him over the edge just as his own orgasm exploded. He felt Craig clench down on his cock with his ass as he spurted inside him, felt the trembling in his hips and thighs, every intimate facet of his orgasm increasing the intensity of his own. 

They stood panting and sweating, astonished, almost embarrassed with each other, as Evan slowly withdrew. They both knew they had only barely satisfied themselves. Evan rubbed Craig's thighs, caressed his hips, soothing his agitated muscles. He kissed his back as he whispered, "Are you ok?"

"Yes. God, Evan!"

"I know. Fuck. Let's, uh . . ." They slowly disentangled themselves and managed to get dressed, glancing around. But the beach near them was deserted.

They stood and hugged for a second, looking at each other, wondering what the hell just happened. "I meant it," Evan said. "About tonight. We'll take our time. In a bed."

As they emerged back into the brilliant sunshine, Evan took Craig's hand and continued to hold it as they walked back to their towels and belongings. They passed people along the way, some glancing at them, but Evan did not let go. 

As they were nearing their spot, Evan saw a small group of guys headed their way, and he stopped, thinking he might recognize one of them. As they approached, he realized he did—it was Andy, from the station.

"Hey, wow—Andy!" he couldn't help blurting out. 

Andy was with three other guys, all decked out in surfing gear. Evan thought he might recognize one or two others from the gym, though he didn't know them.

"Evan, my god, how weird!"

They all stood awkwardly for a moment, Evan still holding Craig's hand. Every other pair of eyes was looking at Craig with intense interest. 

"So, uh . . . what are you doing here?" Andy asked. "Are you staying at the Lodge?"

"Yes! I'm sorry—this is my friend, Craig Symons."

"Oh, we know who he is," said one of Andy's friends. "Mr. LA." His eyes, along with the others, were simply devouring Craig. 

Evan gave them a puzzled look. 

Andy laughed. "Haven't you seen it? The ad? The billboard's up all over the place. And in a few magazines. We were just, uh . . . enjoying at it back at the hotel. Your boyfriend's kind of famous."

"Craig Symons, 30," someone recited from memory. "Of the Symons Development family. Entertainment lawyer, lives in Malibu."

"But it didn't say anything about his hot boyfriend. Hi, I'm Josh," said one of the guys Evan thought he recognized from the gym. He held out his hand. "I've wanted to meet you for the longest time."

Josh had black hair and black eyes and was flashing an adorable smile. "The cop on the treadmill. Every day. I was the one checking you out from the Stairmaster." He glanced at Craig, who was openly staring at him. "Ok, ok, settle down. Soooo happy to meet you and your . . . fantastically gorgeous . . . incredibly hot . . . underwear model boyfriend."

Evan turned to look at Craig. "You didn't tell me it was 'underwear.'"

"Oh, it's nothing," Craig said, embarrassed. "Just something I did for Larry."

"Nothing?" said Josh, now gawking at Craig. "Andy, explain it to them."

"Ok, well there's a huge, gigantic billboard of you on Sunset . . ."

"Larger than life."

"Perfect."

"Dreamy."

"I nearly crashed my car."

Craig couldn't help cracking a smile. "Alright, alright."

"And you two are . . . oh this is too good to be true."

Andy interrupted his friends. "So, anyway, Josh here invited us down. His dad has a membership at the Country Club in La Jolla. And he got us a free space at the Lodge, so we thought we'd just get in some surfing while there's still time. Hey—what are you two doing tonight? Any free time?"

Evan glanced at Craig. "Well we were thinking of going down to San Diego. I guess—hitting a bar?"

"Awesome. Same here. Do you want to meet up, maybe? I mean, if we're not interrupting a romantic weekend together . . ." Andy said, looking at their interlaced hands. 

"No, no, I think—do you want to?" Evan asked Craig.

"Sure. Of course. It'll be fun." Craig smiled at the others. "Evan's never been. To a gay bar, I mean. I was going to take him for his 'first time.'"

"Well fantastic. Why don't we meet in the lobby—say around 9:00?"

"Ok—sounds good. We'll see you then."

"Bye, Craig," someone said. 

"Yeah—bye."

"Nice ad."

"Dreamy."

"Ok, see you later," Andy said, laughing, as they walked away.

As they walked back to their spot, Evan stopped and turned to him. "Are you seriously in underwear?"

"Yes," Craig said, giving him a quick kiss. "You can see my big cock."

"Fuck, don't tell me that!"

"Oh come on. Think how hot it's going to be. Your boyfriend plastered all over Los Angeles."

Evan didn't know quite how he felt about that. "I'd like it if you weren't."

"Too late. Come on, I'm tired."

They stripped off their suits, and pulled on sweats and t-shirts, and settled down onto a very soft, comfortable sand dune on their towels. Craig sat between Evan's legs and leaned back against him, and let the hot sun warm him up. "This is perfect."

Evan stroked his shoulders and rubbed his back, and drew him closer. He massaged his neck, making Craig moan in pleasure.

"'Mr. LA' . . ." Evan murmured. "That is kind of hot. . ."

"Hmmm?" Craig said. 

"It's kind of cool thinking that I have you. That you're my sweet boy," Evan whispered into his neck. "That everyone wants."

Craig laughed and squeezed Evan's thighs. "I fucking love it when you say that!"

"I mean it. I like knowing that you're mine. Are you, baby?"

"Mmmmmm . . . yes . . ." 

"Really?"

Craig laughed and leaned further back. "You need to ask? What were we doing 15 minutes ago?"

"Tell me what you meant, back at the hotel. You said you'd never been with someone like me. That you 'weren't used to this.' Weren't used to what?"

Craig tried to remember their conversation. He thought for a minute. "Oh, yeah. You were telling me something. You said the fact that we're each other's first real boyfriend turned you on."

"Yeah, and what's so special about that?"

Craig didn't want to tell him he was really thinking about Jason. He hadn't breathed a word of what had happened and he never planned to.

"Oh, well, it's just, the guys I dated . . . used to date . . . the ones I fell for . . . would never have thought that was an attractive thing. Just the opposite."

"No?"

"Noooo . . . in fact they'd think having a 'boyfriend' at all was pretty stupid. Corny. Plus . . . look, it was just the type I went for. Very sort of above all that. It was really mostly about the sex, with me always the one wanting more. And feeling like a fucking asshole all the time for wanting it. And then there's you. Not only do you like me wanting a boyfriend, never having had a real boyfriend, it actually turns you on! That's different."

"Ok, so you've been 'in love,' with guys like that, but . . . it was never returned, that's what you're saying. It wasn't mutual."

"It might have been, I don't know, but they never would have said so or admitted it."

"This whole time? That's always been your type?"

"Yes. Usually ending in disaster—at least for me."

"Yes, well, at least you were honest. At least you tried, and put yourself out there. And didn't become like them."

"Huh . . . I guess so . . .you're kind of right. I didn't."

"Because you knew someone like me would come along," Evan laughed.

"No. No I didn't." 

Craig had settled back and had his head ensconced on Evan's stomach, just relaxing and enjoying the sun. His arms gripped his thighs and he stroked them as they were silent for a while.

"So how was Laguna, you didn't tell me."

"Good. Well—weird."

"What?"

"My mother told me something. I couldn't fucking believe it."

"What is it?"

"Remember that guy Chad I told you about? My friend? Or I should say, ex-friend?"
