 I was sight-seeing in London a couple of weeks ago and was desperate for a piss. I found a public toilet and went inside. The urinal was the old fashioned trough style and standing at it was a guy having a piss. He was in his mid to late 20s, tall, well built with light brown hair. I stood close enough to see his cock but not close enough to upset him. His cock looked a nice size - about 5" soft and very thick, pushing out a heavy stream of piss. When he finished he turned slightly in my direction while he stuffed his cock back in his jeans and buttoned up the fly. It made a nice bulge in his tight jeans. When I lifted my eyes to his face he was smiling at me. He left and I got on with finishing up.

When I left he was standing outside, leaning on a fence and watching the toilet block. I decided to take a chance and went over and started talking to him. The bulge in his jeans was getting bigger as we were talking - I wondered how much his cock was growing and really wanted to taste it in my mouth. Turns out he wanted some action too but not in the toilet. Only trouble was he lived on the opposite side of London to me, and I had a dinner date that evening with my family that I couldn't get out of. We swapped mobile numbers and email addresses and parted company. I watched his bubble butt arse in his tight jeans as he walked away, wishing I could think of a good excuse to miss the family gathering. 

The next day I was pleasantly surprised to find an email from him in my inbox with a pic attached. It showed him with his jeans down, and his cock hanging. It looked very tasty, with low hanging balls behind it and a slight pubic bush. God I wanted to suck on it. My cock sprang to attention straight away. I texted him back and asked if he could accommodate if I traveled over. He said he couldn't but could travel to my flat that afternoon. Even better for me as I prefer to fuck in my own bed. When he arrived I was wearing track suit pants and t-shirt. I opened the door to see he was wearing a very tight t-shirt, and the same jeans as on the previous day - obviously wasn't wearing underwear as his semi hard cock was halfway down his left leg. 

As I closed the door he grabbed me around the waist and pulled me to him and planted a heavy kiss on me - parting my lips and pushing his tongue into my mouth. I sucked on it and then pushed my tongue into his mouth. My hands were all over his butt but I couldn't resist bringing one round and fondling that package. It felt so hard and big. I had to get it out. I pulled his buttons open and reached in. His cock sprang into my hand, hot, heavy and very thick. It was already wet with precum. I went to my knees, pulled his jeans down and had about 8" of hard cock in front of me. My cock was straining to get out but I ignored it. 

I licked the precum from his cock head, ran my tongue lightly around the rim and then down and up the shaft. It was so thick I didn't think I could get it in my mouth, but I opened wide and sank my mouth over his cock head and halfway down his shaft. He let out a gasp as I did and put his hands on my either side of my head. I went up and down, up and down, loving the thick cock sliding in my mouth wishing I could get it all in and feel his pubic hair on my nose. He started face fucking me as I played with his dangling balls. His grip on my head tightened as did his balls, and he shot a stream of cum into my mouth and throat. 5 or 6 times his cock fired his hot cum into my mouth, filling it so I had cum dribbling down my chin. It tasted sweet and creamy. I licked it off my chin not wanting to miss any.

I waited for his cock to stop spurting and made sure I licked all the remaining cum off his cock before I stood up. 

We moved into the bedroom and frantically stripped each others clothes off, kissing all the time. I ran my hands over his smooth chest, and then pulled him to me so my hairy chest could rub against him. My cock was twitching for attention so he got down on his knees and sank his mouth over my entire cock. I'm not small but he didn't have any trouble getting it all in his mouth. He sucked me back and forward, his fingers playing with my hole, fingering it to get it open. I envied him being able to swallow my cock whole. I couldn't do that to his monster cock with my mouth but I knew I could swallow it with my cunt. And at that point his fingering had made me so horny I really wanted to be fucked hard by his cock. 

I pulled him off my cock and pushed him back on the bed where I had lube and poppers waiting. His cock was still hard after cumming so I lubed it up and straddled him ready to sit on it. His cock head was pushing at my hole, and I slowly pushed down so the head was inside me. Without warning he thrust his hips up and slammed his cock balls deep into me. I think I screamed but god it felt good - I could feel his pubic hair against my cheeks so I knew he was in all the way. "How do you like being fucked?" he asked. "Hard, the harder the better" I replied. He told me to take a few good hits of poppers cos he was going to fuck me so hard. 

When the poppers had started to relax me and open me up, I lifted up off him slightly so he could get movement. He pulled his cock almost out and then rammed it back in, again and again and again. He fucked me for about 10 minutes slamming his cock balls deep each time, tickling my prostrate. With more poppers I wanted more cock and he had the stamina to keep fucking me. We changed positions a couple of times until we were fucking doggie style on the edge of the bed. He was banging my cunt so fucking hard. I wanted to cum on him so I made him stop and lie on the bed, holding his hard cock pointing to the ceiling. I straddled him and sunk his cock balls deep into my cunt.

Suddenly I felt a tingle and before I could stop it, I shot ropes of cum all over his body, hitting him in the jaw with the first spurt. He put his hands on my shoulders and pushed me down and thrust his groin up and held it there while letting out a moan - I could feel his hot cum filling my pussy. We stayed in that position for a minute or two, him filling me with his spurting cock and me spurting on his body. Then I lent forward and kissed him. He wrapped his arms around me and rolled us over onto our sides, his cock still inside me. 

"Do you know what the best lube is?" he asked. 

"What?" I said. 

"Cum". His cock was still hard inside me - I didn't think we had finished, and I was right.