 I had been fantasizing about meeting up with another guy for sex, and sucking cock for the first time. I'll save the "why" for another story; suffice it to say I had been thinking about it for a while, and had jerked off a fair amount while browsing the m4m personals on Craigslist.

One weekday morning for whatever reason I had the day off. I plucked up the courage to respond to an ad posted by a guy in his late 40's who worked from home during the day. One of his ad pictures was of nice-looking cock - not huge, just good-sized, a little thick, and with a nice mushroom helmet. I had been attracted to older men as well as younger, perhaps it was a maturity thing. Regardless, I found myself at his suburban front door about 90 minutes later, at about 11:00 in the morning.

He answered the door in a bathrobe, with bare legs and a hairy chest showing through the top of his robe. It was an average suburban house, nice enough, and obviously decorated by his wife. There were the required family pictures around the place, and blankets neatly folded over the backs of the couches. Typical middle-America stuff.

We had talked about taking a shower together, so, after a few minutes of awkward chatting, he asked me if I wanted to get started, and get into the shower. We went into the bathroom and he turned on the shower to warm it up. With him watching, I stripped off all of my clothes, standing naked and semi erect in front of him. He smiled at me, running his hand down my hip, then he opened and took off his robe, displaying to me his medium-sized cock and shaved balls, and a slight belly. He was lightly hairy, but in decent shape. I got into the shower, and he came in behind me. 

After a couple of minutes of rubbing each others' chests and hips, and a couple of open-mouthed kisses, he grabbed some shower gel and began to soap my body. He played with my chest and nipples, then turned me around and washed my back and legs. Finally, he lifted my leg to the rim of the tub, and thoroughly washed the back of my thighs and my ass, paying particular attention to my asshole. He fingered and played with my hole, then rinsed me off. By the time he was done with his cleaning/inspection, my cock was rock hard and my blood was rushing. Then I washed him too. His cock felt rubbery and alive, it was the first one I had ever really touched. I enjoyed feeling it grow as I 'cleaned' him.

Once we were done in the shower we got out. He took a fresh towel and dried me off, especially my cock, ass, and armpits. Then I dried him. His cock was still semi-hard, and I wanted to suck it. I kneeled down, and carried on drying him carefully, his penis right in front of my eyes. Finally, I couldn't wait any more. I discarded the towel I was holding, and cupped his balls and held his cock around the base.

I brought it to my face, and smelled his scent. He smelled clean and very faintly musky, and the skin on his dick was incredibly smooth and soft. I rubbed my face against his cock, and gently kneaded his balls. I placed a kiss on the head of his penis, and felt a small drip of precum, slippery on my lips. I kissed the underside of his cock, and then sucked his beautiful mushroom into my mouth. 

It felt great in my mouth, and I sucked as far down as I could, gagging slightly as it hit the back of my throat. With practice and concentration, I was able to take him deeper and deeper, almost completely into my mouth and throat, all the while using my hands up and down the shaft, just as I liked my cock sucked. I would alternate between sucking his balls and his cock, all the while keeping up a good pressure on his cock with my hands. I also wrapped my hands around his thighs, pulling his cock into my mouth and throat. The mushroom felt so good moving in and out of my mouth, I didn't want to stop. I loved catching my lips on his helmet, and playing with his wrinkled scrotum.

He was enjoying it too, talking dirty to me and telling me how much he and I were both enjoying it. "Yeah, suck my daddy cock, that's a good boy! You love sucking that cock, don't you, making me feel good. That's it, work my balls, suck my cock deep!" I was really enjoying myself. 

As I continued, his words became more urgent, and more crass. He called me his naked cocksucker, and urged me to take more and more of his great cock into my throat. He told me he was going to introduce me to his group of married bisexual friends, so that I could suck all of their cocks, maybe even introduce me to his regular cocksucker, and have us suck and fuck each other for his or the group's enjoyment. His hands were pushing down on the back of my head, and his hips were firmly rocking back and forth, enjoying the warmth and wetness of my mouth, and my eager sucking. Saliva was running down my hands and dripping from my chin, and I could feel and taste the salty precum his stiff cock was dropping into my mouth and throat. My own cock was bobbing up and down between my legs, and I was as turned on as I could remember being. Serving this man.

Soon, his words became more urgent, more insistent, and he was pushing harder and harder on my head, forcing me to take all of his thick helmet into my throat. I was gagging and gasping, but wanted to make him cum into my mouth. I knew the moment of climax was fast approaching.

Before I had arrived for this encounter, I had planned to be very safe - I was going to make him wear a condom, I was going to protect both of us. But as the moment of truth arrived, I knew I wanted to feel his cum in my mouth, taste him, feel the spurts of his passion into my throat.

And with a groan and a shout, he began to cum. I felt his cock thicken and grow incredibly hard. I could feel the veins in his cock bulge, and then my mouth was flooded with his cum. I squeezed and sucked hard, swallowing as quickly as I could, coughing as his spend slapped against my throat. Then pumping him into the front of my mouth, so I could taste his bitter saltiness. The texture was surprising - it coated my mouth and my tongue, and was difficult to swallow. But swallow I did, sucking down four good shots of his cum. Finally, as he began to shake from overstimulation, I eased up, using my hands on his shaft and balls, and squeezing out the last few drops which I licked from the eye of his penis. Lovingly, cleaning the saliva and cum from his balls and shaft, as his legs shook with the intensity of the sensations.

My nose was running, my eyes were teared, and my mouth was slippery. And I smiled and hummed around his red cock head. 

It was a lot of fun.