 Ch. 01: Educating Gordie

I looked up at the clock and yawned. It was only the first day of school and second period chemistry was already boring me to tears. We were all standing in the back half of the class room which was set up as a lab. Mr. Carl was explaining the safety rules. 

"Okay, everyone pick a lab partner for the semester," Mr. Carl announced. 

Great. It was bad enough that I was always picked last at sports, but I was always get picked last for this stuff too. Well, being a senior at least I don't have to take PE anymore. 

"Hey, Clark. Wanna be my partner?" 

I looked up in shock to see Gordon Thomas was standing next to me. Gordon was a senior like me. He played on the football team. I was shocked for two reasons: one, that he would be taking chemistry; and two, that he was talking to me. Being a jock, he was pretty popular, especially compared to me. I was a bookworm who hung out with two other nerds. 

"Uh, really?" I asked looking at him skeptically. 

"Yeah. I need to get a good grade... and you're really smart... so..." 

I rolled my eyes. "Sure, Gordon. I'll be your lab partner." 

Mr. Carl had everyone take a seat with their partners. The front half of the room had tables designed for two students instead of individual desks. Gordon and I sat together at one of the back tables.

While Mr. Carl droned on, I snuck a peek at Gordon. He was a big, husky guy, over 6'4" and a bit overweight. He had a bit of a stomach and love handles. I figured he must be at least 240 pounds. He had brown hair and green eyes. He also had a beard, which wasn't very common for high school guys. His beard wasn't very thick, but it was full. His family moved here from Georgia four years ago, so he had a very Southern accent that stuck out amongst everyone else's northern Michigan accent. Gordon wasn't gorgeous, but he wasn't ugly either. 

I'm Clark as you already know. I just turned 18 years old and I'm quite a bit smaller than Gordon at 5'9" and 145 pounds. I've got black hair and brown eyes and I wear glasses. My mom is Thai and my Dad is white, so I have a half-Asian look to me. Most people can't seem to figure out my nationality and since I was born and raised in the U.S., I don't sound 'Asian'. Mom has lived in the U.S. most of her life, so she's really Americanized and became a U.S. citizen several years ago. I get the "Where are you from?" question a lot. Depending on my mood, I usually end up saying "Michigan". Most of the people that live in the small northern Michigan town where I live are white, I guess it's understandable that they'd be curious, but sometimes it's rude. 

"Fuck, this dude is boring as hell," Gordon whispered to me. 

I chuckled. 

When the bell finally rang, Gordon hopped out of his seat. "See ya tomorrow, Clark," he said and he was out the door. 

*** 

After school, I usually walk to the public library to study and do my homework for a couple of hours. By the time I get home from the library, usually Mom and Dad are home. Right now, it's just Mom, Dad and me at home. My older brother Greg is a junior at Central Michigan, so he's living on campus down in Mt. Pleasant. 

When we did our first chemistry lab, I did most of the work while Gordon watched. He was eager to help, but didn't want to mess anything up. One thing I quickly discovered about Gordon was that he was a big joker. He was always joking or making fun of something. He had me giggling inappropriately on more than one occasion. 

We had a quiz coming up and Gordon wanted to get together to study. I told him I always went to the library after school so we could study there. He had football practice and asked me if I could hang out and wait for him. After school, I hung out in the computer lab for an hour and then made my way to the parking lot. 

A few minutes later, the guys exited the school and were headed to their cars. Gordon called out to me and I met up with him and we walked to his truck. He had a really old, rusty, beat-up, blue Dodge pick up truck. It wasn't much to look at, but at least he had a car of his own. 

I climbed into the truck with him and he pulled out a pack of cigarettes and lit one. 

"You smoke?" he asked, holding out the pack to me. 

I shook my head. "No." 

"You don't mind if I do, do ya?" 

"Nah. It's your truck, Gordon." 

"My friends call me Gordie. Call me Gordie." 

"Sure, Gordie." 

As Gordie started the truck and pulled out of the parking lot, I snuck a look at him. His hair was wet from the after-practice shower. His beard was damp a little bit as well. It looks like he had trimmed it down and shaped it up a little bit recently. I hadn't noticed in class this morning. It looked good. As we drove to the library, he had his window down. He kept his cigarette outside the window except when he took a drag. 

Gordie followed me into the library and I sat down at my usual table near the back corner. We went over everything a few times for a couple of hours. 

Gordie finally yawned and stretched. When he leaned back and stretched, his T-shirt rode up a little bit and I saw his furry belly. I felt something tingle inside me that I knew would get me into trouble and I quickly looked away. 

"I'm fuckin' starved," he said. "Let's call it a day and go grab something to eat." 

I called my mom and told her I was going out to dinner with a friend from school. We both ordered a cheeseburger and fries and got to know each other a little better. I found out that he's the youngest of four boys. None of his three older brothers live at home. I told him my older brother Greg was going to CMU. 

Gordie had a nasty sense of humor, which I found really funny. He was sarcastic and actually kind of mean, but I couldn't stop laughing. He'd say something scathing about someone and I would have a laughing fit and he'd just grin at me, pleased that he made me laugh.

He asked if I as going to the game on Friday night and I had already planned on going. Gordie dropped me off at home and we said goodbye and I watched him speed off. 

*** 

The next day in Chemistry class, Mr. Carl was going over the test materials for Friday's test. When Mr. Carl faced the chalkboard, he had a chalk mark on the seat of his pants. Gordie leaned over to me and whispered, "Looks like Carl shoved a stick of chalk up his ass". 

I tried not to laugh, but that made me want to laugh harder. It wasn't even funny, but I guess that's what happens with inappropriate laughter. Gordie sat there with a smug grin on his face and shrugged when people started looking. 

"Is there a joke you'd like to share with the class, Mr. Johnson?" Mr. Carl asked me. He was pissed. 

I stifled one last giggle, cleared my throat and said, "No, sir." 

I wrote "JERK" on a piece of paper and pushed it towards Gordie. He just grinned. 

We had our test Friday morning and Gordie said he felt pretty good about it. I was sure I got an A. That afternoon we had a pep rally in gym at the end of the day for the first game of the season. Gordie was wearing his football jersey. He was #79. While the coach introduced the team, he looked up and caught my eye and gave me a small smile. I grinned back at him.

That night, I went to the game with my friend Artie. Our team won easily, 35 to 7. Gordie was an offensive lineman and he played most of the game. I didn't take my eyes off him the entire time.

The next Thursday, Gordie and I got together to study again at the library, but we spent most of the time quietly talking. 

"You got a girlfriend, Clark? I always see you with that Amy girl." 

"No, we're just friends. I think Amy has a crush on my other friend, Artie." 

"That the skinny nerdy guy?" 

"Yeah. What about you?" I asked.

"Nah. All these girls here are stuck-up bitches." 

"Really? But you're so popular and a big jock, I figured they'd be all over a guy like you." 

"Yeah, right. I'm fat and hairy. I make them laugh and they'll hang out with me, but they don't want to fuck a guy like me." 

"Well, it's their loss. I think you're great." 

Oh, shit. Me and my big mouth.

Gordie's mouth turned up in a smirk. "Thanks, Clark. So how far have you got? Second base? Third base?" 

I blushed. "Um... I haven't really..." 

"Sorry, dude. Wait... Not even first base? Kissing?" 

I shook my head. "What about you?" 

"I got to second base with a girl last year. Groped her tits while we were kissing and making out." 

"Cool," I replied. 

God, I am such a dork. But I was kind of surprised that Gordie hadn't gotten further. I mean, he was kind of a stud. He said he was fat and hairy. Maybe he was a little fat, but he wasn't that big. And his beard made him look older and manlier and really sexy and I'll bet his body was hairy and hot too. The more time I spent with Gordie, the more attractive I thought he was. When he smiled or laughed, he was so handsome.

We packed up our stuff since we weren't getting anything done and grabbed a pizza. I had a couple slices and Gordie finished it off. It was dark by the time we pulled up into my driveway. I unbuckled my seat belt and picked up my backpack off the floor. 

"Clark." 

I looked at Gordie. He moved closer to me and put his hand on the back of my head. He pulled me into him and kissed me on the lips. I was shocked, but immediately recovered and we kissed longer the second time. I opened my mouth the way he did. When he pulled away, he sucked my bottom lip and it slipped out of his mouth with a pop. 

He looked at me and said, "There. Now you've been to first base. See you tomorrow." 

I nodded and hurried inside. I ran upstairs to my bedroom. My dick was throbbing in my pants. Gordie Thomas just kissed me. Like a real kiss. I grabbed a t-shirt and my pajama bottoms and went to the bathroom. I turned on the shower and adjusted the water. I lathered myself up and as soon as wrapped my soapy hand around my dick, I stroked it down and then up one time and it spurted all over the shower curtain. I leaned back against the wall panting. I splashed water on the curtain to wash away the evidence and quickly finished my shower. 

*** 

I was nervous as hell sitting next to Gordie in class the next day. He acted totally normal like nothing was wrong. After class he stopped me and said he was going to a party after the game and invited me to come along. I waited for him after the game and rode out with him to the party. A bunch of kids from school were there, and there was lots of beer and loud music. I stuck with Gordie, who introduced me as his friend Clark. Some of them wondered why I was there I'm sure, but no one seemed to really mind. 

Gordie spent most of the time in the back yard smoking and drinking. I stood next to him nursing my first ever beer the entire night. I'd join in and laugh at the conversation, but I felt kind of out of place. Gordie stopped drinking after a couple of beers. By the time we left for the night, he didn't seem at all drunk. I guess he was a big guy and could handle the beer. 

When we pulled up to my house, he kissed me again. I could smell the beer on his breath. We kissed longer and deeper this time. When his tongue pushed at my lips, I opened and let him run it along my tongue. I played with his tongue with my own until he finally broke the kiss. 

"Ask your Mom and Dad if you can spend the night tomorrow," he said. 

"Okay." 

He sped off and I went inside and found my Dad in the living room watching TV. He asked if I had a good time. I said I did and asked if I could spend tomorrow night at Gordie's. He didn't have a problem with it, but wanted to meet Gordie first. 

*** 

When Gordie rang the doorbell Saturday afternoon, I was a nervous wreck. He poured on the Southern charm with both of my parents and they ate it up. My Dad was a big guy like Gordie and he loved football, and he and Gordie talked about the varsity football team and the Lions like they were best friends. Mom thought he was so sweet.

We went to his house and he introduced me to his parents. They seemed very nice. We hung out in Gordie's room and played Halo on his xbox 360. He was way better at it than I was. His parents pretty much left us alone. 

"We got a rec room in the basement. Come on." 

We grabbed some Cokes and went downstairs. There was a couch and a big projection TV, a pool table, and a dart board on the wall. A sink and laundry area was on the back wall. There was also a bed and dresser in the back corner, behind a partition wall. 

"That was my oldest brother's room before he moved out. My parents usually let me stay down here when buddies stay the night." 

We played darts for a while until Gordie's mom called down the stairs and asked if we wanted her to order pizza. She ordered our pizza and when it arrived, we ran upstairs. His Dad told us to go ahead and grab one of the boxes and take it downstairs. 

We sat on the couch and watched a movie and ate pizza. 

"It's hot down here," Gordie said. He stood up and pulled his shirt off. I softly gasped. His chest and stomach were covered with soft brown hair. He was slightly overweight and his pecs and stomach looked soft and he had the beginnings of love handles. He had a sun design tattoo on his upper left bicep and a tribal arm band around the same arm. 

Gordie flexed his arm and asked, "You like my tats?" 

I nodded. "Yeah, they're really cool." 

"Thanks. See what I mean about being fat and hairy? No one would want this, would they?"

Gordie smacked his hairy belly.

"I don't think you're fat, Gordie. You're a big guy. The extra weight on you looks good... you look really manly." 

Gordie sat down next to me on the couch. He was only wearing a pair of basketball shorts and socks. He was close enough I could feel the heat from his body. 

"Why don't you get comfortable, Clark?" 

I took my shirt off and sat back on the couch. 

"You're so smooth and skinny," he said. "You've got the opposite problem of me." 

"Yeah, I guess so." 

Gordie licked his lips and then kissed me. We French kissed for what seemed like a really long time. I ran my hand through the hair on his chest and stomach. Gordie stood up and took me over to the bed. We laid down facing each other. 

"You really do think I'm hot, don't you?" he asked. 

"Yeah. You're the hottest guy I know." 

Gordie took my glasses off and set them on the night stand next to the bed. 

"You're cute, Clark." 

I blushed. "Thanks." 

Gordie pulled me to him and kissed me again. We kissed and he kissed my neck and gently sucked it. He felt my nipples and they got hard when his fingers brushed against them. I whimpered as he flicked his fingers back and forth across them. I ran my hand down his chest and stomach as we made out. Gordie suddenly took my hand and placed it onto his crotch. I could feel how hard his dick was though his shorts. 

"Second base," he whispered. 

We both chuckled quietly. 

"These shorts are uncomfortable," he whispered. "I'm gonna take mine off." 

He slid the shorts down and dropped them over the side of the bed. I untied mine and did the same. Gordie was wearing dark blue plaid boxer shorts. I had on a pair of black briefs. My little dick created a bulge pointing up towards my belly button. 

"Can I see it, Gordie?" I whispered. 

Gordie laid flat on his back and pushed off his boxers and tossed them onto the floor. He had a fat uncircumcised penis surrounded by a bush of brown hair. It looked to be about 6 and 3/4 inches long and it was really, really thick around. The shaft pointed up towards his stomach and was smooth and solid. His pink head peeked out from the foreskin and there was a drop of pre-come on the tip. 

"God, it's so big, Gordie. I've never seen one like yours before, you know... uncircumcised." 

I ran my hand up and down his furry chest and moved it closer to his crotch. I glanced up at him, not knowing if I should proceed.

"Go ahead, Clark," he whispered huskily. 

I wrapped my hand around the shaft and slowly slid it up and down. I watched the foreskin easily glide over the head. I wiped at the drop of fluid with my thumb. Gordie bit his bottom lip and stifled a groan. 

"Do it, Clark. Jack me off." 

I started stroking Gordie's cock faster. He felt so hard in my hand, but the skin was so soft. 

"Faster, Clark.... A little tighter... Yeah... Just like that... Oh god... Here it comes. I'm coming!" 

Gordie's dick swelled and pulsed in my hand and a long rope of come blasted out of Gordie's dick and splashed across my cheek and chin. I jerked my head back in surprise, but kept stroking until the remaining blasts covered his chest and stomach. I let go of his dick when he finished and wiped my hand on his stomach. He turned and looked at me and laughed. He took his index and middle finger and wiped them across my face. He brought it up to my face and then swiped his fingers across my lips and laughed again.

I chuckled and then met his eyes and licked my lips. Gordie looked at me with lust and did it again. I licked again. When he moved his fingers to me this time, he stopped and I opened my mouth and he slipped them in and I licked the come off his fingers. It was the best thing I ever tasted.

Gordie pushed my underwear down to my knees and I kicked them off. He looked down at me for a few seconds. He slowly reached down to my crotch. He ran his fingers over my small 4.5" penis and then took it into his hand and stroked it up and down with his fingers. It only took a few seconds before I shot my load onto my chest and stomach. 

Gordie pulled me out of bed and we walked over to the laundry sink. We got a towel and wiped ourselves down and rinsed off in the sink. 

We returned to the bed and laid down and gently touched and kissed each other. I reached down and slowly stroked Gordie's balls and his hard shaft.

"I can't believe you're hard again," I whispered.

Gordie moved flat on his back and I started slowly jerking him off again. His hand moved to the back of my head and he pushed it down to his dick. 

"Suck it, Clark," he whispered. 

I looked up at Gordie. "I've never..." 

"Just do it like they do in porn. Move your head on it and cover your teeth with your lips." 

"You won't tell anyone?" 

"Fuck, no. This is all just between us." 

He smiled at me and I smiled back. I moved my head down to his dick. I picked it up off his belly with my hand and licked at the tip. I took the head into my mouth. It was hot and soft. It had a slightly salty taste. The smell was intoxicating, a musky sweaty salty smell. I closed my eyes and took him into my mouth. 

"Oh, fuck, Clark. That feels so fucking good. Suck my cock, Clark." 

I started moving my mouth up and down his shaft, going down as far as I could before I felt I was going to choke. The skin felt soft in my mouth, but underneath it was hard as steel. I used my hand and mouth together to bob up and down on him. As I did this, I sucked and I could hear quiet slurping sounds echoing in my ear. Clark kept his hand on the back of my head. I knew then and there that I was 100% gay. 

"Keep going. Just like that, Clark. I wanna come in your mouth. Make me come, Clark." 

I increased my speed and intensity of the bobbing and sucking. 

"Oh, shit, here it comes!" 

Gordie's hands gripped my head I felt the first blast hit the roof of my mouth and then pool on my tongue. I swallowed on instinct. It was followed by several more blasts and I swallowed those too.

"Ugh! Oh, fuck..." he grunted.

I pulled off Gordie's cock and laid on my back. I grabbed my dick and stroked it up and down twice and it fired come onto my chest and stomach. I got up and wiped myself off with the towel at the sink and then returned to bed. 

I laid down next to Gordie who was falling asleep. Gordie rolled over and pulled me to him and spooned up behind me. His soft, hairy, naked body rubbed against me and it felt wonderful. I heard Gordie start to snore and it wasn't long before I fell asleep. 
