 Ch. 2: College Boy

I had a hard time adjusting to college. My roommate had other friends and I didn't click with anyone in the dorm or in my classes. It was about three weeks in when I broke down. I called Gordie on his cell phone and I broke down and cried. I told him how much I missed home, my parents... and him. I told him how awful it was, how I didn't know anyone, how I didn't like my business classes. He listened to me and let me cry and comforted me and told me to hang in there. "Next time I see you, I'll give ya a big hug," he had said. After hanging up the phone, I did feel better.

I pulled out a small box I had hidden away in my desk and opened it. I had several pictures of Gordie and a few of Gordie and me together. My favorite was one that was taken by my friend on yearbook at the homecoming bonfire. I also had the homecoming flier that had the football team picture on it with his name listed below, as well as a few small mementos from things we had done together. I looked through the pictures and then closed the box and hid it in the back of my desk drawer.

A month later on a Saturday night, I went downstairs to the rec room. There were some guys playing pool, but no one was watching the TV. I turned it to a 'Battlestar Galactica' marathon. Yeah, it was really nerdy, but at this point I didn't care anymore what people thought of me.

I was so into the show, I barely noticed when another guy joined me on the couch. During a commercial break, he spoke up. "This episode is awesome, isn't it?"

"Yeah," I said and looked over at him.

He was an attractive guy, tall and skinny. Dark brown hair and brown eyes. He was dressed in a black t-shirt and worn jeans. His forearms were furry with dark brown hair.

"I'm Ben, by the way."

"I'm Clark."

And that's how I met Ben. He was a nice guy. We hit it off right away. We liked the same TV shows and movies. One night after eating pizza in his dorm room, we came out to each other. His high school boyfriend was going to Michigan State and they were dating long distance. He showed me a picture of the two of them. Ben's boyfriend was a tall and muscular black guy. I told Ben that he was very handsome and they made an attractive couple.

I told him about Gordie and what happened between us and he sympathized with me. I later showed him a picture of Gord, where he was sitting on the back of his pickup truck. He was wearing jeans and cowboy boots as usual and he was smoking a cigarette. Ben made a joke that now that he knew what I liked, he was going to find me another 'redneck bear' for a boyfriend.

Things weren't so bad after that. I found it very liberating that I could be myself around Ben and we could talk about anything, even boys. I relied on Ben's friendship to get me through the school year and we made plans to be roommates our second year.

Over the summer, Dad made me work for him again. Dad owned an ag supply company. We sold and serviced tractors and small farm equipment, but it was also hardware and parts retail store. Dad had me work the register in the store.

I did get a chance to spend a weekend with Ben in Grand Rapids and I met his boyfriend, Ty. He was a really nice guy and they did make a great couple. Ty was attentive and affectionate towards Ben. He always had his arm around Ben and Ben's smile and eyes lit up the room when Ty was around. I admit that I was more than a little bit envious of what they had together.

I only saw Gordie twice over the summer. He was really busy working for his dad's landscape company and he was doing this football camp thing with kids. On both occasions we met for dinner. We were friendly and made small talk and caught up. We told stories about school and classes. He had made new friends on the football team and I told him about Ben.

I noticed that he kept his distance from me, both physically and emotionally. I was still very much in love with him and I was still very much attracted to him. All he had to do was ask. I would have done anything he wanted. I'm sure he realized this and that was why he was holding back. I guess he did not feel the same way about me. I guess that was what finally allowed me to move on.

***

My second year of college started out great. I was rooming with Ben and we both got along very well. My classes were better this year, though I wasn't crazy about accounting.

I went to a Halloween party with Ben and he introduced me to a guy he knew, Donnie. Donnie was a big guy, just like I liked. He had a shaved head and his beard was a couple of days outgrown. He was kind of goofy looking and not very attractive, but the fact that he was wearing a fireman's costume and I was on my second cup of beer allowed me to overlook that.

After both of us had another beer, we were back in my dorm room and on my bed. Donnie pulled me to him and kissed me hard. His kisses were wet and sloppy. It wasn't long before he unzipped his pants and pulled his hard dick out. He pushed the back of my head down to his crotch. He had a very respectable circumcised dick. It wasn't as big and nice as Gordie's, but I wasn't complaining. It seemed like I had just taken him into my mouth and started sucking and bobbing when he grabbed my head and came in my mouth. It was over in less than two minutes.

He didn't seem interested in reciprocating and he zipped up his pants and stood up. He thanked me and said it was great and asked for my phone number. I gave him my cell number. I figured I'd give him another shot when he wasn't drunk. Maybe it would be better then. It didn't matter. He never called me back.

***

After working another summer with Dad, I returned to school for my junior year. Ben and I moved into one of the nicer dorms on campus. The rooms were slightly bigger here and we were closer to our classes.

I met Bart Bronson the first week in my business management class, which was my last class of the day on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. The prof divided us into groups for projects and discussions. Bart chose himself as the team leader of our group of five. We went around the group and introduced ourselves. Bart said he was a junior, and one of the girls in the group asked how old he was and he said he was 28. He joined the Army when he graduated high school and was in for eight years and even served multiple tours in Iraq. We were all impressed and he took charge of the group right away.

Bart was tall with a muscular build. He had a ruggedly handsome face. He had dark brown hair cut in a high and tight military style. He had a full, but neatly trimmed goatee and moustache, and also a couple days growth on the rest of his beard. He had a gruff demeanor and his voice was deep and gravelly. He had on a black short sleeved button-down shirt over a white v-neck t-shirt, tight blue jeans and black boots. The v-neck of his t-shirt exposed a chest covered in thick dark brown hair. I quickly looked away when he caught me checking him out.

While both of the girls in our group openly flirted with him, he all but ignored them. I caught him staring at me with a smug smirk on more than one occasion. My leg fidgeted nervously. He obviously figured out I was gay and I was sure he was going to make my life hell.

After class, we went to the library because he wanted to go over how we were going to split up the first project. He divided the work pretty evenly and fairly.

"Clark will help me compile everything into one submission," Bart said. "Okay, that's it. See you all on Wednesday."

We all packed up our notebooks and got up to leave.

"Clark, I need you to stay behind," he said. Everyone else got up and left as I stood waiting for Bart. My heart was pounding and my mouth was dry.

"Let's go," he said. I followed him out of the library and we quietly walked to a parking lot to a black GMC Yukon SUV.

"Get in" was his command.

We drove to a pub off campus and I followed him in and we sat in a booth and he ordered two beers. I was surprised that the waitress didn't ask for my ID. He slid one of the glasses to me and took a big drink. I nervously sipped mine as he watched me.

"I make you nervous, boy?" he asked.

I nodded.

"I'm not gonna do anything you don't want me to do. Relax. Drink your beer."

After we drank our beers, we walked back out to the car. He opened the passenger door for me. Before I could climb in, he moved in close. He rested his left hand on the top of the car and his right on top the door. He leaned in closer.

"You got two choices, boy. I can take you back to your dorm, or I can take you to my apartment."

My knees weakened and my pulse quickened. I couldn't believe this big hunky stud wanted me.

"I... I don't want to go back to the dorm yet," I whispered.

"You understand what that means? No backing out. And make no mistake, I will be fucking your ass tonight. And I won't be gentle."

I swallowed and nodded and got into the SUV.

"Good boy," he said.

We drove to Bart's apartment. It was a nice two bedroom apartment not far from campus. I was surprised at now sophisticated it was decorated. It was uncluttered and masculine and clean. I followed him into the kitchen and he threw a couple of steaks on the broiler. He had me toss a pre-bagged salad into a bowl and steam some vegetables in the microwave. He opened a bottle of red wine and poured us both a glass. We sat down and ate at his dining room table. While we ate, we talked about family. He had an older sister, but both of his parents were dead. I wondered if that was how he was able to afford his nice truck and apartment, but I didn't ask. We talked a little bit about his time in the Army, but I could tell he became uncomfortable when Iraq came up, so we changed the subject. As we ate dinner and talked, I became less nervous and more relaxed.

After we finished eating, I thanked him for dinner and he smiled and asked me to put the dishes into the dishwasher. I rinsed the plates and put everything into the dishwasher. I used the bathroom and then joined him in the living room.

He was sitting on the couch listening to the stereo, which was quietly playing soft jazz. He patted the space next to him and I sat down with him. He put his arm around me. He pulled my glasses off and set them down on the coffee table.

"You're much cuter without these glasses," he noted. "You should think about getting contacts."

Bart put his hand on the back of my head and leaned in and kissed me hard. I opened my mouth to him and accepted his tongue. Bart was a great kisser, almost as good as Gordie. He pinched my nipple hard and I grunted in pain. He broke the kiss and said, "I'll give you one last chance to back out, boy."

"I want to stay," I whispered.

He stood and pulled me up off the sofa by the hand and led me to his bedroom. He practically tore my clothes off. He used his finger to pull my 4.5" dick away from my stomach. When he let go, it snapped back up and he chuckled. "Good thing I'm not a size queen."

I blushed beet red in humiliation. Bart pushed me back onto the bed and slowly stripped his clothes off. He was huge everywhere. His arms and legs, his chest. His hard chest and stomach were covered in thick hair. He had a large tattoo depicting an eagle with an American flag covering his right upper arm. His nearly 6" erect cock stood up at a 45-degree angle and curved upwards and was an average thickness. He was uncircumcised and his foreskin was retracted behind a big mushroom head. I thought it would have been bigger, but it was nice.

"Come here, boy," he growled. "On your knees, cocksucker."

My face burned at his language, but I obeyed. I got on my knees in front of him and I looked up to his face. He grabbed a hold of his cock and smacked my face with it.

"Suck it, boy."

I grabbed the base of his cock. Bart slapped my hand away.

"I said suck, bitch! If I wanted a hand job, I'd have asked for one."

I put my hands on his thighs and leaned forward and took him into my mouth. I started sucking and bobbing up and down on his cock.

"Yeah, take that cock, boy," he grunted. "Take it into your throat."

Bart grabbed the sides of my head and pushed deeper into my mouth. I choked and gagged and he backed off. He thrust back into my mouth until my nose was buried in his bush. He held my head and fucked my mouth. I closed my eyes and let him use me.

"Get it good and wet, 'cause I'm gonna fuck your hot little ass."

Bart pulled me up and directed me onto the bed onto my hands and knees. He had lube and condoms on the nightstand. He rolled on a condom and squirted lube on it and used his hand to slick it up and down. He poured lube into my ass crack and knelt behind me and lined up the head of his dick against my hole.

"Bart, it's been a long time. Go slow."

"Shut the fuck up, cunt," he said as he smacked my ass hard. "I'm gonna make you my bitch."

Bart thrust hard into me all the way to the hilt. I cried out in pain. I cramped up at the intense burning and pain.

"Bart, it hurts so bad," I cried. "Please stop, please."

"Stop with that fucking crying and take it like a man!"

Bart slapped my ass again. He held still inside my ass until my crying turned to whimpers. He grabbed my hips and started moving in and out of me, quickly building up speed and intensity.

"Take my cock! Whose bitch are you? Who does this hole belong to?"

"You, Bart," I grunted. "It's... yours..."

He grunted and groaned and used me for his pleasure.

"I'm gonna come, boy! Here it comes! Yeah, you little fucker! Take my come!"

Bart howled and thrust into me hard and blasted his load into the condom. I whimpered in pain as he pulled out of me. I collapsed onto the bed and rolled over onto my stomach. Bart emptied the condom onto my semi-erect cock.

"Get yourself off," he commanded.

I reached down began stroking my dick, using Bart's come as lube. I came hard after a couple of minutes. Bart pulled me out of the bed and I followed him to the bathroom. He turned on the shower and I stepped in. He pulled a condom out of the vanity drawer and ripped the package open, then stepped in the shower with me. We soaped each other up and rinsed off. His cock stiffened as I washed him.

He rolled the condom on and pushed me against the back wall. He reached down to my ass and lifted me up. He bent slightly and pushed into me. He held me pinned against the wall and fucked me slow and steady while he sucked on my neck. In this position, I got more stimulation against my dick and prostate and before too long, I pushed my hand between us and grabbed myself and immediately cried out and came. He fucked me harder and then finally shot into the condom.

Bart took me to his bed and he laid on his back and pulled me to him. I laid down with my head on his chest. He softly kissed me and rubbed my back and shoulders tenderly and gently. I gently rubbed the hair on his chest and stomach. I know I shouldn't compare him to Gordie, but I couldn't help it. Bart's chest and stomach were hard with muscle. It looked good, but wasn't nearly as nice to cuddle with as Gordie's softer body.

"You're a good boy, Clark," Bart whispered. "You're my boy now."

Bart's hand moved down to my butt and he ran his finger across my slick hole. "This belongs to me."

We laid together for a while until I started to fall asleep.

"Roll over," he grunted as he pushed me off him. He turned over onto his side with his back away from me. I turned my back to him and curled up into a ball and wondered why he didn't want to cuddle with me as I fell asleep.

***

Bart and I began officially dating after that night. When I walked into class on Wednesday with Bart I could tell the others in our group were staring at me. I'm sure they saw the hickeys on my neck, plus the way Bart practically guarded over me, it was pretty obvious what was happening between us.

I discovered quickly that Bart was a very jealous and controlling person. If I even talked to another guy, he would get pissed. He'd yell at me, saying that I was disrespectful, or he'd call me a slut. Sometimes he'd take it out on my ass by smacking it while being extra rough in bed.

Ben was happy that I found someone at first, but after a few weeks, he started to experience the brunt of Bart's jealous ranting.

By winter break, Ben was begging me to dump Bart. He said Bart was mean and controlling and treated me badly. Ben and Bart got into a fight right before the break. Ben had enough of Bart's attitude and Bart thought that Ben was trying to steal me away from him. After a bunch of yelling and pushing, Bart decked Ben and knocked him to the floor. I had to physically pull Bart away from Ben.

After that, things weren't the same between Ben and I. He was upset with me because I didn't break up with Bart, especially after Bart punched him. He said I would regret choosing Bart over him one day. After winter break, I spent a lot more time with Bart and less and less time with Ben.

On Christmas Eve, I was having a quiet dinner with my parents. Mom and Dad asked about school, about my classes and friends. I took a deep breath and told them I had met someone and that we'd been dating for a couple of months. "His name is Bart," I said before adding in a whisper, "I'm gay." I hung my head down and waited for the crying or yelling to start.

"We know, honey," Mom said quietly.

"It's okay, son," Dad said.

"It is?" I said. My eyes filled with tears.

"We've known a long time," Mom said. "But when we saw you and Gordon asleep in your bed... naked... well, I guess we knew for sure."

Mom and Dad both smiled and laughed a little bit.

"Oh, my god," I groaned and blushed red with embarrassment.

"He was spooned up behind you and holding you like you were precious to him. It was actually very sweet."

I winced.

Dad cleared his throat. "When you two... split up... You were so hurt, Clark, I wanted to tell you then that I knew, but I don't think you were ready to tell us. It broke my heart to see you crying so hard."

"You held me."

"Of course. You're still my little boy, and you were hurting."

Dad's eyes turned glassy as he remembered that night.

A tear slipped down my cheek. "I loved Gordie so much. It hurt when he didn't want me anymore."

"You still love him." Mom stated more than asked.

I nodded and cleared my throat and wiped away the tears.

"So, tell us about this Bart," Dad said.

***

In March, Bart asked me to move in with him when winter semester ended in April. I agreed and decided to take a class in spring session.

We spent a few days at my parents' home in between the winter and spring semesters. When they got me alone, they told me that Bart wasn't right for me, he was too old for me. Dad didn't like his attitude. They were adamant about me not moving in with him. 

By the second day, the tension was unbearable. Bart and I were in the living room sitting on the couch watching a Tigers baseball game with Dad.

Bart stroked the back of my neck. "Get me another beer."

I stood up and Bart patted my ass. Dad bristled and tensed up.

"He's not your slave," Dad growled to Bart. "Get it yourself."

"Clark is more than happy service me. And I mean that in every sense of the word. Isn't that right, boy?"

My mouth fell open in shock. Dad stood up. His face turned beet red and he balled his hands into fists.

"Get the fuck out of my house," Dad growled.

"Clark," Bart said as he calmly stood. "Get the bags. We're leaving."

"Clark, you're not going anywhere," Dad said.

"It's your choice, Clark," Bart said. "You won't get a second chance this time."

Bart walked and headed upstairs.

"I'm sorry, Dad," I said, standing to follow Bart.

"Clark, you're making a mistake, son. You walk out of this house with that man, you'll regret it."

"I love him, Dad."
