 I had been the worst asshole to George in senior high school. Knowing he was gay, I would taunt him in the locker room by sticking my ass toward him and saying, "I'll bet you'd love to be in here!" I would spread it for him, showing him my tight, hairy hole. I knew he liked me. I knew he wanted me. That's what made it so fun to tease him. 

When I was at the urinal and I saw him enter the bathroom, I sometimes didn't hesitate to move farther back at the urinal to "accidentally" expose my penis. Once I "accidentally" dropped a fake business card I'd made. It read "Jay's Blowjob Service. No cock too big. Free swallowing, anuses extra. Call 555-4444."

I loved to tell him what I was doing with my girlfriend. "I put my nose right up her pussy and sniffed! Mmm! It was great! I love having my face in pussy! Nothing beats pussy!"

I had the perfect body, and George and I both knew it. It was muscular, not too thin, and I had a face the women loved. Lying in bed at night, I loved to think about what George must have been fantasizing about. Was he thinking about taking my cock into his mouth? Did he dream of lying on top of me? And was there romance in his thoughts? Or did he just want to fuck me in my luscious ass?

At times I wondered what it would be like to have sex with him. Or with any man. When someone of the same sex you know shows an interest in you, you are flattered. And you wonder about it. I joked to myself that he'd probably be better in bed than my girlfriends were.

One day, as we walked home from school, George said to me, "Jay, I predict you're not going to be married, ever."

"What makes you say that?"

"I can read it in your face. You'll chicken out."

"And do what?"

"And be alone and unhappy. You're a hostile person. You are."

"Hostile, my ass."

"You will, Jay. You'll be alone."

I told him that I was so sure I'd be happily married to a hot woman that if I wasn't in that very state by my tenth reunion, I would let him have sex with me.

"Deal," he said with evil in his eyes. And from that moment on, he always smiled when we passed in the halls.

*

When my tenth high school reunion came about, I went. I wanted to see who was successful, who had failed, and who was fat and bald. George would probably be with some lover of his. I had not found a relationship as of yet, spending my time home alone when I wasn't at my boring office job. In fact, I had not been in a relationship for five years. 

I danced with Roseanne, the shy girl who, I found out soon after graduation, had been meaning to ask me to the prom. Oh, why hadn't she? There could have been wedding bells soon after, followed by steady sex and an end to my solitary masturbation.

Roseanne and I talked. She was still single. She had become more attractive since high school, she had a nice job, and she just seemed like a nice person.

Midway through the night, George walked in. He was well groomed, in good shape, and alone. He approached me and greeted me. Then came the questions. "So where's the beautiful wife? Is that your Rolls outside? Are you happy? How come you're not your own boss yet?" 

My umms, uhs, wells and you sees did not satisfy him. "What a disappointment, Jay. You're not what I thought you'd have become."

I was depressed. After the night had ended, he asked me back to his hotel for a drink. He sat very close to me on the sofa; I didn't mind. I didn't mind at all. Why mind? After another drink, I would be leaving.

"Ever wonder why you're still single, Jay? Ever wonder why you made fun of me in high school? And Jay, do you remember the bet we made?"

My head turned very slowly toward him. I gulped. I swallowed. 

"Uh, the funny joke we made in senior year?" I said meekly. "Of course. Yeah, that sure was funny. I'm straight, you know."

"You're a man of your word, Jay."

"Umm, indeed I am. Indeed I am." I began to cry inside. I was going to get fucked in the ass. I just knew it. Why did I come to this stupid reunion?

"Tease me the way you did in high school," he ordered.

"We're not in the locker room," I countered.

"We can take a shower right here."

"I'm not in the mood."

"Oh, so when it's safe, you can break my heart, but when I'm in charge of the situation, you just chicken out."

"Well, isn't that how it always works? Isn't that what teasing really is?"

"Have you thought about me?"

"I've wondered whether you ever opened that restaurant. Obviously you didn't."

"Jay, I know you want me. When you're on the outside looking in, these things are obvious. But I know you're scared. That's why I'm taking charge tonight. Have you kissed a guy yet?"

"Hell, no. I kiss girls."

George pushed me against the wall. I did not resist. I didn't know why. When my lips met those of a man for the first time in my life, I discovered it was not so bad. I melted into them. I felt his hands roam over my neck, my shoulders, my chest, my arms.


"Mmm, you feel really good--What's this?"

"What's what?"

He reached down and cupped my crotch. It was hard.

"Oh, those things have minds of their own. They do," I said. "I can be thinking about balance sheets, and I'll get a hard-on."

"You should listen to them, Jay. Sometimes they're on to something."

I found my hands joining George's as we kissed. I roamed the same areas he roamed. He pressed his crotch into mine. Soon the clothes began coming off. He wore cute black underwear. He yanked down my underwear, freeing the hardest cock I'd had in a few years. I was panting, my whole body tingled, and when George sank to his knees, my own knees began to give.

He kissed lightly up my thighs, over my nest of pubic hair, and back down the other thigh. He was teasing me.

"Gee, I'll bet you'd love to be in here," he said from below me, pointing to his open mouth.

"Suck it," I begged, shoving my rock-hard cock at him.

George put his tongue to the tip of my cock. He tickled the hole. Then he circled the bright red tip. Taking it into his mouth, he sucked delicately on the tip. I lost control and shoved myself all the way in. My cock glided all the way in. As I pulled out, he tightened his suction. I pushed in again, and then pulled out. Every time I pulled out, George sucked harder. After only a minute of this, my body tensed, my cock throbbed, and I shot my sperm into his mouth. My eyes were tightly closed, but I heard gulping sounds coming from below me. He was drinking my sperm.

I sank to the floor in a panting, sweating heap. As I did so, George's mouth was stuck to my cock. He had slid down with me. He milked the remaining drops of cum from my penis.

It was about ten minutes before I got up. When I did, I noticed that George was still hard.

"Oh, that was good. That was really good." I tensed myself psychologically for the cock that would soon enter my mouth. But George had other plans.

"Present your ass to me," he said. I turned around, got down on my hands and knees, and pushed my ass out at him. I felt his warm hands kiss my backside.

"Finally, I get to have your ass. I have waited so long. So long." Then I felt cool lips touch me where no one had touched me before. I felt them move all over my ass, then move toward the middle, where my flesh tickled as a wet tongue lapped up and down my crack.

"Oh, God," I moaned as his tongue melted my resistance.

He lapped at my ass for what seemed like forever, but I was in no hurry. It was an exquisite sensation, having a wet tongue tickle my asshole. I wanted to moan, I wanted to cry, and sometimes I wanted to laugh, it tickled so much. Finally, I just came all over the bed.

Then he stopped. I looked back to see George sitting on his knees holding his hard cock. He was oiling it with some kind of clear jelly.

"Lie down completely," he told me. "I want to fuck you like you've never been fucked before." I complied, seeing myself in the mirror on the wall. Instinctively, I reached back and spread my cheeks apart for him. I didn't even think about it; it just felt natural to do. I felt something warm and slippery being spread on my asshole. It tickled. Then I felt George's body press down on top of me. Something round and silky pressed against my hole. I pushed out with my ass. Slowly, his cock entered my behind. It hurt badly, but I wanted it in. I opened up more for him. Soon, it was all the way in, and the pain became exquisite.

What a strange sensation! I watched my expressions in the mirror as the innocence of my back hole left me and the sensations in my ass changed. As it filled up one moment, then closed tightly around his cock the next. Open and close, open and close. My own cock was rock hard, harder than it had been in months. I liked the feeling of being filled up. George held me tightly, almost obsessively, as he fucked me. I could feel the hair on his chest rubbing on my back. The hair on his crotch tickled my ass each time he drove into me.

When he came, I felt the warm fluid enter me. It felt good. We rested, with George on top of me and his cock still in my ass. We hugged tightly. I found that I liked the feeling of a man on top of me.

George got up and went to the bathroom. When he came back, we curled up together. I took his arm and wrapped it around me. Down below, his soft penis pressed against my butt cheeks. As we drifted off to sleep, I felt his warm cum drip slowly from my ass onto my leg.

* The next morning, I woke first. In the morning light, I studied his naked body. I studied it more closely than I'd ever studied anyone else's body. My ass ached a little, but it was a luscious, filling ache. I liked the feeling of having been "taken." Turning my body around, I faced his furry crotch. His penis hung limply. Taking a deep breath, and knowing that I'd always wanted to do this, I dug my face in as far as possible.

I lapped at the head of his penis like a cat. Lick lick lick. It was silky, it was smooth, it was soft, and it smelled of sex. As I lapped away, George stirred. Before I knew it, he was working his penis into my mouth. I was unprepared as it hit the back of my throat, gagging me and bringing tears to my eyes. Grabbing him with one hand, I guided him in. I didn't even think about it.

In only a few short minutes, my mouth was flooded with a sea of salty cream. I gagged at first, but I swallowed it all, gulping several times. It wasn't entirely new to me; being an addicted masturbator, I knew the taste of sperm.

George invited me to the shower. As he did, an idea occurred to me. I moved ahead of him, wiggling my ass and teasing, "I'll bet you'd love to be in here again." As he reached for me, I moved out of his way. "Ha ha, you can't have it this time. Maybe I'll save it for Roseanne." I bent over and displayed my perfectly formed round cheeks. I caressed them. "Look at these luscious flanks. Look at how round and fuckable they are. You can't have them!"

I let him catch me when we made it to the bathroom. George spanked me hard and said, "Do you know what I'm gonna do to you when we get wet?"

"No, but I'd sure like to find out!"

I couldn't believe I was doing this much, this fast, and for my first time.

In the shower, I knelt down and bathed his cock with my tongue, licking up the shaft and over it, pausing to suck on the bright red tip. I washed his whole body, feeling the mounds of muscle giving way under the soap. As I washed his front, our hard cocks pressed together. Turning George around, I washed his backside. I leaned into his ear and whispered, "Bend over and spread for me." He complied, and I took the soap and sailed it up and down his wet, furry crack. I was in heaven.

It was an hour before we got out. George made me turn around and "accidentally" drop the soap. After he fucked me good and hard, I offered to dry him off, then lingered in the bathroom.

When I came out of the shower, George was sitting in a chair, his legs drawn up and hanging over the arms. Was he teasing me? He sure knew how to hit my weak spot. He was sitting with the intimate parts of his ass completely exposed. His hole was pink and surrounded with coarse, dark hair. It excited me. Like a slave, I sat on the floor before him. We looked at each other. The morning light made his ass hair shine. I ran my finger through it. I parted his cute cheeks and saw the soft, pink flesh hidden there. It was radiant. I touched it. I reached out my tongue and licked it. His asshole was silky, like his penis. I liked the little ridges around his hole; I liked how the hair tickled my mouth as I licked. As I licked, he began to moan quietly.

I had him in spasms of pleasure for half an hour as I lapped up and down his ass, around his balls, and through the wads of hair. When he came, it was on my face.

"Come here," George beckoned. I joined him in the chair, settling in his arms and licking his cum off my face. He hugged me.

"Well, maybe I was wrong in high school," he said.

"About what?"

"Maybe you won't always be alone, Jay." And he kissed me.