 I was sitting on the front porch, mindlessly rocking in the old rocker, thinking about what happened between us in the shower earlier in the day. I remembered how it felt to have Grady's body pressed against mine. I remembered the way his lips felt against mine both times he kissed me, once with crushing urgency, and again with gentle seduction. It was the only experience I had ever had that came anywhere close to sex.

The warm quiet day was becoming louder as someone raced across the potholed blacktop that paved our road. It was Grady, I realized, as he pulled into the driveway on a dirt bike, its engine roaring with life. The disturbance was such a sharp contrast from what we were used to that Grandma came out of the house to see what all the commotion was. 

He was shirtless, wearing nothing but an old pair of jeans and some ratty sneakers. His face hidden by the helmet he was wearing. Judging the way his muscles seemed a little more pumped than usual, I surmised he had just finished with a workout.

He killed the motor and removed the helmet as I walked down from the porch to meet him.

"I thought I'd return this," he said, pulling my sketchbook from beneath him and handing it to me, looking a little embarrassed.

"You know, you could have kept it," I told him, looking at the book in my hands.

"Really? Well in that case, thank you" he said, snatching the book from me, offering me one of his big, crooked smiles. I smiled back, watching him stuff the book back under his ass, that beautifully sculpted, muscular ass.

"Wanna go for a ride?"

"Um, is it safe?" I had never been on a motorbike before, and the presence of the helmet, but lack of a shirt was giving me some mixed messages.

"I won't let anything happen to you," he said, in a reassuring voice, "I promise."

I looked back at Grandma, who had commandeered the old rocker. She waved us away.

"Okay, then. So where do I get on?"

Grady scooted up on his seat a bit, which tucked his jeans tighter around his crotch, and patted the seat behind him and handed me his helmet. I swung my leg over the bike. He stood and kicked the engine to a roar, vibrating the seat against my ass and balls. He sat back down and I wiggled in close. Grady reached back and pulled my arms around his waist.

"Hold on," he called back at me. The bike lurched, nearly throwing me off the bike, and I pulled myself up against his strong back, holding on for dear life. "That's better."

With another jerk, we were moving out of the dirt driveway and down the street. It didn't escape my notice that he wasn't driving nearly as fast as when he arrived at the house. I assumed it was because he now had a passenger, but I allowed myself to consider maybe it was because of who his passenger was. 

We traveled down our road, heading toward the highway, then took a left on the only street that connects to ours, and followed it until it dead ended at the woods. The vibration from the motor was doing a number on my ass and balls, and sitting so close to Grady, my arms wrapped tightly around his waist, I quickly came to full erection, my cock pushing into the small of his back. He took one of his hands off the handles to lower my hands down to his crotch, to show me that he was also sprouting wood. 

I was expecting him to stop, or turn around, but he just kept on into the woods. Following a little dirt trail that led deep into the thicket, we came to a pond I hadn't known existed. He slowed and came to a stop in the shadow of the tall pines near the pond's edge. 

I got off the bike, my loins still vibrating, my cock hard as a rock and tenting the shorts I was wearing. I watched him dismount, his crotch was bulging. Grady did a little dance, shaking a leg as he tried to readjust his own erection. 

"You know, if you wanted to go skinny dipping, we could have just gone back to Little Big Pond," I commented with a nervous laugh.

"Little Big Pond?" he asked, sounding confused. It didn't take me long to realize why.

"That's what we call the pond behind my grandmother's house" I explained, "It's pretty big for a pond, but not big enough for a lake. We even have a fishing cabin out there that we call the Lake House. It's mostly used for storing tackle and stuff like that, but there's also a bunk bed set that Wade and I used to 'camp out' in, on my Summer visits when we were kids." Yes, I used air quotes.

"Bunk beds, huh?" Grady asked with a smile, "Are you trying to suggest something, Mr. Meade?" he continued, speaking in a refined Georgian accent, imitating a southern gentleman.

"Not at all, Mr. Thompson," I responded, without the Georgian accent.

"That's too bad," he said, closing the distance between us to pull me into his arms. His lips met mine, brushing gently against them before slipping his tongue into my mouth. The kiss was brief, but effective. "I'd very much like it if you showed me this secret hideaway someday,"

"What are you doing?" I asked, extracting myself from his arms.

"What do you mean?" he answered, taking on an overly effected air of innocence.

"You kissed me in the showers today." He smiled to himself, not taking his eyes off me. "I just need to know what you want."

"I want to be your friend." he told me. "I'm straight, but I am curious and you're the only gay guy I know about, except for Tyler, who has a boyfriend by the way. Besides, you have a cute little ass and you're easy on the eyes. The guys all agree." He explained.

"Tyler has a boyfriend?" I was incredulous. "Who?"

"Mark Jacobs. Apparently, they have an arrangement that Tyler can suck all the dicks he wants, but only Mark gets to fuck him." He gave me a sideways glance. "Look, I sincerely want to be your friend, and if something more comes of it, then I'm okay with that too.

"Look, I know I'm probably sending you some pretty mixed signals, but that's just cause I'm a bit mixed up right now myself. I'm straight. Or at least I think I'm straight. I'm curious as fuck right now." He paused, staring out at the water for a long time before he continued. "It's just that, well, I kissed you in the shower, when we were both naked, to see how I would respond to you. I needed to make sure I wasn't fooling myself because I needed to see if I could respond to you sexually. You know, to another dude.

"And?"

And I walked out of that shower harder than any girl has ever made me. Hell, I had to rub one out in a toilet stall or I'd probably still have it. You drive me nuts. How would you feel about going on a date with me?"

I'm glad you feel like you could trust me with that. I know the courage it takes to come out to someone. My own folks kicked me out when I told them. That's how I ended up living with my grandmother."

"Oh, I'm not coming out," he said with conviction, "I'm straight, and I'll always consider myself straight, but I'm open minded and I think it could also be cool to have a gay friend to, like... um... have some fun with?" It was a question. He was making a proposition.

"You want to have sex?" I asked, surprised, and quite certain I heard my voice squeak.

"Well, I thought we could do some... exploration together. I mean, I'd rather fool around with someone I like than just sucking off some drunk redneck or get blown by the likes of Tyler Warren. No offense."

"None taken," I replied, well aware that sometimes the truth hurts. I thought of Tyler blowing those guys, being passed around like something to be used, and then disposed of. 

"It could be a mutually beneficial arrangement."

"You're suggesting a "friends with benefits" situation?"

"Yeah, I guess, only I prefer to think of it as a gentlemen's agreement. I know you have a thing for Tyler, and I get that you're probably going to think of him every time we fool around, but since he's not currently using your thing, maybe I could play with it. Just until you find the balls to make a move on him. Hell, if you start getting some, it might boost your confidence in that department." He considered me a moment. "Have you ever even had sex?"

"No," I begrudgingly admitted, "Not unless you count masturbation."

"Nobody counts masturbation. And neither have I. At least not with a guy. I'm horny as fuck, aren't you?" I nodded absent mindedly, "See? This could be great for both of us. I get to explore my wild side and you get laid. We deserve to have sex, and there aren't a whole lot of options, unless you're a cock whore, like Tyler."

"Don't call him that," I warned. Grady looked like he was about to say something, but I cut him off. "I know that he is one, just don't call him that."

"Sure." Grady replied, his voice thick with apology, "Whatever you want." 

The thought of finally having sex was appealing, to say the least. Yes, I would prefer to be having sex with Tyler, but Grady was no slouch in the looks department, and I did enjoy his company. Besides, I was still pretty confused on how I felt about Tyler, after learning he probably wasn't as discerning about who he had sex with as I thought he was. To tell the truth, I had imagined he was a virgin, like me. No point anymore in my remaining a virgin, much less saving myself for Tyler.

"No strings attached?"

"No strings, just two guys exploring their sexuality."

"Well, I would like to know what a blow job feels like."

"Okay, no problem, but do you know how to give a blow job?"

"No, not really."

"Alright, neither do I, so let's start there."

Unfastening his jeans, he quickly unleashed the monster in his pants. I grabbed it firmly, giving it a few gentle tugs, enjoying the feeling of another guy's dick in my hand. 

I moved quickly to fall to my knees to worship his beautiful flesh. I reached out to hold his heavy thickness in my hand, giving the thick, veiny shaft a couple of tugs as it began to grow in my hand.

Grady started laughing at my eagerness, his cock growing bigger. His semi-hard flesh stick slipped between my lips with ease, still soft enough to mold against my tongue. My horniness was taking over me like a demon possession as I stuffed my mouth with him. He continued to grow the harder he got. I began to worry I wouldn't be able to accommodate his size once he was fully erect.

Taking me by the back of the head, he held my mouth firmly in place as he began shoving himself deep into my throat, gagging me in the process. He pulled out quickly.

"You need to relax your throat and try not to breath when it's down your throat." He explained patiently, the tip of his cock still in my mouth, "Take in and release your breath a little at a time. Got it?" I nodded up at him. "Good. Ready to try again?" I nodded and he shoved his big cock back down my throat. It didn't take long to realize I was never going to be able to take his entire length. Not that he was complaining.

Pulling out, I took in breath, slamming in I held it. 

For a few minutes he fucked my face with slow deep strokes. Then, with what sounded like a whimper, he unloaded his load into my mouth and throat. He came so much I couldn't swallow it fast enough and choked. Grady tried to pull his cock free, but I grabbed him by the ass and held him in place, swallowing his cum as fast as I could. When I was finished, I stood and faced him, smiling. He smiled back and wiped up the cum I spilled from my chin with his thumb, directing it back into my mouth.

"You're a virgin, right?" he asked as I pulled down my shorts expectantly, my cock standing at attention. I nodded. "Good," he whispered, sinking to his knees, "You'll have nothing to compare this to."

Grady squatted in front of me, took my dick in hand and examined it closely, stroking it, running his fingers through my pubic bush, rolling my balls around in their sack. After what seemed an unusually long, but timeless moment, he moved his head forward, extending his tongue to lick my piss slot, pulling a long string of precum from it. Seeming to approve of my taste, he took the head of my cock into his mouth, rolling his tongue around it, sending bolts of hard pleasure into me. I moaned, and my moaning encouraged him to go further, swallowing my throbbing meat a little at a time, savoring the feeling of having a cock in his mouth as much as I swooned with the new sensation of being in a guy's mouth.

With wet, sloppy strokes, Grady slurped up and down about two thirds of my saliva soaked prick, occasionally slipping his lips over its head as he pulled away to catch his breath and admire my manhood before falling face first back into his work. His hands explored the whole of my public region. The total, unrelenting attention my sex organ was receiving was unbearable, my orgasm mounting. Moving his hands around me, he grabbed me by the ass, digging his fingers into the flesh and pulled me into him.

I reached out and combed my fingers through his hair, grabbing his head firmly, then pulled him into me, driving my cock head deep into his throat. Immediately I released him and he pulled off me. Looking up to me, he smiled and I lost myself in the clarity of his tear filled eyes. Quickly he took me back into his mouth and I took his head into my hands, pumping my cock hard into his mouth. It only took a few strokes and I knew I was going to blow.

"I'm going to cum," I warned him, in case the straight boy in him would balk at eating another guy's cum. His only response was to pull me deep again. I gave in to him, surrendering my orgasm to his hungry mouth. My body shook in tremors of unbridled pleasure as my cock kept unloading its virgin nut into him. He sucked me clean of my juices before he stood.

"How was it?" he asked, earnestly asking my approval.

"It was mind blowing!" I told him, excitedly, "I had no idea. No wonder guys love blow jobs."

He stood, then kissed me. The taste of my cum lingered in his mouth.

"Great job!" he exclaimed, smiling, and high-fiving me. A gesture that made it clear that nothing had changed between us.

We spent a little more time by the pond, skipping stones across the smooth green surface, nailing down the specifics of our arrangement. There would be no public displays of affection, but when we were alone- and sure we were alone- then nothing was off the table. We agreed to make the Lake House our private hideaway, since it was rarely used, and I would know in advance if it was scheduled for use. The whole thing was very cloak and dagger.

Since the following day was a Saturday, we agreed to meet again in the afternoon to do some fishing, and give the Lake House a good look over. 

After another vibrating ride home, my dick was once more hard as rock. I slyly slipped my hard-on up into the waist band of my shorts to prevent tenting, which caused Grady to laugh. I entered the house and headed for the stairs. My grandmother called to me, informing me that dinner was ready. I told her I had to go to the bathroom and would be down shortly.

As soon as I was in my room, I went to the nightstand and pulled a bottle of motion lotion from the drawer. It took very little manipulation to bring me to climax again, remembering the sensation of my first blow job, with the taste of Grady's semen still in my mouth.