 Gilbert called my parents and asked if I could come over to help him. He was an elderly retired gentlemen whom my parents had befriended at my church. Since I was desperately in need of spending money and Gilbert was so generous with my older brother, I consented. Spending time with elderly men was not something that appealed to me, but I convinced myself that I could do a good deed and be well paid, too.

Much to my chagrin, the air conditioning unit in Gilbert's tiny apartment was malfunctioning. The old man seemed completely embarrassed that cool air was not coming out of the vents.

"I've been complaining all day," said Gilbert, "But it seems I'm not the only one complaining."

The wispy hairs on his head did not hide his pained expression. In the back of my mind, I started to wonder if Gilbert was expecting my older brother instead. Sure, Gilbert would put his hands on his knees whenever he got a chance, but it was his older brother who bragged about the money he would receive from Gilbert. I felt a twinge of envy. Unfortunately, Gilbert picked up on my feelings.

"Do you want to come back another time?" said Gilbert, "I can pay you today so you can come back whenever they get the air conditioning fixed."

The old man had a wad bills in his hand. His other hand held the straps of his bathrobe. To my surprise, Gilbert did not appear to be a wilting flower of an old man. In fact, I could see some muscle definition underneath the bathrobe. Gilbert immediately noticed that I was checking out his bathrobe.

"Sorry," said Gilbert, "I'm not dressed."

"It's really hot in here," I said, "I see why you're not dressed."

"Does that bother you?" asked Gilbert.

Sure, it was creepy that an old man was standing in front of me with a bathrobe, but I did not want to offend the old man. I guess I was too focused on the wad of cash in his hand. With much bravado, I shrugged my shoulders. I reached behind me and shut the door and locked it.

"No," I said, "But your neighbors might not like it."

Gilbert laughed.

"You're such a good sport," said Gilbert.

The old man patted me on the shoulder.

"Your brother always had a problem with me in my bathrobe," said Gilbert.

"Really?" I asked.

Without asking, Gilbert shoved the cash into my hands and walked off.

"What else can you tell me about my brother?" I asked.

The old man turned around. With a twinkle in his eyes, Gilbert pointed to the refrigerator.

"Your brother had a problem with me drinking," said Gilbert, "You can help yourself to a beer or two. In fact, grab me one, too."

"You don't have to tell me twice," I said.

Even though alarm bells were ringing in my head, I was happy to drink someone else's beer. Before long, Gilbert and I were sharing some cold refreshing adult beverages. The old man just wanted someone to dust off around the house. After a beer or two, I was happy to oblige.

"Look," said Gilbert, "There's no point in you getting sweat all over your clothes."

"It's okay," I said.

"If it makes you feel any better," said Gilbert, "There's another bathrobe. It's behind the bathroom door."

By this time, there was a warm feeling in my stomach and buzz in my head. I was determined to earn the money that I had stashed into my jeans pocket.

"I don't need a bathrobe," I said.

Gilbert seemed puzzled.

"Besides," he said, "There's no one here but us."

"What you saying?" I asked, "I trust you won't tell anyone."

Gilbert nodded.

"I won't tell a soul," said Gilbert, "I know you have to protect your reputation with the guys."

I sighed.

"Relax," I said, "Most of the guys don't want anything to do with a loser like me anyway."

"Do you think you're a loser?" asked Gilbert.

I shrugged.

"Everyone thinks I'm a virgin anyway," I said.

Gilbert nodded his head.

"I see," said Gilbert, "I would not pay much attention to that."

"What does that mean?" I asked.

"Most guys lie about their sexual conquests," said Gilbert, "Most of them would not know what to do with a woman if they were naked in front of them."

I laughed. Gilbert looked at me curiously.

"It's true," said Gilbert, "Don't believe a damned word they say."

"I believe you," I said.

"They would not know how to please a woman anyway," said Gilbert.

After we finished our beer, Gilbert pointed to the bathroom.

"You're welcome to use the bathrobe if you like," said Gilbert.

"I don't know about that," I said.

"Your brother would walk around here in just his underwear," said Gilbert, "It didn't bother me."

At that, Gilbert got up. He got up and started to walk to the kitchen.

"I didn't wear any underwear," I said sheepishly.

Gilbert shrugged his shoulders.

"If it makes you feel better," said Gilbert, "Neither did I."

Before I could follow him, Gilbert turned around and looked at me with a suspicious eye.

"You seem a lot more trustworthy than your brother," said Gilbert.

"Why do you say that?" I asked.

There was look of fear in his eyes. Finally, Gilbert turned away.

"Your brother was very kinky," said Gilbert, "He made me nervous."

Before I could ask, Gilbert had disappeared into the tiny galley kitchen. I scratched my head. How did he know that was brother was kinky? What in the world was my brother doing that made the old man so suspicious? I knew my older brother was super-competitive and very bossy, but I knew nothing beyond that.

In the end, I put that out of my head. With the alcohol buzzing in my head, I tossed all inhibitions aside and left my clothes in the bathroom. True, I thought it was creepy, but if my brother could do it, there was no reason on earth why I could not do it, too.

In the next half hour, Gilbert was cleaning up in the kitchen and I could hear him banging some pots and pans. Eventually, Gilbert called to me.

"Can you give me a hand?" asked Gilbert.

I found Gilbert looking up at the cabinets above. He was trying to get something down from the cabinet, but he was too short. Naturally, I volunteered to get it for him. In my tipsy state, I was not able to jump up high enough. Usually, I would not stand this close to another man, especially if they were naked. Gilbert had tossed of the bathrobe. To my chagrin, I discovered that my penis had elongated. All of the jumping up and down had freed my member to flop around. I blushed. This was completely unexpected.

Still, Gilbert did not seem to notice. In fact, he was still staring at something that was on the top shelf of the cabinet.

"Just out of reach," said Gilbert, "We'll just take care of that another time."

"Wait," I said, "I got any idea."

With Gilbert help, I climbed up onto the counter. To my surprise, Gilbert was using both hands to push my posterior. His warm and strong hands felt good on my bare butt. Of course, I knew my penis was responding to the touch. I told myself that I had to finish the task before Gilbert discovered my erection. I was so embarrassed.

Gilbert pointed to the box on the top shelf and I quickly handed it to him. Gilbert clapped. He was very happy to get the box. The old man put the box to one side and turned to help me down.

Then the unthinkable happened. My erection went straight into Gilbert's mouth as he tried to thank me. I felt the warm, wet interior of his mouth. My penis slid down his throat and I felt my body shake. I grabbed onto Gilbert bald head as I steadied myself. Before I could protest, I was ejaculating down his throat. My hips were gyrating as Gilbert tried to speak with my member in his mouth.

It seemed like an eternity before I stopped ejaculating. When I finally let go of Gilbert's head, the old man's eyes were as wide as saucers. There was semen tripping from both sides of his mouth. To my surprise, Gilbert's tongue slurped up the loose semen from around his mouth.

"You could have at least warned me," said Gilbert.

Sheepishly, I jumped down from the counter. At that, Gilbert took me by the hand and led me to his bedroom. Before I knew what was happening, Gilbert was bent over the edge of his head. His hands had parted his buttocks. The old man waiting patiently for my next move. I stood there looking down at his exposed anus. To my surprise, it seemed like it had been stretched apart more than once before. In fact, I could see that Gilbert's penis was fully erect. Since I was a virgin, I didn't know what to do next. 

Gilbert noticed my hesitation and turned to reassure me.

"I'm sorry," said Gilbert, "Your brother liked to ram his penis into my butt."

My eyes grew wide. Now I understood why Gilbert was afraid to be naked around me.

"Why?' I asked.

Gilbert shrugged his shoulders.

"That's why I called you," said Gilbert, "Your brother just wanted to use me. I was hoping you and I could have a different relationship."

"Why would he do that to you?" I asked.

Gilbert shrugged his shoulder again.

"That's all he wanted to do," said Gilbert, "When you came in my mouth, I assumed you liked to do the same things."

When I failed to answer, Gilbert held his hands up in the air.

"Please don't tell him I said anything," said Gilbert, "He might hurt me."

"No one's hurting anyone," I said.

"Are you going to tell anyone?" asked Gilbert.

"No," I said, "Not if you don't want me to."

Gilbert sighed. He seemed relieved.

"I'll make you deal," said Gilbert.

"Deal? What deal?" I asked.

Later on, I found myself sliding my penis into Gilbert's rectum. Maybe it was the beer. My inhibitions were gone and I wanted to satisfy my carnal desires. Gilbert's buttocks were very firm and I grabbed hold of them as I entered. The old man had squirted a generous dose of anal lube into his puckered anus beforehand. He was very grateful that I allowed him the courtesy of greasing his rectal cavity.

"Oh my God," cried Gilbert, "You're definitely bigger than your brother."

This was all the encouragement I needed. Within minutes, I was ejaculating deep between his buttocks. I massaged his firm ass as I made slow and deep thrusts.

"Oh my God," cried Gilbert, "I'm coming."

The old man shook underneath me. Obviously, the old man was enjoying himself also. When it was all over, we collapsed on his bed. We took the time to catch our breaths.

Gilbert took my hand and patted it playfully.

"What does it feel like?" asked Gilbert, "You're officially not a virgin anymore."

"I feel great," I said.

"I like you better," said Gilbert, "You're brother is a real asshole."

"Yes, he is," I said.

"Do you mind if I call again to help me clean?" asked Gilbert.

"Sure," I said, "But only if you teach me what to do."

"Are you sure?" asked Gilbert, "I hope you don't think any of this is too weird."

"I don't care what my brother thinks," I said.

By this time, the effects of the beer had worn off. I could feel the emptiness in my testicles from ejaculating so much semen. In fact, I was proud of myself. I just had amazing sex and I was certainly not about to share Gilbert with my brother. I looked down at his leaking penis. It was half erect and falling to one side. Without asking, I licked the top of his penis and tasted his salty semen. It tasted just like my own. In past, I had accidentally squirted into my own mouth. After the initial surprise, I came to the conclusion that the frothy liquid was harmless.

Immediately, Gilbert gasped. He was completely surprised. His penis started to elongate. I whistled at how fast the old man's penis grew to full length.

"What are you doing to me?" asked Gilbert.

I gave the old man a wink.

"You did ask me to come here to clean," I said.

Once more, the old man's eyes grew as wide as saucers as I slid his entire penis into my mouth.

"I start with your penis," I said.