 My name is Tom and I work for a swimming pool business. Actually my dad owns the business and I slave away for him. I get sent out on calls to clean peoples pools and do maintenance on them. Today I was heading out to the rich part of town.

I arrived at a house that was almost mansion size. I rang the doorbell but no one answered. Luckily you could walk around to the back of this place. Once I did that I saw this guy lying in a fancy beach chair. He was blonde and good looking. He was basically naked except for a small towel he had across his midsection.

I called out to him and he looked over at me.

"Oh, you are here to clean the pool?"

He motioned over to the pool like I should get to work. I guess I was just a worker bee to this guy. I did get to cleaning out the pool and adding the proper chemicals. I was also keeping a watch on this guy's crotch. There was a big bulge underneath that small towel. I wanted so badly to walk over and pull that cloth away. I had to control my urges.

It took me over an hour to finish up the job. I then walked over to this blond guy to tell him I was done. He took me by surprise by pulling the towel away from his body. His dick was thick and long and it looked half erect to me. I just stood there not knowing quite what to do.

"You did want it, didn't you?" he said. "You have been watching me ever since you arrived"

My face must have gone red. Yes, I had been looking and I got caught at it, no less. 

"Well?" He said to me.

I don't know what came over me. I knelt down along side his beach chair. I reached out and took that thick cock in my hand. I lowered my head and took him in my mouth. It was so thick and long I could barely take him down my throat. My blonde friend began to moan. He reached out and placed his hand on the back of my head. He didn't want me pulling off.

I started to bob up and down his pole. He tasted so hot and sweaty. I wanted him bad now. I went down all the way, deep throating his huge dick. All I could think of was that cock head spitting out its seed. I just went crazy by then. I was licking and sucking his bone, just waiting for him to explode.

I didn't have long to wait. I squeezed his sacs a few times and that seem to do it. He lifted his ass up from the chair and blew his steamy load. I was gulping to take it all down. I could tell there was a lot of cum. It was dripping from the corners of my mouth. I finally thought he was finished and I pulled off his erect bone.

I licked the corners of my mouth to get every last drop. Then I stood up and looked down at my naked friend. Christ, he was still hard as a fence post. He then got up and stood face to face with me. He reached out and started to undress me. I just stood there and let him do it. Thankfully there was no one around and this house was secluded.

In just a few minutes he had me naked. My friend pulled me over to a table close by. I was made to lie on my back. My blonde friend then took hold of my ankles and raised them up. I was hot and a bit scared. His big prick was pointed straight at my hole. I had never taken a cock back there. I was a virgin.

He then took a step forward and rubbed the head of his dick up and down my crack. I thought I was going to lose it. Then I felt a hard pinch. There was pain as he tried to ease his monster into my tight hole. It took some time, but somehow he was inside my ass the whole way.

Then came the ass fucking. My friend then proceeded to fill my ass with the hardest strokes he could produce. His big balls were dancing off my ass cheeks. He also started talking dirty to me. He said he was going to use me and fuck my ass until I bled. I surely didn't want that, but he had complete control over my asshole.

The sun was hot that day and I was lost in a haze as my cherry ass got fucked. I know I screamed and pleaded somewhere along the line. I did lose it and told him to ram my ass as hard as he could. He did just that. I was stretched as his big rod rammed into me over and over. My friend then arched his back and unloaded again.

I was surprised that he still had cum left over. I felt him seed my ass. It was hot and sticky man cream that entered my bottom. I milked his cock with my ass muscles as he kept feeding me his love offering. After a few minutes my blonde friend pulled out. Cum started to drip out my hole. I could barely move, I was so wiped out.

My blonde lover went inside the house and came back with some damp towels. I cleaned up the best I could, trying to force out the cum he blew into my ass. I did find out that my lover's name was Jimmy. Jimmy said he wanted to do it again if I was up to it. I told him I needed to give my ass a rest, but I would be back one day soon and clean his pool again.