 Grady showed up a little after breakfast, his fishing pole and tackle box in hand. Together we checked out the little fishing cabin and determined it would make for an excellent hook-up spot. I made a mental note to put some clean sheets on the bunk beds and give the place a good cleaning. 

Again, we exchanged blow jobs. This time, I learned to stimulate the nut sack, orally and manually, and how to avoid bringing Grady to climax too soon, while continuing to bring him pleasure. When Grady did it to me, he had me begging for him to bring me to orgasm. We spent the rest of the day fishing and bullshitting. I caught three perch, he caught five.

To Grandma's disappointment, I skipped church on Sunday. I especially wanted to skip Sunday School and the Youth Group meeting. I'd already stopped going to meet with the Born Agains after lunch, hoping Tyler might notice. If he did, he didn't mention it. I thought I might need to make better use of my time by working on my truck. 

I got the white and teal 1964 Ford F-100 Pickup for a steal at just two hundred bucks. The problem was it didn't work. Two years of taking Auto as an elective paid off. I started rebuilding the engine last year, working on it in my spare time. It looked like a rusty death trap, but when I was finished with her, she would purr like a kitten.

Grady dropped by a of couple hours after I'd lunched on Grandma's typical Sunday roast with stewed potatoes and carrots, my favorite. 

"I noticed you weren't in church today," he commented as he joined me at the hood of my truck, "How did you manage that?" Grandma may be liberal in her thinking, but she was a hardcore believer in going to church and saying your prayers.

"It was a one day reprieve. I told Grandma that riding on your motorbike made me realize how much I needed to get my truck up and running, and today was my only free day before the school week started again."

"Oh, so you used me?" Grady huffed, acting like I hurt his feelings.

"Yeah, and I plan on using you again just as soon as I get this bastard started." I gave him a wink, which brought another of his crooked smiles to his lips. God, how I loved the way he smiled. "Not that my story convinced Grandma. She reminded me that I could have done this yesterday, instead of fishing with you. I had to beg her, promising it was only this one Sunday, then reminded her that 'the sabbath was made for man, not man for the sabbath'. That finally got her to concede. Who knew that memorizing Bible verses would actually come in handy?" Grady cracked up with laughter.

"Oh, man, you're going to burn in Hell for sure." He watched me quietly for a moment. "Is there anything I can do to help?" Clearly, my straight buddy didn't know anything about auto repair.

"Yeah, actually you can. Go get behind the wheel and turn over the engine when I give you the word."

Grady disappeared behind the open hood, patting my ass softly as he passed behind me. With a few more turns of my ratchet wrench, I was about as ready as I was likely to be.

"Okay, give her a try," I called to him.

The engine whined at first, but then roared to life. I let it idle for a moment, listening. The engine had a steady rhythm, satisfying me that my hard work wasn't entirely in vain. I closed the hood and moved toward Grady, who was standing just outside the driver's door.

"Get in," I ordered, "Let's give her a test ride."

There isn't much to see in Longleaf. It was pretty much a ghost town. There was "Hashaw's General Store", which is basically a glorified convenience store with self-serve gas and a little grill where you could find the best hamburgers I've ever eaten. Rumor has it the secret was in the meat, but no one had the balls to ask. Somethings are better left unknown. The rest of the buildings were abandoned, hollow husks reminding the world of the town's former glory.

I headed down to Cutter's Mill, a popular teen hangout, to see who might be around, but I remembered it was there that Tyler blew Wade and his friends, so I drove on. Grady was wrong in his belief that I thought of Tyler when he blew me. All my attention was always on him. 

After a thorough test drive, I made my way back home and pulled into the narrow, overgrown drive that led through the woods to the Lake House.

"Ya know, I'm starting to think of this place like home," Grady said as we entered the little fishing cabin, "Being here with you is where I most want to be."

"No strings," I reminded him.

"I know, I know. That's not what I meant. When I'm here, I generally have your dick in my mouth, or your lips wrapped around mine. Either way, it's my favorite place in the whole world." I chuckled, shaking my head at the comment.

"I was checking out some porn and noticed that when guys are sixty-nining, they seem to be better able to deep throat, so I thought we could give it a try."

"I'm game if you are," he said, already stripping out of his clothes.

At first, we tried to get into position on the bottom bunk of the bed, but our legs hung off the ends at about the knees. Grady realized that would eventually become uncomfortable, so we pulled the mattress to the floor and assumed our necessary positions. Grady went to work immediately, slowly making his way down my shaft. I realized I couldn't watch him sucking me off in this position, and I'd come to enjoy the sight of his lips working me over.

I took the head of Grady's prick into my mouth, working my lips slowly down his long, thick shaft, lubricating it as I did. By the time I had his cock swallowed to the root, it felt like I was about to dislocate my jaw. I accepted the discomfort with the pleasure of finally nestling my nose in between his big balls.

"Holy shit," Grady exclaimed, releasing my cock from his lips, "Your throat is so tight!"

I paused, turning my attention to my own cock as he swallowed me whole, the head wrapped tightly within his throat, then returned my attention back to swallowing his rod, sliding my lips up and down his big cock in slow, even strokes to allow myself to breathe. The feeling of having all of his sex tool inside me was the most amazing, powerful and intimate feeling I had ever experienced. I began to feel feverish as my passion for him rose.

We were at it for fifteen or twenty minutes when I realized that, as wonderful as it felt, I was nowhere close to orgasm, and my aching jaw just couldn't take it anymore. 

"This isn't working for me," I told Grady after allowing his cock to slip from my lips, "It feels awesome, but I'm so focused on pleasing you, I don't think I can bust a nut."

"I know what you mean, and I was starting to wonder if you ever saw anyone orgasm when you watched this on-line.?"

"No, I don't think so," I answered after a little thought, "It was more of a foreplay move."

"So, maybe we take turns deep throating?" he suggested, "And just so we're clear, what happens when we cum? Do I cum down your throat, or pull out? I don't want to drown you by accident."

"I have an idea, I said, getting up to move the mattress back to the bed. I then lay on it with my head hanging off the side. Grady knelt in front of me, his big cock point at my lips. "Face fuck me, and when you cum, pull out, and cum all over me."

"Oh, that's hot!" he exclaimed smiling down at me.

Grady slipped his cock back into my mouth and down my throat before matching my previous rhythm with long, slow strokes. It took very little to bring him to climax, pulling out just in time to ejaculate long ropes of cum across my chest and stomach. 

I got up, drenched in cum, and waited for him assume the position. I got down on my knees, wiped some of his cum off my belly and lubed my cock with it. 

"Fuckin' A!" Grady exclaimed while I lubed up my cock, prompting me to give him a little show by stroking myself. "You better not jack yourself off!"

With an evil grin, I teased his lips with just the tip of my cock, refusing to give him any more. In retaliation, he reached up and slapped me on the ass hard, causing me to thrust forward, lodging the head of my dick into his mouth. Clamping his lips around me, he sucked hard refusing to let go.

I gave in and slipped further into his willing mouth. His throat wrapped around my cock head snugly, washing my loins with moist, warm seduction. I moved in and out of him in slow strokes, being careful to pull out enough for him to breathe. He grabbed my ass and pulled me into him, directing me to increase my rhythm. I increased the speed and force of my thrusts, fucking his mouth hard. The feeling was amazing bringing me closer and closer to orgasm. I knew I needed to time this right and started paying careful attention to how close I was getting, knowing I needed to pull out before I came. 

I banged his mouth a little more, then pulled out, rising quickly to my feet. With just two strokes, my orgasm overtook me. The first wad of cum shot so far, it landed on the wall on the other side of the bed. After regaining my senses, I looked down at the ropes of jism draped across Grady's semi-hard cock, his balls, and his stomach. A pool of the creamy liquid collected in the little chasm between his pecs.

"Down here, stud," Grady commanded. I knelt down in front of him again to allow him to clean the excess cum from my head and piss slit. My straight boy is quickly becoming a cum whore. 

My straight boy? I thought to myself as I watched him slob on the head of my dick, No strings, dumbass.

"Greedy faggot," I chided him playfully as he sucked gently on the sensitive head of my spent prick, sending jolts of almost painful, electric shocks throughout my body. "I think we need a shower."

We headed to the shower where we took our time washing the cum off each other. After we dressed, I drove him home and told him I'd pick him up for school in the morning. He agreed and waved goodbye.