 Being a sexually active bisexual guy, while exciting, also has its very real responsibilities. Safety is always a concern for me, so despite my penchant for promiscuity, I do practice safer sex and get myself tested for everything every six months or so. 

STD clinics are perhaps the un-sexiest places on earth -- institutional and cold. Charts and pamphlets line the walls detailing every possible social disease in extremely unappealing detail. Videos play warning of the lurking dangers of every sex act. It's enough to make one become celibate.

So when the nurse called my number, sex was the last thing on my mind. She led me to the examining room, asked me the usual questions, and then prepped me for some tests. I was wearing a hoodie and jeans; both of which I had to take off. 

The hoodie was too thick for me to roll up my sleeve, so I took it off and she drew some blood. She then had me drop my pants and pull back my foreskin so that she could insert a cotton swab into my penis (ouch). I was kind of embarrassed that I didn't have any underwear on, but she didn't seem to notice. She did notice my upper body however, and commented on how fit I was.

I was flattered...I do keep my 5'7" frame toned with yoga and swimming and appreciated her compliment. I always keep my cock, balls, and ass shaved smooth, so I suppose to her I was looking very porn star-ish. And while I have full cock sucking lips and a youthful face, my endowment is too average to be porn material.

The nurse told me to sit tight as the doctor would be in soon. She left as I pulled up my pants. I reached for the hoodie when the doctor walked in. He was a tall man...at least 6'2" or so and looked to be well into his 40s. His prominent nose and strong jaw suited his receding jet black hair. His blue eyes, slim build, and handsome presence made him look like a soap opera doctor.

He reached out his hand and smiled. I was still shirtless as I shook his hand. We sat down as he looked over his chart and then looked up at me kindly. 

"Ben?" he asked. I gave a brief nod. He introduced himself as Doctor Alan, but insisted, "Call me Ted".

The good doctor went through his chart and then asked me a few questions. "Just routine," he assured me.

"How many sexual partners have you had in the last six months?"

"Uh...six, I think."

"And were they men or women or both?"

"Both."

"Was it mostly men or women?"

"Mostly men actually...there was just one woman." Ted looked up briefly and smiled. "Just a few more questions..." Ted said.

"In the last six months, have you given and/or received oral sex?"

"Uh...well, I've pretty much just given oral sex," I told him. He again looked up and smiled.

"Have you given and/or received anal sex?"

"Uh...well, I've only just received," I said. He looked at me and stood up and quipped, "A bottom?"

I was a bit taken aback by his comment, but didn't have time to react as he led me to the examining table and stood in front of me. He swabbed the back of my throat. then felt my neck for swollen glands and then ran his hands down my sides. His hands were strong and masculine and I found them comforting, even arousing. He lingered at my chest, and briefly brushed his fingers over my nipples.

I was again startled by his behavior, but it happened so quickly that I let it go. Besides, my cock started twitching.

Doctor Alan then asked me to lower my jeans and I complied. My cock sprang slightly forward.

"No underwear," Ted remarked. "Would have kept you in place," he joked.

I was embarrassed, but put at ease as the good doctor examined my cock. He raised each testicle with his hand and then pulled back my foreskin. "Everything looks good here...real good," he said.

I was now fully erect and my face had turned beet red in embarrassment, but Doctor Alan put me at ease. "You're a healthy young man," he said admiring my erect penis.

He then asked me to turn around for an anal exam. I bent over as he asked; my forearms resting on the exam table. I heard Alan put on some rubber gloves and felt his hands on my backside. I felt a finger at my opening.

"Just making sure everything's okay back here," Doctor Alan said as he inserted his finger into my rectum. He went in slowly and inserted his entire finger inside of me. It felt wonderful.

Perhaps sensing my pleasure, Ted gently moved his finger in and out of me. I moaned enjoying the sensation of being finger fucked. I started lightly moaning, mumbling a few incoherent words of appreciation.

The good doctor removed his finger and gave me a gentle slap on my left butt-cheek. "You certainly are a healthy young man."

He said my test results would be ready in half an hour or so...I quickly dressed and headed for the waiting room.

Sitting there, I wasn't sure what to make of the doctor. His behavior was unprofessional to say the least, but of course I didn't object. I loved his presence...commanding and gentle. And the thought of his long, skillful fingers inside of me kept me semi-erect as I sat in the waiting room. I was so deep into my day dreams, wondering what his cock looked like, that I almost didn't hear Dr. Alan call me back into his office.

Leading me into his office, Ted sat me down and gave me a broad warm smile. "Well it's all good news...all the tests were negative, you're as healthy as can be."

He stood in front of me as he said this, his crotch in front of my face. He was wearing loose khakis, but I could vaguely make out the outline of his cock...perhaps he wasn't wearing underwear?

After Doctor Alan gave me a clean bill of health, we remained in silence for several moments. We made eye contact. Ted put his hands in his pockets and with his right hand shifted his cock inside his pants. I looked down at his crotch to see the outline of his cock growing. For what seemed like minutes, I sat there staring at his crotch, my mouth watering. 

My lips slightly parted when I finally looked up. Alan gently stroked my hair, which was all the encouragement I needed. I tentatively reached out my right hand, and with my middle finger I traced the outline of his cock over his trousers. My fingers ended up at his zipper that I gently pulled down. Ted helped me along by unbuckling his belt.

His cock sprang forward and gently tapped my chin. It was beautiful...perhaps eight inches long and thick. Like me, he was shaved smooth and uncircumcised. His foreskin was still covering the head of his cock...I pulled it back as I lifted his cock high, giving me easy access to his large low-hanging testicles.

I leaned forward and licked each testicle. Savoring the taste of his skin, I rolled each testicle in my mouth and then worked my way up his stiff shaft.

Moving forward onto my knees, I made love to his beautiful cock -- kissing, licking, sucking and caressing every inch of him. I made eye contact with him as much as possible, giving him hungry, coquettish looks.

After thoroughly coating his cock, the hung Doctor sat me down on his chair and mounted my face; fucking my mouth while I held on to the back of his thighs. I was prepared to swallow his cum right there, but the good doctor had other ideas.

He pulled out of my mouth and playfully slapped my face with his erect cock before lifting me up onto my feet. He pulled my hoodie off of me while I slid out of my shoes and jeans. Turning me around and holding onto my hips, there was no question what he wanted.

The doctor put on a condom and bent me over the back of the chair. And after applying an entire bottle of KY Jelly on his cock, he easily penetrated me. He was gentle and didn't penetrate fully. He fucked me briskly as his large hands enveloped my slim ass cheeks. I was in heaven.

I was trying to stifle my groan as his pace quickened. I was prepared for his cum right there and then, but the good doctor had other ideas.

He unexpectedly pulled his hard cock out of my asshole and quickly turned me around and pushed me onto my knees. He rolled off his condom and stroked his majestic cock above my face. I watched as he shot his impressive load all over my face. His orgasm lasted several seconds and splattered onto my nose, my forehead, my cheeks, and chin. It was absolutely glorious.

After a few moments of recovery, I quickly cleaned up and said goodbye to the doctor. On the subway ride home, I saw a reflection of myself in the window. I smiled as I noticed a few drops of dried-up cum on my chin that I missed.