 I am excited, I am seeing my old high school buddies for the first time in a year. We have all been so busy that we haven't got together at all recently. But now my friend Shane had finally organized a sleep over, just like we always used to have, and the best part was, his parents aren't going to be there so we can do whatever we want.

As I turned up I realized that I was the last one to arrive. My other two closest friends were wrestling on the couch. I smiled to myself as I remembered some short-lived fantasies I had had about my friends when I was younger. I was jolted back into reality when Bob yelled out from his fight with Gary on the couch. As I looked at each of my friends I realized that they had kept in shape, they all had harder bodies than I remembered, Gary was still lightly haired and his legs looked almost feminine.

We all drank a fair bit as the night progressed and eventually it was time for bed. I got given the spare bedroom with the queen-size bed. I quickly dropped off but before I did I had one last think about what it would be like to have sex with my friends. I wasn't gay, I knew that, but it didn't hurt to be curious.

I was dreaming strange dreams and all of a sudden I woke up. As my brain started to work I realized that there was something in my mouth something big. As I looked up I realized that I could see a pair of balls, and the thing in my mouth was a cock. I looked up to see Gary smiling down at me as he crouched with his cock in my mouth. I was panicked at first but there wasn't a lot I could do, with my mouth stuffed shut and Gary crouched on my chest. 

As I sat there I started to respond to Gary's gentle pushes with his cock. I liked the taste and soon I was twirling my tongue around the thick head. Gary closed his eyes and enjoyed it. I couldn't believe I was doing this. I was lying in my friends house sucking my friends cock, with my other friends in the next rooms down the hall. 

Gary started making urgent noises and I knew that he was close to cumming. I didn't want him to cum yet so I pulled my mouth off his cock and sucked one of his hairless balls into my mouth. I sucked it gently and then engulfed his penis again. He started making small noises again and this time I let it happen. I pulled off his head slightly, and started licking up the shaft with the tip of my tongue. He came quicker than I thought and his first stream hit me on the forehead. I plunged my mouth back over his cock and enjoyed the tasted of his cum in my mouth. He kept cumming so violently that some leaked out of my mouth and dribbled down my chin.

He was still smiling as he slid backwards down my chest, I always slept in boxers only. He leaned down and I shivered in delight as I felt his wet tongue lick his own cum off my face. As I looked over his naked body I realized how big his penis was. It must have been at least ten inches. As I looked over him I realized that I was so hard my cock was sticking out of my boxers.

He leaned down again and whispered "Now that won't do"

He spun on my chest and pulled my boxers off. I got a good look at his ass as he bent and it made my cock twitch. I felt his warm mouth envelop my cock and I gave half a moan before I cut it off. I lay back for what seemed like eternity and then I felt my balls tighten. Gary pulled his mouth off my cock and used the same shaft-tickling lick that I had used before except he was quick enough to catch my first squirt of cum in his mouth. He swallowed it all and when I had finished he turned to me and leaned down slowly. As he drew nearer I felt my breath catch in my throat. I was lost in the moment and then all of a sudden he was kissing me. His tongue mingled with mine, sharing the salty-sweet taste of my own cum. He finally broke off and sat up. We were both staring at each other when we heard the door squeak. We both turned and our mouths opened in horror. Standing in the door was Bob and his eyes were wide as he took in the scene.

To be Continued...