 "I want you to come over here and suck my dick." Tony's voice, even across the phone lines, had an air of authority.

My hands and feet got cold and my stomach and chest got tight. I could feel my heart beating. I was alone in my apartment on a lazy Saturday morning in October. My wife had driven up to North Carolina to visit her mother and sister over her fall break. I was on a different schedule from her, being in graduate school, and I had stayed behind. I was in my late twenties, and life had taken a turn toward the interesting a few months earlier.

"I don't do that," I managed to croak.

"You do now."

My palms began to sweat. "I don't think I can do that."

"Yes, you can."

I didn't reply.

"Let me put it this way. Do you want me to keep fucking your wife?"

Now my chest was really tight. I began to feel weak in my legs.

"Yes," I whispered.

"Then come over here and suck my dick."

I had to sit down. This was not a situation I'd anticipated.

"Are you hard?" he asked.

I realized I was semi-erect, which surprised me. I had never been interested in doing anything with another man. But when he brought my wife into the mix, it changed the dynamic considerably.

"Yes," I breathed.

"I figured as much." He wasn't cruel, just matter of fact. "If you do a good job, I'll let you look at some of the pictures I took of Janie. You'll like them a lot."

I didn't say anything, but I felt my erection press harder against my jeans.

He gave me directions without asking again if I was going to come over. He knew I would.

***

I tried to read. I tried to take a nap. But all I could do was watch the clock. Tony had a naturally dominant personality; I was naturally submissive. I didn't have those two words -- dominant, submissive -- back then. But I sensed it. He had a powerful presence. His voice resonated within you. It was almost as though he was bigger than life.

The entire time I kept thinking about how large Janie said he was. She had been with one well-endowed man during an affair earlier in our marriage. She said Tony was much larger than that guy. My cock got hard as I thought about tall, fit Tony thrusting inside my 5' 2" wife, and then it softened when I thought of putting him in my mouth. This cycle repeated until about four o'clock when I finally decided to take a shower.

I was ready to go well before five. Tony was expecting me at six. I left the apartment and walked slowly through the golden brown leaves to my car. The married student housing complex was deserted. I was glad. If anyone had asked me where I was headed, I might have lost it. When I got in my car, five minutes had passed. I had fifty-five minutes to go ten miles.

Tony's directions were easy to follow. He lived in a nice middle-class neighborhood with lots of family vans and sedans in the driveways. My four inch cock pushed hard against my seat belt when I realized my wife had driven this car down this street a couple of dozen times on her way to be fucked by him. I drove past his house and back out to the main road to waste some time. I turned the radio to NPR. I almost topped off the tank but I suddenly decided I didn't want to have the smell of gasoline on me when I got to Tony's place. That didn't strike me as peculiar at the time, although it did years later when I was thinking about the entire experience.

Garrison Keillor finished his Lake Wobegone monologue, and there were still ten minutes to burn. I felt it was important to arrive exactly at six, because that was the time he specified. He affected me that way. I pulled up into his driveway and listened to a bit more of the Prairie Home Companion. I got out of the car at 5:58, and tapped on the door of his house at exactly six.

Tony opened the door wearing a faded tank top. and nylon gym shorts. He towered over my 5'6" body. His shoulders were broad; his arms were muscular. He had a full head of wavy blonde hair like a surfer god. He was a little red from the sun and had a day's growth of beard on his strong chin. I couldn't bring myself to make eye contact with him, so I looked past him at the sparsely furnished living room. Tan carpet, tan walls, tan sofa, tan chair and ottoman. A nondescript coffee table with sports magazines and a couple of empty diet soda cans.

"Come on in," he said. "I'm going to take a shower. Have a seat over there." He nodded at the sofa. I couldn't speak, so I just shuffled awkwardly past him and sat down on the sofa's edge. I put my elbows on my knees and intertwined my fingers in front of me. I hoped that would hide the fact that I was shaking.

Now I could see a prefab computer desk, the kind you put together yourself. His computer was on and the AOL connect screen was up. A box of 3.5 diskettes was spilled over on the shelf above the monitor. On the wall opposite me was a television on a milk crate. A cable box on top of it was half covered by an HBO guide.

"I'll be right back." He walked down a hallway and I heard water start. A door shut, then the shower turned on. I wondered if my wife had used that shower after one of their dates. She had never slept over, but she had stayed well into the morning hours on quite a few occasions. I wondered if they had showered together.

I don't think I moved the entire twenty minutes he was in the back of the house.

He came out wearing a clean t-shirt and a pair of baggy khaki shorts. "It's funny seeing that car in the driveway without Janie being here," he chuckled. "She makes that sofa you're on look mighty good when she's laying on it naked. I've fucked the hell out of your wife on that sofa."

I tried to smile, but I think it was more of a grimace. Janie didn't like to be around our apartment naked. The thought of her walking around naked for him, fucking him wherever, whenever, made me squirm in place. He knew that was the kind of thing I liked to hear.

"Do you want to look at some pics I have on the computer? To get into the mood?" he asked.

"No, I'm good." I still hadn't moved.

He nodded, then sat down in front of the computer. He clicked the mouse a couple of times and brought up some jpegs. "This is what I like to look at," he said with a disturbing amount of gusto. "Women sucking cocks."

He clicked through a few images and made some commentary on a few of them. "Your wife is as hot as any of these women. Hotter, because she's just so damn horny, you know?"

I nodded. I did know.

"Come over here, Jim."

I almost fell as I stood up.

"Kneel on the floor right here beside me."

I shuffled numbly over and knelt next to his computer chair. Now there was no hiding the fact that I was trembling.

"Look at that..." He brought up another picture of a porn star with obviously fake breasts holding a huge cock in her hand. Her expression was supposed to be one of surprise, but the garish makeup gave her a clownlike look that ruined the effect.

"Put your hand right here," he told me. I moved my hand toward the front of his shorts. He took my cold, trembling hand in his. His hand was huge and hot. He pressed my hand against his crotch and rubbed it back and forth. "Can you feel that?"

I tried to answer, but I just coughed instead. He was very thick. "Keep doing that." I silently obeyed. It was my first time to touch another man like that. Under any other circumstances, I wouldn't have done it. He looked at some more pictures and I felt his cock untwist and lengthen as I rubbed.

"Okay, enough of that." He closed the pic and stood. He walked over to the tan chair and pushed the ottoman out of the way. "Now it's time to get down to business, Jimmy." I hated being called Jimmy. He had no way of knowing that unless Janie told him.

"Kneel down here, Jimmy, in front of my chair. I want you to undo my shorts." I fumbled with the button and the zipper. My heart was pounding and my head was starting to spin.

"Pull them down. Now rub the front of my boxers." At this point, I could see the swollen cock underneath through the front slit. It was brown and purple and pink. And it was massive.

"Now my boxers. Ease them down, Jimmy. Nice and slow. Not too rough." It took several tries for me to get the waistband over him. And it just sprang out like a snake from a trick can, falling over my hands as I lowered his boxers and he stepped out of them.

His semi-erect cock was dangling in front of my face. I could feel his body heat on my face. He scratched himself a little and held it out for me so I could see it all.

"This is what I've been fucking your hottie wife with, Jimmy. See why she keeps coming back for more?"

I nodded. At the mention of my wife, I felt a stirring down low. My libido rose. "Did she tell you how big it was? Did she tell you how she squeals when I fuck her with this?" I hardened as the thought of my tiny petite wife with her legs wrapped around this big man. At how she must have sounded as he pierced her with that enormous cock. I wanted to look down, but I couldn't take my eyes off him. I had never been that close to another man's erection. There was a surrealness as his manhood bobbed in front of me.

"Put your hands on it. Feel it. Feel how thick it is, Jimmy."

I hesitated. Touching another man had never been a fantasy of mine. Many fetishes intrigued me. Gay sex was not one of them.

"Feel it, Jimmy, or she'll never get it again. How pissed off will she be at you if that happened? And what would you have to think about when you jerked off?"

I put a hand on it. It twitched at my touch and startled me. He laughed.

"Both hands, Jimmy. That's the way. Now go back and forth. Just like you do by yourself at home while Julie is over here."

I was half disgusted at what I was doing and half in disbelief. I looked at the purple veins that were emerging as I stroked him, mesmerized.

"Your wife's mouth has been on that cock, Jimmy. She loves to suck it. She begs me to let her suck it."

My breathing got a little more shallow and I could feel his words turning me on.

"Beg me to let you suck it."

I met his eyes for the first time. They burned into me like jets of flame.

"Beg me, Jimmy. Beg me just like Janie does." He mimicked my wife's voice. "Pleeeze, Tony, pleeeze, baby." Half whining and half sultry, just like Janie when she asked a really big favor.

"Please..." The rest of it stuck in my throat.

"Please what, Jimmy? What do you want?"

"Please let me..."

Tony laughed. "You'll have to do better than that." He mimicked Janie again, "Pleeze, baby, let me suck your big fat cock..."

"Please, let me suck you," I breathed. Hearing Janie's words was really getting me going. He was beginning to get to me.

"Please, baby," Tony prompted.

I closed my eyes and I felt myself squeezing his cock a little tighter and stroking a little faster. "Please, baby..."

"Please, baby, let me suck your big fat cock," he prompted again.

I swallowed. "Please, baby, let me suck your big fat cock." I was very hard now.

"Say it again, Jimmy." I could hear him smiling as he said it.

"Please, baby, let me suck your big fat cock."

He laughed and eased himself down on the chair. "She told me you wouldn't say it."

I looked confused.

"Janie said you'd never say that. I told her you would. I wish I'd bet her an ass fucking like I wanted to. I've been wanting to bust that ass of hers wide open."

He sat on the edge of the chair. "Come on up. Closer. Closer. Just your hands now. Nice and slow. No hurry, Jimmy. You're going to be here awhile. We might be here all night."

I got up against the chair, between his tan muscular legs. I used one hand and then the other. He was so long that, even rigid, he had to be held up.

"Now, put the tip in your mouth."

I could feel the precum oozing out of my little cock, soaking into my whitey tighties. I was filled with all sorts of mixed emotions.

"You really haven't sucked a cock before have you?"

I shook my head. I wondered what he meant by that.

"Just like in the movies. Open up, Jimmy."

I opened my mouth and he guided the tip to my mouth. I felt it bump against my lips. It was burning hot.

"Now close. Mmmm... That's right, Jimmy. Get it all wet now. Oh, God, I didn't realize how horny I was. You're going to have to come over here every time your wife is out of town, Jimmy. I'm about to pop one in your mouth right now before we even get started."

My eyes were closed. I was working my mouth around the big mushroom shaped glans, wetting it all over. I wondered where the rest of his cock was going to go if my mouth was already full.

I reached down with one hand to adjust my raging hard-on that had grown quite uncomfortable.

"Jimmy, you're hard? Good boy! But no touching. Get that hand back up here."

He eased his t-shirt up and over his head. His stomach was flat and tan, covered with light hair, and his nipples were brown. His pects were just visible. He eased himself back in the chair. I had to raise up to keep the tip of the staff in my mouth.

"Now, just suck it. Nice and slow. Keep that hand moving."

I did as I was told. He made various satisfied noises as I did so.

"You're as good as Janie, Jimmy. You both are naturally talented cocksuckers."

Again, the reference to my wife raised my state of arousal. My hard cock ached, but I dared not touch it. Something about Tony prevented me from even thinking of disobeying.

As I began to relax, I noticed for the first time Tony's smell. Being so close to him, between his legs, my face in his crotch, I could smell him. It was very pleasant. It smelled of soap and something musky. I experimented with letting a little more of Tony inside me. And I began to turn my head back and forth a bit.

He moaned softly.

His clean skin tasted good. I began to bob my head up and down slightly.

"Oh...yeah..."

My tongue found the soft spot on the bottom of his cock's head where Janie's tongue had touched me so many times.

"Yesss...you are a real cocksucker, Jimmy..."

His cock became even more rigid, and I saw the flat of his stomach start to tense. I moved my hand up and down his shaft a little faster, squeezed a little harder.

He lifted up just a bit and put his hands on the back of my head. I thought I was going to cum without touching myself at all. The thought that I was making him so excited was turning me on more than I would have believed.

Now he pressed down with his hands. His hips were moving beneath me. I was trembling all over. He was throbbing in my mouth. The heat coming off the head was intense.

"Ohhhhh.... Ohh, God..." His voice was low and husky.

I tasted a familiar saltiness in my mouth. I had often tasted my precum over the years, and I recognized his now. His stung my tongue a little, burned me...

He was pulling down hard on my head now. The big fat head banged all the way to the back of my throat and I gagged hard. I tried to spit him out. But he held on tight to my head. He began fucking my face, ramming his cock as far as he could get it into my mouth that was trying to expel it.

"Oh, hell, yeah...shit, yeah! Suck it, goddammit!"

I opened my tongue and let him in. I choked. Tears came to my eyes.

Suddenly, urgently, "Sit back, sit back..."

I moved back and he sat up. He grabbed his nine inch cock and started pumping it. He put his hand behind my head and pulled me forward.

"Oh, fuck, yeah...Oh, fuck..."

Big spurts of warm wet cum sprayed across my neck and shirt. I was amazed at the volume of each spurt, and of the number of times his cock spat them onto me.

He slowed down. His face was a little red, and he was breathing sort of heavy. He grinned at me.

"Janie likes me to shoot on her tits," he said. "Unless I'm shooting inside her, of course. Then she licks it up. You want a little lick, Jimmy? Taste it?"

I was still very hard. I nodded slowly.

"Come here." He pulled my face close and he wiped the dripping head of his softening cock on my lips. "There you go. What do you think?"

I had not tasted cum, mine or anyone else's. I wasn't sure if I liked it or not, but I nodded as if I did.

"Have a little more, then." He wiped his head on my lips again, and I licked it up, as well.

"That was damn good for a first time, Jimmy. You and Janie really are two natural born cocksuckers."

I didn't say anything.

"You know that next time she goes to visit her mother, you're going to do this again."

I half-shrugged. I was more interested in getting home and jerking off my hard-on than listening.

"I let you off easy this time. Next time I'm going to cum in your mouth. You have a sweet mouth, Jimmy boy."

The phone rang, and I was left with several moments to ponder those last words. Tony picked up his clothes and stepped over me. His limp cock bumped against my head.

"No, I'm not doing anything. I have a couple of minutes. What's up?" He headed toward the back, and I looked at the magazines on the coffee table. A small dark circle marked the front of my shorts. My precum had soaked through. The magazines were all sports, fitness, tennis. I heard Tony pass behind me as he went into the kitchen, still talking. He dropped an envelope on the table in front of me and went to the back again.

My heart skipped a beat when I thought they might be the pictures he'd mentioned. Tony had never let me watch him with Janie. He didn't want me watching. He had me listen over the phone while he pounded Janie one night. He wanted me to get all the details afterward. He even called the day after when I was home for lunch to fill me in on the previous night's activities. But I'd never watched, only fantasized.

I opened the envelope. A medium sized stack of color photographs spilled out onto my lap. The very first one was Janie wearing a bra and panty set I'd bought for her. She was laying on the sofa, his sofa, and she was wearing a huge smile. I wanted to jerk off so badly my teeth were clenched.

I flipped through the other pictures quickly, furtively, as if I thought he would take them away before I could see them all.

Some were taken at what appeared to be a lakefront cabin. Janie was wearing her bikini. There was another couple there, as well. Several pictures were of Janie and Tony sitting together, cuddling, kissing, talking. One showed Janie in a serious lip lock with the other guy. Another showed her in a serious lip lock with the other girl. There were some taken in a hotel room. She was wearing a teddy that I didn't recognize. And there were pictures of her in various stages of undress. She was holding her breasts with her hands, nipples stategically covered, presenting them to the photographer. Had he shared these with anyone online? I grabbed my cock and started jerking through my shorts. I felt like an animal in a frenzy.

"What do you think, Jimmy?"

I snatched my hand away, but he'd already seen me. The dark spot on my shorts had grown.

"I...I like them."

"I thought you would. Now, would you like to go home and jerk off?"

I nodded. "Can I take this picture?" I showed him the one with Janie pressing her breasts together, holding them up for the camera."

"Nuh uh. They stay here. You can look at them next time I call you over."

There didn't seem to be any point in asking again. He had given his answer. I walked toward the door.

"Drive safely, and don't jerk off while you're driving. When Janie calls me tonight, I'll tell her you did a real good job for your first time, Jimmy boy. She can be real proud. "

I didn't turn around while I fumbled with the car door latch.

"Oh, and Jimmy? It's going to be a long weekend. Stay close to the phone."