 Slowly at first, almost imperceptibly, I began to hear birds. Birds? Where the hell did the birds come from? Still groggy, I stretched out and rolled to my back. The hotel bed was unusually soft this morning, and the light quite bright in the room. My mind began to clear, when the memories of the night before began to flood back in my mind. Remembering some of the activities, I bolted upright to see if anyone was with me. To my relief (or was it disappointment?), I found myself alone.

Looking about, I found I was in an exquisitely decorated room. From my vantage point in the large, 4-postered bed, I saw a mix of antiques and artwork that rivaled anything I've seen in a bedroom. The French doors were opened to a small balcony, and the deep blue sky was set against the hills of California wine country. This, I thought, would make an excellent postcard. 

As I swung my feet to the carpet, I realized I was completely naked. As a more vivid recollection about the night's adventures came back to me, I realized the substance around my chest, neck and chin could only be dried cum. To my surprise, I smiled to myself as I rose from the bed. At that point, I saw the coffee service next to the bed. I continued to be impressed with the service at this B&B that Robbie brought me to, but couldn't believe they could come and go so quietly. Furthermore, I began to worry that maybe they knew what had happened the night before. I can't imagine how the entire house could sleep through the most amazing orgasm of my life! Well, I thought, Robbie must have gotten up early and brought the coffee in. I looked around, but saw no sign of any of her things, or even her bag.

Not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, as they say, I stood up and stretched and slowly walked over to pour myself a cup of coffee. Looking down as I turned a cup over, I saw my cum-dried pubic hairs pressed around my limp cock. I laughed to myself when I realized I had no morning erection, probably because my cock couldn't get hard for another week after the night we'd just spent.

At that point, the bedroom door opened and in walked the most stunning young woman I'd ever seen. She was about 5" tall, and must have only weighed 100 pounds. She had shoulder length brown hair and hazel eyes. Here black and white French maid outfit was one of many-a-fantasy. "Sir, it's good to see you up again, I was wondering how late you'd sleep after the night you had!" she said with a smile. I frantically looked about to find something to cover myself with, and she just laughed. "Don't bother yourself with modesty here, sir. My name is Debra, but you can call me Deb if you like. I'm here to attend to your every need." The way she said every, I began to worry that my cock would grow in front of her. I stammered a response, and tried, unsuccessfully, to act nonchalant as I poured my coffee. She giggled, and told me that there was nothing to be ashamed of. "Let's get you cleaned up and ready for brunch now" she said as she effortlessly moved about the room, making the bed and taking clothes from the dresser. "Although I daresay it's almost after lunch," she continued.

She came around the bed and took me, still speechless, by the hand and led me to the bath. The large Jacuzzi reminded me of the night before, and I again had to try to keep my cock from growing. "I've taken the liberty of drawing the bath for you, sir" she said as she led me to the tub. Please settle in and I'll be right back. She left as I lowered myself into the warm water. Damn, I thought, I need to pee! I quickly stepped out and glanced to see if she was coming back. I began to relieve myself of the previous nights excesses, when I felt her hand reach around me and gently hold my cock. "Now don't go getting any ideas," she said, but one of my favorite duties is helping the gentlemen relieve themselves in the morning. It's always such a rush to see your cocks so fat and flaccid as your pee in the morning." I tried to say something again, but only opened my mouth in astonishment. As I finished, she expertly shook the drops from my cock and told me to come back to the tub. 

I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw that she had removed her uniform and was wearing only a thong. Her breasts were not large, but very firm. Very firm! Her nipples pointed up in the air, and I couldn't believe how tight her entire body was. "I almost forgot to get out of my clothes, how can I wash you when I'm dressed?" she asked. "Wash me?" I blurted out. At least I'd finally found something to say, though I must admit it could have been wittier! She laughed, and pointed to the coffee service next to the tub. "Well, you'll need your hands for your coffee" she said. As she led me into the tub, she handed me my cup, and my shaking hands tried not to spill it. She giggled again and began to lather up a washcloth. As I took a sip, she turned me around and began to lather my shoulders. 

I closed my eyes in pleasure as she worked her way slowly down to my ass. She lathered up again as she began to wash my ass, paying strict attention to my asshole. "Mistress Robbie likes her guests to be well taken care of" she said, breaking the silence. She turned me around and began to slowly wash up my legs and gently wash my balls. My cock almost immediately grew to its full erect state as she rubbed the soap slowly up my shaft. "Sorry" I said with a sheepish grin, "can't help it." She giggled again (causing me to get even harder) and said she'd be disappointed if nothing happened. Unfortunately, she left my cock and began to wipe the dried cum from me. At that time, I noticed just how much was there and began to wonder if it was all from Steve and Robbie. Deb must have known what I was thinking.

"Did you ever imagine you'd have four hard cocks spraying you with cum?" she asked. "It was so hot to watch, I couldn't stop myself from masturbating" she continued. "You were there last night?" I said, surprised. "Of course, I live and work here" she said. "Mistress Robbie encourages us to join her guests and her when she is at home." "Home?" I said, in shock. "She lives here?" I couldn't believe that the estate we drove into was her home. "Well, I don't think she'd call this home," said Deb. She usually only comes for the weekend. I understand she has quite a mansion in the city." "And you work here?" I asked with surprise, "what do you do?" "Well" she said, as she was leading me out of the tub, "I guess you could say I do anything… or everything that is asked of me." She began to rub me down with a large towel and my questions became more direct.

"When did you start working for Robbie?" She giggled. "On my 18th birthday, of course" she said, "about 3 months ago." Now I understood where the giggle came from. My cock, which began to soften during the discussion quickly, began to rise again. "I see you like that" she said as she dried my cock and balls. "I think we'll need to keep this hard for awhile," she said as she moved the towel away and stroked my hardening shaft with her fingertips. 

"At least for the next few minutes, Mistress told me to ask if we could prepare you." Prepare me? I began to argue, but then figured what the hell. "Sure, why not" I said. Deb had me sit down on the side of the tub and produced shaving cream and a straight edge razor. She saw the look in my eyes and told me not to worry, and that she was very good with it. To my surprise, she lathered my chest and began to shave. I didn't have that much body hair (at least compared to some), but when she was finished, I didn't have any. None. My chest, legs, ass, pubic hair and even my balls were completely smooth. Deb finished by rubbing me down with a soothing gel that felt great. 

"There," she said with enthusiasm, "I think you're ready!" She led me back to the bedroom as I watched her small, tight ass sway before me. I decided to continue to press her for more details of her relationship with Robbie. I hoped to be able to press her in different ways later! 

She explained that she met Robbie over the Internet two years before. "I think that's how she met all of us," she said. "All of us?" I pressed. Another giggle. "Of course, I can't keep this estate running alone" she laughed. "There are always exactly 20 of us working here. Ten boys and ten girls. All of us turned 18 on our first day here."

It turns out that Robbie cultivated relationships for two years. When the time was right, and if the candidates met her criteria, she offered them something they found difficult to refuse. Each 'employee' would commit to working for her two years. It's all that was allowed. Then, after exactly 24 months had passed, Robbie would pay for their tuition for 4-year degree at a top rate school. Upon graduation, she would see that they got a well-paying job with a respected company. And cash. Five hundred thousand dollars. Tax free. Oh, and all had to be pretty much open to anything sexually. "Robbie likes all of us to be bi-sexual," she said. "Of course, since she's a transvestite, she gets the best of both worlds. She gets to fuck and get fucked whenever she likes. And we all think she's so hot, we're always willing!"

During this time Deb laid out a small thong swim suit. She told me to put it on, as I'd probably need it after lunch. A short white robe completed my dress. As she kneeled sown and pulled the thong up, she bent down and kissed the tip of my cock before packing it inside the pouch. "I'll be seeing you later" she said as she looked up into my eyes. I started to reach down to her, but she said she was instructed to be sure I didn't cum that morning. "Robbie has plans for that" she said with another smile as she rose up. She slid her hands up my smooth stomach to my chest and then my neck. I pressed my mouth to hers and was surprised to find her tongue eagerly probing my mouth. I slide a hand down her firm, tight little breasts, down her stomach and found her pussy, soaking wet. She moaned as my fingers started to enter her, and she suddenly pulled away. 

She caught herself before getting too caught up in the moment. "I knew you could make me feel that way," she said as she led me out of the room and down the hall. "Last night, when I saw the way you sucked those cocks, I knew then I needed your tongue on me. Tonight, I need to feel your tongue in me!" She kissed me on the cheek and motioned me to go down the stairs. I reluctantly left her, and found a very well built young man in a g-string at the bottom of the stairs waiting to lead me out to the pool. "Mistress Robbie is waiting for you poolside," he said in a quiet voice. 

As he stepped aside to let me pass, he quickly pulled me to him and pressed his mouth to mine. His tongue found mine at the same time his fingers found my cock. Then, he quickly pulled himself away, much the same way Deb had minutes earlier. He smiled and said, "I hope that helps you remember me from last night! My cock gets hard just thinking about how well you sucked me!" Then, with a wink and a smile, he turned and left leaving me to step out onto the patio alone…

Next up… Chapter 3