 As I entered the patio, I thought I’d feel more trepidation. After all I thought, in the last 12 hours I’d found myself kissing a man, sucking a very large cock, swallowing cum and being fucked in the ass by a beautiful transvestite. But, much to my surprise I didn’t feel at all uncomfortable. I just had, I decided, the most interesting 12 hours of my life!

I was still astounded to find that I’d actually enjoyed the experience. No, I had to be honest. I didn’t just enjoy it; I couldn’t wait for it to happen again! I never imagined that I could get such pleasure from running my tongue up and down a hard cock. I remembered the feel of balls on my fingertips, the weight of a cock in my hand, and the taste of cum in my mouth. I also remembered enjoying the feeling of a large dildo pressing into my ass. Of course I was surprised as I turned around to face Robbie, and felt her softening cock press against me!

As I gave a parting glance to the young man who had just stroked my cock and pressed his tongue into my mouth, I entered the patio area. This place is amazing, I thought to myself as I looked around. The large patio encircled a huge pool, complete with a waterfall and natural rock settings. In fact, if you didn’t know it, you’d think you were in the wilderness. 

Then I saw her. Robbie was sitting with her back to me at a patio table. As I approached, she rose and turned to greet me. I saw she was also wearing a short robe (that barely covered her ass), and a g-string as well. She looked surprisingly nervous. As she stood, her robe fell open revealing what could possibly be the most beautiful breasts I’d ever seen. As I neared, my eyes glanced to her g-string. I tried to make out the shape of her cock, but could not discern it. I actually didn’t recall seeing it the night before in much detail. This, I thought to myself, must be rectified soon!

She seemed tentative as she took my hands and kissed me softly on the cheek. As she began to pull away, I reached out and gently pulled her face to mine. We kissed for what seemed like forever, yet it didn’t seem long enough. To this day, I think it was the most sensual kiss I’ll ever experience. 

As we finally drew apart, she laughed and the tension disappeared. “You can’t imagine how apprehensive I was about seeing you this morning,” she said. I replied with a sly grin “you can’t imagine how disappointed I was when I woke up alone this morning!” She smiled, and said that she doesn’t make it a habit to sleep with her guests and asked if I found the “service” acceptable this morning. “Well,” I said, “I must admit I enjoyed my bath, and this doesn’t appear to be the B&B you led me to believe it was.” As we sat down, I couldn’t help but admire her long tanned legs and tight ass. I still couldn’t imagine that she really had a cock hidden in there, but continued to hope that I’d get a much closer look. I could feel my cock begin to stir as I thought of holding her cock in my hand. I shook my head to clear the thoughts as yet another very, very beautiful young woman began serving our breakfast (or was it lunch already?).

We began to eat, when she finally broke the silence. “Last night. That was the first time I ever was with a man who didn’t know that I was a transvestite beforehand. That’s why I was so nervous this morning. I didn’t know how you’d react. Did you enjoy yourself?” I laughed, “I thought that was evident by the way I blew those two guys. I still can’t believe I let them cum all over my face and chest!” She looked into my eyes, and smiled and licked her lips. I could stand it no longer. I wiped my mouth, and stood up and walked to her. Without a word I knelt down in front of her and slid my fingertips into the band of her g-string. She closed her eyes and raised her hips ever so slightly so I could slowly pull down the g-string. Her cock was being exposed inch by inch, and much to my surprise it seemed to have no end! It was not even hard yet and it must have been 8 inches long when I finally saw her beautiful cock head exposed. I threw her g-string aside and moved my head to her cock. It began to swell as I lightly blew on it. She moaned, and asked if I wouldn’t rather finish my breakfast first. “After all,” she said, “you haven’t even had your coffee yet.” I looked up to her eyes, “I think I’ll start with the cream,” I said quietly, as I slowly sucked her hardening cock into my mouth.

I found myself licking and sucking her cock like I’d never imagined I could, or would. My tongue was all over her balls, her stomach, her breasts, and back down to her very large, very hard cock. My God, I thought, she must be 10” or more! By now I really wanted her to cum for me. I pulled her head into my mouth and swirled my tongue around it. She moaned, and pulled my head to her as she began to fuck my mouth. Please, I thought, cum for me! She moaned loudly, and her balls tightened. Her back arched and hot cum began to fill my mouth. And for the second time in 12 hours, I couldn’t believe how good it tasted! Only this time, I swallowed it all. Not a drop left my mouth!

I continued to lick her now softening cock, and didn’t stop until it was back to its flaccid, yet large, state. I rose, and pulled her up so she was standing facing me. Our tongues met yet again, and we kissed for an eternity. I finally pulled back, and told her I wanted to make love to her. I wanted her to feel me inside her. Much to my surprise, she pressed her finger to my lips and whispered that she couldn’t. “Not yet” she said. “There’s one thing we have to do first,” she said mysteriously.

My cock was so hard; I didn’t know what to say. She looked down at it, and gave it a squeeze. “I’ve made a promise I must keep,” she said. She pressed a button on the table and spoke into it. “Kate, it’s time,” she said. I heard a shout inside, and in a moment a young lady came running out onto the patio. “Slow down, Kate,” Robbie said with a smile. “I’ve made sure that he is ready for you!” I looked to Robbie for an explanation as Kate came and stood next to me. I couldn’t believe how cute she was in her own g-string and short robe. She was less than 5 feet tall, probably not even 4-11”. Short hair, elfish features, nice small breasts and she had a very, very tight ass. “Kate is our newest employee” Robbie explained. “In fact, she turned 18 just last night. She begged me to let you be her first, and how could I refuse these lips?” Kate smiled widely as she took my hand, and led me to a nearby lounge chair. 

She removed my robe, and dropping to her knees she quickly pulled my g-string off. My cock was rock hard, and tentatively reached out her tongue and lightly touched my head. Pre cum was dripping off my cock and she took her finger, and rubbed it to her lips. As she tasted it, a smile crossed her face. “Ummmm!” she said as she reached out her tongue to take the pre-cum directly from my cock. Her fingers began to explore my balls. She was so excited, I was afraid she might squeeze to hard. “Careful,” I heard Robbie say. I opened my eyes and saw she was watching us. “Remember what I said about being gentle,” she admonished. “And don’t forget the bridge!” Kate looked back at Robbie and smiled. Then she ran her tongue from the tip of my cock, down the shaft and over my now-smooth balls. She continued further, and began to lick the sensitive area between my balls and ass. I couldn’t help it, and moaned loudly with pleasure! 

As she began to lick her way back to my shaft, she pressed her hands to my stomach and pushed me down onto the lounge chair. She smiled as she looked into my eyes, and she motioned me to lay back. She walked around the chair, and straddled my face, and lowered her cleanly shaved pussy to my mouth. Using my hands to support her, I slowly licked all around her lips, but never touching them. My tongue worked back toward her ass, and then again to her pussy. Finally, when she was so wet that she began to drip on me I slowly licked into her warm slit. She moaned, and was grinding her hips on my face as I licked faster and faster. She then moved away and positioned herself with over my cock (which was standing straight in the air). With her back to me, she lowered her cleanly shaved pussy to my cock and began to rub her lips on my hard cock head. She moaned and slowly lowered herself on me a little further each time. Finally, I could take it no longer and I slowly pushed upwards on her next down stroke. She let out a cry of delight as my cock pushed all the way into her small, tight pussy. She began to ride me faster and faster. It was all I could do to keep from coming. By now she was crying out with pleasure. I reached my hands around her and began to stroke her clit as she fucked me. And make no mistake, this girl was fucking me!

Now, I never knew exactly when my wife came when we fucked. But today with Kate, I could feel her pussy tighten and quiver as she screamed in ecstasy. She held nothing back as she cried out in pleasure. I could hold on no longer and my cock exploded in her! She kept moaning as she began to slow her motion, and my cock continued to fill her small pussy. Finally, she rose off me and turned to lie on my stomach. We locked in a deep kiss as my hands explored every inch of her small, tight, hard body. 

Suddenly, much to my surprise applause began to break out. Kate rose up on my chest, and we both looked around to find the entire staff, all nude, applauding our efforts. Kate stood up, and taking my hand pulled me up as well. There we stood while the crowd cheered and we took our bows.

Kate stood on her tiptoes to whisper in my ear. “Thanks” she said with a smile “that was everything I dreamed it would be.” I smiled back, “any time, any time!” Robbie came and kissed us both, as she led us to the pool. We dove in, and everyone else joined us in the pool. There I was, frolicking in the water with 10 beautiful young women, 10 very handsome young men, and one beautiful transvestite. All congratulating us with pats, hugs and kisses. Yes, I even found myself astonished that some of the best kisses came from the guys! Finally I found myself standing in front of Robbie, my hands on her ass, my lips pressed to hers. Having worked together for the past few weeks, I realized how strongly I felt for her. Before I knew it, I couldn’t stop myself from saying “I love you.” “Marry me?” she asked quietly. “How about tonight?” I replied. A tear ran down her cheek as she smiled and pulled me to her…

Next up… my wedding night and the conclusion of Club Level Cocktails.