 So it was a typical Friday to end the week at the office. After grabbing a quick bite at home, I decided to check out my local watering hole. Around the corner was a typical roadhouse restaurant frequented by a variety of users. As a bi-male, I had occasionally had some luck at the place and decided a beverage or two was in order to wind down from the week.

After letting my eyes get accustomed to the dim lighting, I noticed a guy that looked familiar sitting at a table near the back on his own, sipping a beer. He looked in my direction and waved me over. I realized then that it was the boyfriend of a good friend of mine from work, Lori. 

Lori was in her late 20's and had been living with this guy, whose name was Frank I recalled, for the last 18 months or so. Lori was extremely hot, a tall woman with a large frame and curves to match. She was big and solid, not overweight. She had a tremendous set of tits that she constantly put on display in tight sweaters and a luscious beach-ball ass that begged for a tongue. She was of Greek descent and had these lovely flowing curls of hair similar to the Greek woman who stars in CSI New York. I constantly pictured her as a dominatrix and had dropped numerous loads thinking about her making me her slave.

I had seen Frank with her a number of times as he had popped by the office on occasion. He was about 6'-3" tall and extremely well-built as well. Lori told me that he used to play football in college and the two of them worked out regularly at their local gym. I had tried discreetly to check him out on those visits to our office and I had very much liked what I had seen and often pictured the two of them together. Now here he was waving me over to join him.

I sat down to his left as he was sitting with his back to the wall facing the main part of the restaurant. My back was to the crowd and I nodded as I sat down. 

"Jon, right?", he said.

"Yes. Hi Frank. Where's Lori tonight?"

"I just finished dropping her at the airport. She's gone to visit her mom for the weekend."

"Oh yes, I remember her mentioning that."

Frank motioned for the waitress and ordered a beer for each of us.

"I'd really prefer a glass of wine," I said.

"No, you'll have a beer," he replied with a tone of voice that meant the decision had been made. "Two beers," he said and the waitress left and returned quickly with our order.

He noticed me looking at him with a certain concern in my eyes.

"I'm gonna come right to the point," he said pausing and looking directly into my eyes. "You like guys right?" he asked and my immediate blushing gave me away. "And.....I've seen the way you look at me when I come by your office. So here's the situation, Lori's away for the weekend and you and I are going to spend some time together. I can tell you like cock and I've got a number of loads ready to give you."

I was initially shocked by his words but already I was getting so turned on by his dominant attitude that I could feel my cock hardening in my pants. Frank slouched back in his chair and took a swig of his beer. He set his glass back on the table and looked back at me.

"You will do what I tell you and not speak unless I ask you a question. I will not hurt you but you will do what I say. If anything gets to be too much for you, just let me know, otherwise I will assume you are in agreement. Is that clear?" he asked. I nodded in his direction as I meekly looked down at the table, totally turned on.

"Good. Now that we've got that clear, you can start by reaching under the table and see what I have for you."

With my back to the rest of the room, no one could see us as I tentatively reached under the table and felt my hands roam across the smooth surface of his well-worn jeans as I worked my way towards his inner thigh. Oh my god, I thought, as I felt the heavy weight of his thickening cock extending down his thigh. This was the biggest cock I'd ever experienced as I let my fingers explore the length of him pressed between his thigh and his pant leg. I could almost feel the heavy heat of it thru his jeans as it extended well down his inner thigh.

"I think its time to get out of here and put that pretty little mouth of yours to good use," he said getting up from the table. I instinctively stood and followed him out of the bar to his pick-up truck. I got in the passenger side as Frank fired up the truck and pulled out into traffic. 

"Here, let's see that mouth of yours," he said as he put his right hand in front of my face and extended his thumb. "Suck on that for awhile," and I moved my lips over and down his thumb. I used a loving suction action that I hoped would please him. I varied my speed up and down and used lots of saliva to make it enjoyable for him. "Aahh, that's good. You're going to do just fine. That's it....nice and wet.....slow and firm.....you're going to get a nice reward soon. I think you'll enjoy taking my cum. When I cum, I cum a lot and you just make sure you don't lose any of it, okay?" I simply nodded as I continued to make love to his thumb with my tongue and lips.

It wasn't long before we pulled into the driveway of the small home he and Lori shared. He pulled his thumb out of my mouth with a little "plop". "Don't worry, you'll get something you like even better in a couple of minutes." I followed Frank into the house which was decorated smartly and followed him towards the back to a large master bedroom with a king-size bed. Frank flicked on the light switch which activated one of the bedside table lamps. Frank kicked off his shoes and socks and flopped himself in an easy chair they had sitting in one corner of the room facing the bed. 

"You can strip now, boy," he instructed. Calling me "boy" just reinforced his control over me. I removed my clothes down to my fitted boxers and stood waiting, somewhat bashful. "All the way, and leave your hands at your sides when you're done." I did as he told me and stood there with my 6" cock kind of at half-mast as I'd been alternating between being turned on and somewhat shy. "Stroke your cock a bit, I want to see what you've got there," Frank said. I took hold of my cock and leisurely stroked it for a minute of so until it was fully hard. "Not bad," said Frank standing up, "Come over here."

I moved over to where Frank stood and his 6'-3" broad-shouldered frame seemed to dwarf my slightly built 5'-7". He pulled the tails of his work shirt out of his pants and gave me my next set of instructions, "You can start by helping me off with this shirt." I started undoing the buttons down the front of his shirt and gradually his muscular chest came into view. A fine layer of dark hair spread out from the center of his chest and the definition of his pecs showed the number of hours he must have spent at the gym. He smelled....well.....manly is the best word I can use to describe it. A little musky, a little sweaty, all man. As I proceeded to finish unbuttoning his shirt and peeling it away from his body, I was able to see his flat, firm stomach and a fine line of hair leading into the top of his jeans. "You like what you see?" he asked. I nodded and looked down shyly. 

"You might want to kneel down for the rest," he said, putting his two hands firmly on my shoulders and pressing down slightly. I got the idea and needed no coaxing, quickly sinking to my knees with my face level with his crotch. I could see his cock extending down the leg of his jeans, at what seemed like more than halfway to his knee! There was a damp spot on his faded jeans where some pre-cum had leaked through.

I unbuckled his wide belt, popped the button at the top of his jeans and drew down his zipper, exposing a nest of dark curly hair at the base of what I could see was a very thick dick. He had gone commando and there was no underwear to get in my way. I pulled the back of his jeans off his nice round firm ass and proceeded to work them down, exposing more and more of his cock. It finally popped fully into view and I just had to stop and marvel at it. Not fully hard but with a beautiful weighty firmness, it was a beauty already at about 8" long and so big around I knew I probably wouldn't be able to close my hand around it. He was cut with a very pronounced ridge around the base of his large mushroom head. Just looking at that I knew my lips would find a nice home locking behind that cockhead. Frank lifted his foot up and I pulled his jeans the rest of the way off. With feet shoulder width apart and his heavy cock starting to lift, I knew I could worship this man all night.

Frank put his hands into my hair on either side of my head. "Time to get to work," he said pulling me towards him. All of a sudden I was struck by a different smell coming from his cock and balls. Very familiar, yet unexpected. He noticed my hesitation. "Yes, that's Lori you smell. We just had time for a quick fuck before I dropped her at the airport. I didn't have time to take a shower. Your first job is to be my cleanup boy, I guess." 

Oh fuck, this was better than I could have ever imagined! The woman I worked with that I had jacked off to many times had just been fucked by this stud a short time ago and her pussy juice was still on his cock. "Get me good and clean before you start to work for your main course," he said as he slumped back into the easy chair and spread his legs wide in invitation. He sat with his ass near the front edge so his enormous cum-filled balls hung over the front edge with his thick cock arcing over top of them towards me, the pisshole glistening with his precum. I didn't need to be asked twice and moved forwards on my knees until I was inches away from his cock. The smell was intoxicating as I extended my tongue and touched his hot cockhead, tasting Lori's sweet juices as well as his manliness. I bathed his cockhead first, feeling it start to enlarge and extend as I lovingly licked him clean. I worked my way down his growing shaft, my lips and tongue busy to get every drop of their combined juices. "Aahh.....that's good, you really know what to do with a cock don't you," he said as he once again took my head in his hands and moved me around his cock and balls where he wanted my services next. I simply "hummed" as a sign of agreement and continued my loving work. 

Once I had thoroughly cleaned his cock and balls, I pulled my head back and just stared at his cock in full erection. The large angry head was glistening with a drop of pre-cum in the piss-slit and the thick shaft was transversed with pulsing veins. A truly powerful thing of beauty. "How...uh...how big is that?" I asked Frank. "Its 10 ½" Frank answered, "do you think you can take it all?" I shuddered at the thought of that monster invading my throat. "I think I'd like to try," I whispered quietly. "Oh, I'll be gentle but you'll be taking it all by the end of the weekend, don't you worry." So it looked like this was going to be more than just a one off blowjob. He seemed to have extended plans for me. Hopefully I was going to get enough cum to keep me satisfied. 

Frank held the back of my head in one hand and with the other hand he guided his cockhead around my face, leaving a trail of his pre-cum on my cheeks. "There now, stick your tongue out and get a little taste," he said as he touched the tip of his cock to my protruding tongue. I savored the taste of his pre-cum, slightly salty and warm. I wanted more and he could tell it by my closed eyes and gentle purring like a kitten with a plate of warm milk.

"That's good, you've got a taste for it now. Get to work on this first load and you'll get a nice thick warm reward. When I cum, don't swallow it right away, I want to see it first." With that he sat back and let me go to work on his throbbing cock. I reached out and with my hand pulled it forward until it was in line with my mouth. I opened my mouth wide and slid the cockhead in, closing my lips behind the ridge. "Ooohh, yeah," Frank moaned as I continued to pleasure him. I swiped my tongue gently all around his large mushroom head, getting used to the size and feel of him in my mouth. This was a powerful cock, I could just feel it in the size and hardness. Hot, hard and smooth at the same time, it was a beautiful weapon of pleasure.

I moved a few tentative inches down the shaft and when I got about halfway, I was at my gag reflex and retreated back to servicing the head. I moved forward again, purring and pressing on the underside of his cock with my tongue. I repeated this over and over, speeding up and then slowing right down with some gentle pressure and lots of saliva to make it nice, hot and slick for him. I could tell he was pleased with my cocksucking abilities by the continuous moans he was making. I was worshipping this cock and its magnificence. I could only take about 5 or 6 inches but this seemed to keep Frank happy at this point. I used both hands on the lower half of his cock, slick from my excess saliva running down from above. "Use you fingernails and lightly scratch around the base of my cock, I like that," Frank instructed. My nails were short but there was a little there and I did as my master instructed. "Oh, that's so good.....yeah.......just like that......yeah.....just keep that up and I'll be cumming soon."

I continued working the top half of his cock with my varied sucking action and using my hands and fingernails on the lower half and base. I noticed his huge balls drawing up closer to his body and knew he was close to feeding me. My own cock had been hard as a rock since we had started and I could tell I would soon want some release but I knew Frank's pleasure came first. 

"Oh, that's it....yeah.....you're going to get that load soon," Frank said as he reached forward and put his hands back on either side of my head. He moved his hands lovingly thru my hair, directing my along his cock. It seemed to grow a little bit harder and bigger with its throbbing warmth and I knew he was close. "Oh yeah.....here it comes......," he moaned. I wanted to make sure I tasted his load and none accidentally went straight down my throat so I backed off until my lips were locked behind the ridge of his cockhead. He gave a slight buck and the first shot jettisoned hard into the back of my mouth. It was quickly followed by another and another. I was filling up with his hot, creamy, thick cum. He twitched and gave off another volley of shots, my mouth rapidly filling up as he kept cumming and cumming. I was unable to hold it all and a little trickled out the corners of my mouth and dropped down my chin onto his cock and his thigh. After about 11 or 12 shots his load of cum started to diminish. My god, I thought, this guy had just fucked his girlfriend awhile ago and he almost drowned me with his cum. My mouth was totally full as he sunk back into the chair with closed eyes and his cock lost a bit of its hardness but still maintained its heavy power. 

His hands coursed thru my hair with gentle caresses, letting me know he was pleased with the work I had done. He opened he eyes and sat up, "Okay, back off now and let me see what you've got there." I slid my mouth off his cock and a few drops slid out onto his cockhead. I looked up adoringly at him and opened my mouth. "Well, you look nice and full." He put his hand on the side of my throat, "Okay, you can swallow now." I closed my mouth and took my first swallow, his cum warm and creamy as it made its way down. I had to swallow three times to get it all down, Frank stroking my throat as his cum made its way to my belly. "Here, let me help you with this," he said has he took his index finger and scooped up the cum that had run out onto my lips and chin. He then put his finger into my mouth and I licked it clean. He repeated this until my face was clean of his load. "It looks like a little got away from you. We can't have that now, can we?" he said as he once again took my head and directed my lips to those drops that had escaped my mouth and dripped onto his cock and thigh. I lovingly licked up every drop. I couldn't believe how much cum he had fed me altogether.

He looked down at my turgid cock and sat back in his chair. "Okay, I think you need another little reward for being such a good little cocksucker. What I want you to do is take my cock back into your mouth, nurse at it while you jack off. I want you to catch your own cum in your hand and then, well, I think you'll know what to do."

I moved forward again and eagerly took his heavy monster back into my mouth and kissed and licked that enormous cockhead. I took my own cock in my hand and started to jerk it off. I was so turned on I knew it wouldn't be long and after about 30 seconds, I had what seemed to be the most powerful orgasm I'd ever had. I pumped about 6 good shots into my other hand while moaning around Frank' cock. As I started to relax Frank sat forward and took my cum-filled hand and held it in front of my face. "There you go, just lick that all up and we'll be ready to move on to round 2 pretty soon." I slurped up my own cum under Frank's watchful eye, not leaving a drop. It wasn't nearly as good as his cum but I was happy, nonetheless. I was looking forward to round 2.