 I had just finished sucking my first load out of Frank and after also licking up my own cum, I was kneeling contently in front of him. "Well, let's grab a shower before round 2," Frank said getting up from his chair.

I followed him into the en-suite bathroom which had a large shower stall with glass panels running from ceiling to the curb at the floor. Gorgeous marble lined the stall. It was one of those ones made for two people with a nozzle at each end. Frank reached in and got the water running and grabbed a couple of big fluffy towels which he hung on hooks on an adjacent wall. "I think that should be warm enough now," he said stepping in. I followed like a little puppy after its master and the warm spray bouncing off Frank's body felt soothing. 

"I noticed you didn't get to drink much of that beer before we left the bar," Frank said facing me. I just nodded. "Well, I think you should try some of it now...," he said as he put his hands on my shoulders and forced me to my knees in front of him. I knew what was coming and had never taken a guy's piss before but had often fantasized about it. Frank took his heavy cock in one hand and pointed it towards my mouth while he put his other hand under my chin and tipped my face up towards him. "Now we'll just take our time on this first one but pretty soon I'll expect you to take all my piss with no hesitation. Now open that pretty little mouth of yours and get ready." I did as he asked and Frank gave his cock a couple of little strokes and held the tip a couple of inches from my open mouth. "Here we go.....," and with that he unleashed a hot heavy stream of piss right into my mouth. It took me a second to get used to the amount entering my mouth so fast and some was already running out and down my chin. I swallowed to try and keep up and was rewarded with a warm comforting feeling as his piss made its way to my stomach. Frank squeezed his cock and the flow stopped. I looked up at him with pleading eyes. "You ready for more?" he asked. I nodded rapidly as he moved slightly forward. "Okay, here you go....." he said as released the next torrent of yellow liquid into my open mouth. I swallowed and swallowed as his piss kept flowing. He backed off and started moving his dick all around, directing his stream all over my face, in my hair and down my chest. It felt hot running down my skin and I knew I was hooked. As his stream diminished he put the head back fully into my mouth and I once again locked my lips behind the ridge as I swallowed the remainder of his piss. I continued to nurse, hoping for more until Frank finally pulled his cock from my mouth. "That's enough for now, don't worry, you can get all you want later. It's time for you to get me ready for your next load of medicine," he said turning back into the spray of the shower. 

I took the bar of soap Frank handed me and started lathering his back. I could feel the latent power of his rippling muscles under his skin. Smooth and firm, I made my way down his back to his bubble-ass. I ran my soap covered hands over those mounds, gripping and rubbing. I delved my hand into his ass-crease as he leaned against the wall of the shower to open himself up to my ministrations. I alternated with both hands in his crack, rubbing gently along the groove and over his puckered anus. "That's good, get that ass nice and clean," he said with a moan. After spending a couple of minutes on his ass, I made my way downward to his strong thighs and down the rest of his legs and massaging the lather into his feet. As I rose, Frank turned around to face me, raising one of his arms. I covered my hands in soap again and moved closer in order to run my hands around his shoulder and upper arm and into his hot moist armpit. I took my time and Frank smiled down at me, "You like that, eh?" I nodded in agreement and smiled up at him as I went about my work. The feel of his muscular arms and body under my fingers was fantastic. I couldn't believe my luck in running into Frank at the bar. I must have finished on that arm to his satisfaction as he lowered that arm and raised the other. I repeated my attentions to his other arm and then made my way across his firm chest and downward to his flat stomach. I re-loaded my hands with soap and made my way gradually downward into his pubic hair as Frank leaned against the wall and let me have my way with him. I used both hands to stroke thru his pubic hair and around the base of his heavy cock. I used my fingernails to scratch lightly at the thick base and this caused another moan of pleasure from Frank. "That's it, you learn quickly what I like," he said as I kept one hand on the base of his cock and moved the other down to cup his tremendous balls and massage them gently as they hung loose in their pouch. They were huge and I couldn't hold both of them in one hand. I noticed his cock was starting to extend out under my lathering and yet the mere size and weight of it was causing it to hang heavily below horizontal. I knew that further attention later would bring it up to its full glory. I then moved my hands one over the other as I lathered the length of that huge cock, being careful not to get any stinging soap into his piss-slit. 

"Oh, that's good," said Frank. "I think we're ready for round 2."

We rinsed off and stepped out of the shower. "Dry me first," said Frank, handing me his towel. I took the towel and devotedly dried him from head to toe before being allowed to dry myself. When I was done Frank returned to the bedroom, leaving me to attend to myself.

When I walked back into the bedroom, Frank had pulled down the duvet and sheets and had propped a couple of pillows at the head of the bed. He was lying propped up on the pillows and as I walked into the room, he parted his muscular legs in invitation. "I think you know where you belong...." I obediently crawled onto the bed and situated myself between his strong thighs, my face inches from his thickening cock. Frank took his heavy cock in his hand and lifted it out of the way, "Get your tongue down there and work on those balls for awhile," he commanded. I eagerly moved forward extending my tongue along the wrinkled surface of those giant orbs. I gently manipulated them one at a time in my mouth, moaning as I did so. I serviced his sack for about ten minutes while Frank slowly stroked his cock. He kind of rolled his hips up and as I backed up a little he said, "I want to feel that nice hot tongue on my asshole for awhile." He lifted his knees to give me further access and I dived in, intoxicated by the warm moist smell of his clean asshole. I lovingly moved my hot slippery tongue and lips around his moist pucker. I pushed gently on the opening and felt Frank relax as my tongue made headway into him. I repeated this a number of times before swirling my tongue slowly around the opening and further along his crack. I returned to his hole and was rewarded by seeing that it was more relaxed. I pushed my tongue in even further and could tell Frank was pleased by his gentle moaning from above. 

He eventually pushed me back and I looked up and noticed that with my tongue-work and Frank's slow stroking, his cock was back up to its full, engorged 10 ½". I shuddered and moved my tongue to the base, swirling and kissing along the entire length until I reached the drooling, glistening drop of pre-cum at the end. I licked this up lovingly and swallowed, anxious for more. Frank once again was running his hands through my hair as I made love to his cock. Working my way downwards as I closed my lips behind the ridge, I was intent on taking more of him than last time. I moved my stretched lips further down his cock, then backed off with a firm swirl on the underside of his dick with my watering tongue. He rewarded me giving me a drooling gob of pre-cum. After swallowing that delicious teaser, I plunged forward again, taking him further into my mouth. I repeated this motion while keeping my hands busy around the base of that thick dick, my thumbs pressing upward on the underside of the base as I moved downwards. I was able to get about 6" in but was worried that Frank would be displeased with me if that was all I could take. Frank seemed to sense my concern and with his hands on my head, he stopped me in mid-suck. "I think we need to work to loosen up that throat of yours. I know just what you need," and with that he swung his leg over my head and stood by the side of the bed.

"Lie on your back and just let your head hang over the side of the bed," he instructed. I did as he asked and looking up I could see that enormous cock looming over my face. Frank took his hand and bent his dick down and drew the dripping end of it around my cheeks, lips and eyes. I could feel it leaving a slick trail wherever he touched me with it. "That's good, I love to see my juice on your face. I'm sure you don't mind. You'll get a full load there before we're thru." I shuddered in anticipation of having my face painted with one of his monster loads. "Now, just open that sweet mouth of yours wide and try and relax that throat." I opened my mouth wide and he moved forward, pushing down on the top of his cock so it lined up with my mouth. His cockhead filled my mouth and he gently moved forward, bringing it to the entrance to my throat. He slowed as I instinctively gave a slight gagging reflex. "That's okay," he said, "We'll just keep moving to this depth for a bit," and with that he slowly withdrew until just the head remained then moved forward again. He got to the same point as last time and then held it there a second longer. He repeated this over and over, each time lasting a little longer at the entrance to my throat. I was getting used to his thick dick being that deep into me and was no longer gagging when he got to that point. "Okay, now I'm just going to go a little deeper this time, so really try and relax that throat," he said as he took his large hands and gently massaged the sides of my neck on the outside of my throat. I felt him adjust his stance and he then started his forward motion, feeding me that tremendous cock. He paused as he hit the entrance and then gently continued forward, lightly stroking my neck at the same time. I concentrated on relaxing my gag reflex and then felt him filling my throat with his huge cockhead. I had done it! He gently backed out, still leaving the mushroom cockhead in my mouth. "That was very good, you took about two more inches that time. I knew you could do it......want to try for the rest?" he asked. I made a nodding motion with my head as I kept his cockhead locked in my mouth.

"Okay, here we go," and with that he moved forward once again, paused at the entrance to my throat once more for a second and then inched his cock deeper. I felt it going further that it had last time, and he kept moving forward, feeding it into me. My throat felt full but unhurt, I knew I must be pleasing Frank with my effort. I felt something different on my face and realized Frank had stopped moving and what I was feeling were his balls resting on my face and eyes. I felt the softness of his pubic hair glancing off my chin. He held his position for a couple of seconds and then retreated back into my mouth. "Well, you got it all, all 10 ½". That is one beautiful throat you have there. Ready for some long-dicking?" Once again I nodded my agreement while swiping up a load of precum with my tongue. He moved forward again as he flexed his hips and this time his dick went right down with no problems. He started a see-sawing motion where he would go right to the bottom of my throat and then pull back until just the tip of his cockhead was touching my lips, then drive it forward once again. He kept this up as I relished the full feeling of his cock touching me so deep within myself. I was generating a lot of saliva to ease the movement of that beauty into me. The slickness was soaking his balls and thus my own face as he continued to pound into my throat. "I'm getting' close, real close," he said as he continued to move his huge, throbbing cock all the way out and then all the way into me. I felt the throbbing on the underside of his huge cock as he moved in one more time to the hilt and held it there, deep in my throat. I felt his cock get even stiffer and fuller and then he mercifully pulled back until just the cockhead remained in my mouth, just as his first jet of cum spewed forth. Again, it was followed by jet after jet of thick, hot, creamy cum. My mouth was filling once again and Frank just kept shooting. I felt my own cock shoot just from taking his load, my own pleasure mixing with his. He continued to shoot, a little less now but still seeping into my mouth after my own climax had finished. His moans from above spurred me on to nurse even more from his spewing cock. He finally finished shooting and a few dribbles made their way into my mouth. Once again some had leaked out of the corners of my mouth and with my head upside down, had run along the sides of my cheeks. 

"Let's see what you've got there," said Frank as he withdrew his cock fully from my mouth. He looked down at my mouth which was practically overflowing with his cum. "That's nice.....I knew you wouldn't want me to deny you the pleasure of tasting it by shooting it directly into your throat. Okay, go ahead and swallow," he said as he once again put his fingers alongside my throat to feel his cum going down. It took me another three swallows to get it all down. I could feel a nice warm coating of his cum in my mouth, throat, all the way down to my stomach as a pleasant feeling of satisfaction and contentment flowed through me. 

"Looks like you missed a little again," he said as he reached out with his fingers and scooped up the remaining cum from my cheeks that had leaked out. He stuck his fingers into my mouth for me to lick clean. After he was finished with my face, he ran his fingers over my stomach and brought the remnants of my own load to my mouth. I licked up every drop which seemed to please Frank. 

"That's good that you got off just on me long-dicking your throat. For a little guy, you came a pretty decent load." 

I had moved back up fully onto the bed and was laying sideways on it recovering from my latest ordeal of pleasure. 

"Well, that's a good start to the weekend. Are you up for more?" he asked. I quickly nodded and smiled. 

"That's good. I think I'd like that tongue of yours back in my asshole for a little while," he said as he crawled onto the bed and put his knees on either side of my body facing my feet. I had a perfect view up into the crease of his ass and his pink little asshole. He slowly lowered himself until I extended my tongue and brushed it across that hot hole. "Oh yeah, that's good. Get that tongue in there," he said, settling down into a comfortable position on top of my face. He rode my face for about 15 minutes as I continued to probe, kiss and lick with my lips and tongue. Frank was stroking his dick once again as I worked on his asshole. I couldn't believe the stamina of this man! He had dumped one load into his girlfriend just few hours ago and then had just finished feeding me two massive loads!

He eventually climbed off of me and settled back leaning against the pillows propped up at the headboard. He drew his knees up and parted his legs once again. He pointed his hard 10 ½" at me and said, "Here you go, I've got something nice for you again." His cock was rock hard from my work on his ass and I moved between his legs. I took the head of his cock into my mouth and it felt like I was back home again, in the place I was meant to be. Frank moved his hands off his cock and directed my head up and down his massive rod. I again used my hands scratching and swirling at the base while I moved up and down on his pulsating cock. After the long-dicking session, I found from this position I was able to take a little more than previously, probably close to 8". I varied the speed of my sucking and then would pull my mouth totally off to lick up and down the sides. Frank continued to moan under my ministrations and he was once again constantly feeding me a drooling mass of precum. I kept this up for about 20 minutes, keeping him just on the edge of orgasm. 

"Okay, I need to cum now," said Frank moving out from under me and kneeling beside me. "Lay down with your head on those pillows," he said and I flipped over on my back and moved up until my head was propped up by one of the pillows. Frank straddled my chest and pushed his cock back down in line with my mouth. He moved his hips forward and fed it to me. He used short, quick strokes as he held the back of head and face-fucked me. I felt the power of this man and his huge throbbing cock as he sawed himself back and forth into my mouth. "OH FUCK.......," he shouted and then I was shocked as he pulled his cock out of my mouth. I looked up just as he wrapped his hand around his cock and rapidly milked it as he pointed it directly at my face while holding onto the top of my head with his other hand. I saw his piss-slit seem to flex and then the first massive shot of cum launched itself onto my face, hitting me just below the eye. It was followed by another gigantic shot which hit me square in the nose and upper lip. Frank continued to pump his cock and direct shot after shot onto my face. The loads from this guy were incredible! Once again, there must have been 8 or 10 big shots of his hot cum covering my face. I was a mess.....but oh so happy. Frank finished by sticking his huge cock back into my mouth for me to finish taking his final drops of cum. I nursed again at that beautiful cockhead which continued to feed me his life-giving juice. He finally pulled back and looked down at me. "You look great with my cum all over you. I can hardly see what you look like. Here, I know where you want that load," he said as he reached over to the side table and grabbed a spoon that was there. He used the spoon to scoop the cum off my face and feed it to me. He repeated this until I had his full load inside me where I wanted it. I loved every drop and licked the spoon clean.

"That's a good boy. You'll do just fine this weekend."

I wondered what Frank had planned for me next...