 I had just finished taking Frank's first load of the morning and then chased it down by swallowing my own load of cum. I sat back on my heels and looked up at Frank wondering what was coming next.

"C'mon with me," he said, getting up from the bed and making his way into the en-suite bathroom. I followed like a little puppy after its master. Frank made his way over to the toilet and raised the lid and seat. 

"Over here," he said, looking back at me while raising his right arm. I made my way beside him and he brought his arm down around my shoulders. I looked down at his now flaccid cock hanging heavy over the toilet bowl. It still glistened from the handjob I had given him just moments ago.

"Now this morning load of piss would be likely strong enough to take your head off..... so.... I want you to just take hold of my cock and make sure it doesn't make a mess."

I reached down with my slippery right hand and wrapped it as far around his cock as I could get it. I lifted his heavy cock slightly and pointed the tip towards the bowl below. Frank relaxed and let loose with a powerful stream of piss that splashed into the bowl. I moved my hand slightly to make sure I had that pounding stream centered and none splashed out onto the floor. I could feel the powerful stream coursing thru his thick dick as he kept pounding his golden water into the bowl, his arm still wrapped around me. It took him awhile to get rid of the beer he had the night before and he was right; he pissed with such force it seemed like it would have taken my head off! His stream finally diminished and I raised it further over the bowl. As it decreased to a gentle trickle, I moved my other hand underneath the head of his cock and cupped it below that enormous cockhead to catch the few remaining drops.

"Thataboy," said Frank, smiling down at me. 

I raised my cupped hand to my face and tipped it up to drink the few drops of yellow nectar I had caught there. I swallowed the little bit of salty, hot piss I been able to catch there. 

"I'm glad you like that," he said as he squeezed his arm around my shoulder. "Now, while I take a shower, I want you to go and get us some breakfast. I think I feel like juice, scrambled eggs with cheese, some bacon, toast and coffee. You should be able to find everything you need in the kitchen. I'll be expecting it when I'm done in here. Now get out of here while I take a crap and hit the shower," he said as he released his arm from around me. 

I spun around and left Frank alone as requested. I grabbed the pink silk robe from the back of the door and made my way to the kitchen. I washed the Vaseline off my hands using a liquid soap in a container next to the kitchen sink. Frank wanted his breakfast when he was done so I guess I'd have to have my shower later. 

I searched the fridge and cupboards and got some coffee going, then got some bacon frying in a pan. I mixed up some eggs, grated some cheese and got a couple of glasses of juice poured and some toast ready to go down. I set a place at the head of the table for Frank and set a place for myself at his side. I finally heard the water shut off in the shower and with the bacon almost done, I dumped the eggs into a second frying pan and mixed in the cheese. While that was cooking I popped down the toast and poured two steaming mugs of coffee. 

I heard the front door open and close and Frank came into the kitchen carrying the morning paper. He had on a thick white terrycloth robe. His dark curly hair was slicked back on his head accentuating his tan. He had just shaved and I could just catch a whiff of his cologne. He looked and smelled good enough to eat! 

He sat down at the table and opened the paper as I loaded up our two plates with our food. 

"Hey, that looks great," he said, taking a slug of juice. "Thanks for doing that." 

He dug into the food like a man low on fuel after dumping six loads into somebody! He seemed pleased as he ate everything in front of him and fortunately I had made a little extra. Hopefully it would help to re-energize Frank for the day ahead. I myself dug in enthusiastically as I was starving after our endeavors of the night before. Frank finally sat back, put his paper down and picked up his mug of coffee.

"I think we need to do a little shopping this morning," he said. "There's a couple of things we need to pick up before I make myself at home in that sweet ass of yours."

I looked up at him with a fearful look in my eyes. 

"What's up?" he asked.

"I'm not sure if I'll be able to take it," I said, nodding towards his crotch where I knew his enormous cock was hidden. "It's so big."

"Oh, you'll do just fine," he said. "That's why we're going shopping first. We'll take our time getting you nice and loosened up. Then you'll be ready to take it all. Anyways....I know it's big...but there are bigger, believe me. I should introduce you to my friend Evan some time."

My eyes seemed to widen in disbelief and this brought a wry smile to Frank's face.

"Now let's get dressed and get moving. We'll swing by your place first. You can shower and change there and grab a bag of clothes and whatever you need for the rest of the weekend."

We made our way back to the bedroom where I quickly donned the clothes I had been wearing last night. I watched as Frank pulled on a clean pair of jeans and a polo shirt that pulled nicely across the firm muscles of his chest. I noticed that Frank once again refrained from wearing any underwear and his huge cock was discernable extending down the inside of his thigh. 

We headed out and I gave Frank the directions to my apartment. As we pulled out into traffic he reached over and took my left hand and brought it to rest on his huge cock nestled quietly against the inside of his right thigh. I wrapped my hand around it and squeezed, and then ran my hand up and down the length of it. I felt it stir under his jeans and started to thicken slightly. I kept up this gentle exploration for the ten minutes it took us to get to my place. Frank seemed comfortable at this point just having my hand warming his cock. 

He followed me into my place and I heard him turn on the TV as made my way into my bedroom, shucked my clothes and hit the bathroom. I turned on the shower to heat up and relieved myself. There's nothing like "home-field advantage" when it comes to taking a shit. I wanted to clean myself out as much as possible knowing that Frank had plans for invading my ass in the near future. When I was done I hurried through my shower, put on some fresh clothes, and packed a small overnight bag with some extra clothes and toiletries. When I came out he was watching a sports channel again and drinking a glass of ice water. 

"I hope you don't mind that I got a drink. You ran out of ice so I filled up your tray for you," he said pointing towards the fridge.

"Oh great, thanks," I replied, anxious to go.

We left my place and when we were once again back in Frank's truck I reached over without being told and ran my fingertips along the length of his cock. I could feel the heat of it right thru his jeans! 

Frank continued to a little out of the way store in a strip plaza in a nice part of town. I had heard about the store but had never been there myself. It was considered to be a "high-end" sex shop, where people with money did their shopping for "interesting" toys and clothing. The front of the store was very subdued and inconspicuous with dark curtains over the few windows fronting the street. Frank hopped out of his truck and I followed him into the store.

At this time on a Saturday morning, we were the only ones in the store. As we made our way further into the shop, a woman came around the counter and made her way towards us. She was absolutely stunning! She was tall, around 5'-10", with shoulder-length blonde hair cut in very stylish fashion. She wore a crisp, white, French-cut blouse which hugged nicely across a nice full set of tits. A tight, form-fitting charcoal skirt came to mid-thigh. Her gorgeous long legs were clad in white nylons that ended in black 4" stiletto pumps. As she swayed towards us like a model on a catwalk, you could tell that she was a little older, probably around 40. This woman just oozed "class". I noticed her looking at Frank admirably as she approached us.

"Hi, I'm Claudia," she said, extending her hand to Frank. Frank shook her hand.

"I'm Frank.....and this is my boy, Jon," he said nodding in my direction.

She looked over at me questioningly as I started to blush and simply nodded in her direction. She must have thought it peculiar that Frank had referred to me as "my boy", especially since being in my mid-thirties, I was a few years older than him.

"I need a few things to help Jon here....how should I say this....realize his potential," said Frank, pointing to a wall with a display of various sizes and shapes of dildos and vibrators. I felt myself turning a darker color or crimson.

"Uh, you guys are screwing with me, right?" Claudia said.

"What do you mean?" responded Frank.

"This "my boy" stuff. You're just yanking my chain."

"No.....we're not screwing with you. He'll do whatever I tell him to do."

"What?....No....You're just kidding me!" Claudia responded with a smile on her face.

"Want a little demonstration?" Frank said. "Why don't you just put up the "Closed" sign for a little while? I'm sure you have a back room or washroom here."

Claudia hesitated for a moment and then looked from Frank over to me and then back to Frank.

"All right," she said as she flicked the wall switch controlling the OPEN/CLOSED sign and then walked over and locked the front door. "The washroom's this way."

I watched the sway of her succulent ass under that tight skirt as she led us to a room in the back. It was a large washroom for employee use only. It had a large vanity extending the length of one end of the room. She closed the door behind the three of us and stood with her back leaning against it, arms folded across her chest.

"Okay, let's see," she said smugly.

Frank looked directly at me and nodded towards the floor in front of him. "You know where you need to be." 

I stepped in front of him and dropped to my knees as he stood with hands on his hips, his feet shoulder width apart. I reached up and undid his belt, popped the button on his jeans and drew down his zipper. I reached in and circled my hand around the thick base of his cock. I drew it up and out of the opening of his jeans until it flopped heavily down in front of my face.

"Oh fuck," said Claudia as she took in the size of Frank's thick, heavy cock. 

I wrapped my lips around the head of his cock and moved forwards past the protruding ridge and about halfway down the shaft. I backed off and she was able to see my glistening saliva coating his shaft. I moved forward again and felt the shaft start to thicken under my swirling tongue. He put both hands on my head and moved my mouth along his stiffening cock. As I slid my mouth further down his thickening shaft, I heard Frank let out a moan of pleasure from above me. After just a couple of minutes of my oral attention, his cock had achieved its full 10 ½". I pulled fully off and it snapped up to bounce off his stomach and point directly upwards. I reached behind Frank and pulled the back of his jeans off his ass and down to mid-thigh. This released his heavy balls to hang freely in their pouch.

I glanced over at Claudia and saw her staring wide-eyed at Frank's tremendous cock now fully on display. Her tongue flicked out to run over her lips and I could see her pert nipples pushing against the cups of her bra right through her blouse. Her one hand had gone to the opening at the top of her blouse and she stroked her fingers delicately along her soft throat.

Frank pushed down on the top of his rigid cock and pointed it downwards towards my waiting mouth.

"Okay....all the way now," he said adjusting his stance and leaning forward. 

I tipped up the angle of my head as Frank fed his cock into the back of my mouth. Once I had locked my lips behind the ridge, he put his hands back in my hair and continued his downward assault. I relaxed my throat as he flexed his hips and drove his cock down my throat. I felt that wonderful feeling of fullness in my throat I was getting to love so much. He continued feeding it to me until I felt my tightly-stretched lips anchor themselves against his body at the base of his cock.

"OH MY GOD!" Claudia said as she moved towards us. She seemed mesmerized by the display going on in front of her.

Frank withdrew back into my mouth and I took a deep breath as he once again plunged to the hilt in my throat. He repeated this a couple of more times before pulling back until just the head remained in my mouth. 

"Care to give me a hand?" he said to Claudia who had appeared at his side. 

I saw the crimson-painted nails of her long fingers gleam in the light as she tentatively reached out and wrapped her hand as far around Frank's cock as she could get it. I reached my hand underneath hers and hefted his massive balls and rolled them gently in the palm of my hand. She moved her hand downwards at the same time as I moved my mouth forward, the circle created by her thumb and forefinger bumping softly against my lips. We both retreated and then came together again as we maintained a uniform rhythm of sucking and stroking of his huge, pulsating cock. I tasted a few drops of his warm creamy pre-cum slide onto my tongue as she milked it into me. 

I could hear her ragged breathing above me and looking up I saw Frank wrap his arm around her shoulder and pull her against him. His mouth sought hers and I saw his open mouth meet hers in a deep, searing kiss. She emitted a low moan of pleasure. As he continued kissing her, I saw his hand reach up and start to open the buttons down the front of her blouse, exposing her full, firm breasts encased in a lacy white underwire bra. Her deep cleavage created an inviting shadow between her two firm mounds.

"I NEED this cock in me," she gasped as she pulled her mouth away from Frank.

Frank literally picked her up and set her on the edge of the vanity beside the sink. With her blouse wide open at this point, he pushed her tight skirt up to her waist and her legs drifted apart. The tops of her stockings and the creaminess of her smooth inner thighs came into view. She leaned back on both of her arms as Frank reached between her legs and I saw her jerk slightly and I heard a tearing sound as Frank came away with her silky white panties in his hand and dropped them on the floor next to me. 

"C'mere boy," he said looking down at me. "Get her ready....."

I crawled between her spread thighs on my knees until my face was inches away from her glistening pussy. I didn't know how much more "ready" she needed to be.....she was soaked! I paused to breathe in the smell emanating from her moist sex. It was a beautiful, intoxicating fragrance of pure womanhood. I moved forward and extended my tongue to run quickly over the full pouting lips of her clean-shaven pussy. She let out a moan of pleasure as I delved deeper between her lips to lap up the creamy juices gathered there. I noticed that the protruding hood of her clitoris seemed engorged with need so I wrapped my lips around her clit and massaged it with my tongue. As I used a gentle sucking pressure she let out a deep groan of pleasure.

I noticed that as Frank stood beside me he continued to kiss her deeply as he cupped her full breasts still encased in her bra. She had her hand wrapped around his thick cock, stroking it. Frank pulled his mouth away from hers and looked down at my mouth glued to her steaming pussy.

"That's good," he said as he moved towards my position between her legs. 

I moved to the side and watched as she guided the head of his tremendous cock to the opening between her glistening pussy lips. She moved the head around her outer lips, covering it with her slick juices to help ease its way deep into her. She finally moved it directly into her opening and with her lips starting to stretch around that massive cockhead, Frank flexed his hips and drove about four inches into her.

"OH MY GOD....." she groaned as she leaned back on her hands.

Frank withdrew until just the tip of his cock remained within her and then drove it into her again. She groaned as she took a few more inches on this second thrust. He repeated this again and she took another inch, her glistening pussy lips stretched around the massive girth of his cock. He withdrew one more time and paused.

"Here we go," he said as he moved forward with a slow consistent pressure. I watched as inch after thick inch disappeared from view as it made its way deep inside her. She seemed to go rigid and she closed her eyes as he slowly fed every inch into her. He finally stopped when he his groin was pressed flat against her, his cock as far into her as it could go. She wrapped her legs behind his back, her black pumps locking over his luscious ass as she gasped for breath. Frank withdrew all but a couple of inches and then flexed his hips forward to once again drive himself into her slick depths. She became a moaning, twitching rag-doll impaled on his rigid pole. Her breath was ragged and with her shirt hanging open, I could see a fine sheen of perspiration on the upper slopes of her full breasts and on the smoothness of her taut stomach above the waistband of her skirt.

"Get your hand in there around the base," directed Frank as he looked down at me. "You know what to do."

I shuffled over on my knees and reached up and under from behind his spread legs. I felt the wetness on his bag as her juices had run down his cock to coat him with her scent. I wrapped my fingers around the thick base of his cock and felt my hand bump into the soft slick tissues of her sex as Frank continued to pound into her. I gave it a firm squeeze and then took my fingernails and scratched around the taut skin at the base of his cock as I knew he liked.

"Oh yeah....that's it," he moaned. "Just keep doing that."

I kept up my gentle scratching as I cupped his huge balls with my other hand. I felt them starting to draw up in his pouch as he approached his orgasm.

Claudia was a sweating, moaning, twitching mass by this time. She took a few quick breaths as Frank plunged his thick cock deep within her. Her whole body then seemed to go rigid as she started to shake through a tremendous orgasm.

"OH FUCK!.........THAT'S SO GOOD!" she moaned as she continued to twitch and buck.

As soon as she started Frank let out his usual low growl as he started to pump his hot seed deep into her. I kept up my manipulations around the base of his cock and could feel it throbbing as he sent jet after jet of his thick cum into her. He continued to pour it into her as she finally started to come back from the brink of her earth-shattering orgasm. For a full minute I felt him spew forth his cum as he thrust into her depths until he finally had shot the last of his load. Frank held still with all 10 ½" of his cock within her.

"Oh god......I've never been fucked like that before," she said as she regained her breath. "It's so big and thick.....I've never felt so filled up in my life."

Frank withdrew his deflating cock from her pussy and with his hands brought her legs together. 

"Just keep those like that for a minute," he told her. 

He turned sideways and held out his thick cock towards me. He didn't need to give me any instructions as I moved instantly forward, extending my tongue to lick up their combined juices off his glistening cock. It tasted warm and sweet as I made my way along the length of his cock, licking thoroughly to get every tangy morsel. I tucked my head underneath his cock to run my tongue along the surface of his bag, cleaning up every bit of their juices until all that was left was my gleaming trail of saliva. Once I had finished there I sat back and Frank dropped the end of his cock full into my mouth and I was able to draw out the last couple of drops of his cum. He stepped away and motioned towards Claudia.
