 We arrived back at Lori and Frank's place after our shopping excursion that had taken us to Claudia's store. My own cock had been hard soon after she showed us into the back room. Servicing Claudia and Frank had been a fantastic turn on for me. My cock had been rock-hard in my pants during the whole episode and both she and Frank had been satisfied but it took most of the ride home for the hardness of my dick to subside. I didn't mind, if that's what Frank wanted, I was eager to please.

Frank only spoke once on the way home, "You were pretty good in there, kid. I'm proud of you. It's nice to see that mouth of yours is as good on a pussy as it is on a cock. I just might have to mention that to Lori," he said flashing me a wry smile. 

I started to think about what might happen if Frank spoke to Lori about me. To have a chance to service Lori would be like a dream come true for me. I had whacked off thinking about her so many times in all kinds of scenarios, most of them picturing her dominating me. To use my mouth on her would just about be the ultimate. Claudia was absolutely beautiful, but Lori was someone I could thoroughly worship, just as I was doing with Frank now. The idea of the possibility of being with both of them at the same time was almost too good to think about! 

I followed Frank into the house and he reached into the "bag of goodies" we had received from Claudia. He handed a package to me.

"Here you go boy. I want you to take that enema kit into the bathroom and use it twice. Not just once....twice! I want you absolutely clean before I slip into that hot ass of yours. Take your time and make sure you do a good job. Then take a shower when you're done."

He nodded in the direction of the bedroom so I knew he wanted me to use the en-suite shower we had used last night. My hands were shaking as I took the package from him and headed towards the bathroom. The time was coming soon when I would be taking Frank's monstrous cock into my ass. I had oral sex with guys before but I had never had anyone in my ass. I had often fantasized about it and had hoped I would have the chance to try it. I guess today was that day and fortunately I had met someone like Frank who was eager to take my "virginity". The idea of having to take that 10 ½" weapon deep within my ass was overwhelming, to say the least. I only hoped he didn't tear me in two with that huge monster!

As I started to take off my clothes in the bathroom, I noticed the bunched up panties of Claudia's that Frank had torn off her and she had eventually stuffed into my pocket. I withdrew the white silky fabric from my pocket and brought it to my face. They had been sopping with her pussy juices prior to Frank fucking her and I could still feel the dampness on them. I inhaled deeply her womanly scent and ran my tongue over the gusset across the cooling remnants of her juices that still soaked that area. I felt my cock start to spring to life again. Although I would have liked to whack off a load while sucking on her panties, I didn't want to disappoint Frank so I stuffed them back in my pants pocket and got rid of the rest of my clothes. 

As I opened the bad containing the enema kit, I noticed a business card stuck in the side of the bag. It was from Claudia's store and had the store logo and information on the front. I flipped it over and there was some handwriting on the back, "Jon, I'd like to use that mouth and tongue of yours again. Call me.....Claudia," followed by a phone number. Oh man....this was turning into the weekend of my life! My cock lurched as I read the writing again..... "Call me.....Claudia." Wow! First meeting up with Frank and now the possibility of another session with Claudia! I slipped the business card into my pocket. 

I read the instructions on the enema kit and filled the bag with hot soapy water and inserted the nozzle into my rear end. I released the liquid and felt it run slowly into me. I tried to relax as it continued to fill me. Eventually the bag emptied and I held it within me for as long as I could. When I felt I could hold it no longer, I released it all noisily into the toilet. I'd had a good shit when we had stopped at my place awhile ago but I wanted to make sure I was thoroughly clean as Frank wanted. I refilled the back as instructed and once again allowed the warm soapy liquid to flow into me. I maintained it within me as it cleansed. I finally could wait no longer and expelled it again into the toilet. Looking down I could see that the soapy water was relatively clear. I felt I was as clean inside as I could get. 

I opened the large glass door of the double shower stall and turned on the water. It didn't take long to heat up and I entered the stall and ducked my head under the stinging spray, letting it wash any last remnants of Claudia and Frank's dried juices off my face. I heard the shower door open and looked around to see Frank enter the stall with me. He turned on the second shower head at the opposite end. Soon the combined sprays from each head were meeting in the center of the stall and with the dual heads, nobody had to stand in the "cold" spot. I don't know why they hadn't thought of these things earlier!

I felt a hard stinging slap on my ass and snapped my head around to see a smile appear on Frank's face as he looked down at the spot on the cheek of my ass that was starting to turn red. 

"That's going to be my ass soon," he said as he used his large palm to take a second slap at the other cheek. He did it hard enough to give a slight sting, but not hard enough to hurt. 

"Here, let me get that sweet ass cleaned up for you," he said as he turned me to face the wall. As he towered over me, I saw him reach for the soap as I felt the soothing stinging spray from the shower head beat down upon me. I then felt his large hands take a grip of my ass cheeks and give a firm squeeze. He moved his hands all around my ass, working up a good lather that allowed his hands to slide freely over my cheeks. They still felt hot from his previous slaps and he continued to caress them with his large, meaty hands. His large hands felt wonderful as they made their way around my ass. He re-loaded with soap and then I felt him slide his index finger along the crease of my ass. I felt one of his hands press against my upper back.

"Just lean forward a little and spread your feet a bit," he instructed. 

I put my arms up on the wall in front of me and leaned forward while spreading my feet about shoulder-width apart.

"Thataboy," said Frank as he replaced both his hands on my ass. I felt his index finger slide further into my crack as he made his way from the top of my ass down towards my hot pink hole. He added another finger alongside the first one and now was sawing the side of his soapy hand along the crevice of my ass. He kept this up for a few minutes until I was thoroughly lathered with bubbling soap. He slid his hand deep along the lower part of my ass and then he paused with one large soapy finger directly over my hole. He rotated it around the hole for about a minute before applying a gentle pressure directly on it. I was ecstatically enjoying the glorious feeling of Frank's hands upon me. I concentrated on relaxing my sphincter as he continued to apply some gentle pressure against my hole with his slick middle finger. I felt it start to penetrate into me and then it popped in to the first knuckle. He held it there for only a second and then pushed it in all the way. I let out a low moan as he twirled his large finger inside me. He sawed it back and forth and he continued to add some pressure to the outside of my tight anal ring as me moved his finger within me. He withdrew his finger to rest against my yearning hole and I soon felt a second finger as he added his index finger alongside his middle finger. He pushed against my yielding hole with the two fingertips side by side.

The shower continued to beat down upon us as he gently made headway with his two fingers into my ass. As I relaxed he continued his firm inward motion until both fingers had made there way fully into me. He kept them there and spread them slightly, adding more outward pressure to help get my hole used to the tremendous girth that would be coming soon. He withdrew his fingers fully from my hole and then rapidly moved them in once again. It was easier this time and I was becoming more relaxed under his guiding hands.

"You're coming along just fine," he said as he withdrew has hands from my ass and spun me around to face him. 

"My guess would be that you liked that," he said nodding in the direction of my rigid 6" cock pointing up towards him. We both watched as drooling gob of precum oozed out of my piss-hole and slid down the underside of my shaft. Yes, no doubt about it, I had liked it.....very much!

"Now, get those hands of yours nice and soapy and clean the rest of that sweet Claudia off my cock before it makes its way into you," he said as he passed me the soap. 

I worked up a generous lather on both hands before setting the soap aside. I moved forward as I reached for his heavy, thick cock. I took it lovingly in my hands and Frank heard me sigh in pleasure as I felt the weight of his enormous member. Under my foamy caressing hands, his cock started to come to life again. I ran my fingertips along the length of it, cleaning it from top to bottom. I again reached under his cock with one soapy hand to caress his low-hanging balls. 

Frank moved closer to me and our cocks came together under my lathered hands. As I looked down, his huge dick seemed to dwarf my own 6", and he wasn't even fully hard yet! I felt his large hands grip the cheeks of my ass and pull me towards him. As I looked up at him, he was looking down at me with a look of sensual pleasure in his hooded eyes. He moved his open mouth down towards mine as I turned my own mouth up to meet him. I closed my eyes as he pressed his hot open mouth against mine. His thick tongue made its way into my mouth. I pressed my own tongue back against his and he drew it into his own mouth before forcing his tongue back into mine and exploring the depths of my mouth. As he pulled away, I gasped for breath. I had never been kissed like that before. There was nothing girly about it. It was a firm, manly kiss that almost had me swooning. I could feel another surge in my cock as it emitted another drop of glistening precum.

"Keep those hands going," he said as he brought his mouth down hard on mine again. I wrapped both of my hands around our combined cocks, with my smaller one lying along the underside of his tremendous monster. I slid my hands along our two cocks, my own practically hidden from view under Frank's engorged member. It had once again come back to its full rearing 10 ½".

I responded to his kiss again as I continued moving my soapy hands. Frank moaned into my mouth as we dueled with our tongues. He continued to cup my ass and pull me against him as he flipped his head to the other side and kissed me hard again. I was getting carried away with the pleasure of it and started to move my hands more quickly along the lengths of our cocks. Frank pulled his mouth away from mine and reached down with one hand to take hold of my wrist. I looked up at him questioningly.

"I think it's time," he said, moving away from me into the spray of the shower. He quickly rinsed off and left the shower before me. I moved under the spray at my end and rinsed the rest of the lather off. I dried myself thoroughly and made my way into the bedroom. 

Frank had pulled the covers off the bed and was standing near the foot of it. His cock had lost a little of it full hardness but hung heavy and thick straight out in front of him. I looked enviously at a large drop of precum hanging from the end of his cock.

"Now you just make yourself nice and comfortable on your hands and knees there," he said pointing to the bed. "Just keep your ass down near this end for now."

I crawled onto the bed in anticipation. I was so nervous, I couldn't believe it. Frank must have sensed my trepidation as I felt his large hand soothingly caress the small of my back. 

"Just relax now......you're going to love this. You do want to be my boy, don't you?" It was more of a statement than a question. I nodded my head in agreement. 

Frank reached his right hand into the jar of Vaseline and coated his fingers.

"I know this is a little messier than other lubricants, but I like it better. It even smells better," he said. I looked back at the jar and read the label; "Vaseline -- Baby Fresh Scent". It seemed so ironic that a big guy like Frank had picked a product that was labeled "Baby Fresh Scent". It just made me love him even more. After our exertions of the last day, I was already coming to love the fresh scent of it too. I knew the smell of it would always remind me of sex and Frank.

He stood at the end of the bed behind me and with his left hand on the cheeks of my ass, took his right hand and rubbed his glistening fingers over my moist pink hole. After our initial session in the shower, it was easier for him now as he inserted his middle finger fully into me. He twirled it around within me, then sawed it back and forth. He added the second finger again and repeated his manipulations, all the time gently encouraging me with words of praise. 

"That's good......just relax now....oh yeah......your ass is nice and hot..." His words reassured me and I was feeling comfortable and relaxed as he worked on my ass. 

He kept working his fingers gingerly in my ass; rotating, sawing back and forth and stretching for about ten minutes as I continued to relax and become accustomed to the new feelings within me. He withdrew his fingers and reached down to pull out a rubber dildo we had gotten from Claudia. It was about 7" in length but only about half as big around as Frank's cock. He greased it up and rubbed the flared head around my puckered pink opening. I felt him start to apply pressure.....

"Here we go," he said as the head of the rubber cock slipped into me. I felt my ass close around the head of it and Frank paused for a second before moving more of it into me. I felt it start to fill me, the head going beyond the depths he had previously plumbed with his fingers. I let out a low moan as it made headway into me. He kept up a firm consistent forward motion until I felt him stop. I took a few quick breaths as I felt the sweat popping out on my brow. I felt full and good, but fortunately no pain. Frank slowly withdrew it until only the head remained within me. He moved it forward again with a slight twist and I moaned in pleasure again as it touched something deep within me. I knew he must have brushed it across my prostate and I almost passed out from the intense pleasure. My cock had become rock hard beneath me. Frank continued feeding the rubber cock back and forth into me as I became accustomed to the extra size. After a few minutes I felt him push it fully into me and the handle portion was pressed tightly up against me.

"Just squeeze down and hold onto that," said Frank as he quickly climbed onto the bed and kneeled in front of me, his heavy cock inches from my waiting mouth. I knew it was time to bring him back to full hardness. He wrapped one hand around his cock and put the other one on my head. He drew the dripping end across my lips and my tongue flicked out to taste his slippery precum. I opened wide and leaned forward, taking the head completely in my mouth. He took his hand off the lengthening shaft of his cock and placed both hands on my head. He started to saw his cock back and forth in my mouth as I felt it thicken even further. It felt like it was pushing me backwards as it lengthened to its full 10 ½". He took about three deep plunges filling my throat and then pulled completely out. A glistening trail of saliva bridged the gap between my lips and his cock and as he withdrew further, finally snapping and hanging as a shiny drop from the end of his magnificent cock, now standing as a rock hard pillar.

"Move up and hang onto the headboard," Frank said as he scooted out from in front of me. I shuffled forward on my knees, being careful to clamp down on the rubber cock filling my ass. I grabbed onto the rails of the headboard as Frank took his position on his knees behind me. He reached down and grabbed some extra lube and quickly greased up his rampant cock. I felt him withdrawing the dildo slowly from my gripping ass. I started to feel empty as I was rapidly getting used to the sexy feeling of having my ass filled. I knew that he would soon be filling that empty void with the full length of his manhood. I only prayed that I could take it.

Frank set the dildo aside and I felt him adjust his position behind me and then felt a large pressure against my slick pink hole. I knew the moment had come for me to take his cock and I concentrated on relaxing my hole as much as possible. Frank flexed his hips and I felt the head start to make its way into me. I was feeling my hole stretch and stretch and I was afraid it was going to tear and then I felt it snap back a bit. I took a sharp intake of breath as I suddenly realized he had managed to get the complete monstrous head inside me. The lips of my ass locked down behind the huge flared ridge. 

"Oowwwwwww!" I gasped as I shuttered beneath him. The pain had been intense but I knew now that the worst part of the initial entry was past. He held still and let me get used to the feeling of that tremendous cockhead stretching my insides.

"You're doing just great boy," he said as he put both hands firmly on my hips. He paused as I regained my breath. "Ready for more?"

I nodded and felt the beads of sweat run down my back. I urged myself to relax again and felt Frank adjust his knees closer to me. He used his usual firm, consistent forward motion as he fed inch after thick inch into my waiting ass. I felt my inner tissues stretching under the onslaught of his huge weapon. The pain in my stretched ass was increasing as he continued to slowly drive his menacing cock deeper into me. I gritted my teeth and concentrated on relaxing the muscles lining my ass as much as possible. I looked down and saw my own rampant member pointing directly towards my face, a drop of pre-cum oozing from my piss-slit. Beyond that I could see Frank's huge balls hanging freely behind mine.

He paused with his cock about halfway into me and then I felt him flex his cock to push harder against the lining of my ass over my prostate. A wave of pleasure coursed through me. He withdrew about two inches and then said, "Okay......here we go," and then flexed his hips and slowly drove it back into me. He continued past the point he had stopped at previously and I felt a tremendous rush as the huge flared ridge rubbed against my prostrate once again. 

"OH GOD!" I shouted, both from the pleasure and the pain. Frank continued moving forward as thick after thick inch made its way deeper into me. I felt like I was totally impaled on that rock-hard pillar of flesh. I had gone totally rigid as he continued his anal assault. Frank gave one final thrust and I felt his body slam up against the cheeks of my ass.

"Owww........" I let out a continuous moan as he held his place firmly against me with his full 10 ½" buried inside. I was totally filled with his cock! I couldn't believe I'd been able to take it all into me.

"Now just take a breath," said Frank from behind me. I realized I'd been holding my breath during his final assault. I let it out slowly and then drew in a deep cooling breath of air. A relaxing wave ran through me and I was able to realize that I was okay.....I hadn't been torn in two. I was starting to feel the pleasure of being completely possessed by Frank as his huge cock filled that void within me.

"That's my boy," praised Frank, "you've got it all. Your ass feels nice and hot and tight......Just perfect." I felt him start to withdraw and the tissues of my ravaged ass fought to retain their grip on his gnarled shaft. He pulled about halfway back and then plunged forward again, all the way to the hilt, his flat stomach tight against my ass.
