 Frank placed the phone back in the cradle and I was shaking as I realized Lori knew all about us. Frank had flat out told her that he had fucked me twice and fed me other loads besides those two. And she hadn't been at all upset!!!! Obviously I knew nothing about their relationship or any understanding they had between them regarding their sexual activity. I could only think that Lori knew that Frank's huge sexual thirst needed constant quenching. It made me wonder if she had similar tendencies! From their conversation I could tell that she had talked to Frank about me previously and must have discussed that she thought I was "there for the taking". Frank happened to see me at the bar and took it upon himself to check out their theories. Thank God!!!!!

I wondered how things would be between Lori and me at the office when she got back. She was our youngest account manager with her own office while I just worked in a cubicle area with a number of others. She and I had always gotten along well as she treated all of us as simply peers; she never pressed her position of authority over us that some others may have. For that, we respected her even more. I was both excited and scared at the same time to think how things would go when I saw her on Monday.

"Oh fuck, look at these sheets!" I was snapped out of my thoughts as Frank pointed down at the sheets beneath us. There were splatters of cum everywhere! A lot of it was mine from where my cock had sprayed below me as I'd been on my hands and knees for these last two fuck sessions. Other drops that appeared to be more dry had come from both of us at various points in the last day. Man, CSI would have a field day if they came in here with one of those cum-detecting devices of theirs!

"I want you to strip this bed and put the sheets in the washing machine," Frank instructed. "You'll find clean sheets in the linen closet in the hall. Be quick about that and then meet me in the shower. But first, stick that tongue out for a second." 

I stuck my tongue out as requested as I continued to kneel before him, my face next to his now flaccid cock. He lifted the heavy weight of it in his hand and rubbed the end of his dick right on the very tip of my tongue. I teasingly wiggled the tip into his gaping piss-hole and pressed against the tender tissues there.

"I'm glad you love that cock so much," he said. "Anytime I call for that mouth or ass of yours, I expect you to be there, right?" Again, it was almost a rhetorical question. I quickly nodded as he slid the head fully into my mouth. I swirled my tongue around to completely bathe the spongy head.

"Okay, that's enough for now," Frank said as he gave me a soft tap on the side of my head. "Get this bed in shape. I want to take a nap after my shower." He made his way into the bathroom as I lovingly watched the firm muscles of his back and incredible ass move enticingly beneath his skin.

I quickly set about stripping the bed and donned the pink silk robe from the back of the door once again. I made my way thru the house and located the washing machine in the laundry room between the kitchen and the attached garage. I got the machine going, and as I started to stuff the sheets into the machine, I noticed one larger milky dollop of cum clinging to the sheets. This one had been big enough not to be fully absorbed at this point. I drew it under my nose and inhaled deeply. The musky smell invaded my senses and I closed my eyes with pleasure as I extended my tongue and lapped up the cooling mass. Ummmmm.....it was definitely a drop of Frank's cum. I could already identify the distinct flavor of his potent cream. I swallowed and continued lapping at the sheet until I had removed every last morsel from that spot. 

I quickly stuffed the sheets into the machine and then moved briskly back to the bedroom area and grabbed some clean sheets from the linen closet off the hallway. I made up the bed, adjusted the pillows, smoothed out the covers and then turned them down on Frank's side.

I hooked the robe on the back of the door and as I entered the bathroom, I could see Frank clearly through the glass walls of the shower. He had his back to the steaming spray and his head was thrown back as he was running his shampoo-lathered hands through his thick hair. His stance with both arms raised above him drew extra attention to his defined muscular torso. As he manipulated his hands through his hair, I could see the muscles rippling along his arms, biceps and shoulders. The lather ran enticingly down across his firm pronounced pecs and slid across the muscular six-pack of his taut stomach now fully on display. My eyes followed the lather trail downwards as it traveled through the nest of pubic hair at the base of his thick cock, then made its way along the surface of his heavy flaccid dick hanging majestically over his low-slung balls. The lather ran off the end of his cock to fall to the floor of the shower below. The creamy milkiness of it reminded me of the loads of cum he had blissfully rained down upon me in the last day.

I entered the shower and started the spray from the nozzle at the opposite end. Frank noticed my entrance but continued to lather and rinse his hair. I could see the remnants of the lubricant glistening on his groin area so I lathered my hands thoroughly with the soap and ran my slippery fingers across his taut abdomen. 

"That's good kid," said Frank as he nodded down towards my busy hands. "I washed up here but figured you'd want me to leave that part for you."

I took both of my hands and used the soapy lather to wash away the bits of Vaseline smeared on his lower stomach. I then used my fingernails on each hand and scratched downwards on his slick abdomen and into his pubic hair. I kept swirling my fingers thru his curly hair as I scratched around the base of his cock. Frank let out a soft moan as my nails made their way around the base of his heavy cock. After that area was thoroughly clean, I re-lathered my hands and placed both hands around the girth of his thick cock. I slid them along the full length of that monster as the steaming water splashed down against us. 

"Oh....," Frank moaned, "That's good kid. You might want to take a closer look."

I kept my slick hands wrapped around his heavy, spongy cock but dropped to my knees. I continued to slide my soapy hands back and forth as Frank adjusted his stance slightly. I felt something seem to move within his cock and then saw his piss-slit flex open and the initial blast of his hot, acrid piss burst forth to splash against my chest. It felt soothing as his golden stream continued to pound against me and run down my body before swirling into the drain of the shower floor. It felt like this was Frank's way of "marking his territory" and I had no objections. I used my grip on his shaft to direct the stream all around my chest. I then raised it slightly and opened my mouth until I felt it splash against my chin and then the hot, salty liquid flowed directly into my mouth. I took a single mouthful and then lowered his shaft until his piss flowed over my chest once again. I swirled the steaming liquid around inside my mouth before swallowing. The hot saltiness coursed down my throat before settling in my stomach. I felt the power of his stream diminish as his piss continued to cascade down my stomach and over my cock and balls. The final drops fell to the shower floor as I extended my tongue and licked off the final morsel of golden nectar from the end of his cock.

"Now that's my little golden boy," said Frank as he reached down and comfortingly rubbed my head. "Now let's finish in here and get a little sleep. I'm not done with you yet today." 

Frank turned into the spray at his end of the shower and I did likewise at my end. He finished before me and left me to languish under the stinging spray as he toweled off and went back to the bedroom. I washed myself thoroughly, rinsed and dried off with one of their thick plush towels. I then took a moment to brush my teeth as I could taste the aroma of his cum and piss on my breath. If I was going to be sleeping next to Frank, I wanted to make sure I didn't annoy him in any way. 

Frank was already under the clean sheets as I made my way into the bed next to him. The curtains had remained drawn all day and although the afternoon light was streaming in around them, the room was still dark enough for sleeping. Frank raised his arm and I slid in next to him as his arm dropped around my shoulder. I ran my fingertips along the cool smooth skin of his side. He reached over and flicked off the light and then he shifted down under the covers as he settled in. From our exertions of the day so far, it didn't take long for both of us to drift off into a well-deserved sleep.........

"RING.......RING....." I awoke to the sound of the phone ringing on the night table next to Frank. As he reached to pick it up, I looked over at the clock; 4:49pm, Saturday afternoon. We'd gotten a few hours sleep and although right now I felt a little punky, I knew that soon I would feel sufficiently refreshed.

"Yeah, hello," he said groggily.

"Oh hey man, how you doin'?" I noticed the note of recognition in his voice.

"Me? Oh, I'm just spending some time with my new boy here."

"Yeah, it's a guy from Lori's office, Jon. I ran into him last night and so far, he's working out just fine." I listened intently but could only hear muffled sounds as the person spoke on the other end of the line.

"Oh, I don't think that would be a problem at all. As a matter of fact, I think Jon here would be thrilled to meet you. Hey, I'm starving. Why don't you pick up an extra-large deluxe for me and you on your way over. And for young Jon here....well....I think a personal size "Meat Lovers" would be appropriate. Yeah....Jon certainly loves the meat."

I felt myself blushing under Frank's words.

"Okay, just come right in when you get here. We'll probably be downstairs watching the game. What?.....No, I've got some beer here, don't worry about that. Okay, see you shortly." And with that he hung up the phone.

Frank looked over at me as he sat up in bed. "That's Evan. He's coming over for awhile. He's a good friend of mine so I expect you to be just as nice to him as you are to me, okay?" I looked at him with adoring eyes and nodded rapidly in agreement. 

"Besides, he told me he hasn't cum in a couple of days and he's got a big load he needs to get rid of. Think you can handle it?" he asked with a wry grin. I nodded as once again I felt my face turning red as I felt myself blushing. 

"Thataboy. Grab your robe and let's go downstairs. He'll be here in about half an hour. Oh yeah, and bring that jar of Vaseline with you.......you might be needing it."

Frank donned his thick white robe and knotted the belt around his waist. I followed him from the bed and put on the pink silk robe before I grabbed the jar of Vaseline. I followed him to the kitchen where he cracked open a bottle of beer for himself and then he was considerate enough to pour me a glass of wine from the bottle in the fridge. I eagerly followed him downstairs to a nicely finished recroom. A huge wide-screen TV was against one wall with a couch and couple of lazyboys facing it. At the other end of the room, they had an area set up with a treadmill, a weight bench and some other exercise equipment. 

Frank plopped himself on the couch and switched on the big TV with a remote from the coffee table in front of him. He took a slug of his beer as he switched the channel until he found the football game he was looking for. Wearing Lori's pink silk robe, I sat on the couch beside him and tucked my legs beneath me as I sipped my wine. 

"I don't think that's where you need to be," Frank said as he looked over at me. He lifted his foot and pushed the coffee table further away from him. He then grabbed one of the throw pillows from the sofa and dropped it on the floor in front of him. He then let his thick thighs drift apart in invitation. It was obvious that Frank was not content to just sit and watch the game until Evan arrived. He had other plans.....and I had no objection.

I set my glass down and silently slid off the couch and made my way to my required place, kneeling on the pillow between Frank's wide-spread thighs. I reached up and undid the belt of his robe and drew apart the two sides of the fabric to give myself complete access to his body. He slid forward on the couch until his huge balls hung fully over the front edge of the cushion, his cock lying across his upper thigh.

I watched him take another slug of his beer as I lowered my face towards his groin and inhaled deeply. Aaaaahhhh.....his manly smell invaded my nostrils with its clean musky aroma. I slipped my hand under his cock and simply laid it across my face, loving the feel of the weight of it caressing me. I rolled it around my cheeks, into my eyes sockets and across my lips. I breathed in the smell of him as I nuzzled into the base of his cock. I moved his heavy cock all around my face and I felt myself being warmed under the sheer weight of his massive member.

I felt his cock start to thicken as I rolled it across my full, pouting lips. I pushed it up and out of the way as I moved my mouth onto his distended sack. I opened my mouth as wide as I could and gently drew one of his huge balls into my mouth. I worked up a load of saliva and gently bathed the hot soft skin that contained that precious jewel. I felt the tremendous weight of it in my mouth as I used my tongue to raise and lower it within its sack. I rolled it around and around within my mouth. I carefully drew down on it as I used the edges of my teeth to delicately scrape across the surface of his bag.

"Oh fuck, that's good," Frank said from above me as he ran his fingers thru my hair.

Knowing that he was pleased with my attention, I moved my mouth over to his other nut and paid the same loving attention to it. I ran my tongue over every square inch of the surface of his distended bag. I could only get one of big balls into my mouth at a time but Frank seemed pleased nonetheless. I laved at his sack for about ten minutes as he continued to watch the game and drink his beer. I finally pulled my mouth away from his bag and saw it gleaming with a shiny covering of my saliva. A gob of it was starting to run down the crease in the center of his bag and I licked upwards with my tongue to distribute it around the base of his cock.

I looked up and saw that his cock had thickened under my attention to his lower area. I could see the distended veins crisscrossing his gnarled shaft pulsating as they pumped more blood into his lengthening member. I lowered my lips and kissed and nibbled around the base of his shaft. I moved slowly upwards, humming and moaning with lust as I used my soft lips and gently nibbling teeth to pleasure him. I lifted my head and let some of my saliva run off my tongue onto his thick shaft. As it started to run down the groove between two protruding veins, I lowered my full lips right into the pool of my own saliva and pushed it back and forth along his shaft with my pressing lips.

"Oh yeah......you know what I like," he said as I continued further up his shaft. 

When I got to the pronounced V where the mushroom head met the underside of his cock, I finally extended my yearning tongue and ran it all around the underside of his flared ridge. I took the engorged red ridge into my mouth and compressed my full lips against it. It was so big that it felt like a firm lip pressing back against my kiss. I could feel the heat from the blood pumping thru it against my soft caressing lips. Frank moaned as I shifted my lips along the other side of his flared ridge and gave it the same undivided attention.

I sat back a bit and reached my hand forward to reach around the girth of his tremendous weapon. Its thickness had continued to increase under my attentions and its length had extended further until his full 10 ½" now stood proudly as its rigidity pulled it tightly to his stomach. With my hand wrapped as far around it as it would go, I lifted it upwards. As it came away from his body, a gob of pre-cum that had been leaking from his piss-slit created a connecting link between the end of his cock and his stomach. As I pulled his heavy cock farther up, I watched mesmerized as the shining web grew thinner. It was heavy and thick enough to remain connected until I had his rearing 10 ½" almost fully vertical. The web finally snapped with some falling back onto his stomach and the rest clinging in a gleaming line down the top side of his shaft. I dove forward and touched the tip of my tongue to the bottom of the line than ran across his abdomen. I licked upwards until I had gathered it all within my waiting mouth. I swallowed eagerly and tasted his now familiar flavor. 

With his stomach clean, I turned my attention to the line that had fallen along the length of the top side of his cock. I moved my tongue towards the lowest point and pressed my tongue against his searing shaft. I felt it pulse under my tongue as I drew it upwards, collecting every slick teasing morsel of his semen along the way.

I sat back on my heels and with a firm grip on his shaft, pulled it forwards until it was pointing directly towards me. I gazed lovingly at the enormous cockhead, the flared ridge giving it the look of a menacing weapon. It was like a 10 ½" bludgeon, capable of inflicting tremendous pain......but also incredible pleasure as I already knew. I shivered with lust as I looked down at the engorged column of aching hardness. I continued to gaze at the pulsating swollen organ, almost hypnotized by its size and virility.

With my hand wrapped firmly around the thick shaft, I pumped it slowly upwards towards me. I watched as the shining eye flexed open and a milky dollop of his semen emerged to gather in a growing globule at his gaping piss-slit. As it grew, it started to droop under its own weight as the bottom of the glob started to distend downwards. Before it could drop, I dove forward and caught the pearly nectar on the tip of my tongue. I gathered it in and felt the comforting feeling of his musky flavor on my tongue. Once I had that initial taste, I knew I wouldn't be satisfied until he fed me the rest of his load.

I moved upwards and slid my lips over the taut membranes of his enflamed head. My lips created a vacuuming seal behind his ridge as I swiped my tongue over his gaping piss-slit, gathering up another savory droplet of precum. I bathed his head with my soothing tongue as I pumped both hands along the length of his gnarled shaft. I heard Frank let out a low groan and looked up to see that he was no longer watching the game. His head was thrown back and his eyes were closed as he relinquished himself to my pleasure.

I slid my mouth further down his cock, my lips eventually bumping into the circle of my thumb and forefinger. My saliva was running out of the corners of my mouth and leaking down the shaft of his cock. My fingers were sliding easier along the thick shaft under the additional lubricant. As I continued to use my hands to milk his shaft into my mouth, he fed me a continuous supply of his precum.

I tilted my head upwards slightly as I aligned his cock with my throat. I moved forwards and felt that now familiar feeling of his cockhead lodging itself into the entrance to my throat. I paused to take a deep breath and then moved forwards again, my stretched lips bumping into my hand. I opened my top hand and removed it from his cock, making way for my descending lips. 

"Oh fuck.......yeah....." I heard Frank exclaim as my lips slid along the next few inches and it continued to distend the tissues of my throat. I bumped into my lower hand and removed it to open the way to the thick base. My eyes were closed with pleasure as I continued forward, the huge cockhead plowing a wide path towards my stomach. I felt my nose tickled by his pubic hair and realized I had the full 10 ½" buried in my throat. I clamped down with my lips around the taut base of his cock and swallowed. 
