 "Your boy here is quite something Frank," said Evan as he watched me eat my cum-laden pizza. "I see you've trained him well."

"Yeah, young Jon here is coming along just fine. He's learning how to please a man in every way. He's got the tightest, hottest ass I've ever had. And man, can he ever work those muscles in there to grip your cock. On top of all that, it doesn't hurt that he has an unquenchable hunger for cum.......right Jon?" I nodded in agreement as I felt my face turning red.

"Hey Jon, it looks like you missed something," said Frank as he pointed towards the smaller pizza box. I saw a glob of his milky cum that had hit the side of the box and run down the inside. I crawled forward and used my tongue to retrieve it. After I lapped it up from the base of the box, I ran my tongue over the cloudy streak on the side right up to the rim. 

"That's just perfect," sighed Evan as he looked on admirably. "Hey Jon, how about going and grabbing us a couple more beers?" This was my first instruction from Evan and remembering that Frank had told me to treat his friend as I would treat him, I rose to my feet and with the pink robe swirling around me, made my way upstairs to the fridge. I cracked open a couple of cold ones and returned to the basement.

As I came back in, the guys were intently discussing something that had just happened in the game. I passed them their beers and they ate their pizza ravenously. As they continued to talk and playfully rib each other, I was able to discern that they had played football together in college. Frank had been a tight end while Evan had been a linebacker. Apparently Evan had been good enough to be considered for the pros but after blowing out his knee in his last year, he had ended up becoming a fireman. They also worked out together regularly at the gym and from their conversation, I deduced that Evan lived alone and was presently without any romantic entanglements.

I sat quietly as they ate their pizza and beer. I noticed Evan's gaze seemed to be more on me than on the game. 

"Hey Frank, would you mind if I put the kid here thru his paces? As I said on the phone, I haven't cum in about two days and after watching you two, I'm anxious to try him out."

"No, be my guest. Actually, I've gotta go and check on a couple of things at work. I should have done it earlier today but I was a little uh.....busy....shall we say," Frank said with a chuckle. "Jon, you take good care of Evan, okay? You wouldn't want to disappoint me now, would you? I wouldn't want to have to take away your favorite toy," he said as he lifted his heavy cock and pointed it towards me. I quickly shook my head as I kept my loving eyes glued to his massive member.

"That's my boy......I'll see you guys later," he said as he got up, pulled his robe around him and left the room.

As Frank left I remained kneeling on the cushion on the floor. I kept my head down but raised my eyes to look towards Evan. As he lounged in one of the easy chairs, I could see the intense look of lust as his eyes locked on mine.

"You ever been with a black man before, kid?" I lowered my gaze and shook my head. 

"Well, you're in for a real treat then. Like I said, I'm pretty horny and I've got some nice hot cum for you. I want to get this first batch off real fast so I can take my time and enjoy that sweet ass of yours for the next few loads. I want you to take this first one between those soft lips of yours, but don't swallow it when I cum. I haven't figured out yet what I want you to do with it." 

Holy shit, I thought. Another guy who was ready to give me multiple loads! I right away started wondering what his cum would taste like in comparison to Frank's. And what about his cock.....Frank said it was bigger than his! 

I didn't have long to wait as Evan stood up in front of me and pulled his t-shirt out of the waist band of his jeans and pulled it up and over his head. I looked up at his broad smooth chest, the mahogany skin gleaming over his rippling muscles. My god, this man was huge! At 6'-6", he towered over me, especially with me on knees before him. I could tell both he and Frank must have spent a lot of time doing ab crunches based on their defined six-packs. He threw his t-shirt aside, undid his belt and popped open his jeans. I watched breathlessly as he slowly drew down his zipper, lowered his jeans and stepped out of them. He tossed them aside as he stood before in a pair of white fitted boxers that hugged his ass and thighs. I could see a mighty tube pushing out against the fabric as it was lying at an angle across his abdomen. I could see it thickening as more blood pumped into it. His cockhead was rising under the fabric and started to cause the waistband to be pushed away from his body. His heavy balls below filled the white fabric at the juncture of his thighs.

"Come and get it," he commanded as he stood with his hands on his hips.

I crawled forward until I was directly below him, my face inches from his straining package. I tilted my head at an angle and pressed my lips against the pulsing shaft right thru the fabric. I could feel the heat of it thru the taut white cotton. I hummed as I moved my open mouth along the length of dick. 

"Oh shit....yeah," Evan moaned from above me. "You are a special one, aren't you?"

I glowed under his praise and brought both my hands up to grip his ass. The cheeks of his ass were huge and solid as a rock! I gripped them firmly and pulled his crotch towards me as I continued to mouth him thru his underwear. I opened my eyes and saw that his cockhead was starting to emerge above the straining waistband. I could see the glowing eye as it started to creep forth, then the taut purple membranes of his glands as it emerged. 

"Oh fuck...enough of that, I need to get off. I want you on the real thing now, boy."

I took my hands off his ass and reached up on both sides to grasp the waistband. I started to peel it down as more of his cock came into view. I kept my eyes glued to his manliness as the fabric came down. I couldn't believe the size of his cockhead! It was huge! It seemed to blossom forth as it came away from the fabric. His whole dick started to come away from his body as I drew the underwear down. I pulled his underwear the rest of the way down and stared mesmerized as he stepped out of them and flicked them aside. My god! The length was incredible! It stood out from his body as a rigid pillar. His cock was longer than Frank's but not quite as thick, except at the head. The cockhead was amazing! The length of his sensitive head must have taken up a quarter of his length! The huge ridge around the base of his cockhead was like a thick purple rope. I wondered how that would feel tearing across my prostate. Hopefully I would find out soon!

I noticed that his entire crotch was shaved. His large balls hung heavy below that ramrod spear. That was the perfect word for it...... "spear". It was straight as an arrow, long and menacing, perfect for impaling people. I could see the veins standing in bold relief as they continued to keep his stallion-like cock filled with blood. With his crotch shaved, it seemed to look even bigger. 

"So, you like the foot-long?" I was snapped out of my reverie by Evan's question. I looked up at him as he smiled down at me. "Yeah, you've got 12" of hard cock there boy. Now let's see what you can do with it."

He took his hand and pushed down on the top of his cock until the end was inches from my face. My eyes settled on a gleaming drop of his jism filling the winking eye at the end of his cock. He pushed it slightly forward and drew the end across my cheek, his precum leaving a slick trail. As he passed it under my nose, I could smell this scent. His manly musky aroma assaulted my nostrils and I breathed deep to take his essence deep into my lungs. My eyes closed with pleasure as he continued to move his cockhead all around my face. I tried to get it into my mouth and he continued to tease me until he finally had enough of that game and placed the end of his dripping knob flush on my pouting lips.

"There you go," he said as I reached up to wrap both hands along his gnarled shaft. I pushed my tongue into his gaping piss-slit and drew forth a drop of his pre-cum. As I savored it on my tongue, I noticed that it had a different flavor than Frank's, a little muskier, a little heavier tasting. Not really better, not worse, just different. I pumped my hands towards me and was rewarded with another glistening morsel. I quickly swiped that up and stretched my lips wide open and slid down over his mighty cockhead. Man, once I had the whole head in my mouth, there was hardly any more room! It was so long that it filled my oral chamber. I lovingly swirled my tongue slowly around the taut membranes as I bathed the head. I kept up my milking motion with my hands.

"Oh fuck, this first one's coming soon," Evan moaned as he put his hands on my head and pulled me further onto his searing cock. I could sense that he was desperate to get off and realized that there would hopefully be time later to give him a more leisurely blow job.

I started to bob my head quickly over the top half of his cock as I used both hands to milk his rigid shaft. With his hands gripping my head he started jack-hammering his cock into my mouth. I felt some of my saliva spill forth and run down my chin as well as down the length of his pistoning cock. Out of the corner of my eye I could see his massive balls starting to draw up in their sack.

"OH MOTHERFUCKER........HERE IT CUMS!!!" he shouted and I felt the first heavy blast hit the roof of my mouth. He continued his short strokes into my face as he fed me rope after rope of thick creamy cum. It took everything I had to stop from swallowing his delicious cream. It kept filling my mouth as I milked my hands along the pulsating shaft, trying to coax every tasty ounce of his juice out of him. He said he hadn't cum in a couple of days and man, was he ever backed up. There was no way I could keep it all in my mouth, especially with his huge cockhead taking up so much room. As I felt it start to back up and run out the corners of my mouth, I brought one of my hands beneath my chin to catch the overflow. Evan kept moaning the whole time as he continued to feed me. I felt his firm grip on my head start to lessen and his flexing hips slowed until he stood still before me, my lips still locked behind his cockhead. He withdrew his cock from between my stretched lips and flopped back into the chair. Surprisingly, his cock remained bolt upright!

"Oh fuck......you are good at that boy," he said as gazed fondly down at me. "Come over here and let's see what you've got."

I edged over until I was kneeling between his spread thighs, my cupped hand held in front of me, almost overflowing with his cum. 

"Open up," he said as he fixed his gaze on my mouth. 

I carefully opened my mouth for him to see the milky pool contained within. I had to be careful so it wouldn't run out. He wrapped his hand around his still hard cock and held it straight up. 

"I want you to drool that cum back onto my cock and then lick it off. Save your hand for last. If you do a good job, I just might give you a nice reward," he said as he waved his rigid dick at me. 

I raised myself up slightly on my knees until my full mouth was poised over the flared head of his spear-like dick. I put my lips close to the end and then slowly parted my lips. His cum started to run out onto the taut membranes and then slid down the top of his shaft. I carefully released more and this batch ran into the V on the underside of his shaft and then sluggishly made its way downward. I kept releasing more and more until there was nothing left in my mouth. I looked down and saw that his entire shaft was coated in his thick heavy cream and some had already pooled around the base and some was trickling onto his bag. Some of his milky seed had gathered around his thumb and fingers that he was using to hold his cock straight up. 

I held my cupped hand carefully at my side as I lowered my mouth and extended my tongue to lap at his relaxed sack. I quickly gathered every droplet of his cream and then snaked my tongue around his thick base. I vacuumed up the gobs that had started to pool on his stomach and then worked my way up his hard shaft, carefully retrieving the tasty jism clinging to his fingers. As his cum continued to slowly slide down, I used my tongue to halt its downward journey and transfer it to my waiting stomach. I was mewing and purring again as I drew in his musky nectar. 

"C'mon now, you're almost done," I heard Evan chuckle as I ravenously cleaned his cum-coated manliness. 

I arrived at his cockhead and looking down, I could see only the drying trail from my glistening saliva. I wrapped my lips around his still-engorged cockhead and slurped up the final gobs of his potent semen. I closed my eyes and savored the final drops on my tastebuds before swallowing. I pulled my mouth fully off his cock and we both looked down at the swirling cloudy pool cupped in my hand. I moaned as I raised it to my mouth and tipped his cooling jism onto my tongue. I swallowed greedily and then pushed my yearning tongue into my hand to lap up the remaining drops of his succulent seed.

As I finished, I realized my own cock was hard as a rock beneath the pink robe I was still wearing.

"Good job kid. I promised you a reward if you did a good job. As you can see, I'm usually good for at least two in row and this time, I want to try out that tight ass of yours," he said as he continued to wave his rigid cock at me. "I see you've got some Vaseline there, so you might want to make things easier on yourself by greasing the way," he said as he nodded towards his upright cock. I was amazed at the virility of this man. His huge cock had not lost one bit of its rigidity and he was ready to go again after just feeding me a massive load!

I reached over and opened the jar. I scooped up a generous amount of the lube and wrapped both my slick hands around his cock. I covered the entire length with the greasy stuff and the baby-fresh scent filled my nostrils. I smiled to myself remembering Frank's comment about liking the smell. When I felt he was thoroughly covered, I reached beneath me to rub another glob around the opening to my hot pink hole. 

"Okay kid, that's good. Now I want you to climb up here and settle yourself down on this fireman's pole."

I rose from my knees and undid the tie at the front of the robe, causing the two sides of the fabric to fall open. I started to take it off.

"No, just leave that on. I like it on you," he said.

With the fabric hanging freely behind me, I stepped forward and up onto the cushion of the chair, my feet on either side of his hips as I faced him. I crouched down and lowered my waiting ass towards his glistening cock. I felt the hot head brush against the inside of one cheek and then shifted slightly until I felt it pulse against my yearning hole. I braced myself by putting my hands on his broad muscular shoulders and concentrated on relaxing my sphincter. I took a deep breath and as I expelled it, I pushed down onto his rearing manhood. I gasped as I felt the wide flared head make its way into me.

"Owww...." I shouted as the pain of his broad crimson cockhead stretched the lips of my ass. I was afraid I might tear in this position but I gasped through the pain and pressed myself downwards. I felt that now familiar feeling as my ring closed slightly, trapping his long massive cockhead within me.

"Oh fuck, yeah," groaned Evan. "You've got the head in, do you think you can take the whole length?" he asked as he put both hands firmly on my shoulders and pushed down slightly. 

I didn't answer but simply flexed myself from my kneeling position on him and pressed myself downwards, intent on impaling myself on the full 12" of this black stallion. I felt the sweat sliding down my back as I lowered myself. The cool silk fabric draped over and around both of us as I got about halfway down and paused. I wriggled my hips in a circle and I used the muscles of my inner tissues to massage his throbbing cock. 

"Oh man.......that's beautiful," I heard him moan as he started to flex his hips up into me. 

My own cock was rock hard and drooling precum as I bore down even further, wriggling and twisting my hips as I sank onto his waiting rod. I could feel the width of his wide cockhead stretching my guts deep within me. I withdrew slightly and felt it rub over my prostate. 

"OH YEAH," I yelled as I hunched myself against his thick shaft. I pushed back down and went another inch further, took a deep breath and shifted down another inch. I looked down past my own rearing cock and could see about three more inches of his ebony monster waiting to find a home within me. Evan was gently flexing his stiff rod into me, letting me control most of the action, his hands guiding my hips. 

I took a final deep breath, expelled it slowly and forced myself downwards. I looked down and saw the final inches of his rearing manhood disappear within me.

"OH FUCK," I screamed as my fingers gripped his shoulders tightly and I twitched and shook with his 12" buried inside me. "Oh.....god.....it's so deep....fuck....." My head flicked back and forth as I rode thru the pain. I gasped and drew in air as I concentrated on relaxing my stretched hole and clutching inner tissues. I had never had anything that deep within me!

"You've got it all, baby!" Evan exclaimed as he kept a firm grip on my hips. He held still as my body started to recover from the initial shock. I knew he was waiting patiently for me to be ready for more. 

With the sweat running down my back I finally rocked forward slightly. I saw Evan smile through my hooded eyes as I moved back down once more and felt the stretched lips of my anal ring grip the absolute base of his cock. I lifted myself and felt the yawning emptiness deep within me as I allowed about half his length to withdraw from my ass. I plummeted back down and he thrust up at the same time and I felt his flared ridge scrape across the sensitive tissues over my prostate again. I moaned with lust as I started an up and down rhythm. I swirled my ass in a circle as I drove myself up and down. I flexed the muscles in my ass and was rewarded by a continuous moan from Evan.

"Oh baby, you've got it.....you know just what to do. Just keep doin' that and you'll get a nice bellyful soon."

I glowed under his praise as I continued to impale myself on that beautiful12" ebony spear. I was covered in sweat as I continued to pound up and down on his rigid spike for about five minutes. I finally felt my own cock start to lurch as he flexed and his cock rubbed forcefully once again across my prostate.

"OH FUCK.....OH FUCK...OH FUCK," I screamed as I felt my cum move up the shaft of my throbbing cock and burst forth with a huge rocket of semen to splash against Evan's chest. I kept humping and grinding on his pistoning shaft as I sprayed my load all over Evan. 

"OH YEAH.......HERE IT COMES!" he shouted. Seeing my own cock go off must have triggered his own orgasm and he flexed and bucked his hips as he drove his full length deep into my waiting ass. I felt the first shot blast deep within me; it felt like a searing bullet hitting the depths of my guts. It was quickly followed by more volleys of his thick cream, bathing the ravaged raw tissues inside me. He kept his eyes closed as I rode him thru his orgasm, a smile of contentment playing at the corners of his mouth. As his load filled me up, I felt some of his cum make its way back along his lengthy shaft to be forced out around my stretched ass-lips.

He finally used his grip on my hips to stop me from my continuous bucking on his sensitive cock. I flexed the muscles within my ass once more to milk a final drop of his milky semen out of him. His cock finally started to lose some of its hardness but the length of it continued to lay deep within me. 
