 As Frank continued to explore and tease my mouth with his index finger, I looked up to see Evan staring down at us.

"That guy is something else man! What an ass! And that throat.....shit....just unbelievable." I glowed under Evan's praise as I hoped Frank would be proud of me too. "Hey baby, anytime you get tired of Frank, you just come and see Evan. I'll take care of you. As many loads of cum as you can take, right here waiting anytime."

"Well, I think I'm probably gonna hold on to this one for now, Evan. But hey, anytime he wants to visit you, no problem. Just no rough stuff, got it?" Frank continued to saw his thick finger in and out of my full swollen lips.

"Hey, why wreck a good thing, right?" Evan replied.

"Okay kid, go and get yourself cleaned up and then bring that hot washcloth back in here. You need to wash this goo off us," Frank instructed.

On shaky legs I made my way to the bathroom and as I ran the water in the sink, I took a look at myself in the mirror. My face had a sheer residue of their cumloads coating it from top to bottom. There were a few white flecks of semen that had sprayed into my hair and clung there. My neck felt sticky as the spunk there started to dry. 

I soaked the washcloth with the hot water and wiped my face thoroughly, even running the washcloth across my hair. I then smoothed it down my neck, chest and stomach. I re-soaked it and washed my crotch and kneeled to wipe around my raw sphincter. I rinsed the cloth out and ran some additional hot water until the rag was steaming. I headed back into the bedroom.

Frank had thrown on his robe and was sitting in the easy chair with the robe hanging open while Evan was propped up on the pillows against the headboard. Frank had turned the TV back on and they were watching another game that was on. 

I knelt before Frank first and lifted his heavy cock in my hand and wrapped it in the steaming cloth. I gently massaged it to remove any traces of the Vaseline. I washed his stomach at the base of his cock and then he held out each of his hands in turn. I caressed and massaged his large mitts as I removed any lube that remained there. 

I returned to the washroom and rinsed out the cloth and then crawled onto the bed between Evan's thighs and repeated the same procedure there until he was satisfied.

"Hey Frank, I've gotta go to work pretty soon but I think I've got another load here for your boy. Does he eat ass?"

"Like a champ, right kid," Frank said looking towards me. I nodded in agreement as my face turned a bright shade of red.

"Okay baby, you just put this pillow under your head and lay back here," said Evan as he got on his knees and adjusted one of the pillows near the head of the bed. 

I had noticed that Evan's pet name for me seemed to be "baby", whereas with Frank, it was usually either "boy" or "kid". This pleased me that they each had a specific way of referring to me when they spoke to me.

I laid flat on my back with my head on the pillow as instructed. Evan lifted one of his massive legs over me and dropped a knee on either side of my body as he faced the end of the bed. I looked up to see that incredible ass of this huge black man looming over my face.

"Now you just take good care of Evan baby, and he'll take good care of you" he said as he started to lower his ass.

As he continued to sit lower, the crack of his ass was drawn apart and I could clearly see his puckered hole coming closer. I got a load of saliva on the tip of my tongue and extended it. He paused in his descent as he felt the first cool touch of my watering tongue against his hole.

"Oh yeah.....that's it baby. Get that ass good and wet." He wriggled his ass against my pointed tongue as I applied pressure against his tight hole. He rocked back and forth which drew my tongue along the full length of his moist crease. I could taste his salty sweat that had accumulated against his mahogany skin. I eagerly swiped my tongue from the base of his distended sack to the upper limit of his crack as he swayed back and forth. He kept this up for about ten minutes as I lovingly laved my bathing tongue over every hot inch of his firmly muscled ass. He ceased his rocking as I held my tongue firmly right on his tight hole and applied a pulsing pressure.

"That's it baby, time to work on that hole," he said as he settled down lower until the cheeks of his succulent ass were resting on my face. He tipped forward just enough so that I could get some air into my lungs thru my nose. 

I could hear a rhythmic slapping sound and realized that Evan was jerking off his 12" cock as he rode my probing tongue. I placed the flat of my hands on the smooth cheeks of his ass and squeezed as I pushed against his moist pucker with the tip of my tongue. I swirled it around the tight opening as he slowly rocked against me. I felt the hot opening start to relax and pushed harder against his yielding ring. My tongue slid into his welcoming ass and I swirled it around the moist inner tissues.

"OH FUCK! That's beautiful baby! Just keep doing it.....just like that. Frank, pass me that lube buddy."

I heard Frank get up and move across the room. I could see nothing past the enormous black ass covering my face!

"Here," he said. "And use this when you're done." I had no idea what that meant but I heard the springs squeak as Frank settled back into the easy chair. 

As I continued to probe with my slick tongue into Evan's hot gripping ass, I could hear the slapping sound as his lube-coated hand churned back and forth along the length of his foot-long monster. He was becoming more agitated as he ground himself down on my yearning tongue. My whole lower face was covered with hot saliva as I continued to swab at his aching hole. I had my tongue as far as I could get it into his ass. He clutched his sphincter as he tried to pull my tongue further into him. I used my hands to try and pull his ass-cheeks even further apart to gain even more penetration. The hot inner lining felt incredibly smooth and hot against my tongue. I kept up my oral assault on his clutching hole for about ten more minutes as he slowly jacked away at his rampant love muscle.

"OH MOTHERFUCKER!" Evan roared as I maintained my oral penetration of his steaming ass.

"FUCK....YEAH! PUSH IT IN DEEP, BABY!" I withdrew my tongue part way and then pushed as far into his welcoming ass as I could, sweat and saliva just running down my face. I felt him start to quiver and shake and his low growls confirmed that he was in the throws of cumming. He bucked and thrashed on my swirling tongue for a good minute as he rode out his delicious orgasm.

He started to slow his rampant movements and eventually just settled down completely and rested with his ass sitting fully on my glistening face. I felt his heartbeat start to slow as he gasped for breath.

"Oh man....that was unbelievable baby. I'm telling you Frank, hold onto this kid or he can come and stay with me anytime. I'm giving you my number baby. Make sure you use it."

Evan lifted himself off me and remained on his knees next to me. As I looked up at him towering over me, I could see my wine glass that I'd left from the night before in his left hand. There was a large milky pool in the bottom of the glass. So that's what Frank had given him! Evan saw my lust-filled gaze zero in on the glass as my tongue ran out to lick at my lips as I wantonly eyed up his cloudy pool of fresh semen.

"Remember when I said if you were good to me, then I'd be good to you? Well, I think you were very good to me.......so first of all.......take care of this," he said as he reached down and dropped the long head of his softening cock against my full lips. I spotted a white droplet lurking in the eye and swiped it up immediately. I drew the head fully into my mouth and lapped up a few teasers of his cum that had stuck to the spongy membranes of his cockhead.

"Oh....yeah....that's good, baby. Here's your reward for being such a good little rim-boy," he said as he passed the glass to me. 

I sat up and they both watched as I took the glass and swirled the milky fluid around as I held it under my nose and inhaled the heavenly scent of his musky nectar. I closed my eyes and shivered as I extended my tongue to lap at the traces that circled the rim. I drew them onto the back of my tongue and moaned as I swallowed. I tipped the glass up and allowed the viscous seed to flow slowly onto my tongue. With my mouth full, I lowered the glass to savor the flavor. His warm creamy semen slithered down my throat to my waiting stomach. I tipped it up and chugged the rest lustfully until there was no more flowing from the glass. I pushed the flat of my tongue against the insides of the wine glass to capture every last drop of his succulent man-juice.

They both chuckled as I continued to search the glass for any stray soldiers. Evan slid off the bed and started to put on his clothes. I set the glass aside and pulled the cover over me as I watched him dress. Frank had remained quietly watching us and the game the whole time. Once Evan had his t-shirt back on, I saw him reach over to grab a pen from the dresser and write something on a piece of paper from a notepad they had there. 

"Here you go, baby. Here's my number. I'll just stick it in your pants pocket here so it won't get lost. And Frank.....hey.....I owe you one, man." I watched as Evan held up one of his large paws and they "high-fived" each other. 

"Okay.....okay. Enough is enough. Get out of here you over-sexed bastard," Frank said with a laugh as he pointed his thumb towards the door. They shared a laugh which brought a smile to my own face as I realized they were both pleased with my efforts.

Evan left the room and as I heard the front door close, I looked over at Frank who was looking back directly at me. 

"You did great, kid. I'm proud of you," he said with a soft, knowing smile. Once again, I just glowed under his words. "But hey, I'm starving. Go and get us something to eat. There should be some buns there and some cold meat. See what you can come up with. And a couple of big glasses of milk." He paused for a moment as he smiled at me. "You don't have any objection to a nice milky drink now, do you?"

I shook my head "No" as I laughed at his little joke. 

Grabbing Lori's robe one more time, I went to the kitchen and hunted around in the fridge and cupboards. I ended up making a couple of hearty sandwiches with some various cold meats, cheese, lettuce and tomatoes. I threw some potato chips on the sides of the plates, poured a couple of glasses of milk and carried it into the bedroom on a tray I found tucked beside the fridge. I found Frank still sitting in his robe in the easy chair watching TV. He looked up as I came in.

"Excellent! That looks good, kid. Filling you up really works up an appetite."

He wasn't kidding! I was starved as well after dealing with both he and Evan over the last few hours. Eating Evan's ass and their loads of cum was one thing, but I needed to re-fuel on some real food as well.

Frank took his plate and glass from the tray and proceeded to mow down. I sat on the edge of the bed and dove into my sandwich and chips as well. Boy, did it ever taste good. I washed it down with the cold milk and started to feel a little better getting some solid food into me.

When Frank finished he went into the bathroom. I could hear him piss as his stream pounded into the water. He then came into my range of vision as he stepped in front of the sink and brushed his teeth. When he finished, he turned and walked back into the bedroom. With the two sides of his robe hanging open around him, I could see his big cock hanging heavy and loose in front of him. I never tired of looking at him.

"C'mon kid, time to get some sleep. Get yourself cleaned up and then get over here," he said as he shucked off the robe and patted the spot next to him as he climbed into bed.

I hurried into the bathroom and thoroughly washed my face and brushed my teeth. As I looked at myself in the mirror, I smiled inwardly thinking about this fantastic weekend with Frank. It was now late Saturday evening and hopefully the weekend wasn't over yet!

I hooked Lori's robe on the back of the door and slid under the sheets to take my place at Frank's side. He dropped his arm around me as once again I nuzzled up next to his broad chest. He switched off the TV and set the remote aside. He left the light on and just rested quietly with his arm around me. I was happy as it allowed me to let my eyes roam over his magnificent body. I wasn't sure if he was getting ready to go to sleep or just content to lie quietly and let me "explore" again. I was hoping for the latter.

I ran my hand across his broad chest and brushed my fingertips across his far nipple. It responded immediately and I rolled the protruding little pebble between my finger and thumb. Frank let out a small sigh and I drew my hand back and let his other nipple have the same attention. When it was proudly standing up, I slid over slightly and wrapped my lips around it and caressed the pebbly surface with my tongue. He moaned as I bathed it in saliva and drew gently on it with my suckling lips. I felt his hand run thru the hair on the back of my head as he pulled me against his chest. I paid a few minutes attending to his right nipple before sliding further over and repeating the process with the left one. 

As I was attending to his chest, I slid my hand down across the taut muscles of his stomach and let my fingertips roam thru his pubic hair. I felt his heavy cock brush the back of my fingertips but I purposely avoided it for now. I scratched my nails around the base of his groin as I playfully used my tongue on his ardent nipples. As Frank let out another groan, I moved my hand further down and cupped his enormous balls in my hand. The skin felt incredibly silky and smooth in my hand. I hefted his balls and was once again amazed at their size and weight. I rolled them gently in my hand before releasing them to hang freely in their pouch. I moved my hand towards the base of his cock.

"C'mere kid," Frank said from above me. 

Releasing his firm nipple from my nibbling lips, I looked up to see Frank looking at me with lust-filled eyes. I shifted further up in the bed and with his hand on the back of my head, he drew my face down closer to his. I parted my lips as I closed my eyes and felt the fullness of his lips as he pressed my mouth onto his. His tongue plunged into my mouth as he kissed me hard. I wrapped my lips tightly around it and pressed my tongue against his. I was gasping for air as his large tongue filled my mouth. He drew my tongue back into his mouth as his hand moved lovingly thru my hair. I drew back and gave a number of soft kisses on his full lips as he remained still with his mouth partially open. I ran my tongue all around his thick lips before searching once more within his mouth for his tongue. He pushed back against me and I pulled it into mouth where I made love to his tongue with my lips and tongue.

I reached down and let my searching fingertips run over the surface of his massive cock. I could feel it pulsating as blood continued to fill his heavy member. I teased my fingertips along the length of it as I felt it expanding within my hand. I gripped it firmly near the base and shucked upwards as if showing the blood the way to the engorged head. I moaned into Frank's mouth as I ran my fingertip across a drop of precum at the end of his cock. I rubbed the glistening fluid around the taut membranes of his glans as his cock continued to extend and expand. It quickly reached its full 10 ½" and rose proudly from his stomach to point straight up.

Frank used his grip on my hair to interrupt my kissing of his luscious lips. 

"I want you to ride it this time," he said as he looked deeply into my eyes. He reached over to the night-table and passed me the jar of Vaseline.

I scooped up a load of the lubricant and smoothed it over his rearing cock, my slick hand sliding easily over that pulsating monster. I quickly reached between my legs and rubbed some around my sphincter. I paused at the entrance and pushed a wad of it right inside, knowing I would need all the help I could get. 

I sat up on my knees and swung a leg over him. As I straddled him, I leaned forward on my hands as Frank reached down and directed his cock towards my yearning hole. I moved slightly backwards until I felt the wide head snuggle up tightly to my moist pucker. I could feel the heat generated by his searing cockhead pulse against the smooth sensitive skin around my hole.

I took a deep breath and looked deeply into Frank's eyes as I leaned backwards. I felt my ass-lips stretching again as the head started to slide into me. I concentrated on relaxing my ass and pushed further back. The head popped into my waiting ass and my ring closed tightly around the flared head.

"OWWWW......FUCK!" I yelled as the sudden rush of pain hit me. I held still and it quickly went away as I already knew from previous experience. The feeling of pain was soon replaced by a silent yearning....a yearning to be filled with 10 ½" of thick rigid cock. 

I flexed my ring to grip his shaft just below the head. I looked down to see a smile appear on Frank's face as he kept his eyes looking down at his upright cock entering my ass. I decided to give him something to look at. I took a deep breath, concentrated once again on relaxing the muscles within my ass, and pushed down and back. I felt his magnificent manhood slide deeper within me. Frank kept his eyes glued to his rigid shaft as he saw inch after thick inch disappear into me. I kept pushing down and felt the sweat pop out on me again as I forced myself further and further down his pulsating member. I pushed harder and then groaned deeply as I felt my fully stretched lips touch his groin at the base of his cock.

"OH MAN! YOU TOOK IT ALL IN ONE SHOT, KID!" 

I held my position as I breathed deeply and got used to being fully impaled on his tremendous member. Frank held his hands still on my hips as I paused to let my body calm down. He smiled as I willed the muscles in my ass to grip and massage his cock as it filled me. I wriggled and rotated my hips as I felt it rub against the tender lining of my ass.

Once I was ready, I slowly rose up and allowed about half of his length to exit my ass. I drove myself back downwards and felt the glorious feeling of his flared ridge rubbing across the sensitive tissues over my prostate.

"Oh Frank.....that's so good," I moaned as I leaned forward on my arms and started moving up and down. I was soon able to get into a rhythm where I would move forward until only the head remained within my gripping ass, and then plunge back and down until I had his full length and thickness totally engulfed within me.

I could see that Frank had drawn his knees up slightly to give him extra leverage as he started to thrust up into me with every one of my down-strokes. With his rearing cockhead tearing back and forth across my prostate, it wasn't long before my own cock was rock hard and leaking a steady trail of precum.

"Attaboy.....let 'er buck," he encouraged.

I took my time and enjoyed the pleasure of being deliciously filled as I rode his cock for about twenty minutes. The sweat was pouring off me as I worked to give maximum pleasure to both of us. I varied my speed and continuously gripped his throbbing rod with my clutching ass. Frank continued his usual low groans of pleasure as I bounced up and down on his cock.

"Jerk yourself off kid. I want to see you shoot," he instructed. 

I reached down with my hand that still had some Vaseline stuck to it. I formed a gripping corridor with my thumb and fingers and wrapped it around my cock. I started to jack away at my dripping cock as I continued to ride back and forth. My leaking precum was turning frothy under my milking grasp as my hand became a rapid blur as I slid it back and forth. 
