 I had just spent most of the evening with my mouth glued to Mistress Claudia's beautiful pussy and I felt thoroughly soaked with her pussy juice. I couldn't believe that she had sat on my cock and fucked me! She had felt so incredibly hot as the lining of her vagina gripped my pulsing cock. I'm surprised that I lasted the short time that I did! I hoped she'd give me another chance some time to try and last longer.

As I pulled into my parking spot, I checked my watch. It was almost 10:30. I thought I better get some shut-eye if I wanted to be fresh for Frank tomorrow night. I went up the elevator to my floor and when I got off, there was Mr. Wolfe leaning against the door to my apartment. 

"Where have you been, faggot?" he asked me as I walked towards him. "And what the fuck is that you've got all over your face?"

"Ummmm......that woman at the store whose panties I have.....well, I spent the evening at her place." I felt him staring intently at my face.

"It looks like you've got her cunt juice all over your face. Fuck, it's in your hair and everything. What did she do, spend the night making you eat her out?"

"Ummm.....well....kinda....I guess," I answered sheepishly.

"So how may times did she get you to make her cum?" he asked me as I opened the apartment door and he followed me inside.

"I'm not sure. Probably about ten times."

"No wonder your face looks like a glazed donut. C'mere," he said as I closed the door behind us and turned towards him. I stepped in front of him and he took the sides of my face in both of his big meaty hands. He leaned his face down towards mine and I watched his thick tongue slide out of his mouth. At first I thought he was going to kiss me and I instinctively closed my eyes. But then I felt the raspy surface of his tongue slide over my cheek. 

"Mmmmmmmm. That bitch tastes good" he said as he held my head and continued to lick my face clean of Claudia's juices. It felt incredibly erotic to have him hold my head in his hands and feel his broad thick tongue all over my face and even into my hairline. When he licked all around the sensitive skin of my soft neck, I almost swooned with pleasure.

"Oh yeah, I'd love to get a shot at that sweet cunt of hers sometime," he said as he released my head from his gripping hands. "I just got back a few minutes ago myself and I was ready to get a load off, now after tasting that sweet snatch juice, I think I'm gonna need to get rid of at least two. Let's go cocksucker, your night's not over yet," he said pointing towards my bedroom. I obediently led the way into the bedroom and turned on the light on the night table. As I turned around, Mr. Wolfe was already shedding his clothes. My eyes were drawn lustfully to his body as he peeled off his work shirt to reveal his muscular hairy chest. My eyes followed the trail of hair downwards as it disappeared into the waistband of his pants. He noticed me looking wantingly at his crotch. 

"Is this what you want, faggot?" he asked as he drew down his zipper and let his pants drop to the floor.

"Y-y-y-yes sir," I stuttered as my eyes were hypnotized by the site of his half-hard cock arcing out towards me. Already I could see the eye at the end of his cock glistening with the start of his precum. I felt my tongue run out and lick around my full lips as I looked at his cock continuing to expand and lengthen as blood flowed into it.

"Mr. Wolfe, would you do that thing for me again please sir?" 

"What's that faggot? What do you want?" he asked as his magnificent cock started to extend further out from his body.

"That thing where you milk out your precum so it pools on my tongue," I said as I watched as the first stringy gob of his precum start to drool towards the floor.

"Oh you like that, eh cocksucker? All right then, get over here," he said as he wrapped one of his big hands around the girth of his thick long dick.

I dropped to my knees and crawled until I was right beneath the flared crimson head of his dripping cock. My tongue reached out and captured the drooling web already hanging from the glistening eye. I moved my tongue upwards until it touched the hot crown and I licked right across the shiny opening. I purred as I tasted his warm salty precum.

"Just wrap those sweet lips around it for a minute." I slipped my mouth over the flared head and clamped my lips behind his thick purple corona. I bathed the spongy membranes with saliva as his hand pumped away at his growing erection. It felt hot and beautiful in my mouth as his hand kept bumping into my stretched lips as he slid it back and forth. Within a minute or so, his rearing cock had reached its full 9 ¾".

"Okay, cum-slut, sit back and get that tongue out," he instructed as he held one hand firmly on the top of my head and pushed me back off his cock. Holding my head in place, he continued milking his thick shaft in long slow strokes as he held the end of his cock inches over my waiting tongue.

"Here you go queer. There's what you like," he said as his continually drooling precum started to form a growing pool on my tongue. When I felt the enlarging gob start to slide off my tongue, I quickly swallowed and felt the viscous fluid run soothingly down my throat.

"Mmmmmmm," I moaned as I swallowed and then quickly flicked my tongue back under the dripping end of his cock. The flowing precum formed a glistening connection between his flared piss-slit and my yearning tongue. He milked his hand slowly but firmly along the full length of his hard shaft as he kept my head in place with his other hand. The globule on my tongue was growing and spreading out again and I had to swallow again. It was warm and delicious as the musky flavor entered my tastebuds.

"You really like that, eh faggot? That's good. Here's some more," he said as he gave another long firm stroke and I felt the weight of his next web of juice settle on my tongue. He fed me another six or seven mouthfuls in this way as he pumped a continuous flow of his slimy fluid into my mouth.

"Okay cocksucker, that's enough for now. I need to unload in your mouth," he said as he stepped over to the bed, pulled down the covers and flopped himself up against the headboard on a stack of pillows. He drew his knees up and apart and wrapped his big hand around his turgid cock and pointed it at me.

"Is this what you need, queer?"

"Yes sir," I said with my eyes glued to his stallion-like rod dripping a web of precum onto my sheets.

"Then come and get it," he said as he released his gripping hand and flexed so that his erection bobbed up and down teasingly. Still fully clothed, I crawled onto the bed and made my way between his tree-trunk thighs. His erect cock pointed straight out at about a 45-degree angle, that beautiful upward curve making it an enticing weapon of love. I wrapped both hands one over the other as far around his thick cock as they could go. As I slid my mouth over the large flared crown, I could feel the intense heat coming off his throbbing member. I moaned into the silky smooth skin of his cockhead as I started to shuck my hands towards my descending mouth.

"Oh fuck yeah. That's a good little cocksucker. Show me how much you love it," he said as he put his hands on each side of my head and started bobbing my head up and down on his diamond-hard rod. My saliva was running down the gnarled shaft of his cock as he pistoned my head up and down on the top part of his cock. I pumped my hands back and forth as I tasted his continuous supply of precum running into my mouth. I looked down at his balls and they looked swollen with what I hoped was a big fresh load of cum for me. My hands kept bumping into my lips as I worked in a rhythm where I would milk my hands upwards at the same time I slipped my suctioning mouth down over the top part of his cock. I then alternated and would slide my hands downwards at the same time my mouth was sliding downwards. The continuous moaning from Mr. Wolfe let me know he was pleased with my oral attention. I took my time and worked with my hands and mouth on his throbbing cock for about fifteen wonderful minutes. Numerous times I felt him start to get close and then I would slow down to prolong my own pleasure of servicing him.

"Oh fuck! You are a good little cocksucker. I can say that for you. I need to cum now faggot. Make sure you get every drop."

His hands gripped my head tighter as he bucked his hips up into my vacuuming mouth. I felt his cock get that extra level of firmness and I saw his huge balls drawing up in their protective pouch.

"OH FUCK.....OH FUCK.......HERE IT COMES YOU FUCKING COCKSUCKER," he bellowed as he started to unload into my mouth. The first blast pounded against the roof of my mouth with tremendous force. It felt like it was trying to knock my head right off his erupting cock. I kept my lips locked behind his throbbing purple corona as I kept my gripping hands pumping the outer sheath of his pulsating manhood. My mouth was filling with his creamy hot semen as his climax had him twitching and bucking into my eager mouth. I swallowed as he continued to shoot again and again. I felt my mouth overflowing and some of his milky jizz was leaking out the corners of my mouth and running down the shaft. It was becoming frothy white foam under my jerking hands. He came for a long time and I continued to swallow again and again as he fed me his delicious seed. I realized I was purring like a kitten as I felt his thick creamy man-juice slide down my throat. I kept pumping my hands as I tried to coax every drop out him that I could. 

"Okay...okay....easy now faggot. There'll be more for you soon," he said as he released his gripping hands from my head and took hold of my arm to stop my jerking hands. I held my hands still but nursed softly at the head of his deflating cock. "That's what I like to see. Just keep it in your mouth like that, you little cum-slut," he said as he stroked my hair affectionately. I lay down and kept his cockhead lovingly within my mouth as I traced up and down the length of his softening member with my fingertips for the next ten minutes or so. He sat back peacefully against the pillows and looked down at me lying between his muscular legs.

"That was a real good blow job, cocksucker. I think for this next load, I want to feel just your hands on me while you tell me about your night with this woman. What's her name again?"

"It's Mistress Claudia, sir," I responded as I slid my mouth off his dormant cock.

"Mistress, eh?" he said with a chuckle. "Well, she's got you pegged right, you little cuntlapper. Yeah, I think Mistress Claudia and I would be able to make good use of your services together. I think the three of us would get along just fine. Now, you little faggot, grab that Vaseline and let's see how good you are at giving handjobs."

"Ummm, Mr. Wolfe sir. Before we do that, I was wondering if you'd do something for me," I said sheepishly.

"What's that, dickwad?"

"Would you give me your piss again, sir?" I asked as I felt my face turning red. He noticed right away.

"Now Jon, I told you that was nothing to be ashamed of. Of course I'll do it. Like I said, you can have as much of my piss as you want. How do you want it?"

"Well, I guess we should go in the shower because I want some in my mouth but I also want you to piss all over me too, if that's okay?"

"That's absolutely okay. You're coming along just fine as my cocksucker, Jon. Let's go," he said as he swung his legs off the bed and I watched his dormant manhood swing low and heavy as he walked into the bathroom. I quickly shed my clothes and when I got to the bathroom, he already had the water running in the shower. When the water was at the right temperature, he climbed into the shower and let the water run over his front until I entered and closed the shower door behind me. He then turned his back to the shower and I dropped to my knees instantly as he hefted his big cock in his hand.

"Okay you piss loving faggot, where do you want it first?"

"In my mouth first please Mr. Wolfe," I said as I dropped my jaw. He moved slightly forward and lifted the head of his cock until it was inches from my open mouth. He gave a couple of short strokes along his cock and then held it still. I watched as the eye of his cock seemed to flex open and then a burst of his hot acrid piss spewed forth right into my open mouth. I swallowed as it quickly began to fill my mouth and savored the hot salty liquid as it slid down my throat. He was pissing powerfully and I could feel it pound against the walls of my mouth as he moved his cock in a small circle as he continued to feed me his piss.

"That's a good little cocksucker," he said as his golden stream filled my yearning mouth. After pissing in my mouth for a short time, I saw him do that breathing thing as he used his hand to pinch off his stream. "Where do you want it now?" he asked as he looked down at me with a pleased smile on his face.

"I want you to spray it all over me Mr. Wolfe. And then if you've got any left, I'd like you to finish up back in my mouth. Please sir?" I said as I looked up at him with a pleading look on my face.

"I think I can handle that," he said as he gave another couple of slow easy strokes along his cock. "Now, you better close your eyes.....'cause her it comes....." Just before I shut my eyes, I saw his piss-slit flex open again as he started with a new stream of piss. I felt it plaster against my cheek as he directed it all over my face and into my hair. He circled it around my face and the steaming hot liquid felt luxurious as it warmed my skin. He aimed lower and sprayed it all over my shoulders and chest. I felt it running down my back as well as my stomach and into my crotch.

"Open up," he said as I felt his hot stream of piss moving back up my chest and neck. I dropped my mouth open just as he set the spitting end right on my tongue. I closed my lips behind the ridge of his crown as he filled my mouth. I moaned with lust as I swallowed the salty acrid piss again and again.

"Keep drinkin', dickface. There's more," he said as he held my face on the end of his spitting cock as he continued to feed me all of his steaming yellow piss. I kept swallowing and swallowing until his stream finally diminished and I felt the final hot drops dribble forth onto my waiting tongue.

"You've got it all. Will that keep you going for awhile cocksucker?" he asked as he looked down at me as I continued sucking softly on his cockhead.

"Mmmmhmmmmm," I moaned into his cockhead and then let it slip out of my mouth. "Thank you Mr. Wolfe."

"Okay, faggot. Let's get cleaned up and then I'm ready for that handjob," he said as he turned back into the spray. I stayed on my knees and luxuriated in the feel of his piss making a nice warm spot in the pit of my stomach. I finally rose as he passed me the soap and gave myself a good scrubbing. I grabbed the shampoo container and gave my hair a good washing as Mr. Wolfe finished up and left me on my own. I stood under the spray and felt the pelting heat of it rain down on me as I rinsed off. I finished up and dried myself and returned to the bedroom. Mr. Wolfe was sitting back in the same position leaning against the headboard propped up by a number of pillows. His knees were drawn up and apart and he was leisurely stroking his long flaccid cock as he watched me cross the room. My eyes were glued to his sliding hand.

"Time for you to take over," he said as he nodded towards his heavy cock. I grabbed the big jar of Vaseline I had just bought and set it beside me as I took my place kneeling on the bed between his spread thighs. I scooped a large gob from the jar and rubbed both hands together until they were warmed and glistening with the slippery lubricant.

"Now, faggot, tell me about your evening with Mistress Claudia," he said as I reached towards his cock with my anxious hands. As I made a gripping corridor with both my hands and started sliding them along the length of his manhood, I started to tell him about arriving at Claudia's huge house and describing to him what she was wearing and how she looked. I felt his cock start to thicken in my sliding hands as I told him about her taking me to her bedroom and unbuttoning one button of her tight sweater for every time I made her cum. His cock lurched in my hands and continued to fill as I took one hand and rotated it around and around his sensitive cockhead while I did the same further down his shaft with my other hand.

"Oh fuck. You are just as good with your hands as you are with your mouth. Keep going, you little cuntlicker," he said as his cock reared up to its full 9 ¾" in my gripping hands. I kept my slippery hands twisting and sliding as I told him about Mistress Claudia using my mouth in different positions as I made her cum again and again. I switched and used that firm gripping hand over hand motion. It was where it looks like you're pulling in a boat by a really thick rope. He moaned as I gripped and pulled along the full length of his pulsing shaft again and again. After doing this for a few minutes, I moved closer on my knees as I pointed his turgid shaft straight up and then did the opposite by pushing downward from the very tip of his cock all the way to the thick firm base with one hand over the other again and again. His cock was once again leaking precum in copious amounts and in it was running down his shaft and turning frothy under my sliding hands. 

"Oh fuck. That is so good. What happened next?" I picked up my story and explained how I had eaten her thru the last two orgasms until her sweater was completely undone. As I was telling him how she allowed me to jerk off on her bra-covered tits, I felt his cock get even harder and saw his balls drawing up towards his body. When I was telling him about me coating her tits and then her making me lick my hot cum off her body, it was enough to send him over the edge.

"OH MOTHERFUCKER!......HERE IT COMES!" he shouted as I felt his cock pulsate in my gripping hands and a huge rope of his thick white cum jettisoned forth high in the air. I watched amazed and at first I thought it was going to hit the ceiling but it reached its high point, slowed and then dropped down to splash against his chest. It was quickly followed by further blasts that spewed forth and then rained down upon his chest and stomach. I could almost feel the fresh semen speeding up his erect shaft under my sliding hands as I pumped gob after gob of his thick milky cream out of his erupting cock. He was moaning and twitching as I tried to coax as much of his succulent seed out of him as I could. As his orgasm finally dwindled, I looked down at my hands which by now were almost covered with his cum. He finally reached out and took my arm to stop my manipulations of his sensitive cock. 

"Whew.......fuck that was great. And I'm still fucking horny. I think by the time you get all this cum cleaned up, I'll be ready for another of those handjobs. And I want to hear the rest of the story," he said as he nodded towards his chest. I looked where he was pointing and saw gobs of his cum soaking into his chest hair and across his stomach. Keeping my cum-covered hands still on his cock, I leaned forwards and lapped up the wads of warm fresh semen covering his upper body. I probed deeply into his chest hair to draw out every pearly seed and then slid my tongue lower to gather the creamy morsels from his stomach. I delved my tongue into his bellybutton to lap up the puddle that had settled there. He watched intently as I then sat back and pulled one hand at a time from his glistening cock and brought them to my mouth. I extended my eager tongue and gathered in the warm creamy baby-batter that he had been kind enough to give me. He watched with a pleased smile on his face as I purred as I licked each hand clean of his man-juice.
