 Dedication ~ I wrote this for joeys-game as a present for his 9000th post on the boards. I gussied it up a tad but it's, essentially, the same story as the original version.

Taking your hand I say, "C'mere, baby, I got a present for you." and lead you over to the couch, where I sit with a sultry smile. The denim, softened by repeated washes, makes my sensitive palms tingle as they slide up the outsides of your thighs to your hips. Pulling you a little closer, so that you stand nearly between my knees, I look up into your eyes. Watching you watch me as my hands glide along your belt to the buckle and undo it. You're smiling down at me, your fingertips caressing my cheeks, reading my hunger in the light stubble as if it were Braille. I keep watching you, smiling back, as I open your pants. I sense the barest vibration of metal on metal in my fingertips as I'm pulling your zipper down one tooth at a time. 

The even softer material of your boxer briefs proves too tempting for me and I lean in, pressing my face into the open V of your jeans. Your scent, the masculine pheromones, assails my sense of smell. That, combined with your hum of pleasure as you comb your fingers into my hair has me groaning and my arousal throbs powerfully, forcing me to reach down to make an adjustment. Inhaling deeply and feeling you go to my head; I begin working your jeans over your hips. Exhaling the deep breath through your shorts and over your cock and I hear you groan, your hands grip my head as your hips push against my face and your jeans slide down to your knees. It only takes a second for me to pull your boxers down to join your jeans, revealing your already plumping cock. You steady yourself on my shoulders while stepping out of both and strip off your t-shirt, casually dropping it on top of the rest.

Leaning in, I flick the tip as it begins to peek out of your foreskin with the flat of my tongue, while my fingers graze over a dusting of hair as they skim up the backs of your legs. My hands reach your cheeks and I cup one in each palm, kneading them with my fingers. Taking the head of your dick in my mouth, I hear your groan as I suck softly and run my tongue under the foreskin. The salty, musky flavor of your skin fills my mouth and, this time, I'm the one who hums with pleasure. Your fingers lace into my hair again and I feel your foreskin pulling further back from the head as your cock quickly grows to its fullest. 

I bob my head on your lengthening shaft, taking in a little more each time. Eventually my forehead touches your abs and my chin touches your balls as I take you in completely, the sensitive head of your cock slips into the opening of my throat. 

I hear you groaning and feel your fingers gripping my hair. My fingers slip between your cheeks and begin toying with your hole and I hear a grunt of surprised pleasure come from you as you grip my head and thrust yourself as deeply into the hot moisture of my mouth as you can. Looking up at you through my lashes I see that your eyes are closed and you're biting your lip. 

I hear the sound of stunned incomprehension and see your eyes fly open in surprise when I suddenly pull away from you just as your balls are beginning to tighten and pull up. Leaning back on the couch, I jerk you down, twisting you so you fall face down across my lap.

One arm comes down across your shoulders and the other across your lower back, holding you in place as I say, "This is the rest...the equivalent of a birthday spanking." 

Raising my hand, I bring it down fast and hard on your left cheek, then your right. Immediately you begin protesting, demanding that I stop but I know better. I know how you love it; I also know that this is part of the game. I laugh and continue, alternating between and counting each side separately, until I've counted out three stingingly hard smacks for each hemisphere. I pause to admire the contrast of white flesh and bright pink handprints, smoothing my palm over them and making you squirm. I feel the head of your cock rub against my thigh as your hips jerk. Pushing us forward so I'm barely perched on the edge of the couch, I spread my knees wide and your aching hard on dangles in the air, unable to make contact with anything.

I land three more blows to each of your cheeks and laughingly taunt you when you pretend to try to escape. You're asking me to stop, insisting that it hurts, almost pleading but not quite. There's still a tone of command in your voice and I intend to paddle it out of you. Stopping once more, I toy with your flame coloured backside, squeezing and rubbing it. You're groaning and panting, your hips rolling with a need for release. A release that you know you won't reach before I allow it. I'm not surprised when you actually have the audacity to reach under yourself, hoping I'll let you get yourself off now instead of later. This too is part of the game we play and I know exactly how to respond to the challenge. 

My palm flashes down, harder than before, making you cry out and snatch your hand away from your cock. I take my time now, delivering the blows at irregular intervals and playing with your buns between the blows. I continue until I've counted nine strikes to each cheek. When I stop this third time your ass feels like it's on fire and the gentlest caress from my fingertips sends bolts of pleasurable pain through your body. I graze my fingertips over the burning hot flesh, hearing you whine with desperation. Gently drawing random patterns with my fingernails, I listen to your huffing breaths and watch your hips roll wildly. I know you've finally taken all that you can when I hear you beg. Your gasped entreaties for release make my own, aching cock throb all the harder and actually hearing the tears in your voice makes me moan. I lean over and place nine, tender, open-mouthed kisses on each cheek and hum my pleasure again when it makes your writhe. Listening to you groan, I slowly lick the length of your crack, feeling your body quake.

Helping you sit up beside me, I switch places with you. You're sitting on the couch and I'm kneeling on the floor in front of you. The soft cushions of the couch feel rough against the tender flesh of your abused backside, sending a constant stream of sensation through you. I see your cock, bobbing with your heartbeat and nearly purple. Just as your lips part to say something, I lean down and take you into my burning hot mouth. Sinking all the way to your pubic bone, I swallow several times before bobbing my head rapidly. Swabbing my tongue back and forth over the underside of the shaft and sucking hard, I knead your balls and gently squeeze them. I get no more than two bobs before you grunt loudly and grab my head in a way that tells me you won't be letting me get away this time. I go with it and relax as you thrust hard and fast, nearly choking me a couple of time when you hit the back of my throat. One thrust, two, and you're holding me down, as I feel the first hard blast of burning hot cum go straight down my throat.