 I came to my sexual awareness early in life and wasted no time discovering all that a woman's body had to offer. My virginity was history when I was 14 and I spent many long hours looking for "some." In my teens I also realized that I was interested in what a male body had to offer as well. Back then in the 1970s nobody really talked about bisexuality. You were either straight or gay, so I was confused. Like so many other teens I eventually found somebody to experiment with, somebody who could keep a secret and by 16 I had my first taste of a man.. and I liked it!

Back in those days before the internet it just wasn't as easy to find men to hook up with so I mostly went without man to man sex and concentrated on women. By the time I was 29 I was living with a 19 year old piece of ass named Vickie. All in all, she was a pain to deal with, usually unemployed and not too smart, but the sex was fantastic. She was 5'5" with long dark brown hair and dark eyes. She had a very pretty, angular face and a devilish smile. Her legs were long, slender and wonderfully shaped. Her ass was small but adorable. She had a tiny little waist and delicious 34C breasts, so sweet, round and firm. She was not a fashion model and she had a look and a way of moving that caught your attention, and a delicious body that she knew how to use. Vickie certainly wasn't a "keeper", not the girl you marry and make a future with, but she was fun to be with for a couple years.

Both of us were pretty adventurous, trying every damned position we could figure out, having sex in public places, trying not to get caught and trying some light bondage and power exchange. I have to say that she took quite well to being in charge and having her way with me. Although I enjoyed her in bondage, it always worked out better when I was the one restrained.

During this time of heightened heterosexual bliss, I was also very hungry for cock. I occasionally hit the rest areas along the highways and stopped at a few parks known for bi men looking to hook up. I also discovered a great phone service where you could set up an account, leaving a voice mail ad. People could cruise your ad and leave messages and you could do the same. It became almost addictive and I was meeting other bi men fairly frequently. I had the best of both worlds and Vickie knew nothing about it. At least not until one day when she got nosy.

My mother always said that if you are doing something that you are trying to keep secret, you will eventually get caught. One day when I was checking the phone mail site, Vickie quietly picked up another phone in the apartment and listened in. I had no idea until much later that she had done this. One day she just started talking about bisexuality and how she thought it would be so hot to watch me with a man. "Does that freak you out, baby?" She asked. I felt my face flush red and my cock rise. I had no idea how to answer except to ask if she'd really like that. She said she thought it would be great and went on to say that she wanted to see me sucking cock. I was floored and had no idea what was happening, but I liked the possibilities. In truth, she had heard my ad, offering head to other bi men and she had heard some of the responses I got and some of the messages I left. She wasn't talking, but she knew that I was a cocksucker. We agreed that we could consider adding a man to our sex play someday just to see how it goes, and we didn't say much more about it at all.

A few weeks later, we decided to set aside a Sunday afternoon for some serious, kinky sex play. She said she wanted to tie me up and try some new things with me. I was up for it, as always. That afternoon she dolled up with some sexy makeup and a little, short, white silk robe. And a talk pair of heels. She looked perfectly sexy. She instructed me to undress and sit on the bed. When she was satisfied with my position she had me hold me hands out to my side and she tied my wrists very securely to the bedposts with silk scarves, and then had me spread my legs so she could secure my ankles in the same way. She them blindfolded me quite securely. I was trussed up and ready for her new surprises.

She started in her typical way, fondling me, biting me, telling me that I am hers to do as she sees fit with. She made me agree, made comply, made me promise that she was in charge and I would ask no questions. It was about this time that the doorbell rang. All I could think was, shit! This is my playtime! What now?!? Vickie got off the bed and scampered down the hall. I heard her open the door and then heard her voice, but no others. Maybe just a neighbor or some church people selling God on a Sunday afternoon. Whoever it was must have been surprised to be greeted at the door by a hot vixen in a short robe and tall heels. The thought of it turned me on and my dick twitched.

When she came back into the room, something didn't sound right and it was obvious she was not alone. I wondered what she was up to. I heard movement, a buckle, a zipper, shoes hitting the floor.... Somebody was undressing. Vickie giggled a little but said nothing until she got on the bed. She bit my nipple, then licked the side of my face and my ear and asked, "Are you ready?" I answered yes and she giggled again and got off the bed. I strained to hear what was going on, but I wasn't sure. Then a felt someone get on the bed. By the motion, I could tell that they were not small, and I felt them straddle me. I could smell cologne, man's cologne and just as I did, Vickie ordered me to open my mouth. As soon as I did, it was soon filled with a very large, hard cock. Oh my God! She brought me a man! My heart was pounding and ten thousand thoughts crashed through my head. My girlfriend had brought me a man.... A man with a very, very large cock! I was freaked out, turned on, scared out of my mind all at the same time. I wondered if she had set this up through the phone mail site. Where did she find this guy? Damn it! This was wild!

I sucked and worshiped this massive shaft as he worked it in and out of my mouth. God, I wished I could see him. I wished that my hands were free, but I had agreed to this, so this was what I had. I could hear Vickie moaning softly. Maybe she was sitting, watching touching herself. What a huge turn on this was. But I soon realized that I heard the sound of kissing between her moans. Shit! There was somebody else in the room and she was doing something with them!

She spoke and told the man on the bed to stop. He withdrew his huge cock from my mouth and got off the bed, only to be replaced by another man who slid his cock into my waiting face without a word. Two men! What was this little bitch up to? This man's cock was smaller than the first guys, but by no means small. My own six inches were dwarfed by both of them. This guy was more aggressive, holding my head and driving in and out harder than the first guy. I was in heaven, but across the room I could hear Vickie. She was making sounds I recognized, sounds she made when my face was between her thighs or when my cock was in her. What was she doing? Was that massive cock inside her?

The second guy was in my mouth for a few minutes and she was having her share of fun across the room. She let out the cry she sang when she was having a good orgasm. I was happy but so damned jealous. Through heaving breaths she told the guy on the bed to stop and come he her. As soon as he left, the first guy was on top of me again and his huge cock at my lips. As soon as my tongued touched it, I could taste the familiar sweet taste of my girl's pussy. Holy shit! This monster cock was in my girl! As soon as the reality struck me, I could hear her fucking the other guy. Mr. Big Cock was pumping my face hard and face and in a short time grabbed the back of my head, jammed his snake into my throat and blew a mighty load into me. I was gagging and tears were running down my face, but I hung in there for every drop. I had no choice. Across the room, Vickie was having another great orgasm and saying, "Look at my little cocksucker!" 

As soon as the big dick was out of my face, the second man took his place and his cock too tasted like my girlfriend's pussy. That little whore. Had she done this for me or for herself? This guy wasted no time, thrusting into my face fast and hard and within a couple minutes, blasted his load into me. He pulled his still-hard cock out of my mouth and rubbed it all over my face. They all laughed as he got off the bed, and then I heard them all leave the room. All I could do was sit there, waiting and thinking about all that had just happened. It was almost too much to fathom.....

So these two guys dump their loads down my throat and I know that they have been fucking my girlfriend. They all walk out of the bedroom and just leave me there tied and blindfolded for what seemed like forever. I can hear them in the kitchen talking and laughing and drinking my beer.

When they come back, nobody got on the bed, but I could hear stuff going on and it was obvious that she was sucking somebody's cock. I knew those sounds she made when she was thoroughly enjoying a hard piece of man-meat. After a few minutes somebody came over to me and took my blindfold off. When my eyes adjusted I could see my girlfriend naked on her knees sucking off this guy Donny we both knew. Holy shit! I know this guy! I have hung out with him and never, never let on in any way that I was bi! He was the first one I blew that day, the one with the big cock. Donny was my age, about 6'3", ex army ranger and powerfully built. He just smiled and told me that he always wanted Vickie and he always wondered if I was a cocksucker. He said he was glad to find out that I was. 

I looked at the other guy and I did not know him. He was Ken, a friend of Vickie's, 20 years old about 5'7" with a tight, strong build. He looked at me, smiled and said something like. Thanks for the blow job, now watch this.

He went and stood near Vickie and she swapped her mouth back and forth between their cocks, looking at me and smiling while she did. I was completely turned on and totally furious all at the same time, so fucking jealous that she was sucking other men's dicks and not mine, so damn jealous that I wasn't sucking them myself.

Then she got up and knelt on all fours across the bed near my feet. Her beautiful breasts were hanging ever so nicely and her cute ass was raised. Her feet were sticking off the side of the bed and Donny, the big guy, came up behind her and slid his big cock into her pussy from behind. The other guy knelt on the bed in front of her and she sucked his cock. It was hot, hot, hot watching my girlfriend be such a fucking slut. I remember thinking that I never want to touch her whore pussy again. Donny's cock was huge compared to mine and I wondered if she'd even want my 6 inches again after having him inside her. 

Donny pounded her and she was gagging on Ken's cock and moaning like crazy. This went on for ten or fifteen minutes, and there was nothing I could do but watch with a raging boner as my girlfriend was used like a whore, and loving every minute of it. Finally Donny grabbed her hips hard and came inside her pussy while she made all sorts of noises with the other guy's cock in her mouth until he finally came too, dumping a part of his load in her mouth and some on her face. She was holding his cum in her mouth and she crawled up the bed to me. She was dripping with sweat and her mascara was running. I had never seen her like this, never been able to take her to this place. Shit, I never knew that she had it in her! She rubbed her face on my face, wiping Ken's cum onto me, then she kissed me, hard and deep and slid the balance his cum into my mouth. My cock was on fire and I was oozing precum like crazy.

She turned around and straddled me so her ass was in my face. Donny's cum was oozing out of her pussy and she told me to eat her clean, and she pressed her pussy into my face. I lapped and licked her wet hole like a thirsty man finding water in the dessert. As I did, she leaned over and went down on me like a beast, devouring my cock like she had never done before. . I came pretty fast and hard with her grinding her ass and pussy in my face. She had me in her mouth down to the balls and waited there for every last drop. She licked me clean and then turned around, brought her face to mine and kissed me, spitting my own cum into my mouth. .She leaned back, wiping her face and laughed. "Look at you, covered in cum." She said.. "You really are one Hell of a cocksucker." They all laughed and she laid back on the bed between my legs, her red pussy just out of reach of my limp dick. Both guys leaned over and sucked her tits and fingered her for a while as she giggled like a happy school girl. Then she rolled towards Donny, and then Ken, kissing the heads of their cocks and say, "time to go, boys." They got dressed, kissed her deeply and said goodbye. Donny rubbed a finger across my face, wiping some cum off my chin, and then stuck his finger in my mouth. "Thanks again, you little slut. We'll be back." She walked them to the door, still naked. 

When she came back she sat and looked at me and called me good cocksucker. She told me it was hot watching me be a cum slut and it felt so good being fucked in front of me. She straddled me and shoved her tits in my face, letting me suckle her then she went to the shower, leaving me tied. She refused to untie until she showered, dried her hair and dressed. When she finally agreed to release me and let me shower, she looked me square in the ye and said, "you won't be restraining me anymore, baby. I'm taking charge from here on and you better get used to this being your new place in life."