 I was on the wrestling team with Brody since we were in our sophomore year in high school. Brody was a good looking guy with big muscles in his legs, back and glutes. He wrestled in the 195 weight class and I was in the 160 weight class. We had grown to be good friends over the years. I admit I had sort of a bro-crush on Brody. I kept it to myself because I didn't want to lose Brody as a friend.

Over the summer of our senior year Brody had packed on about 15 pounds of pure muscle. From what I saw in the shower his dick got thicker and his balls hung lower as well. Everything about him seemed bigger. He was really turning into a classically handsome and hung man. When I was alone in my bed at night, I would fantasize about playing with his big dick, while beating off. Because I was 18 years old I beat off a lot. I mean a lot!

Our coach was a big man with a physic that put us all to shame. He was about 240 pounds and 6'3" tall. He could dead lift 300 pounds and he could complete 50 pushups with one of us wrestlers sitting on his back. He curled 65 pound dumbbells like they were made out of air. He was a powerful man! He also was mean as a junk yard dog and treated us like he owned us. He was loud, he was obnoxious and he swore up a storm. He never asked us, but, commanded us to do his bidding. He called us pussies and little girls when he didn't think we were trying hard enough. When the coach yelled for you to hit the showers, you hit the showers. If he told you to "Fucking get your mind in the game!" You did exactly what he said, when he said it. No one gave the coach any shit. He was one tough fearless fucker. The most important thing to the coach was that he had a championship team. He lived and breathed wrestling! The most compelling thing, to know, about the coach, was that he was Brody's Dad.

I felt sorry for Brody having such an alpha male as a father, but, he didn't seem to mind. Brody's mother died when he was young and now it was just him and his Dad. Brody was the best wrestler we had on the team. I think part of that was the extra training he got from having his Dad as a coach.

Like Brody, I had lost a parent. My own Father died when I was in second grade. I think that is why I liked Brody so much. He was the male influence, in my life, that I craved.

If I had a bro-crush on Brody, I had a man-crush on Coach Stone. Coach Stone wasn't the kind of guy who you could talk to. He made you feel like he had more important things to do than listen to some high school wrestler. "What the fuck you want now?" coach would boom. I learned early on that keeping quiet around him and following orders was best for survival. I was terrified of the big man, but, his alpha superior attitude and his thick muscles made my dick tingle.

Shortly after school had started Brody celebrated his 18th birthday. He invited me over to his house to see how his Dad had fixed up the garage to be his man cave. I was expecting it to be a great place to watch a football game with a big screen TV and a comfortable sofa. I was surprised when Brody unlocked the garage door and the space had been converted into a gym complete with a wrestling circle outlined on the rubberized mats that covered most of the floor. The walls were mirrored from the floor to the ceiling. There was a sauna, shower and a Jacuzzi as well. "Only men are allowed in here!" Brody said with pride. This is where I practice my moves and my Dad gives me the pointers that I need. "No kids and no women are allowed!"

Just then Coach Stone pushes through the door. "What did I fucking tell you about being in the man cave Brody?" the coach said as if he were angry. Brody started to untie his shoes while the coach pulled off his own shoes. "It's the same when your here Chris." I immediately began to take off my shoes. But Brody and Coach Stone continued pulling off their shirts and dropping their pants. "Chris, this is a man cave. Only men are allowed in here. We are allowed to be buck naked. We are men who are proud of our bodies. When we're here, we are naked!" Both Brody and the coach were down to their jockstraps. It figured that both father and son would wear a jock under their street clothes! I was anxious to get a really good look at Brody's thick cock. But, I couldn't believe that I was going to be in the same room as the coach naked!

Then the coach walked over to me and pulled my shirt roughly over my head and threw it on the floor. "Don't be a pussy Chris. We all have seen dicks before." Well I'm no pussy! I dropped my pants and stepped out of my underwear. I looked up to see that Brody and his Dad had stripped off their jocks and are totally naked. I took a quick glance at Coach Stone I was shocked! I knew his body was nice, but I didn't expect the six pack abs and the abnormally big piece of meat hanging between his legs. "Let me get us a cold drink before we get started." The coach walked across the room with his dick slapping his thighs with every step. His glutes flexed when he bent over to get the drinks from the refrigerator. When he walked over to hand me a soda I could hardly keep from looking at his big balls hanging so close to his knees. "Let's down these drinks and get started."

"Get started?" I said.

"Yeah, we're going to work out. We wanted you to come over so that my Dad can help you as well," Brody explained.

"Chris, I know Brody outweighs you but practicing with someone bigger than you will make you stronger and you will be able to dominate guys in your own weight class with no problem." 

We walk over to the mats and Coach Stone says, "Get in the starting position with Brody on top." I get down on all fours in the middle of the circle and Brody kneels beside me. Brody reaches around my waist with his right arm and places his hand on my stomach. Then he places his left hand on my left elbow. Coach blows the whistle and Brody immediately reaches across my chest and grabs my right arm and pulls it toward him. At the same time he raises his knees off the mat and with the balls of his feet on the floor he begins to push me over. I had no choice but to lose my balance and with a thud I was on the floor with Brody's body on my back. Brody still has my right arm trapped under my body making that arm useless to me. Then Brody slowly maneuvered his body around until his legs were straddling my head. I was helpless.

Brody had me under his control! I was looking for a weakness, a flaw in his movements. I needed a way to escape his grasp! Then Brody pulled my right arm from under my body, while lifting my shoulder and flipped me over unto my back. Brody trapped my arms between his legs and my body. He then reached behind my back and around my thighs and lifted my legs up forcing my shoulders down on the mat. I knew at that point I was pinned. I have to admit, I was a little distracted with Brody's ample nuts hanging in my face. Brody's beautiful piece of meat was only inches from my mouth. All I had to do is raise my head a little and I could access those heavy nuts and suck on that cock!

"Fucking No Brody! You're doing it wrong!" Coach Stone boomed. "Put Chris down and get on all fours. Chris you stay there." Hell, I'd gladly stay here. I can take my time examining Brody's junk as it dangled in front of my nose. Coach Stone came over and dropped to his knees right between Brody's legs. My face was now framed by these two studs' thick thighs. Coached moved in over Brody's body. He then bent over his son and reached around his mid-section. That put me in a unique position. Both of my fantasy men had their meat hanging above my face. As I breathed I was overwhelmed by the manly order that was coming from the cock and balls near my mouth.

"Okay Chris it's your move," Coached barked. I had no idea what he was talking about. I couldn't move. Now both of them had me trapped between their legs. My arms were still unable to break free. I couldn't move at all. "I'm sure I had a boner by now!" How am I going to explain that! Coach yelled, "Chris, don't be a pussy, man up! Make your move!" I had no clue what wrestling move I could make to get out of this situation. "Fucking do it Chris!" I decided to make the only move I could. I couldn't help myself; I raised my head and started to lick Coach Stone's big nuts. I heard him sigh. I wrapped my lips around one nut and sucked it into my mouth. The taste was salty and manly. It tasted fucking good! I dropped that ball out of my mouth and took hold of the other and used my tongue to feel and taste every inch of the encased sperm maker. Coach's sack hung lower as I sucked on his nuts. I really wanted to swallow each of his balls. My cock had to be hard as a rock! I couldn't ignore Brody's balls so I dropped Coaches balls and pulled one of Brody's nuts into my mouth and began to suck and roll it around with my tongue. 

I could hear Brody say, "Fuck man, that feels fucking great!" I sucked and licked Brody's balls like I had a couple of big jawbreakers in my mouth. The taste was a little different from Coach's nuts but I wouldn't mind sucking on these all day. I felt like my cock would explode. Then I switched back to Coach Stone's beautiful package sucking and pulling his balls into my mouth. 

Then, I got a genius idea! I went back to Brody's balls and sucked one of his nuts back into my mouth. Then with Brody's nut in my mouth I maneuvered until I could reach Coach Stone's balls and I sucked it one of his into my waiting lips. I ran my tongue around both man's nuts at the same time. Both Brody and his Dad grunted and moaned. I knew I was doing something right! I could feel my cock dripping pre-cum on my stomach. Fuck! I could cum right now if I let myself do it, but I wasn't ready yet. 

Then the Coach says, "Chris, now start on my dick." I pushed both men's balls aside with my nose and worked my tongue into the Coach's foreskin. I could feel the velvety texture of his foreskin on one side of my tongue while I could feel the spongy texture of the coach's bloated dick head on the other. I took that opportunity to find Coach Stone's piss hole and tried to wiggle my tongue in as deep as I could. I was rewarded with a little taste of this bull of a man's pre-cum. My cock was going to split down the middle if I didn't cum soon. Coach's foreskin began to retract off the now deep purple dick head. His shaft was growing longer, harder and thicker. Coach Stone's cock began to rise making it hard for me to keep my mouth connected to his tasty meat.

"Please God, don't let me cum yet!" I prayed.

I felt Coach's balls slide back across my forehead which gave me a perfect view of his thick erect cock. It was not pretty and smooth, it looked like a flesh colored tree limb with thick blue veins pulsing with every heartbeat. The head of his dick was purple and smooth. It was shaped like a mushroom cap. A big drop of cum was starting to leak out of his cock. It was slowly stretching from his piss hole hanging on by a thin thread of pre-cum. The drop was growing by the second and inching it's way down closer to my open mouth. I stuck out my tongue to catch the sperm ball just when it broke away from it's tether. The drop hit my tongue and I felt my whole brain jolt! It was a mind blowing sensation I had never experienced. I just got my first drop of Coach Stone's cum. I was brought back to reality as I felt Coach's nuts slide once more slowly unto my face. I could see in slow motion that the head of Coach's dick was heading toward Brody's asshole! My nuts had pulled up toward my body. I was so close to shooting my load. I watched as the tip of Coach's dick came into contact with Brody's hole. Brody gasped! At the same time Coach reached down and grabbed Brody's hard cock. I was thinking, please, no one touch my dick. You will make me cum! Then I watched as Brody's hole was forced slowly open as Coach pushed his thick cock into tight hole. I was mesmerized as I watched coach's cock disappeared into Brody's ass. 

Brody began moaning incoherently. It was too intense I was going to shoot my load. "Suck on my nuts!" The coach commanded. Glad for the diversion, I immediately stretched my neck up as high as I could and suck both of Coach's nuts into my mouth. I tugged on them and swirled my tongue around the sperm making orbs. But each time he pulled his enormous dick out of Brody's ass his balls would pull out of my mouth and be dragged across my forehead. Then as Coach Stone's cock sank back into Brody spreading his hole, his balls would slide once again across my face. I never thought I would ever be in this situation and it was blowing my mind! I was at the edge! I was going to blow! I tried to think of dead puppies or anything to hold me back. I didn't want to cum yet. I wanted to edge as long as my cock would let me.

I could hear Brody repeating over and over, "Fuck, Oh! Fuck. Dad Oh Fuck Oh! Fuck." Coach continued pushing his big cock deep into Brody's ass. The pace picked up and the noises got louder. I couldn't believe I was in a threesome with my two secret fantasies. I was surrounded by more male flesh and testosterone than I ever thought possible. Finally I heard Brody say, "Oh God Dad, I'm cuming! I'm going to shoot!" I watched as Coach jacked the sperm right out of Brody's cock with his big hand. Spurt after spurt of Brody's hot sperm shot across my chest and abs. The feeling of having this stud's hot jizz on my body was more than I could handle. I could feel myself losing control. This was it! I was going to blow my load! 

Then Coach Stone said, "Hold on Chris, I got something for you." I could see the skin on Coach's cock was pulled tight. His cock was huge and I could feel his legs begin to shake. I watched as Coach Stone's cock convulsed as each shot of cum left his dick and landed deep inside Brody's ass. "Here is a load of your daddy's sperm." Both Brody and his Dad focused on each other. Then Coach Stone did something that completely caught me off guard. Coach pulled his giant cock out of Brody's hole and shot his last wave of sperm on my face across my lips. "Here you go Chris!"

That was all that I could stand. I just started to babble and buck wildly. I sucked what cum I could reach into my mouth. It seemed so perverted so wrong and yet, I couldn't stop. Then my cock exploded as rope after rope of thick sperm rocketed out my cock landing on my chest and stomach. My breathing was erratic and my heart was beating so hard I was afraid I might have a heart attack. I couldn't think. I could only enjoy what was happening to my mind and body. The orgasm left me disoriented. It left me drained and weak.

Just when I started to recover, I felt Brody lay down on top of my body, squeezing the last drops of cum out of my cock, as our sperm was mixed together between our two bodies. Next, I felt the coach lay on top of Brody's body. I was left weighted down by two thick slabs of Grade "A" prime beef! Both of their cocks landed on my face leaking out the last of their cum. I couldn't move, I could hardly breathe, but, I quickly snagged what sperm I could with my tongue. I didn't want one drop to go to waste. I couldn't believe what had just taken place. My mind was confused but I felt euphoric. This was the first time I ever had sex with another man. Having sex with these two fantasy studs was a great start. They set the bar pretty high! I was hoping that all of my sexual adventures would be this great!