 It was late at night, when Coach heard the moans coming from the lockeroom. The moans were low and throaty, and accompanied by loud whispers. Getting closer Coach was able to make out the whispers. It was just one word over and over again. 

'Alex, Alex, Alex.'

Turning the corner he sees the culprit. 

Tommy Barnes lays on one of the benches legs spread wide. His rippling abs are shiny with sweat, his light dusting of body hair matted to his body. In one hand he held his slick cock, pumping hard and fast. His other hand was between his legs, fingering his pink hole. A stained jockstrap was stretched across his face, the young man huffing the masculine odours ingrained in the fabric. Coach was completely entranced. He knew he should stop the boy. Sexual activity was forbidden in the lockeroom. But, he wanted to watch a while longer. Stroking himself through his shorts he stared at the young man on the bench for a for a long time, admiring his masculine beauty. Needing some fresh air, Tommy removed the rank jockstrap from his face. Like the rest of his body his face was shiny with sweat. His eyes fluttered and his lips quivered as he got closer to climax. Shame lingered in the Coach's thoughts as he realised what he was doing. This was wrong. Taking advantage of a nineteen year old boy, invading his privacy. It needed to stop. 

'Tommy!' shouted Coach sternly. 

Immediately Tommy sat up looking startled. 

'Coach! I thought I was alone,' cried Tommy completely mortified. 

'Well your not boy, get into my office now!'

Tommy stood in Coach's office completely naked, precum still dripping from his cock head.

'You should be ashamed of yourself Tommy. Sexual activity in the lockeroom is banned. And stealing your teammate's gear to get yourself of is filthy.'

'I'm sorry Coach, I'm just so horny all the time,' replied Tommy. 

'That is no excuse boy!' shouted Coach 'I was nineteen years old once. I never did what you did.'

'Come on Coach. All the masculine odours and pheromones on those jocks gets me hard as fuck.'

'That doesn't excuse your actions Tommy,' said Coach sternly 'You're going to have to be punished.'

Tommy had other plans. He had noticed the wet spot on the front of Coach's gym shorts. Clearly Coach had been watching him earlier, and was aroused by Tommy's naked body. 

'I'm still horny as fuck Coach,' said Tommy sitting on the couch. 'Im gonna finish myself of right here.'

'Tommy, im warning you, don't test my patience.'

'The leather feels so good on my skin,' whimpered Tommy slowly pumping his cock. 

'Stop Tommy!'

'My ass is begging for my fingers,' said Tommy opening his legs wide. 

Before Tommy's fingers could reach his hungry hole, Coach grabbed Tommy's wrists and pinned them above his head. Both men's faces were just inches away from each of. Their breath, hot on each other's faces.

'You don't dare touch yourself in front of me boy.'

'Why? Don't pretend your cock isn't rock hard right now,' said Tommy defiantly.

'Don't be ridiculous boy!' shouted Coach.

'I can tell you're wondering what it would be like to touch me,' said Tommy 'Come on, stop wondering, and do it.'

Coach looked at Tommy with anger in his eyes. He was angry become the boy was right. But, giving in would be absolutely wrong. 

'Come on Coach. Im right here,' said Tommy softly. 

Coach dropped Tommy's wrist and pulled the boy in for a hard kiss. Both men made out passionately for a while, their hands exploring their smooth muscled bodies.

'Your ass still want those fingers Tommy?'

'Fuck yes. I want your fingers in me,' begged Tommy.

With that, Coach spat on his index and middle fingers and slowly inserted the young man's ass. 

Tommy's mouth dropped open and his eyes rolled back in his head as Coach's slick fingers found his prostate. It was complete ecstasy. The boy writhed in pleasure, his ass clenched tight around Coach's fingers. 

'You love that, don't you, you pevert,' teased Coach 'I bet you sodomise yourself every night thinking about your teammates.'

All Tommy could do was nod at his Coach. His 19 year old body was in overdrive. Seeing this, Coach licked the precum of Tommy's cock head, sending the boy over the edge. Tommy roared as ropes of hot cum shot all over his abs. As the orgasm subsided, Coach licked every rope of thick cum and sweat of Tommy's abs. He then kissed Tommy hard on the lips, making the boy taste his own seed.

'We're not leaving until your balls are empty,' said Coach taking Tommy's cock in his hand. 

To be continued...