 Chapter 2 - Loving and Giving

Stewart, Stewie Donovan awoke with a feeling of warmth and contentment he hadn't felt in a long time. A slight movement set up a chain reaction of aches and twinges throughout his body. Some were due to less pleasurable reasons and he consciously forced them from his mind. Instead he focused on the internal ache that heralded memories of pleasure he had never known before. He had made love with Jackson Kingston, Cobalt Blue Team Leader and his Jaze. Stewie's eyes widened as he realised he was pillowed on Jaze's left shoulder, the older man's broad chest was stretching before him. The muscular chest was covered in a light dusting of dark hair, from which two dark pink nipples stood proudly. Stewie felt his mouth water at the prospect of sucking them. The dark hair descended towards Jaze's groin, but that area of his lover was covered by the sheet. Focusing back on the enticing nipples, Stewie decided that just a small movement would be sufficient. He shifted minutely and found his lips pressing against the pink nub. With a soft sigh of pleasure, Stewie began to suckle contentedly.

Soon, the inability to admire the rest of Jaze's body began to irritate the younger man and as he suckled at Jaze's breast, he carefully pushed back the sheet. His eyes followed the trail of Jaze's hair to the thick, dark public pelt. Stewie groaned softly around the flesh in his lips as he pictured himself nuzzling through the rich nest of curls. Beyond that Stewie saw on Jaze's right thigh a beautiful, semi-erect, large thick shaft. Stewie could barely believe he had taken it inside himself last night, but the delicious residual ache as well as Stewie's own memories assured him he had. Unable to resist touching it, Stewie reached tentatively downwards. As his fingers ghosted over the organ, it twitched and thickened, filling before Stewie's enraptured eyes. The younger man was unaware of his own hardening flesh or of his gentle rocking against his mate's solid side.

Jaze, however, was very aware of both. He had awakened as Stewie suckled his nipple and had barely stifled the groan of appreciation for Stewie's unconsciously erotic virginal caresses. He now needed to touch and taste his young love.

"Morning, lover," he purred huskily.

"Jaze, you're awake!" Stewie exclaimed, blushing crimson. Before he could become further flustered a large hard body pinned him to the bed and demanding lips covered his own. As he sighed pleasurably, a knowing, slick muscle pushed past his teeth and duelled erotically with his own. As Jaze broke their kiss, he smiled down into Stewie's flushed face.

"Morning, lover," he said again.

"Morning, love," Stewie breathed gazing upwards into warm, amused hazel eyes.

"Much better," Jaze purred nibbling at the tender flesh of Stewie's throat. Stewie arched his neck to offer better access, silently begging for more of the gentle love bites. Jaze hummed his approval and nipped and sucked as his lover wanted. "You like this, baby?" he asked unnecessarily.

"Uh huh," Stewie murmured dreamily. In addition to the soft bites to his throat, a large, strong hand was gently squeezing at his left breast, teasing the rapidly hardening nipple with a talented thumb. 

"Oh yeah," Jaze breathed. "You really like this." Jaze moved his oral assault to the small brown nipples, nipping and laving each in turn till Stewie was moaning and writhing continually beneath him. Jaze was aware of the smaller man's hand reaching towards his neglected erection and Jaze swatted it away. "Oh no, lover," he growled. "That's mine now and you only touch it when I say so."

"Jaze," Stewie moaned breathlessly. "Please."

"Ah, the impatience of youth," Jaze sighed dramatically before engulfing the whole of Stewie's length into hot wetness.

"Jaze!" Stewie screamed his lover's name. Already teased to the brink of his endurance, the inexperienced younger man climaxed almost immediately, filling Jaze's mouth with his thick crème. Jaze's appetite was voracious, the older man swallowing all his lover could provide before reluctantly releasing his prize. He gazed at the beautiful face of the sated young man, smiling widely.

"I think I want to start all my days like this," he said, his voice dark and seductive. "With you in my mouth, spilling your essence. You want that, baby?"

"Oh yes, Jaze," Stewie panted. "Want you in me. Please," he begged shamelessly. His hands caressed Jaze's short dark hair and down the beloved face to trace the full lips.

"You can have me, love," Jaze assured. "You sure you're not too sore from last night?" he asked solicitously.

"I'm sure, love" Stewie replied.

"Good," Jaze husked. "He looked at Stewie with such desire, love and lust that the younger man shivered in anticipation and renewed arousal. "The question is how to have you," he growled. "Maybe I should take you on your hands and knees, or maybe on your back, your legs spread wide for me."

"Jaze," Stewie moaned. "He had never believed that words could be arousing, but Jaze's were, helped by the seductive tone the older man employed. He found his mouth covered by Jaze's and he could taste his release in the bigger man's mouth. He sucked eagerly on Jaze's tongue before his own was captured and ravished leisurely. Jaze had no intention of forgetting that Stewie was still almost a virgin and wanted to ensure Stewie enjoyed their second mating as much as their first. He sucked another passion mark onto Stewie's neck, relishing the way the younger man responded to his words. Stewie was the most responsive lover Jaze had ever known and would be the older man's last. He instinctively knew he had met his soul-mate and last night had committed for life to the special man beneath him. Remembering their previous love-making, Jaze rolled them so Stewie was now above him.

"Your turn, baby," he urged softly. "Explore me."

M...my turn," Stewie stuttered looking at the bigger man with wide eyes. 

"I don't want a sexual sub, Stewie," Jaze said. "I may be dominant and I think we both enjoy that," he smiled at the emphatic nod from the younger man. "But I want you to be as comfortable touching me as I already feel touching you. I want to make love with you, baby," he said his large hands framing Stewie's exquisite face. "But first I want you to touch me."

"I love you, Jaze," Stewie said, adoration making the sapphire eyes glow. He moved to straddle the bigger man smiling with pleasure at the feel of the lightly furred, muscular thighs against his own smooth skin. "I love how hairy you are," he offered blushing.

"I love the smoothness of your skin, love," Jaze assured. "That makes us very compatible."

Smiling, Stewie nuzzled the goatee beard and then kissed down Jaze's jaw. Shuffling further down Jaze's legs, Stewie sucked each prominent dark pink nipple, relishing the soft groan this engendered from his bigger mate. He moaned himself at Jaze reached to cup each of his nether cheeks, pulling them apart and kneading them. Finally Stewie reached Jaze's groin. Remembering his desire from earlier he rubbed his face into the thick pelt of pubic fur. He inhaled Jaze's unique musk and felt his own shaft harden as he nuzzled the base of Jaze's. He kissed the reddened head and then licked slowly up the underside. His reward was a drawn out groan and Stewie was thrilled he was arousing Jaze. He took the head into his mouth and sucked before licking cat-like at the slit and swallowing Jaze's pre-come. Moving lower, he reached the heavy, furred sac. Carefully he took each precious oval it contained individually into his mouth and sucked gently. A strong hand in his hair, tugging insistently made him look up.

At the sight of his mate, the blond hair dishevelled, the angelic face flushed, lying between his spread thighs, Jaze almost lost his control and came. With a supreme effort, he reached down and squeezed the base of his throbbing shaft hard. He wanted to come inside his young lover.

"I want you, love," he husked. "I need to be inside you now."

"Take me, Jaze," Stewie offered without hesitation. He rolled off the older man, spreading his legs in wanton supplication.

Jaze coated his fingers and gently prepared the slender channel. He could feel the residual looseness and slickness from their previous love-making and a primal part of his mind screamed 'Mine'. They traded open wet kisses as Jaze inserted two, then three fingers into the smaller man, brushing gently over Stewie's sweet spot to soft cries of pleasure. He raised himself over the slighter form, hooking one of Stewie's legs over his shoulder to open the younger man to him and began his slide inside. As he was fully sheathed in tight, slick heat, the older man paused to allow Stewie to accommodate to the shaft that now impaled him.

Stewie reached up to caress Jaze's face and then down to pinch gently at the bigger man's nipples. He closed his eyes and clenched his inner muscles. "Now, Jaze," he sighed.

Jaze's mouth captured his and the older man began to thrust shallowly and slowly. As Stewie began to move in tandem with the bigger man, Jaze sped up and increased the depth of his thrusts. The mewls that were spilling from Stewie's lips let him know his flesh was hitting the slighter man's sweet spot. Jaze found he didn't have to search for the perfect angle. His own large size combined with the small channel in which he had found his home meant that his deeper thrusts rubbed the gland automatically. He reached between their bodies to seek out Stewie's erection and he stroked the younger man in time with his thrusts.

Stewie threw back his head as Jaze expertly touched him. Every nerve in his body seemed alive and heat pooled deliciously in his groin as his climax moved inexorably closer. He panted as Jaze's mouth moved over his throat, sucking and biting as he stroked the slender rod between Stewie's legs. Stewie cried aloud as Jaze bit harder with controlled pressure. It was the final straw for the younger man. He came undone crying Jaze's name as his seed hit both their chests. As his internal muscles clamped down on Jaze's shaft the older man roared his own completion, filling the slender, spasming channel with his seed.

As he came down from his sexual high, Jaze rolled the two men so that Stewie now draped languorously over his broad chest. He trailed his fingers in Stewie's come and raised them to his lips sucking voluptuously. He was already addicted to his lover's crème. 

"I love you, Jaze," Stewie murmured drowsily. "Yours?" he asked.

"I love you, Stewie and yes, love you're mine. Now and always, just as I'm yours."

"Always," Stewie said and Jaze could feel the young man's smile.

"Sleep, baby," he urged. "I'll be here when you wake."

"Promise?" the word was little more than puffed air.

"I promise, Stewie," Jaze replied. "I'm never letting you go, love."

He wrapped his arms around the satiated young man and listened contentedly to the soft snuffles heralding Stewie's descent into sleep