 Cobalt Blue 3 - Halloween Special

The tall, muscular man walked imperiously through the throng of revellers at the night's party. He was both aware of and immune to the admiring glances that both sexes sent his way. He stood a couple of inches over six feet tall and his muscular frame was well displayed by the immaculate tuxedo he wore that evening. He filled it to perfection. His dark hair was slicked back and his goatee beard well trimmed. He had wanted to look nothing less than flawless for this special night. This night, in this place, he intended to take his Chosen. He licked his lips in anticipation and then ran them over the sharp incisors.

//The one night of the year no-one pays any attention to teeth like this// he thought with a mental smile.

His hazel eyes coolly appraised the crowd. His Chosen was somewhere in the mass of humanity. The Watcher cast his gaze around again from a second vantage point. A glimpse of gold had the Watcher focus deeper into the crowd and a rumbling growl of pleasure escaped the powerful chest.

His Chosen.

He moved closer, focusing on the sensually gyrating form. Soft, straight blond hair hung to slender shoulders. Dazzlingly blue sapphire eyes shone with joy and the Cupid's bow lips were in a wide smile. Slender bodied, the dancer moved with an elegant, sinuous grace.

The Watcher's eyes devoured the lissom form. It was clear from the way the outfit clung to every curve of the svelte body that the only underwear could be a g-string. His Chosen was in a skin-tight lycra body suit decorated with feline spots. A spotted mask was worn across the eyes and failed to detract from breathtaking beauty. A thick, furry spotted tail fastened above tight, pert buttocks completed the ensemble.

//Delicious// the Watcher mused and then frowned. He had thought his Chosen was simply dancing amongst the crowd; however from this distance the Watcher could see the other male. He growled softly, warningly.//That won't do at all//. 

He rapidly closed the distance ignoring all others till he stood behind his Chosen. He had recognised the look in the interloper's eyes; a mix of admiration and lust. //Mine// the Watcher's mind screamed. A proprietary arm looped around the slender waist and burning hazel eyes locked on the other male's. Staking his claim silently the Watcher awaited the other male's response. Fleetingly their eyes met before the other inclined their head acknowledging the prior claim. The Watcher smiled triumphantly.

"That wasn't very nice" a soft voice admonished.

"Sorry, my sweet," the Watcher purred seductively. "But you are mine."

"I am?" the blond questioned and then gasped as the Watcher's tongue laved the sensitive skin behind their ear. Simultaneously, hard flesh ground insistently against toned buttocks and sharp teeth grazed dangerously over the rapid pulse at the fragile throat.

"Oh yes, my sweet. All mine."

The Watcher continued to grind himself against the smaller body in his arms, revelling in the taste and scent of his Chosen. He permitted one hand to ghost across small nipples now hard and peaked before it drifted lower. He growled in approval at the enticing bulge.

"We can't have anyone else seeing what's mine," the Watcher purred and swung the blond into his embrace, cradling their head on his shoulder. His free hand slid possessively to the small of his Chosen's back. Now their mutual hardnesses could press together. His smile was feral as the smaller male rubbed shamelessly against him like the cat he dressed to imitate.

"I can't believe how you make me feel," the blond moaned softly. "Even with all these people around me I want you."

"Then let us have a more...private...party. One just to ourselves," the Watcher husked. "Come with me, my sweet."

He led the smaller man by the hand through the crowd, neither noticing the glances sent their way. As they emerged from the ballroom, the Watcher slid a strong arm around his Chosen's waist as though afraid they would escape him.

"Where are we going?" the soft voice asked.

"Somewhere we won't be disturbed, my sweet," the Watcher assured.

Confidently he led the young man to a large spiral staircase and up to the next floor. He had made a special study of this building. He knew all the entrances and exits and had selected this room as ideal. He was pleased to see his Chosen looked curious, not apprehensive. He produced a key and unlocked a door with a plate marked 'Linen'. He pulled the unresisting young man inside and flicked on the light. He immediately located two torches, flicking them on before switching off the main light. There was sufficient space for the men to move comfortably.

"You planned this," the soft voice held an accusatory tone and the Watcher acted quickly.

"I like to be prepared," he growled before sealing his mouth over the pouting lips he had longed to claim. Soft lips parted under his and he delved instantly into the warm wet cavern. As his tongue subdued his Chosen's, his hands moved to deftly unzip the bodysuit. He slid his hands inside to cup each taut buttock.

"Sharp," the man in his arms exclaimed as his tongue brushed against the prominent incisors.

"Then I will have to be very careful, my sweet," the Watcher growled seductively. He pulled the opened suit from the slender shoulders to expose two dark discs with alluring small brown nubs begging silently to be sucked...nipped.

The blond moaned as wet heat enveloped a sensitive nub and it was sucked gently. Alternating between each irresistible nipple, the bigger man bit and laved until they were both highly sensitised and reddened from his attentions. The blond fisted the other's dark hair arching into the oral assault. He shivered with arousal as sharp teeth grazed the erect flesh.

"Please," he begged.

"Soon, my sweet," came the dark sinful voice.

The younger man gasped at the suit was pulled to his ankles and his footwear, followed by the suit, were then pulled from his body. He looked up as the older man seemed to loom even bigger as he stood naked before him.

"I would have you naked before me at all times." The Watcher whispered darkly. "It pleases me to see you like this; naked, hard." 

The last word was whispered so sinfully the blond thought his knees would give out and he found the bigger man holding him as he trembled with arousal. The only sounds he could make were soft whimpers as wet open kisses were pressed from his chest to the small blond pubic pelt. 

The bigger man nuzzled at the slender rod that stood proudly from the small nest of blond curls. With a soft growl of appreciation the Watcher licked a swathe from root to tip and tongued the tiny slit to lap up the steadily leaking pre-come.

"Sweet," he purred sinfully. "I would taste your living essence, my beautiful one," he murmured before engulfing the engorged shaft. He sucked voraciously, one hand fondling the almost hairless sac the other squeezing tight buttocks. He carefully allowed his preternaturally sharp teeth to graze the precious flesh before sucking hard once more His reward was a scream and jets of salty-sweet crème pulsing into his mouth. He swallowed greedily, relishing the cry of completion whilst simultaneously realising the noise may have attracted unwanted attention.

//That will need remedying// the watcher thought. He licked the spent organ clean as he listened for anyone approaching.

Smiling, he stood to once again loom over the diminutive, naked form. He pushed sweat damp hair from the beautiful, flushed face.

"Taste yourself," he commanded softly as he plundered the willing mouth. As they broke apart, he placed his hand on the top of the blond head. "Kneel," he ordered and was obeyed instantly. Although the older man was already hard and leaking, the sight of the beautiful boy kneeling naked and submissively before him aroused him even more. He unfastened his pants, releasing angry red, swollen flesh. He knew he was well endowed and he caught the wide-eyed look of his Chosen. "Open your mouth and be still," he commanded. He had no intention of undoing all his good work. He inserted just the head of his arousal and slowly moved in and out of the lush lips. Removing the saliva-slick flesh, he rubbed it over each flushed cheek. "Well done, my sweet," he praised. "You have pleased me greatly."

The slender blond smiled at the praise gazing up at the man who dwarfed him. Despite the vulnerability of his nudity and the submissiveness of his position, he found them both to be erotic and arousing. There was no mistaking the sexual dominance and sheer primal power of the older man before him. His spent flesh was already half hard and had begun to refill as his mouth had been so carefully used. He instinctively knew the dominant male would not hurt him or abuse his trust.

"Stand, my sweet," the older male crooned, helping the blond to stand. "I would be inside you. Let me love you, my sweet. Let me pleasure you with my flesh. I want my essence to fill your body and for you to come when I'm buried inside you".

"Please," he blond begged shamelessly. The bewitching words had him fully erect and he longed to join with the tall, dark haired male.

The older man's smile was feral as he guided the slighter form to lean over a shelf of clean towels ensuring something soft for his Chosen's body. He nudged at the spread legs with his thighs forcing a wider, more vulnerable stance. His Chosen's hips and consequently his enticing buttocks were now canted upwards and the low growl of appreciation sent shivers through the smaller man's body. He wriggled trying to entice the older man into taking him.

"Impatient youth," the dark voice purred. Two large hands settled one to each smooth, creamy globe and pulled the blond's nether cheeks apart. The Watcher heard a soft, wanton moan as he dropped to his knees and began to explore the newly exposed flesh with his tongue.

The younger man moaned his appreciation as he felt the tongue circle his most private entrance. Then it was pushing hard, demanding entry. His body shook with arousal and he cried softly as the slick, agile muscle penetrated him. He tried to push back to take more inside himself, but the hands holding him open also held him still. He whimpered quietly with pleasure as the tongue thrust again and again into his body.

The Watcher was pleased at the responsiveness of his Chosen. He reached between the spread legs and fondled the delicate sac and the erect flesh beyond. He knew neither of them were likely to last much longer and he desperately wanted to find his release in the beautiful boy. Reluctantly he withdrew his tongue to a muted wail of loss. He quickly lubed two fingers and thrust them inside the slender channel. The younger man tried in vain to push back but the Watcher refused to allow him to move. Curling his fingers, the Watcher stroked the hidden jewel and relished the mewls of bliss the act engendered. Pressing a third inside, he scissored and stretched to ensure his mate was ready to accept his solid flesh. He removed his fingers and pulled a silk scarf from his pocket. He slid it between his Chosen's teeth, tying it securely. In regretful tones he whispered:

"As much as I loved the sounds of your climax, my sweet, I cannot risk our being disturbed."

The blond's head dropped acknowledging the truth of the words. He then wriggled to refocus the older man's attention. His yelp was muffled as a large hand swatted down on unprotected flesh. Two more swats to his left cheek were followed by three to his right and the younger man was panting with desire as his cheeks tingled. He felt the bigger man's arousal pressing at his entrance and he keened through the gag trying to signal his readiness.

The older man gazed with growing hunger at the tiny pink portal that glistened enticingly, beckoning him to paradise. He entered the slighter man in one smooth, fluid movement then stilled awaiting an indication the young man was ready. He felt the internal muscles deliberately tighten around his throbbing flesh and he knew his Chosen was ready. The feeling of the tight, velvet walls so tight around his erection was almost too much for the older man.

The larger male set a hard fast pace that rubbed the smaller man's sweet spot on every thrust. He pulled the blond upright and held him tight to his chest, his thrusts forcing the younger man onto his toes. One hand moved to pluck at already highly sensitised nipples, whilst the other moved to stroke the engorged flesh between his Chosen's legs. 

The muffled moans fuelled the bigger man's desire. He pressed open kisses to the soft honeyed skin of the blond's throat and then began to fasten his teeth into the delicate flesh. As he carefully bit down, the smaller man's pleasure reached its peak and an intense orgasm swept through the slender body. His scream was dampened by the impromptu gag. A copper taste mixed with the taste of his Chosen's seed in the older man's mouth. The contractions around his own arousal tipped the Watcher over and he felt his essence flood the small, spasming channel, his own primal roar of passion and possession muffled by the flesh of his Chosen's throat. 

He felt the blond go limp in his arms and he slowly sank to the floor cradling his Chosen in a protective embrace.

The younger man awoke to find himself secure in the bigger man's lap. He smiled joyfully, his sapphire eyes sparkling.

"That was incredible, Jaze," he said leaning to kiss his lover. His fingers touched his throat. "Did I feel..?"

"Sorry, lover," Jaze replied in contrite tones. "I didn't think about what would happen as you climaxed. My teeth did puncture the skin, but they're quite superficial scratches."

"'S ok, Jaze," Stewie smiled. "The whole thing was really hot. Those teeth are so realistic."

"Advantages of a friendship with an orthodontist,' Jaze smiled. The sharp teeth had been removed and carefully placed in a protective case. Jaze didn't want to risk any further injury to the smiling, satiated young man in his arms.

"I wasn't sure how I'd feel being naked while you remained fully clothed or about the other more obvious submissiveness," Stewie confessed.

"So long as you remember it's all about pleasure, love," Jaze said seriously. "If ever anything is less than pleasurable or you become uncomfortable we stop. Don't do things just to please me. What we do pleasures us both or we don't do it."

"It was pleasurable, Jaze," Stewie said softly as he caressed his mate's cheek. He didn't think it possible, but at that moment he thought he'd fallen even deeper in love with the older man. "I trust you and I love you, Jaze."

Large arms crushed him to a solid chest. "I love you too, baby. So damn much." Releasing the slender blond, Jaze smiled. "We'd best get you cleaned up and redressed to join the party."

"Can't we go home?" Stewie pouted adorably. "I think I like private parties with you to myself much better than having to share you."

Jaze laughed and ruffled the silky blond hair.

"We'll stay another hour, just to show willing. But you're not leaving my side," he added in the dark seductive tones that Stewie found so arousing.

Back in the hallway, Jaze locked the linen room door and headed for the linen chute where he threw the towels he had used to clean up Stewie and himself. Sliding a possessive arm around Stewie's waist, the two men headed for the stairs. The nearness of his mate with what Jaze knew to be a satiated expression played havoc with the older man's libido.

//Maybe we'll just stay for thirty minutes more// he thought with a smile and a kiss for the younger man before they descended the stairs.