 Cobalt Blue 10: Chocolate Lovers

Jaze's smile was feral as he gazed at his lover; naked, aroused and tied to their bed with chocolate brown silk scarves. Beneath the pale, slender form were silken sheets of the same colour as the scarves. Jaze was equally naked, equally aroused and his smile widened at the way in which Stewie's turquoise eyes devoured his body. The blond's luscious lips were glistening, red and kiss-swollen. The golden hair was in disarray making the smaller man look like a debauched angel. The caramel skin glowed in the muted lamplight and the slim young man's hairless chest, perfect chocolate nipples and pale pink rod begged silently to be tasted, to be loved. Jaze loved it, loved Stewie. He bent forward to place a chaste kiss to the lips he had just admired.

"Love you, babe," he murmured.

"Love you, big guy," Stewie replied.

Stewie's eyes roamed over the impressive male physique displayed before him. Jaze's hazel eyes were dark with desire. Stewie's eyes followed Jaze's body downwards, past his powerful, lightly furred chest, the tightly toned abdomen and then hovered at his mate's erection. The long, thick organ glinted wetly with pre-come and Stewie wished he would be allowed to taste, but tonight Jaze was in charge; completely. They had eschewed buying Easter gifts as such; this was their Easter present to each other. Both men had a penchant for very dark, rich chocolate and some lay on a dish on the bedside locker. Stewie knew the chocolate was going to play a part in their lovemaking, but was uncertain just what his more experienced lover had planned for it. Additionally, there was a piece of hand made chocolate cheesecake from a specialist bakery and some whipped cream. Stewie's eyes flickered briefly towards the decadent foodstuffs before returning to gaze adoringly at Jaze.

As though having read Stewie's mind, Jaze straddled his lover and rubbed the tip of his erection over Stewie's lips and the pulled it away. He watched avidly as Stewie's pink tongue peeked out to lick at the pre-come. He leant to allow just the head of his aching shaft to invade Stewie's mouth.

"Lick me," he commanded softly. Immediately Stewie began to cover the organ with kitten licks. Jaze watched enraptured as he thrust languidly, watching his hard, red flesh move in and out of Stewie's sinful mouth. As Stewie lapped obediently, Jaze groaned his appreciation.

"So good, baby," he encouraged. "Just like that." After a couple of minutes, Jaze withdrew from the wet heat to a whine of disappointment from Stewie. Stewie's legs were parted and Jaze settled comfortably between the widespread thighs. The feral smile returned as Jaze retrieved two pieces of the rich chocolate. As Stewie watched wide-eyed, Jaze clutched the sweet treat in his hand to melt it before wrapping his chocolate-coated hand around Stewie's straining shaft. He needed another two pieces to ensure his mate's sac was similarly adorned and then Jaze swooped down. He licked delicately up and down, savouring the taste of his mate mixed with that of the chocolate and hummed his approval. Sliding down Stewie's body a little further, Jaze enveloped one precious oval and then the other as he worked to clean every ounce of the confection from the beloved body. Satisfied with his cleaning, Jaze refocused his attention on Stewie's erection. He licked and sucked. The salty taste of Stewie's pre-come contrasted perfectly with the richness of the chocolate. He used his greater strength to hold Stewie's hips to the bed as the smaller man tried to buck into the wet suction of Jaze's mouth. Jaze relished the incoherent mewls from his lover and felt the tightening of Stewie's body that heralded an imminent orgasm. Enveloping the organ to the root, Jaze hummed and was rewarded by pulse after pulse of Stewie's release. Jaze milked Stewie of every precious drop until finally releasing the softened, sated organ. 

"Chocolate and cream, my favourite combination," Jaze purred silkily. He draped languorously over his replete mate and shared a Stewie-and-chocolate flavoured kiss with the blond. He groaned as his lover's tongue slipped into his mouth and began to diligently lick Jaze's mouth clean of all traces of chocolate. Jaze unfastened Stewie's restraints and helped the younger man into a sitting position. Reaching for the cheesecake, Jaze fed a morsel to Stewie. He pressed his own piece against Stewie's nipple and nibbled it carefully away before repeating the action on its neglected twin. Jaze alternated between feeding Stewie and feeding himself from the blond's beautiful body. As the last of the cake was finished, Jaze nodded towards the cream.

"Your turn, babe," he said huskily. "Use the cream." As Stewie turned to look at the dish, Jaze settled on his back. "Pleasure me," Jaze commanded softly.

Stewie's cerulean orbs roved from his reclined lover to the dish and back again. He hadn't expected this. With a shy smile, Stewie dabbed some of the whipped confection onto one of Jaze's thick dark nubs. The smaller man straddled his mate and leant down to lick the furled flesh clean. The moan of appreciation increased his confidence. The neglected twin received a similar coating and this time Stewie suckled and grazed flesh with his teeth. He painted a trail down Jaze's solid body, lapping him clean to soft moans of pleasure. 

As he coated Jaze's aching shaft, the bigger man groaned. The cool of the cream against the heat of his erection almost making the older man lose his control. He reached to stroke the silky blond hair of the younger man as Stewie began to suck clean the solid evidence of Jaze's desire. Jaze felt the soft tongue slide over his hardness. The moist muscle traced the prominent vein on its underside making Jaze thrust instinctively. He growled his approval as Stewie carefully scraped his teeth down the almost purple shaft and then sucked at the beads of desire that oozed continually. Jaze knew he couldn't last much longer. He moaned as his sac was covered and he raised his knees and spread himself wider, inviting Stewie into closer intimacy. He panted wetly as the blond head bobbed between his wide-flung legs, his mate's tongue caressing him, covering the furred pouch with licks of hummingbird lightness.

"Enough, sweetheart," Jaze gasped as he squeezed the base of his erection hard. "Too good, baby, I'm so close," he explained. "Come up here."

Stewie crawled up Jaze's body and lay over the powerful chest. His head was angled perfectly to the older man's need and Jaze plundered the warm wet cavern, savouring the mixture of tastes. He rolled their bodies, grinding his hardness into the resurgent erection of the smaller man and relishing the breathy moan. He rose to his knees, looming over the diminutive form beneath him. 

"I love you, Jaze," Stewie whispered. 

"Love you, babe," Jaze affirmed. "Roll over for me, Stewie, and up onto your hands and knees."

Stewie moved swiftly to obey, spreading his knees wide and pillowing his head on his folded arms. The sight of his mate in such an open, vulnerable position had Jaze clinging to his control. The creamy globes beckoned silently to be kissed and licked. In the darker flesh between was the small pink portal that granted Jaze entry to the beloved body. Ignoring any of the hitherto used confectionary, Jaze began to taste his lover. His tongue laved over one perfect nether cheek and then the other. He licked a stripe up and down the cleft relishing the soft mewl from his lover. His tongue moved to circle puckered flesh and Jaze could feel it flutter with anticipation. He flicked his tongue over it once...twice and, gripping Stewie's buttocks tightly, thrust deep into the velvet channel. He held hard as Stewie bucked and screamed at the sudden invasion. Jaze plundered ruthlessly. He teased and tasted, thrusting deeper as the resilient muscle relaxed. He felt Stewie try to push back, but kept his grip. He was in charge.

"Stay still." He instructed as he reluctantly pulled away from the delectable body. He broke off a small square of chocolate and pushed it into Stewie's loosened opening to a low moan from the blond. A second square followed quickly and then Jaze resumed his oral attack. He probed and licked, the sharper tang of Stewie's body once again complimenting the sweetness of the chocolate and Jaze feasted rapaciously.

Jaze slid a hand under Stewie's body and fisted the hardness he found. The slender rod was slick with pre-come and Jaze spread the fluid and pumped Stewie to his lover's incoherent cries of pleasure. Rising up, Jaze rapidly coated his straining shaft with lube and positioned himself at the entrance to the blond's body. 

Stewie felt the broad head of his mate's sex nudge between his nether cheeks and position itself.

"Yes, Jaze, please, Jaze, want you, need you, do it," Stewie babbled in his desire to be taken by his bigger lover. The babble became a low keening as Jaze's long, thick length sank slowly and deeply until the bigger man's sac slapped gently against Stewie's.

"So hot, so tight, babe. Love how you feel around me. Love you," Jaze groaned as he held himself still waiting for Stewie to settle at being so fully filled.

"Love you, want you, need you," Stewie chanted. "Take me, love me."

Jaze's growl was low and feral. He held Stewie's hips tight and began a long slow glide backwards until just the head of his engorged shaft was inside his mate, followed by an equally slow glide back inside. His shaft effortlessly rubbed Stewie's sweet spot and the smaller man wailed in a mix of pleasure and frustration. He had expected Jaze to pound into him. Jaze refused to be hurried, relishing the intimacy, leaning over the smaller form to lick and nip at the creamy skin of shoulders and back, the sweetness of his mate exceeding that of even the luxurious chocolate. Jaze stroked between Stewie's smooth thighs, avoiding his erection, trying to draw out their lovemaking.

Jaze pulled Stewie carefully to straddle his thickly muscled thighs, the position sinking him that bit deeper into slick, velvet heat. Jaze rumbled deep in his chest at the pleasure he felt from the rippling sheath around his flesh. He wrapped one strong arm around Stewie's trim waist to lift and lower his lover in counterpoint to the strong upward thrusts of his haunches. Stewie cried his appreciation as his arms reached back to grasp desperately Jaze's neck and shoulders, helpless to do anything other than enjoy his ravishment. Jaze sucked at the fragile flesh at the pale throat to leave a mark of his passion and possession. He relished the whimpers that spilt from his mate's sweet lips as he finally moved to grip Stewie's hardness.

Stewie could hear breathless moans and pleas and a part of his brain dimly registered he was the one making them. His erection was engulfed by his lover's large hand and he felt strong stroking begin. He writhed on the solid rod that impaled him as he tried to thrust into the bigger man's knowing grip, wordlessly pleading for harder and faster. He sobbed his appreciation as Jaze answered his pleas. Jaze began to move in earnest, burying himself even deeper with each hard, fast movement. Stewie felt pleasure beginning deep in his groin spiralling outwards. His head fell back onto Jaze's shoulder, his mouth open in a silent scream. Jaze's hand was a blur on his shaft and Stewie felt his imminent release. He came hard, his body shuddering with the intensity. An arc of pearlescent seed spilt onto the dark sheets to glisten wetly as tangible evidence of his pleasure.

Jaze recognised the signs of Stewie's approaching climax. As Stewie reached his zenith, Jaze bellowed his mate's name, his own orgasm sweeping through him. Lights danced before his eyes. He felt the incendiary heat of Stewie's body as his lover's slender channel clenched even more tightly and spasmed around him. He felt pulse after pulse of his semen fill the tight sheath and heard a soft moan from Stewie as the smaller man was voluptuously filled by his lover's release. Jaze lowered the pliant form to the bed, blanketing his mate, still thrusting even though fully spent. His lips moved slowly over Stewie leaving butterfly kisses in their wake and Stewie murmured his appreciation almost inaudibly.

Stewie floated in post-orgasmic bliss until Jaze insisted he rouse himself. The blond was led to a warm bath, filled with chocolate scented bubbles. He snickered at the scent but threw Jaze a grateful glance. They were both sticky and needed the cleaning. He was carefully guided in and smiled as his lover joined him, pulling Stewie's slighter body tight to Jaze's broad chest.

"Thank you, Stewie," Jaze whispered.

"No, thank you," Stewie insisted. "It was wonderful, you were wonderful."

"Just relax for a few minutes," Jaze whispered, nuzzling into Stewie's hair. 

Stewie manoeuvred himself to be able to kiss his thoughtful lover. Jaze returned it with equal fervour, each man wanting to convey their love for the other through kisses and gentle touches. 

"I guess this gives a whole new meaning to the words 'chocolate lover'," Stewie murmured softly.

"I don't think I'll ever see that chocolate again without getting hard," Jaze smiled.

"You and me both," Stewie agreed. He sighed his happiness and contentment as Jaze's strong, talented hands began to rub gently at his skin helping to clean away chocolate, cake and cream. He relaxed further into the loving embrace. For now the rest of the world ceased to exist, everything he ever needed or wanted was right there, holding him and caring for him. He twisted and received the kiss he craved.

"I love you, Jaze," he said, his turquoise eyes locking with hazel orbs.

"I love you, Stewie," Jaze replied. 

He wrapped his arms around Stewie's slim waist and both men relished the intimacy of being with the one they loved. Jaze knew they wouldn't be in the bath long, Stewie would quickly tire, but he was content for now to simply hold and kiss his lover and enjoy their post-coital intimacy. He had never been so happy.