 The tall, powerfully built, dark-haired man gazed blandly, almost with boredom, at the people below him. Men and women, some in mixed or single sex pairs or in mixed or single groups, some clearly Dom/Sub, but all with one thing in common. Leather.

He moved to sit on a luxurious black leather settee situated on a circular mezzanine. The scene below was watched through dark glass allowing him to observe whilst remaining unseen.

The Club was exclusive, even for those milling below. The gold circlet around a well-developed bicep denoted his extra special status. In addition to the settee on which he sat , there was a low table in front and a small, enclosed booth behind. His was one of thirty such booths. It held a divan and, if the desire so arose, he could enter it, activate a switch to alert Club security to the need for privacy and it would be appropriately despatched. Downstairs, more public liaisons occurred, but the tall man had no interest in them. Upstairs, as down, boasted a games room, dance floor and fantastically well stocked bar. The prices, however, had caused his eyebrows to rise.

Acknowledging he had something of an exhibitionist streak, he ruminated that having duly experienced the Club, he knew this scene wasn't for him - and more importantly - wasn't for the slender blond sitting closely at his side. He slid a strong arm around the slim form, protectively and possessively. Whilst the Club wasn't for them, the clothes were something else entirely. He knew he looked more than good. He wore thick leather pants and biker boots, a pristine white T with a knee-length sleeveless leather waistcoat over. The outfit emphasised his strength, musculature and masculinity. 

But the outfit his partner wore... he was half hard just thinking about it and his mouth watered in anticipation. It was the same reaction as he had when seeing them dress at home. Black leather over-the-knee boots with a two inch steel stiletto heel reached up onto smooth, honey-tinted thighs. A black leather mini-skirt reached just below taut buttocks. Above the skirt was a sleeveless top of mesh and leather which periodically gave a tantalising glimpse of dark nipples and areola. The pale, slender neck was encircled by a black leather collar studded with diamante and had a matching leash. He didn't lead the blond, however. Instead he watched slim hips sway provocatively as they walked ahead and he watched heads turn in a mix of avarice, admiration and arousal. But as much as they could look, he would rip the hand off anyone who tried to touch. His partner's blond hair glowed like burnished gold, eyes held a minute touch of turquoise shadow to emphasise their blueness and a slick of gloss made the perfect lips glisten enticingly. He leant to inhale musk and vanilla.

"You ok?" he asked quietly.

"Fine," came the reply, but the eyes added a silent plea for the bigger man to stay at their side.

"Time for a last walkabout downstairs," the dark male said more loudly and attached the leash.

The blond preceded him, apparently ignoring all around them, but both were carefully and covertly scanning those watching them. The bigger man felt heat pooling further at his groin at the sight of his ravishing mate and was grateful that the thick leather would hide much of his arousal. Completing a circuit, they returned to the mezzanine and headed to their booth. The dark man growled warningly as a blond male approached, his green eyes devouring his partner. 

The interloper was physically similar to the dark haired man, but the eyes held an arrogance the other man's didn't. The small blond stepped back to press against a powerful chest, feeling the interloper's jealous eyes undressing them.

"You share?" the big blond asked the dark man without preamble.

"No," came the measured reply. "I like others to see what they can't have."

"Pity," the other said, still staring. "A little pretty like this would look good on their hands and knees pleasuring us both."

A frisson from their partner's body had the dark male's protectiveness surging. He wrapped an arm around the trim waist and met the green eyes with resolute hazel orbs.

"Never going to happen," he growled menacingly. The tone worked instantly. Green eyes left the smaller body and the man drifted away. 

The blond was turned in strong arms and a hand rubbed at the front of the mini-skirt. A small nod from them and the bigger man hurried to their booth. The blond disappeared inside and the dark man activated the privacy switch. He stood and waited until a human behemoth arrived and stood like a silent sentinel outside and then joined their mate on the divan. There was little light, but none was needed. Lips found lips without difficulty and bodies were crushed tightly together.

The blond was pushed to their back; the skirt hiked up around their waist and even in the near darkness, the other man could see the small leather pouch that housed his mate's aroused sex. He pulled it aside letting their erection spring free and buried his face in the small nest of fragrant blond curls at the base of the slender rod. He lapped at the almost hairless sac, sucking slowly and sensually on one then the other precious orb it housed. He licked his way from root to tip of the hard, hot flesh and then sucked at the engorged head, savouring his mate's musk and pre-come. He drank the intoxicating fluid greedily, his tongue traced the vein his eyes couldn't see and the smaller man writhed beneath him, clutching at him with deceptively strong hands. In response he engulfed straining flesh to the root and swallowed repeatedly. A muted grunt was the only verbal indication his mate had reached his zenith, but the pulses of salty sweet nectar were joyfully accepted as a tribute to the bigger man's lovemaking.

Gently, the sated organ slid from voracious lips and the still trembling body was lifted to sit securely cradled to a broad chest. Kisses were exchanged, just as silently. When satisfied his mate was sufficiently recovered, the dark man headed back to the front of the booth and turned off the switch. He watched their security guard lift his hand to his ear-set and, without so much as a glance in the booth's direction, he left as silently as he had come.

The two men sat smiling on the settee.

"Soon time to leave, Stewie," the bigger man murmured.

"I'm down with that, Jaze," the blond replied. 

"As soon as the witching hour comes round we're out of here," Jaze said.

"Yeah, I know," Stewie grinned. "You gotta take Cinders here home before the clothes become sackcloth and ashes and the car becomes a pumpkin."

Jaze grinned back, caressing the smooth, soft cheek. His eyes spoke the words he couldn't say aloud.

"Right back at you, Jaze," Stewie murmured nuzzling the older man.

As the time to leave came round, Jaze re-leashed Stewie and the blond led the way to the rear exit that led to the car park. As they stepped outside, Jaze removed the leash and the two men walked towards their car in the half-empty lot. 

Without warning a bright light shone in their faces, temporarily blinding both men. Jaze felt Stewie yanked from his side even as he bellowed the call sign for back up. His arms were pulled behind him and heavy fists pummelled at his unprotected abdomen. Ignoring the pain, he twisted sharply and punched where his attacker's body should be, pleased at the pained grunt from the successful contact. However, a blow to his lower back told him there were more assailants than just two.

Stewie had been physically lifted from Jaze's side. A thick arm was around his throat and another round his waist. Stewie heard vile words of hatred; words that told him what he was, what he was good for and what would be done to him. Stewie tried to block them out as the visions of previously beaten and raped couples sprang into his mind. He wouldn't let this scum get away with any more attacks on the innocent. Adrenalin coursed through his veins. With a strength his slender form belied, Stewie kicked back. His heel rammed into his attacker's leg and the grip on him lessened as a howl of pain came from the bigger man behind him. Stewie followed up the kick with a hard elbow and this time he was able to drop free.

Stewie tried to pivot to land another kick, but he forgot he was wearing stiletto heels and his ankle twisted. He fell to the ground, his knees scraping on gravel. He immediately tried to regain his feet, but a solid weight landed on his back, driving his face into unforgiving cement. Stewie was dazed as he was effortlessly flipped onto his back. He could see the anger and hate in the eyes of the man straddling him. A strong hand grabbed his jaw, forcing it open and another forced a syringe between his lips. Stewie was unable to prevent its contents being discharged and swallowing some, spitting the rest as best he could. Stewie saw the grin of pure evil on the face above him.

"Little thing like you should just lie back and take whatever we give you. Now you will," the man hissed malevolently.

Stewie knew the chemical cocktail he'd just been forced to ingest; a mix of a hallucinogen and barbiturate which also had the effect of numbing the victim's throat. Stewie would be awake and aware of his attack, but unable to fight or to scream and later his memories would be fractured and fragmented. At the same time, Jaze would be beaten bloody. A tear leaked from Stewie's eye at the thought of his gentle lover badly hurt. As his assaulter moved, Stewie acted. A well aimed knee connected with the other blond's groin and as he went slack-jawed and wide-eyed, Stewie followed up with a blow to the man's nose. Stewie struggled to his feet as his man went down, his wavering sight seeking out Jaze.

Jaze was being held by one man as another prepared to deliver a blow to already painful ribs. Jaze had managed to take one man out, but the others had proven more resilient. He was suddenly aware of a small blond blur as Stewie tackled his attacker.

Stewie hurtled towards the man hurting his mate. The two of them went down hard, the small blond ending up on his back. The world was becoming more distorted and Stewie gave a muted whimper as a heavy weight pinned him to the ground. A blow to his face stunned the slender man further and then Stewie was aware of a hand reaching under his short skirt. He tried to do something...anything... to stop the unwanted touch, but his body was refusing to obey his mind. The tiny leather pouch was ripped brutally away and a rough and unfamiliar hand grasped at his fragile flesh. 

"Scream for me." 

Stewie was laughingly taunted as the grip tightened and his mouth opened in a silent cry of agony.

A bellow of fury had the would-be-rapist forgetting about his prey. He was hauled to his feet and a fist repeatedly slammed into his face. Jaze had seen what was happening to Stewie and a primal rage had erupted inside him, the anger adding to his strength. He dropped the man to the floor and was drawing back a booted foot, when insistent hands pulled him away and a voice he dimly recognised buzzed in his ear. It took a moment for Jaze to orientate himself and for the words to penetrate the haze of vengeful wrath. He felt himself being shaken and then Leo's face came into focus.

"Leave this scum where it is, mate," the voice finally brought Jaze back to the present and he saw the crumpled man at his feet. "Stewie needs you, Jaze," the voice continued. "They got some of that hellbrew inside him. Go with him. Shaz and I'll sort things out here."

"Leo," Jaze muttered and then the words sank in. "Stewie!" Jaze cried as he moved to where paramedics were tending to his fallen lover and team-mate. "Stewie?" he repeated more softly as the small blond form was moved to a stretcher. He saw a hand twitch and Stewie's head loll towards him and moved rapidly to hold tight to his beloved. "It's all over, Stewie," he said, as much to reassure himself as the drugged man. "It's over," he repeated as he climbed into the ambulance.

****

At the hospital, Jaze was relieved to be greeted by the same doctor that had treated Stewie when he and Shaz had been locked in a metal container. The older medic nodded his recognition of Jaze as he read the notes for Stewie's admission. He frowned at the signs of beating both men showed and his eyes took in the outfits.

"Undercover," Jaze ground out tersely. "Stewie's wearing gear designed for where we worked. I don't want anyone thinking otherwise."

The doctor nodded as Jaze listed the known ingredients of the liquid Stewie had been forced to swallow.

"The recent gay attacks," he said.

"There won't be any more," Jaze said emphatically.

"Jen," the doctor called to a nurse.

"Dr Ainsworth?" The nurse came to stand with the two men. 

"I want Inspector Kingston x-rayed as a precaution and I'd like you to clean up his face. I'll be taking care of Sergeant Donovan personally."

"Thanks, John," Jaze said fervently. Reluctantly he let his mate be taken away from him and he dutifully followed his nurse's directions.

By the time Jaze was escorted back to the waiting area, Leo and Shaz were already there.

"We have a singer," the dark woman said with satisfaction. "One of them took photographs. We have them for every couple they attacked. They're going down hard." She gave a grim smile of triumph.

"Anything about Stewie?" Jaze asked, sitting carefully. Now the adrenalin was wearing off, Jaze was certain he could feel each and every bruise to his body.

"Not yet," Leo replied. "You ok?" he asked. 

"Not yet," Jaze answered truthfully, "but I will be when I get some positive news about Stewie.

The three stood as one as Dr Ainsworth came towards them. The smile on his face had them releasing a breath none realised they'd been holding.

"You're going to have one bruised and battered young man to care for, Jaze," the doctor said succinctly. "We were lucky. Nothing badly hurt and, knowing the properties of the drug, I've pumped him and have him settled. I'm keeping him in for 24 hours as a precaution, but I don't foresee any reason he can't go home after that. His memories might be a little sketchy, a mix of a couple of head blows and the drug."

"I want to stay with him, John. I need to. I'll call it protective custody if necessary," Jaze said. He met the raised eyebrow steadily, not backing down, but not forcing the issue. The silent attrition won. John nodded his acquiescence. 

"He's unlikely to wake before morning. I'll pass on the message to the night staff that will check on him."

"Thank you, John" Jaze said sincerely. "I just want to be there when Stewie wakes and I can't bear the thought of leaving him alone right now. Not even here."

The medic nodded his understanding.

"We'll call back in the morning," Shaz said giving her team leader a hug.

"And we'll bring some decent clothes," Leo sniffed as he ran his eye over Jaze's outfit.

****

Stewie lay unmoving, his eyes shut. He was already certain that not only was he was not in bed with his lover, but was in hospital. He reviewed the evidence available to his limited senses: firstly no reassuring warm body, secondly a small bed, thirdly a sterile smell. If they weren't enough, every part of Stewie seemed to hurt. His face, his throat, his stomach, his groin, his knees even one of his ankles was stiff as he tried to move it. His memories were shaky. He knew they'd gone undercover, but wasn't sure they'd caught the gang. However, he was reassured of Jaze's safety by one of his hands being enveloped by a strong grip and the rhythmic rasping breath of the man he loved. He turned his head and began to crack his eyes open slowly. Despite every ache in his body, the sight of his big lover hunched in a small plastic chair brought a smile to his lips.

As though the smile was the catalyst to his waking, hazel eyes opened to gaze with a mix of love and concern.

"Hey," Stewie husked, surprised by the hoarseness of his voice.

"Hey, baby," Jaze said. He immediately moved to lean over his lover and their kiss was gentle and tender.

Stewie's hand traced the bruises on the beloved visage.

"This all you got?" he asked.

"I'm fine, sweetheart," Jaze affirmed. "A few lucky blows. They managed to dose you, though. Do you remember?"

"I remember the Club and flashes about the fight now, but nothing clearly. I ache in places," Stewie's worried eyes met Jaze's and the bigger man understood the unasked question.

"One of the bastards got his hands on you before I could stop him. You're bruised from the assault, that's all. They also gave you a stomach pump, which will make your throat sore. But we've got them, babe. They won't hurt anyone else."

"I wanna go home," Stewie said, his eyes beginning to tear as the mixture of drugs and shock finally took their toll. "Take me home," he begged his mate.

"I will, baby," Jaze promised. He moved to sit on the bed and cradled his lover to his chest, letting the smaller man release his fears and pain by quiet sobbing until he felt Stewie go limp. He settled the now sleeping form back to the bed and scrubbed at his own tears. "I want you home and safe in my arms," he said to the younger man.

It took another few hours before Stewie was cleared to go home. The two men were dropped off by Shaz and Leo. Pausing only to ensure their home was securely locked, the couple tumbled drained and aching into their bed. Their arms and legs entwined as though they were one being and they slipped into a deep healing sleep.

****

When Stewie next woke, he was disappointed to find himself alone in bed, but the sight and scent of jasmine candles had a soft smile playing about his lips. The smell was soothing, as was the slightly off-key sound of singing from their en-suite bathroom. Gingerly, the blond eased himself from bed. He wanted his mate's company. He shuffled stiffly, limping a little on his still sore ankle, into the bathroom. He peered inside. Jaze was filling their oversized, claw-footed, freestanding bath. There were more candles lit around the bath and the subdued light and sensual scent turned it into an oasis of calmness. 

"Hey," Stewie smiled.

"Hey yourself," Jaze replied coming to gently envelop his small lover in strong arms. For a moment the two men simply relished the comfort of a tender embrace. "I thought we could share a bath. It'll help with some of the worst of our aches," Jaze explained nuzzling the blond's temple. "After that we'll order take-away food and relax and snuggle in the den."

"Sounds perfect," Stewie sighed.

Jaze added scented oil to the water and took Stewie's hand.

"Thanks, lover," Stewie murmured as he moved stiffly into the bath. The heat was perfect and the smaller man moaned his appreciation as it permeated his body. He looked at the bigger man. "Are you just going to watch or participate?" he asked, batting his eyes to a bark of laughter from Jaze.

"Participating," the older man replied, his voice dropping to a dark, sultry purr, "most definitely participating."

He slowly removed the robe he wore, purposely flexing his muscles and turning to allow Stewie to see the dusky flesh that rose from between powerful thighs. This time the moan he heard had nothing to do with the bath and Jaze grinned wolfishly.

Stewie swallowed at the sight of the bigger man preening before him. Jaze's strength and masculinity were incredibly arousing for the blond and he felt a different kind of heat begin to pool in his groin. He watched mesmerised as Jaze stalked to the bath, stroking his shaft leisurely.

"See something you like, babe?" he purred huskily.

"Oh yeah," Stewie breathed.

Jaze brought his hard flesh to Stewie's perfect lips and the younger man opened his mouth immediately. Gently, Jaze nudged the flared head of his sex past Stewie's lush lips. He rocked slowly, not wanting to rush the moment or the sensation of wet heat. He groaned his pleasure as Stewie used his tongue to probe insistently at the slit of Jaze's arousal, humming his happiness. Pulling away reluctantly, Jaze moved to position himself behind Stewie in the bath. As he settled, he cradled the blond to his chest.
