 After my two adventures I had decided to continue improve my tone and condition of my body so I started an early morning programme of weights and exercise before my breakfast. Always I looked for my man in the steam room but he never went at that time and I never seemed to go at the time he was there. Exercising so early meant that there was less people than at the end of the day and that they were very determined to do their workouts. 

Even so I was able to become acquaintances with a man in his thirties who often had breakfast after his workout. We would laugh as we did what we needed to do as we realized that we were less focused on the exercise than the others in the gym. My new friend called Neville invited me to join him for breakfast after a gruelling workout one morning and that was something that I quickly agreed to since I felt hungry but not only for food.

Neville though not a body builder had a reasonable body and personable looks and I did enjoy watching him as he worked out. Often when I thought he couldn't see me I would look at his crotch hoping to see his cock bulging against the soft cloth of his exercise shorts. I felt again that hunger for a cock in my mouth again and would imagine the head of his cock sliding in and out of it as he took mine in his. As it was I enjoyed his company and thought that my imaginary dreams would remain dreams.

So after a workout we jogged to his flat which was near the gym. Along the way I took my bag of work clothes since I was intending to go straight to work after the breakfast. Entering the door Neville took me to the shower and put a new towel out for me. Once happy that I was ready to shower he told me that he was off to prepare our breakfast. 

I stripped off my clothes quickly and started the shower and adjusted the heat of the water to something that I would be happy with and stepped into the warm stream and allowed it to run over my body removing sweat and the tiredness of my exercised muscles. As I enjoyed this I did not hear the door open and Neville come into the bathroom until he stepped into the shower.

"Move over I need a shower too you know," he said.

Surprised but happy to have his company I moved around and enjoyed his body as it brushed against mine. I had quick glance at his cock and saw a nicely sized cock that was nestled in a thatch of dark pubic hair. I offered him the chance to get his back soaped while I was there and he took up my offer happily.

It was so arousing to feel his smooth skin as I soaped his skin and I allowed my hands to touch his butt and soap that area. He seemed to enjoy my attentions which was something that made me very aroused. I soon felt my cock hard and ready for some attention. Turning around he smiled at me and took my cock into his hand and slowly ran his fingers across the tense flesh. 

Looking into my face he did not see any resistance and slipped to his knees and gazed intently at my cock. His hands stroked along the smooth skin of my pubis and balls making my cock grow even harder if it was possible. I held onto his head wishing that he would take my straining flesh between his lips and pumping it until I felt my cum spilling into that willing mouth.

"Wh-what?" I stuttered.

"Does being shaved feel good?" he asked.

"Yes, it it feels so clean and it doesn't itch as badly once you have done it for some time," I answered though desperately wanting him to take my cock in his mouth instead of this lazy masturbation that he was inflicting on me.

"Hmmm it feels and looks so yummy," and saying that he kissed the tip of my cock. 

It was almost impossible for me to hold onto some sort of control and I was able to increase the cold water flow to give some discomfort to hold my orgasm off. I groaned with deep pleasure as he ran his tongue over the head of my cock and then in the slit at its tip. I gripped the slippery tiles wanting to dig further into the wall at my back. 

Then he allowed the tortured head to slip between his lips and he pumped it between them. I struck his tongue each time and it moved along and around my glans gently cradling my cock with it and I felt my pleasure seize my entire body. As he sucked on my cock I felt him force a finger between my ass cheeks and stroke along the hole there. He did not try to push it in but stroked from the hole to the base of my balls until unable to hold off my orgasm any more I felt cum shoot out of my cock and into his mouth.

He swallowed and again and again he pumped my cock so that I would spill my salty cum into his mouth and he would swallow it as though it was a life-giving elixir. I stopped, I don't know how long he had my cock in my mouth but in the end he let it slip from those beautiful lips and he stood. I took his head between my hands and kissed him on the lips. My tongue pushed into his mouth and I tasted my cum on his tongue.

We stayed that for a short time before I slipped to my knees and then took his cock in my hands. It was a normal sized cock not too long, wide or small. Yet it was enough for me to lick along its full length until I allowed to to move along the ridge of his circumcised cock and felt his body tense with the pleasure just mine had when he had started. 

Quickly I allowed his cock to push into my mouth and I moved my head up and down along its length. The blunt head touched the side of my cheek again and again as I allowed my tongue to touch and massage his hard cock in my mouth. As I massaged his cock with my tongue he humped his hips sliding his cock in and out of my mouth. I stroked his butt feeling the tightness of the muscles there and enjoyed the feel of his body. 

As I did this I could understand how the ancient Greeks had taken their lovers from the Gymnasium as they enjoyed both a familiarity of both body and attitude. Then I felt his cum flooding into my mouth and like him I swallowed the salty, bitter liquor feeling that I was sharing something precious of his. He softened and I stood gazing into his face seeing the awe-struck face of a man who had never imagined such pleasure. Taking the soap I began to run it down his body and washed him as you would a baby.

"Your first time?" I asked.

"Yeh," he replied and then said,"But I hope not the last."

I kissed him then and we quickly hurried both shower and breakfast since we had work to get to.