 Based on my actual life true story. Names have been changes to protect those in the story.

*****

Setting: Early Millennium - National University Campus

Freshman year. I arrived to the dorms. Got my keys and headed to my room. It was half empty and bare and half set up. I looked at my future roommates belongings. From the picture on his desk, he was a tall football player, black and built. He had several adult magazines with nude women on the covers, new magnum condoms, and CDs scattered across his desk. 

I unpacked my clothes and set up my computer on the desk. I walked over and looked in the mirror. I brushed my long black hair back and put it in a ponytail. I went over to the bunk beds and saw that my roommate had already taken the top bunk. I set up on the bottom one and started to read through the course listings. I heard some loud laughter followed by obnoxious chatter. Keys hit the door and my roommate walked in. 

Marcus was about 6'5 275 lbs of pure muscle. His black hair was long and neatly braided. He had a tight white tank top on that hugged his ripped abs, muscular chest, and showed off his vein popping biceps. He has a pair of sagging blue jeans with Tommy Hilfiger boxes showing. 

"Well, well, what the fuck do we have here?" he said with a cocky smile. I stood up and offered a handshake "I'm Jay." Marcus laughed "Nah mother fucka your name is Jacky Chan." This was in reference to my Asian heritage. I laughed and he jumped up on the top bunk "I'm Marcus. This is my room but you can stay here." 

At this point I'm trying to figure out how I was roomed with this guy. He went on to brag about his high school football career, how he had fucked hundreds of girls, and how he was going to be a superstar. I just sat and listened. He then said he was going to grab a bite to eat and left. I was relieved. Marcus was obnoxious but he reminded me of Dave, my childhood best friend. But that was high school and I was in college. I was going to start over. 

Marcus was gone for several hours. Around 9pm I decided to take a shower. I got undressed and wrapped a towel around my thin frame. I walked out of the room and down the hall in to the community shower. I didn't take long. I was nervous about the "open shower" environment. As I showered, flashes of Marcus's body came across my mind. His voice echoed, bragging about fucking girls, and the details played back in my head. I found myself stroking my small 4 inch dick. I realized what I was doing, finished up my shower, and went back to my room. I walked in and the room as I left it. 

Still in my towel, I walked over to Marcus's desk. I saw the adult magazines. I decided to flip through them. After the first few pages, some Polaroid photos fell from between the pages. I looked at them and they were photos of different females sucking on a dick from a first person point of view. I quickly realized that they were self photos of Marcus getting head. I instantly got hard. I couldn't help but start jacking off at the photos. The towel dropped to the floor. I held a photo of an Asian girl with cum on her face and Marcus's big black dick in her mouth. I imagined it was me with Marcus's cock in my mouth. I was flapping hard. As I started to feel the cum reaching climax, I heard keys enter the door. I quickly dropped the photo, closed the magazine, and grabbed my towel from the floor. Marcus entered the door as I wrapped the towel around my waist. 

"What the fuck are you doing?" he said with a laugh as he walked over to his desk. "Just getting out the shower," I said nervously. "Did you like what you saw?" he asked as I realized he was picking up the Asian girl photo. I got nervous. "So you found my stash? The first time a bitch sucks my dick, I take a pic." he bragged as he put the photo back in the magazine. He took his tank top off and looked in the mirror for a second. He continued to brag about how girls love the taste of his cum. Then he turned around and looked at me. 

I realized that I was still standing there with my towel. "You ever sucked dick?" he asked. I was frozen. The answer was yes. I had sucked a lot of dick my senior year of high school. I sucked multiple dicks, took them in the ass and mouth. But I was in college. I was moving forward from that. 

Marcus looked at me and must have sensed my nervousness, "You suck dick, huh?" In a swift motion, Marcus reached over and grabbed me by the back of my head, around my short ponytail. He put some pressure on my neck and I fell to my knees. "Unzip my pants. I know you want it." he demanded. He was right. I did. I let go of the towel and reached up and unbuckled his belt and unzipped his pants. His baggy jeans hit the floor. I looked up at Marcus. He grinned and said "You know what to do."

I reached up and pulled his boxers down. As the boxers came down his big black dick emerged. It was hard and majestic. It was about 9 inches long and thick has a 12 oz soda can. I reached up with my right hand and wrapped my hand around it. It was hard and warm. I gave it a stroke and Marcus moaned. My heart raced as I opened my mouth and moved forwarded. The thick mushroom head of Marcus's cock entered my mouth. I was careful to make sure I opened wide and made sure my teeth didn't scrap his dick. 

"Fuck!!" Marcus yelled as he put his hands around the sides of my head. I slowly allowed his long member fill my mouth, with my tongue sliding along the bottom of his cock. He got about 6 inches in and I withdrew, jerking him off with my hand as I did so. I went back in and repeated. After a few moments I became to pick up the pace. 

Saliva was rolling down my chin. I held his chiseled hip with my left hand as I let him start thrusting back. His thrust started to become more forceful. I knew what I needed to do and what he wanted. I relaxed my throat and let him push down into my throat. I had learned how not to gag before and it was benefiting now. I looked up with 8 of 9 inches in my mouth and Marcus had an intense look on his face. 

"Damn, you suck dick better than any bitch I been with. Take it all, bitch," he demanded as he forced the last inches into my throat. His pubic hairs were in my nose and eyes. Then he pulled out. And then he jammed it back in. His cock was so good. He smelled good. He looked good. And he had a huge cock. I was loving this. 

"Fuck man. I want to cum. I bet you would like that, wouldn't you?" he asked. I mumbled that I would. "Make me cum, bitch!" he demanded. I took both hands and started jacking him off while giving him a rapid head job. He moaned as I began tasting the familiar salty pre cum. Marcus then reached over and pulled out a camcorder. I wasn't ready for this. 

"If you fucking stop, I'll beat your ass. You are my bitch. Do what the fuck you are told. Make me cum, bitch!" he told me as he opened the camcorder and the red light came on. I didn't care. I wanted his cum. I wanted it all. 

"Look at the camera.." he demanded so I did. "Oh fuck. I'm about to cum!! Tongue out and jack it off into your mouth!! Fuck!!" I kneel down a little more, held my tongue out with an open mouth, and jacked his pulsing cock off rapidly. He held it as long as he could. 

A white rope of cum flew out of his purple head. He splattered across my forehead, nose, and into my mouth. I adjusted the aim as rapid shots of cum shot directly on my tongue. Sweet and salty. I looked up to see Marcus loving the sight as he watched through the camcorder. After about 8-9 sprays, I pulled cum filled tongue in my mouth and swallowed my reward. 

"Shit! You a nasty bitch!" he said surprisingly. I took his monster back in my mouth and used my hand to squeeze the last few drops of cum from his dick. I looked up and saw he was still recording. He turned off the camcorder and then reached down and pulled his boxers and pants up. I used my finger to catch the cum on my face and licked it off my finger. 

"I think me and you are going to be great roommates."