 Pussy. That's what he needed. Pussy or a good blowjob, and he would be getting one of the two, or maybe both, within the hour.

Jason was six foot two with more muscles than most of the guys in his frat house. Meaning pussy was not a problem. What was a problem though, was clingy bitches the day after. He was pretty good at spotting those girls from far away, and lately there had been nothing but those around him. So he needed pussy badly.

The problem would be solved tonight. This would be his first time going too an Ero house party. It was an invite only party and sex was guaranteed.

Even though it was Jason's second year of college, it was the first time he would go to the legendary house of erotics. Even though he'd gotten invites before, he'd never gone. Usually because there was a clingy bitch making drama about him going.

He had been a bit of a pushover the previous times, and followed the bidding of the girl he was banging at the time. But no more. He was in full control now, and he didn't care about whose feelings was on the line.

"JASON, stop jerking off and let's get going!" it was Tom, one of his frat boys. 

Jason took one last look in the mirror with a small smile before he left his room, and went downstairs to the hall were they all waited.

"No need for jerking of here, Tom," he said and grabbed the neck of the blonde guy. "I can control my spunk unlike you, bitch."

Tom cringed in pain when Jason squeezed his neck. "Nope, no need for that, Mr. meat for brains," he said and everyone laughed, even Jason. Bromance, you know.

It took a good twenty minutes for them all to drive to the Ero house. Located a good distance from the campus grounds ensured that only very few students ever got in trouble, as drinking and fraternizing with the opposite sex was not allowed on campus. 

Yeah, what professors and counselors didn't know, wouldn't hurt them. And one third of those who did know, usually partook in those forbidden activities. The rest of those who knew didn't bother reporting it, as it only meant more paperwork for them.

When the group finally arrived at their destination, the party was already going and music was blasting out from open doors and windows. Lights were flashing and bodies was movies to the beat of the music, laughter and cheers indicated that everyone was in a fantastic semi drunk mood.

The moment they entered the house, everyone separated. Some of the guys went to get drinks and others had already spotted themselves a nice piece of meat. And Jason had to admit that the meats here tonight was pretty mouthwatering. Hell, his cock was already twitching in the confines of his jeans, but before he went hunting he had to take a leak.

For the first time in his life he experienced a short line to the guys restroom, and the reason quickly became clear. Apparently the wall separating the guys and the girls restrooms was pretty thin and judging by the low grunts and moans, there was a surprise waiting once you entered a stall.

Jason's dick was rock hard within seconds and the leak he'd planned to take was long forgotten. Not everyone had forgotten to take a piss though. A few guys entered the stalls and came out again without getting some action, unless they lasted less than thirty seconds that is. It was most likely because they had themselves a little bird outside, ready to sit on their branch.

Finally the stall in the back became available, and Jason forced himself not to run too his sweet relief.

And oh hell, there it was. A hole in the wall with string of LED lights around it like a halo, it was fucking perfect and he wasted no time pulling down his pants, and shoved his dick through the gloryhole.

It didn't take long for the girl on the other side to grab his solid cock and start jerking him off. She had a nice tight grip and wasn't afraid to squeeze a little extra, which was nice. Most girls hesitated to give all they had.

His dick was held up and the first lick was like a lightning strike through him. Her wet tongue started under his balls and followed their curve to the base of his erection, and continued up his hard length before her mouth engulfed his mushroom head in an amazing hard suck.

Jason couldn't hold back a groan. Jesus Christ, he thought as the wet sucking of his head continued. Not once did the girl take his dick out of her mouth to catch her breath, not even when she let his entire length slide down her throat. The girl had a fucking sucktion cup of a mouth.

Not only was she deep throating him, but she also started to massage his balls, not just squeezing and releasing, but she expertly rolled them in her one hand as her other held tightly around the base of his dick, slowing down his release.

She was using her the very tip of her tongue to tickle the underside of his cock, almost making him jump. A thing that did make him jump, was when she lightly grazed her teeth on the front of his dick. The two things combined was like fire and ice, rough and light.

Fucking tease, he thought and let out another groan as the pressure was building and he felt some of her saliva slide down his thigh, getting his jeans wet. He didn't give a shit though. This was the best blowjob he'd ever gotten, and he would gladly drown in her spit.

As if she knew that he would have smacked her ass for being a tease, she started to bob her head so vigorously that she must have gotten dizzy. He was about to blow the biggest load of his life into her mouth.

She must have felt the tightening of his balls, 'cause she stopped squeezing the base of his dick and blood rushed out to the sensitive tip, which she pushed all the way to the back of her throat.

Jason couldn't hold back anymore, not that he'd had any choice, he was at this sluts complete mercy. His hot semen squirted out of him with such force, that his little blowing expert didn't have time to swallow before it ended up in her stomach.

Jason almost blacked out as he let out groan, his orgasm didn't seem to have an end to it. The girl on the other side of the wall was very thorough in cleaning up his cock as it slowly grew limp, and with a deep satisfied sigh pulled himself away from the gloryhole, pulled up his pants and went to join his boys.

They were joking and cheering as they chugged their beer. Jason grabbed a random bottle himself, still capped of course, he wasn't careless.

"Last person to the line loses," he heard Brett saying as he shouldered his way into the circle of his laughing friends.

"What's up guys," he said and took a swig of his beer.

"A tradition you get to be in on, my brother," Tim said. "The stairway to heaven is in the bathroom, or more accurately, the hole to heaven."

Everyone cheered again and Tim explained. "The last person in the line get's to clean up everyone's mess in the morning."

Jason smiled. Oh, he liked that tradition and sure, he would play along and he would go last, only to tell the person in the line in front of him, that he'd already beaten them to the task.

"All right, boys," Brett announced. "Get ready to sprint."

They all lined up, ready to be the first to get their dick sucked. And yeah, Jason had already gotten his blow, but he was ready for more. He just hoped that the girl in the last booth would still be there, and this time he would suggest to her that he fuck her pussy, a girl with that kind of talent was well experienced and she would hardly say no.

"Oh, one last thing," Tim said beside him as he stretched his leg in front of him. "The last booth is for the other team."

Jason snorted. "Other team?" he laughed. Another frat house that only got to use one booth? Hell, that was sad.

"Yeah, the other team, my man," Tim laughed as well, and he only laughed louder at the dumb clueless look on Jason's face. "Queers, fags." Jason was still dumbfounded. "Gays, dude. The last booth is for guys who want guys to suck off their dick, comprender?"

Jason felt the blood drain from his face, he didn't even hear Brett's countdown, he barely even saw his pals sprint of to the bathroom.

Holy fucking shit. The best blowjob he'd ever gotten in his life, was given to him by a guy, and he'd been on his way back for more. Holy fucking shit.