 True stories of a BiWM who acts on his craving from time to time. Not in any particular order really, just recounting some of the more memorable encounters and hope you enjoy reading about them. 

*****

I had just gotten out of a long relationship with my ex girlfriend and had moved into a nice townhouse in another town. In the past I had sex with a few guys and I knew from these encounters that I really enjoy servicing men. There is something about the power that a hard cock projects that get's me on my knees and begging. For years, I kept these thoughts and memories tucked away inside my head. I would fantasize about it often, but never act and was a completely straight acting, masculine guy... with a secret craving. Now that I had the freedom and my own place to entertain, I decided that it was time to act on these cravings and see where they led. Little did I know that it would uncover an insatiable lust for hard, dominant men and a considerable amount of kink!

After a few months of being alone and satisfying myself with my hand, anal toys, and internet porn, I decided to place an online add and meet a few guys to service. It didn't take long before I had sucked a few guys and remembered how much I enjoyed it. It was clear that I loved having a cock in my mouth and having my ass played and now I wanted more. 

Just as I was craving a hung stud to come work me over, a hot top guy answered my ad who was just what I was looking for. His screen name was BigDickDad and the pic he had of his cock had me drooling. So after exchanging more emails, pictures, we decided to meet the next day at my place. He said he wanted a bottom who could take every inch of his cock and I promised that I could even though I was nervous because it looked pretty dam big in the pics... at least 8 or 9 inches and very thick. I went to bed thinking about his cock, impatiently waiting for the next day when we would meet.

The next morning I took my time getting ready for our meeting. I cleaned myself up inside and out and shaved my legs and ass nice and smooth. He emailed that he was on the way and would be there in 20 min. I used that time to work my larger butt plug in and put on some shorts and a tee shirt.

The next thing I knew I was nervously answering the door and letting him into my place. He was about 5 foot 10, muscled, fit, and looked me up and down like I was a piece of meat, with a smirk on his lips. I told him my name and asked his and he just said "just call me sir". 

I led him into the living room and asked him if he wanted a drink or anything, he sat on the couch and just said "strip". 

My heart was pounding and my 6 inch cock was growing as I nervously pulled off my shirt and shorts in front of this complete stranger as he sat there watching. Once naked, he told to come closer and to turn around. I felt his hands run over my thighs from behind and he bent me over and told me to put my hands on the coffee table. He squeezed my ass cheeks and spread them and saw the plug in my ass. 

"Getting ready for my big cock I see" he said. 

"Yes" I replied. He slapped my ass with the palm of his hand... "What did you say?"

I barely croaked out the words "yes sir", when he slapped my ass again then turned me around. By now my cock was rock hard, he looked up at me and smirked knowing he had full control. 

"You ready to be my bitch?"

"Yes sir", I replied.

"Ok faggot, time for you to earn my affection."

I dropped to my knees in front of him as he sat there with his legs spread on the couch. I ran my hands up his thighs and felt the heat from the growing bulge in his jeans. I lowered my face to his crotch and mouthed the outline of his cock through his jeans while I reached up and un fastened his belt. I pulled off his shoes and socks then returned to the growing bulge and slowly opened up the fly of his pants. I worked my hand inside and pulled his growing cock free of his jeans. 

I felt the heat of his cock and balls, smelling him, the musky scent of his manhood. I lightly slid the tip of my tongue over the exposed portion of his cock. he lifted his ass up and I pulled his jeans down and watched as more and more of his cock was exposed... down to his smooth shaven balls that hung low between his legs and were resting on the couch. With the jeans gone, he pulled off his shirt and I knelt between his legs, transfixed on his tool.

"You like what you see slut?" he asked.

"Yes sir I do, you're cock looks amazing!" I submissively said.

"Well get to work then faggot, it's not going to suck itself."

I leaned down and put my nose and face in his crotch, smelling his musky balls and feeling the heat on my face. I slowly kissed and licked his smooth balls and gently sucked each of them into my hungry mouth. 

He moaned and seemed to being enjoying himself so far and this is one of my favorite things about sucking a mans cock. It's the instant feedback, every groan and twitch or throb tells you that your doing the right thing and pleasing the other man properly.

I slowly ran my tongue up from his balls and up his shaft until I was at the tip. I licked around the head of his cock before parting my lips and taking the head in my mouth. He had a really nicely shaped and large cock head that was now filling my mouth. I worked my lips down his shaft and began moving my mouth up and down, licking and sucking his cock that was growing larger every moment. 

I felt his hand on my head and he began to push my mouth further and further down on his cock. I could feel his swollen cock head pressing against my tonsils and forcing it's way into my throat. I took a deep breath and tried to open my throat and deep throat his cock but it was nearly nine inches long now and very thick and I began to gag. I came up for air gasping but went right back down on him. He forced my head down and his cock stretched my throat. He held me there, gagging on his massive cock with his hand firmly on the back of my head. He released his grip and I gasped for air leaving his now glistening cock covered with my throat slime!

"Again" he commanded, "and look me in the eyes this time."

I stared into his eyes as his cock slid past my lips and into my throat, my lips stretched around the shaft. With my nose almost touching his belly he said;

"Lick my balls now."

I struggled to open my mouth further and stretched my tongue out to lick his balls, all the while looking at him with my watering eyes and now coughing on his cock.

"That is how you will service me cocksucker, all the way down, tongue my balls, and back up" He said. "Get my cock nice and wet with your throat slime, believe me, you're gonna want it as wet as possible."

Without a word, I did as he directed and my mouth bobbed up and down on his huge cock, licking his balls, and making his shaft glisten with my spit. I was becoming drunk on his cock, his powerful tool pounding my face, my own cock rock hard and dripping pre-cum, him looking down at me... it was all I wanted to do and I was so turned on by this hung studs cock, but he had other other plans.

I stopped for a moment to catch my breath, and he told me to stand up again and turn around.

"I want to look at that tight ass of yours."

I stood up to turn around and he grabbed my hard cock and balls, and collected my pre-cum with his finger.

"You are one cock loving faggot aren't you? look at all the cum your leaking!"

He pushed his fingers into my mouth and smeared my lips with my pre-cum. He then spun me around and slapped my ass cheek.

"Bend over and put your hands back on the table."

I was bent at the waist and felt him squeezing my ass cheeks, spreading them, and smacking them so hard that I would gasp and groan in pain. He kicked my legs further apart and began playing with the butt plug that was in my ass. He twisted it and pushed and pulled it, my ass was gripping onto it so tight as he played with it. He then pulled it out of my ass and started fucking me with it. I could feel my ass starting to gape as he would remove it and then push it back in. 

I was groaning with pleasure as he probed my ass and he seemed to enjoy it as I would look back and see him smiling as he played with my ass.

"You like that boy, you want daddy to fuck your hole with his big cock?"

"Yes" I groaned.

"Yes what faggot? he yelled as he smacked my ass so hard it brought me to my knees!

'Yes sir, please fuck me." I moaned... I was beginning to worry that the neighbors might hear us and was wanting him to be more quiet. 

"You better say it louder bitch, I can't fucking hear you!"

I said it a little louder and explained that I didn't want the neighbors to hear.

"Well then we better shut you up COCKSUCKER." he said loudly. 

He pulled the plug out of my ass and placed it on the coffee table in front of me, shiny and covered with my ass juice.

"Pick it up with your mouth."

I hesitated for an instant and was instantly smacked on the ass, my ass cheek quivering with the sting from his hand. 

"You better follow my directions if you want my cock boy or I'll whip your ass and leave."

"Now do it!"

I leaned forward and took the butt plug into my mouth, It was very warm from being in my ass and tasted like lube and was a little bitter from my ass juice. I was really thankful that I had taken then time to really clean my self out. I looked back over my shoulder a showed him the plug was in my mouth. He smirked and told me was a nasty slut I was.

"Keep that in your mouth, maybe the neighbors won't hear you scream." 

He told me to stand again with my back to him and put his big hands on my waist. He began to pull me down onto his lap but stopped me when the tip of his cock touched my ass. He grabbed his cock with one hand and held my ass with the other and began to rub his hard cock over my hole. 

I was so turned on feeling the head of his cock near my hole, my legs were shaking as he teased my hole, making me want it more and more. The hand on my waist was pulling me down and his big cock head was pressing against my hole, pushing it's way in. Luckily the plug had loosed me up and his cock slowly began to fill me. I was groaning, spit running down my lips and chin from the plug in my mouth. His cock was splitting me in half as the big head made it's way in. 

With the tip of his cock planted in my ass, both hands now grabbed my waist and he pulled me down. I could feel every thick inch of his cock sliding slowly into my ass. With my legs shaking, I reached back and put my hands on his chest for stability and slid down onto his cock... I tried to relax and take him but my ass would clinch down tight and it would burn and I would have to relax again to minimize the pain. 

He was almost all the way in me when I felt intense pressure inside. I had never had a cock this deep in my ass and thought that this was a deep as he could go.

He raised my ass up and my sphincter clung tightly around his shaft, pulling his cock. He groaned and pulled me back down and I felt his cock head push through deeper into my ass. It was painful, and I was moaning, afraid that he may have torn something inside me. 

Every inch of his cock was buried inside me, his balls firmly against my still stinging ass cheeks. I leaned back onto his chest a tried to catch my breath for a moment. He reached up and took the plug out of my mouth and pinched my nipples really hard. I let out a yelp and my hole clamped down on the base of his cock and it felt like my ass was on fire. He laughed as I sat there, unable to move, panting, impaled on his nine inch cock.

"You like that big cock in your ass boy? You've got every inch in that tight boy pussy of yours."

"It's so fucking big... I can feel it throbbing so deep in me" I said.

"Fuck yeah you slut, I felt my cock head pop through your second sphincter." he whispered in my ear. "Now ride my cock pussy boy."

I slowly leaned forward and started to pull his cock out of my ass, inch by inch with my tight anus clinging to his shaft. I took slow, short strokes at first as my ass adjusted to his cock. Each time I took him all the way deep, I could feel his cock head push through deep inside me and he would groan. Soon I was slowly stroking his entire cock with my ass and just leaving the head inside. It felt amazing and I was now beginning to enjoy the feeling of being stuffed by his huge cock. My cock was rock hard and dripping pre-cum everywhere, I was moaning and groaning like some bitch in heat and really getting into it. 

On the next upstroke, he pulled me off his cock and I could feel my pussy close up. I looked down at his rock hard cock and couldn't believe that It had just been buried to the hilt in my ass! I was so over come with lust and the need to please this gorgeous cock, that I just dropped to my knees and shoved it into my mouth.

His cock was covered with my spit, ass juice, and his pre cum, and it tasted delicious, I don't know what came over me but I was overcome with desire to suck every inch of his cock. It was so warm too, like my ass had made it warm and hard and now I couldn't keep it out of my mouth.

"You are one nasty faggot aren't you? You can't get enough of this big cock!"

I was back to deep throating his cock and getting it all nice and wet to re-enter my ass when he pulled me up and put me on my back on the couch. I was worried about making a mess on the couch so I suggested we go upstairs to the bedroom. He agreed and followed me up the stairs while slipping two fingers into my ass along the way. 

He pushed me face first onto the bed and spanked me until my ass was red and I was begging him to stop. He pulled my ass up and pushed my head into the bed saying:

"Keep that back arched faggot, I'm going to fuck you like a bitch now."

He slapped my hole with his cock, I could feel the heat and the hardness with each slap and then he spit on it and started pushing. His throbbing head forced me open and it stung as he re-entered my ass. I gasped and groaned and he slid his cock back into me, my fingers gripping the sheets, my head spinning.

"That's it faggot, arch that back while I fuck your hole."

Quickly the sting of pain became the burn of pleasure as my ass adjusted to the massive cock pumping in and out. First he started with shorter strokes, leaving the tip in and working my hole. I began to move with him ass he fucked my ass, grinding my ass around and working his cock. It was so amazing, his strokes got longer until he was deep stroking his cock into my ass. 

I could hear the suction from my ass and his sloppy wet cock as his balls smacked into mine with each stroke. With the goo running down my thighs, he pulled his cock out, spun me around and shoved his slimy cock into my mouth. I hungrily sucked the slime off his cock being completely overcome with cock lust. This mans cock completely transformed me into a cock crazed slut who couldn't get enough. 

'Back on your knees bitch, time for some real fucking."

I didn't know what to expect next as I removed his cock from my mouth leaving it nice and slippery, I turned around and got back on my knees. He reached between my legs and pulled my cock and balls back and then pushed my legs together so my thighs were holding them in place. He then mounted me, up high with his feet on the bed and my ass in the air. 

I felt the warm drop of his spit on my hole and his cock pushing in. He didn't slide it in, he shoved it in one hard stroke and his big, heavy balls slammed into mine. I gripped the sheets and bit into the mattress to stifle my screams. 

Then it started, the pounding, the unrelenting fucking. I groaned into the sheets and he plowed into my ass... Hard! His cock pounded into my hole in full nine inch strokes. There was nothing gentle about it as his balls slapped into mine over and over with a loud smacking sound. I could hear his cock head pop out of my gaping hole before he would shove it back in. I could barely take the weight of him pounding into me as I grunted into the bed. 

"You like this faggot?" he would ask.

"Yes"

-slam

"Please"

-slam

"Fuck"

-slam 

"Me.." 

-slam

He was grunting with every stroke and I thought he was going to cum then he slowed the pace, and pulled his dripping cock out of my wasted hole. He spread my cheeks and would punch his cock into my hole and then pull it out and watch it gape... I could feel the cool air inside my fucked out ass as he played with it.

He flipped my onto my back and pulled my head over the edge of the bed. The wet tip of his cock entered my mouth and I tasted his jucies and mine as he fucked my face, the slime from his balls covering my forehead. 

"Ok you slut, now I'm gonna fuck you on your back so I can see how much you love my cock."

With my head back on the bed, he pushed my legs up over his shoulders until my knees were next to my head. My gaping ass was throbbing, winking at him as he pushed his cock head against my hole and then in one slow stroke, he was in balls deep. In this position I could feel him even deeper and he ground his cock and balls into me. His fingers found my face and were soon in my mouth, I sucked and tongued them as he stroked his cock in my ass. 

His abb's were also grinding into my cock and balls and with every stroke, his swollen cock head would rub my prostrate. I was very close to shooting and I told him this. 

"You will cum in your own face and mouth faggot." 

He shoved my legs up even further and short stroked my hole, pounding my prostrate sending me past the point of no return. He grabbed my cock and with one stroke, I released my huge load. My boy pussy quivered as I shot load after load of hot cum right into my mouth and onto my face. I don't think I've ever came so much and so hard. He smeared the cum on my face and pushed it into my mouth while still pumping away at my ass.

He was staring down at my sticky face when I felt him tighten up and his pace increased. 

"You're gonna swallow every drop of my load bitch, every drop!"

"Yes sir, feed me your cum!"

"Open up boy!"

He pulled his cock from my ass and brought it to my face, sticky and wet from from my ass, I tasted the juice on my tongue and then he groaned and erupted.

His cock gushed thick, creamy, sticky, hot cum. Shot after powerful shot squirted from his cock and into the back of my mouth, onto my lips, off my teeth, and one right into my nose. I took his cock in my mouth and sucked for every last drop and licked his big sexy cock clean. 

I showed him that huge load in my mouth and swirled it around my tongue, tasting and savoring it before gulping it down and licking my lips. 

He collapsed onto the bed next to me and I moved down and rested my head on his stomach and licked and stroked his softening cock. He reached around and shoved his fingers into my used up hole and stroked and probed it for a while before putting them in my mouth to suck them clean.

"You are quite the slut boy, I'm surprised you could take all that cock." he said. "Not, many can."

"I couldn't help myself, your cock is amazing! I would love to do this again sometime."

"Yeah, lets plan on it, maybe we can find another guy and DP that ass next time."

After that, we got cleaned up, I wiped the dried cum from my face, and went down stairs to get dressed. With a handshake and thank you at the door, he turned and was gone. I was left alone to contemplate the level of depravity I had sunk to with this guy. It really hit home how powerless I become when it comes cock. I felt like this was a turning point and I realized that when it come's to men and their powerful cocks, I just lose my mind and can't get enough. I was already looking forward to the next time with him... or some other man.