 True stories of a BiWM who acts on his craving from time to time. Not in any particular order really, just recounting some of the more memorable encounters and hope you enjoy reading about them. 

*****

Ever since meeting the subject of the last story, BigDickDad, my lust for cock had become insatiable. I think back on that meeting with him and know that something in me had forever changed. No longer did I have the occasional thought about sucking a cock or maybe taking it in the ass. Cock, and the thought of serving powerful men was, and continues to be, on my mind most of the time. The memories of that day, how I became such a hungry slut, moaning like some whore and begging to be fucked, puts me into a constant state of arousal. 

As the months went by, my cravings remained and I satisfied them from time to time by finding guys online who who wanted head. I would meet them or have them over and worship their cocks until they filled my mouth or covered my face with their cum. This would satisfy my hunger and sometimes weeks or months would pass before I would feel the need to suck another.

During this time, I also met another girlfriend (yes, I'm totally Bi) who has no idea that I love pleasing men. As you can imagine, this limited my availability to hook up with guys as I couldn't have them over whenever the urge for sucking a cock came. It also limited the time I could spend getting nice and clean so I could be pounded again. I was usually content to suck an occasional cock and swallow cum, but I always wanted more. Usually time constraints, or the lack of that nasty chemistry prevented anything more. That was until I met Paul.

I met Paul online, I had placed an add that stated that I was looking for a big cock to suck and fuck, that I liked it nasty and was a submissive bottom. I was very specific in what I was looking for and requested pictures before I would agree to meet. I had learned that for me to be turned on, I had to be attracted to the cock that was going into my mouth or ass. On a few occasions, the guy I was blowing didn't quite do it for me, but I would always finish and take his load.

Paul responded to my ad, provided his stats and said he was a hung top. He lived fairly close and said he was looking for a regular thing. When I asked for a picture of his cock, he refused and said it was a thick eight inches, cut, and I would love it. No picture is usually a deal breaker for me. We emailed back and forth and when I told him how I love to bitch out and please, his responses indicated he was the take charge type, so we agreed to meet soon. I told him to email me on Tuesday as I had that day off and the girlfriend would be working and wouldn't be "popping in" unexpectedly. 

I was working out in my garage that afternoon when my phone buzzed and I saw an email from Paul. It simply said "You want my cock bitch". Instantly my cock started to get hard and my mouth began to water thinking about the big cock he described. The problem was that I didn't have too much time to have him over. Certainly not enough time to get cleaned up for a good fucking so I proposed he come over and I would give him an head out in the garage and if we clicked, we would plan a longer meeting in the future. 

He quickly agreed and I gave him my address and told him to just walk up the driveway to my detached garage. It was warm out and I was hanging around outside waiting to see him pull up. It wasn't too long and a car came down the street and rolled to a stop and parked on the street. I could tell it was him as he got out and headed towards me.

My pulse quickened like it does every time I meet with a person I'm about to drop to my knees in front of. He was about five ten, thin and fit wearing tight fitting skinny jeans and a t-shirt. He wasn't bad looking either but had a serious look about him. I introduced myself and we shook hands, mostly for show in case a neighbor was watching, then he followed my through the side door and into the garage. 

I closed and locked the door and then moved to the middle of the garage next to my car. I could feel my heart pounding in my chest as I stepped closer to him and moved my hand to his thigh. I had seen the slight bulge in his pants when he walked up and now I moved fingers up his thigh until I felt his cock through his jeans. My hand moved over the bulge and I could tell that he had told the truth about the size of his cock. 

Knowing that I was about to explore this strangers cock out in my garage made my own cock start to grow as I was filled with the familiar hunger and anticipation. I continued to stroke the growing bulge through his jeans as I dropped to my knees to get a closer look. 

His cock was bulging across his jeans now as I leaned forward and put my mouth on the bulge and blew my hot breath into his jeans. I kept my mouth moving over his cock as I moved my hands up to un button his pants. Unzipping him my hands pulled apart his fly and slowly pulled his jeans down to his knees exposing his tight, black briefs that now covered his cock. 

I could see the glorious outline clearly now and could even make out the head through the thin fabric. I rubbed my face over the bulge and moved my hands over his thighs as the lust for his cock grew inside me. He pulled his shirt off and dropped it to the floor as my fingertips pulled at the waist band of his briefs. 

I was overwhelmed with the anticipation of of seeing his cock, it was like unwrapping the best present on xmass day and I found my mouth watering. I looked up to see him watching my every move and it was clear he saw the lust in my eyes. I looked back to his bulge and pulled the briefs over his cock and watched in awe as it sprang free and pointed right at my face.

It was gorgeous! A perfect porn star cock that was easily eight inches long and at least six inches in diameter. The veiny shaft looked silky smooth, thick, from his tight balls all the way up to the perfectly formed, fat, shiny mushroom head.

"Holy fuck your cock is awesome," I gasped, looking up at him. 

"I told you you would love it," he said smiling.

I knelt a little lower at the magnificent tool in front of me while looking into his eyes and moved my smooth shaven face over the underside of his cock. The smell was intoxicating, the musk from his balls and shaft filled my nostrils as I felt the warmth of his smooth cock on my face. I explored him like this for a moment, taking in the sensations while feeling my cock throb in my pants. 

I opened my mouth and began to gently lick his balls. Kissing them, sucking them into my mouth as his harding shaft loomed over my face. His cock head was like a magnet pulling my mouth upward as I licked and kissed my way up the shaft. He tasted delicious and before long my tongue was tracing the head of his cock, lips kissing and sucking his cock head until it was glistening.

I was about to wrap my lips around his cock when he pushed my head away and hand held it for a second. He proceeded to kick off his shoes, and remove his pants and briefs so I reached over and helped. He reached down and pulled my shirt over my head then slid his hand down the back of my pants. His fingers soon found my ass and he groped it and pushed a finger tip at my tight hole.

"Take off your pants." he commanded.

I stood and shyly removed my pants revealing my now throbbing six inches, dripping with pre cum. I became nervous. I had planned on giving a quick bj in the garage, clothes on, in case the need arouse to not look like I was sucking cock in the garage. I had some lame excuse in the back of my head if the girlfriend or neighbor came over. Now I felt completely exposed standing naked in front of another naked man. 

He said,"Get back on your knees and get to work."

With one look down at his big cock, all the thoughts of being discovered evaporated as I dropped to my knees between his legs. I parted my lips to take his cock head into my mouth and licked the first drop of pre cum from the tip. The silky taste was delicious and with that, only one thing occupied my mind... serving his cock.

He moaned as my lips stretched over the head of his cock and my tongue, swirled around the tip. It was a decadent mouthful as I sucked on his cock head and inched my lips down the shaft. I was fully into my happy place now and enjoying his cock to the fullest. I had to open my mouth wide to take him in and felt his head pushing past my tonsils and into my throat. I knew it would be a challenge not to gag as it went deeper so I concentrated on my breathing and relaxed as much as possible.

I moved my hungrily sucking mouth up and down his shaft taking him deeper and deeper. Maybe a little gag here or there before licking my way down the shaft and sucking his balls into my mouth. With each trip down the shaft to his balls and back up to suck the head into my mouth, my lust for his cock overcame every thought in my head. 

Nothing existed except his glorious meat in my mouth, not room for a single thought other then his hard cock. I was becoming cock drunk and he was enjoying it. I would look up and take his wet cock, and smear it all over my face before taking deeper into my throat. With every trip into my throat, it would come out covered with my throat slime, hanging off my lips and his cock and dripping down my chin. 

He grabbed my head with his left hand and pulled my mouth off his cock the gripped the base of his shaft with his right, strings of spit hanging.

"You like this cock don't you bitch?"

"I fucking love your cock." I gasped like a starving whore.

"You're a good cocksucker, you want some more?" he asked.

"Yes sir, please feed me your big cock!" I begged.

He took his cock and slapped my face with it. Strings of saliva flew as he smacked my face with his tool. he was rock hard and I could feel every hard smack as he pounded my forehead, cheeks, nose and lips with his cock. With his hands holding my head and his cock, he commanded;

"Open wide."

I opened my mouth and he shoved my head down on his cock. He didn't stop then he felt the resistance of my throat but pushed harder, shoving every inch of his cock into my throat until his balls were on my chin. I tried to relax and open up but struggled and chocked on his cock. He withdrew and let me catch my breath before shoving it in again. Holding his cock in my throat with one hand, he reached down with the other and smacked my ass. I groaned on his cock with pleasure then he pushed his finger into my ass.

"Thats a tight hole you have there, I'm gonna own that too." he said as he pulled his cock from my mouth.

Gasping I said "Yes sir, it's all yours."

"Oh it will be, don't you worry about that. Now SUCK."

I did as he commanded, sucking and taking his cock down my throat, licking the strings of spit from it while looking up at him in full submission. I spread my knees and arched my back, exposing my smooth, tight ass for his viewing pleasure while pumping his cock in and out of my mouth. I would take him deep and feel his cock throb, then be rewarded with his silky pre cum as my tongue got to his piss slit. Savoring the taste I would swirl my tongue around the tip before opening up and taking the shaft again.

Noting existed except his huge cock and the burning desire I had to please him and show him I deserved to be his cocksucker. I continued to take his cock deep into my mouth and throat with wanton desire and stumbled onto a technique that has served me well since and pleased many. I noticed that I would tense up as his cock would begin to push into my throat, I would tighten up and then usually gag or cough at the suffocating intrusion. His hands were on my head as he pushed his cock into my mouth and as I felt the head of his cock moving past my tonsils, I inhaled through my nose and relaxed... I just opened my throat and let him push it in. His cock pushed deeper as the shaft slid past my stretched lips until his balls were pressed tightly to my chin and my nose buried in his pubes. I could feel the pressure of his cock inside my tight throat, but continued to relax and not panic while feeling proud of taking him so deep. 

I gasped for air as he pulled his cock from my mouth, strings of my spit hanging from his shaft. 

"Seems like your getting the hang of deep throating my cock aren't you?"

"Yes sir" I replied "I love having your cock in my throat, I've never taken one so deep without gagging!"

"That's good slut, my cock is going to be in there a lot if your gonna be my bitch." 

"I love worshiping your gorgeous cock, it's so perfect."

I went back to work on his cock, licking around the head and kissing the shaft. examining every inch and each veiny bulge trying to memorize everything about it. He stood looking down as I worshiped his cock, his hands on his hips. I put my hands behind my back and used only my mouth. Practicing my new skill, I would lean forward onto his cock as it would press into my throat, every inch devoured, and then hold it there for a moment before pulling back until the head would slip past my clinging lips with a pop. Back and forth my mouth moved over his cock as I looked up at him in submission, a cocksucker... HIS cocksucker.

With strings of spit hanging from my chin, he grabbed the back of my head with his left hand and put his right hand under my chin around my throat. He started fucking my mouth while holding my head still. I opened wide in submission as he pummeled my mouth, his thick cock and my face covered with spit and he fucked my face. My mouth was gaping and making wet, sucking sounds like a hungry cock whore as he pounded away. 

"Gag on my cock slut, you ready for your reward?"

I tried to reply but the words were unintelligible. He then shoved it in balls deep and held it there while he stroked my throat with his right hand, massaging his cock through my throat before going back to fucking my face. This continued for a few minuets and I could tell he was getting close to cumming, he was oozing more tasty pre cum and his balls were tightening up as his breathing increased. He pulled his wet cock from my mouth stroked it with his right hand while pushing my head lower.

"You ready for my load?" he asked.

I pleaded, "Please feed me your cum!"

"Get down lower and open your mouth and put out your tongue."

I did as he commanded and spread my knees further while sitting on the floor at his feet, looking up with my hungry mouth open and my tongue out, ready to take his cum.

"That's a good cocksucker" he said, "You ready?"

"Mmmmmm yes, cum for me, I want every drop."

He breathing quickened as he stroked his cock right in front of my face. The head of his cock would bounce off my tongue as his fist moved up and down the shaft. I knew it was coming when I felt his legs tighten and he went onto his tip toes. His hand gripped the base of his swollen, angry, throbbing cock and he aimed at my waiting mouth and I looked up at him in submission. It seemed like the moment lasted forever, waiting for the explosion about to come. I wondered what his cum was going to be like, thick and creamy, or less viscous and thinner. Shooting hard or oozing out? Big loads or just a squirt or two?

I didn't have to wait long, with perfect aim and a big groan, he shot a big thick stream right onto my tongue. It blasted out and splattered onto my tongue as I tipped my face upward to catch it all. Then another stream followed, and another as he unloaded his balls into my mouth. His cum was thick and creamy and was shooting into my mouth with a few streams hitting my upper lip and nose. It smelled so good and tasted even better as he filled my mouth with his jizz. 

Once his cock stopped shooting, he used the tip to push the cum on my nose and lip into my mouth. I sucked the last drop from the tip of his cock and sat there looking up and his still hard cock with a mouthful of hot cum.

Looking up I opened my mouth showing him the huge load he had just blown. It really was a mouthful and it was hard to keep it all as I swirled my tongue around my mouth reveling in the taste of his salty load. 

"You like my cum don't you?"

"Ummm humm" I mumbled.

"Good, now swallow it all."

I closed my mouth and gulped his cum down my throat as he looked down with approval. It tasted so good and was so creamy, I loved the flavor that lingered in my mouth and I still couldn't get enough of his cock. I took it back into my mouth but he was over sensitive and took it away from me and said it was too intense right now. 

My cock was rock hard and I had been dripping my own pre cum everywhere but I didn't want to cum. I wanted to feel that desire and not release it so when he asked if I wanted to get off I said no thanks. We started getting dressed and I asked if he was happy with the way it went.

He replied "Hell yeah, loved fucking your throat but next time, I'm gonna fuck your tight ass."

"I can't wait to feel you in my ass, I love your big dick." 

We were dressed at this point and had that awkward moment when you don't know whether to shake hands or hug or whatever... it always kind of makes me laugh as I had just taken cock and cum down my throat but don't know how to say goodby. We shook hands and said we would keep in touch. He then walked out of the garage and down the driveway and I went back outside to do some yard work, still savoring the taste of his cum in my mouth and the scent of his cock on my face.

A few weeks came and went. We had tried meeting up again but our schedules didn't match up. All I kept thinking about was his cock. I had an image of it burned into my mind, how much I enjoyed pleasing it, making him hard, taking his cum... it's all I could do not to jack off to the thought of it every time it crossed my mind.

We emailed back and forth and got to know each others turn ons. I told him how I loved his big cock and liked guys who were verbal. I also told him how I liked to submit and be used hard, be spanked and get nasty and kinky. It turned him on to hear this and he would tell me how he was going to "Eat my pussy ass" and "Make me beg to be fucked". 

Ever since that last encounter with BigDickDad, I had been fantasizing about how I had become so crazed for cock, that I took him from my ass to mouth and couldn't get enough. It felt so hot to be so submissive, so hungry, so willing to be used like a cheap slut and that I couldn't get enough. These thoughts were racing through my mind now and I told Paul that next time we met, I wanted him to make me taste my ass. Needless to say he was very receptive to the idea and told me he was going to make me lick and suck him clean. It was starting to sound like we had great chemistry and I was looking forward to our next meeting. 

I had a free day and the house to myself when my phone buzzed with an email from Paul. "Are you free slut?" Is all it said. Yes I responded, saying I could be ready in a hour or so. I wanted to get my ass nice and clean for a serious fucking and needed some time to do it, already my cock was growing hard with anticipation. He informed me that he didn't have too much time and could only come over right away. I told him I didn't have time to get cleaned up but we could do another quick blow job. He agreed to that and said he would be oven in ten minuets. 

Before long I saw him parking across the street and walking up to the front door. I opened it before he could knock and said hello as he walked in the door. I had closed the blinds in the front room and bedroom so the neighbors wouldn't be able to see anything if they looked. I shut the door behind him and reached down to feel his cock through his pants. I could feel the heat through the fabric and a slight wet spot off to the side that told me he was anticipating our meeting as much as I was.
