 True stories of a BiWM who acts on his craving from time to time. Not in any particular order really, just recounting some of the more memorable encounters and hope you enjoy reading about them. 

*****

As you have seen from my past encounters that over time, I have developed a pretty strong obsession with for cock and pleasing men. From that very first cock as a younger kid, to my more recent extended encounters, the thought of men's cocks and serving them has always been in the back of my mind. It had been years since the days of being a kid and playing with the neighbor's cocks, experimenting, to actually sucking a man's cock as an adult. But over these years, I noticed that it was always the image of a cock that would trigger these cravings. I remember being at a friend's house as a teenager and looking at a Hustler magazine and one of the photo sets was of a hot guy and girl having sex. The pictures of her wet, shaved pussy were really sexy and I could feel the blood begin to flow, but it was the pictures of his big hard cock that really turned me on. Of course I didn't let on to my friends and I concealed my growing cock, but the porn had reminded me of an image stored away in my head as I became aware of my lust for cock.

Many years passed again and during this time it was always the more hardcore porn, showing men and women fucking that aroused me. Back then, the only place to find this sort of porn were certain newsstands and adult book stores, but I was too young to enter or buy anything. I reverted to stealing it when I could just to get my eyes on it and jack off to it. Eventually I became old enough and one night on the way home I went into the local adult book store and bought a few hardcore magazines and took them home to jack off too. On another visit, I went down stairs to the video arcade and would watch the hardcore porn movies and rub one out. As I walked around looking at what movies were playing in what booth, I walked past a booth and was shocked to see some guys hard cock sticking through the wall into the open booth. It stopped me in my tracks as I had not seen a real man's hard cock in many, many years. I didn't even know what a glory hole was, but I was about to find out! The next thing I knew I was walking into the booth and locking the door behind me. 

After putting some quarters into the slot, the movie came on and in the dim TV light, I stared at the hard cock poking through the wall. It didn't move and stood at attention waiting. I touched it and felt the warmth of the blood coursing through his shaft. It was a nice looking dick, about seven inches long and a little thick with a nice, cut head. I went to my knees and put my lips up to his cock head and tentatively licked it lightly. I was surprised by the musky, manly smell of his cock, it filled my nostrils as my tongue found its way along his shaft down to his balls. I inhaled his scent as I licked my way back up his shaft until my lips parted and slowly slipped over the head of his cock. 

The feel of his foreskin on my lips was amazing, soft and smooth as my mouth made its way down feeling every vein on my tongue and sniffing in that manly smell. He didn't say a word from the other side of the wall as I sucked on his cock, moving my mouth up and down. I realized that my own cock had become rock hard in the process and that I was really enjoying what I was doing, becoming more and more turned on by servicing this stranger. I began to get nervous and was running out of change to feed the machine so I asked him if he wanted to go out to my truck. He agreed and he followed me out. I had parked a few blocks away and we walked in silence to my truck and got in. It was fall and the windows were fogged over so no one could see in and he promptly dropped his pants and I resumed sucking his cock. He was rock hard and seemed to enjoy my attention to his member but about 20 minutes had passed and he hadn't cum. I asked him if he wanted to cum and he said he probably wouldn't be able too. Maybe it was my lack of technique, or perhaps he was loaded or something, but I needed to get home as my wife would wonder where I was. So we parted ways and I stopped at the 7-11 to get some mouth wash before heading home, knowing that I probably smelled like his musky cock and my saliva. 

That was the first cock I sucked as an adult and I knew that it would not be the last as I had been so turned on by the act even though he didn't cum. Many more times I returned there and sucked cocks through the glory holes, eventually even going home with one guy who fucked me for the first time... but that's another story. 

So here I am today after sucking many, and being fucked by a few men over the years and it's always the same trigger, a picture or video of a hard cock and poof! I'm gone into hungry slut cocksucker land and on the prowl for what I crave. As you can imagine these days with porn all over the internet, I'm am always triggered and find myself looking for someone to serve. 

This story starts with me out in Nashville working a temporary job I had at the time. Things were winding down with the job and I was going to be without work for a while so I planned on riding my motorcycle down to Florida to sight see before riding back home. During my down time I would surf the web for porn and one day, I came across a bunch of hypno videos. I had never seen anything like these and I found them very mesmerizing. They would flash images of cocks and cum while saying things in the back ground like "you love cock, you want to suck cocks, you want to eat cum..." you get the picture. Most were sissy related with the idea to trigger you into wanting to become a sissy cocksucker. I found them to really be a turn on so I downloaded many of them to watch and listen to. Little did I know how they would re-program my brain and make me crave cock even more.

I had planned my route to Florida and would spend my first night in Jacksonville and booked a hotel. I was horny all the time and craving cock from these hypno videos I had started watching so I decided I would try and find some cock along the way. A few days before leaving, I placed an ad online and see if I could find someone to come visit me at the hotel that night. I really needed to release my new found hunger for cock. I had a promising reply to my ad from a guy named Teo. He said he lived in Jacksonville and could meet me in my room the night I was going to be there. His stats and pictures showed he was a top, liked to be dominant, verbal, and he was tall and was nicely hung with a thick 8.5 inches. I hoped that our meeting would actually happen and he wouldn't flake out like so many do.

The night before I departed I took the time to load a bunch of the hypno audio tracks onto my phone so I could listen to them while riding to Florida. The next morning, I loaded up my bike and headed out and planned to get to Jacksonville by 4 of 5 in the afternoon. After a while on the road, I turned on the hypno playlist and listened in a state of arousal, thinking of the meeting I was going to have that night. I listened to these suggestive hypno tracks over and over as the miles ticked away and imagined all the cocks that I had sucked over the years and imagined ones I wanted to suck in the future... Now and then when I stopped for gas, I would look at the pics Tony had sent of his cock and imagined how the night would hopefully play out.

After a long day of riding through the southern countryside and a few torrential downpours, I arrived at my hotel in Jacksonville and checked into my room. After unloading and getting my gear off the first thing I did was email Tony and confirm our meeting later that evening. He replied right away that we were still on, so that was a good sign the we would actually meet. With that in mind I began to get ready for the evening. First I used my clippers to get rid of most of the hair on my legs and ass before I used my razor to shave my ass, balls, and pussy nice and smooth. After all of the hypno I had listened to, I now thought of my anus as my pussy and I wanted to make it nice and pretty for Tony so he would find it inviting and want to use it. After getting smooth, I cleaned my pussy inside and out until it was squeaky clean and ready for what was to come in a few hours. I then took a long, hot bubble bath and soaked the miles I had rode away while watching more hypno. I really couldn't get enough of it now and was really craving cock.

Finally, it was nearing the time we were to meet so I emailed Tony with the hotel name and room number I was in. He confirmed that he would be there at 9pm and told me to be on the bed and to leave the door unlocked. I was very aroused already and when he gave me orders I knew that it was going to be a good night. Just before nine I got an email he was on the way so I unlatched the door, put on some downbeat music and lay face down on the bed wearing just a tight jock that made my ass look really hot. My head was at the foot of the bed while I waited for this complete stranger to walk into my hotel room and see me nearly naked and waiting.

It wasn't too long before the door opened and Tony entered. He came into the room carrying a bag and promptly dropped it on the floor and made his way to the foot of the bed. He was tall, over six foot and handsome with a shaved head and fit build. He seemed to like what he saw on the bed in front of him while he stood there in front of me. In seconds my hands reached out and felt his crotch and the growing bulge within. I quickly unbuckled his belt and dropped his pants and his growing cock spring free in front of my face. 

It was beautiful to behold as it bobbed in front of my eyes. I caressed his big low hanging balls and brought his cock to my now watering mouth. I parted my lips and licked the tip of his cock with my tongue and soon had my lips wrapped around the shaft as I slowly slid my mouth down. His warm cock throbbed in my mouth and he continued to harden as my lips and tongue caressed him. He moaned as I took his cock down my throat and with his balls on my chin, moved my tongue from side to side on the shaft. 

"Your quite the hungry cocksucker aren't you?" he said as I worked his shaft. 

"A complete stranger just walked into your room and in less than 30 seconds you have his cock down your throat". 

His words hit home. There I was, nearly naked on a bed in a hotel room with this stranger's cock growing in my mouth and my own cock getting rock hard. 

"That's it faggot, suck that cock" he said. Being called a faggot made my cock twitch, I loved it and I had told him that I loved being submissive and Tony really was the right dominant guy to bring it out in me. 

"You like that cocksucker? You like sucking my cock?"

"Yes" I gasped, "I love sucking your cock Sir". 

"Oh that's it boy, you keep sucking..."

He held my head and forced his cock down my throat and held it there, "Tell my you're a faggot boy, go on, SAY IT" 

I mumbled "I'm a faggot" with my mouth full of cock. "Say it again faggot, tell me what you are?" 

Gasping for air I mumbled "I'm a cocksucker, a faggot cocksucker". 

"That's right boy, you're my cocksucker and don't you forget it", "Show me that ass of yours". 

I arched my back and moved so my ass was up in the air with my mouth still on his cock as I continued sucking him. Without warning, his hand came down and slapped my ass cheek! I let out a muffed scream of surprise and felt both his hands grope my ass cheeks and pull on the jock I was wearing. He slapped my ass hard as I whimpered and slobbered on his hard cock. He spread my ass and I felt his fingers tease my twitching pussy as he continued to spank my ass with his other hand. He spanked me so hard and loud that I was worried people in the other rooms might hear.

After a few minutes of this, he stopped and said "get up and stand here, I want to look you over". 

I moved off the bed and stood next to it while he looked me over. The bulge in my jock strap gave away how much I was turned on by the dominant man in my room. He had stepped out of his pants and took off his shirt as he walked around me looking me over. 

"Strip" he said or rather commanded. 

I slid the jock off and stepped out of it as my rock hard cock sprang free. He smiled with satisfaction as my cock jumped when he twisted my left nipple causing me to squeal in pain. After he walked around me, he hopped onto the bed and sat there with his back propped up by the pillows and head board and his legs spread. 

"Come up here and suck my cock faggot" he commanded. 

Obediently I crawled onto the bed and got between his legs and resumed licking and sucking on his balls and cock. I was getting so turned on that I had to get my cock off the bed as it was too stimulating, I got my ass up in the air while I kept my head down in his crotch and on his cock. He seemed to like the view of my ass in the air and leaned over to smack it again. My ass was red now from his spankings and he groped at my smooth hole again. 

"Turn around and show me that pussy boy, get the dildo out of my bag too". He said. 

I reached into the bag and found a small blue dildo and returned to the bed and laid on my back between his legs with my head at the other end of the bed. 

"Spread your legs and show me". He said. 

Reluctantly I spread my legs and let him see my hole... I had never been told to expose myself like this and he was really showing his dominance over me, like he knew that I would do whatever he asked of me. He was obviously very experienced and knew just how to get me into that headspace where he was in charge and I would do his bidding. 

"Play with that pussy, show me how much you want to get fucked". 

I moved my fingers around my hole and teased it. I got my fingers wet with spit and then slowly put them into my hungry ass one at a time... Moving and grinding them and then putting them back into my mouth. I could taste my ass juices and that seemed to turn him on even more as he lay there watched my play with my hole. I took the blue dildo and slowly teased my ass with it, pushing at it, getting it wet with my mouth, licking it, until I had all of it inside and slowly pulled it out, my tight ass clinging to it. 

"You like things in your ass don't you faggot?" he said and he watched me push that dildo in and out of my ass while stroking his big cock. 

"I can tell by how hard your cock is and all that pre cum leaking out of it". He laughed and reached down and wiped up the pre cum from my cock and rubbed it on my lips. 

"Pull the dildo out and lick it clean for me". He said, I obediently pulled the dildo out and took it into my mouth and sucked it clean. His cock was rock hard and it seemed that now he had had enough waiting. He leaned oved and grabbed my thighs and pulled me up over his body while flipping me onto my stomach. With his hands on my ass now, he pulled my pussy to his mouth and buried his tongue in my ass. Kissing, licking, and probing my hungry ass with his mouth while spreading my cheeks wide for his oral assault. It felt so amazing as he devoured my hole and made me so wet. Of course, my head was in his crotch again so I went to work on his hard cock while he buried his tongue in my now very wet pussy. 

He smacked my ass cheeks with both hands and told me to get on my hands and knees and get my ass up in the air. I slid forward and felt his hard cock rub mine as I assumed the position in front him, legs spread, back arched and my freshly eaten, hungry hole in front of him. I felt his weight shift on the bed as he moved up behind me and put his hands on my waist. I felt his hard cock brushing inside my thighs and then over my ass as he teased my hole with the tip. His hard, heavy meat, slapping at my exposed pussy making it twitch in anticipation.

I felt his warm spit drop between my cheeks and then he guided the tip of his cock to my hole and started pushing it in. His big cockhead felt enormous as he pushed it into me, spreading me open. I tried to relax and take it as he assaulted my hole. I gasped for air and moaned "your cock is so big" as he continued to work it in.

"Yes it is, and you're going to take every inch" he said as he pulled the tip out and smacked my ass again. 

I gripped the sheets and moaned as we worked his cock into my pussy. Pushing in, pulling out, I tried to focus on my breathing and focused on his cock to ignore the pain as he forced me open. He inched his way into me, each time a bit deeper and I felt him stretching me deep inside until he was fully buried. With both hands on my hips and his cock balls deep, he grinded his hips into me, forcing every last millimeter in and then he held it there. My pussy was beginning to get used to the monster cock buried in me and the pain and discomfort began to fade into pleasure. My cock was rock hard and dripping as I focused on the present moment. Here I was, face down and ass up with a total strangers big, eight and a half inch cock, buried balls deep in my ass, moaning like a slut in heat. 

"You like taking that big cock don't you faggot". He asked.

"Yes Sir I do, it feels so good, it's SO fucking big" I said panting. 

"Tell me what you are boy" he commanded as he pulled his cock back leaving just that thick cockhead in me.

"A faggot?" I said. "No" he replied as he shoved his cock back into me, taking my breath away, "Try again".

"Uh... um, a cocksucker?" I guessed out loud. "Nope, try again". 

I stammered, unsure of what he wanted me to say. His hand came down and smacked my ass SO hard I whimpered and moaned as he smacked my ass again. 

"Think about it boy, what kind of person invites a complete stranger over and in less than 30 seconds takes his cock in their mouth and ass". "What are you boy?"

"I'm a whore, a slut Sir?" I guessed out loud. 

"That's right faggot, you're a SLUT" he said loudly. "C'mon and say it". 

Groaning, as he shoved his cock in again I said "I'm a slut". He leaned forward and whispered into my ear, "I didn't hear you, say it louder". 

"I'm a SLUT sir" I moaned, "Louder" he commanded. I was worried about someone in the other rooms hearing what was going, but saying I was a slut out loud for him was really turning me on. Being put in my place and being verbally degraded, every fiber of my body was aroused. I was trying to fight it, I didn't want to admit that something in my core was putting me into these situations over and over again. I realized that I was indeed a faggot slut and that him making me say that out load was confirming what was true in my core.

"I'm A SLUT" I shouted, "I'm a SLUTTY, FAGGOT WHORE". 

"Oh that's a good boy", he said. "It's good to know what you are isn't it?" he asked rhetorically. "Now that we know what you are, you're going to show me all reasons that make you what you are right?" 

"Yes Sir" I replied. 

He then grabbed my ass and spread it wide as he pumped his cock in and out for a few minutes. Occasionally he would pull out and spit on my pussy for more lube and then continue fucking me. My pussy was fully used to his cock now and it felt amazing to feel him so deep, pounding me. He leaned forward again and bit my earlobe and began calling me names, saying I was a dirty cock whore, a faggot slut, just a collection of holes for men's cocks. Every word he said turned me on and I just groaned a blissful "yes" to everything he said. 

He pulled my hands back onto my ass and told me to spread my ass for him. I did as I was told and he slowly pulled his cock out of my now very wet and open hole. I could feel my pussy gaping as his cock withdrew until it winked closed again. He pushed back in and pulled out telling me to "make that pussy gape for me". He grabbed my hand and pulled me around to face him, on his knees on the bed with that big wet cock sitting there at full attention. 
