 It had been a shit week; everything kept going wrong for Jake and only one thing could put it right: cock, cock and more cock.

He jumped into his vehicle and headed out of town on the Friday afternoon to the one place he knew there was bound to be some man meat on offer. There was a place that everyone with a hunger in their crotch or ass knew about. Nobody knew its real name but those in the know called it Cum Quickly Woods. Amongst the trees, at any time of night or day, there would be men on the prowl. Some were looking for a quick blow, others wanted it nice and slow up the ass and still others just wanted to look.

All kinds of men used the place: from married men in a hurry to bisexual men looking to broaden their contacts; from macho men into rough stuff to pretty boys out to pose and be desired. As he parked his vehicle Jake could feel the tension start to ease out of his body only to be replace by another, more animal like, tension. He felt wound up like a spring; his mouth was dry, his foreskin already retracted. He quickly adjusted his balls and stepped into the woods.

Having gone just twenty yards he came across a good looking guy in his mid twenties sucking on a really big, thick juicy cock that belonged to a hairy bear of a man who was in his late thirties. The bear was completely naked and Jake was drawn by his big beefy butt that was covered in silky brown hair. It would do as a starter, he thought as he approached. He reached out a hand and gave the bear and exploratory stroke on his back, nice and neutral like. There was no negative response so Jake got down on his knees and parted those beefy cheeks and plunged in.

He could hear the beefy bear moan as he greedily devoured his ass until it was totally slick. Coming up for air Jake eased his thumb into that silken canal while stroking the back of the bear's balls with his fingers. 

'Oh fuck my ass!' came the growl.

But it was too soon for Jake to peak. He wanted to spend a long, long time here, losing himself in a world of horny men. Luckily his horny rim job had attracted some attention and Jake looked over to his left where a man in a suit stood with his eight inch cock sticking out of his fly. Jake nodded at the bear's ass. The businessman drew closer and Jake took his bottle of lube out of his pocket and quickly lubed up his veiny cock. There was a very satisfied moan as the businessman sank his tool into a very welcoming, wet hole. Jake gave him a quick pat on the butt before stepping back onto the path.

Five minutes later he came across three guys having some amazingly hot and inventive sex on a fallen tree. He watched them for a while, slowly stroking his cock as he watched. The trio tried every combination they could think off and Jake was most impressed at how their cocks stood fully to attention throughout. He glanced down t his own upward curving cock; the red shiny knob looked really angry now and was coated in his own secretions. Suddenly a hungry mouth appeared before him and he was happy to press home for a few minutes.

The sucker was really good and took all of Jake's nine inches down his throat while stroking his thighs and butt. At another time Jake would have been happy to let him have his reward: a nice big juicy load, but not today. He needed more and suddenly and unceremoniously yanked his cock out of the hungry sucker's mouth and started to walk away. But, realizing that he had been a shit and was trying to punish some poor innocent guy for his lousy week, he went back to the man. It took just five minutes from the time he unzipped his fly to when the guy shot his load down Jake's throat.

'Thanks man, I really needed that.' he said.

Jake pulled him close in a brief hug and told him to take care.

Walking on a little he saw a really pretty twink who had a little too much attitude. The hot twink tried to catch Jake's eye but the hung stud just kept walking. He thought he recognized the guy from an earlier, unfulfilled encounter and he had no time for that. He watched an older man approach the twink and receive a rebuttal. Poor guy.

And then Jake saw him; the man that he needed. He stood six foot tall and was slender but well built at the same time. There was a slightly rough look to him but when he smiled Jake realized it was just a cultivated air. This guy was so hot that Jake was instantly hard as he approached. The stranger tugged on Jake's fly button and he knew this was going to be a hot session.

He led Jake deeper into the woods where they could not be seen from the path and the pair locked lips in a hungry and horny kiss. The stranger's hands roamed up and down Jake's body as they ground their bodies against each other, taking great delight in the hard cock each felt mashed up against them.

Jake broke off the kiss and started to introduce himself when the stranger held his finger to his lips. Don't break the spell, he seemed to be saying. He undid Jake's shirt and started stroking his chest. 

'Ouch!' Jake protested when his fingers crushed his nipples a little too hard for his liking. He modulated the pressure and started getting Jake really worked up. Now Jake's shirt was being removed and those warm hands were sliding all over his torso. For his part the stranger loved the feel of Jake's smooth skin. His little brown nipples jutted out like rockets about to launch. His hard dick snaked across his left hip and demanded attention.

The stranger looked up at Jake with his sexy brown eyes as he sank to his knees. He smiled and then started to undo Jake's fly button. He lowered his jeans and underpants and had him step out of them. There was a soft sight of appreciation before the stranger wrapped a fist around Jake's throbbing cock and guided it into his warm mouth. His lips and tongue made love to every square millimetre of that throbbing love tool, greedily lapping up the precum that constantly oozed out of it . A hand was slid up into Jake's tight crack and a probing finger stroked all around his pucker hole.

Jake spread his legs apart to allow freer access. He was really beginning to feel the need of a big, juicy cock in his ass and he hoped he would get it. But the stranger just kept on sucking him and teasing his hole.

'Fuck me...please' a desperate Jake had to beg.

When his pleas were ignore Jake decided to take action. He pulled the stranger to his feet and went for his zipper. The stranger tried to pull away and Jake could see the guy looked quite agitated, and he wondered what the matter could be. He soon found out. When he yanked at his underpants he found he was looking at the smallest cock he had ever seen on a man. Not only was it no more than about three inches but it was about as thick as his finger. Something fell out of his underpants and landed on the bed of pine needles. It was a cock shaped plastic sleeve that the guy had had his cock up inside of, and that had felt so good and hard up against Jake's body. To say that Jake was disappointed was putting it mildly but he had gone this far so he lubed the guy up and bent over.

It seemed less than a minute later when the guy grunted and pulled out. Jake was terribly confused; had he even been in? He had hardly felt a thing. The guys grabbed his clothes and started to dress. Suddenly a twig snapped and Jake looked over and saw an enormous mountain of a man with an incredibly thick cock in hand. It was easily as fat as a beer can at the base though it tapered over its seven inch length to an arrow shaped cockhead. Below this monstrous sausage sat two very large and furry nuts in a tight pouch. It was exactly the cock Jake needed and he beckoned for the man to approach. When he came closer Jake saw that the thick mat of hair on his chest was full of dried and drying spunk where numerous men had creamed off on him.

Jake wasted no time and quickly applied a healthy dollop of lube to that mouth watering dick. He gave his previous partner a quick wave good-bye before bending over a log and holding his pale, smooth asscheeks apart. Jake's bellow must have been heard clear cross the other side of the woods as that massive cock club started to bust his ass apart. It was the biggest, thickest cock that had ever attempted to take inside his ass and he was afraid that he had taken on a little too much this time. The big guy pulled out and then rammed back in again. Still Jake's ass protested so he repeated the process. On the seventh try Jake's ass allowed him passage into the silken depths of his being.

All the pain and discomfort Jake had felt earlier, not to mention the disappointment, vanished as that beautiful meat stick touched the parts of him that few could reach. The lining of his ass had taken on a life of its own as every single nerve was stimulated to fever pitch. The big guy moaned as he stroked away, his cock now totally enveloped by a very willing and warm ass. Jake's own cock had responded to his stroking and the pair had now found their rhythm. A small group of onlookers, attracted by the sound of two stags in rut, had gathered to watch the big butted older man plow his way to ecstasy in the younger stud's ass. One by one the onlookers shot their bolts, the sight before them being too hot to take.

The big guy could see the men gathered around and decided to play to the audience. Jake gasped as that thick man root was withdrawn from his ass so the crowd could get a glimpse of it. The were several gasps of admiration when the onlookers saw that thick, slick pole that had so recently been prodding Jake's assguts. The big man slapped Jake's pale ass, leaving a red welt across it. The sound echoed through the little clearing they were in and Jake pleaded for him to put his cock back in. Instead he slapped Jake's ass with his meaty cock, teasing him further by slipping the salami between his legs and under his balls and stroking away for a minute or two.

Jake was so fucking frustrated that he turned around and pushed the big guy down onto his back. He looked up in shock and awe and the onlookers gathered closer. Jake's intense horniness had given him the power of a man twice his size. There was a sigh, a moan, and an orgasmic groan as Jake impaled himself of that fat hog and started riding it to the pleasure dome. A good looking blonde man, unable to contain himself any longer, kneeled over the big guy's head and chest and took Jake's horny, bulging cock into his mouth. Jake's curved dick slid easily down his throat and the pleasure he already felt from riding up and down that big, beefy cock was intensified.

Jake pinched his nipples and sighed as he looked around him. More and more men had appeared, as if out of nowhere. Zippers were lowered, shorts were dropped, cocks fished out of boxers and scants. A bottle of lube was passed around and men coated their best friends from knob to base. The rhythmic sound of hands working up and down hard cocks filled the air. A small orgy was just beginning to one side. And for Jake it was time to bring this baby on home. 

From somewhere beneath his sucker's frame Jake could hear his fucker moan. His own cock was at the point where it was desperate for release. Each stroke into the sucker's wet mouth and deep throat was a little more intense than the last and he knew he was close. The big guy grabbed hold of Jake's hips and he gave one savage thrust up into Jake's guts as his beefy balls spewed their fuck sauce deep into the younger man. Jake's eyes glazed over and the world seemed to stop turning for a second as his own cock started to spurt blasting his red hot jizz down the hungry sucker's throat.

Totally spent Jake withdrew from the sucker's mouth and eased himself off that unforgettable cock. He gathered up his clothes and dressed slowly as he watched the orgy raging all around him. It was time to head home to a nice hot bath and pleasant memories that would keep him going all of the coming week.

END

Copyright 2005 Daniel Blue