 I'd recently met and begun dating a much younger woman that myself. The thing I liked almost immediately about Crystal was her open-mindedness, and obvious lack of inhibitions. Even her friends appeared to be an odd-mixture of people whom she'd introduced me to at one of their gatherings. Obviously several were gay, lesbian as well as a few who were definitely 'straight' so I didn't feel totally out of place as we spent the evening together. Surprisingly, I found I'd had a really good time, not at all feeling uncomfortable as I enjoyed a rather lengthy conversation with one of Crystal's very gay male friends.

The evening was just drawing to a close when she approached me. I'd seen her chatting and conversing with a couple of her gay friends she'd introduced me to earlier, saying "good-night" to them as I'd assumed before seeking me out to hopefully return back to her place for a night of wild passionate sex. At least I hoped that's what we'd end up doing, as I was surprisingly horny at this point even though there'd been nothing going on that evening to have provoked my excitement one way or the other.

"Guess what?" she said coming up to me.

"What?" I asked curiously.

"We've been invited to a 'Cock Fight', she said lowering her voice slightly.

"You're kidding me. Aren't those illegal?" I asked her seriously, stunned that she'd even be interested in watching a couple of roosters tearing into one another. Crystal laughed.

"Silly, not that kind of a Cock Fight! This is a different kind, I've been to a couple of them before, and trust me...they're actually pretty exciting and very erotic to watch!"

I still had no idea what the hell she was talking about. Looking back over her shoulder in the direction she'd just come from, I saw Danny the guy I'd actually been conversing with earlier smile and wave at us both.

"Yeah, I think Danny liked you. And believe me, he's fairly distrustful of most 'Straights', but since you came with me, and since you actually seemed to enjoy talking to him, he's invited us both to the next 'CF'," Crystal stated abbreviating the term. "And...he told me that 'The Swordsman' is the featured bout that evening. I've never actually seen him before, but I've certainly heard of him," she told me.

"The Swordsman?" I questioned, once again totally in the dark as to what she was referring to.

"It's all underground, by special invitation only," she once again whispered lowering her voice. Danny said we should get ours in the mail in a couple of days. So...wanna go?"

I had no idea what I was getting myself into, but as nothing I'd experienced or seen with Crystal yet had shocked or bothered me, I decided to go along. "Sure, why the hell not?" I told her.

I more or less let the subject drop until a couple of days later we got the invitation in the mail, along with instructions how to get there, and who to ask for when we did. When Crystal explained to me in a bit more detail as to what I might expect, I wasn't at all sure it was such a good idea after all.

"Oh sure Robert, the moment I even hint at the possibility of letting you participate in a threesome with Sharon and I, you're all for it. But the moment I say anything about being interested in seeing guys together, you're all squeamish and uptight all of a sudden. Tit for tat!" she told me.

Like I said, Crystal was perhaps the most uninhibited woman I'd ever known. She'd already shown and done things with me that I thought I'd never experience.

"If you don't want to go, say so. I'll call and invite Sharon to go with me instead. But I think you'd find it more interesting and enjoyable than you realize. And besides, as much as you get off seeing two women together, what makes you think its not ok for women to have the same desires?" she asked me. "Knowing that, knowing as horny as it makes me, I'd have thought you'd enjoy being the reciprocate of that."

She had a point there.

"I didn't say I wouldn't go..." I began lamely. "All I said was, I wasn't too sure how comfortable I'll be. Doesn't mean I won't go with you or find out for myself," I added.

"Ah huh," Crystal said. "Guess we'll see won't we?"

Two days later we were driving up a fairly secluded road into a rather ritzy looking neighborhood. "Wow, there's some damn expensive looking homes in here!" I remarked.

"Yeah, these CF's tend to draw a rather exclusive crowd too!" Crystal told me, "Though admittedly mostly gay, there are a few lesbian friends of mine who actually enjoy watching these," she stated almost cryptically. Crystal had made a point of not getting very specific as to what to expect. She wanted it to be a surprise for one thing, but she also didn't want me backing out at the last moment either. "Just keep an open mind about it," she'd told me. 

I was far from being repulsed at the notion of two men being together. It basically just wasn't "my thing" I'd informed her the first time she'd put in an x-rated movie that we'd watched together, with both bi-sexual men and women enjoying one another. Watching the movie had still been erotic, after all, there was something in it for everyone. But when Crystal had asked me if I'd ever been curious about being with a guy, perhaps in a situation like the one we'd just watched, I'd told her then that seeing it certainly didn't bother me, but it wasn't something I was personally interested in doing either.

A few minutes later we located the address where this particular event was being held. I was surprised to discover that there was actually valet parking for one thing, and for another, at the number of cars that were already there.

"Wow, there's a lot of people here!" I had to admit. 

"Yeah, when word got out about 'The Swordsman' being the main event, word spread pretty quickly. But even the two matches prior to that one promise to be really good too!" she said excitedly.

Once we'd shown the security at the door our invitation, we were ushered down the hallway, and then downstairs to where the event was actually being held. I was stunned to see a slightly raised platform with padded matting not unlike something one would see at a wrestling tournament, complete with rings on the padded flooring. Additionally, there were several rows of seating that had been arranged, completely encircling the entire wrestling area. A quick calculation told me that well over a hundred people or more would most likely be in attendance.

Even Crystal acknowledged that, telling me that the two she'd personally attended had been half this large.

We were quickly shown to our seats, and I was actually surprised to see that Danny would be sitting next to us.

"Glad you two could make it!" he said offering his hand. Danny chuckled, leaning over to speak to Crystal confidentially for a moment.

"Nope!" she said speaking aloud. "I didn't tell him much of anything. Thought it might make it more interesting that way," she responded to him. Danny laughed looking at me. "Hmm, I don't know if it will be more fun watching the bout, or watching Robert to see what he does," Danny quipped.

I could only smile back at him nervously, wondering what I had gotten myself into.

I sat quietly watching a number of people filing in, taking their seats. Admittedly, the room was mostly men, but there were a few women there as well, including a few straight couples by their appearances. Though as I'd learned while dating Crystal, everything wasn't as stereotypical as I'd grown up believing.

When nearly every seat in the house was taken except for perhaps a few "late comers" as Crystal noted, the house lights came down and a well-dressed announcer actually stepped into the padded wrestling area. And more like a boxing match, he then made a couple of general announcements before introducing the first bout of the evening. Off stage, a fairly tall blonde-haired blue-eyed guy in a light blue satin robe entered the ring first, introduced as 'Tiny Tim', though in truth, there was nothing tiny about the guy. Well built, certainly tall and magnificently proportioned, he stood expectantly near the referee while waiting for his opponent to be introduced. By the sound of the crowds cheer when he was, I could tell that he was obviously a local favorite. 

"And in this corner, weighing in at 185 pounds, is Gorgeous George!" The announcer spoke as a spotlight suddenly appeared escorting another well-built perfectly proportioned individual with long dark hair that he had pulled back into a ponytail.

After the introductions were made, both were sent to their opposite corners, where they immediately disrobed. I don't know what it was I was expecting to see actually, but when the robes came off, they both turned towards one another totally naked, and each sporting a rather proud looking, condom covered erection. Something that surprised me, as I obviously hadn't known what to expect.

"Crystal?" I leaned over whispering in her ear. She giggled.

"Shh, I'll try and explain things a little better to you after the match begins," she told me. "But I think you'll figure things out all by yourself after it starts," she added.

I actually found myself holding my breath, totally unaware of what was about to take place, or why everyone here seemed so absorbed in the two men who stood facing one another, pricks hard, firm, both men obviously aroused.

When the bell sounded, I actually jumped not anticipating anything. Like two prizefighters squaring off however, both men circled one another sizing one another up. Suddenly Gorgeous George lunged catching the slightly taller blonde off guard, I watched, along with everyone else as his hand sought out and took hold of the other man's prick. When he did, the ref raised his hand, one finger pointing up in the air. "That's a first cock-hold," Crystal announced, "worth a point." With a grace and elegance of an Olympic athlete, George continued holding onto the blonde's prick, obviously jerking it all the while moving back and forth, side to side in an effort to keep the other man from taking a hold of him. Finally, George actually did use his legs, tripping the other man and throwing him down onto the mat though he was forced to release his hold on the other man's prick when he did.

"Ah, release!" Danny observed. "Tim gets a half point for that one," he explained, his eyes glued to the bout taking place just a few short feet away from where we were sitting.

Just as quickly however, Tim spun himself out from beneath George who had made an attempt to re-establish his hold on the other man's cock. In so doing, I saw him actually manage to place his mouth about his prick, even though the contact was only brief. Almost immediately a buzzer sounded, and the ref's hand once again went into the air, only this time he held up three fingers.

"Wow! A three point suck down!" Crystal explained.

"A what?" I asked curiously, my eyes riveted on the contestants, though I was confused when the action had seemed to come to a standstill for some reason.

"Just watch, you'll catch on," Crystal invited me.

The ref now positioned George on his back, hands behind his head as Tim knelt beside him slightly at an angle. Once again a buzzer sounded. Expecting George to attempt some sort of escape or something, I watched instead as he patiently continued to lie there, though Tim was obviously working the guy's cock furiously with his mouth, though curiously I noticed neither hand was touching him at all.

"He's got thirty free seconds to get him closer to an orgasm," Crystal told me. Until the buzzer sounds again, he can only lie there while Tim sucks his dick!"

Thirty seconds later the buzzer sounded again. When it did, George rolled away, though spinning when he did, making a quick grab for Tim's prick in the process, though just missing it. Both men quickly stood up, once again circling one another, their intentions obvious. Tim lunged; George sidestepped him and actually jumped on the man's back forcing him down onto the padded mat.

"Ouch!" I heard myself saying. "That must have hurt!" Neither one appeared to be injured by the move however, and if anything, as George rode the other man to the ground, he purposely placed his prick upon the man's ass. Once again, the ref's hand shot up showing two fingers.

"An ass rub, worth two points," Crystal told me unnecessarily. As crazy as it was, I really was starting to understand the contest.

Lying on top of him, I saw George reach beneath the guy's stomach though he made several attempts to keep him from doing so. The ref was actually down on the mat keeping a close eye on things when he indicated another point as George found the man's prick, grasping it firmly. A buzzer sounded, and both men stood.

"Now George gets a 30 second jack-off," Danny explained to me.

Standing, George proceeded to masturbate the blonde's cock now being allowed to do so with both hands. I noticed that he included fondling the guy's balls simultaneously, and could tell by the look on the guy's face that he was weakening, as his expression was one of pure pleasure as George expertly fisted the guy's shaft.

The buzzer sounded once again. When it did, Tim lunged immediately for Georges cock even though he made some attempt to evade him. Latching onto it however, I expected the ref to score some sort of point, but he merely raised both closed fists into the air instead as the action continued.

"Cool! Free for all!" Crystal yelled out excitedly.

Once again I had to ask. "Free for all?"

"Yeah, you see George didn't have to release Tim's cock after the second cock-hold. All Tim could do was attempt a break-a-way for half a point, or go for a cock-hold himself. And even though it didn't score, they both now have an equal advantage. Now if either one of them loses hold, it will score three points!" 

"Oh, I see," I said already confused, but finding myself curiously interested all the same.

Now both men really did appear to be wrestling one another, first standing, then as they both fell to the mat, neither one releasing the prick of the other, jacking one another furiously.

"What happens if one of them actually comes?" I asked no one in particular. But it was Danny who answered, eyes riveted on the contest without turning to face me.

"Well then, its sort of like being pinned," he explained. An automatic winner if one of them can make the other one climax, regardless of how many points he's been awarded.

Ok, so that made sense, sort of. Both men were now rolling about on the mat, each one attempting to force the other to release him, though I realized without asking that neither one could use their hands in order to do so.

After several minutes of thrashing about on the mat together, bodies now sticky with sweat and perspiration, George flipped himself somehow causing Tim to release his cock, just managing to slip his mouth around the man's prick a second afterwards.

"Oh hell, it's almost over now. That's another suck-down, and this time it's for a full minute and a half, plus he gets to use his hands too!" Crystal told me. Even the crowd seemed to be aware of the sudden shift in power.

"Besides," Danny said in agreement. Everyone I've talked to has said that George can suck cock better than anyone. Though I've personally never had the pleasure...yet," he hesitated laughing.

As predicted, it was obvious that Tim was struggling while lying there on the mat, receiving an additional ten second penalty for squirming around too much in some attempt to lessen the pressure and pleasure on his prick while George continued milking him. Soon, even Tim realized he was finished and merely succumbed to the ecstasy, calling out his obvious loss with a deep groaned sigh of pleasure, filling his condom which moments later, George removed showing the liquid victory as he held it up for everyone in the audience to see.

"Well? So what did you think?" Crystal asked me.

"It was certainly interesting," I told her. "Nothing like I expected, that's for sure."

"See? It was exciting too wasn't it?"

It was different, I had to admit that. And in a strange way, I also had to admit it was a little erotic to see the two men in an obviously fair challenge competing with one another though the particular contest was certainly different than anything I could have possibly imagined.

The second match was interesting too. Though this one ended after the forty-five minute time limit, and the winner announced on points with neither one of them climaxing, much to the obvious dismay of the crowd. All in all, it had still been an interesting match though with both men involved in a suck-off free for all as opposed to the hand-job free for all we'd witnessed in the first bout, though that hadn't lasted nearly as long as one of the opponents had managed to buck off the other soon after they'd been placed in their '69' position together.

"Well Robert, you ready for the main event?" "You mean the sword guy?" I asked.

Once again Crystal laughed. "The Swordsman," she said correcting me. "And you'll see why they call him that too," she added.

At first, I was confused as to what was going on when the announcer actually introduced two guys who'd stepped into the ring, neither one of which was this Swordsman character.

"What's going on?" I asked.

"Well actually, he's taking the two of them on all by himself," Crystal told me. "Sometimes they do tag-team matches, just like in wrestling. Only tonight, The Swordsman challenged the two of them, as each one challenged him individually in the past, though he never accepted either challenge until recently, and then did so only if he could take the two of them on all by himself.

"Well that doesn't seem too fair," I honestly stated.

"Oh, they won't both be in the ring with him at the same time, they will still have to tag one another outside of the circle. But The Swordsman has said he'll defeat them both, and not just on points either!" she added almost lustfully.

One of the two men they called the "Jack Hammer", powerfully built in his own way, wasn't all that tall perhaps five foot nine, but he had arms the size of anvils. The other was introduced as the "Giant", who really was tall reaching nearly seven feet.

"Looks to me like this Sword guy's gonna have his hands full," I commented.

Crystal laughed. "Actually, once you see him you'll say just the opposite. I think these two are in for a BIG surprise," she quipped.

After the introductions were made for these two, the room immediately quieted, once again spotlights turned to follow the entrance of The Swordsman who entered the enormous chamber, slowly making his way towards the inner circle amongst a sudden roaring cheer from the crowd. 

With everyone standing, it was hard to get a good look at him until he entered the ring.

"Ladies and Gentlemen," the announcer began. "Weighing in at two hundred and ten pounds, 12 inches," the commentator paused for dramatic affect, drawing more than one gasp from amongst the spectators, "And the current undefeated Cock Fighting Champion...I give you, The Swordsman!"

With the formal introductions out of the way, The Swordsman allowed his robe to fall away from his shoulders where one of his entourage quickly took it away. Even I found myself holding my breath as I sat there staring at him. His dark ebony skin held a slick sheen that was obviously some sort of light body oil covering his entire body. But it served to highlight the definition and tone of his hard muscles. 

He was the poster-boy for every advertisement I had ever seen. "Buns of steel," immediately coming to mind as he stood initially with his back towards us. Thighs as thick and muscled as both of mine put together, not to mention arms as thick as tree-trunks as he held them above his head playing to the crowd. When he slowly turned, it wasn't the definition of his tight "six-pack" stomach however, but the monster-sized prick between his legs that indeed stood out stiff, long and almost threatening. Now I more fully understood the announcer's indirect mention of his enormous prick.
