 "What do you think of Greco-Roman wrestling?" Neville asked as he rubbed oil into his skin. 

"Pardon?" I replied with some confusion.

I had been admiring his naked body and how tanned it was as we lay in the sun in my backyard. Ever since meeting him we had been able to enjoy time together to tan and enjoy other things. He shaved now and I loved to see his cock erect and ready for my mouth to take it between my lips. Whenever I could I would oil his skin before we tanned and I made sure that I lathered oil on his skin around and on his cock. How I loved to feel his sack shrink about his balls and his cock rise as I excited him.

Still he enjoyed doing the same to my cock and he would be sure to kiss the tip before we settled under the sun. While we did this my wife and Neville's girlfriend Alyce enjoyed time to be girls they said. They had told us that they would be back until later in the evening.

My wife had been introduced to Neville as my gym buddy and she had casually said that he seemed to be a good influence on me since I had certainly improved with my firness. Neville always brought his girlfriend with him a young woman from work who he said was undemanding, both women didn't know about the affair we were having though every now and again my wife would say something that suggested that she knew something was going on between us.

Still if she did she also seemed to approve of him and seemed to like Alyce and never seemed to wonder what we did together when we were without them. 

"Greco-Roman wrestling when a man tries to pin the other man to a mat. Looking at you with that tan and oiled up made me think of it," Neville explained.

"Oh, why would you think of that?" I asked.

"Well I would love to wrestle you. Kinky isn't it but I want to pin you down and then suck your cock until you tell me you surrender," he laughed as he said this.

Thinking about it I realised that the thought of holding his body and making him submit to me was also arousing to me. In fact almost as arousing as the desire to jerk him off and lick up his cum as it squirted out of his cock. I felt my cock grow harder at the thought and I wanted to wrestle him and I knew that he wanted to do the same to me. We had time I knew since my wife and his girlfriend wasn't due back for hours.

"Okay but let's make this interesting whoever wins does whatever the winner wants as a submission," I said.

"Even if I want to fuck you in the ass?" he said.

That made me pause since I had never had an interest to have anal sex, just to enjoy mutual masturbation and oral. However the thought of this wrestling match was so arousing that I agreed to the situation and we stared to oil our bodies for the contest. It is fortunate that my backyard is very private and that we could use the soft grass as a wrestling mat.

"Okay the winner out of three bouts," I agreed.

Now we began to oil our bodies with the sun-tanning oil again so that it would make it more difficult to get a grip on each other's bodies. So instead of a light covering on our bodies we made a second skin that shone in the hot sun and also oiled our hair so that would glistening in our match. Setting the arena for our match we settled into the corners and looking at Neville made me wish that we had a camera since he looked magnificent.

His body seemed to shine a pale gold and his dark hair was a slick that as darker than I had ever seen it. His muscles were so well formed and seemed to stand out. I could understand how the Greeks could consider the gymnasium to be the place for the beautiful. Looking at his cock it seemed to be lit with flares of fire as the sun shone it Being framed by his bare flesh instead of the hair previously made him a living statue that could have been created by Phidias. It looked so magnificent that I wanted to kneel before him and take it deep into my mouth.

"You look so eatable and I want that cock but only after our match. Now the best out of three wins," Neville said as he slipped into a half squat and made his way towards me.

I wondered if he had done this thing before since he seemed to know what to do. I wasn't experienced at this but I was willing to try. I reached for him and found my hand slip off his oiled skin and then discover him behind me and his arms laced through mine and his hands behind my neck in a half nelson. I found myself being pressed to the grass as he slipped down along my body and pulled me so that my back and shoulders rested on the grass until a slow count of three finished and he released me after winning the first of our contests.

"This is going to be easy," he remarked with a big smile. 

All I could think of was how his cock had slid up and down my leg leaving his precum there. His words however did make me consider how I could at least beat him and then when we were ready we started. Instead of waiting for him I pounced on him and using my heavier build pressed him into the grass. It was difficult grasping his body as the oil made me slip all over his body. At one stage he was face down beneath me and my cock was rubbing between his ass-cheeks. I felt my cock grow hard with the feeling of his ass pressed against my body until with desperate will I was able to wrap my legs about his waist and swing him over my body so that his neck and shoulders rested against the grass. 

My count of three seemed to take forever but in the end I made it and I released Neville who rubbed his neck. He looked at me with a small smile and I could see that he would not be letting me use that trick again. So we now stood facing each other realising that this was our deciding match.

We circled each other ready for any opening until Neville leaped towards me. We tried to gain purchase using our hands to find a place to grip but our hands and arms slid off the heavily oiled skin. I felt his cock touch mine and I imagined both of them erect and crossed like swords trying to gain advantage in some tournament and as I imagined this he was able to throw me to the ground.

Taking advantage of my lack of concentration he pinned his body against mine and squatted over my chest as he tried to push my arms shoulders into the grass. As he did this I tried to throw him off and struggled with all my strength against his hold. He pushed forward and held his legs firmly pressed to my chest. I felt that unless I was able to find a solution to this hold in the end he would win. It was then that I noticed that his cock was almost next to my lips as he used his legs to push my body against grass. 

The sight of his cock next to my mouth and my desperation made me try something completely unexpected as I licked the head of his cock. 

He shuddered and his gripped relaxed slightly. Lifting my head I slipped the oiled head into my mouth allowing my tongue to run along the soft skin and his cock rose to full erection. As he became even more excited I felt the pressure from his legs ease and I was able to ease my arms from the trap he had created. He moaned as he began to pump his now fully erect cock into his mouth and taking hold of his thighs I parted them so I could move my body further between his legs.

Then in a smooth single move I pulled his body against mine and rested his shoulders on the grass. Kneeling with his legs draped over my shoulders and his tight butt against my chest I took his cock into my mouth. Using my tongue it hardened and I sucking it into my hungry mouth. As always he tasted of that mixture of salt and meat and this time with the trace of sweat and sun-tanning oil.

"Three," I gasped remembering our match before I took his cock into my mouth again as it pumped in and out.

I heard a chuckle and then felt his lips sucking my balls into his mouth while his fingers slid up and down the length of my cock. Then all I could concentrate on was sucking and licking at the cock in my mouth. All the time I stroked along the slippery oiled flesh that seemed so firm for me now. I felt his cock stab in and out of my mouth. I must say it was difficult to concentrate with what he was doing to my cock and every now and again he touched my ass-hole and it was exciting but I really didn't want him putting his cock in there.

I sucked on his cock intently allowing my tongue to run around the rim of his glans and massaged his balls gently with my fingers feeling them tight in their sac. I felt the familiar bucking of his hard flesh as he shot cum into my mouth. 

As he shot the liquid I gulped it down and to get even more of his bitter seed. Softening the cock slipped from my mouth and onto his shaved pubis. Then I felt his hand speed up as I released his body to slip to the grass. The touch of his hand forced my cock to grow ever more aroused until I came. I felt my cock drained of my my cum and I felt him release it and I moved from my position so that I could admire the pearls of cum over his chest.

Dipping my fingers into my cum I allowed him to lick each drop from them. As he did this I heard a slight gasp and turning my head saw my wife her hand under her skirt playing with her cunt looking at us lust in her eyes. Seeing me look at her one eyelid dipped and she winked at me.