 We lay naked on the beach enjoying the fell of the sun on our bodies. What was unusual was that with Neville and myself was my wife someone who had never before made any effort to come to the nude beach. She wasn't naked since she wore a thong but she was topless and her breasts had that shade of white that meant she had never exposed them before to the sun. After her discovery of us after the wrestling match she had not said anything but had taken Neville aside and had made sure that she had talked to him alone for a long time. 

They never discussed what they had talked about and Marree had always made sure that Neville was invited wherever we went yet I was very sure that had discussed what he meant to me. 

I did ask what she had talked about but she had laughed and said that I was enough for her and that she was glad that Neville could share the load. Her attitude seemed so confusing since she made sure that we had all the time we could want together alone and she continued to fuck me, in fact she wanted to fuck me even more. 

Another time I had tried to talk to her about what had happened but she had cut the conversation short saying she thought Neville fantastic and that she was satisfied that he was clean, she also said that she thought it was good that I had a good friend to share things with.

It had been after this that Neville had broken up with Alyce but he never told me any of the reasons other than to say that she was boring. Even so I knew Marree saw her and were quite good friends. I did think that maybe she was having an affair with her but she said if she were she would tell me since she knew that the thought of her having a lesbian affair would have made me even hornier.

In fact when she said after seeing our wrestling match and with us locked together and touching each other it had excited her more than she had imagined possible. This was after she had been fucked to exhaustion and I was asking about how she felt about my affair with Neville.

So when I had said that he wanted to go to the nude beach I had been very surprised that she had said that it was a great idea. I had been even more surprised when she had stripped down to the red thong she was now wearing and it must have shown on my face since she had laughed at my look. Settling on the towel she had oiled herself and got me to oil her back, legs and ass all things that always excite me when I touch them.

Naturally it was very noticeable to the other two though we were too far away from any other people for them to see what was happening. I gave a start as I felt Marree's hand wrap itself about my cock and slowly jerk it off only for her to stop.

"You know Neville I think that Paul needs some relaxing how about we give him a massage," she said lightly.

Neville quickly agreed and I was placed face down onto my towel my hard cock trying to dig into the sand. Neville quickly straddled my body and Marree took up a position close to my head, I felt the familiar splatter of oil on my back and shoulders. It was soon followed by hands that began to slide over my body rubbing the liquid deeply into my muscles. Marree bent over so that she could allow her nipples to trace patterns over my back while Neville massaged the top of my thighs and my ass with vigour always allowing the tips of his fingers to brush against to root of my cock and my ball sac which was tight with excitement. 

"That feeling good Honey," my wife purred into my ear knowing damned well that I was drilling for oil with my cock.

Then she gently nibbled at my lobes only to move away allowing her breasts to press against my back making me even harder. Then they were both off my body and made me turn over so that they quickly saw how hard my cock was. It was Neville who took my cock in his hands and Marree sat just above my head reaching over and while she placed a nipple from her breast so that my mouth was caressing her nipples and making them hard and excited.

"You should see Neville's cock Honey, it is so hard and it just stands out from his body. I bet it tastes great when you suck on it," she told me just as Neville poured oil over my straining cock and slowly rubbed it along the length of my cock.

I found it increasingly harder to stop myself from cuming as he stroked and teased me. He slipped a fingernail under my foreskin and stroked it along ridge of the head making me gasp with the pleasure but he always knew when to stop his torment and allow me to settle again before he would continue his sensual teasing of my cock. He had a willing helper in Marree who teased and touched my upper body. Again just before I was ready to cum he stopped and I felt more his movements than saw since Marree's breasts and hands stopped me from looking down my body.

I felt his hand hold my cock firmly and then there was the sensation of something pushing against the head of my cock. The sensation pushed against me firmly until I felt my cock slip through the tight ring of his ass-hole. He grunted as he allowed his ass to slide down my cock. It felt as though my cock was being held in a tight, hot tunnel and Marree settled back on her ass allowing me to see Neville straddling my hips and his cock hard and thrust out towards my chin like a hard fleshy spear. 

"He looks so hot doesn't he," Marree said. 

All the time he rose and then sat again on my cock rhythmically. While I thrust into him I enjoyed the tightness of his ass about my cock and the sight of him naked and a hard cock mere couple of feet from my face. It was just so erotic that I wanted to take it between my lips and make him cum. It was now that Marree moved to the side of us and took his cock in her hands and began to slowly masturbate him. He groaned as she pumped her hand along his hard flesh allowing her thumb to slip over the slit at the tip of his cock. Her other hand cradled his balls gently and rubbed along the small sliver of skin between ball-sac and ass. 

Later she would tell me that she could feel my cock beneath that skin and that it was so exciting to see my rod appear and disappear into Neville's ass.

"Cum for me, I want to see your cum all over Paul's chest," Marree intoned as though she was willing it to happen. 

Even as I was being excited to orgasm I was able to reach between Marree's legs pull aside the thong and slip a finger between her swollen, wet lips. Then I was pumping it in and out of her body. As we became even more excited we became faster. Neville's body would rock back and forward to a faster beat as I thrust harder into him. I pumped two fingers now into Marree's pulsing cunt and she gasped as she pumped Neville's cock even harder and breathed her words instead of saying them. 

"Oh yessss," Neville said as he came, the first of us to cum. 

Shot after shot of cum sprayed into the air to land on my chest and ran in little rivulets through the folds and hollows of my body. The sight of Marree pulling out each drop of cum from Neville made me grunt as I shot my load deep into his ass and I ground hard against the firmly rounded globes of his flesh. It was not long after this that I felt the contractions of her cunt muscles and felt the strong flow of juice as she came a sharp cry left her lips. 

For a short time we seemed to freeze in position as though we were in tableaux until Neville my cock deflating slipped out of his ass and finding a small towel wiped off the cum that was slipping from his bowels. Marree slipping off her thong and exposing all of her body now to the sun used the small amount of cloth in her hands to clean up the mess on my cock. 

Then arranging our towels we lay together and I felt Neville's lips on mine after which Marree took his place. Dazed we held each other. Neville in front of me our legs over each others and our cocks flaccid and satisfied resting against each others and Marree behind me her breasts pushed against my back. As we lay there enjoying just the fact we were together I heard her whisper to me.

"When we get home Paul your going to fuck me like you have never fucked me before and one day I want to see him fuck your virgin ass that would be so hot."