 This is indeed a true story but names have been changed to protect the not-so-innocent. A friend encouraged me to look back at my life and to recount how I came down to this particular point in life. So after more than 20 years of wonderful, secret passion, of pleasing older men and myself, I write the story.

*****

Chapter One: The Discovery

I was never a bad kid. I never got into trouble and I always tried my best to please my elders. I was an innocent kid. I didn't run after the girls and I was pretty damn shy. Still, I must say, I was a good looking kid. My complexion was fair, my hair thick and blonde, my eyes blue and my body a perfect specimen. I had no blemishes to speak of. My legs were long and shapely, for a boy, and when I wore thin shorts it was evident that I was packing heat. Although I thought myself every bit the young man, still there was a femininity about me that I myself didn't notice. I tell you all of this because older more mature daddy types did notice it. 

In any event, when I turned eighteen (I had already graduated high school), my parents let me go to work at a local national park near the river. It was a blast to work there. I met lots of nice people, both local and from far off. My parents trusted me so they allowed to stay in a house on the park's property. It was at the very edge of the park property and it afforded me great privacy.

I worked for a month or so and although I met lots of nice people, I met no girls I wanted to date. That didn't mean I didn't try. So, I worked and in the evenings I jogged around the park roads to stay in shape. I usually had the place to myself and that allowed me quiet time to think and keep my young body fit.

The fateful afternoon was an otherwise quiet and stifling hot afternoon. I was running and getting a nice sweat on. About a quarter mile from my house, I met another guy jogging. He was older (at the time he was 38) but in great physical shape. He was muscular and trim with a friendly, slightly cocky air about him. I didn't think much about him. He was just another guy jogging. We spoke and exchanged a few pleasantries and I continued with my run. 

The next afternoon, I was in my yard washing my car when he came running by again. The jogger ran into my yard and stood under a tree watching me. I spoke. 

"Nice seeing you again," I told him.

He smiled and replied, "I saw you yesterday and wanted to really make your acquaintance, so I'm here."

I laughed, "Yes, you are. Now what are we to do about that?"

He laughed, "You tell me. I'm Kirk, by the way."

"Glad to meet you officially Kirk. I'm Jamie," I informed him. 

And so it went for a while. Lots of small talk followed. Eventually we learned that we were both fairly lonely and didn't have anyone to hang out with. Now that I'm older, I'm pretty sure Kirk used the opportunity to begin the seduction act. At the time, I was totally clueless. I learned that he lived on a rather nice houseboat on the lake side of the dam at one of the larger marinas. 

In the next week or so, we met and ate dinner or lunch and really started to get to know one another. One Friday morning Kirk came by my workplace and basically asked me out on a date. 

His question went something like this, "I thought I would take you over to Alexander's tonight and then to a private party. What do you think?"

I was a little stunned and confused. Alexander's By The Dam was a fashionable and very expensive restaurant and private parties in that area on the river or the lake were very exclusive. 

I blushed before answering, "That would be nice. Are you sure?"

Kirk smiled and winked before replying, "Of course, I'm sure. It's a date!"

I was quite confused. Was I about to go on a date with a guy? He wasn't just a guy, he was a man, full grown, handsome and affluent. I was trying to make sense of it all but really couldn't.

Kirk picked me up that night. I wore khaki shorts and a golf shirt. It was hot so I wore as little possible. He wore loose fitting linen pants and a linen shirt half buttoned. He looked great and I told him so. 

He laughed and asked, "Nice enough to take home to Momma?"

I laughed nervously and said, "I don't know, I guess we'll see." I wasn't really sure what to make of all of it. 

Our dinner at Alexander's was nice and quiet in a dimly lit dining room with just a few other guests. Kirk spared no expense and was very attentive. Still, I didn't think of this as a date. I didn't consider myself gay. I was just enjoying a very nice dinner with a new friend. But the look in his eyes told me he saw it entirely different. He was out to conquer me and to make me something other than a buddy.

He drank a little wine but I had to confess that I couldn't. I wasn't old enough. Still Kirk talked his waiter friend into leaving two glasses with him. I had a couple of glasses and got to feeling a little looser. Our talk was nice and I found myself enjoying the "date" immensely.

Kirk was relaxed and full of himself, but in a good way. He paid and we drove up the river to a nice gated two-story brick home. 

"Whose house?" I asked Kirk.

He told me the home belonged to an old friend of his named Jim. This guy had worked with Kirk many years before and they had stayed in touch and remained friends. Kirk didn't tell me the nature of the party and I didn't ask. We got out the car and walked around the back of the house to the area of the swimming pool. A few people were splashing around and I could see pockets of people off in the dark shadows around the pool engaged in what looked like "making out." We quickly made out way into the back patio door. We walked toward the second floor staircase. I looked off to my right and saw a sight I'd never seen. A young guy my age was on all fours on a sturdy coffee table. One older man was behind him fucking him in the ass and another older man was feeding him a cock down his throat. It was 2 on 1. 

I looked at Kirk and he just smirked and I drew closer to him and held to his arm. We passed the kitchen and I saw a younger guy sitting on a counter top while an older man gave him a blowjob. Kirk led me upstairs. I was nervous now and so needed some affirmation. 

"Kirk," I asked, "what are we doing here?" 

He smiled reassuringly and replied, "Don't worry, we're just making an appearance for the sake of being polite to Jim."

We made our way down the darkened hallway and entered a bedroom. A couple was on the bed. They were both naked and the older man was rimming the younger man. Keep in mind I wasn't so sure what he was doing to the kid at that time. I learned these concepts later. That night at that moment, I was still very much a virgin. Completely. 

Out of concern, I looked to Kirk but he just shook his head and told me to sit on the sofa with him and relax. 

"We're just here for the show," he assured me. 

So we watched these two guys go at it. I began to get horny watching them. My cock began to grow and after a moment, I felt a hand rest on my crotch. I jumped. Kirk just smiled and squeezed my hardening cock a little harder. I let him. He reached over and took my small hand and moved it toward his own crotch. Through the loose linen I could tell he wasn't wearing any underwear and his growing cock was becoming stiff under the loose linen. I could actually only wrap my hand partially around his stiffening cock. 

In a moment, Kirk took me by the hand and whispered, "Come with me." 

He took me by the hand and let me further down the hallway to a much smaller bedroom. Once inside, he closed and locked the door. He led me to the bed and softly commanded me, "Take your clothes off and lie on your back."

I began to protest. I stuttered, "I'm not ready for this. I can't."

"It's okay," he tried to reassure me, "I'm just going to show you how a man's hands feel on your body...to show you how it feels to be jacked off by another man. That's all."

I quietly pulled my shorts and my shirt off. In the darkness I stood in my briefs and then peeled those off too. I lay back and closed my eyes. I felt these rough but gentle hands caress my naked body and travel it's lengths. Soon I could feel Kirk's strong hand gripping my thickening cock and stroke it. It felt good. I groaned and moaned and talked softly to Kirk.

"Oh...stroke it, baby," I told Kirk.

I continued, "Jack it...mmmmmm."

Suddenly, I felt a warm, soft, wet, almost velvety feeling on my cock. I quickly jerked my eyes open and my head up to see Kirk engulfing my cock in his mouth. For some reason, I didn't even put up a fight. I think that's when he knew he had won. He had successfully seduced me. 

Being a virgin, I didn't last long. He was so good at it and I soon moaned out loud and began spewing my load into Kirk's warm mouth. He never missed a beat. He swallowed my cum and licked my cock clean. He then pushed my legs upward and put his face directly in line with my ass. He leaned in, spread my cheeks and licked my hole. I gasped. This was something new too. I couldn't contain my excitement. My cock grew hard again...back to it's normal 8 thick inches.

"Oh god," I moaned. 

His tongue worked its magic.

I screamed, "Eat me, daddy, eat me!!"

This rim job went on for a while as I rolled my head back and forth on the pillow. Finally, Kirk moved between my legs and spit on his cock. I suddenly realized what was about to happen. I closed my legs. 

"No!" I cried. "Not here."

Kirk looked hurt and puzzled.

I explained, "I want to do it and tonight. Just not here in someone else's bed. I'm a virgin, all the way. I want my first to be in my bed. I need that. Please. Just in my bed...I'll do anything you tell me, just let me do it there."

He smiled and nodded. He pulled me up off the bed and kissed me forcefully on the mouth, his tongue invading my own mouth. We embraced and I was naked in his arms for the first time. 

We left Jim's party and drive silently back to my place. It was a short drive but odd. No one said anything much. Perhaps it was the anticipation. We just smiled at one another. I could feel a feeling developing. 

As soon as I unlocked the door and we were in the house, I jumped into Kirk's arms and wrapped my legs around his waist. He backed me up to the wall and we began to French kiss forcefully. We stayed this way a while. I was light and he was strong. He carried me into the bedroom and set me down. We continued to make out and undress one another. 

I had never sucked a cock before but I knew my time was about to arrive. I buried my face in Kirk's bare chest, his chest hair brushing against my cheek and my lips. I found his left nipple and put my mouth over it. I gently bit it. He quivered. I caressed his back with one hand and placed the other on his ass. I took my hand from his back and grabbed his hard cock through the linen pants. I stroked it slightly and licked his nipples. Then I sank to me knees for the first time...to worship a cock for the first time. 

My eyes were closed and I leaned my face into Kirk's crotch. I buried it in the soft linen. There was already a scent I'd never known, a musty scent of sex. I kept my eyes closed and I felt for the button of Kirk's trousers and began unbuttoning and unzipping his pants. I opened my eyes as his hard, vein popping meaty cock sprang free from its linen confines. 

His cock was a work of art. It was thick and muscular, like him. The shaft was a good ten inches and had two large bluish veins coursing down it. The head was pink and large but proportionate. His balls were like large eggs hanging loosely and clean shaven. His entire pubic area was carefully groomed. 

I ran my hand up and down the shaft of his cock. I looked up at Kirk impishly and smiled and looked back at his cock as I stroked it. I began to be mesmerized by its size, shape, it features, everything. Finally, I took the plunge. I closed my eyes and opened my mouth wide and began to soak Kirk's large cock in my wet mouth. I tried to fit as much as possible in my mouth without gagging but I could tell I was in for a chore. But I was catching on and I was addicted to the feel of this "thing" impaling my throat. Kirk gently grabbed my head and began forcing me to be throat fucked. My mouth watered and my spit hung in thick strings and ropes as I enjoyed my treat. 

I became obsessed with this man's dick. I sucked and slobbered and spit and licked. It was strange. I had lost all self control. I sucked his balls into my mouth and licked and kissed his balls constantly. 

In a while, Kirk pulled me up from my knees and told me to get on all fours on the edge of the bed. I did as commanded. He knelt behind me and began licking and rimming my ass. I moaned with ecstasy. His tongue worked expertly and found every nerve ending in my sphincter. I could feel his tongue invading me at times. I looked back at him as he wet his index finger. He slowly began to insert it into my ass. I gasped and he smiled and slowly pushed it and out. He alternately rimmed and fingered me. Then it was two fingers. Soon we were locked in a 69 position. My mouth found its meal with his cock and his tongue and fingers worked my hole. 

I felt so feminine lying naked being used by this strong gorgeous man. I felt like a teenage girl getting fucked for the first time. I liked that feeling. 

"I'm going to fuck you tonight, do you understand that?" Kirk whispered to me. I could only nod. 

My mouth remained opened, in awe and lust. I licked my lips and pulled Kirk up so I could be in his arms. He held me and kissed and licked my neck and ear. I reached between his legs and squeezed his hard cock and pulled on it and pushed back on it, stroking it.

I leaned up in his ear and whispered, "Please be gentle with me. Treat me like you would a sweet young girl. Don't make me hurt."

He licked my lips and forced his tongue into my mouth. Out tongues darted back and forth as our bodies thrashed in my own bed. I wanted it here and here it would happen. 

While we were still locked in a hot passionate embrace, Kirk leaned over the edge of the bed and reached into his linen pants and pulled out a small bottle of lubricating oil. He fumbled with it. 

"Let me help you," I said and took the vile from him as I lay beneath this god of a man. 

I opened it and squirted a liberal does of it in my hand and rubbed it up and down his shaft. I rubbed the excess into my own sphincter. I rubbed the rest on Kirk's balls and looked up at him and directly into his eyes. 

"No doggie style tonight," I began, "I want it like a woman gets it. I want to look into your eyes as you reach my deepest places. Okay?"

Kirk said nothing, he slowly began to run his cock head into my sphincter. He slowly rubbed and pushed. Rubbed and pushed. Soon I felt a slight intrusion as his cock head pushed past my sphincter and into my ass. I gasped at this first intrusion but as he went slowly deeper, pulling in and out to loosen my hole, I felt a burning sensation. I cried out but he just pushed his tongue into my mouth and kissed me. Finally, the burning subsided and I just felt full. 

Soon Kirk had a stride and I felt the slick gliding in and out of his cock as my internal muscles pushed this invader outwards. It felt so damn good as time passed. In and out. We kissed and nibbled at one another as we fucked. Finally, Kirk's face reddened, his jaw became firmly set and his eyes stared distantly past me. I felt his cock seem to swell even more. He grunted and began to moan loudly and then curse. 

"Fuuuuuck!! Holy living fuuuuuck!! he cried. 

The first wave of his gooey sperm shot into my ass and I could feel this strange wetness in me. 

Kirk's head thrashed side to side as his orgasm raged. 

"Shit! Baby. You're so fuuuucking hot!! Goddddd!" he screamed. 

I felt the fullness of his load as it splashed into the deepness of my barren hole. Slowly, his cock began to soften and it glided out of me and he lay on his back, spent and exhausted. 

I lay there on my back with a gaping asshole, Kirk's cum starting to seep out of me. It was amazing. I rolled over after a little rest and found a spot in Kirk's arms. It seemed right for some reason. 

That night we cuddled, kissed, fucked twice more and talked. This was the beginning of a wonderful love affair and the beginning of my Dad/Lad experience. That first night and that first experience seem as fresh now as it was back then, some 20 years ago. There are more chapters to this story including the morning after and I intend to tell them.