 My relationship with Kirk had been amazing. I craved every moment naked in his bed or taking him into mine. All summer I explored my new identity. I couldn't wait to leave work and run home. As soon as he walked in the door, I was on my knees. Every weekend I spent with him. He explored my body and I learned the many ways to please an older man. I learned that I could make other men very satisfied. Kirk's body became a learning experience. I learned how to make a man groan with pleasure and how to turn his mind toward me. I learned I could get anything just by pleasing this man. He was very kind to me. 

We spent many evenings on his boat down at the dock with the shades pulled. I would lay on my stomach and feel the hardness of his very chiseled body pressing against me as his cock slid in and out of me. I gave him every reason to be treat me kindly. And he did. He never took advantage of me. Only once did he ask me to do something more than please him. One late summer night just before I was to start back to school, he asked me to consider a three way with an old friend of his. 

I can't say I was enthusiastic at first but I wanted to please Kirk. So, I told him I would do whatever made him happy. 

That Friday night, he picked me up and we rode out to the marina. We boarded his houseboat and immediately I saw his friend. He was about 6 feet tall and very fit. It turned out he was the same age as Kirk and the two had know each other since college. 

"Jamie," Kirk began, "this is my old buddy Steve."

I smiled and extended my hand, "Hi, Steve, I'm Jamie."

Steve smiled and looked me over. He winked at Kirk and replied, "Well, Jamie, it's a pleasure to meet you."

I nodded and looked out toward the water. He was good looking, I'll say that. 

Steve spoke up again, "Kirk here tells me you two have gotten real close this summer."

I looked at Kirk not sure of how much had been shared. I smiled and replied, "Yeah, well, sometimes we get really close."

Steve laughed at that. 

After a little conversation, Kirk got the boat underway and we motored out into the lake about a half mile or so. There Kirk killed the engine and we sat on deck and talked. The conversation was light and not much seemed to be going to happen.

Finally, Kirk got up and excused himself. After he had gone below, Steve smiled at me and asked, "So, Jamie, are you Kirk's girl? He fuck you like a sweet girl?" With that, Steve laughed.

I looked away and blushed. In a way, it pissed me off. I don't know why. I looked back into Steve's eyes and flatly told him, "I please him, if that's what you're getting at." With that I got up and went below myself. 

When I entered the cabin, Kirk could tell I was aggravated. He walked over to me and took my arm. 

"You okay?" he asked.

I shook my head, "I guess. I'm not too fond of your buddy Steve though."

"He ragging you?" he asked.

I simply looked down and answered, "Yeah, he is."

Kirk said nothing. He took me in his arms and began to softly kiss me. I surrendered to him. We kissed for a few minutes and he moved his hands over my body. We moved into the cabin's bedroom and began to undress. He put me on my back on the fairly large bed and began to kiss my body. He moved down my body and finally took my stiff cock into his mouth. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the warm experienced mouth on my cock. 

After a little of this, Kirk drew off and rolled over and I moved down the bed and took his large cock into my mouth. I licked and slurped his shaft and stroked it as I sucked his balls. I looked up into his eyes occasionally and could tell he was thoroughly enjoying it. We eventually moved into a 69 position and I sucked Kirk as he rimmed me. I was enjoying myself so much, I simply forgot about Steve up top. 

After much foreplay, I turned to kiss Kirk and he held me a moment. He whispered into my ear, "You're so hot, baby. Get on your knees and give me you your ass."

I did as commanded. He knelt and continued to rim me for a moment. Finally, I felt Kirk's strong hands on my hips and felt that familiar pressure against my asshole. Slowly he pushed himself into me. I gave into his cock and felt lust fill my body. He was getting a good stride when I looked up and realized Steve was standing a few feet away stroking his own growing and stiffening cock. 

Steve walked up to the edge of the bed and pointed his cock my way. I looked back at Kirk and he smiled and nodded. Despite my initial dislike of Steve, I was so horny at that moment. I licked my lips and opened my mouth. Steve came up and put his hand on the back of my head and drew me closer. I swallowed his cock greedily. He moaned and began to guide my head into a steady rhythm. I was hungrily sucking Steve's cock and getting my ass plowed by Kirk. Steve was enjoying my mouth. My mouth was watering and my spit hung in ropes as he plunged in and out of my mouth. 

I enjoyed Steve's cock. It was rather large and beefy. He quietly talked me as I sucked. He stroked my face and my hair. He was rather gentle, which surprised me. I moaned and whimpered. I felt so feminine and so pretty at the thought of these two masculine men reaming my two warm willing holes. 

Kirk began to tense up and soon he was ready. He called out to me, "I'm going to cum!"

"In my mouth, Daddy," I begged him.

I turned as he stood on his knees and squeezed his cock. His cum hit me in my face and splattered my mouth and chin. I took as much in my mouth as possible. I reached toward Kirk and sucked his still hard cock into my mouth and sucked it as he continued to leak cum. He grew soft in my mouth and pulled his flaccid but still large cock from my mouth and sat back on his feet. 

At that point, I felt Steve's hands on my ass. He pulled me toward him and pushed his cock toward my still loose boi pussy. He pushed and in his cockhead went. Slowly Steve pushed his way into me. I was getting into it. I closed my eyes and raised my head. Steve was pushing hard and I wanted it. As he fucked me, Kirk got up and went into the tiny bathroom. He returned in a moment and stood in front of me and pushed his newly hardened cock into my mouth. 

I eagerly sucked Kirk as Steve plunged in and out of me. I looked up at Kirk and knew he was pleased with me for giving into this request. To be very honest, I was loving it. Both men were extremely sexy and I couldn't get enough. No one said anything. There was just a lot of grunting and moaning and groaning. After what seemed like an eternity, Steve seemed to swell inside of me and he yelled out that he was going to cum. He pulled out as his body went into orgasmic spasms and he shot a heavy load up my back. 

I kept Kirk in my mouth the entire time. Kirk ran one hand through my hair and rubbed the back of my neck. Finally, he grew tense again and grunted. From somewhere deep within him, another round of sweet cum came rushing forth and coated the back of my throat. I held him in my mouth until he stopped cumming. 

I pulled away and lay on my back. Both men moved down toward my cock and began taking turns stroking me. Then Kirk began to suck me and Steve reached up and play with my nipples. Then the two took turns sucking my cock. It was unbelievably hot. Finally, I couldn't take it anymore. I cried out and my young juices shot upward and both men lapped at it. As my cum landed on my smooth skin, each man took turns licking it off my body. 

As I lay spent like a rag doll on Kirk's bed, the two men put their clothes on and walked back up on the deck and I could hear them talking as if this hot three way had never occurred. 

I had never before experienced a threesome and it was very fulfilling. I knew the summer was coming to an end and I wondered what the future would hold as I went off to college. Either way, I still had a little bit of summertime left and I intended to use all of it pleasing Kirk, the man who had taught me to crave cock.