 My summer at the park and the river drew to an end and with it came two big changes. First, it was time for me to enter college and move away. Second, Kirk got a transfer to West Virginia, what seemed like a world away for me. 

That last week before we both went our separate ways was sad, bittersweet and absolutely amazing. We didn't want to be apart. I'll never forget the last night. We decided to eat a nice dinner on the boat. He grilled on the top deck and we sipped wine and ate an amazing meal. We were anchored out from the dock a good mile or more, away from everyone and everything. After the meal, we sat and talked. I think neither of us wanted it to end. 

I finally got up and walked over to Kirk and sat in his lap. He held me and we began to kiss. It was a very soft and passionate deep French kiss. Our tongues darted and searched desperately for each other. His firm experienced hands ran up the inside of my shirt and caressed my back and sides. I wrapped my arms around Kirk and held on tightly. I could feel the hardening stiffness of his growing cock through his cotton shorts. After a moment, he pulled my shirt over my head and threw it onto the deck. Kirk began to kiss and bite at my nipples and lick and kiss my chest. I threw my head back and held on. I leaned in and kissed his neck and bit at his ear lobe. 

Who knows if anyone was even near. We didn't notice. And we didn't care. Finally, I slid off Kirk's lap and kneeled on the deck in front of his chair. I looked up at him and purred to him, "I think someone needs some loving attention." Kirk smiled but said nothing. I reached up and pulled his shorts and briefs down to his ankles. He lifted his feet and I pulled them off and pitched them aside. 

I took firm hold on Kirk's thick cock and began to lick its underside. I licked the shaft up and down and spit on his cock head. I swirled my tongue around the head and engulfed it in my mouth. I slowly began pushing my mouth down as far as I could go. I soon set a rhythm and my head was bobbing up and down as Kirk groaned and pushed my head further down. I pulled off his cock and lifted the heavy shaft and began to lick and swallow his balls into my mouth, first the right and then the left. Kirk moaned and whispered, "Damn, baby, please suck me."

I continue to suck Kirk until my mouth was sore. My lips were stretched and my spit dripped onto my own chest. I finally stood up and pulled Kirk to his feet by his cock. I started toward the stairs and pulled Kirk behind me. He smiled and reached out and felt my ass. I jumped a little and giggled and he just squeezed a little tighter. 

We walked down into the cabin and I immediately finished stripping. Kirk pulled his shirt off and moved toward me. I sat down naked on the couch in the living room area and lay back. I pulled Kirk onto me. He kissed me and I reached behind him and pulled him by his ass tighter onto me. He was getting really horny and began to hump me. He finally began going down my body kissing, licking and nibbling all the way. Finally his head was between my legs and he immediately took my rock hard cock into his mouth. His wet mouth swallowed me until his nose was pressed against my pubic area. He kept my cock buried deep in his mouth and throat and held it there. He worked his tongue on the underside of my cock with tiny pulsating motions. 

His mouth was warm, wet and effective. I soon squirmed as I felt the juices inside me stirring. Soon I felt my legs tighten and my whole body shook. Finally I couldn't hold back any longer and I cried out. My cum shot out and Kirk never let up. He swallowed as he sucked. I was suddenly exhausted. My body went limp and he continued to suck on my very sensitive cock until it began to soften in his mouth. 

Kirk finally stood and pulled me to my feet. We walked into the bedroom and he stood at the foot of the bed. I dropped to my knees on the plush carpet and sucked his ever hard cock into my mouth. I immediately began to force his cock to the back of my throat. I held it there and impaled myself on it. I devoured him and pulled off and spit noisily and loudly and slurped and whispered nasty things to Kirk. 

"Oh, Daddy," I whispered.

He groaned and bit his lower lip. I look up at him with wide open eyes and a mouth stuffed full of dick. I raised his shaft and licked his heavy balls. I slurped at them and slapped his heavy cock against my warm cheek. I spit on his head and licked it and tongued the slit. His strong hands took my shoulders and held them in place as I worked on his cock. 

I pulled off, looked up in a sultry way and asked, "You like my slutty mouth on that cock, Daddy?"

Kirk took a deep and hissed, "Fuck yeah, baby. You're so fucking nasty."

We were past romantic. We were fucking. We were getting wet and filthy. Nasty. I was loving it. 

I wanted his cum then and there. I didn't want to wait. I continued to suck him. He didn't protest or change the plan. Soon he was picking up the pace and tightening his grip and soon his hand found the back of my head. 

I felt the precum seep out. His cock seemed to swell and his legs tightened and he began to cry out.

"Oh fuck......yes! Fuck damn yes!" he cried.

His warm sperm began to shoot from his cock and coated my mouth, tongue and throat. I swallowed all I could gulp down. Some gathered at the corners of my mouth and remained there while I stroked and sucked him. Finally, his grip loosened and I released his cock from my mouth. He staggered and fell upon the bed. 

I got onto the bed and sat next to him as he lay there. I stroked his abdomen with my finger tips very lightly. He moaned with pleasure and delight. I rubbed his pecks and slowly moved toward his flaccid cock. I slowly gripped it and began to masturbate Kirk. His cock began to stiffen. I leaned forward and downward and began to suck him again. We were soon locked in a 69 position. I was on top of Kirk and he was licking the flesh between my balls and my asshole, that very sensitive spot. I loved every minute of it. Soon he began to rim me lightly and lick me and wet my hole. Soon a finger found its way into my ass. Then another. Soon he was fingering me liberally and loosely. 

I moaned with pleasure. I whimpered, "Finger my pussy. Please let me have it." I was no longer the innocent youth of the early summer. I was an experienced lover and I talented bottom. I knew what it took to make a man turn to jelly at my touch. 

Soon I wanted it so bad, I could already feel it. I looked back at Kirk and begged him, "Fuck my pussy, Baby! Give it to your girl!"

Kirk rolled me over and got to his knees. I turned and began to suck him as I was on all fours. I wet his cock well and he told me to turn away from him. I did so and he took his place behind me. He pushed his hand against the small of my back and pushed my stomach lower as my ass moved higher. He positioned his cock head and began to push his way into me. 

I felt the thickness of his cock against the tightness of my sphincter. He was pushing his way into me quickly. I soon felt the tight fullness as my inner rectum walls pushed against the intrusion of his warm wet cock. I gave way. His thrusts were excitable and hard. He pushed and pushed, thrust forward sharply and buried himself inside me. His buildup was quick and he erupted again. This time he was completely spent. He lay on his back to rest. 

I found my place between his thighs and sucked on his flaccid cock. He stroked my back as I played with his soft cock. Finally, Kirk pulled me up to him and kissed me. I curled up in his arms and thought to myself, "It's about over. Such a shame." 

In fact, he was gone the next week and I was on my way to the big city and to learn even more about life. My college days would bring even more adventures for me and new men to please.