 My summer with Kirk ended. He moved on and so did I. I moved to a large city and began college. My parents didn't like the idea of my living in a dorm so they made the decision to rent an apartment for me in an exclusive area of the city. Being a kid raised in a sheltered environment, they felt I needed to have my own place. Personally, I was happy as a clam about it. Having my own place would ensure certain privacy for me and my activities, no matter what they might be. Given my sexual preferences at that point, I didn't want a roommate around. 

I moved in just before classes started and when school began, I settled into my studies. I did well and, in fact, was soon bored with school. When things like that come easy to you, it's easy to have time on your hands. Soon within just a few weeks, I was bored out of my mind and horny. I hadn't met anyone yet and certainly hadn't been with anyone since Kirk. I kept myself in good shape, nice and smooth, still feminine in many respects in case I met someone that turned me on. 

In those days, the very early '90's, there still was no internet and so you had to meet people the old fashioned way, you went looking for them. In those days, places like the Y, the adult book stores, adult arcades and theaters, gay bars (for which I was still too young) and personal ads in the local newspapers were the only ways to meet someone interested in the same thing as you, unless you knew someone. So I began looking around. 

I was picky to be sure. I don't deny it. I seldom saw anyone I care for at any of the "usual" places. I spent weeks just cruising around. I got plenty of offers but I saw little that turned me on. Finally, one weekend I scanned the personals in the newspaper. There were several ads that caught my eye. A couple in particular were older wealthy men (or so the ads claimed) seeking young houseboys or sugar babies. So I decided to answer both. Each had a telephone number and so I called. What the hell! 

The first ad was placed by a guy across town in one of the older sections of town that was really affluent but had gone to seed to some degree. However, there were still older people there with money, so I thought it was worth a shot. I called the gentleman and he was very friendly over the phone. He invited me over that afternoon. I took the directions and drove across town to meet him. 

When I arrived at the address, the house was very nice, up a long drive. It appeared well-kept and I felt okay about it. I got out and went to the door. After ringing the doorbell, it took a moment but the door quickly opened. The gentleman was older, probably in his late 40's, and quite handsome for his age. Keep in mind that at that young age, I thought of late 40's as being really old. 

He smiled and spoke, "Hi, there. I'm Jim. Come on in."

I walked in and looked around the foyer. The place appeared clean from what I could see and was well-decorated. Jim shook my hand and I introduced myself. 

"Hey, I'm Jamie," I informed him. 

"Well, Jamie, I'm glad to meet you. I'm also glad you answered my ad."

I smiled at him, but was very nervous. I couldn't believe what I was doing. And then I thought, I really wasn't doing anything yet. Just meeting someone. 

"I'm new in town and just was looking around for a friend here, I guess," I told Jim.

He smiled gently and laughed, "Well, you got one now!"

He invited into his den and offered me a seat. I sat down and tried to get comfortable. He took a chair across from me and leaned back.

We began to talk and tell each other about ourselves. I told him my story as it was so far and he told me about himself. He was divorced and had been for several years. He had children but they lived in another state. He had began messing around with guys after his divorce and really loved it, so he didn't bother getting involved with another woman. 

Finally, he got to the "meat" of the ad, pardon the pun. 

"So, Jamie," he began, "I'm looking for a young man who can satisfy my need for sex. I enjoy young guys and I like to be in control. I'm older but I still have plenty of energy. Make sense?"

"Oh, yeah, absolutely," I told him.

He smiled and continued, "And so I'm looking for a young guy to basically be a houseboy, someone to play with and to help around the place. I'll provide a place to stay, some spending money and you can be my private playmate, my own sex toy."

He smiled and winked. I looked around. The place was nice and I could use the extra money. But I never had thought of myself as being a whore and that's basically what we were talking about, wasn't it?

Finally Jim spoke up again, "So... what do you think, young man?"

I stammered just a bit, "Well, sir, I'd have to think about it."

Jim laughed and quickly said, "That's fine. No problem. Would you like a tour of the place?"

"Sure," I told him and he gave me a tour of his home.

The place was big and nice. It was certainly a place you could get accustomed to living in. His basement was basically a recreation center and he had a private bar, a beautiful study with mounted heads and rugs on the floor. He showed me upstairs and gave me a tour of the master bedroom suite. It was amazing. The room itself was huge with a king size bed, warm colors, mood lighting and a master bathroom you could live in. I have to admit I was impressed. I also felt it was pure luck to meet this guy on the first outing. 

He smiled at me as I marveled at his bedroom. He noticed my amazement and spoke up, "You like this room?"

I nodded and gulped. The room itself was kind of turning me on. Weird!

He reached over just slightly and touched my ass. I was wearing shorts and his hand slightly brushed against the back of my leg just under my ass cheek. I jumped and looked at him. Jim only smiled.

Then he spoke up, "Has it been a while, son? It has for me."

I felt nervous as shit at that point but still turned on. He wasn't bad looking at all, just older than I was accustomed to. 

"Yeah, a few weeks anyway," I admitted. 

"Well, Jamie, we can fix that."

He moved in and put his hand on my ass and squeezed it firmly and reached his free hand out and rubbed my chest through my t-shirt. I simply stood there, very unsure. 

I stuttered, "I'm not so sure, Jim."

He smile and moved closer in to me, "Yes, you are, son. You came here for this, didn't you?"

I felt like I was falling into a trance. Probably because I was so horny and it was building up. Finally, I simply nodded in the affirmative. 

What was I doing, I thought. Sure, I wasn't the innocent kid that Kirk seduced a few months earlier but I wasn't this sophisticated. And yet here I was. 

Jim took my hand and moved it to his own crotch. I felt his hardness through his pants. He moved in and kissed me on my neck. I'm sucker for kissing and necking and it felt good. Plus he was very hygienic. That was evident. I leaned my head back as Jim took control of my body. I rubbed his cock through his pants as he felt up under my t-shirt and began to handle my body. I was growing hard myself and quickly. He finally kissed me on the mouth and hard, his tongue invading my mouth. I was quickly giving way to this stranger. 

He pulled away from me and began to fumble with my shorts. 

"Let's see what you have in there, young man," he said as he pulled my shorts down.

He got down on his knees and began to jack my hardening cock.

He smiled and looked up at me, "Yes, sir, son. That's a nice young cock you got there."

Finally after stroking it a moment, Jim took my cock into his mouth and began to expertly suck it. He was amazing. I was ready to cum in no time but he stopped and stood up. 

He smiled at me and informed me, "We don't want you shooting that yet, we've got all afternoon."

He took me by the hand and led me to the side of his bed. I followed obediently. 

"Take off all your clothes," he commanded me. And I did.

He undressed himself as well, completely. He was in great shape. Well-cut, muscled, not crazy hairy or anything, just normal but on the bearish side. And well-endowed. Better than I expected, a healthy thick eight inches. Nothing crazy but damn respectable. 

I moved toward him and pressed my own smooth, clean hairless body against his own rugged body. I took his cock in my hand for the first time and stroked it. It was steel hard and thick. It felt good in my hand as we kissed. Finally I fell to my knees. It didn't seem to me at that moment that I would find any more acceptable lover than Jim so I took advantage of it. I looked up at him and smiled and stuck my tongue out at him and winked. 

He smiled down at me and I took his cock into my mouth for the first time. I licked and sucked and slurped. It was nice and meaty. He placed his hand firmly on my shoulders and began to fuck my face. I was used to Kirk's large cock and so Jim was nothing I couldn't take. I shoved my mouth down on him hard and took Jim to the base of his pelvic area..to the root as they say. I held myself there breathing through my nose. Finally I pulled off and my spit was drenching his cock. 

Jim was loving it. He had his eyes closed and he could only moan and mumble a little here and there. 

I stroke his wet slippery cock and asked him, "Does Daddy like that? Is Daddy happy with his girl?" He was!

I returned my mouth to what it could do best. I engulfed his cock in my mouth and sucked and licked him. Finally, I stood up and leaned up and kissed Jim passionately. He cupped my ass in his hands. We made our way to his bed and I climbed onto it. He did as well and stood on his knees. I got on all fours and began to suck his cock again. As I sucked him, he reached over me and rubbed the small of my back and squeezed my ass from time to time. After a little while, Jim grabbed the back of my head and guided my head into a steady well-timed face fucking. I let his cock glide into and out of my mouth with a steady rhythm. 

Occasionally Jim's large beefy cock would slip from my mouth and I would reach up and lick his stomach. Then I would catch his cock in my mouth and continue my oral duties. 

Finally, Jim commended me to turn away from him but still on all fours. He kneeled behind me and began to rim my ass. It was amazing. He was an expert. He spread my cheeks apart and stuck his tongue directly in my asshole and began to work me over with a very experienced and firm tongue. He licked and probed. I loved it but wanted his cock again. 

"Oh, Daddy, please let me have your cock. You can't still have my pussy," I pleaded.

He spoke up, "Get on top of me, '69' it," he muttered.

He lay down on his back with his rigid cock protruding upward. I climbed on top of him and placed my knees on each side of his head. I resumed sucking and swallowing that god of cocks. He grabbed my ass cheeks with firm hands and continued to rimmed me from beneath. I sucked his balls and licked his cock until my mouth was sore and my lips were numb. He had began fingering my hole and was loosening me up. 

In a moment, I heard him speak to me from underneath me, "Are you comfortable with bareback, baby?"

I was comfortable with anything at that point. 

"Oh yeah, you okay, aren't you?" I asked breathily. His cock had robbed me of my breath.

He nodded and moaned a "yes".

He pushed me gently off and put me on my back. He told me to put my legs in the air. He got on top of me and began to spit on his cock and rubbed some in my already wet hole. In a moment, he reached over to his nightstand and opened a drawer. He pulled out a tube of lubrication. 

He smiled and declared, "The slicker, the better."

I only smiled and nodded, closing my eyes and dreaming lusty thoughts. 

I felt a slick, cold feeling on my asshole and he I soon felt his slippery cock head pushing in toward my sphincter area. Soon I felt a push, that familiar pressure and his cock invaded me. He was slick and the feeling was wonderful. It had been weeks for me and I was already addicted to dick. He pushed slowly but firmly and soon was all the way inside me. My internal muscles were pushing against his thick cock but I was accepting it willingly. Jim took hold of my legs and pulled them toward him as he fucked me harder and faster. His pace was almost frantic. 

He fucked me fast and furiously as his heavy balls slapped against me. After a moment, he had worked up a sweat and seemed almost to overheat. I looked up at him and his face was red and beads of sweat were building up on his forehead.

I whispered, "Let me ride you. You rest a minute."

He nodded, almost incoherently. He pulled out and lay back on his back. 

I straddled him and lowered myself down onto his cock, letting it impale him. I put my hands firmly on his hairy chest and began to ride him. His cock was in me up to the "hilt." I would just sometimes sit on it feeling its fullness in me all the way. I rode him slowly and methodically. His eyes were wide open and I kept my closed much of the time, biting my lower lip. 

He was no "minute man" and that pleased me. Finally, he asked me to get on my hands and knees. I did as he asked but took a moment to suck him before he continued. The feeling and the taste was strange. I tasted the strange combination of lube and my own ass, that weird but relatively clean taste. Why I did it, I don't know. I was so fucking horny, I would have done anything at that moment. After sucking Jim a second, I got on all four and buried my face in the pillows.

Jim took his place behind me and shoved his cock back into me. He began to set a rhythm and ducked me hard and furiously again. I felt his cock going in and out and I moaned and talked dirty to him.

"Does Daddy like his new girl? You like that pussy, Daddy?" I asked in such as way as to keep him hard. 

Finally, he began to tense up and he was fucking hard and fast. 

"Are you gonna cum, Mister?" I asked.

He growled, "Fuck yeah, baby!"

I whimpered and cried out, "Now?"

He didn't have to answer, his body told me.

I called out, " give it to me on my face, baby!"

He kept up his pace as his cock swelled and called out, "Here it comes!"

he pulled out and I quickly turned as he stroked his cock to completion. His thick swollen cock began to spurt as he growled. 

"Fuck yes!" he cried out.

The thick gooey sperm hit me square in the face, across my nose, cheek and all over my mouth. I opened my mouth and took as much as he could squirt. I closed my mouth around his cock and sucked him as he continued to curse and roar. 

Finally, he pulled himself from my mouth and sat back on his feet. I wiped the excess from my mouth with the back of my hand and licked my hand clean. I lay back on his bed and looked at him. He was still upright but completely spent. He sat there with his eyes closed for a moment. After a second, he opened them and looked at me as I lay there with a gaping asshole, a cum stained face and a swollen cock of my own.

He crawled over to me and stroked my cock as he kissed me. My own cock was itching to blow. He lay back on his back.

"Crawl on top of me and jack that baby," he commanded me.

I did just that. I straddled Jim and began to stroke my own cock. Finally, I felt it coming. I cried out and he took my cock in his hand and finished the job. I shot my load across his hairy chest. Jim continued to stroke my cock until it began to soften. I crawled off and licked my own cum off of his chest. I smiled and leaned down and kissed him hard. 

With that I stood up and walked toward the master bathroom. 

I looked back and smirked, "I'll be in the shower, Baby, if you want to get 'dirty' again,."

The man smiled and closed his eyes. I had found my new lover. I had found my Daddy! Who says starting over can't be fun? I was loving life in the big city.

Oh, and by the way, I never got around to that second ad.