 It was usually the same way. The room would still be dark. It was always early and quiet. Saturday mornings usually were. Jim would lay on his back and his flaccid cock would lie draped to one side. I would slip out of bed and go to the bathroom to freshen up. Then I would slip back between the cotton sheets and inch my way down to my sleeping lover's cock. I would gently pull at the soft but large dick and slowly feel it come to life in my soft hands. Then I would lean in and take Jim's cock into my mouth. I always sucked him and soaked him in my mouth until he slowly hardened. And soon he would begin to stir. His hand would find the back of my head and begin to start a rhythm. 

I would lick and quietly spit and suck Jim until his cock erupted forth with a thick prize for my throat. Then I would get up and retreat to the bathroom and started the shower. The steam would quickly heat the large bathroom and cloud the mirror and the glass shower doors. In a few minutes, the door would usually open and my lover would walk into the water with me. I would sink to my knees and feel the hot water hit me as I would take him into my mouth again. I usually suck him only a moment before he pulls me to my feet and puts me over the built-in shower seat. He will position himself behind me and begin to finger me. Soon the finger is replaced by his hard cock. A morning shower fuck is always a good start to the day. And this is how it usually starts on Saturday mornings. 

However, on this Saturday morning it didn't start that way. Jim was out of town on family business and, needless to say, the grown kids did not know about me. So I had to stay behind and keep the home fires aglow. I enjoyed my relationship with Jim. It was simple. He was older, hung and horny. I was young and craved the attention of an older adoring man. So... each weekend morning began the same, but that wasn't bad. 

Yet, this Saturday morning I awoke in a cold bed with no lover. I was lonely the night before and was so bored, I was going out of my mind. All I had to look forward to was the homecoming sex with Jim. This morning, Jim's yardman was coming over to work on the hedges and clean the pool. Still that held no promise. He was an older guy who was pretty wormy and very unattractive. So the sound of work going on outside at 10 that morning didn't arouse anything in me. 

I watched a little T.V. and took a shower and cleaned up with plans to go out later. I walked by the back patio door and got a surprise. The normal yard guy wasn't out there. He had a replacement. He was a well-built, muscled younger black man, lighter skinned but still black. He was wearing jeans and work boots but no shirt. That was a gift to anyone watching. I stood in front of the glass door and just stared for a while. He finally noticed me and smiled. 

I had never considered an attraction to a black guy before but, damn, here he was. I kept watching and finally felt a little flirty so I walked out on the patio toward the pool. He kept at his work and seemed to be ignoring me. And that seemed like it would be hard to do. I was wearing a tight pair of bikini briefs and a sheer cover, not normal wear for most young men. Very sissified. There was also the fact that the owner of the home was an older man. One had to wonder. 

I took in my morning surroundings and listened to the chirping of birds and the muffled noises of the neighborhood coming over the high backyard fences. The new yardman kept at his work, seemingly not distracted by my appearance or my presence. 

I finally spoke.

"Where's Mr. Billings?"

The black Adonis looked up. He seemed to study me for a moment as if he needed to determine in his own mind what was transpiring here. 

After a moment, he spoke.

"Oh, he's not feeling too good, so he asked me to take care of Mr. Jim's yard today."

I smiled. Well, now, that's a pleasant development.

"Well, I'm sorry he's feeling bad but glad you could come. Some things need attention around here this morning."

He smiled and kept at his work but his smile did tell me a little and so did he.

"I'm J.T. I help old man Billings out some. Nothing major"

I smiled. 

"Ah, okay. Well, J.T., I'm Jim's friend."

He grinned, "I kinda figured you might be. Everybody likes Mr. Jim. He's awfully nice to folks."

I sure did like Jim and he had been nice to me and I was folk. 

I studied J.T. a moment and stared at his crotch. I wasn't very convincing, I'm sure. 

The pool seemed like a good diversion and so I brought it up.

"Are you planning to vacuum the pool or do any work around it today?"

J.T. responded in a matter-of-fact way, "I'll check it. Might need some stuff done."

I could think of something needing done. My mouth, my ass...

I made my way over to a pool chair and removed my cover and lay back to catch some morning sun and watch J.T. He continued with the hedges near the pool and soon moved to the pool duties. He got the vacuum hose hooked up and removed his boots, socks and jeans. That left him in his own tight bikinis. I smiled and cleared my throat. 

"Uhh, J.T., you planning on doing something?"

He grinned and instinctively touched his bulging crotch. He hung his head sheepishly and smiled. 

"Well, lots of times, I have to get in the pool to get stuff out so I take my clothes off."

That seemed plausible. I was staring at his limp but apparently huge cock hidden behind the fabric of his briefs. He soon remarked something about getting in. Then he began to remove his underwear. I was amazed at the size of his cock. It was a work of art. 

He got in and walked toward the middle of the pool.

I called over to him, "Find anything interesting?"

He looked back at me and grinned, "Yeah. But not in the pool."

I bit my lower lip and squirmed. Jim would not be happy. But Jim wasn't here. I lightly caressed my own chest and nipples with my fingertips. I stared intently at J.T. I was getting erect myself. 

J.T. got out of the pool and dried off. I walked up to him, looked him directly in the eyes and wrapped my hand around his cock and squeezed it. J.T. only smiled. Safe move so far. I tugged at his thick meat. I finally took him by his ever hardening cock and commanded him to follow me. He did. We went inside and I led J.T. to a spare bedroom that Jim rarely ever used for even company. 

As we entered the room, I closed and locked the bedroom door. With one hand, I kept a firm grip on J.T.'s swollen cock. I reached up and he kissed me. Our mouths locked and our tongues danced inside one another's mouth. He was a superb kisser and his tongue was thick and strong. He probed the inside of my mouth and licked my lips with his long knowing tongue. 

His thick meaty cock grew harder and larger in my grip. I stood against him and rubbed his chest with my free hand. Finally, I broke away from our intense French kiss and I sank to my knees. It was indeed a beautiful cock, veiny, thick and heavy. I looked up at J.T. and threw my head back and grinned and licked my lips in a wet, slutty kind of way. I jerked my head back forward and cocked it one side. I wrapped my hand around his gorgeous cock and covered his head with my warm, wet and very eager mouth. I wanted to swallow it whole. It seemed so appealing. 

I sucked at the head and the end of the shaft at first. I stuck my tongue out and covered the base of his cock with it. I forced my head into a constant bobbing motion. I pulled off and spit frequently. I was producing a lot of spit. I licked his cock for its full length. I licked it up and down and then forced his head to the back of my throat. 

I quickly found a stride and was easily taking J.T.'s cock. He closed his eyes and smiled. He put his hand on the back of my head and steadily pushed my head down onto his cock. I looked up to watch him as I bobbed my mouth on his cock. I licked and spit and sucked. J.T., my new friend, moaned and talked to me in low tones.

"Ohhhh, baby, suck that cock."

I moaned and whimpered through muffled tones. 

I pulled away and licked his heavy balls. I lifted his heavy cock upwards and licked his balls and scrotum with a very wet tongue. He liked that. I spit on his cock and talked dirty to him. 

"You like that, baby? You like my slutty mouth on that fucking cock? Huh?"

"Oh yeah, sugar, I like it. Suck it!" he replied. 

I lay back on the guest bed and licked my finger and began to finger myself. J.T. got up on his knees on the bed and directed his swollen cock back towards my mouth as I fingered my own ass. I sucked J.T. and fingered myself. He would pull out and I would talk to him.

"You want my tight pussy, J.T.?"

I knew he did. I quickly fingered my ass with a slick finger and rubbed my sphincter area with two wet fingers. I was loosening up this morning. 

Finally, J.T. pulled out of my mouth and kneeled down and spit into my ass. He leaned in and began to rim me. I took his head in both hands and pushed his face into my wet, slick hole. He moaned in a muffled way and his expert tongue licked and probed my asshole. 

After a little ass eating, J.T. got even with me and leaned forward and pushed his cockhead between my ass cheeks. He put my legs over his shoulders, grabbed my ankles and pushed into me. I took him in quickly and felt full. He began to push into and out of me with ease. It felt so good to have a cock in me. I bit my lip and moaned. I loved it. J.T. was older than me, in his thirties but early thirties. He had done this before, he must have. I was sure of it. 

He quickly fucked me and talked to me softly and nasty. 

"J.T. getting that boi pussy..."

Yes, he was. 

He slammed his cock into and out of me with rapidity. His balls slapped my ass cheeks and his cock was firmly inside me. I was basically balanced on my back being ridden. He rocked me back and forth. He was working up a slight tremble and a bit of a sweat. You could smell the sex in the small room. 

Finally, J.T. pulled out and lay back on his back. His chest was already covered in perspiration and he lay there and grabbed his cock to keep it pointing upwards. I straddled him and took hold of his slick cock and held it erect and faced him as I lowered myself onto it. I slowly began to ride J.T. I put my hands out and took hold of his shoulders. He was so swollen and his cock glided into and out of me. He eyed me intently. I looked down at him. He was gritting his pretty white teeth. 

I wanted to provoke him. I talked nasty to him. 

"You like that tight boi pussy? Huh... you like fucking Daddy's whore, huh? Ummm...yeah, you know you like it, fucking yardman! Better than you'll ever get again!"

Oh, it was hot!

He growled back...

"Shut up, you fucking whore! Just ride my cock, bitch!"

I did ride it. I felt so much like a bitch slut. Jim was good for gentle and sweet sex but I needed hot slutty sex this morning. I needed something only this young black prince could give me.

I dismounted for a moment and got on my knees. I turned enough to take J.T.'s cock back into my mouth. I tasted myself on him. I spit on his cock and kept it nice and slick. 

After a few minutes, J.T. got up on his own knees and began to doggie style fuck me. I was wet and his cock was hard and slippery. He found his stride and slapped my ass as he fucked me from behind. He mumbled dirty little things to me. He called me nasty little names. I licked my lips and bit my lower lip in a sexy way and looked back at him with helpless eyes.

J.T. occasionally pulled out and slapped my ass cheeks with his wet heavy cock. He slapped my ass hard with his hand and shove that meaty dick back into me. 

"Fucking slut!" he called out. 

"Oh, baby, fuck me! Give it to me!" I screamed. Black cock was addictive after all. J.T.'s heavy balls slapped against me. The sound turned me on all the more. 

Soon, I felt a familiar feeling, that of a cock swelling inside me. J.T. began to roar and he pulled out and I turned in time to catch his full load shoot onto my face. I felt the slimy feel of his cum hit my mouth and nose. I opened my wet mouth and took some in my mouth directly and swallowed. His cock spurted as I took him in my mouth and drained him. He grew soft in my mouth and pulled away. 

He stood on his knees on the bed for a moment. Then he got up and walked out toward the patio. He looked back and smiled.

"I better get back to vacuuming that pool. It might get hot soon and I might want to get wet."

He winked and went out. I lay there with his cum on my face and my ass stretched. I liked it. 

I thought to myself, "I really need to talk to Jim about getting more help for Mr. Billings. J.T. seems like a nice guy to help out occasionally."