 Jim never learned about J.T. If he did, he never let on. Still I think he suspected something. After all, your demeanor changes when you are cheating on your lover. Experienced lovers pick up on it. I am sure Jim did as well but he never said anything. I think he understood my need for sex, especially at my age and as I was still learning the world of sex and exploring my own sexual nature. 

I continued to play with J.T. as time and opportunity presented itself. But I found a new friend as well. After my experiences with J.T., my tastes were changing to some degree. I found the idea of having a black lover extremely tantalizing. J.T. gave me a taste for something I had never really considered and I liked it. 

So when I met Andre and learned he liked young white twinks instead of girls, I was very happy to get to know him better. I was eating lunch with a friend of mine at school one day. She was a black girl who was very pretty and I think she liked me but she didn't realize that my interest didn't lie with girls. However, we went a few places and I did enjoy her company. 

One night we went bar hopping and we ran into her friend, Andre. He was tall, more than six feet, and very well built. He worked out prodigiously and it showed. His head was clean shaven and he had full thick lips. I found immediately appealing. She introduced us and we all visited for a while when my friend excused herself to use the ladies room. 

After she had walked away, Andre immediately addressed me.

"You're not really interested in her, are you?" he asked.

I smiled and looked off in the distance.

"What makes you think that?" I asked the handsome black man. 

He smiled, "I've been around a little, Jamie. I know your look."

I gazed at Andre. 

"What look?"

He laughed.

"The look you give me. That I want to suck your cock look."

I was taking a chance.

"You sure you didn't mistake my looks? I might be giving you the 'I want your cock up my ass' look."

Andre smiled broadly. 

He grinned at me, "Why don't we both make good excuses for getting out of here. You carry her home and head back to my apartment. Sound like a plan?"

It certainly did.

So, I carried her home and made my way toward downtown where Andre lived. I was horny the instant I saw him and knew I wanted him to take me. He lived at some upscale apartment in the part of the city that was undergoing renewal. I knew the area pretty well and had no trouble getting to his place. 

I bounded up the stairs to his door. I knocked anticipating what lay in store for me behind his front door. Andre answered the door still dressed in the clothes he wore to the bar. He showed me to his living room and asked me to wait while he freshened up. I was anxious. He talked to me from his bathroom. I answered and made small talk while waiting on him to emerge from the bathroom. When he emerged, he was totally naked. He was an amazing specimen. Tall and muscular with not a spot of fat or a single hair on his body. 

He walked toward me smiling. His cock was long and thick, almost muscular. It swung between his legs and was strong. Still not fully erect and swinging back and forth slapping his own thighs, it was easily eight inches. Heaven only knew how long it could grow to once aroused. I smiled and shifted in my seat on the couch. Andre grabbed his cock and looked at me.

"Now, baby, this is what you were thinking about back there at that bar."

I smiled and licked my upper lip.

"Oh yeah, I was. I guess you caught me."

Andre grinned and walked up to me and put out his hand on my shoulder. I reached up and took hold of his cock and examined it. I shifted it from side to side trying to imagine its full length and thickness. Andre laughed.

"You trying to figure out how you gonna take all that, baby?"

I leaned in and put my mouth around the head and began to suck it. He put his hand on the back of my head and closed his eyes. 

I began to take Andre's cock a little deeper into my mouth. He moaned and sighed. I licked his cock and spit on it to make it a little more slippery. It was quickly growing. Soon it expanded to more than ten full inches. I licked and slurped and gave Andre the best blowjob I possibly could. I made little noises and held him in my mouth and throat. 

He moved his head from side to side keeping his eyes closed all the while. 

"Oh, shit! Suck it, baby!"

I did. I would release it from time to time and lick the length of his shaft. I kissed and tongued the head and would raise the heavy cock occasionally to suck his clean shaven nut sack. 

"Ohhh, suck that cock, slut!" he would occasionally call out.

I did with joy. 

"Baby, eat my meat. Fuck! Suck it!"

My mouth became sore sucking my newest lover. I pulled back and smiled.

"My mouth is numb. I need a rest."

He grinned, "You need a fucking!"

I did not disagree. Andre helped me to my feet and led me into his bedroom. It lit only by a lamp at the side of the bed. He lay on his back and commanded me to suck him. I did so despite my numb lips and sore jaw muscles. I was growing hard myself and occasionally stroked my own cock while sucking Andre's swollen cock. 

"Let me see that ass," I heard him say.

I turned myself so that he could have access to my ass and I could still suck him. We were soon locked in a 69 position. Andre held firmly to my ass and proceeded to lick my asshole and tongue me. I continued to suck and swallow his huge cock. I loved the feeling of his thick lips and strong tongue on my ass. He seemed a natural at it. I occasionally drew off his cock and looked backwards at him. 

Andre pushed me off of him after a while and pinned me to the mattress. On top of me, he ground his pelvis into mine and forcefully kissed me on my mouth. His thick strong lips were wet and tasty and his strong muscular tongue invaded my mouth. He searched for my tongue and found it. The two tongues danced with one another. He reached down and groped for my cock and found it. He stroked me as he continued to kiss me. My cock was ripe. I was so fucking horny at this point. 

Andre continued to kiss and grope me for a few minutes. Then he raised up and looked at me.

"You ready to make love to me, boy?"

I nodded, ""Yeah, baby. I'm ready. I want you. Now."

He smiled down at me. 

"You gonna be Andre's girl now. Understand?"

I nodded. I wanted it. I could almost feel it already invading me. I couldn't wait. 

"Yes, sir. I understand. Please. I want it," I gasped, very short of breath. 

"Get on your knees, boy."

I did. He leaned in and licked my asshole and wet it good with his mouth and tongue. It felt so damn good. 

He slid his middle finger into me and fingered me for a moment. He stroked his cock with his free hand. He reached over to his nightstand and took a small tube of lubrication from the top drawer. He pulled his finger out of me and opened the tube and squirted a little onto his cock and began to lube up his cock. His slick fingers rubbed the outside of asshole, between my ass cheeks. I felt two fingers enter me. They made their way up my love canal. I gasped and moaned. My tongue rolled around licked my lips fully and wet them liberally. 

Finally, Andre put one hand on my right hip and directed his cock into the entrance to my ass with the other hand. I felt the pressure and then my experienced sphincter gave way. Soon his fully erect cock was gauging the depths of my well-traveled ass. Still, his thickness and girth made me feel full. I felt my asshole stretch and I enjoyed feeling Andre so deep inside of me. He pushed deeper and harder and pushed until I could feel his pelvis resting against my ass cheeks. His nut sack slapped noisily against me. 

I moaned and talked to him in low guttural tones. 

"Oh, fuck, baby! Fuck me, Daddy! I need it!"

He grunted and fucked me harder. His cock was so swollen and long. I could feel him deep inside me. He squeezed my ass cheeks from time to time as he plunged in and out of me. My knees were deeply imbedded in the mattress beneath me. I hung my head from time to time only to feel Andre's hand come around my mouth as to silence me and them feel him pulled my head backwards. 

He pulled out and drew a long breath. 

"Turn over and get on your back, sweet."

I did. I lay back on my back and spread my legs from my Nubian lover. 

He found his place between them and shoved his slick hard cock up inside me. I gasped when he first entered me so forcefully and reached up and grabbed him around the neck and muzzled my mouth on his neck. I tasted his soft skin and licked his earlobe and whispered to him.

"Oh, baby. You're so fucking hot. Give me that cock, baby."

He grunted and pushed deeper. I held him between my legs and he buried himself there. I looked to the side and caught a glimpse of the two of us in his wall mirror. The sight was striking. My small pale white body with this very black muscular stallion between legs breeding me. His body glistened with perspiration. I watched the images in the mirror while we fucked. He was hard at work while I simply lay there entranced by the scene playing out before my very eyes. He occasionally came up from his sweaty work and forcefully French kissed me on the lips. 

He pumped and pumped. I felt him tensing up. He looked and his eyes seemed to roll back in his head. He growled and grunted. His legs were tight. 

"I'm gonna cum! Fuck, I gonna cum!"

I grabbed his hard ass and pulled him into me even more. He pumped ferociously and soon his swollen cock began to erupt somewhere deep inside of me. I felt the surge of warm oozing sperm filling me. He roared and yelled.

"Oh, fuck! Yes! Oh shit!"

He buried himself in me as he pumped his seed deep inside me. I wrapped my legs tightly around Andre and spread my ass as wide as I could to take all of him. He collapsed wet with sweat on my chest and lay there mumbling for a moment. I felt his cock in me wet with his juices. Slowly he began to pull out of me inch by inch. Small amounts of gooey sperm seeped out of me as Andre slowly pulled his long cock out of me. He seemed very unsteady and shaky. 

He rolled over onto his back and seemed to convulse. I lay there with my ass stretched to its limits and his cum oozing out of me. I reached over and stroked his slick cock. He seemed to come alive again. He touched me.

In a breathless voice, he commanded me, "Mount me."

I straddled him and held his stiffening cock still so I could lower myself onto him. His cum made for a good lube. I slowly began to ride him and stroke my own cock. I was loose and the cock ride was slick and fast. He talked me as I stroked my cock.

"Jack that thing, baby. Give your new daddy a little squirt!"

I was so fucking horny. This strong black man made me weak and so ready to take a fucking. I wanted him so badly. I rode him and soon felt my own cock swelling. 

I cried out.

"Oh, yes! Here it comes. Oh, fuck!"

My juices came squirting out of my spurting cock and hit Andre on his tight abdomen and spread up his chest almost to his neck. The eggshell colored cum was a stark contrast on his glimmering black skin. I was spent but he was still fucking. His cock was sensitive however and he didn't last long. Soon his cock began to erupt again. I felt the wetness again deep in my ass. 

He cursed out.

"Yes! Take it, mother fucker!"

I did. All of it, the second time too. 

I felt Andre grown a little soft and pulled myself off of him. Even soft, his cock was long and thick and it felt so good inching its way out of me. I lay back and smiled. Andre was completely spent. I inched down between his legs and sucked his sensitive cock into my mouth long enough to clean it off. I released his cock and made my way into his bathroom. 

I cleaned up with a quick shower. As I walked out to dress, he was getting into the shower. He came out shortly and kissed me. He smiled and went to let me out. 

"I think we need to make this a regular thing," he informed me. 

I smiled, "I agree, Andre, baby."

He kissed me again, a long, wet and deep French kiss. 

"Okay, this Wednesday morning. I get off on Wednesdays."

I smiled, "Now you can get off twice on Wednesdays." 

It was indeed a new chapter in my life as a cock lover.