 The sun shone on my naked back and buttocks as I enjoyed the fruits of a day away from my wife and work. I have always enjoyed the feel of the sun and wind against my naked skin. I also must say that I enjoyed also seeing the naked bodies or rather the attractive naked bodies both men and women. I am a lover of women but I have often wondered what it would be like to taste a man's cock. It had always been a fantasy of mine and I had always thought it would remain a fantasy.

My wife has never been a lover of sun-tanning and of being naked before other people. It was a disappointment to me but then she made up for it in other ways. So here I was, on the local nude beach on a long summer's day my wife at work and me on a rostered day off. Being a normal week day it was less busy than normal but it was filled with a mixture of shift workers, retirees and students. 

I was enjoying the feel of the sun on my admittedly flabby forty eight body and just enjoying a perv on the beauties about me as I hid behind my sunglasses and my book. They were mostly away from me except for a couple of students near me who were good to look at. She was a stunner, a brunette and her body had that toned, tanned and athletic look that just shouts health and sometimes sexiness. Her boyfriend also a brunette had a swimmers body that was a lovely shade of gold all over. 

They shaved something that I did though my wife kept a small trimmed triangle of hair just above her cunt lips. I love the look of a good looking shaved body, it is so sexy. She made me want to jerk off right there but when I looked at him I felt an intense attraction. My eyes devoured his body, I wanted to touch his cock which was of a good size about the same as mine and I'm seven inches and his ball sac which hung so freely.

I really felt a definite desire for the man and wanted to suck him off and have him suck me off. It was almost as if he had heard my thought because at that point he stopped and looked right at me. Of course I dropped my gaze and tried to read my book. Even so I felt frustrated and hot as I imagined taking his cock between my lips. I felt the normal stirrings in my cock as I became excited. Sighing deeply I turned over onto my stomach and tried to lose myself in my book again.

"Excuse me we were wondering if you would like to join us," a light tenor interrupted my trying to shut out the world. 

I looked up startled right at a gorgeous cock lightly tanned and dropping between a shaved ball sac. Looking further up I was looking into the face of the man whose cock I wanted to suck and he was asking me to join them. 

"Me?" I was sure I squeaked the response.

"Yes we thought you looked a bit lonely by yourself," he returned.

"Well I would love some company and thankyou for the invitation. I would love to accept," I was confused, why did they want an old guy like me with them.

Gathering my gear I joined Alyce and Mark as they introduced themselves. Close up they were even more attractive and they certainly made me look like the old man I was, even so they were very good company and we enjoyed being together. As we talked the sun rose into the air and the heat rose around us. 

"It is so hot, I'm going for a swim," Alice said as she stood up and ran over the hot sand. 

I watched her athletic butt move quickly over the sand.

"She's right of course, we need some cream. Here let me do your back," Mark said as he squeezed cream over my back. 

Soon I felt his firm but gentle hands kneading the cream into my skin and I felt that pleasant buzz of lethargy steal through my body. Soon he had completed my back and now he moved to my legs. Slowly I parted them so that my ball sac was easily reachable by Mark's hands. Yet even though they were easily there he refused to take them he instead massaged my thighs and began to massage my ass cheeks. 

I growled with desire as he played and teased me.

"Turn over," he whispered.

Gently I turned over exposing my erect cock. He watched it seeing the drip of precum on it's tip and touched it with his finger and lifted it to his lips. Looking at me he asked an unspoken question to which I nodded my agreement. There was a quick flicker of smile and he tipped an amount of cream into his hand and then took my cock into his hand. Slowly and gently he began to stroke the flesh up and down. While he did this I reached between his legs to take his semi-erect cock into my hand and I began to mirror his stroking.

He moved closer to me and we propped our bodies into semi-reclining positions so that we could play and pleasure each other. As I have said I was of the same length that he was but I was thicker than him. I watched his eyes seeing the lust that was in them and I felt his cock pulse faster as it grew harder and excited.

"Let me suck you off," I half asked and pleaded.

He smiled as he pumped his hand slowly on my cock and with another hand pulled my head to his cock. It seemed to fill my whole vision and smelt of a combination of cream and the musk of excited man-flesh. Opening my mouth I felt the tip touch my lips and then push between them. As he did this he continued to pump my cock this time trying to stop me from cuming too early. So it was five quick pumps and then a squeeze letting my cock remain hard but less in need.

Now his cock pushed into my mouth and I used my tongue to explore and massage that manly meat that he was feeding me. I used a hand to caress and gently squeeze his balls and he pushed a little more of his cock into my mouth. I did not want to deep throat him so I allowed his cock to strike my cheek instead and he pulled the flesh from my mouth only to drive it in again.

So we were there linked by our lusts and passion, his cock pumping in and out of my mouth slowly but insistently, my cock in his hand and being pumped so that I was so excited but unable to reach my orgasm. Imperceptibly it changed our movements faster and more demanding, we gasped with our needs and we tried to make the pleasure grow to its climax. 

Slowly and then with greater speed we lost what control we had and soon I felt his hand stroke and pull at my cock growling that he wanted me to cum as he pumped his cock in and out of my mouth. Then I felt my cock pulsing and shooting cum over my belly, each stroke pushed more cum from cock onto my tanned skin. 

As I finished cuming he came, bitter salty cum flooded my mouth and I sucked at his cock wildly, squeezing his balls to try and make him cum even more. I swallowed his cum, I did not even think about that, it seemed the right thing to do. Then it finished and as he softened he slipped out of my mouth and He released my cock. 

Coming out of our clinch I looked into Alyce's face, it was lust filled and she was sitting her legs spread as she massaged her cunt and clit with her fingers.

"God that was hot, either one of you want to lick my cunt I really need it," she panted.