 **This is the continuation of a previous story, Barnyard Boning. Feel free to read it here at literotica if you like, though it's not necessary to follow the plot of this story**

Dale lay in bed on a Friday morning, his cock hard between his legs. He couldn't stop thinking about a couple weeks ago, when he got fucked up the ass by his friend's dad and a farmhand after getting caught sucking his friend's dick in a barn on their property. They had left Dale naked, forcing him to dart back to his house totally nude. Now, with those visions of cock on his brain, Dale rolled onto his stomach, sliding two fingers into his mouth and pointing his ass in the air, fantasizing about taking their dicks once again.

As Dale reached down to stroke his cock, he heard a knock on his door and the knob turning. He rolled over, bunching sheets on top of his crotch to hide his erection. His mom entered.

"Hey sweetie, it's time to get up. Mr. Thompson said he could take you this weekend while your father and I are out of town."

"But mom," Dale whined. "I'm 19! You said it'd be fine if I stayed home alone." "I know sweetie, but your dad and I ran into him at the store and when I told him you'd be here all alone, he insisted that you should have some company—such a nice fellow."

"He's here now, so it's time to get up and get ready."

Dale's head swirled. The man whose cum he'd swallowed, who'd seen him bent over on a bale of a hay with his ass in the air, was here in his house with him and his mom. Dale stood up wearing only a pair of tight boxer briefs. His mom grabbed a backpack that was hanging from a chair and started filling it with clothes from his dresser.

"Mom, I can pack my own stuff!" Dale said, still trying to cover his erect penis.

"It's alright Dale," Chuck said, entering Dale's room with a grin. "Your mom's just helping you out."

Dale turned away from the door unable to make eye contact with the man who'd taken over him. His mom, who still rather babied him, was too focused on packing his backpack to notice anything awkward in Dale's reaction. 

As it sank in that Dale would spend the weekend with Mr. Thompson, his hard-on continued to rage, so he just stood there, feeling slightly humiliated, in his short boxer briefs. Dale peered over his shoulder, his eyes momentarily meeting Chuck's, who raised his eyebrows and moved his gaze down Dale's smooth backside. Almost involuntarily, Dale peaked out his bottom in an unconscious signal of willingness.

"Oh sweetie, put on some clothes," said Dale's mom, oblivious to the interaction going on right in front of her. She tossed him some shorts and a T-shirt.

"Alrighty Dale," Chuck said turning around. "I'll wait for you by the door."

Dale's mom quickly finished packing his backpack and handed it to him. "Now brush your teeth and wash your face, you don't want to keep Chuck waiting. It's very thoughtful of him to keep you company this weekend."

A few moments later, Dale kissed his mother on the cheek, and said goodbye. He felt in a daze. His erection still hadn't subsided, he could only conceal it by pressing it upward toward his belly. His stomach was in knots because he had no idea what the weekend had in store for him. He only knew he wasn't in control. He walked out of his house and climbed into Chuck's Ford F-150 and stared straight ahead with his backpack on his lap as Chuck climbed in and sat next to him.

"Bye, bye. Don't worry about your boy, we'll have a fun weekend!" Chuck yelled out the window to Dale's mom as he pulled out of the driveway. As they drove away Dale looked at Chuck just long enough to see his slight grin and him laugh silently to himself. He seemed completely calm and relaxed.

"So cupcake," Chuck said in a booming voice. "You thought about sucking my cock lately?"

"Mr. Thompson..." Dale whispered in embarrassment, staring down at his lap.

"Don't worry twinkle toes, your mommy's not here. She's not going to hear that her sweetie is a cock-sucking faggot."

Dale's face burned red and his eyes watered in embarrassment. Still, through it all, his stomach ached and his dick stayed hard.

"Now I want an answer boy, and if you lie, you're going to regret it," said Chuck his voice turning more serious. "Have you thought about sucking my cock?"

Dale's head was swimming. He wondered why Chuck was doing this to him.

" ... yes ..." he whispered meekly.

"What was that boy? I couldn't hear you."

"Yes," Dale repeated more loudly.

"Yes, what?" 

"Yes, sir, I've thought about sucking your cock."

"You want it, right? You want to suck me like you're my little bitch, don't you?"

"Yes, I want to suck you like I'm your little bitch."

"Well, then. Be a good boy. Do you what I say, when I say, and I just might let you," Chuck said, quite pleased with himself for getting Dale to admit his desire. They rode the rest of the way to Chuck's property, a large ranch house surrounded by a farm, in silence.

When they got to the house, Dale looked around a bit for Chuck's son Phil. Phil and Dale were about the same age and had hung out when they were kids, but as they got older Phil, who was strong and athletic, grew tired of Dale who was weaker and more effeminate. They only hung out after Phil discovered that Dale would discreetly his suck his cock upon demand. And with few girls around the farm, Phil discovered an occasional blowjob made the company of "such a little pussy"—which is what Phil usually called Dale behind his back and a couple of times to his face—worthwhile. 

Finally, Dale mustered up the courage to ask Chuck where Phil was. 

"So is Phil going to be around this weekend?" Dale asked wistfully. 

"Oh no," Chuck replied, relishing Dale's disappointment. Chuck knew Dale was hung up on Phil even though his son treated him like shit and called him a pussy every chance he got.

"I walked in on him fucking his girlfriend doggy style the other day. I let him be though. I was actually proud, it's good to know your son is a real man."

"Whatever Mr. Thompson," Dale said, trying to salvage a bit of dignity while realizing he was going to lose the battle. "Where should I put my stuff?"

"Oh those clothes your mommy packed for you? You won't be needing them. I got you a present. There's a bag of clothes in the bathroom. Go get yourself nice and cleaned up, put those clothes and come on back out here."

"What? What are you talking about? I'm not just going to put on whatever clothes you're talking about."

"Look boy" Chuck said sternly. "I get that you're trying to put up a little fight and act like you're not going to do every single thing I say, but cut the bullshit. Now clean and put on the fucking clothes and I might let you lick the tip of my cock. Alright?"

Dale acquiesced and walked to the bathroom. He found the bag and looked inside where he found a small red T-shirt, jean shorts that were cut so short his ass would poke out the bottom and a black thong. He then looked at the mirror and saw a note that read "get your ass and balls smooth bitch!" next a razor and shaving cream. Dale could hardly believe his eyes, but even more shocking, he found himself wanting to do everything Chuck said. He wanted to do whatever he could to please this man.

Chuck grabbed his laptop, then sat down in his living room and started sending off emails. He heard the shower running in the bathroom and knew Dale would do exactly as he was told. He grew excited as he began planning the weekend.

A bit later, after Dale had washed himself in the shower, and shaved the hair from his ass, legs and crotch, he walked pensively into Chuck's living room. Dale felt embarrassed and sexy at the same time. He felt humiliated and completely at the whim of another man. Chuck laughed to himself when he saw Dale, his legs completely smooth, wearing short shorts and the tiny T-shirt. Chuck could hardly believe it himself. He had known the boy would succumb to his demands, but he hadn't realized it would be so easy to will the boy into a pliable cock servant.

"Get down all on fours and crawl over here, you little bitch," Chuck ordered. "You don't deserve to stand dressed like that."

Dale complied, dropping to his knees and crawling over to Chuck. He looked up at him with puppy dog eyes.

"You really are a weakling, not even close to a real man, you know that? You're a little pussy who'd be nothing without someone like me," Chuck said as Dale crawled toward him on the soft shag carpeting. Chuck set his computer aside and pushed away a coffee table that sat in front of him with his foot.

"Crawl in front of me, turn around, stick your face in the floor and show me that ass," Chuck ordered. Dale did as he was told. Chuck looked at Dale's ass, as it peaked out of the shorts. He reached forward and caressed the smooth skin forcing his fingers up into the shorts as he cupped Dale's ass cheek. Dale pushed his back into Chuck's strong grip.

"Shake it. Bounce it up and down."

Dale arched his back and jiggled his hips as best he could. After a couple tries he was able to get a good enough shake for Chuck, who was fast learning just what Dale would do for him upon command.

"Good boy," Chuck said leaning back on the couch. "Now turn around and unzip my pants."

Dale grew more excited. He knew this was what his humiliation had been building up to, and he knew he would do whatever it took to get a taste of Chuck's cock. He turned around and moved toward Chuck's lap, putting his elbows beside his thighs. Eagerly, Dale unbuttoned Chuck's jeans and carefully unzipped them. He could already smell his manliness and see the large bulge of Chuck's erection through his briefs. Chuck lifted his shirt above his stomach and Dale kissed the soft skin below his hairy navel. Dale then lifted the elastic band of Chuck's underwear and swept his tongue along the bottom of his belly. Chuck lifted his butt and thighs off the couch as Dale pulled off his pants and underwear. As he did so, he kissed the top of Chuck's feet in a symbol of reverence. He licked his ankles gently and swirled his tongue along Chuck's calves and up to his inner thighs before stealing a glance at Chuck's eight inch cock which was now standing fully at attention.

Chuck enjoyed the treatment of this servile boy crouched before him. He placed his hand on top of Dale's head, guiding it toward the tip of his penis, which Dale began to lick gently. Dale's tongue glided up and down Chuck's shaft until it glistened; he then licked and sucked each of Chuck's soft, hairy balls. Chuck opened his legs wide so Dale could get as much of each deep into his mouth before moving his tongue back up the shaft to the tip of Chuck's cock.

Chuck watched as Dale's velvety tongue and soft lips caressed his cock. He grunted and thrust his hips forward as Dale took his cock in his mouth. He leaned forward a bit, and placed one hand on the back of Dale's head, guiding him down on his cock. With the other hand Chuck reached forward into Dale's shorts and pulled the thong up tight into Dale's ass crack. Dale responded by plunging his head deeper into Chuck's groin. Dale then began to deepthroat Chuck until he almost gagged. He bobbed his head vigorously, pausing every few plunges to swirl his tongue along bottom of Chuck's cock when just the tip was in his mouth.

"Attaboy, keep sucking," Chuck said amid heavy breaths with both hands firmly gripping Dale's head. "You like that cock in your mouth, don't you boy?"

While keeping Chuck's cock in his mouth, Dale looked up at him and nodded his ascent at the top of a bob. "Mmff hmmm" he said, amid the sloppy blowjob.

Several minutes later, as Dale's jaw began to ache ever so slightly, Chuck thrust his cock deep into Dale's throat while pushing down on his head. He pumped his cock into Dale's mouth. Dale knew what was coming and he sucked hard in anticipation. Chuck groaned as he blasted hot squirts of cum into Dale's throat. Dale relished the hot salty liquid and sucked gently on Chuck's cock as the last drops of cum dribbled out.

"Keep it clean bitch," Chuck said. "I don't want to have to wipe anything up." Dale complied, gently licking every bit of cum off Chuck's cock and swallowing it.

"You're like a little cum vacuum, ain't you boy?" Chuck said to Dale derisively. Dale was in a daze and could only vaguely hear. He wrapped his hand around Chuck's cock as it grew limper and stroked it gently. He milked out a lost drop of cum and licked it up.

"Good boy. You did a good job. You're a fine cock sucker." Chuck said, momentarily softening his hard edge for Dale. Like a dog, this little bitch will need some positive reinforcement to keep him submissive, Chuck thought to himself.

Chuck then pushed Dale aside, stood up from the couch, grabbed his jeans and underwear and pulled them on. Dale remained bent over with his knees on the carpet and his arms on the couch. He looked up at Chuck, wondering what he should do next, get up? Or await further instruction from Chuck?

Chuck stood behind Dale and ran his hands between the boy's smooth thighs. He cupped one of Dale's ass cheeks, then ran his hand along Dale's crack. Dale arched his back and pushed his ass gently into Chuck's strong fingers. Chuck then grabbed the hair on the back of Dale's head as he reached between his legs, squeezing the boy's balls and feeling his throbbing hard on. Dale gasped.

"You want more dick, don't you bitch?" Chuck asked as he ran his finger along Dale's ass crack and pressed into his hole through the shorts.

"Yes sir," Dale said, rubbing his ass into Chuck's strong fingertips.

"Well you're going to get your wish slut. But you're going to have to suck whoever's dick I tell you, without any back talk. Now we're going to head over to a friend of mine's place a little later. I got a little get together planned. By the way, you can go ahead and jerk off in the bathroom; that hard-on you've had all morning must be killing you."

**I'm welcome feedback and am interested to know where readers would want to see the story go. Feel free to contact me.** 