 This is my first try at writing a story. I would like to thank ColetteJulie and BeautifulStorm for editing my story. Please let me know what you think.

*****

Several years ago, I worked for the same company as a guy called Tony. His nickname was 'Tony D' and occasionally I would be invited to his house, either to watch a game or for a party. Tony was a classic Italian man with dark olive skin, black hair and big, wide shoulders. He had a hairy chest and a stocky build.

Tony was married with older kids. I had been married for nineteen years with one child.

One day I got a text from him on my cell phone: 'missed you last night'. I thought, that was strange, then a picture was sent. I think I turned four shades of red and quickly covered my phone. The photo was of Tony, with a big smile for the camera, he had a drink in his hand and a guy sucking his cock. I looked again and was positive it was him, and it was a guy between his hairy legs sucking his cock. I knew I wasn't dreaming.

I looked at the picture four more times. Tony the manly man; hunt, fish, camp and sports kind of man had sent me a picture of him getting his cock sucked. 

I was frozen, not knowing what to reply. The classic three dots kept popping up on the screen of my phone then they would go away but I received no message from him. I decided to text him.

Mike: Guess I missed the invitation. 
Tony: I'm sorry, I sent that to the wrong person. 
Mike: That's okay. 
Tony: Please delete it. 
Mike: Each to their own, will do. 

I didn't hear from Tony for a week, but I looked at the picture he sent many times. I wondered who was sucking him, where he was, who took the picture, who's leg and arm were next to him. Was he bisexual or gay? I didn't really care, whatever made him happy, I thought. 

A week later I got another text from Tony.

Tony: Mike, I feel so bad about sending that to you, I am so embarrassed. 
Mike: Don't worry about it, whatever floats your boat. 
Tony: Please understand I am not gay. 
Mike: Okay.
Tony: It's not what it looks like. 
Mike: Then what is it? The last time I looked at a guy getting his dick sucked by another guy it was pretty gay.
Tony: No, it's just sex. 
Mike: Whatever you say Tony.
Tony: It's hard to explain. 
Mike: Yeah, it looked like you were. 
Tony: Okay, you're right.

We left it like that for another week. During that time I kept looking at the picture having so many more questions. Does this manly man suck cock? Does his wife know? I didn't think so. Who was he supposed to text? Perhaps someone else that I know as well. Do I know the guy who was sucking Tony's cock? 

I didn't know then, but I would get some answers to my questions the next time I saw Tony. He texted me the following week. 

Tony: Hey Mike, I hope you are not freaked out by all that. 
Mike: I said it was all good, whatever makes you happy. 
Tony: Okay. 
Mike: Can I ask you something?
Tony: Sure.
Mike: Who was that between your legs? 
Tony: I can't tell you that. 
Mike: What can you tell me? 
Tony: Why do you want to know? 
Mike: Curiosity, I guess. 
Tony: Can you meet me for a beer this weekend? 

I froze, I didn't know how to respond. Was Tony flirting with me? I could never do what I saw in that picture but it made me wonder. Four hours later he texted me again.


Tony: Just a beer at the sports bar. This Friday after work? Nothing more. We can talk then. 

I said 'yes' and sent the text. I could not believe I had said yes. I reasoned with myself that it was just a beer, but Friday arrived all too fast. 

I arrived at the sports bar after Tony, when I walked in I saw him sitting in a booth by the bar. He had already ordered a tall draft beer. He was looking very confident for a guy who had mistakenly sent an x-rated gay picture. 

The waitress got my order. We started out with small talk. After two beers and a shot of some good bourbon Tony started to tell me about the picture. It had all started one night at the end of one of his pay-per-view get togethers. There were four guys, including himself, who hadn't left yet and the three needed a little time before heading home. They were all married and around our age. The subject changed to sex. Everyone was bitching about their lame sex lives with their wives. Things got a little personal for them when one guy asked Tony if he had some porn to get his motor running before he went home. 

I was hanging on his every word like a little school boy. It was crazy. I was just about palpitating, my cock was hard as a rock and I was wondering how it got from pay-per-view to naked guys. 

As they watched the porn, everyone was laughing and talking about how hot the chicks were. It was obvious everyone was highly turned on at this point from the erections bulging in their pants. Then John pulled out his cock and started to jerk off. Tony followed suit, then Greg and finally Stan. John started laughing at Stan, he had the smallest cock - only about four inches. Greg and Tony had average six to seven inch cocks but Tony was much thicker then Greg. So he said. 

I kept looking around to see if people were listening to us. But the place was empty and Tony would stop talking when the waitress came to us. I could not believe I was listening to this story. 

Tony continued, John had the most to be proud, his cock it was about nine inches. John kept going on about how the chicks on screen really looked like good cock-suckers, and how good it would be if the wife could suck like that. They all had a good laugh. The whole situation changed when Stan said if their wives were getting paid like that, they would suck cock like that too. John asked if all it took was money and Stan said yes. John asked Stan how much it would take him to suck a cock like that. Stan said a hundred dollars. John reached into his pants pocket and pulled out a hundred dollar bill and gave it to Stan. Stan tried to laugh it off but John kept pushing. John teased him about his little cock and about how getting paid to suck cock turns anyone into a slut. Stan had then asked John what would it make all of them if he did. Gay? Greg then said it wouldn't mean anything, it was just sex. 

He said they could call it 'friends with benefits' just a release of sexual frustration. Everyone agreed and then right there in Tony's basement, Stan walked over to John and got down on his knees and started to sucked John off. John showed his approval with moans and groans. After a couple of minutes John came in Stan's throat. Stan held most of it in, then he cleaned off John's cock and looked at Greg and Tony and asked who wanted to go next. 

Stan had no trouble with Greg's cock and finished him in no time flat. Tony felt a hand on his cock, it was Stan and when he looked down Stan's mouth was engulfing his cock. Tony said it felt amazing better than anything he ever got from his wife. 

My phone went off and I jumped about a foot off the seat, Tony just laughed at me. 

"Why are you so jumpy?" Tony asked. 

"I don't know why." I replied. 

"I know why." He said and smiled. 

I brushed it off. 

Tony continued to tell the story. As Stan sucked his cock, he was also stroking it. As Tony let loose a huge load in Stan's throat, Stan bucked and jumped and came all over his pants. Everyone sat there speechless. John stood up, and said that it was hot. He suggested that they do it again sometime soon. With that he zipped up his pants and left. Stan went to the bathroom to clean up and Greg left. Tony pulled up his pants and showed Stan to the door.

Tony told me it was the craziest thing he had ever done. I could tell it wasn't the last time. He said they all got together a month later and talked about what happened. Everyone wanted to do it again. The three of them told Stan how it would work, Stan was the cock sucker and they would not touch or suck him. Stan sat for a minute drinking his beer and said it was fine, but it must be agreed that nobody was bisexual, gay, fag or a cock sucker. Also that they would respect each other and never to talk about it. 

"That's how it all started. The cock sucking club." Tony looked at me and said, "I'll see you in two weeks on Sunday at my house for the Lions game. One pm, it will be just you and me - got it?" 

It was more of an order, not a question or an invitation. I didn't know what to say, I was shocked, appalled, taken back by his boldness. He put fifty dollars on the table and walked out. 

Before I could form a sentence Tony was gone. I sat there thinking of the story Tony had just told me, my cock was aching and precum was running down my leg. I went to the bathroom and jerked myself off. It only took about thirty seconds and cum was flying everywhere. I tried cleaning up but it was futile. I looked at my phone and saw I had four missed calls from my wife. She was not happy when I called her. 

That Sunday Tony texted me asking if the plans were all set for the football game the following Sunday? I didn't reply right away so about twenty minutes later he texted again.

Tony: Are you in or out? 

I sat there staring at the text, my heart was pounding, my hands were shaking, and I had a nauseous feeling in my stomach. What would happen? Who else would know? What if my wife found out? My thoughts were running a million miles an hour through my head. I typed out a reply.

Mike: Yes, all set, see you next Sunday. 

I sat and stared at the message my thumb over the send button. I wanted to press send but I couldn't. Then I did it, I pressed send. He replied immediately.

Tony: Great, see you then.

The week dragged and it was the longest seven days of my life. It was really hard to act like everything was normal but I did my best. 

Sunday came and I went over to Tony's house. He met me at the door. His wife was sitting at the kitchen table and said hello. When we got downstairs in the basement, he got me a beer. We sat down in two huge recliners and kicked back as the game kicked off. Three beers in, Tony got out some great bourbon. My buzz went into high gear. As the game was going into halftime Tony's wife yelled downstairs that she was going shopping. Tony looked at me and smiled. My heart skipped a beat, my stomach dropped and my hand started to shake so I put down the bourbon. As halftime started Tony started to talk about sex and cock sucking. He told me there were three kinds of guys. One would be the type of guy who would have deleted the picture and never speak to him again. The second was a type of guy who was interested in it but wouldn't pursue it. The third type, was a guy who wanted to suck cock. Tony had pegged me as the third type of guy. I looked at him and told him he was crazy. There was no way I would ever suck a man's cock. 

"I don't believe that. If you didn't want to suck cock or were not interested in it, you wouldn't be here." 

With that Tony explained the rules to me. 

"This is how it works. You suck my cock and I cum, you can play with yourself and cum but I will not touch you or suck your cock. It's just not my thing. But cock sucking is your thing, I can tell. I can see it in your eyes and I can see it in the bulge in your pants."

Tony stood up and pulled down his pants. His huge balls and cock were three feet from my face. I had never been more afraid in my life. Or more turned on. He was so comfortable with his dick hanging out. I sat there staring at his cock getting hard. Tony's cock was just as dark as the rest of his skin and it was circumcised. It was about five inches soft, and thick. Soft, it looked like a roll of half dollar coins with more to grow. His nuts looked like two baseballs hanging halfway down to his knees between. His nuts were bare and he had a super hairy patch. He told me to stand and remove my pants. For some crazy reason I did as he told me. He looked at me and smiled, then he sat back down in his chair. He sat there playing with his dick getting it hard. 

As I pulled down my pants Tony asked what I thought of his cock, was it everything I thought it would be? I told him at first, it was just like being in a locker room, I didn't feel it was wrong to look at his cock. 

"So, you've looked at others in locker rooms? 

"Yes." 

"I pegged you right," Tony exclaimed. "I use to always catch you looking at my package when we talked at work." 

He glanced at my cock bulging in my boxers. "Looks like you are turned on," he remarked. 

I didn't say anything. 

"Are you just going to stand there with your jaw open or are you going to get over here and suck my cock. We don't have all day. Either you are in or you can go home." As he said this he stared into my eyes and stroked his thick cock. 

"Remove the rest of your clothes, I want you naked." 

I took off my boxers, and my shirt. He looked me up and down and asked me to turn around. It was a true show of who was in charge. As I turned around Tony told me to stop when my ass faced him. He ordered me to walk back towards him. I walked backwards to his chair feeling very vulnerable. I felt his hand reach out and grab my ass. He grabbed it hard then gave my ass a really hard smack. I jumped and squealed like a little girl. Tony got a big laugh out of that.

"Not bad. You do have a cute ass, nice, soft and smooth." 

As I turned to face him, my cock stuck straight out. He made a comment about my cock saying how interesting it was that it curved.

Tony's actions and words let me know he was in charge. He carried himself as the alpha male in this situation. He looked me in the eyes and asked if I was ready. I paused trying to clear my throat, I looked down at his thick shaft and huge cock head. He stopped stroking his cock and looked up at me.

"I need an answer, are you ready or not?"

"Yes." It was like an out of body experience. 

"I'm glad to hear that because I really need some head." 

"Get down on your knees and suck my cock like you always wished your wife would for you." 

I leaned in towards him and ran my hands up his thighs. His body was so hairy, classic Italian man. It was such a different feeling from a smooth female. I took his dark olive skinned, big thick cock into my hand and started stroking him as my mouth moved to his huge balls. I started licking and kissing his nuts and I closed my eyes and took in the manly smell. I licked my way to the top of his shaft and I opened my mouth and took his cock in. 

Tony sighed.

"I'm going to enjoy this, it already feels good." 

His cock had gotten three times as thick. It was difficult to get it into my mouth. I struggled a bit to keep my teeth off his shaft and I lost track of time as I got into a great rhythm. Tony rubbed the back of my head as I bobbed up and down on his gorgeous cock. I realized the game was back on, I heard them say that the start of the fourth quarter was coming up. I had been sucking his cock for thirty minutes. I felt like a true cock sucker, sucking his dick while he enjoyed the football game. Tony moaned and groaned and grunted. His cock was so big in my mouth, I started to get used to it now and it felt so natural. It became a rush knowing I was giving him such pleasure. 

"I know this is your first time, but do you want the reward?" 

I started to suck harder on his beautiful cock and then he came. His cum shot right to the back of my throat. I didn't mind the taste at all. I kept sucking and licking his cock. He moaned and jumped as I sucked every last drop of cum from his dick. Tony pulled me off of his cock. 

"That was outstanding for a first timer. I knew you would do so well." 

I looked him in the eyes and smiled with cum dripping down my chin. Tony told me to smile and he took a picture. Reality set in. I was naked and had cum dripping down my face. My cock was hard as hell with pre-cum dripping all over the place. Tony sat naked from waist down, his half hard cock lying between his legs. 

"Feel free to cum now if you like or you can get dressed. Just please don't make a mess." 

Guilt started to rush over me.

"Don't worry my friend your guilt will pass." 

"How do you know I feel guilty?" 

"Everybody does their first time. It's no worry, soon it will become a natural thing for you. You are the perfect cock sucker." 

I sat at his feet playing with myself and in minutes I was cuming everywhere. Tony handed me some tissues to clean up. I gathered my clothes and went to the bathroom to get cleaned up and dressed. When I returned Tony was dressed. We sat and drank some more and watched football like nothing had happened. 

As I left he told me not to worry about the picture, it was just insurance and he would text me soon to let me know when he was ready again. What did I get myself into?