 Thank you to Glodboy16 for editing my story. I hope you all enjoy Chapter 2 .

*****

Over the next six months I had visited Big Tony D's house three more times. I really started getting into sucking his cock, and he really enjoyed it. The last time I was there he was in a particularly horny mood. About an hour before I was supposed to be there this time he texted me: 

T: "when you get here come on in down to the basement. The wife is gone."

M: "ok, see you soon." 

I got there at the time he told me, let myself in and headed to the basement. I called out hello but he didn't respond. I was looking around, and at the walk-out door from the basement was a pile of clothes. I opened the door and there was Tony in a new hot tub. He told me to make myself some drinks and get him another Jack and coke the way he likes it. Figuring we were alone, I stripped right there before getting the drinks. As I walked around, feeling the freedom of being naked and thinking about what could come for the night, my cock began to stir and grow. Tony was really nice to me. He knew what I liked and kept it special for me; he hid it from his other friends. The second time I came over he had bought me a fifth of Woodford Reserve bourbon, not the regular Woodford but the Double Oak Woodford that cost $75 per fifth. Tony took good care of me and it felt nice. I reached in the far back corner of the bottom shelf, grabbed the fifth and poured my drink and his. I grabbed a bud light too; Tony also had those for me. 

As I walked outside, Tony shot me a big smile. The cool, fresh fall air sent chills over my body. He said, "The water's perfect and the game is just about to start." Besides the new hot tub he had also installed an LED TV outside, perfect for the games. He was telling me how his wife was gone for the entire weekend. As the hot water and bourbon worked their magic on me, he told me it was going to be a big night for me. I choked down my last swallow of beer as my jaw fell wide open. Tony laughed at me and told me to relax. He said this was the night he had been preparing me for. Greg and John would be there at any time. I started to protest and to get out of the water. 

Tony said "Sit down and shut up, or those pics I have of you will be sent to your wife." 

I began to panic. My life would be ruined. I sat on the edge of the hot tub. My brain and my heart were in shock but my cock was hard as a rock. 

Tony broke the silence. "Sit down. Relax and answer me this: you do enjoy sucking my cock, right"? I sat there staring at the door and my discarded clothes. 

Tony firmly said again, "Sit down!" 

I eased back into the water and looked at Tony. He started saying that I will really enjoy myself and by the look of my cock hard cock that a big part of me deep down was looking forward to it also. 

"Now," Tony said, "answer the question." 

I had forgotten the question. "What was the question, Tony?" 

"You enjoy sucking cock, right?" he asked.

"Yes," I said. I kind of surprised myself. 

"Well then, tonight you'll be in heaven. You'll have three cocks to suck all to yourself. Stan couldn't make it." 

My heart was racing a mile a minute. 

Tony said again, "Mike, relax. All the same rules will apply just like when Stan is here."

He asked me to go get refills on the drinks. I climbed out of the water and dried off to head into the house. As I was behind the bar getting the drinks I heard the front door open and two people talking. I started to panic but I took a deep breath and a big swig of the Woodford. It burned going down but I was ready. As they started down the stairs I knew that any second two complete strangers would see me naked with a raging hard on. 

They turned the corner and I looked at them with a big smile.

I said, "The bar's open. What can I get you?" 

They stopped in their tracks for a second. Then they walked up to the bar and peered over to see me in all my nakedness. They smiled with approval and introduced themselves as Greg and John, then ordered two beers.

"So you're Mike. Tony has told us a lot about you," said Greg. "It's nice to meet you finally." 

John asked, "Where's Tony?" I told him Tony was outside in the hot tub.

"We were beginning to think he was never going to share your talents with us," John added.

John started to remove his clothes while heading to the walk-out door. 

He said, "I can't wait to see the new hot tub," and with that he dropped his pants and underwear.

Then there it was. Just as Tony had told me, it was long and thick, with a large head and a set of balls the size of racquet balls. Limp, his cock was bigger than mine. 

"When you're done staring, Mike, I'll take the beer outside", John said with a chuckle. 

He walked outside and shut the door. Then Greg asked how I was doing and if I needed help with the drinks. 

I replied that I was doing good and was all set. Tony had put a tray there so I could get all the drinks. 

Greg started to remove his clothes and kind of griped about how John loved to show off his "big fucking cock". I laughed out loud and said "Yeah, I kind of noticed." 

I loaded the tray with the four drinks, picked it up and headed to the door as Greg was finishing getting undressed. I looked down as he removed his pants and could tell he was a little turned on. It looked like a nice cock. 

He said, "Let me get that door for you." 

As I walked by Greg reached out and gave my cock a squeeze and a slow stroke. I almost dropped the drinks. I looked at Greg in shock. 

Greg said, "Sorry, hope that didn't bother you but you have a very sexy cock and I just wanted to feel it."

I replied, "But I thought you guys only liked to have your cocks sucked." 

"That is true, but I just couldn't help myself," Greg said. 

He put his finger to his lips and told me not to tell anyone about how he'd copped a feel. 

I said, "No problem here, your secret is safe with me." 

Greg opened the door and let me out first with the drinks. As I passed he copped a feel of my ass but at the angle Tony or John could not see. 

Tony spoke up and asked what took so long. He asked if I was sampling the new cock already and I just laughed at him. 

I said, "Maybe I would have been out faster if he wasn't so picky about his drink". 

Everyone got a good laugh. Then John said, "Tony, it looks like you picked a good one with a little attitude. It will be a nice change." 

Tony replied, "For sure, and his skills are the best you'll ever have." 

Greg climbed into the tub and I finished passing out the drinks. I was in and out of the hot tub getting drinks for everyone. Then I sat down beside Tony and Greg was sitting across from me. As I sat there I kept feeling Greg's foot rub up my legs and across my thigh. It was really hard to play it cool because this was not part of the club agreement, but who was I to complain about the rules being broken?

John and Tony both at one time got out to go take a leak. That's when Greg shifted over to me and grabbed my cock. I reached under the water and returned the favor. We sat there in the hot tub jerking each other. 

Greg spoke: "Please don't say anything to the other guys because they might kick me out for breaking the rules." Again I told him his secret was safe with me, but I was a little nervous about getting in trouble also. 

John walked out first and asked what we were up to and we both replied, "Just watching the game." 

John climbed into the hot tub and his cock waved right in front of my face. 

"Fuck, John, watch where you point that thing," I exclaimed. 

John laughed. "Sorry, but from what I hear you'll be able to handle it pretty good. It's just like their cocks but it's huge." 

With that he began to shake his hips side to side and his huge cock slapped from one side to the other, making a loud noise. 

I was turned on and a little scared at how big his cock was. 

Just then Tony walked out from the house. "Yes, John, your cock is huge, we all know it. No reason to wave it in our faces." 

John laughed and said, "Sorry, just giving the new guy a good view."

Greg added, "That's good, Mr. Horse Cock. We've all seen it, so just sit down before you put somebody's eye out." 

We all laughed. 

"All right, everybody, who's ready to get their smoke on?" Tony asked as he pulled out a big fat joint. Everyone spoke up that they were game. 

Again I felt Greg's hand on my cock. It was amazing. The drinks, the pot, and the hot water had me really horned up. As we passed around the joint Tony asked if anyone was watching the game, seeing how the Tigers were getting their asses kicked. 

My foot touched John's foot and he looked at me and gave me a little nod. I ran my foot up his leg to his huge ball sack. I tiptoed across his balls and my foot found what I thought was his hard cock only to find out it would grow another three inches as my foot rubbed along it. As Greg stroked me my hand found his hard cock. 

That's when Tony asked, "Greg, what are you doing?"

Greg let go and slowly moved his hand away and answered "Nothing!" 

"Well let's turn the tub lights on," Tony said. With that the water lighted up red. You could make out that we were all hard and I was giving John a foot job and Greg a hand job. 

"Well fuck, Mike, you've got you two new cocks, you're all over them and I'm chopped liver," Tony said.

I reached out to Tony, who was just standing there outside the tub half hard and his nuts hanging damn near to his knees. 

"I'm sorry, big D," I said as I gave his cock a long stroke. "You know I love sucking your big thick cock." As usual his cock hardened in my hand. I was in heaven, a cock in each hand and one on my foot. I was a cock hound, and I had a wide range of cocks to play with. Average, thick, and fucking huge. My head was spinning. 

Tony broke the spell I was in. "Hey, let's all dry off and head inside." 

Everyone was down for that. We all dried off and headed inside where Tony already had some porn playing on his big 68" TV. 

I went and got another drink, not sure why because I didn't need it, seeing the way my head was spinning, but it gave everyone time to sit down. I walked in front of the couch where John and Greg were, sat down between them and reached over to start stroking their cocks. 

"What the fuck!" Tony said. "Again the host is left out." 

I looked over at Tony and said, "Well get over here. I can take care of you too". It was like an out of body experience. Again I was a true cock hound. 

As I sat there stroking those two sexy cocks Tony walked over and fed me his cock. I had really learned what Tony liked from my past four visits to his house. I let go of my two new friends' cocks as I started in hard sucking TonyD's fat, hard cock. Tony was really getting into fucking my mouth when he pulled his cock out and said he needed to sit down. 

He joined the others on the couch and I got down to finishing him off. It didn't take long and Tony started to groan and move in his seat. He was getting close, so I reached out and started to jerk off Greg and John. They had both gone a little soft so I needed to get the next cock hard. 

Tony's hips lifted off the couch and cum poured into my mouth. I sucked down every last drop. As I did he jumped, moaned and kicked. He looked at John and said, "I told you he was good."

John replied, "Well let's see what he can do with this cock". He gripped his huge cock at the base and waved it around. 

I heard Greg mumble something under his breath but couldn't make it out. I assumed it was something about John and his big cock. 

I moved over to John next, figuring it would be easier to suck his huge cock next before my jaw was too sore. 

I wrapped my hand around his huge shaft. My thumb couldn't touch my middle finger, so I placed one hand on top of the other. With both hands wrapped around his cock there were about two inches sticking out. It really was huge. 

I looked up at John. He smiled, closed his eyes and laid his head back as I took his cock head into my mouth. I removed my top hand and gave him one hell of a BJ and HJ. I really had to open my mouth wide to get the top five inches in. I stroked him hard and fast, working on his huge cock head and hoping I wouldn't get lock jaw or something. 

Tony had moved to the bar and was giving me words of encouragement, telling me I should be able to deep throat John. "Like his balls, he loves it when Stan does it." Tony was really enjoying himself. I stopped sucking for a minute and turned to see Tony was hard again and stroking his fat cock. 

I looked over at Greg and told him to move over closer to John so I could get him ready for his blow job. He really didn't need much help. I think he could have broken bricks with how hard his cock was. 

It was a strange contrast, a huge cock and a little bit below average cock, one in each hand. I sat in the middle jerking them both off. My mouth needed a break. I then went down on Greg's cock and sucked him for a couple of minutes while I still was jacking John's dick. Then I switched back over to John. One cock to the next. I lost track of time, but my knees hadn't. They were killing me. So I told John and Greg, "If you want more you both have to stand so I can sit on the couch". They were fine with that and helped me up. 

I grabbed both cocks and pulled them in to each other. Their two cock heads touched and my mouth went around them. Neither guy pulled away, which surprised me. It was really hard to get my mouth around both with John's head so huge but I was doing it like a true pro. 

Tony was freaking out. "Holy shit, a double barrel blow job! I told you guys this guy was awesome." 

It was hard sucking both so I concentrated just on John's huge hard cock. He needed to cum, I could tell. It wasn't much longer and his cum started spraying everywhere, in my mouth and on my face. I took as much as I could but his cum was just too much for me. 

John said to Tony, "That was fucking outstanding. 100% better than Stan."

Tony replied, "Told you."

With cum still on my face I turned to Greg's cock and started to work it over. I pulled Greg's hips into my face. I was easily able to deep throat him. I could lick his balls while I had his cock in my mouth. Greg's pace really quickened. He had started to fuck my mouth in and out faster and faster. It wasn't much longer until his cum was shooting in my mouth. Greg grabbed my head and held me in close. He let out a loud "Mother Fuck!" as the second shot went all over my face. He was shaking as I finished his cock off. 

Out of the corner of my eye I saw Tony. He was stroking his cock vigorously. I could tell he wanted to give me more of his cum. He was sure fired up tonight. Two loads in one night! I turned to it and just as I did his cum sprayed all over me. 

I'm not sure how long it lasted but my cock was now limp and all shriveled up. But there was pre-cum all over my head. Tony handed me a warm towel to clean my face. 

John and Tony headed outside to smoke and I started to stroke my cock. Greg was next to me and put his hand over mine. He told me not to say anything. Again, who was I to complain? I let go of my cock and Greg stroked it as if it were his own. It didn't take long before I got that feeling deep down that I was getting ready to cum. I told Greg and he stroked faster. The first shot of cum hit my chest, and Greg's mouth went to my cock. I about jumped off the couch. Greg got more than he wanted but kept sucking. It was amazing! I was seeing stars. Greg released his mouth from my cock. He looked at me and said, "Any time you need a friend, just call." He got up and headed to the bathroom. 

Tony and John walked back in and asked if everything was ok. "Totally thanks for having me over. I'm really surprised how hot it was," I replied. 

We all got dressed and headed out. 

What a night! My head was spinning but I would do it again in a heartbeat.