 After meeting the rest of the group, on my last visit over to Tony's, things slowed down. Schedules just didn't work and life had gotten busy. About six months later, I got a text from Tony one Monday afternoon.

Tony: What are you doing for the game Saturday night?

Mike: No plans, what did you have in mind?

Tony: Come over, watch the game, enjoy the hot tub and a couple drinks, normal night. 

Mike: Anyone else coming over?

Tony: I texted Greg and John, but haven't heard from them

Mike: Let me check to see if anything is going on 

Tony: Let me know by Thursday

Mike: Will do

I cleared my calendar and was ready for fun night out. It had been almost six months since I had any fun with Tony so I was looking forward to it. I texted Tony on Thursday.

Mike: See you on Saturday? 

Tony: Cool see you around 6:30

Mike: Ok see you then

Mike: Anyone else coming????

Tony: John is busy, Greg is a maybe.

Mike: OK 

Saturday could not get here fast enough. It had been too long since I had cock. I was really yearning for a big, thick, hard, cock and some cum to go with it. 

Tony texted me Saturday around 6:00: "Come on, the wife is gone. I will be in the hot tub." 

When I got there it looked like Greg was not coming. Oh well, Tony and I always have fun. 

I headed downstairs and started to strip naked, seeing Tony was already in the hot tub. There is just something about being naked in someone else's house that is pretty hot. My cock started to lengthen as I went behind the bar to get my drinks, a bud light and a bourbon. I figured Tony could use a fresh drink so I made him a drink also. I did a shot of bourbon to relax a little. I reached down and pulled out the drink tray and loaded it up and headed outside. 

What a sight I had to be, butt ass naked, half hard cock, and a tray full of drinks. I must have looked like a waiter in a gay bar. 

I opened the door and there was Tony sitting on the edge of the hot tub. His large, dark legs hung down in the water. His body was wet and his hair was matted down. His jet black hair was slicked straight back. All he needed was a gold chain and sun glasses and he would have looked like a mobster. His legs were spread and his large balls hung down really low. I love hot tubs, how they give the opposite effect of a pool. No shrinkage here. 

Tony smiled and said, "Hello, so glad you made it Mike, and you brought me a fresh drink. I was starting to wonder where you were".

I replied, "I would have been here sooner, but I knew you needed a drink". 

Tony shot back, "I can see you also made a drink for yourself. What you should have done, is brought me mine then made yours." 

"Sorry, Tony, I will next time," I replied

Tony had a different tone tonight. I was not sure what was up, but I was just glad to be climbing into his hot tub. I handed him his drink and reached down and gave his thick cock a nice couple strokes. It grew fast in my hand. He let out a big sigh. I settled in the hot tub and he also slid back in. We had some small talk about the game, work, and life. I played footsie with him. I ran my foot up and down his big thick hairy legs. He responded by spreading his legs wide. I moved my feet up to his cock and stroked it with my feet. He really liked that. Tony told me to take it easy, the night was still young. I stood up to go get refills for us. As I stood up I felt a hand on my ass. I froze in place. I couldn't figure what Tony was doing. He rubbed my ass and gave it a slap and complimented me on my tight, firm ass. He gave it one more hard slap as I got out of the hot tub. I was in shock. 

As I walked into the house he said, "Your working out is really paying off Mike, your ass is tighter than my old lady's."

"Well thank you, Sir," I replied. 

I went inside and got us drinks. I looked into the mirror and I thought to myself, "what the fuck was that all about?" As I was loading up the tray to take the drinks out, Tony walked in from outside with a towel wrapped around his waist. He walked over to the bar and picked up his drink and said, "Cheers." 

Then he said, "Follow me."

I followed him back towards where the bathroom was. When he turned on the light, the bathroom was totally different. It had a new huge walk-in shower. It was big enough for three guys. Wonder what he had in mind when he had it built. The bathroom had a fresh, clean, new smell to it.

"Looks amazing, Tony, I didn't know you were having it done. When did you get it finished?" I asked.

Tony replied, "About two days ago. You want to break in the shower?"

"Sounds good to me," I said.

Tony dropped his towel and stood there buck ass naked. His cock was sticking out at half-mast. It was just past his large, firm belly, which was covered in dark hair. His body was a classic picture of a bear dom top. Tony was looking very hot tonight. He then went over to a fancy water control panel and was able to turn on the water from outside the shower to all three heads. There was a shower head on each side plus a large overhead rain-down shower head. It was amazing. Tony was also able to control the lights in the whole bathroom. 

He opened the full glass door and stepped in, looked back at me and said, "Come on in, the water is warm." I set down my drink on the new sink and joined him. Once in the shower Tony turned on a steam generator. In no time at all I could hardly see him. 

He handed me a bar of soap, but just before I could grab it he dropped it and laughed at me.

He said, "Didn't know you needed soap on a rope."

As I bent over to pick it up I felt his hands on my ass again. This time I pushed back into his hands, giving him a good feel. 

Tony also had control of lights from inside the shower. He turned off the main lights and set LED mode lights to red. It looked really cool with all the steam that was now in the bathroom. 

As I was getting lost in the full-on body massage from the shower heads I felt Tony behind me soaping up my back. It felt really good. I was surprised, seeing what big bear paws for hands he has. My cock hardened instantly. I was really shocked. I think this was the first time Tony had touched my body except for when he had his cock in my mouth and was holding my head. He worked his hands down my sides to my hips. Then he brought his right hand up to my shoulder and pushed me forward while pulling on my left hip. 

Then in complete disbelief I felt something poking my ass and it wasn't his hand. I gasped loudly and tried to pull away but it was no use. Tony SHHHHH'ed me and pulled me in closer to him. I didn't want to fight him, I really wanted to see where this was going. His cock slipped between my ass cheeks and rubbed up and down my crack. I started to get into it and push back against him. His big hairy chest and belly rubbing against my back almost had me ready to explode. He lowered both hands to my hips and started to dry fuck me so to speak. It really wasn't dry seeing how soapy and wet we were. He stopped and then pushed me to a bench in the shower. He stood under the raining shower head and rinsed off his body, giving me a show in the process. Then he walked towards me, looking down at me and stroking his fat cock. Now this was more like it, me at his feet sucking his cock. I moved off the bench to the warm tile floor. His cock was perfect for sucking and deep throating. I licked his shaft up and down, taking just his cock head into my mouth. My tongue swirled around it. Tony always moaned when I did this. His hands rested on my shoulders. I licked back down his shaft to his large nut sack and took his right ball into my mouth. I noticed something different about his sack, he had shaved his boys bare. It was great to suck on shaved balls. I went from his right nut to his left nut back and forth I went from the far back side of his nuts back all the way to the tip of his fat hard cock. After several minutes of me sucking on his fat cock Tony's legs started to shake. He pulled his cock from my mouth and complimented me on my great oral skills. I sat there kneeling on the tile floor looking up at him with a frown on my face. I really wanted his cum. 

"Let's rinse off and head to the T.V. room," Tony said, "but first, Mike, let's make sure that cute little ass of yours is nice and clean." 

Looking up at him I was again completely confused. He helped me up off the floor and turned me around again. He handled me and bent me over. 

"Hand me the bar of soap?" Tony asked. 

I did as he requested. He started to rub my ass cheeks up and down side to side with the soap. I leaned over even farther, putting my hands on my knees. Then his large hand with the bar of soap slipped between my ass cheeks. His finger found my brown eye and he pressed slightly in. It was a very strange feeling. Again I didn't know where this was going but I wasn't complaining. His ass washing had my cock hard as steel, I was all in. He told me to bend over farther and spread my legs apart. I placed my hands on the bench that I had been sitting on before. I was completely exposed. Then for the first time ever Tony reached up between my legs and started to stroke my cock. I could not believe what was happening. It felt wonderful, better than when I do it myself. As he stroked my cock he slapped my ass really hard. I tried to pull away but he had a firm grasp on my cock. I giggled and purred like a little slut. I looked back at Tony. He had his cock in his left hand and my cock and balls in his right hand. His eyes were closed as he was doing it, with a big smile on his face. 

He let go my cock and then grabbed the hand-held shower head and rinsed off my ass and cock. Then he turned off all the water in the shower by hitting one button, got out and handed me a towel. As we dried off he kept slapping and pinching my ass. He had me giggling like a school girl. I was jumping all around the bathroom trying to keep away, my cock was flopping around all over the place. As Tony finished drying off, he took his towel and started to snap it at me. We started to have a good old locker room towel fight. He was fast and got several hits on my legs and my ass. I had to cry uncle. Tony stood there looking a little taller than normal, laughing so I hard I thought he might pass out. He continued to laugh at me and wound up his towel again. "If you want me to stop, you best get on your knees" Tony ordered. The welts were burning. I didn't want more marks so I dropped to my knees. He walked over to me and put his towel around my neck and pulled me onto his cock. He forced his fat cock in my mouth with a little more force than normal. He was really taking things to the next level and I was enjoying it. I'm not sure how long he assaulted my mouth but my jaw had started to hurt. Then he pulled his cock out of my mouth. I was out of breath, there was spit running down my chin, my eyes were watering, and precum was running down my cock. I looked like a used whore.

Tony ordered me to my feet. He reached down and stroked my cock a couple times. He worked his large hand up all the way to the top of my cock and pinched the head, working out a large drop of pre-cum. He looked at the cum on his fingers and raised his hand to my mouth and forced his finger into my mouth. He said, "Taste your cum." 

He then grabbed his towel and finished drying us off, paying particular attention to my ass. 

Once dried off we headed to the couch. I was in front of Tony and I heard him say again what a sweet little ass I had. He sat in his chair, turned on the TV and started some porn. It was a normal girl-guy porn. Then he pulled out a big fat joint and we started to smoke. The buzz was really kicking in as we passed the joint between us. Then the hung stud in the porn started to bury his cock in the blonde's ass. 

Tony said, "Look at that. She's taking a cock like a champ."

"Yup, it looks like she's done that before," I said.

Tony replied, "It has been so long since I've fucked my wife in the ass. She never lets me do it anymore."

I laughed out loud and said, "I hear you. I haven't fucked my wife's ass in years."

As I handed Tony the joint he grabbed my hand and pulled me towards his lap. As I sat down on his big strong thighs his cock was poking me between my legs. He reached down and stroked my cock, and asked if I would like to try it tonight. 

Again not believing what was happening I turned to him and could not believe he asked me that.

"Let me fuck that sexy little ass of yours," he said.

I did not reply to him. All I did was lie back on his chest and rest my head on his shoulder. With that Tony reached down and start to stroke my cock again. I started to moan, then grind and roll my hips into his cock. He patted my ass, lifted me up off himself and moved me to the couch. I sat down on the edge. He got down in front of me and lifted my legs up. I am not sure why I did it but I closed my legs tight, making sure my cock and balls could not be seen from Tony's view. He then went down and licked the back of my thighs. He kept heading south and went down towards my ass. Then he went to town eating my ass. It was a feeling I had never felt before. It was breathtaking. His beard rubbing my smooth ass cheeks was sending me into overdrive. He was eating my ass like it was a pussy, licking all around the hole and his tongue was fucking my little brown eye. He came up for air and looked me in the eyes. Not a word was spoken. I nodded at him, he nodded at me. He got up and reached into the drawer of the end table and pulled out a condom and a small bottle. He handed me the bottle. It was lube. I figured out what I needed that for, seeing I had handed a couple of ladies lube like that in the past. As I lubed my asshole for Tony he rolled the condom over his large cock head. He put his hand out to me so I could give him some lube. Tony rubbed my asshole and slid a finger into my ass. It was a strange feeling. His large finger sent a feeling throughout my body like a shock wave. He moved up closer to me and I felt his large cock head press against my asshole. You could tell neither one of us knew what we were doing. It was strange and awkward. It was like two virgins trying to figure out what to do in the back seat of a car. I looked at Tony and gave him the "hold on a second" look. I got up and got on my hands and knees on the couch. Tony got behind me. I reached back to help him guide his fat cock towards my asshole. His angle was wrong at first so I lowered my hips a little and things lined up. He slowly pushed into me, his large cock head stretching open my asshole. At first it was very painful. I had to put my hand back to ease his entry into me. He was going a little fast for my virgin ass. I put my head down, took some deep breaths and pushed out like I was trying to have a movement. Then I started to relax and his cock sank deeper into me. I moved my hand from Tony's hip and he started to slowly pull out, then pushed it back in. The pain was turning to pleasure. My cock was hard as a rock and precum was leaking out of it. I didn't want to stop but I didn't want to get cum all over Tony's couch. 

"Tony, I'm getting precum on your couch," I told him.

As he started to work his cock in my ass he replied "You seemed to like the taste before, so have some more" 

He then grabbed my hips and drove his cock deep into me. It was on. He started to really fuck me but good. His hips slammed into my ass. I could feel his huge balls slapping against mine. He seemed to last forever. My first ass fucking just kept going. He was sweating and breathing heavily as he pumped my ass. He grabbed my hips with both his meat hooks and pulled me in tight to him. He slapped my ass several times while telling me how tight my sexy little ass was. His sweat was dripping down my back.

"Mike, your ass is better than sex ever was with my wife." He said, "I could really get used to it."

I could say nothing back. I just grunted and moaned loader as he pumped into my ass. His cock felt amazing inside me.

I had lost track of time, but when I looked up at the TV a third different couple was on the screen. The guy was fucking the shit out of a redhead's ass just like what was happening to me. The stud pulled his long dong out of her ass and started to stroke his cock right in front of her face. After a few strokes he began cumming on her face. 

I tightened down on my ass drawing Tony's cock in tighter as he picked up his pace even faster and deeper. He started to fuck my ass just right and was hitting a spot that was making me start to lose control. It felt like I was peeing but when I looked down at my cock, cum started to fly everywhere. It was the most amazing orgasm ever. I almost collapsed under the weight of him driving his cock into my asshole. Just then he started yelling in pleasure that he was cumming. Then he collapsed on top of me. As my body flattened down onto the couch I hit my wet spot. We laid on the couch in a huge pile of sweat, cum, and depleted cocks for several minutes. His heavy body lay on top of me. He was still breathing heavily in my ear. His cock softened and slipped out of my ass. It left a strange feeling in me. He got up, patted my ass and stood in front of me. The condom was ready to fall off his cock as it softened and the weight of his huge load pulled it down his shaft.

"That was amazing, Mike, it has been so long since I fucked someone it's not even funny," he told me.

"I hear you, Tony. Once a month is not enough for me either," I said. 

"Fuck, Mike, if I got it once a month I would be in heaven. Try more like 18 months since the last time I banged my old lady," he admitted. 

"Sorry to hear that," I replied.

"I hope I wasn't too hard on your ass," he said.

"At first it was a bit painful but then it turned into an amazing feeling," I told him. 

As we talked Tony sat back down in his chair and had another drink. We started to recount the ass fucking I had just received from his fat cock. I had gotten another drink and we finished off the joint. 

He then asked, "Would you like to get cleaned up before you head home?"

"Sounds like a good idea," I replied. 

We hit the shower and helped each other get cleaned up.

After my shower I got dressed and headed out. 

Tony said again, "Thanks for the great night. You have no idea how much I enjoyed it." 

He patted my ass one more time as I walked out. 

As I walked to my car a smile came over me, knowing how much pleasure I had given to another man by letting him take my anal virginity. It was something I never thought I would do, but damn, it was the most amazing thing I had ever done.