 This is my first erotic story I've done, so I am sorry for any errors. Please give me feedback, just don't be too harsh please lol. Tell me what you think and ideas are always welcome. 

*

Apollo was devastated, Hyacinthus was dead! He cradled Hyacinthus' cooling body in his strong arms, tears running down his face landing on Hyacinthus' beautiful and peaceful face. He was just tricking Apollo, he couldn't really be dead. They had so much more to live for, they were in love for Aphrodite's sake! If this was some sick joke of Hyacinthus he was going to kill him after it was over. But he knew better, Hyacinthus couldn't pull off something like this, even if he had Hermes' help. Damn this world! For all it's tragedy. Damn the Gods to Tartarus and Pandora with her fucking jar. Why would you ever give a dumb ass tart like her something so dangerous like that? He wanted to stuff one of Zeus' lighting bolts up one of their asses. 

Apollo laid Hycinthus' now cold body in a golden sarcophagus he saw in Egypt when he visited Set's bed. They were in love! Apollo had finally fallen in love and now it was gone. In Apollo's anguish and turmoil he vowed to do everything in his power to bring him back. Zeus wouldn't allow for it if he knew what Apollo was up to, but he was too busy fucking mortals senseless. If it had two legs his dick was bound at some point to be between them. Apollo decided his uncle, Poseidon, would be a good place to start, considering Poseidon disregards all of Zeus' commandments. 

Apollo wore only a skirt, not a woman's skirt, but an athlete's. A toga without a chest piece and shorter. It stopped mid-thigh white as a cloud with a belt, woven of gold to accent Apollo's skin and hair, to keep it on. Of course Apollo had no underwear on, he never did. As Apollo swaggered into Poseidon's castle, Triton looked at Apollo with a burning lust as hot as the sun, but Apollo was on a mission to entice Poseidon. 

Apollo had no qualms with trading his body for something he wanted. He would even give giants and Cyclopes his body. They filled him completely, it felt like a muscular arm inside home and he very much enjoyed that. Since he was a god his ass stretched to inhumanly limits and always went back to being as tight as a virgin. 

When Apollo entered Poseidon's throne room, he found Poseidon sitting in his throne, legs spread apart to the point where you could see his sack hanging low. He was talking to a bubble with what resembled Hades' face in it, they must be Iris messaging/calling. Poseidon waved his hand over the bubble and as he did so it popped. 

As soon as Poseidon noticed Apollo, his eyes widened and cock twitched. Apollo asked Poseidon in a rich voice, "How can I get my dear Hycinthus back?" Poseidon replied in a husky baritone, "Even if I had any idea, what are you willing to sacrifice in exchange?" Apollo hoped those rumors about Poseidon's love for boys were valid, because if not he was screwed. But Apollo had a trick up his sleeve. 

Whenever Hyacinthus and Apollo had sex and Hyacinthus' seed got on the ground Apollo would make it grow a Hyacinth flower, so even when Hyacinthus departed to Hades' realm, Erebus, a part Hyacinthus would still be alive on earth. When Hyacinthus' blood was spilled, Apollo did the same with his blood. Before departing to Poseidon's kingdom in the Mariana Trench, Apollo had picked a Hyacinth blossom, turned it to gold, and put it in his hair. 

Apollo ran his hand through his hair "accidentally" knocking the golden blossom out of his hair onto the Mother of Pearl floor. He turned around and bent over to pick up the blossom as he did this his bare ass was left exposed to Poseidon's full view. As Apollo picked up the golden blossom he transformed it into an eight inch butt plug and then shoved it into his ass in one fluid motion, with his bubble butt waving in Poseidon's face. Apollo let out a moan, Gods how he loved that burning sensation of being stretched. He turned around when he heard Poseidon's breath hitch, and then asked Poseidon if his ass would be enough. Poseidon just nodded and said in a husky voice, " Your body is mine until sunrise." Apollo groaned inwardly, 'that is almost 8 hours from now,' he thought. 

Poseidon got up and tapped his trident three times in quick succession, the sea shell throne shimmered, closed, and reopened now instead of a throne it was a corridor. Poseidon walked through and was gone, he then yelled for Apollo to hurry and follow him. Apollo went in and not seeing Poseidon, almost ran into his chest. Poseidon tapped his trident and the shell closed and the passage was hidden again, but Apollo could hear the shell reopen probably back to being a throne. Apollo followed Poseidon down the corridor.....

*

More coming later!! Please share any ideas, comments, or feedback you have, I would love to hear them so you can enjoy the story more. Also let me know if you want more background and history of the characters.