 I don't know when it all started, my loving to look at men's cocks. It probably started out of curiosity to see if other men's cocks were bigger than mine. I have over seven inches of man-meat swinging between my legs so I am not ashamed of what I have, it was just I liked to see what the other guy was packing.

But just catching glimpses of cocks in restrooms or showers at the gym was not enough. I wanted to see how big they were hard. So I moved my watching to adult theaters. I would set in the balcony so I could look down on the seats below. I was never very interest in the girly movies, I just liked to see the hard cocks when the men below would take them out and jo or let some one suck them off. Man I got to see some beautiful cocks of all sizes, but the only problem was I was so far away; I wanted to see them up close.

That's when I got the bright idea to go to a gay movie theater and watch the action there. Boy did I ever get to see some action. I got 'hit' on a lot by guys wanting to suck my cock but I would just ignore them and go on with my cock watching. Man I really got to see some big cocks up close. I also got to see some very hot cock sucking too. At first this never affected me, but after awhile I got so I did not want to see a cock unless it had a man's lips wrapped around it. Man this got to where it really turned me on. I would rush from the theater and go home and jerk-off just thinking about those cocks getting sucked.

At this one theater there seemed to be a lot more action than at the others. I sort of become a regular there and that was my undoing. All the other regulars got use to seeing me just watching and never letting anyone suck my cock or (perish the thought), me ever sucking any cocks. Also instead of going home to jerk-off, I started using the end stall in the bathroom. I would go into the stall and take my shirt off (so I could pinch my nipples), drop my pants and then jerk my cock as I dreamed about all the cocks I had saw sucked. 

Then one day my life got changed forever. I arrived at the theater and took my usual seat almost at the back. The action was good that day, it seemed almost as if the other men were going pout of their way to let me see their cocks and to watch them get sucked. One guy sat right next to me and dropped his pants. Man his cock must have been nine-inches long. He stroked it a few times right in my plain view and then another man pushed in front of me with his hard cock hanging out of his pants. He paused in front of me for a few minutes giving me a close up view of his big cock. It too was about eight or nine-inches long with a bell shaped head that was shinny from leaking pre-cum.

After pausing to give me an eye full, he kneeled in front of the man next to me and started sucking his big cock. Man I could see this guy's cock drooling as he sucked the man's cock next to me. He really knew how to suck cock. He would kiss and lick the shaft and then he would take the cum drooling cock-head into his mouth. I was so close I could see his jaws sink in as he sucked on that big love-pole. Several times he took the whole cock down his throat. Boy what a cock - what a cocksucker!!

All this was too much for me. With my hard cock sticking out of the leg of my shorts I made a beeline for the bathroom. I rushed into the end stall and hardly noticed that the door lock had been removed. I quickly shed my shirt and dropped my shorts. Pinching and pulling on my nipples I went to work on my rock hard cock. I had just made the first few happy strokes when my stall door was pushed open.

Standing there and staring at me was four of the men (including the two that had been next to me) from the seat row where I had been setting. All of the men had their big cocks hanging out. "Look here, Bill," exclaimed one of the men. "Looks like we caught us a real pervert."

"Sure enough, Dave" agreed Bill. "This is the pervert that likes to look at cocks and watch them be sucked. No wonder he don't want his cock sucked - he wants to play with his peter all by him self."

"Yeh," agreed the other two men, pushing into the stall. "What's the matter boy? Don't want your cock sucked? Don't want to suck cock?"

"Look at that!" exclaimed Dave, "This pervert still can't keep his eyes off our cocks..."

He was right. Even though I was scared, as I stood there with my hard cock still in my hand, my eyes were glued to the big cocks around me. 

"Let's see what else he likes boys," said Bill stepping a little closer to me as two of the other men moved to each side of me where they quickly grabbed my arms.

"Wh...leave me alone. No...don't...pleaseeee..." I begged as Bill took hold of my cock and for the first time in my life I felt another man's hand besides mine on my cock. Also there were two strange hands pinching and pulling on my nipples.

My body took on a life of its own. My nipples became aroused like they never had from my playing with them. They stuck out farther and were harder than they had ever been. What's more, at the touch of Bill's hand on my cock, it grew harder and started drooling pre-cum like it never had before. 

My very insides came alive to erotic sexual feelings I had never felt before...in short I was on fire with sexual delight never before known to me. In just a moments time I had went from thinking about sex to experiencing true sexual exhilaration. 

"Ohhh...fuckk...ohhh...ahhh...so goodddd..." I moaned as they caressed my body and pinched, and pulled on my nipples while Bill slowly stroked my cock.

When Bill slipped to his knees and took my cock into his hot mouth I almost cum right on the spot. "OHHH!!" I screamed. "Oh yesss...oh suck me pleaseeee!!! YES!! Pinch my nipples...pull them offff...ohhh yess!"

My cock had never felt anything as hot and as wonderful as Bill's hot mouth. Although this was my first time feeling a man's mouth on my cock I knew it would not be the last. Bill would lick awhile, kiss awhile, deep-throat me and tongue my cock head as he held it tightly in his mouth.

Never had I known such extreme passionate sexual heights. "OHHHH FUCKK I'M CUMMING," I shouted as my cock and balls emptied the largest load of cum I had ever unloaded straight into Bill's hot sucking mouth. 

When one of the men said, "See what you been missing?" I was so weak I just sagged against the two men holing my arms and could only nod my head yes.

When Bill stood up smiling he stated, "Good huh?"

Getting my breath back I whispered, "Yesss!!!!"

"Want to touch these cocks you been watching?" Bill asked and with out waiting for an answer he took my hand and placed it on his hard love-pole. 

When my hand touched his cock erotic lighting run through me causing me again to moan, "Ohhh...so hot...so hard...OH YES!"

Still smiling at me Bill put his hand on my shoulder and slowly pushed me to my knees in front of him. "Here, get a close look..."

And man did I get a close look at his beautiful cock. It was just inches from my face. I still cannot get over the extreme happiness I felt as I kneeled there holding his cock just inches from my face. Without a word being said my new sexual lust took over and I leaned forward and kissed my first cock. As my lips tasted his cock my own cock jumped with joy and desire rushed through me filling me with cravings afore unknown. I not only wanted to look at his cock, touch his cock, I wanted to taste his cock and see if sucking was as good as being sucked.

As my mouth closed over its first cock I quickly found sucking cock is the most wonderful feeling of all. Man I took to sucking his cock like a duck takes to water and the 'water' I wanted was Bill's cock's love juice. I did all the things he had done to my cock plus a few more. I would lick and kiss his cock and then rub it all over my lips and face. I would then take his beautiful cock head in my mouth and tongue it and suck it. 

Much to my delight Bill tilted my head back and started really fucking my face. On each inward stroke a little more of his cock would go into my throat. I wanted his cock deep in me so very much that when it slipped all the way into my throat I almost cum on my self. I could not believe it...I was impaled on a real cock...I had a man's cock deep in me. Boy I really went to work on his cum giver then. I wanted to taste my first cock's milk.

"Ohhh...fuck..." moaned Bill. "Soooo fuckingggg goodddd...OH FUCK SUCK ME!! I'm going to cum!"

And boy did he ever cum. His love juice shot in to my mouth so fast I never even had a chance to think about swallowing...I just did it and loved the thrill of drinking my first cock juice. 

As soon as I finished licking and cleaning Bill's cock the other men around me fed me their cocks. I hungrily took their beautiful cocks into my cock loving mouth and drained the cum out of them. I don't know how many cocks I sucked that first day but I know it was a lot of them because the word had spread through the theater that the "Watcher" was sucking cocks in the bathroom. I had got tired on my knees so I sat on the commode and enjoyed my feast of gorgeous cocks.

I knew no longer would I be happy just looking at cocks, now I wanted to hold them, kiss them, and suck the wonderful cum out of them...I was not a watcher...I was a cocksucker!! And suck cocks I did.

I also learned that Bill was the manager of the theater. He asked me if I wanted to go home with him. I readily agreed.

That night Bill brought me full circle. He gave me my first man kiss and became the fist to take my ass-pussy.

He had lubed his cock real good and lubed my ass but and my ass ring by finger fucking me. He then lay on the bed with his wonderful cock sticking straight up and had me sit on it.

"This away you can control how fast we go...plus I want to see your face as my cock slides into you for the first time," said Bill as he guided his cock to the opening of my ass-pussy.

"OH FUCK!" I exclaimed, as his cock head slid pass my ass sphere. "Ohhh...BILL...it hurts...Ohhhhh!"

"You don't have to do it if you don't want," replied Bill with concern in his voice.

"Nooo...yesss...I wa...I want to. Of fuck it feels so good...Ohhh yesss!" I moaned as the pain lessened and a new sexual pleasure started racing through my body. 

Little by little I slipped down on his cock till it was all the way in. I had my ass full of his wonderful cock. I was ecstatic. My cock that had wilted from the pain now was becoming hard again. Then filled with Bill’s cock and my new found desire to be throughly fucked till my ass over ran with cum, I began slowly raising up and down on the hot cock lodged in my ass. The more Bill’s cock rubbed my prostate the hotter I became.

"Ohhh...I'm so full...Oh Bill fuck me...fuck me, take my ass...take my cherry...fuck me hard!" I begged over and over. "Oh fill me...make me your whore! OH fuck my ass hard PLEASE!!!" I begged as I joyfully rode my first ever cock.

Bill quickly rolled us over till he was on top with my legs pushed back almost beside my head. "YEA!" he shouted, "I am going to fuck you like the pussy you are...ohhh so fucking tight...so fucking good. Take that cock slut!!! Yea boy!! Fuck me back with that hot hole!!"

Man Bill fucked me like the bitch pussy I was. I held Bill tightly as I shamelessly humped my ass against the onslaught of his cock giving me the fucking of my life. I might be sore for a month, but I wanted to be fucked hard tonight and I wanted to enjoy every thrust of his cock as it pounded my virgin ass. When Bill let my legs slip off his shoulders, I wrapped them around him as I humped, screamed for more, and twisted on his cock like the cock hungry whore I had become. I wanted him to fill my ass with his man juice. 

And fill me he did. I can still feel that first feeling of my no longer virgin ass receiving its load of hot cum. Just as Bill’s cock filled my ass with its first load of man cum my own cock shot off spraying us both. Bill had fucked me completely to completion. 

Never had I ever experienced the erotic utopian sexual satisfied feelings that now coursed through my cock satisfied body. "Damn, " I exclaimed, "You have fucked the cum right put of me...oh fuck Bill it is soooo goood...so goooddd! Never have I been so satisfied – keep your cock in me PLEASE!!!" I cried over and over as Bill held me tightly kissing my cock sore lips that just this morning had never tasted a cock..

I moved in with Bill. He was not only the first one to suck my cock and the first cock I had sucked, he was the first to kiss me and to fuck me. He was and is still my first love. I work for him. I am his restroom attendant at the private restroom in his theater. The only clothing I wear is a collar around my neck that says, "Attendant, property of the management.

Now, not only do I get to watch cocks, I get to hold cocks, suck cocks, fuck cocks and do whatever is needed to help with cocks. If you need to pee I will take your cock out and hold it while you pee. I will shake it for you, jerk it off for you, kiss it for you, suck it for you, or fuck it for you...I am your cock attendant. The only thing I will not do is go home with you. I go home each night and sleep with Bill's cock in my mouth or in my ass. You see I am Bill's cock-boy.

Thanks for reading my stories and writing me.