 I was always bi-curious but it wasn't until my 40s that I really started exploring. I sucked a handful of cocks through glory holes but never had the chance to fully worship a cock and balls. During a trip I placed an ad on Craigslist and agreed to host in my hotel room so I could have all the time needed. A guy in his mid-40s with a nice 7" cock, cut and shaven, responded and agreed to stop by. When he pulled in the lot I texted him my room number. I waited in the room wearing a t-shirt and my underwear. I was so excited I could hardly contain myself. Finally the knock at the door and I open it. I had only seen a pic of his cock so it was nice to see he was a decent looking guy. I invited him in and directed him to the sofa. I asked him to stand while I took of his shorts. He kicked off his sandals and I knelt in front of him, the moment of truth so close. 

I slowly ran my hands over the front of his shorts and felt his nice bulge underneath. I unbutton his shorts and run the zipper down, his shorts drop to the floor. Now I can see the outline of his cock in his underwear. I toss his shorts to the side and go back to slowly rubbing on his cock through his underwear. I even lean in and kiss the hidden head of his cock, aching to release it. Slowly I pull down his underwear until the base of his cock is exposed. I start kissing along the length of his soft cock as I slowly pull his underwear off. The anticipation is driving me crazy. Finally his gorgeous cock is free, what an incredible sight. I toss his underwear aside. I just want to suck his cock like a madman but I force myself to take my time. My lips finally reach the tip and I give it a gentle kiss brushing my tongue ever so slightly over his cum hole. His cock pulses and he moans. Providing him the ultimate pleasure and tasting his seed is my goal.

I tell him to sit on the edge of the sofa. I can actually sit on the floor and his gorgeous cock and balls are right in front of my face. I gently cup his nice shaved balls in my hand as I wrap my fingers around his now semi hard manhood. I lay his cock on his stomach as I lean under and start to slowly kiss and lick his balls. You can tell he just showered. I work my tongue under the base of his balls and then kiss and lick them as I work my way back to the base of his cock. I go back and forth doing this for a while. Love how soft and smooth his shaven balls feel on my lips and face. I can feel his cock hardening in my hand. I work my way back to the base and begin to slowly kiss and lick up and down the shaft of his cock. Each time I reach the head I give it a soft kiss and let my tongue tease his cum hole. As his cock gets harder I begin to slide my lips up and down the sides of his cock as I gently cup and squeeze his balls. Finally I can't take it and pull my lips away to stare at his gorgeous almost fully erect cock just inches from my face. I lean in and give the nice mushroom head several soft kisses and licks and then slowly slide it in my mouth. It is such an incredible feeling as his cock slides into my mouth to the back of my throat. I haven't yet learned to deep throat so I have to stop when I feel I'm going to gag. 

He is lying back on the sofa explaining how incredible my mouth feels on his cock. I continue to slowly slide his cock in and out of my mouth feeling every inch of his soft skin as it slides across my lips. I can tell my own cock is leaking now. It is such a euphoric feeling pleasuring such a gorgeous cock with my mouth. His cock is now soaked with my saliva. I wrap my fingers around it and slowly run them up and down the length. I love the feel of another man's cock in my hand. I slide my lips back down to his shaven ball sack as I gently stroke his cock with my hand. My fingers are all wet and I slide them back until I find his tight ass and begin to tease his tight hole with my fingers and gently stroke between his ass and his balls. I again move back to his cock alternating between slowly sliding my lips along the side of his hard cock and licking his tight balls and taking him in my mouth. I push his hard cock to the back of my throat as my tongue slides along the length until I force myself to gag on his rock hard cock. 

He begs me to pick up the pace but I won't. His cock is under my control and I'm going to make this last. I slowly move my wet lips up and down the shaft of his rock hard cock as my tongue dances along the length. My fingers tease his ass as one gently pushes just inside. I cup his balls and now I can taste his sweet pre-cum. I pull off and gently squeeze his cock and watch a drop of his pre-cum form on the tip and slowly lick it off. Mmmmm. This makes me ache!! I return to my slow and deliberate sucking of his gorgeous rock hard cock, my lips and tongue feeling every vein throbbing along the length. I've been licking and sucking him for a while and can now tell he is getting close. His cock is rock hard and his balls are tight. His hand is on the back on my head trying to make me move quicker but with no success. I stop every now and then to push my tongue into his hot little cum hole. He is now aching for release but I will not pick up the pace. I can tell as he squirms on the edge of the sofa pushing his ass against my finger as it slides a bit deeper inside. He now has both hands on the back of my head trying to force his cock into my throat. I have my other hand wrapped around the base of his cock so he can't force his cock too deep in my throat but I'm close to having it all in my mouth. As I continue my slow sucking I can taste more pre-cum leaking from his cum hole as he gets closer to his orgasm.

Now he is tense and moaning that he is going to cum. My finger applies a bit more pressure on the inside of his tight ass as I cup his balls tighter and tighten my lips and fingers around his rock hard cock. I continue sliding my lips slowly up and down his hard shaft and over his mushroom head as he tries to thrust his hips against my mouth. His fingers tighten their grip on my head and he tries to push his rock hard cock down my throat. I continue to slowly suck and stroke his cock. I feel his ass tighten around my finger and the pulse of his cum vein as his cum begins to shoot into my mouth. I feel his seed being pumped into my mouth, squirt after squirt, as he moans loud. 

Such a sweet salty taste I nearly cum myself as I squeeze his cock hard with my lips and fingers to get every drop. It seemed like five or six good squirts as I swallow my reward. I stop sucking and just hold my mouth over his still pulsing cock as my hand gently squeezes and strokes just the shaft. I know at this point his beautiful mushroom head is too sensitive. Finally when I feel he is done I ease my finger from his ass and slide my mouth off his still hard but softening cock. I squeeze out the last drops and watch them form on the tip and lick them from his cum hole getting a finally taste of his precious seed. My lips are warn and my jaw is tired but I wish I could do that all night. I have a big wet spot in my underwear as I get up to get him a towel. He is now lying back on the sofa breathing heaving saying that was the most intense orgasm he has ever had. I'm smiling from ear to ear.

I retrieve a towel and go back and once again kneel in front of him to wipe up all the saliva from his cock and balls. I see another drop of cum has formed at the tip of his now soft cock and I gently lick it off. He tasted wonderful, wish he could give me another load but he says he is completely spent. He dresses and thanks me. He tells me to call him the next time I'm in town. He heads out the door as I pull off my wet underwear and lie on the bed to pleasure myself as I replay my first true worshiping of a gorgeous cock and balls.