 This is the second part of a three-part series. As with the part one, this is a true story. This part is called Cock-Crazed. I had become familiar with man to man sex, but suddenly I seemed to find it everywhere. One day, I was on a business trip in a city several hours from home. I had completed my business day and impulsively stopped at an adult bookstore to watch a few mini-porn flicks. When I entered the video booth and locked the door, I immediately saw a hole in the wall of the booth. As I started watching a flick, through the hole in the wall came a short but thick cock twitching taut, its reddish-purplish head glistening pre-cum. I felt compelled to take it in my mouth, and I took it entirely in, my lips stretched wide around its thick base. The salty-tasting cock quickly pulsed in my warm wet mouth and spasmed cum into my throat. I swallowed again and again, the thick white goo gurgling into my throat, tasting like buttered mushrooms. 

The cock pulled away from the hole and I returned to watching a flick, although I turned it to one where two men were sucking each other's cocks. I heard the booth door next to me unlock and open, and the man left. I heard some whispering in the hallway, then the booth door next closed. Within a few seconds, I saw another cock come through the hole, smaller in width, but a little longer than the first one. I bent down to the cock and took it partially into my mouth. The cock pulled away. I heard a voice from the booth say "I want your other hole." The cock came through the hole again, and I began twirling my tongue around its head. The cock pulled away. "Your other hole, your other hole," a voice said from the booth. I unzipped and unbuckled my pants and slid them to my ankles. I shimmied to the wall and bent down so my ass was centered on the hole. I spread my ass cheeks with my hands and thrust my ass to the hole. I felt a wet finger massage my puckering asshole, then slip in to the knuckle, slowly wriggling. The finger pushed way into my hole, and I began stroking my own cock. I felt the finger slide out, then I felt two fingers push into my asshole and they began moving in tandem back and forth from my balls to my ass. 

Back and forth, the fingers rhythmically moved deep inside me, and the burning sensation pressuring my prostate began to surrender to a feeling of being filled with pleasure. The fingers would not let loose of my mancunt, and my anal sphincter gripped them at the base. I stroked my five and half inches of hard cock in rhythm with the fingers waving inside my gripping mancunt, and I could feel the spasms building deep inside me. 

Suddenly the fingers pulled out and a voice whispered, "brace yourself." I felt the fingers thrust quickly inside my hole again, and I could feel the burning pressure again now, as another finger, and then another wriggled into my hole. I could feel my anal sphincter stretch to take a thumb, and I stopped stroking my cock, to stretch out my arms and put my hands on the opposite wall to brace myself. My mancunt pushed out as the whole hand thrust in, and my pussyslit gripped tight around his wrist. I was stunned, and full, and burning, and pulsing as the huge piston-fist slowly moved in and out of my inner man space. My cock shrunk with the anal assault, but I could feel a strange pulsation building deep inside me. My mancunt began to quiver, then I began to shake, and wave after wave of orgasm pulsated inside me, and my small cock oozed thick white sticky cum. 

A few weeks later, my wife and I went on a vacation getaway. She is usually not that interested in sex, but she was interested in going to a clothing optional resort for sunning. We arrived late in the evening and decided to go to the sauna area. We went there without clothes, and she felt comfortable because it was night and no one was around. The sauna wasn't very hot, and after a while I laid flat on the upper bench and she laid flat on the lower bench. We were very much relaxed when a naked man came into the sauna, about six foot, completely shaved, with a large tattoo of a serpent on his groin, and the largest dangling cock I had ever seen. 

She began to get up, but he stopped her. "No need to get up on my account, neither one of you." He sat on the upper bench next to my head with his feet on the lower bench next to my wife's head. To my surprise, he started stroking his cock, and within minutes his cock was at least ten inches long, and several inches thick. I could smell his balls, and see very close to me his long, thick cockshaft, bulging bluish veins running the length of it towards the large head. 

My wife lifted up her head to see his cock close to my head. "Wow," she said, "you have the biggest cock I've ever seen." 

"That's your fantasy, honey," I said. She quickly responded: "You don't really know what my fantasy is, Mark, but it does involve a huge cock!" To my amazement, she got up on her knees, and kneeling on the bottom bench, she put her hand on the man's cock, and guided the snake to my lips. "Take it in your mouth, Mark, and suck it." The man was kneeling now in front of my head, his bald balls dangling in front of my eyes like two pool balls in a cloth sack. I stretched my head so I could reach my tongue to them. I licked his big balls as his fleshy club battered against my neck. 

"Take his cock, Mark." To my surprise, my wife put her hand to my head, and gently pushed my head down as my lips parted to become an o-ring tightening around the mid-shaft circumference of his ten-inch tool. He used it to fill me past my tonsils and probe into my throat. I felt suffocated, when my wife grabbed my head with both of her hands and pushed me into his cock, then pulled me back, then into his cock, then back. "Fuck his face, fuck his face," she chanted, as with each thrust I gagged on the slab, and was choked to tears. 

He said he could try another way and he pushed me back onto the bench, and put my legs into the air, and pressed his saliva-slathered cockhead into my twitching anal opening. "Oh my God!" my wife shouted as I groaned and he forced his thick meat into my hole. "Your body is swallowing a snake," she said as she held my legs up and apart and straddled my face, and ground her asshole into my nose. My own asshole burned and ached. I felt like I was splitting apart. I was being impaled and smothered. I could smell my wife's asshole, the scent, and I could feel his balls smacking against my ass, and I knew he must be inside all the way. He slowly eased in and out of my mancunt, pressing my p-spot, until his spasms of sperm gave me wet relief. My love tunnel quivered around the unyielding man slab and deep inside I had another strange type of orgasmic release I never thought possible. "Thank you Missus," he said, "for letting me fuck your man."

A month later, I went to a friend's house to help him fix his gutter. We had been friends for a long time. His wife and kids were at the mall, and he was trying to get a to-do list finished. I was holding the ladder while he climbed it, and as I looked up, I could see his cock and ball sack dangling between his legs from the side of the very loose and short gym shorts he was wearing. Coming down the ladder, the view was even better, and getting closer all the time. He was hairy, and he had huge balls, and an uncut cock about four inches flaccid. 

When he got to the ground, wearing only the gym shorts, beads of sweat were dripping from his chest. We were almost touching each other, and I could smell his sweaty armpits. He looked all around his back yard, then locked eyes with mine. "I've been waiting for this for a long time," he said, and to my shock, he pressed his lips to my mouth, and his tongue touched mine, and we began to frenchkiss. I felt my cock surge, and my deep inner space flutter, as he lowered me to the ground, tonguing my neck, kissing my face, frenching my mouth. 

He stretched his arm above my head, and pressed his hairy armpit to my face, and I licked it wildly. My tongue kept lapping the sweaty hairs down to the underarm skin. His manscent flared my nostrils. He did likewise with the other arm, and I responded again, and then he unbottoned my shirt, and with thumb and forefinger began slowly pinching and rubbing my nipples, switching side to side. He unbuckled my belt, unzipped my pants, and slid them off of me. 

I lay completely naked beneath him as he worked my nipples and frenchkissed firm and long. His warm wet tongue twisted around my mouth and entangled my tongue. He lowered his head to my cock and licked it slowly, drawing the pink flesh into his mouth frequently and gently sucking. "You have a great cokclit," he whispered. I never thought of it that way, but hearing it whispered to me sent tingles through me. I drew my legs up, and he kissed my body upwards, and slid fully on top of me. His hand wrapped around my five-inch cockclit, and he pumped as he worked my nipples. "Oooh Daniel," I groaned, as my cockclit flexed tight in his hand and a volcano of white cum spewed out. 

He quickly drew the cum to his own seven inch cock, and slathered it on the head and shaft, and wet my waiting love tunnel with the sticky seed. The reddish-pink cockhead pressed against my puckered hole and penetrated it, as my cocoa-pink anus at once parted and opened, spread and gripped. My nipples ached as Daniel continued like a machine to tweak them. As he slowly filled my fuck tunnel with his meaty lovemuscle, he began again giving me deep warm kisses, and I wrapped my legs up and around him and slowly thrust my hips to meet him. He kept slowly fucking me, deeper and harder, until I could feel an inner quiver, and a quickening pulsation in my rectum, and I groaned with pleasure. "Take me Daniel, take me," I panted, and then I exploded in the rhythms of ecstasy. He thrust one final time, and we locked eyes, and I felt a flood of warm wetness throughout my inner space. "I've wanted you for ten years, Mark, and it was worth the wait," he said. 

Later that same month, I went on a weekend fishing trip with my father-in-law, Jack, and a three of his friends. After we unloaded, and got settled into the cabin, we sat around and drank beer. The conversation somehow turned to sex, and Jack told the others that I had no problem with sex because I could suck my own cock. The others wanted to see me do it, but I told them I could do it when I was much younger but not now. I was feeling bold and partially drunk, so I added, "But I'll suck your cocks if you want me too." No one needed any further invitation, including Jack. All four men stripped completely naked, so I did too. 

One man, the oldest, about 70, Jim, had a huge dangling fleshy cock, and he wanted to be first, so I obliged him. He stood in front of me as I sat on a chair, and I took his dangling fleshy cock into my mouth, meaty foreskin first, and pulled my lips up and down on it. He withdrew his cock from my mouth and laid down on the floor. I followed his cock to the floor and started sucking it again on all fours, my ass up in the air, and my face down at his groin. My cock started getting hard thinking about three men watching my ass, when suddenly Jack belted my quivering cheeks. I yelled loudly, and kept sucking, and Jack hit me across the ass with his belt again. The old man's cock started getting harder and larger with each crack of the belt on my ass. 

"Suck that cock you manbitch," Gary shouted. He was the youngest, and his cock was very short, but very thick, and he was stroking it steadily. My ass was stinging blood-red, and Gary was grabbing my hair, and forcing my head up and down, impaling my face on what turned out to be a nine inch cock, thick and salty, with a bulbous head fully emerged from the gloryhood. "Take that meat you whore, take that meat you whore," Gary chanted. 

Jack shoved a lubricated beer bottle into my dirty asshole without warning as one of the other men, Hank, sat on Jim's face. He took over from Gary and grabbed my hair and moved my head up and down on the veiny impaler as he straddled Jim's face and ground his mancunt into Jim's mouth. "Eat my ass slit, Jim-boy, eat it all," he said. "I know you like it!" Jack was fucking me with the beer bottle in and out, slick and smooth, ever faster. Gary opened a dark vial of poppers and made me sniff it. Warmth spread over me and went into my hard five-inch cock and into my impaled fuck hole. Jack pulled the beer bottle from my ass, and Gary forced me to sniff again and again from the poppers, and Jack pressed his oiled hand steadily into my body by way of my already opened anus.

Gary was pinching hard my nipples now, and Bill, who had been watching while stroking his six inch long, two inch wide cock, began stroking my cock. I was locked in a mansex machine, and my senses were reeling. Up and down I went on Jim's cock, as Jack punished my rectum raw with his hand, as Bill milked my cock rhythmically, as Gary pinched my nipples, as Hank stroked his own cock right in front of me as he ground his asshole into Jim's face. I could see Jim's tongue twirling into Hank's hole. My cock twitched and my anal opening pulsed and Jim's cock was shooting thick white cum into my throat and Hank was spurting cum onto Jim and my mancunt began convulsing in ecstasy with each spasm of sperm I spewed. Jim kept pumping cum into my mouth. 

Later that same week, I stopped at a rest stop off Route 250 close to home. I had to piss badly, but when I bounded into the men's room, both the urinal and toilet were occupied. I waited in the corner. I couldn't see the man on the toilet, but I saw that the young man at the urinal was moving his hand up and down. I thought he was stroking his cock. The man on the toilet told me that if I just had to piss, I could use the toilet quickly. I went to the toilet. 

"Hi Mark," said the man to my surprise. It was my Dad's boss. He spread his legs apart, and I could see his very long, thick cock. "Piss between all this," he urged. "But I...." I stuttered, and he quickly said "I know why you are here you cock-sucker!" "Take out your cock!" I took my cock from my jeans, and I drew closer. He reached his hand out, took hold of my small cock, bent his head down, and opened his mouth. "Go ahead," he said, "fill me with piss." I started to piss into his mouth. I couldn't believe that I was doing this with my Dad's boss. By this time, the young man at the urinal had come to watch, still stroking his six-inch pink pole. The golden stream seamed endless as he swallowed every drop, and I could see him stroking his very hard cock with a dark red mushroom head. 

He let loose of my ever-growing cock, and motioned for the young man to come towards him. He parted his lips and took all of the six-inches of cock flesh into his mouth and throat. He sucked a short time and the young man began breathing heavier. He withdrew his cock and my Dad's boss opened his mouth wide so we could see a mouthful of thick white manjuice. He stood up, his pants down, and his huge horse cock fully erect, and kissed me fullforce on the mouth, spitting the cumload into my mouth. The scent and warmth of the cum excited me, and I swallowed it greedily. 

I confess that my Dad's boss had the biggest cock I had ever seen; so big, in fact, that it looked frightening. "Now I've sucked your cock, so I want you to watch the door," he told the young man. "If anyone drives up, then tell me, and walk out, and get out of here." The young man said he would stand guard. Then my Dad's boss turned to me, and ordered me, "Mark, strip off your pants, and bend over, and hold your ankles with your hands." I did as directed, and my ass was high in the air, when my Dad's boss spread my cheeks, and put very wet slippery oil on my dirty puckering manhole. "Relax, Mark, and breath, and I will penetrate you very slowly until I am at your center," he said calmly, as I felt the mushroom head up against my hole, and my o-ring start to stretch, and the bulbous head pop inside my anal tunnel. "I am going to fuck you." 

No more words were spoken. My Dad's boss very slowly penetrated through my anus and into my rectum, and very slowly pumped me. It hurt immensely at first, and pain seared through my mancunt. After awhile, it hurt less, and I reached with one hand behind me for a second to see how much of the cock was in me. He bent back to let my hand between us, and there was no part of his cock not in my hole. A rush of fear came over me, and I felt like I had to eliminate, and my rectum pushed out as his cock continued to pump against my prostate until I surrendered to its machinations. My insides seemed to be melting around the thick veiny meat, as he grabbed my hips and lunged one final time. I felt a hard spasm against my mancunt wall, and then another hard spasm, and then another. We stayed locked a long time, and the young man at the door finally spoke. "You really fucked him good, mister," he said. "You have a gigantic cock. Is he hurt?" 

For many months after that, I found out that most men, young and old, married and single, gay and straight and bisexual, enjoy man to man sex. Some like to suck, others like to get sucked; some like to fuck, others like to get fucked. Still others like it kinky, like drinking piss or using poppers, while others like it in threesomes or groups. Many, such as myself, like it all. Most men like cock, even my father-in-law and my Dad's boss. And for those many months, I continued to be cock crazed, sucking, fucking, and being together with other men for sexual pleasure. A few years passed, cock crazed, until I settled down slightly to become a man lover. But that is for Part Three.