 All characters featured in this tale are over Twenty Years of age.

*****

I'm finding my way around my strange new world. A small-town boy, a runaway lost in the city, with only my older Gentleman friend to guide and educate me in the ways of sexual deviance, my patron, tutor and confidante. It is to him that I owe my awareness that an obedient and well-trained submissive should serve his master without question. He's a mature and very dominant figure who controls every aspect of my life, who knows exactly how to treat me, testing my obedience to the limit.

We are in 'Isherwoods' together, a downtown bar, a place where drag-queens sing torch-songs on the small stage, and gender identity is blurred. I feel drab, dowdy and awed by their outrageous beauty, only my secret sexuality singling me out as part of their deviant world. When he gets to talking with a rough looking couple of guys, maybe construction workers from a nearby site. I tend to be shy and tongue-tied in company, so I don't contribute to the conversation, just sit there quietly sipping my drink.

Then my boyfriend introduces me, 'this is my faggot cock-sucker.' They snigger, and when I don't respond, he says, 'that's true, isn't it?' 

And I nod, then stammer 'yes'.

They're both leering at me now, sizing me up. They're unshaven and weather-tanned. The conversation resumes, although every now and then one of the two strangers glances across at me. Eventually my boyfriend turns to me, 'I've been telling these gentlemen that you have a throat of velvet, evolved by nature for the single purpose of pleasuring cock. They think I'm exaggerating. What do you think we should do about it?' I begin blushing, and look down at the floor. 'Maybe you should take them into the rest-room and show them just how slutty you can be?' 

I'm scared and nervous. Is he teasing me, or is he serious? He taps my bottom impatiently, 'greater love hath no man than this, that he crouch down and suck a cock for his friends, so c'mon, be a good boy. Go suck them off.' I can't believe what I'm hearing. He's barely known these two guys for twenty minutes.

I stand up uncertainly. They're laughing and joking. One of them reaches out and shoves me. I teeter towards the restroom, feeling frail and vulnerable beside their vibrant masculinity, they walk either side of me, as though making certain I'm not going to back out. Once through the door, there are a random guys at the urinals, a couple of drag-queens bitching and touching up each others make-up in the mirror, and two empty cubicles. I'm sure one of the queens watches in a knowing way as they shove me inside the nearest one, pushing me down into a sitting position on the podium, and stand facing me. 

I can't believe what's happening. There's foul graffiti scrawled on the walls, a glory-hole hacked into the partition, and an unpleasant odour. They unzip and shrug their pants down to their knees, producing two very large uncut cocks. My heart turns cartwheels. I'm breathless, hypnotized by the glistening wet glans, so inviting, so dangerous. The nearest of the two simply grabs hold of my head with his rough hands and rams his cock into my mouth with a force that makes my eyes water. It's hot pulsing urgency forcing my jaws apart, a momentary bitterness. I gurgle, and almost instinctively begin sucking at it, until the bitterness is gone. He's obviously been sucked-off by faggots before, he knows what he's doing. And I can't betray my Boyfriend by not carrying out his wishes. So I suck the fat cock that's invading my throat. His groin smells rank with unwashed sweat. After a few moments he draws back and his friend thrusts his cock into my mouth. With bleak acceptance I suck that too.

They're big - and yet mercifully not as big as my boyfriend, it's only the cramped space and the roughness of their assault that makes it more extreme. For a while they alternate, fucking my mouth in turn, laughing and grunting in a way that must surely be audible outside. And, despite myself, I'm getting undeniably turned on by now, drooling and sucking more enthusiastically, without restrain. I reach down to unfasten my own skinny jeans, releasing my aching erection from its cramped tightness. 'The little faggot's really getting into this' sneers one of them, a voice above my head, 'he's loving it,' while I reach out to fondle his fat balls, and he thrusts deeper into my throat making me gag and whimper. 'Oh shit' grunts the other one, and I know what's about to happen. 

I feel helpless, out of control. I don't even know their names. I don't want to know their names. They are not people, not individuals, just anonymous cocks. They're using me as fuck-meat. But that's so raw and exciting. There are voices from outside, they must hear what's happening, my humiliation, my debauchment by these two aggressive strangers? He seizes my head, thrusts deeper into me, and cums, filling my mouth with cloying bursts of spunk, his cock swelling, jerking and throbbing. I feel a panicky wave of suffocation, helplessly I suck harder, use my tongue, swallow as much of it as I can. Then he pulls out and instantly his friend is shoving into me, as though they've set each other off, and he begins spunking in new waves. I'm gurgling and moaning as he's grunting and swearing. I'm limp and used, a boneless thing. He draws back, breathing heavily, releasing his vice-like grip from me, and without prompting I lean forward licking, kissing and sucking both cocks as they lose their rigidity.

Back in the bar my boyfriend raises his glass, 'did he perform satisfactorily gentlemen?' 

They laugh. 'He's a greedy little slut, I don't think two spunk-loads is enough for him.' My boyfriend reaches out, there's a dribble of cum on my chin, he wipes it with his finger, and I suck it clean.

'You really must be more discrete' he scolds me, 'you'll be getting us a reputation in this establishment.' I smile at him, knowing I've earned his approval. Until the next time...

by

Tristan Trotsky