 To be honest, this wasn't my first time, but it's an amusing story. I was hitchhiking, I was feeling weary, I'd slept rough for two days and hadn't eaten too well either. I got sidetracked in Denver, although it's difficult to get sidetracked when you've got no particular place to go. I'd had vague ideas of heading west, for LA porn-land. The girl I was living with caught me jacking-off to Gay online Porn, and went crazy. Foul-mouth stuff I never thought I'd ever hear her say, calling me a 'fag, hey -- you wanna suck cock more than you want to lick my pussy.' Stuff like that. And I kinda thought well - I'm twenty years old, so why not? I've got that kind of look a certain type of Gay guy goes for, slender, young-looking with that barely-legal thing that they like. Bratty, long Punk-curls of blonde hair, but virtually hairless body, except for the pubes. I could do it, so why not?

This pleasant middle-aged guy in a Japanese car picks me up. He asks me how I'm doing, and I guess by the tone of my reply he more or less judges me right. As he's driving he keeps eyeing me up in a curious way, and at length he coughs as though he's building up to something. 

He says "Look kid, I don't want to offend you none, but it seems to me that you've got a bad need. Well, it so happens I have needs too which aren't being satisfied. Perhaps we can come to some mutually beneficial arrangement. Feel free to decline, and I'll respect that. We'll be pulling into a hotel stop-over. You come in with me, I'll get you a meal. We stay overnight. Only thing is, you suck my cock."

There was a long reflective silence. I could do with a meal. The hotel comfort sounds inviting. I can't bear sleeping outdoors one more night. So what the hell, I agree. He's as good as his word. It's an anonymous Holiday Inn sort of place that could be anywhere. An identikit hotel. Same corridor floor-plan, same carpets and lighting. Same complimentary cosmetic brands in the same bathrooms. Same population of bored transients, lonely and far from home. Their paths criss-crossing and intersecting across the continent. We eat.

And the sex? Well, I can deal with it. I'll never make Santa's 'nice' list, I've always had a nasty side. Just think of it as a trial Porn-run. If I'm ever gonna make that LA poolside Porn-land I must be up for anything and everything, everything that is, except being pissed on, and maybe that would depend on who it is doing the pissing. Although that's not a true professional attitude, I know. For a Porn pro they say 'you're gonna get pissed on' and you say 'where do you want me?' Well -- maybe baby. 

We go up to his room. It seems strange walking down that long corridor beside this guy I hardly know in full awareness that he's soon gonna have his cock in my mouth. Odd and unreal. But he also seems a little nervous and agitated, more so than I am, in an amusing way. So I undress, giving him every opportunity to see me naked, and take a shower, cleaning and sluicing my ass, just in case -- I know what guys are like when they get horny. When I come out the shower toweling myself off he's dimmed the lights to a soft twilight and he's lying on his back on the bed, wearing a dressing gown. Comically, as though he imagines that makes him look like some sophisticated Noel Coward figure. He's brought a bottle of cheap wine, and pours us both a glass. I ditch the towel, and he watches me as I reach out to accept the drink, then throws me a pair of girl's panties.

"Put these on."

I pose for him, acting it out, my genitals bobbing as I bend down to lift first one leg then the other, slowly pulling the flimsy thing up. They are tight, semi-transparent and edged in pink lace. My cock and balls soon clearly visible crushed up inside their tight restriction. I smile at him and let him look. He licks his lower lip in an agitated way, then fumblingly loosens the dressing gown chord, and pulls it aside. A point of no return. If it's now or never, it'd better be now. He has a nice firm circumcised cock. I smile at him reassuringly, sit beside him, take it in my hand and begin to wank it gently up and down its full length. It feels nice in my hand.

"Good girl" he says encouragingly. 

So I dip my head, lick its soft crown, kiss it in a lingering-moist way, slip the knob between my lips and begin sucking it. He rests his hands gently on the back of my head, then a little more firmly as he starts flexing his hips in that involuntary way that guys do when they're getting cock-sucked. I let my lips follow the silky smooth surface of his shaft as I ease more of it into my mouth. His erection is rock hard, yet velvety smooth against my lips. How can something be so hard and yet so incredibly soft at the same time? 

I brush a cascade of blonde hair aside so he can see what I'm doing to him. So he can see just how much of his cock is slithering between my lips and into my mouth. The visual side of a blow-job is important. Seeing me feeding that rigid monster smoothly into me until it's nudging up against the back of my throat. My tongue slithers intimately around the smooth surface of his bloated cock-head. I'm getting into it, it doesn't matter that he's a stranger whose using me, it doesn't even matter who he is, it's just raw dirty-sex, and that always gets me fired up.

It doesn't take too much time or effort until he warns me. "Watch out, I'm close".

I suck harder, he grunts and moans low in his throat, I can feel it pulsing up against my palette, and there's a burst of nourishing cum in my mouth. Not a lot of it, admittedly, less than I was bracing myself for. I swallow it, allow a little more courtesy suck-time, then lift my head, using the towel to wipe it clean.

"Thanks boy, you did that nicely" he says in a low husky voice.

"No problem, I enjoyed it" I tell him, not exactly untruthfully. 

Again there's a long, embarrassed pause. I take the opportunity of sipping his wine, then gulp it down and pour myself another. 

Then he says "Look boy, I know you're down on your luck. So I'm going to make another proposition, feel free to refuse if you like. I'm going down to the Bar. You stay here. I've got my phone, I've got contacts. With your agreement, I'll send up a couple of other guys. Acquaintances of mine. You do for them what you did for me. They pay me, and we split the proceeds. We all benefit. No-one's the loser."

At first I was a little taken aback. But I need the cash. It's a tempting offer. I've sucked him off, and it wasn't too bad. So why not? So I agree. He dresses and leaves the room. I lie on my back on the bed, naked but for the tight panties, watching a bit of TV. These are crazy days, what the hell am I letting myself in for? But I can taste the traces of his spunk on my tongue, despite the wine mouthwash. It doesn't taste too bad. Eventually there's a timid knock on the door. A guy, traveling salesman or whatever, comes in. 

"Wow, y-you look like my dirtiest wet-dream" he stammers.

"I'm no dream, come in and I'll prove it" I tease.

He doesn't even undress, just stands beside the bed I'm sprawled out on, and lowers his pants, hooks his thumbs into the waistband of his shorts, and pulls them down slowly. The exposed area of gut is enough to reveal a grizzled patch of greying pubic hair, then a small cock flops into view, its head shyly enveloped in a tight foreskin hood, and sadly limp to start with. I go in to suck him off. It does take a little longer. It takes me a while to even work him semi-stiff. In its soft state I can easily get it all into my mouth, sucking fiercely on it. But he's almost apologetically patient, and allows me to use my mouth on him until he achieves sufficient arousal. 

I almost feel sorry for him, this pathetic guy probably gets no sex in his life. This must be as good as it gets for him, a sleazy blow-job bought and paid for in an anonymous motel room. Finally, he goes into hyperventilation like he's having a heart attack, his knees buckle unsteadily, and there's a miserable dribble of spunk into my mouth. This is easy money.

Soon after there's a second and a third guy, and I suck them off too. These are not shaved-clean Porn types, they're blank-faced ciphers, middle-aged salesmen with mousey pubic hair and paunches. The third guy is balding and hasn't even showered, I catch the sour smell of his groin and taste salt-sweat on his cock. But my panties are now messily sticky-moist with leaking pre-cum, even more transparent than before, with my itchy erection uncomfortably curled inside it. 

Next two younger guys burst in together, erupting through the door. Street-hoodlums, only a few years older than me - early twenties maybe, they've obviously been drinking, and they're laughing in a crude raucous way. I watch with some trepidation as they both get naked, kicking off their trainers and pants, leering across at me and exchanging conspiratorial grins, and its soon obvious they're going to be demanded far more of me. It looks very much like I'm about to get myself partied! Well -- after the underwhelming sex I've had already tonight, it'll be a novelty. Like a seasoned pro I eye them up. They're not people, they're just cocks. In my mind they are 'Cut' and 'Uncut', nothing more. Tweedle-dumb and Tweedle-dumber.

With a playful roughness they shove me onto my back on the bed and the first one -- Cut, climbs up onto me, his knees straddling my chest, dangling his fat balls in my face, then grinding them across my nose. He turns around, simply angles his stiff cock downwards into my mouth, and shoves it in. As I strive to manage its oral invasion his friend is playfully pulling the panties off me so he can squeeze my cock and balls in a way that has me writhing and gasping. The guy with his cock deep in my mouth obviously enjoys my discomfort, chuckling as he's fucking my face in long hard squelching thrusts.

"Hurry up, give me a turn with the nasty slut" Uncut protests.

So reluctantly Cut pulls up out of my throat, dripping bubbles of saliva onto my face, so the other guy can take his place. The new cock bobs in front of my eyes, the tip brushing against my nose, leaving a wet smear. He's bigger, impressively big. I grab a deep breath through my nose, concentrating on relaxing my facial muscles, as he drives its flared head down between my pursed lips. My mouth strains like its about to rip at the corners. He flexes his hips forward in small persistent lunges as I feel the hot engorged head forcing its way deeper into my mouth. I gurgle and suck him as best I can, wriggling and squirming.

Cut sits on my legs, holding me down. Although it's not strictly necessary, it increases the rape-fantasy element of it. He flicks and slaps my own freed cock in an amused way, so it bounces this way and that across my stomach, hard enough for it to sting, but not so hard that it hurts, drooling strands of goo across my groin. 

"Which cock do you prefer in your dirty mouth?" said Uncut during a brief respite, his dribbling cock resting nonchalantly on my nose.

I was wary. Whichever I say will upset the other. I have to be careful. "Perhaps you'd better refresh my memory" I manage.

So they do. First one, then the other. After which they've forgotten the question. Until they decide its time to take turns up my bum. This is a little more than I was prepared for. It was scary violent sex, raw animal sex, but undeniably exciting too. And anyway, they're paying for this, aren't they? I'd agreed to it. And in a way, isn't this similar to the enticing online Porn I was getting-off on when my girlfriend found me with my pants round my ankles and my stiff cock bunched into my pumping fist? Sure it was. So I relax, and go with it.

They push me around onto my hands on knees on the bed. Uncut positions himself behind me, and I feel the sensation of his hot spit-lubricated cock-head forcing its way through the tight anal sphincter. I brace to receive it, then the sensation of his full length slithering deep into my rectum shocks through my body. I've been aroused and sexually on edge all evening -- how could I not be with all that sex taking place, and this just shoves me over. The tingling sensation in my body erupts, my dangling cock twitches and pulses and begins spurting spunk uncontrollably, every nerve ending in my body jangling with pleasure. I want this, want it in one long unpunctuated exhalation. 

I'm gasping and moaning, much to their amusement, my legs almost collapsing beneath me with the full force of orgasm. I feel myself trembling, the feeling is so intense I thought I was about to pass out. Cut moves around and abruptly stabs his thick cock back into my mouth, so they're fucking me from both ends, mouth and arse. At one point they switch me around, laughing and joking, by then I'm dazed, in a kind of erotic fug. I can smell my own sweat, feel soiled and used. Slippery with splashes of cum.

"Tell you what, this fucker sucks cock better than Peggy Johnson." A sneering voice above me. One of them.

"Tell you what, this fucker sucks cock better than Peggy Johnson AND her sister!" The second voice.

Midway through there's a timid knock on the door. Cut, the guy in my mouth hollers "Wait", only moments before he fills my mouth with rich bursts of cum. The first jet spurts powerfully in my throat as though he's trying to blow the back of my head clear off. As soon as the first shot deluges on my tongue, a second burst pulses just as forcefully. I'm choking on its viscous tide for long throbbing jerking moments. 

As he pulls away Uncut pulls out of my arse and thrusts his cock in at my face, forcing my head down onto it so he can also finish in my mouth. I catch a quick glance of its fat bulbous head, the slit-mouth flexing a second away from eruption like a landed fish. In his urgency he rams it in sideways, bulging my cheek out like a lewd pornographic cartoon as the first spurt hits me. For a second the inflamed knob-end swings free back out of my mouth so a second loop of jism cascades across my face. Then he achieves correct entry trajectory and sockets it so I feel the warm silky fluid hit the inside of my mouth. 

Once it's obvious they're both finally done I sit back shakily on the bed as aftershocks course through my body.

"Thanks sucker" they say, dress, and make to go.

As they strut out the door, there's another older guy standing aside there to let them pass. He looks at them with mild empty eyes, a little confused and embarrassed. He steps warily into the room. He must be able to smell the rich funk of sex in the air. See the rumpled bed covers messy with pools of moist ejaculation. The discarded panties in a soggy pile on the carpet.

"It seems you've got spunk on your face, young man" he says.

It's true, I have. I laugh and wipe myself, gooey strands of it transferred from my nose to my fingers. It breaks the ice. He undresses and sits back on the bed. I crouch down on the carpet between his splayed knees. He has a respectable circumcised cock. I manage to murmur a deep purr of satisfaction as I fully envelope its plum-sized head into my warm moist well-fucked mouth. After what I've just been subjected to, this is almost a soothing come-down. I pull backward so my lips lock tight beneath the glans ridge and he smiles down as I make gentle tugging motions against the sensitive spongy tissues trapped in my mouth. 

Grateful for his passivity, I want to make this good for him. I roll the saliva gathering on my tongue and swirl it all over the hot enflamed surface of his knob. Then simply concentrate on sucking him off deep and self-indulgently. When he begins to cum I just hold it in my mouth and let it happen, sucking more gently. He ruffles my hair in a show of gratitude. This time I raise my head and open my mouth so he can see his spunk there before swallowing it.

It's fair to say that none of the evening's sexual visitors were Gay, in fact, none of us for that matter. Simply opportunists, lonely and sexually frustrated, presented with the chance of a no-strings cum-in-mouth. A mouth is a mouth, after all. Who is to blame them? Certainly not me. We take our pleasure where we find it. I'd taken seven cum-loads. My jaw feels a mite tender, my bum-hole throbs, not unpleasantly. I feel giddy and spunk-drunk. I can feel it queasing in my gut. I brush my teeth and floss. I pour myself what's left of the wine and wash it around my mouth. But I can still taste spunk. Have I passed the audition...? I guess I have.

Eventually, the original guy returns. Will he expect more sex? I'm resigned to it if that's what he wants. Instead, he slumps down on the bed, he's had too much to drink, so we just sleep together, side by side. Over breakfast the following morning, before we part he begins counting out notes to me. Ten notes per guy. Forty notes. 

I was drinking cappuccino. "Four guys, hell no, there were six."

He acts surprised. "Look son, I can tell you this straight, I only sent up four guys."

"What about the two younger guys who came up together?" I protest.

"Sorry, I only sent up four guys."

I could tell he was being truthful. Who those two younger guys were I don't know to this day. They must have been watching, figured out what was going on, and decided to take advantage of the situation. Pragmatically, I shake his hand. Gratefully take my forty notes. We part at the freeway turn-off, and continue towards our separate destinations... until I find myself getting sidetracked by the next weirdness again.