 That Monday morning, for the first time in my life, I woke up in the arms of a dude. And not just any dude: he was the one I'd lusted for all this time, the one who'd made me realize I was gay, and the one I'd lost my man virginity to. I still couldn't believe I'd had a similar effect on him.

I'd assumed our little fling was just physical, but now I knew there was more to it. Part of me was nervous, because I didn't know where this was going. Another part wanted to stay like that forever; I felt totally safe with his arms around me.

Chad shifted his body, and I felt his morning wood press against me. I was tempted to play with him, but I resisted the urge. Instead, I just leaned over and kissed him.

Chad yawned and rubbed his eyes. "What time is it?" he asked.

"Seven forty-five," I said.

"What? You're shitting me."

"No I'm not," I said as I showed him my phone.

"Shit," he said as he jumped out of bed. "I've got an eight o'clock class. I need to run home and change—"

"No you don't," I said. "Just wear something of mine."

"For Christ's sake, Scott—"

"Nobody will know," I said. I got up and opened my closet. "Besides, we're about the same size... isn't that one of the perks of having a boyfriend?" I handed him a shirt.

Chad paused, then took the shirt in his hands. "So is that what we are now?"

"You tell me."

He looked around, as if he didn't want to be seen. "Well," he said, "we still don't need to say anything. Not publicly, at least. I've had enough to deal with—"

"I get it," I said. I tossed him a pair of shorts, and he put them on. They ended up fitting him perfectly. "You look hot."

"It feels weird," he said. "I'd never worn another dude's clothes. At least not like this."

"Well, I've never had another dude as my boyfriend. So I guess that makes us even."

Chad let off a nervous laugh. He tried to smooth out his hair, but it wouldn't cooperate, so I handed him a ballcap.

"Look at it this way," I said. "If you're still uncomfortable after class, you can always come here... and I can peel these clothes back off of you."

"Mm," he said as he kissed me. "I like the sound of that." Then he stepped into his flip-flops and hurried out the door.

I just stood there for a second, then plopped down on my bed. I reached down to Chad's dirty clothes, which were still lying on the floor. I held his pants to my face and inhaled his musky scent. I had to force myself not to do anything naughty.

My mind started swimming with all the shit I had to do. I was a little self-conscious about the hickey Chad had left, so I knew I'd have to be careful about what I wore. I also knew I'd need to get tested after the summer I'd had. I could've gone to the student health center for that, but I didn't have the nerve; I remembered how Chad had mentioned having gone somewhere else, so I made a mental note to ask him for details.

In the meantime, I went through my phone and deleted my hookup apps. Grindr was the first to go, followed by Jack'd, Hornet, and finally Scruff. By that point, I felt bad for having used them at all.

Eventually I showered and dressed, and I headed out to my first class. It was a philosophy course, which was required for my major but was totally uninteresting. To me, it was one more reason to switch majors, although I wasn't in the mood to deal with yet another life decision, and I still didn't know what I might want to switch to.

I spent that class basically lost in thought. On the one hand, I was pumped about me and Chad being a couple; I wanted to run off with him and live happily ever after. But on the other hand, I was scared of falling too hard too fast, especially since I'd been burned by him before. I knew he'd had his reasons for what he'd done, but I still didn't know what to think how he'd gone about it. Now the stakes were that much higher, at least in my mind.

I was starting to realize how complicated Chad really was, and I could only guess what was going to come next. I'd never been one to talk about my feelings, but at that particular moment, I was dying to get that shit off my chest. The problem was, I had no one to talk to, at least about that. I couldn't say anything to the Kap Eps— even Ryan or Marcos— and I'd hardly talked to my other friends in months.

I had just left class, and was walking past the quad, when I saw a flyer for Wildcat Pride. I knew this was a gay student group, but beyond that, I didn't know much about them. The flyer said they'd be holding a meeting that Thursday. I knew I wasn't ballsy enough to actually show up, but I was intrigued enough to want to know more.

I was about to look them up when my phone buzzed, and I saw a text from Chad: I feel like going to Giulia's for dinner. Wanna come?

I felt a little flutter in my chest, and at least some of my anxiety went away. Giulia's was the best pizza joint in town. I paused for a second, then typed out the words: Just you and me?

That's the idea, he said.

I debated how to respond. Finally I just settled on: That's cool.

Awesome, he said. I'll pick you up at 7. Sound good?

I took a deep breath. It's a date, I wrote, and then I hit "send".

I wasn't sure what to do next. After all, I'd never done any actual gay dating, so I wasn't clear on how it all worked. It did make sense for him to pick me up, since he had his own car and I didn't. I also assumed we wouldn't do any PDA, since neither of us were publicly out. But that was about all I knew.

I wasn't sure if one of us should be pursuing the other, or if there were other rules for us to follow. Even basic questions were confusing, like who would pay for dinner: should one of us treat the other, or should we just go Dutch? Should we open doors for each other, or could that come across the wrong way?

I almost felt like we should discuss it beforehand, but I also felt like that could be weird. Then again, Chad was just as new at this as I was, so I wasn't sure he had the answers either. Eventually I just quit worrying about it, and I decided we'd cross those bridges when we got there.

In the meantime, I did want to put my best foot forward. After my last class of the day, I headed back to my apartment, and I rummaged through my closet to pick out my outfit for the night. Then I stripped down and stepped in the shower.

I probably didn't need another shower, but I didn't want to leave anything to chance. I also needed to relax, and I knew it helped to jerk off before a date. After all, I'd spent the whole day thinking of Chad, so my hormones were already raging. I didn't want my horniness to get the best of me, at least not in front of him.

I didn't turn on the water at first. I just sat in the tub, spread my legs, and started playing with myself. I was already oozing pre-cum, which I smeared all over my cockhead. I ran my free hand down my chest, then made my way across my hips and thighs.

I gripped my cock as hard as I could. I kept thinking of Chad's ass, and how tight it could squeeze me. Finally I threw my head back and started pounding away. I could already feel my balls start to boil, and I couldn't help letting off a groan.

My mind was swimming with all the things Chad and I could start doing now. If all went well, we could both get practically unlimited dick: we could have quickies between classes, or we could spend whole nights having marathon fuck sessions. We could lie in bed and cuddle, or exchange pillow talk, or do whatever else we felt like. It seemed like the sky was the limit, at least in my mind.

It only took a few seconds before I got off. "Oh shit," I said as my body went rigid, and my jizz splattered all over the tub.

I just sat there for a minute. After I caught my breath, I got up and turned on the water. I cleaned myself up and stepped out of the shower. Finally I dressed, combed my hair, and sprayed some cologne. Then I waited.

Chad showed up right when he'd promised, at seven o'clock. He'd apparently cleaned up too: he was wearing a dress shirt, which struck me as a little out of character, but it looked good on him.

As it turned out, our dinner was totally casual. Giulia's was showing the Padres game, so we just watched it over pizza. I wasn't a huge baseball fan, and neither was Chad, but he felt duty-bound to root for his home team. The Padres were playing the Pirates that night, although it wasn't much of a fight; the Padres led for practically the whole game, and they eventually won 3-1. Chad told me this was unusual, since they didn't have a great record, so he'd take those wins whenever he could get them.

Chad did pick up the tab, but apart from that, we acted like we were just hanging out. There was no flirting or innuendo or anything like that. I figured anybody watching us would've assumed we were buddies. Maybe they could've pegged us as frat brothers— which of course we were— but that was as far as it went.

After we left Giulia's, that was when the real fun began. We'd barely made it to the car when our faces slammed together: Chad's tongue went right in my mouth, and my lips sucked on his. "I couldn't stop thinking of you all day," he whispered between kisses.

"The feeling's mutual," I said. I was leaning over the gearshift, which was kind of uncomfortable, but I didn't give a shit. "I want to just fuck you right here."

"That's what I'm talking about," he said.

I reached down for his crotch, and I fondled him through his clothes. He was every bit as hard as I was. "You know," I said, "I get excited every time I think of this bad boy."

Chad returned the favor and stuck his hand down my pants. But before we could go any further, a light came on right outside. We both looked over our shoulders.

"Shit," I said. "Let's get out of here."

"Hell yeah," he said. Without missing a beat, he pulled his hand away, put on his seatbelt, and pealed off down the street.

We were going so fast that I was afraid of hitting something. I practically had to hang on for dear life. I kept watching for cops, because I didn't want to have to explain what we were doing. But my heart was also pounding with excitement. I couldn't take my hands off Chad. I undid his fly and felt his bare cock.

"Oh fuck!" he yelled as he turned into a side street, pulled over, and skidded to a stop. Then, before I could react, Chad creamed his pants. His cum splattered all over my hand and soaked into his clothes.

I jumped with surprise. I couldn't believe he'd gotten off so fast. "Holy shit," was all I could say.

Chad let out a deep breath. "Woah," he said, "and that's after I'd already jerked off beforehand."

I licked my lips. "You beat off too?"

"Yeah." He grinned. "At the gym."

"W-wait a minute. What?"

"It's okay," he said. "I didn't do it in front of anyone. I was in one of the stalls."

I didn't know how to react to that. I was a little jealous, but I had to admit it kind of turned me on. "What if somebody caught you?"

"That wouldn't have happened... not unless I wanted it to. And there's only one person I'd want to have catch me." He put his hand on my cheek, and he moved in for a kiss.

I wasn't about to resist, so I moved forward to meet him, and we started making out. "So," I whispered between kisses, "is this a regular thing for you? Jerking off in public?"

"Dude," he said, "I couldn't resist. Not today. Knowing I was going to see you—"

"Neither could I," I said, "except I did it at home. By myself."

"Well, remember when we first met? Between those bullshit showers and the Kap Eps, I didn't exactly hear you complaining."

I couldn't argue with that. I just kept sucking his face. "You always know what to say to me...."

"I try," he said as he ran his hands down my back.

"I gotta admit," I said, "the idea of you whacking your walrus like that, especially at the gym... that's really fucking hot...."

"Maybe one of these days you should come in and join me."

"Oh fuck yeah," I said. I was so horny that I was afraid of shooting my wad too. Locker room porn was a huge turn-on for me, especially considering my fetish for group sex. The idea of doing that myself— or, rather, with Chad— was almost too much for me to handle.

Chad turned around and looked out the windows. The street around us was quiet and dark. Then he undid his seat belt and climbed to the back seat. "C'mere," he said.

I couldn't respond fast enough. I got up from my seat and climbed toward him. But before I could get into position, Chad pulled my pants and undies down to my ankles. Then he took my cock in his hands and started playing with it.

Chad leaned in and started sucking my balls. He ran his tongue up my shaft, then moved up to my face and made out with me. Then he gripped my dick and started jacking me off.

I loved the feeling of his strong hands on my pole. I grabbed the handles above the car doors, and I threw my head back. "Oh shit," I said.

Chad nibbled on my lip. "You like that?"

I just nodded. I enjoyed the ride for about a minute, but that was as long as I lasted. My whole package started to tighten up, so I knew I was passing the point of no return. "I'm about to cum," I said.

"Go ahead," he whispered. Then he kissed me again.

I tried to hold off for as long as I could. But within a few seconds, my body just couldn't hold back. "Fuck yeah," I said as I felt the tingling sensation overtake my dick. Then I finally blew my load.

Chad caught most of my cum with his free hand. He kept stroking me at first, then slowed down and finally stopped. "That's what I'm talking about," he said.

The two of us shared a nice long kiss. I savored the taste of Chad's tongue against mine. "That felt so good," I said.

Chad put his clean hand on my balls. "You got some more reserves in there?"

I grinned. "For you, baby?"

"That's my boy," he said. "Now lie down."

I wasn't sure what Chad was after. But I followed his instructions, and I got down on the seat.

"Now," he said, "you really need to fuck me." He stripped off the rest of his clothes. Then reached behind himself with his cum-covered hand, and he used my juices to lube up his hole. Finally he looked down at my cock, and he started playing with it. "I can't wait to have that in me."

Those words were music to my ears. "Then take it," I said.

Chad nodded, then climbed on top of me. He looked right into my eyes, then slowly lowered himself onto my cock.

I could feel Chad's fuckring move down my shaft. The sensation was weird at first— I was super-sensitive from having just gotten off— but then my member made himself at home.

Finally Chad rested his weight on my pubes. "That's what I'm talking about," he said as he gyrated his hips.

This time felt totally different from the sex we'd had before. It wasn't just the fact that we were doing it in the car. Everything about it was more intimate: after all, Chad was my boyfriend now, and I was his. When we made out, it was so much more tender than before, yet it was also more intense, even more so than the actual sex.

I wasn't sure if we were officially making love, partly because we'd never used that word with each other. But one way or another, we were in uncharted territory. We were both working up a sweat; the night was already warm to begin with, so within a minute or two, the car windows were starting to steam up.

"I'm all yours baby," I whispered in his ear.

Chad seemed to relish those words. I could feel his ass getting tighter as I fucked him. "Call me that again," he said.

"Oh baby...." It felt like second nature to call him that, as if I'd been doing it for years. I almost didn't want to use his real name anymore.

He leaned down and kissed me again. "Put your arms around me," he said.

The seat was so cramped that it was hard for me to move. But somehow I made it work. Our limbs went every which way, to the point that our bodies were completely tangled together. "God baby," I gasped as I pistoned into him, faster and faster. Then, finally, my cum started shooting again.

"Oh fuck yeah," he said. Chad's body shuddered, and a second later, his cock practically exploded. Globs of cum went shooting between us.

I kept thrusting for a little bit longer. Then Chad collapsed onto me and tried to catch his breath. His forehead was glistening, and a few strands of hair had stuck to his skin. I held his body like my life depended on it. His chest moved with every breath, and I could feel his heart beating. My own body felt blissful and serene. I had to admit I'd never felt like this before, and I didn't know what to make of it.

"Next time," he finally said, "we should do it at your place."

I put his hand on his ass. "As long as we can get there in time."

Chad didn't say anything. He just nodded and grinned.

At that point, it felt like we didn't have any cares in the world. I knew dating Chad would be an experience, so I was anxious to see what the future would hold. But even then, I didn't expect what the next few days had in store.

To be continued....