 Rush Week was a weird experience that fall. It was actually kind of nostalgic: the Kap Eps went through the same drill every semester, so it felt like we were re-living the time when Chad and I first met. The big difference this time— aside from us being a couple— was that we weren't newbies anymore. Now we were helping call the shots and deciding which of the rushees would get a bid. It was pretty hot to think we could send them through the same initiation we'd gone through ourselves. I couldn't wait to see those boys strip down, jack off in front of us, and do whatever else we made them do. 

Chad and I quietly scoped out the candidates, and we debated which of them we liked best. I'd never openly talked about another guy's sexiness, much less in front of my boyfriend, and neither had Chad. But behind closed doors, at least, we couldn't resist. 

"Drew seems cool," I said. "I talked to him the night of the BSU game." 

"You're just into those muscles of his." 

"So what if I am?" 

"Well, my vote's for that Justin kid." 

"The short guy?" 

"Yeah," he said. "He's got a helluva butt." 

"Do I need to be worried?" 

Chad scoffed. "Hell no," he said. "I never said I wanted to do anything with him. Except watch, which we're gonna do anyway." 

"I guess." 

"Besides, you've been checking out those guys as much as I have. You know how many times I caught you looking at Shane's bulge?" 

"Well," I said, "he looks like you." 

"Uh-huh," he said. "We'll have to see about that." 

"Maybe we will," I said as I gave him a kiss. 

We got so turned on that we were dying to fuck. But sex was practically impossible with the other Kap Eps around, so we stayed on our best behavior. Pretty much all we could do was beat off in the bathroom, and even then, we had to do it separately. 

Our only real one-on-one time was during the day, between classes, when we could sneak off to my place. It was during one of these sessions that a plain brown box showed up at my door. It took me a minute to realize what it was: it was the sex toy shipment we'd ordered. I snatched it up as fast as I could, hoping my neighbors hadn't seen it. I shut the door behind me, and I tore the box right open. 

There was a bunch of stuff in there, from cockrings to jockstraps to an anal wand, but I was most excited about the custom dildo kits. I'd really gotten to like our vibrator, and I wanted to take our adventures to the next level. "Oh hell yeah," was Chad's reaction too. 

We didn't waste any time putting the dildo kits to good use. It was a pretty messy process: we had to mix the molding powder with water, then stick our boners in it. We'd heard the trickiest part was staying hard long enough for the molds to set. But at that point, we were so horny that we didn't have much trouble. We didn't want to leave anything to chance, so we made out while we waited, and we fondled each other's asses. I was dying to touch Chad's package, but since I couldn't, I focused on his other erogenous zones: I sucked on his nipples and earlobes, then ran my hands across his body. 

Eventually we pulled out of the forms and poured in liquid rubber. We were supposed to let them harden overnight, so we set them aside; in the meantime, we had needs to attend to. 

"Lie down," I whispered. "I've been dying to get your dick in my mouth." 

"It's all yours," Chad whispered back. 

I could barely control myself as I got on my knees and started slurping away. He tasted funny at first, but as my lips and tongue cleaned him off, his familiar taste came back. 

I was about to reach for one of our toys when I heard a ping. Apparently an alert had come through on my phone. I ignored it at first, but then I heard a second ping, then a third. 

Chad apparently heard it too. "What the hell is that?" he asked. 

I sighed and got up off the bed. I rummaged through my clothes for a second, then pulled out my phone. The alerts turned out to be totally random. "It's just Facebook," I said. "My sister's friend is getting married today. She apparently invited all the people from my high school, so they're all tagging each other and shit." I fiddled with the phone. "How do I turn these off?" 

"Don't worry about it," Chad said. "You've got more important things to take care of. Like me." 

"Yeah." I was about to head back to bed when I realized Johan was in a few of the pictures. An uncomfortable feeling came over me. Then I swiped to another photo, only to see another familiar face. "Aw hell," I said out loud. 

"What's wrong?" Chad asked. 

I hesitated at first, but then I showed him a picture of Erica. "That's my ex-girlfriend." 

"You're still friends with your ex?" 

"No," I said. "But some of my friends still talk to her." 

Chad eyed the photo. "I mean, she's not bad looking... though you're totally out of her league." 

"Yeah, well, I'm not playing for that team anymore." 

"I should hope not. For more reasons than one." 

I wanted to smile, but I still felt a little uneasy. I thought back to the picture of Johan. I couldn't help wondering if he'd talked to Erica, or to Amy for that matter. My big fear was that he could out me to my family and friends. After all, he was the only person back home who knew I was gay. I liked to think I could trust him, but there was always the risk of a slip of the tongue. 

"You okay?" Chad asked. 

I took a deep breath. "I should tell you something," I said. 

"What?" 

"You said you wanted to know everything about me? Warts and all?" 

"Yeah." 

I paused, then showed him my phone again. "I hooked up with this guy a while back." 

Chad frowned. "Who the hell is that?" 

"He's a gay guy from my high school. I just... well, I don't like being reminded of it now." 

"Me neither," he said. 

"I'm sorry—" 

"You know I don't like thinking of you with anyone but me," he said as he put his arms around me. 

"I don't either. If I had to do it over again...." But I didn't finish my sentence. 

"How about you just turn off your phone," he said, "and fuck the guy who's right here in front of you?" 

I couldn't argue with that. I put my phone away, and I got back into bed. "Which toy do you want to try?" 

"I don't think we have time. I've got class in half an hour." He put his hand on my dick. "Besides... you know this is my favorite sex toy of all." 

I couldn't resist giving him a kiss. I still couldn't get over the way he begged for my cock. I just wished the outside world would stop intruding on us. 

Chad got on all fours, and I fucked him doggy style. It was one of my favorite positions, considering it was so raw and primeval. It made Chad look like a piece of meat that I could use as I saw fit. I loved looking down and seeing his ass jiggle with every thrust. 

Chad wasn't a passive bottom though. He kept pushing his ass against me, and he kept milking my cock with his boyhole. He had pretty much mastered the art of keeping his body in perfect synchronization with mine. 

"Tell me when you're close," I said. 

"You go first, baby." Chad arched his back. "Breed my hole." 

I grabbed his hips and plowed into him as hard as I could. I wasn't quite ready to get off, but I knew it wouldn't take long. 

"Oh God... give it to me...." 

Slowly but surely, I felt my juices making their way out of my balls. I kept on pounding him as hard as I could. My muscles started contracting, and my mouth dropped open. Then I delivered to Chad what we wanted. 

"Oh baby," he gasped as he took my cum in his ass. 

"Are you close?" 

"Fuck yeah," he said. 

I pulled out of him, flipped him over, and put my mouth on his cock. Then I fingered his hole while I sucked him. 

It only took a second or two before he shot in my mouth. I loved the salty taste of his cum. I rolled his sperm around on my tongue, then pressed it all against my palate. I kissed his cockhead, looked him right in the eyes, and swallowed. 

"Oh yeah," I said. 

Chad let out a sigh. "That felt so fucking good." 

I looked down at his ass. A stream of cum had dripped out of his mancunt, and his taint was smeared with lube. "Careful," I said. "It's messy down there." 

He grinned. "That's how I wanted it." 

I plopped down on he bed. "I wish we could just lie here all day." 

"Well, I'll see you again tonight—" 

"I know, but it won't be the same. Not with the other Kap Eps." 

Chad shrugged. "So why don't we just tell them?" 

I thought I'd misheard him at first. "Say what?" 

"I mean, why not?" he asked. "We could stop all this hiding, and they've always been cool about Ryan and Marcos—" 

"Yeah, well, it's not exactly as easy as you make it sound." 

"I never said it was easy," he said. "Hell, I still don't know what to say to my dad... all I know is, I don't want to tell him any more than I absolutely have to." 

I pursed my lips, and I pressed my body against his. "I'm not sure what to tell my family either." 

"Well," he said in a voice dripping with sarcasm, "then I guess Thanksgiving will be fun." 

I felt a knot in my stomach. The year before, I'd stayed on campus for the holidays. "I don't like the idea of being apart," I said, "even if it's just for a few days." 

"Me neither," he said. "I mean, you can always come with me...." 

"Wouldn't that be awkward?" 

"Possibly. But it's probably still better than the alternative." 

I still wanted to see Chad's life outside of college, but I was afraid of what it would entail, now more than ever. "Why do you even have to go back?" I asked. "I mean, at least right now—" 

"I don't have a choice," he said. "If I'm going to smooth things over, especially with my dad...." His voice trailed off, but then he cleared his throat. "Well, if I don't do it soon, I may not get another chance." 

I couldn't argue with that. I just nodded. 

By the end of that week, we and the other the Kap Eps had agreed on five new pledges: Justin, Shane, Hunter, Mike, and Drew. All five of them seemed cool— and they were damned good looking— so Chad and I couldn't wait for their big initiation. We were itching to have those boys at our beck and call, though we didn't expect things to go down the way they did. 

The first step, of course, was to make the pledges get naked. The sight was just as awesome as I'd hoped. Justin had a great ass, just as Chad had expected. Shane had a huge fucking cock. Hunter had a lot of body hair, but it looked good on him. Mike and Drew had pretty much perfect pecs and abs. 

The next step was to make them play cum-on-a-cookie. I'd picked out the cookie myself, a big chewy chocolate chip one. I figured it could take the most abuse without falling apart. I'd also done a few taste tests with Chad, just to make sure the flavors complemented each other— which they most certainly did. 

I watched the boys' expressions as Luke told them what was coming. I tried to gauge if they'd suspected this beforehand. I actually felt kind of jealous, because I wanted to join in; I didn't 

like how the pledges would be getting off and I wouldn't. I would've loved to have sex with Chad right there, the same way Ryan and Marcos had done the time before. 

"Now don't give me that look," Luke was saying to the pledges. "All of us have done this, so if you want to be one of us, you'll have to do it too. You got it?" 

"Uh... w-well I guess...." 

"Good," he said. "Now don't give us any more trouble, or we'll make you our bitches... even more than you already are." 

I knew Luke was just being theatrical, but it still turned me on. I loved seeing naked boys getting bossed around like that, and I kind of wanted to be bossed around myself. 

"Now get ready," Luke said. "Three... two... one... go!" 

With that, the boys were off to the races. Each of them jacked off differently. Justin gripped his shaft with one hand, and he fingered his taint with the other. Shane massaged his cockhead with his palm. Hunter went at it the old-fashioned way, just pounding his pud as hard as he could. Mike was having trouble getting hard, so he just played with himself. Drew squeezed his ballsack and pulled down on his nuts. 

I looked over at Chad; his eyes were fixed on Justin. I was a little jealous that he was so into another guy jacking off— but then again, so was I, so I couldn't really complain. Ryan and Marcos were also licking their lips. We all seemed to be enjoying the show. 

I was struggling to keep a straight face— if that was even the right term. My dick was straining against my jeans, and I could tell Chad's was too. I'd never really watched like this without joining in. Even when I'd watched porn, I'd always been playing with myself. I was tempted to damn the torpedoes, free my member from his constraints, and start stroking myself; yet I resisted the urge. 

"Oh shit," Hunter said. He started breathing heavily, and he aimed his dick at the cookie. Then he let out a grunt, and he busted his nut right on target. He shot one rope came after another, till finally his balls were spent. 

"Wow!" Marcos said. "That was fast!" 

A couple of the other Kap Eps applauded. Hunter grinned and took a bow. Then he leaned back and watched the others. 

Shane was the next one to bust. He kept on playing with his cockhead for a minute or so, till he was ready to rip. "Oh fuuuuck," he gasped as he jizzed all over the cookie. Some of his cum went splattering on the floor, but most of it went right where it belonged. 

Justin kept on fingering himself. He slowly made his way further and further back, till a bunch of his fingers disappeared up his hole. I could tell he was going for his prostate— he tried to hide it, but I knew— and the next thing I knew, his dick was erupting too. Justin threw his head back as his juices went flying in all directions. 

By that point, I was practically dying. I could feel my heart pounding, especially since Chad was standing beside me. I wanted nothing more than to have my way with him, though I knew I still had a ways to go. 

Mike had finally managed to get himself hard. He was doing his best to rub one out, but he didn't seem to have much luck. I assumed he was about to lose the game. 

Drew, on the other hand, seemed to be in no hurry. He stopped wanking for a second, and he rolled his balls in his hands like a couple of marbles. Then he went back to stroking himself. This cycle repeated itself a couple of times. 

Suddenly Mike moved forward, let out a grunt, and got off. He wasn't too enthusiastic; he looked more relieved than anything else. 

Drew was right behind him. He pumped his cock a couple more times, then closed his eyes. "God yeah," he said as his balls started to contract. Then he finally splooged. 

"Wow," I said without thinking. 

Drew sat back. "Damn," he said. He looked up at the rest of us, then looked down at the cookie. 

"What are you waiting for?" Marcos asked. "Fucking eat it." 

Drew took a deep breath and picked up the cookie. It was covered in man frosting, but it held up beautifully. Drew took his first bite, chewed it for a second, and swallowed. Then he wolfed down the rest. 

"Awesome!" Luke said, and we started toasting their accomplishment. The pledges just started at us, some more awkwardly than others. 

We went on to get totally hammered. I was struggling to control myself the whole time. Ryan and Marcos were openly checking out the pledges and whispering to each other. My jealousy kept growing with every drink I had. I was tempted to take Chad's suggestion, tell the Kap Eps that I liked boys and that we were a couple, and let the chips fall where they may. But I was still sober enough that I managed to stop myself. 

It wasn't till we all retreated to our rooms that I felt I could loosen up. As soon as the door was closed behind us, Chad and I put our arms around each other, and we started making out. 

"Oh yeah," Chad said between kisses. He put his hands on my ass. "I want this so bad." 

"Mm-hm," I said. "Were those naked freshmen turning you on?" 

He leaned into my ear. "I want to get my sophomore naked," he whispered. 

I ran my tongue along his lips. "I saw the look on your face when Justin got off," I said. "Don't pretend you didn't like it." 

"I never said I didn't." He pulled my body against his, and I felt our boners pressing together. "You know," he said, "it looked like Drew liked it too... am I the only one who thought he enjoyed that cookie a little too much?" 

"It depends on what you mean by too much." 

"Well, the point of the game is to nut as fast as you can—" 

"Not for everybody," I said. "If you want a mouthful of cum—" 

"That actually sounds really good right now." 

I licked my lips. I was about to say something else, but then we heard some muffled sounds. We could distinctly hear Ryan and Marcos's voices. They were groaning and grunting, along with an unmistakable thump-thump-thump from their bed. 

Chad shot me a mischievous look. "Apparently great minds think alike." 

"Holy shit," I said. It was actually kind of hot that we couldn't see anything. The noises left just enough to the imagination; I could only guess at what kind of sex Ryan and Marcos were having. Their room was clear down the hall, so if we could hear them, presumably the other Kap Eps could too. 

"They must be shitfaced," Chad said. "They don't know how big of a racket they're making. Either that, or they don't care." 

I nodded. "Were we ever that loud?" 

"I dunno... we did have that one time your neighbor banged on the walls." 

"Oh shit," I said. "I forgot about that." 

"Anyway," he said, "I guess this the gay fraternity now?" 

"If it is, we should get down to business." I pressed back up against his body, and I flicked my tongue against his ear. "I wanted you to fuck me hours ago." 

"I would've done it," he said. "Why didn't you say so?" 

"In front of everybody?" 

Chad shot me a facetious grin. "Yeah, why not?" he said. "Those pledges were putting on a helluva show. We would've just been returning the favor." 

"Yeah right—" 

"I guess better late than never," he said. He gave me a kiss, then stepped over to his door. He checked to make sure there was no one outside. Then he took my hand and led me downstairs. 

The basement game room was as quiet as ever. I'd always appreciated how private it was, but this time I was downright grateful: we could be as loud as we wanted, and the other Kap Eps would never know. I grappled with my clothes and helped Chad with his. It only took a second before we were both naked, with both of our dicks standing firmly at attention. 

"I still can't get enough of this cock," Chad said as he hunched over me, then put his mouth around me. He sucked my shaft for a few seconds, then started nibbling my ballsack with his lips. "You taste so fucking good...." 

"Oh God yeah," I said. 

Chad made me lie down on the pool table. He ran his tongue around my balls, basically doing a bunch of figure-8's. Then he licked my taint and made his way down to my hole. 

"Hot damn," I said as I felt his lips on my crack. I wanted to give him more access, so pulled my legs up as far as they would go, basically till my knees were flat against my shoulders. 

Chad dove in like his life depended on it. He kept playing with my mancunt, running his tongue in spirals. He managed to go just far enough to drive me wild yet always leave me wanting more. 

"Fucking tease," I said. "I told you how bad I needed fucked." 

Chad looked up and licked his lips. "I'm getting there," he said. He gave me another kiss, then reached for the cabinet. He grabbed the lube and rubbed a bunch of it on his shaft. "Let's do it on the futon," he whispered. "For old time's sake." 

I got up from the pool table, took a few steps, and laid down on the sheets. I was all too aware that this was where he'd deflowered me a semester ago— and, for that matter, where I'd deflowered him. 
