 When we left the beach, it almost felt weird to be wearing clothes again. After all, we'd been naked for most of the day. We'd been so free and so open that even my t-shirt and shorts felt uncomfortable.

Chad didn't say a word till we got in the car. But as soon as we shut the car doors, he seemed to be dying to talk. "Dude," he said, "holy shit! That was something else. I can't believe we just did that, I mean...."

I waited for him to finish his sentence, but he didn't. "So you enjoyed it?"

"Well yeah, I mean it was hot. I-I guess it's just, you know...."

"It's just what?"

He paused. "Well, I shouldn't... no, don't worry about it."

"Whatever's on your mind, you can say it."

Chad licked his lips. "That Middle Eastern guy's dick felt totally different from yours. And so did the other guy's. I-I mean, I liked them... but they weren't what I was used to." He swallowed hard. "I guess I shouldn't be surprised?"

"Well, my dick isn't exactly the only one out there...."

"I know." Chad was about to turn the car on, but then he hesitated. "I mean, I knew you were into this stuff in porn. I didn't really get why it turned you on so much, at least not at first. But after this... woah."

"You really liked it that much?"

"Don't get me wrong," he said. "Your dick is the one I want to come home to. It's just...."

"You want to experiment."

"Well, like I said, I don't want to fuck this up. I-I, well, we'd need to do it right." He finally turned the ignition. "But yeah, it was fun. And kind of kinky. So I'm up for more if you are."

I could feel myself getting hard at that thought. But I also had my share of nerves. "Yeah," I said. "I guess I feel the same way."

It only took a few minutes to get back to Chad's house. As soon as we did, we both went online and started looking for advice. A few websites had tips, but others just said to "do what's right for you"— which was nice I guess, but not especially useful.

I, for one, was trying to walk a fine line. I didn't want to go back to my slut phase; I felt like I'd learned my lesson and put that stuff behind me. But I could tell Chad wanted to broaden his horizons, which I wasn't opposed to, partly because I did like showing him off.

After much discussion, we agreed on some basic ground rules. First, we'd always do this stuff together; we'd only invite others if both of us agreed. And we'd always wear protection, at least with the other guys. We didn't want to risk developing feelings for our hookups, so we'd keep them as anonymous as possible. The trick, of course, was how to pull all that off.

"You know, " Chad said, "you do still have a Grindr account, don't you?"

"I guess so," I said. "I haven't used it in forever, but... I mean, if you want to give it a shot...."

"We might as well use it. Unless you've got a better idea."

I shrugged. "Where are the good gay bars around here?"

"Hell if I know. I didn't exactly hang out there in high school. I would guess they're probably in Hillcrest, but I'd be the wrong guy to ask...."

I was about to respond, but then I heard a knock. "Hello?" came Mrs. Collins's voice. "Are you boys decent?"

Shit, I thought, what a cock block.

Chad shut his laptop. "We're fine, Mom. Come in."

Mrs. Collins opened the bedroom door, and she stuck her head inside. "Well," she said, "it looks like you've been keeping yourselves busy."

Chad acted like we were just shooting the breeze. "We're cool," he said. "We were just down by Mission Bay."

I didn't think that was the beach's name, but I wasn't about to say anything. I just went with his story.

"I need to RSVP to the benefit next week. Did you boys want to go?"

I blinked. "Benefit?"

Chad shook his head. "It's this thing for military families. Mom's on their board of directors. They always do their big shindig on New Years. But it's boring as hell: mostly just rich people drinking champagne."

"Well, I'll still need need to be there," she said. "Scott, you're invited too."

I looked at Chad. "I... well, I'm fine with whatever."

"We'll stay here, Mom."

"If you're sure," she said. "Just don't get into trouble like that brother of yours."

Chad and I exchanged glances. "We won't."

"And I don't want you making yourself scarce," she said. "I want to spend quality time with you. Considering I don't get to see you that often."

"Aw jeez—"

"It's true," she said. "If this isn't the time for family, what is?"

I felt a pang of guilt as she said it. After all, as she'd pointed out before, I was a guest in her house. Even Chad was really there to see her and Patrick. It didn't seem right for us to be looking for dick— at least not at that moment.

The guilt trip worked, because we spent the rest of that day together. Mrs. Collins un-grounded Patrick, at least for the time being, so I got to see all their family dynamics in action. Their Christmas traditions did throw me off, because they were nothing like mine: among other things, they hired someone to put up their decorations, which were all bland and generic. Still, despite their quirks, they did have a weird affection for each other.

 

I kept trying to figure out Patrick. On the one hand, he was clearly smarter than I'd realized. At one point we went to see A Christmas Carol onstage, and he started talking about the Victorian Era. I eventually found out his dad was a history buff, so he and Chad had been raised on a diet of books and documentaries.

At the same time, the dude could be a total tool. On Christmas Eve, we were out having dinner, and Mrs. Collins left to use the bathroom. While she was gone, Patrick had the balls to ask: "so which of you is the woman?"

"The woman?" Chad asked.

"Well you know, if you're getting it on—"

"In a gay relationship, there isn't any woman," Chad said. "That's kind of the point."

I couldn't help noticing Chad's choice of words. This was the closest he'd come to saying he was gay.

"You know what I mean," Patrick said.

"You mean bottoming?"

"What the hell is that?"

"It means getting it up the ass," Chad asked. "And if you really want to know, we like to mix it up. The word for that is versatile."

"Shit," Patrick said.

"Do you really want to know more?"

"No, that's fine, I was just saying—"

"Just saying what?" Chad asked. "Are you seriously that interested in how we get off?"

"That's gross!" Patrick said. "Talk about TMI—"

"Well, you brought it up."

"I get the point, okay? You don't need to rub it in."

"Fine," Chad said. "But don't ask the question if you don't want to hear the answer."

I tried to gauge what Patrick was thinking. He did seem awfully curious, and maybe a little skittish, so I had to wonder if there was something going on. He was definitely a good-looking guy, with a lot of the same features as Chad; but he did seem edgier and just the slightest bit dangerous. I was sure he could get laid nearly any way he wanted. I had to remind myself that he was my boyfriend's brother, and thus very much off-limits.

After dinner, as we drove back to the house, I starting noticing our surroundings looked familiar. I saw a few rainbow flags in the windows, and I realized the neighborhood had been in Nick and Jay's travelogues. Then we drove by a big sign that said "HILLCREST" in all caps.

I remembered what Chad had said earlier, about the local gay bars. I shot him a look, and he nodded back at me. I was tempted to get out of the car and explore, but I knew it would need to wait.

When we got home, Mrs. Collins sent Patrick back to his room, and the rest of us watched some TV. Eventually, when she went to bed, Chad and I finally had time to ourselves— which was what we'd really wanted all along.

We started snuggling on the couch, and I rested my head on his shoulder. Chad stared at the blank spot on the wall. "You know," he said at one point, "I wish that was a picture of us up there."

I looked up at him. "Wouldn't that offend your dad?"

"I dunno," he said. "From what Mom says, I'm not sure he'll ever set foot in here again." He sighed. "I mean, she's been talking about divorce for a while... but never like this."

I tightened my arms around him. "I'm sorry," was all I could say.

"It is what it is," he said. "Listen, babe... if you're ever not happy with me, or if I piss you off or whatever, I want you to tell me. Be honest. I mean, I don't know much about this relationship stuff... so I don't want to fuck it up."

"I never said anything about fucking it up."

"I know you didn't, but I haven't exactly had the best role models. Definitely none who are gay."

I paused. "There's that word again."

"What?"

"You've never actually described yourself that way."

Chad rolled his eyes. "Okay fine. I'll say it: I'm gay. I can't exactly deny it anymore. A hundred percent dick-loving gay. It's not like that's a fucking news flash... especially to you."

"Hm," I said. "I guess that's one way of putting it... but I'm still proud of you for saying it."

Chad put his hand on my crotch. "Yeah, well, you know this cock is what made me admit it...."

I turned my head, and my lips met his. It was a polite kiss at first, but then Chad slid his hand up my shirt. I responded in kind, and we started getting more randy. My fingers made their way down his spine, and eventually down into his asscrack.

"Mm," Chad said between kisses. "Keep going baby...."

"Are you sure we should do this down here?"

"Yeah, why not?" he asked. "Nobody'll see us now."

I looked up at the Christmas decorations. "So you're saying you want to be put on the naughty list?"

"I thought we agreed to explore our naughty sides some more."

"Yes we did," I said, and I kissed him again.

Chad let me play with his ass some more. Then he broke off the kiss and stood up. He fumbled with my fly, then yanked down my pants and socks and everything else. My boner bounced into view, and as soon as it did, he licked his lips. "Oh fuck yeah," he said.

I took off my shirt and threw it aside. Then I reached over to Chad, undid his zipper, and pulled his pants down too. I didn't bother with any niceties: I just took his dick in my hands, aimed it at my face, and took it into my mouth.

"Shit," he gasped, and he put his hands on my face. "Yeah baby, suck that fucking cock."

I followed his orders, and I took him so deep that I almost gagged. I ran my tongue along his shaft, and I clamped my lips around his girth. I could practically feel his blood pumping inside my mouth. I kept bobbing my head up and down, while also caressing his skin with my hands.

Eventually Chad took off his shirt, which was the only thing either of us was still wearing. He tossed it on the couch, and then he stood above me buck naked. "Aw fuuuuuuck...."

I stopped sucking him for a moment, then looked in his eyes. "Is your gay dick liking that?"

"Mm," he said. "My gay dick wants a helluva lot more than just that."

"Does it now?" I asked. "Do tell."

Chad didn't answer, at least not verbally. He just pushed me back on the coffee table, then leaned down toward my cock. He kissed the tip as he looked into my eyes. Then he kissed the ridge on the underside of my shaft, and he slowly made his way downward. When he got to my ballsack, he stuck out his tongue and ran it back up my rod. Finally he opened his mouth, took me inside, and started sucking away.

"Fuck," I gasped.

Chad played with my balls as he blew me. I sighed with pleasure, and I could feel my muscles start to tighten up. I didn't want to bust quite yet, but Chad was going to town on me, and there was only so long I could resist.

Then, just when I was about to go over the edge, he took his mouth off my cock, and he went down to my taint. He ran his tongue along the base of my sack, teasing it just the way I liked it. Then he sucked my left nut, rolled it around in his mouth, then moved on to my right. I had to force myself not to let out a loud moan.

Chad moved further between my legs. He licked my taint some more, then started heading toward my hole.

I pulled up my legs till my knees were pressed against my shoulders. My pucker was pointed straight at Chad. He stared at it for a second, licked his lips, then dove his face between my cheeks.

Chad's beard tickled my crack, and his tongue flicked against my hole. I wanted more, so I pressed my ass against him. Chad responded just the way I wanted: he devoured my crack like his life depended on it.

"Omigod," I said as I felt his tongue go inside me. By now my nerves were going haywire. I was so close, I knew I could bust any second.

Chad reached up, and he stroked my cock while he tongue-fucked my ass. My body shivered with pleasure. Then my balls tightened up, and I knew that was it.

"Oh shit!" I gasped as my cum blasted out of me. A rope shot across my abs, and a bunch of gobs splattered on my chest.

Chad kept going till my dick finished shooting. Then he came up for air; his face was a little red, and he seemed out of breath. "I want to fuck that ass so bad."

My first thought was was that we needed lube. But Chad was already on it: he scooped up the cum from my body, then reached down and rubbed it on my hole. He stuck a few fingers inside me, and he got me nice and wet.

It felt weird to have my own cum up my ass. It was still warm, and it felt especially gooey down there. But I didn't have time to think about it, because the next thing I knew, Chad was getting in position. He looked at me for a second, and he licked his lips. Then I felt his mushroom tip pop inside me.

"Fuck me," I said.

Chad did as he as told. He shoved his dick further up my chute, till he was in balls-deep. Then he started pumping away. "Oh yeah," he said, "I love that manly ass."

"That's it, baby—"

"Such a tight fucking ass... aw shit, you feel so good...."

Chad was ramming me so hard that I thought I could fall off the table. But then he grabbed my waist and pulled me back, all while keeping his cock inside me. I gripped the sides of the table, and I savored the feeling of his pole up my butt. "Oh yeah," I said, "give it to me...."

"You want my faggot dick?"

"You know I do," I said. "It's made just right for my fucking faggot ass."

"I love that ass," he said, "and I love the package it comes with."

I liked where he was going with this. "Tell me about it...."

"I love how that cock feels," he said, "and how it tastes... and I love those balls, and all the cum they make for me...."

"Keep going...."

"And I love your fucking six-pack. And those hairy armpits are so fucking sexy...."

I lifted my arms to give him a nice view. He took my right hand and guided it into his mouth. Then he sucked my fingers, one by one, while he kept on pounding away.

When Chad finished playing with my pinky, he leaned down and kissed me. "Most of all," he said, "I fucking love you."

I'd never heard Chad talk like that before. He'd never seemed like the lovey-dovey type, but those words made me feel better than any sex ever could. "I love you too, baby."

Chad kissed me again, then leaned back up and started picking up the pace. His dick kept pistoning inside me, and his balls and thighs kept smacking against me, faster and faster, till his whole body was practically vibrating.

"Oh fuck!" I yelled as he hit my prostate, and a new wave of pleasure shot through my body.

"O-o-o-o-o-oh yeah," he said as he suddenly slowed down, and I felt him shoot inside me. I was so used to that feeling, yet it still felt fucking amazing every single time. My favorite part was the look on his face, knowing how great he must feel.

As it turned out, I wasn't far behind him. I just let out a yelp as I busted another nut. My second load wasn't as big as my first one, but it sure as hell felt good. More blobs of cum burst out of my cock and landed all over my abs.

Chad pulled out of me, stepped back, and plopped down on the couch. "Woah," he said, "that was awesome."

I rolled onto my side and smiled. "Merry Christmas to you too."

Chad just rolled his eyes and chuckled.

I didn't want to move, but I knew I couldn't lie on the table forever. Eventually we headed up to Chad's room, and we fell asleep in each other's arms.

Even the next morning, I woke up to find Chad's body still pressed against mine. I loved just lying there, watching him sleep, feeling his chest slowly rising and falling.

Eventually, of course, duty called. Once Chad got up, we made our way downstairs to celebrate Christmas morning. Mrs. Collins had laid out breakfast in the family room, with coffee, croissants, and a bunch of other stuff. I tried to gauge if she'd wiped down that table, or if she had any idea what Chad and I had done there. I figured the answer was probably no on both counts.

When we opened our presents, I was shocked to find Chad had gotten me an iPad. It was way more than I'd expected: I'd just given him a few movies on Blu-ray, and I'd given his family a wine basket. Chad acted like everything was cool, but I knew he'd spent way more on me than I'd spent on him. I silently swore to make it up to him later— just to make sure he didn't get shortchanged.

We inaugurated the iPad by Skyping with my family. My nerves were tingling the whole time: after all, I was introducing my gay lover for the first time. Chad seemed even more nervous than I was. I telling myself there was no reason to be scared, but it was easier said than done.

To be honest, I don't remember most of what we talked about. I was just trying to gauge what everyone was thinking. My parents mostly seemed like their usual selves, but they kept asking Chad questions. I was pretty sure they'd already checked out his social media. I also knew they'd talk about him afterward, and they'd probably only tell me the tip of the iceberg.

I do remember my mom saying how much she missed me, and Amy chimed in to say that all our friends said hi.

"What do you mean, 'all our friends?'" I asked.

"Well, you know the usual gang: Rosie and Kevin and Johan...."

I must've flinched at the sound of Johan's name. Amy suddenly went silent, though the others hardly seemed to notice. My dad started jabbering on about his work, while my mom tried to get him to shut up, which was pretty much their usual banter.

When the call finally ended, Chad took a deep breath, and he offered to get me a coffee. As soon as he got up, my phone buzzed with a text.

Sure enough, it was Amy. I knew it! she wrote. You and Johan? That explains why he was asking about you!

I looked over at Chad, but he wasn't paying attention. Then I texted back: Johan's being weird about that. It was a while ago. And it wasn't anything special: just a hookup, that's it.

Amy just took a second to respond. Was that before you met Chad?

No, I wrote, but it was before we started dating.

That's cool, she said. Nothing wrong with that.

Don't say anything, okay? I don't need this getting out.

Ok fine, she wrote. But you know who does need to know? Your boyfriend.

I sighed and took a deep breath. Chad was still over by the table, stirring my coffee, totally oblivious. I told him months ago, I said. Besides, that's between him and me. It's none of your business.

Chad came back over. "What's wrong?" he asked.

I just shook my head. "Nothing," I said as he handed me my coffee. "Thanks baby."

"Merry Christmas," he said.

We spent the rest of that day quietly flirting. I don't think his mom picked up on it, or at least I hoped she didn't. But the truth was, both Chad and I were itching to get out out of the house— just him and me— so that we could go have some fun. After all, now that Chad was embracing his sexuality, I wanted to make sure his needs got taken care of.
