 Our lovemaking session was just as beautiful as I'd hoped.

It happened right after we left the shop. We didn't even make it back to my place— or to his, for that matter. We just made it as far as the forest, which was the closest place we could be alone. But it turned out to be just as well.

Chad and I laid in a secluded spot, buck naked, while we caressed each other's bodies. The trees around us swayed in the breeze, and the sun dabbled through the leaves. A bunch of plants were in bloom, which created spots of color around us, and a smattering of petals went drifting through the air.

Chad looked in my eyes as he ran his fingers across my face. Then he whispered: "You remember the last time we were here?"

"What do you mean?"

"It was right after I'd come out to my family," he said. "Remember how we drove out here, and we kissed by the side of the road..."

"Oh yeah," I said. "I almost forgot about that."

"I guess that's when we stopped just being fuck buddies. Wasn't it?"

"That's one way to put it—"

"I just remember how badly I wanted you right then. What I would've done to have sex with you that night..."

I swallowed. I'd pretty much felt the same way. "Well," I said, "we had a lot to deal with back then. It's probably a good thing we held off. At least a little bit."

"I guess," he said. He ran a hand down my spine, across my tailbone, and into my asscrack. "Of course, it's always better late than never..."

I gasped as I felt his fingers enter my hole. I knew we didn't have any lube with us, but then again, we didn't necessarily need it. I could think of any number of other ways to pleasure my man.

Chad seemed to be thinking along the same lines. He swung his body around, and without another word, he went down on my cock. Now he had me in a sixty-nine, with his dick right in front of my face. Of course I couldn't resist that temptation: I gave him a series of kisses, running my lips up and down his shaft, then took him in my mouth.

It felt so good to have him inside me again— in either end— between the hard but tender texture of his flesh, the musky taste of his skin, and the well-practiced movements of his muscles. But the sexiest, most important thing of all was the knowledge that he was all mine. I wanted this man more I'd ever wanted anything in my life. I was so wrapped up in him that I didn't even care that we were outdoors, in broad daylight, and anyone could've caught us. I just savored the moment.

Chad started picking up the pace. As he sucked me, he massaged my balls with one hand, and he kept teasing my pucker with the other. He was making me feel so good, I could only hope to return the favor. I wanted to say something, but my mouth was full too, and I didn't want to stop servicing him. I just let out a groan and tried to signal how I really felt.

Chad groaned too, quietly at first, then louder and louder. I felt his dick twitch against my lips, and I braced myself for what was coming next. Then, sure enough, his warm salty cum filled my mouth.

I drank from his tap like I was dying of thirst. I could feel his juices slide down my throat and go deep in my body— which was really where they belonged. The sensation was so hot that it got me off too: pleasure cascaded through my body, my muscles tensed up, and I felt myself shoot in Chad's mouth.

"Mm!" was all he seemed able to say. He ran his tongue around my cockhead, which suddenly felt especially tingly. Then he took me deep into his throat, to the point that I could feel it contract when he swallowed.

"Oh yeah," I gasped as I took my mouth off his dick. I was still coming down from my high. I practically collapsed and lay flat on the ground. "Damn, I needed that."

Chad let off a chuckle. "Think of it this way," he said. "It's really just a preview of coming attractions."

We didn't want to go back to reality quite yet, but at the same time, we didn't want to get caught. We told ourselves we'd have plenty of alone time later, indoors. So we gathered up our clothes, which were scattered all over the ground. Then we dressed and headed back to the car.

We were just pulling up to my place when we saw Brody nearby. My first thought was to avoid him, but then I saw he was with my neighbor Hannah.

"Aw shit," I said.

Brody looked pretty drunk. We couldn't hear what he was saying, but he was clearly hitting on Hannah, and he seemed to be getting belligerent. She tried to push him away, but then Brody grabbed her arm.

"Fuck," Chad said. He and I opened our car doors just as Hannah broke free. Brody stumbled backward while she ran toward her apartment.

"You bitch!" Brody yelled after her. "Y-you... you think you can do better than me?"

"Dude!" Chad said. "Leave her alone!"

Brody turned to us. "What... what the fuck are you doing here?"

"That's none of your business."

"Yeah, well fuck you!" Brody yelled, then turned and staggered away.

Chad and I exchanged glances. We both tried to gauge what to do. Part of me wanted to report this, though Brody would probably claim we were out to get him or something.

"Wow," Chad said. "Didn't he do something like that to Kaylee?"

"From what I heard," I replied.

"Then who the hell is he to be filing complaints? He's pretty much asking for a sexual harassment charge. If not worse."

"Yeah, well, that's what happens when you've got a dad with connections—"

"His karma's gonna catch up to him someday. It has to."

I shrugged. "I hope you're right," I replied. "Hopefully sooner rather than later."

We didn't want to let Brody to spoil our evening, so we did our best to put him out of our minds. Chad offered to take me to dinner, and he suggested going to Riedegost, but I didn't want to see my co-workers right then. So we went to an Italian place instead— the kind of genuine article where real Italians ate— and Chad ordered some nice wine. Then he did a toast to the days and months to come. 

I assumed Chad would get a job to last him through the rest of the spring. He ended up getting some work as a personal trainer, but applying for an internship was almost a job in itself. Chad had started the process when he was in D.C., but it was a lot more competitive than we'd expected, and a lot of spots were already filled. Now he had to spend a lot of time writing essays, submitting transcripts, and filling out forms for background checks and stuff. Of course his connection to Seth didn't hurt, but he wasn't getting anything handed to him, for better or worse.

All the same, it was awesome having him back with me. His schedule was flexible enough that he could almost always accommodate mine. No matter how stressed I got with classes or whatever, I felt like I could always come home to him, which was a feeling I'd never really had before.

Then of course there was the sex. Oh fuck, I loved the sex! We drained each other's balls so much that our glands could barely keep up. And our toys got plenty of use: Chad dug the story of me fucking myself with his dildo, so he asked me to reenact the scene. Of course he was happy to return the favor, so he fucked himself with my dildo while I watched. Chad also loved getting beads up his ass, which I took fiendish delight in yanking out.

Of course the best toys of all were the ones we'd been born with. I'd gotten to be a real connoisseur of Chad's muscles, tendons, and ligaments, and the way he could use them to dominate me. I adored his perfectly-chiseled Adonis belt and the gorgeous package it led to. Then of course there was the feeling of his fuck stick up my ass. Not to mention his big meaty glutes, and the tight tender hole in between, which could squeeze my manhood just the way I liked it. Fuck!

I didn't want any of this to end, so I made sure we had a solid plan for the summer. My goal was to keep anything from coming between us for as long as humanly possible. I wanted our lives to run like well-oiled machines, which I knew was easier said than done; but I was determined to avoid any repeat of the summer before.

Slowly but surely, our plans came together. Amy's graduation would be the first week of June, and after that, we could stay with Chad's mom. I was hoping to just work for Thaxter, but he warned me he couldn't pay much, so I'd probably need a second job. Meanwhile, Chad kept following up with Wheeler's office— not enough to be annoying, but enough to make clear he was interested— in the hopes of landing a spot.

We were in the middle of all this when we got a piece of news we'd been dreading. The Interfraternity Council had been interviewing the Kap Eps, including anyone who'd rushed or pledged us, to see if Brody's allegations were true. Our initiation rituals were supposed to be secret, so I didn't say any more than I had to, and neither did Chad. But apparently some alumni saw it differently: at least a few of them confirmed the so-called hazing and said it'd been going on for years.

This did not go over well with the dean's office, so after much back-and-forth, Luke eventually struck a deal. Our chapter would agree to a four-year suspension, which meant it couldn't reopen till after we'd all graduated. We would all be barred from joining other fraternities, but in exchange, we wouldn't get in any further trouble.

It definitely could've been worse, but it still sucked. We had to be out of the frat house by the end of the semester, which was not far away. By all indications, the Kap Eps' sex-filled adventures were over: there'd be no more naked pledges, no more fucking in the game room, and no more randy Spring Breaks. Or at least so we thought.

We'd just started cleaning out the house when we learned how much stuff had come from Brody's family. Among other things, his father had bought us the pool table years before, and his older brother had donated the futon. The irony was almost too much to handle. After all, Chad and I had lost our man-virginities on that futon, and we were pretty sure others had too. Practically all the Kap Eps had defiled it at some point or another.

"You know," Shane said, "we could always vandalize that shit. Just for fun."

Luke clucked his tongue. "You want to stoop to Brody's level?"

"Yeah, why not? After how much he fucked things up for us, why shouldn't we fuck with him too?"

Marcos put an arm around Ryan. "Well," he said, "we know what fucks with Brody more than anything: knowing we have gay sex."

"Ha!" Ryan said. He shot his boyfriend a look. "Is that your way of saying you want to do it down there?"

"That'd be a helluva revenge," Justin said. "You could leave cum stains all over it. If they ask for it back—"

"Fuck yeah!" Hunter said. "How do I get in on this?"

"You mean like a threesome?"

"Why stop there?" Drew asked. "I'd be up for it too."

I looked at Chad. I couldn't help thinking of the time he'd suggested a sex party. Come to think of it, we'd even compared notes on which of the others were the hottest. Then again, that had been at a very different stage of our relationship.

"Hey," Chad said, "I'm all for getting back at that asswipe. The more we can fuck with him, the better."

I bit my lip. I didn't disagree with him— or with the others— but I didn't want to risk playing with fire. After what Chad and I had been through, the last thing we needed was any more drama. I just wanted to be with Chad, have him to myself, and keep anyone else from getting in the way.

At the same time, I did get hard at the thought of the other guys getting it on. After all, Chad and I had already seen them jack off, and in the case of Ryan and Marcos, we'd even watched them fuck. There was also no denying my longstanding fetish for group sex. So I did want to watch this shit go down.

I knew I had to walk a fine line, and I'd need to be extra sensitive to Chad's feelings. I could sense the wheels turning in his head, though he didn't let on. So I took him aside the first chance I got.

"Babe," I said when we got to his bedroom, "remember what we agreed to. We only want to do stuff we're both comfortable with."

"I remember..."

"I don't want to have sex with anybody but you. I want to be crystal clear on that."

Chad licked his lips. "Well," he said, "I don't want to hold you back—"

"I never said you were holding me back—"

"I know you're into that stuff. Considering how much of that porn you've got."

"That's just porn. It's not real." I put my arms around him. "You and me... that's real."

"Well true—"

"And you know what? You turn me on more than the rest of those guys put together. Including all the porn stars I watch."

Chad ran his hands through my hair. "That's a helluva way of saying I love you."

"Ha!" I smiled and shook my head. "I do love you... and I'm not just saying that to get in your pants."

"I never said getting in my pants was a bad thing. And you know what? I feel the same way." He leaned in and gave me a kiss. "I'd never want to make you uncomfortable either."

I wasn't sure where this was all headed, but I couldn't argue with what he was saying. I just kissed him again, and I held him as tightly as I could.

It didn't take long for the Kap Eps' plans to come together. The sex party would be that Saturday evening. We couldn't risk word getting out, so we didn't invite anyone from the outside. This wasn't ideal for the straight guys— since it meant there wouldn't be any girls— but they supported it every step of the way. Luke made clear that this was totally voluntary, so I figured the straight guys would keep themselves busy upstairs.

The game room was already stocked with condoms, lube, and tissues for clean-up. All we had to do was bring drinks and stuff. Chad and I made a grocery run, and we did our best to make it look like we just shopping for ourselves.

When we brought our haul to the basement, we found Hunter was already there. He was watching Twitter porn on his phone, and he was rubbing his crotch through his pants. "Hey guys," he said. Then he turned off his phone, but as he did, I caught a glimpse of two lesbians fucking.

"We don't want to interrupt you," I said.

"I know," he replied. "It's just... I know a lot of you aren't into this stuff."

"You mean lesbian porn?"

"Well, pussy in general. A lot of people freak out at me being bi."

Chad set down one of his bags. "I'm not freaked out," he said. "I mean, I gotta admit, I don't really get it—"

"I just love sex," Hunter said. "That's all it really boils down to. So I can get with either pussy or dick."

"So if you're with a girl," Chad said, "I mean... what do you tell her?"

"Usually nothing. I mean, I don't lie or whatever... but being into guys is not something you bring up when you're trying to get some. And if you bring it up later, after you've fucked her, it can be even worse. So I usually keep quiet and let girls think I'm straight. And when I'm with guys, I'll let them think I'm gay. I guess I probably shouldn't... but whatever."

"Well," I said, "I used to think I was bi. Of course that was a while ago..."

"You and a lot of other people," he said. "It's the old 'bi-now, gay-later'... and if that works for you, more power to you. But me, I need both. If I go too long without one or the other, I start craving that shit, and it's all I can think about... which is why my relationships never last."

I was about to say something else, but just then Ryan and Marcos came downstairs, with Drew close behind. They were all exchanging stories about hookups they'd had, and they were throwing out ideas around things they could do. I knew Ryan and Marcos had a pretty open relationship, so I figured this would make for an interesting evening.

I did some basic math in my head. Based on our fraternity's lineup, our little group included twelve balls, six dicks, six boyholes, four guys who were taken, two more who were single, two former athletes, two more muscle types, two twinks— and at least speaking for myself, one really horny guy who couldn't wait to see it all.

Chad and I finished setting things up, then plopped down on the futon. We were still fully clothed, but my dick was starting to press against my pants, and I could tell Chad's was too. I felt a hint of butterflies, though I tried to ignore them. I just looked in Chad's eyes, and I tried to gauge what he was thinking.

The other guys had just gotten situated, and we were about to kick things off, when we heard the door creak back open. My first reaction was that the other shoe must be dropping. All of us stopped what we were doing, and we turned toward the stairs.

Shane quietly peeked into the room. "Uh... hey," he said.

"Hey man," Marcos said. "What's the matter?"

"I..." Shane swallowed hard. "Do you, I-I dunno... mind if I join you?"

This was a twist I hadn't expected. After all, I'd already felt tempted enough without a bi-curious guy in the mix. I hadn't forgotten how Shane was one of the guys Chad and I had checked out months before; and I was pretty sure Chad remembered too. I'd always assumed the guy was straight. Shane had seemed cool with gay stuff, but he'd never shown signs of being into it himself.

"Come on over," Drew replied. "The more the merrier."

"This is all secret, right?" Shane asked. "Like whatever happens in this room, stays in this room?"

"Yeah exactly," Ryan said. "It's all right."

Shane seemed to tiptoe across the room. He stopped in the middle of the room, then swallowed and looked around. "I mean... I don't really know how this works..."

"We can teach you," Hunter said.

Shane took a deep breath. "Okay."

"How much have you done with a guy?" Ryan asked.

"Well... the closest thing was when we played cum-on-a-cookie."

"You didn't seem to have much trouble with that," Marcos said. "At least not the way I remember it."

"I-I guess not..."

"Did you like it?" Chad asked.

"I mean... who doesn't like jacking off?"

"True that," Ryan said.

"And... since all you guys were into this stuff, I figured there had to be something to it."

"There is," Hunter said, and without another word, he stood up and kissed him. Shane didn't resist; he took Hunter's tongue in his mouth, and they started making out.

By now, Chad was very clearly pitching a tent. I was tempted to reach over and touch it, but instead I whispered in Chad's ear: "That sure brings back a memory or two..."

Chad snorted. Then he turned to me and said under his breath: "If you're thinking of the same thing I am... I remember it being a little different than this."

"Even so..."

"Hey," Drew said. "Do you have something you want to share with the group?"

"Yeah," Chad said facetiously. "Just how my boyfriend is more fuckable than yours."

"I don't have a boyfriend."

"And there's a reason for that."

Drew gave him a playful slap, but Chad just laughed and threw a pillow at him. Drew swatted the pillow away, and it tumbled to the floor.

Hunter and Shane seemed totally oblivious. They were leaning against the pool table with their lips locked together, and they were running their hands up and down each other's bodies. Their eyes were closed, so they seemed to be navigating completely by feel.

Finally Hunter broke off the kiss. "Mm," he said, "you're pretty good at this. Are you sure this is your first time?"

Shane chuckled. "Uh yeah. Pretty sure."

"So how does it feel?" Ryan asked.

"It's... it's not as weird as I thought. It's not that different from kissing a girl."

"That's because I just shaved," Hunter said. "I'll warn you right now, some of my anatomy is totally different."

"Yeah, I kind of figured that out—"

"Want to go explore it yourself?"

I could almost feel my ears perk up. Those words sounded really fucking hot. Chad seemed to be thinking along the same lines: his hands caressed my body, and then he held me tight.

Shane glanced down at Hunter's crotch. He seemed to go back and forth about what to do next.
