 For the Fourth of July, Thaxter hosted a party at his house. He let us all bring friends, and he made clear that everyone was welcome. We figured Ryan and Marcos were just the right types to enjoy a gay pool party, and sure enough, they jumped at the invite. Chad and I brought a case of craft beer, while Ryan and Marcos brought tamales. Some of the bar's regulars brought pretzels, chips, cupcakes, and other snacks. 

We spent the first hour or so milling around the patio. Thaxter's place wasn't as fancy as Chad's, but it made for a great party space. Some of the guests were inside, watching Jaws, while the rest of us chatted and basked in the sun. 

Jean-Jacques made quite a splash, both literally and figuratively, when he jumped in the water. He was wearing tight red Speedos, which left very little to the imagination. I knew was European and all, but even so, it was a little weird to see my customer practically naked. 

"Mm," Ryan said as he watched Jean-Jacques climb back out of the pool. Ryan seemed to focus on Jean-Jacques's bulge, which swung back and forth which each step, dripping water along the way. He leaned over to Marcos. "I'd love to get some of that inside me..." 

"Wait," Marcos said. "I thought we agreed it was my turn to bottom." 

"Maybe we can do both," Ryan said. "We'd just need someone to service us." 

Chad and I were sitting right beside them, but neither of us said a word. I couldn't tell if Ryan was hitting on us, or Jean-Jacques, or both. Jean-Jacques didn't seem to have heard him; he just made another dive, swum underwater for a moment, then came up for air. 

I cleared my throat, but before I could say anything, I heard commotion nearby. It was over by the front door. From where I was sitting, I couldn't see much, but I could make out a big-haired woman. 

"I know he's in there," the woman was saying. "You've got to let me in." 

Thaxter's husband Bruce was running interference. "I'm sorry," he said, "who are you?" 

"That's none of your business," she snapped. 

Chad and I exchanged glances. I was probably less surprised than he was, since I'd seen these kinds of spectacles before. At the bar, it was not unusual to have jealous lovers show up and make trouble. It was always especially interesting when the lovers in question were girlfriends or wives. 

Bruce kept trying to talk to the woman. She didn't seem to want any part of it. 

"Don't tell me to quiet down!" she yelled. "I saw my child in there!" 

Oh shit, I thought. She wasn't a jealous lover at all. I'd never seen an angry mom show up like this. I was dying to know more. I tried to get a good look at her face, to see if I could recognize her, but Bruce was in the way. 

"Look," Bruce was saying. "I'm not going let you bother our friends—" 

"Your friends? Is that what you call them these days?" 

"Ma'am—" 

"I want to know how you people sleep at night. The way you're corrupting these boys—" 

"You need to go." 

"Don't tell me what to do!" 

"You're on my property," he said. "If you don't leave, I'm calling the police." 

The woman scoffed, turned on her heels, and stomped away. "You... you... you sodomites!" 

A bunch of us burst out laughing. "Sodomites?" Ryan asked. 

"Hey lady, sodomy's great!" yelled my co-worker Kyle. "Don't knock it till you've tried it!" 

"Honestly," Thaxter said, "what century are we in? Does she think we're Oscar Wilde?" 

Bruce shut the door and turned back to us. "Wow," he said. "I feel bad for her kids." 

"Yeah, no kidding." 

The twins peeked out from behind a tablecloth. "Is she gone?" 

"Yes," Bruce said. "You're okay." 

I hadn't realized Mason and Madison had been hiding. They climbed out from under their table. "Sorry about that." 

"It's not your fault." 

"Holy shit," Kyle said. "That lady's your mom?" 

"She just found out about us being gay," Mason said. "She still doesn't know the half of it. But you can see she's not exactly taking it well." 

"We always knew she wouldn't," Madison said. 

"That's terrible," Jean-Jacques said. 

"That's why we're here," Thaxter said. "I went through the same thing myself, way back when. Anything you need, just tell me." 

"Thanks man." Mason reached for the cooler. "Right now we need a drink more than anything else." 

The twins grabbed a pair of beers, then sat down beside us. Madison let out a loud sigh. 

"If it makes you feel any better," Chad said, "my dad's a homophobe too. Except he's buddy-buddy with his lesbian sister." 

"Say what?" Mason asked. "How the hell does that work?" 

"Damned if I know," Chad said. "I think he's in denial about her being gay. But that's just the start of it. My family gets more fucked up from there." 

"Shit, I'm sorry." 

"Well," Chad said, "I guess it is what it is." 

I put my arm around Chad's shoulders. I didn't want to make a big deal about it, but I did want to make him feel supported. Chad just looked at me and nodded. 

We did our best to kick back and relax. It was definitely nice to get a change of scenery. Apart from Chad's family drama, he and I had both been working unusually long hours. In Chad's case, working for a congressman, he'd had to plan a bunch of stuff for the Fourth. In my case, San Diego Pride fell around the same time, and the bar had gotten quite a bit busier. It did feel good to escape from all that, at least for that day. 

"So Scott," Jean-Jacques said as he swam up to us, "are we still on for the Cockpit next week?" 

"Definitely," I said. 

"What's the Cockpit?" Ryan asked Jean-Jacques. He acted pretty flirtatious, even though his boyfriend was right there. 

"It's a place near the airport. We'd talked about going to see Flynn Taylor." 

"Flynn Taylor? Like the porn star?" 

"That's him," Jean-Jacques said. 

"No shit?" Ryan said. "Man, I'd love to go..." 

Jean-Jacques shrugged. "If you want to come too, the more the merrier." 

"Well, if it's next week, we can't make that. Is he performing somewhere else? Like L.A.?" 

"I don't know. I'd need to check." 

"That'd be awesome," Ryan said. "Say, how's the water in there?" 

I had to keep from rolling my eyes. Ryan wasn't even trying to hide what he was really after. His shorts made it obvious enough, with his visible hard-on, not to mention his tone of voice. Not that I particularly blamed him: Jean-Jacques was a good-looking guy, and his French accent added a nice touch. I just wasn't into him myself. Not to mention how Chad and I didn't sleep with other guys— at least not anymore— unlike Ryan and Marcos. 

To no one's surprise, Ryan ended up getting in the pool. Marcos did too, and so did the twins. They all splashed around for a while, constantly laughing and joking. At one point Marcos pulled down Jean-Jacques's swimsuit, and he and Ryan played catch with it, while a naked Jean-Jacques tried to get it back. I couldn't help watching Jean-Jacques's gluteal muscles flexing and relaxing while he jumped in and out of the water, till he finally caught his Speedo and put it back on. 

By the time sun went down, a lot of the guys had gotten pretty drunk. We watched the fireworks together, but Thaxter and Bruce knew a lot of people were in no shape to drive, so they offered to let us crash for the night. 

Chad and I were still reasonably sober, so we decided to head home. Thaxter offered us whatever leftovers we wanted, so we wrapped up a bunch of patties, hot dogs, and buns, and we threw them in Chad's trunk. 

We were about to drive away when we saw a glint of light. From where we were parked, we could see one of Thaxter's bedrooms. We saw Ryan pull Jean-Jacques into the room; then they started making out. 

"Well," I said, "it looks like Ryan got what we wanted." 

"Yeah," Chad said, "and apparently Marcos did too." 

I looked more closely, and sure enough, I could see Marcos just outside the bedroom. He was busy kissing Kyle, and the two of them were slowly making their way toward the bed. I felt a little guilty watching them, but I told myself Ryan and Marcos didn't mind. After all, those guys had fucked in front of us more than once; and if they really wanted privacy, they could always close their blinds. 

"You can keep touching yourself," Chad said. "I know you want to." 

"What?" I asked. 

Chad gave me a knowing look. Then he looked down at my crotch. 

I suddenly realized I'd been playing with myself. I hadn't even known I was doing it. But there I was with my hands between my legs. 

"It's cool," Chad said. "I know how you are with group sex. And it's not exactly a secret I like watching you jack off." 

I wanted to say something, but then I saw Marcos had pulled Kyle onto the bed. Ryan, meanwhile, had stuck his hand down Jean-Jacques's Speedo, and was fondling its contents. All the guys were pretty scantily-clad, since they were still wearing the same stuff they'd worn in the pool. 

"Pull your pants down," Chad said. "You know you want to..." 

I didn't disagree, but I was just sitting in Chad's passenger seat, which didn't seem like the best place to do this. On the other hand, the fact that we were sitting in a parked car was probably part of the fun. 

Chad reached over, and he looked in my eyes as he undid my fly. I opened my pants and slid them down a few inches. Chad's hand responded in kind, and he caressed my crotch. 

By now Ryan had slid off his swimsuit, and he was pulling off Jean-Jacques's. Within seconds, both guys were naked. Marcos seemed to enjoy the view as much as I did; he laid back against the bed, and he pulled Kyle toward him. 

I felt Chad's tongue on my cock, and I looked down to see his head in my lap. He was bobbing up and down, the same way he always did, which felt as awesome as ever. I still felt a little self-conscious, since after all, we were on a public street. But at that point it felt so good that I was not about to complain. 

Marcos slid off his swimsuit, rolled onto his stomach, and stuck his butt in the air. Kyle bent down, put his face between Marcos's cheeks, and started licking away. As he did, Marcos put his arms around Ryan— who was just a few feet from them— and they shared a sensual kiss. 

"Mm," Chad said as he kept sucking my cock. He was stretched over the car's center console, but he didn't seem to mind. By now he'd undone his own pants, and he was stroking himself with with one hand, while he played with my balls with the other. 

Inside the window, Ryan and Marcos had broken off their kiss. Ryan was still getting rimmed, but he motioned to Jean-Jacques. I couldn't hear what he was saying, but I didn't need to. I knew Ryan was dying to get fucked, and by all indications, Marcos was too. I knew all too well that feeling of being hungry for dick. Chad and I had definitely had times where we both wanted to get fucked; we'd just never gone about it this way. 

Marcos laid flat on his stomach, in the same position as Ryan, and he spread his legs for Kyle. One of them must've brought condoms and lube: Jean-Jacques and Kyle both got themselves ready, and they assumed their positions. Then they slid their cocks inside Ryan and Marcos. 

"Oh yeah," I gasped as Chad's lips ran up my shaft. He was using his tongue to heighten my sensations, tracing patterns along my dick. Familiar waves of pleasure were cascading through me. 

Ryan and Marcos seemed pretty enraptured themselves. Jean-Jacques and Kyle were jackhammering away, to the point that I could see the mattress bouncing. All four of their faces were contorted with pleasure, and their thighs kept shuddering with each thrust. 

Chad took his mouth off my dick. "Now," he said, "I want to watch you get yourself off." 

"You mean—" 

"I've never seen you be a voyeur like this. It's actually pretty hot." 

"That's because I've never done this before. The most I've ever watched was guys getting naked, like at the gym and stuff—" 

"Or the showers at Shaw?" 

"Well yeah." 

"There's a first time for everything, isn't there?" 

I couldn't argue with that. I looked back at the house, where the two tops were now making out. Ryan lifted his ass a few inches, then pressed back against Jean-Jacques's crotch, apparently trying to get him in deeper. Marcos threw his head back, and his mouth dropped open, as he savored the cock that was ramming inside him. 

I started stroking my dick, but Chad had done such a good job of priming the pump, I was already close. I wasn't sure how long I could last. 

"Go ahead," he said. "You can bust whenever you want to." Chad sat back in his seat, and he gripped his own cock. "I want you to put on a show for me, the same way they're doing for you." 

I didn't need to be told twice. Considering my fetish, the sight of these four guys was enough to get me off. Coupled with the blowjob I'd just gotten, and the knowledge that Chad was turned on, I couldn't have stopped myself if I'd wanted to. I just clutched my penis and pounded away. 

Inside the house, Marcos went back to making out with Ryan. Now all four of the boys' bodies were connected, either though their lips or their crotches. They all managed to keep the same rhythm, so their muscles heaved back and forth in one wave after another. 

That was all I could take. I felt my cum surge through my cock, and my body writhed in ecstasy, till I shot all over myself. 

Chad wasn't far behind me. "Oh yeah," was all he said as he watched me get off. Then he went over the edge himself, and his cum splattered all over his shirt and his pants. 

I saw movement nearby, and I suddenly realized we weren't the only ones watching. The car in front of us was dark, but I could make out a big-haired woman inside. She was drinking what looked like a bottle of wine. 

"Holy shit," I said as I realized who it was. The twins' mom had apparently been sitting there the whole time. 

"Wait a minute," Chad said. "Is she doing the same thing we were?" 

I squinted. Sure enough, Mrs. Turner had her hand in her crotch, and she was arching her back. She seemed to be really into it too, and she never took her eyes off the dudes having sex. 

Chad and I exchanged glances. "Wow," he said. "Just wow. What a hypocrite." 

"I mean," I said, "a lot of straight guys like watching lesbians fuck. So if straight girls like watching gay guys—" 

"The way she acted, that's different." 

"Well yeah—" 

"I want to give that bitch a piece of my mind." 

"Now wait—" 

"I'm not gonna do it. I'm just saying I want to." He chewed his lip. "You know, that's actually really sad. Here she is, on a holiday, getting drunk by herself. She's probably craving all that dick she can't have." 

I nodded, but then I thought of something else. "Is she gonna be parked here all night?" I asked. "If she's as drunk as she looks, she shouldn't be driving—" 

"You think we should call the cops?" 

"Well... I mean I wouldn't want the guys to get in trouble either." 

"What's to get in trouble for? They're in a bedroom. That's what a bedroom is there for." 

"I know but... maybe they should be more discreet?" 

"I guess, but we probably aren't the ones to talk..." 

Before I could respond, I saw Jean-Jacques's body start to convulse. He was apparently cumming. Ryan seemed to be loving the ride; he jacked himself off, faster and faster, till he busted himself. 

I looked over at Chad. Neither of us seemed in any shape to talk to a cop, at least not in person. It was pretty obvious what we'd been doing: Chad had zipped up his pants, but his clothes were stained with jizz. I'd made quite a few cum stains myself, and the whole car smelled of sperm. 

Marcos pulled himself up, and he got on his knees. Kyle kept his dick inside Marcos the while time, grabbed his hips, and started pounding him from behind. Ryan went down on Marcos, while Jean-Jacques sat back and watched. 

It only took a few seconds for Marcos to get off. He made what looked like a scream— though we could only hear it muffled through the walls— and he unloaded in Ryan's mouth. Kyle pulled out of his ass, yanked off his condom, and gave himself a few strokes; then he shot ropes of cum across Marcos's butt cheeks. 

Finally all four of them laid down. They seemed to be catching their breath. Then Jean-Jacques reached up and turned off the lights, and they disappeared into the darkness. 

I noticed Mrs. Turner had gone totally still. From where I was sitting, she seemed to have passed out. It looked like she'd missed the big climax— or climaxes plural. 

"Let's get out of here," Chad said. 

I nodded, and Chad turned the ignition. As we pulled out of our spot, I tried to catch a good look at Mrs. Turner. She was fast asleep, with her face against the window, and she was apparently drooling. Her wine bottle was still visible, and her hand was still in her crotch. 

I was still conflicted about reporting her to the cops, but to me, it came down to safety. Even if Mrs. Turner never left her car, I knew she'd eventually wake up, and I assumed she'd try to drive home. I didn't want to risk that, so during our drive back, I did call the police. I didn't go into detail of course; I just told them I'd seen a drunk woman behind the wheel, and I left it there. The dispatcher said she'd send someone out. Chad and I never saw what happened after that. 

With the holiday over, I assumed we'd go back to our routines. But as it turned out, Chad's father filed for divorce that same weekend. Chad and I were there when Linda got served with the papers. By that point she knew it was coming; after all, she'd originally wanted to initiate it herself. Even so, it was still a sad moment, and it made their breakup feel very real. 

In the days that followed, Linda was hardly ever home. I don't know if she was meeting with lawyers or what, but it was just as well. As much as Chad wanted to be supportive, he also didn't want to get caught in the middle of their problems. He also didn't want to sit around and mope, so he basically buried himself in work. He stayed at the office even longer than before, and he volunteered for every project he could. This seemed to win him a lot of points with his boss, which went a long way toward making him feel appreciated. At the same time, I didn't like seeing my man under stress. 

At one point I suggested canceling our plans with Jean-Jacques. Under the circumstances, I wasn't sure it was the time to do something that frivolous. But Chad told me he still wanted to go. He needed to get his mind off things, and going to Flynn's show seemed an ideal way to do it. 

The Cockpit turned out to be a nondescript building on a sketchy-looking street. Its vibe was totally different from Thaxter's. There seemed to be no queeny guys in sight, and definitely no drag shows or anything like that. On the contrary, the place seemed to cater to military guys, so it was full of buzz cuts, square jaws, well-toned bodies, and such. 

Jean-Jacques apparently knew the people who worked there. He got us seats right in front of the stage. We did have time before the show started, so the three of us just chatted for a while. 

"By the way," Jean-Jacques said, "I like those friends of yours. Ryan and Marcos?" 

"Oh yeah?" 

"Kyle and I hooked up with them after." 

I wasn't sure whether to admit I already knew. But then I figured I had nothing to lose. "We saw." 

"You did?" 

"As we were leaving." 

Jean-Jacques shrugged. "Well then," he said without batting an eye, "I hope you enjoyed the show." 

Chad didn't say a word. I could tell he was on pins and needles, and I could only hope he was excited in a good way. After all, Chad been a fan of Flynn's for years, having watched his porn since high school. I was pretty sure he'd helped Chad realize he liked dudes. I knew it had to be a weird feeling for Chad, knowing he was about to see this guy in the flesh. 
