 On a recent trip to the Mideast I learned man-man sex is alive and well. After a week in-country I finally made it to a major metropolitan area. A local entertainment magazine provided by the hotel listed four men's sex stores, featuring the usual books, vids, toys, and also listed vid booths, theaters, dark rooms, hot tubs, a dry sauna in some of them. Only one was within walking distance of my hotel. I walked to the Sexy Store, it's actual name late in the evening. In a nice, safe neighborhood, the store had the usual collection of videos, books, toys, condoms at the counter for a dollar, lube and a variety of poppers – some the old fashioned, good stuff. I got some of all the latter and headed into the separate curtained off area. 

A video was showing in a hallway, free for all to watch; a hot sex vid of men sucking and fucking. The area was a rectangular hallway around a set of five booths with glory holes. One booth even had a sling suspended from the ceiling. On the back side of the booths there was a wash room and a toilet. To the right of the back side hallway there was a theater showing continuous free movies of man-man sex. The back wall of the theater had glory holes in it opening into a hallway curtained off from the rest of the area. 

I went into the booth with the sling first. This booth faced two other booths, each with two glory holes. I wanted to suck some cock, but both of the men in the other two booths at that time wanted the same thing. I left the booth, spent some time in the free theater, watching for some action or a likely cock to suck. No joy there, I headed downstairs. The downstairs area had a row of video booths – four of them – all with glory holes, the middle ones with holes in both walls. The videos were apparently free also, and all male, not a pussy in sight. 

I got into the only open booth, one on the end of the row, knelt, offered my fingers through the hole in the universal signal to suck a cock, and was presented promptly with a nice one – a good eight inches around, and thick, hard and oozing pre-cum. I took some hits on my bottle of poppers – the good ones. I kissed the tip of the cock sticking through the hole, tasted the pre-cum and licked it off. Took the head in my mouth, sucked it, and swallowed all the rest of the cock as it slid through the hole for my hot, wet mouth. I sucked it for some time, snorting the poppers from time to time before the man in the booth, retracted his throbbing cock, handed a tube of lube through the hole to me and offered his ass to me at the hole. 

I lubed his crinkled hole, put on a condom, lubed it, fingered him with one finger at first, added another, then a third, opening him gently for the fucking he obviously wanted. As he moaned in pleasure I slid my cock into him and fucked him through the hole still using my poppers. Both of us rocked in unison until I came a heavy load filling my condom. I pulled off the full rubber and dropped it into a trash can in the booth. He signaled me through the hole with his fingers. So, I offered my cock to him, and he cleaned it thoroughly for me. 

I left the booth and went into the adjacent dark room. Whew! It was really dark. The walls and floor were cement, I inched along one wall a hand extended feeling my way into the room. Soon my hand came into contact with a naked hip. I felt around the muscular thigh and found a nice, hard cock and big set of hairy balls. Grasping the cock, I knelt on the floor to lick the cock and take it into my mouth. As I sucked this man, others gathered around us. I could hear them slurping on the man's titties as I sucked his cock. I had dropped my pants and underwear. Another man felt my ass cheeks, lubed his fingers and fingered my crack and asshole. When I heard him put on a rubber and lube it, I raised my hips to give him access, used the poppers again, and put my mouth back on the cock that I was sucking. A long, thick cock entered my tight hole, slowly, gently. Then as I kept sucking, the man behind me fucked me good, picking up his pace until he throbbed, his cock swelled and he filled his condom with a heavy load of cum. The other two men were playing with my nipples while I sucked cock and was fucked. 

As the man fucking my ass shot his load into me, the man I was sucking filled my mouth with a load of creamy, tasty cum in five shots – two strong bursts, followed by two medium squirts, then a long dribble of slimy cum. I swallowed as much as I could, taking most of it, but some dribbled down my chin and onto the floor. The other pair then positioned themselves, one at my open ass, the other at my cummy, saliva dripping mouth, pausing only long enough for me to use the poppers again and to share them with them. They gave me the same good fucking that the first pair had given me. After fucking my mouth and ass for several minutes, they swapped positions, so I had both their cocks in my mouth and ass. Finally, they came, one in the rubber up my ass, the other in my mouth. Again, I swallowed a nice load of cum, then turned around and knelt down to clean the cock of the man who had been so kind as to fuck my ass and cum in it.

I thought I was through in the dark room, was ready to head back upstairs to try getting into one of the booths for some more cocksucking, when a big, strong man, naked, as I was by now also, clasped me to his hairy body. He held me tight against him, our sweaty bodies skin to skin as he kissed me on the mouth, then Frenched me, swirling his tongue in my cummy mouth. I gave him my tongue, and yielded to him as he stroked my cock and fondled my balls. I returned the favor, finding a long, thick cock, bigger than the others I had taken already that night. I guessed at least 9" x 6" around, and handball-size nuts in a lowhanging, hairy sack. 

He nuzzled my neck, went down to kiss, lick and suck my nipples, tongue my navel, kiss, lick and suck my cock and mouth my balls while I sniffed the poppers until I was throbbing hard, ready to cum again. He rose and pushed down on my shoulders. I went down on him doing as he had done to me, kissing, licking and sucking, tonguing, mouthing my way down his hairy body until I had half his cock in my stretched wide mouth. I took as much of his length as I could handle without gagging and relished the taste, feel and smell of his pre-cum sliming my tongue and the inside of my mouth as I stroked the part of his firm shaft at his wiry pubes. His cock throbbed and swelled in my mouth. I thought he was going to give me his cum, but he pulled my mouth off his cock and lifted me by my armpits. He relaxed a moment, kissing me and nuzzling my neck again. Then he put on a condom, lubed it, lifted my left leg, leaned me back holding me with his other strong, muscular arm. His big cock bounced up and down between my legs, thumping against my balls, then sliding back and forth in my crack as he humped, seeking my hole. I took more draughts on the poppers to relax my already fucked ass for his big cock. I reached down and guided him to my anus. Holding him for a moment in place I squatted slightly to insert his big knob past my spinchter. I gasped as his thickness entered me, although I had been fucked by three other men already. 

As I paused adjusting to his size, he said something in his language that I did not understand. I wanted all of his cock in me, so I bent my knees a bit more taking more of him into me. "Umnh," he grunted. "Yes," I said in his language – one of the few words I knew. He hunched up slowly, gently, pushing his full length into me. "Oh yeah, fuck me," I moaned, in English.

Fuck me, he did. Did he ever. Slowly at first, then faster, finally ramming his cock up into me as I bounced up and down on his stiff shaft taking it to his pubic hairs. I offered the open bottle of poppers to him and he snorted each nostril full of the intoxicating elixir, his cock hardening even more with each sniff. With my cock squashed between our bellies, I came hard and long, shot after shot of my cum coating our stomachs and running down into our pubes. Naturally, my ass clenched his long, thick rod and brought him to a climax. He filled his condom to overflowing and his slime dripped down the insides of my thighs. He pulled out of me finally with a plop, kissed me on the mouth again, and let me go. Weak and reeling from the poppers I had been using I put my clothes on and went back upstairs. 

I got into one of the booths and sucked two more cocks to completion before I had enough for the night and went back to my hotel, sexually satisfied and looking forward to returning the next night for more sucking and fucking.

All the cocks I had there were circumcised so you can guess where I was visiting. I plan to return sooner rather than later for more sex with men the way it used to be in the U.S. before glory holes all but disappeared and the good poppers became a thing of the past here. Perhaps I can even learn enough of the language to arrange some good times in my hotel rooms or the homes of some of the men while visiting there. They are sure good and eager for sucking and fucking.