 "...and furthermore, due to the sales decline in the last quarter, we will have to resort to some budget cuts. Mr. Cooper has some inputs on the matter..."

Yeah, I bet he has some inputs on the matter. He could yank down my pants, bend me over the closest chair and give me one or two inputs any time of the day, that handsome old bear. 

I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. Ben, focus. You need to finish this report today, and you're already stuck here way after hours. Just keep working and try not to focus on how fucking horny you are. You'll take care of it at home.

My fingers reluctantly started typing on the keyboard again. 

"...regarding some possible financial optimizations of the resources being overused in our workplace, mainly within the research department..."

I wish I didn't say "yes" to taking over this damn report - it was the lengthiest and driest piece of crap I've ever written at this job. But I could never say "no" to anything that Logan, my direct supervisor, asked me to do. God, Logan... Only two years younger than me and still looking like a college senior. Every time he calls me into his office, I have to fight every single instinct in my body not to get a boner. 

"...especially regarding the supplies and the amount of the material..."

That goddamn twink... That devil HAD to know what those hazel eyes and sly smile of his were doing to me. Maybe next time he doesn't call me over to do a quarterly report - maybe next time, he tells me to lock the door, then he opens his pants and then orders me to take that sweet ass of his as mine, right in that big, comfy leather chair he has...

"Fuck..." I whispered to myself as my suit started feeling uncomfortably stuffy. The AC was busted but the company still required us to keep appearances and wear formal clothing. Which means that every single day I would get sweaty like a dog in this goddamn shirt and goddamn jacket. Actually... to hell with it now! It's almost seven, so nobody is going to see me around at this point anyway!

I lost the jacket and threw it over my desk. Then, I loosened up my tie and undid the first couple of buttons, letting my hairy chest breathe a little. Being as hairy as me certainly didn't help - ever since I turned thirty, my body started pushing out hair in every single place there was room for it. I turned on the little fan I had on my desk and let myself relax for a bit. Closed my eyes, took a deep breath and then opened them as I turned my chair to face the window. I just needed a couple of seconds, that was it.

The sun was already setting and the high view of the city was quiet and peaceful - it made me wish I was at home, with my working AC and my comfy couch, computer mouse in one hand and my dick in the other. Or maybe I could arrange a Grindr hookup... But lately, it seemed that everyone I could arrange something with was a flake. I haven't touched a man in almost six months. Damn! That has to affect your mental health, doesn't it?

What was ruining the scenery of the window a little bit were the cables hanging off from the roof, occasionally bumping into the window screen. They belonged to the window cleaner, who was supposed to wash down the windows on this side of the building. I heard him working a couple floors above a minute ago. Since it was a very narrow side, I assumed he was working alone like me. Poor guy... I definitely could relate to him. 

Okay, break time is over, Ben. Time to focus, send off this document, straight-up RUN to my car and drive the fuck home. 

"...because he sees it as excessive. A change of suppliers was also suggested - his first dick..."

Dammit, I meant to write "pick". I let out a grunt as I angrily hit backspace a couple times. 

"...pick is one of our previous business partners, who has proven to handle enormous loads..."

Ugh, that sounds like it's a line from a porn movie. What other words could I use?

"...to handle bigger orders and always deliver on time. We have already sent a request for an offer, but we haven't heard bareback..."

"SCREW THIS!" I cursed loudly as my fists met my desk with a bang. Shit... there was no way I was going to be able to finish this report in this crazy mind state. I had to do something else for a bit, distract my thoughts. Anything. Maybe... maybe I could just check out some porn to give me a fix and some teaser for the evening...

I minimized the document and pulled up the browser on my company issued laptop. A quick google search later, my eyes were already feasting on a young twink getting railed by his teacher. God dammit, this was a raunchy scene... And beautifully shot. You could see everything. It felt like I was actually there, in the arms of that daddy of a teacher, really giving it to me on the high school desk...

My eyes slid down to the tense bulge in my underwear. My dick has been trapped in my skin-tight briefs all day, it needed a release so badly it almost hurt. But I couldn't. My office had one of those new shitty extreme open door policies. There was nothing in my door frame, just an opening. Anybody could see me doing everything from the hallway. Fortunately, the screen wasn't facing the door and the audio was off so they wouldn't see the porn, but if I whipped it out, it would be as discreet as a lighthouse in the middle of the night, flashing everyone walking there from below the table. 

The porn was getting hotter and hotter as another teacher joined in and they started spitroasting the guy. The acting was above average and the actors looked more like models than porn stars. I let out a silent weep as I rubbed my bulge hard. I was SO horny!! At this point, there was no way this could be postponed any longer. Should I just...

It was 7PM. On a Friday. EVERYBODY had to be out of the building, right? They just HAD to be! I haven't heard anyone or seen anybody walk by in the last two hours. Unless someone was pulling off some serious overtime like me, which I doubted, it should be pretty safe for me to just... jerk off here without being seen, right?

It would calm your mind, Ben, said the little imaginary devil on my shoulder. Just rub one off. No harm done. Look at that twink taking the two dicks at once like a pro. You have to honor that with at least one load, don't you? You've been pent up for so long... You deserve a relief.

I was starting to get really hot, full-on panting as my eyes refused to move away from the screen, where the student started eating his teacher out like a fucking feast, sticking his long, eager tongue right between his hairy butt cheeks. My dick was now leaking enough precum to create a small wet spot on my pants.

My tongue ran over my dry lips. My heart was racing. My right hand adjusted the laptop screen for a better view while the left one sank down to my lap, slowly pulling the metal zipper open...

A knock - no, three knocks - right on the doorframe! I nearly had a heart attack!! Quickly, I closed the laptop screen and snapped my legs closed so the open fly and the giant bulge would be less apparent. Of course my face was red, but I couldn't do anything about that! My eyes shot up, the panicked look in them undoubtedly admitting to what I was just doing, to see who was in the doorframe. 

Nobody. 

I breathed out, relieved but a little confused. Eh, probably just a hallucination. It was close though... I opened my laptop again and the porn started playing once again. Maybe I should just focus on the report. Maybe this was a warning from above not to do irresponsible shit that could easily get me fired. Maybe-

The three knocks echoed through my office again, this time louder! I nearly fell out of my chair in shock. I knew what was happening now - they weren't actually coming from the doorframe, they were coming from the opposite side of the office - the window! 

Cold sweat washed over me as I stood up and turned around. I saw a huge figure of a man looking over me, attached to the rope. He was wearing a big, red helmet, blue overalls and had a bucket and a sponge in a small contraption that he carried with himself on the rope. 

He had a dark skin, and he was built - his clothes had a hard time concealing how much of a hunk he was. He rolled up the sleeves of his overalls, showing off his arms - hairy bulks of pure muscle. I could see by the hair sticking out of the top of his collar that he was just as hairy as me, if not more. He also grew a mustache on his very angular and muscular face.

His dark eyes and a knowing, toothy smile stared at me as I stood there like a statue. I didn't know what was gonna happen now... Surely he wasn't going to tell on me, was he? That would be ridiculous. But if he wasn't, why the sly smirk on his face?

That's when I noticed his hand sliding between his legs and rubbing his swollen crotch. I gasped. Did he get hard off the sight of the porno on the screen, which was clearly visible from his side... or from the sight of me watching it?

His other hand tapped the window again, on the side where the handle was. He was gesturing for me to open it. It opened inside, so the only reason for that would be... Oh! 

I... shouldn't. I knew I shouldn't. The fucking doorway was open and inviting. Anyone could see me and him! But on the other hand... My cock was so sore from being hard all day. My balls were blue and aching. My mouth felt so dry - I haven't sucked a dick in ages. I couldn't think straight. The lust was almost painful. Not to mention the adrenaline aspect of this all. I had to do it. I knew I did. 

I stepped closer to the window and opened it in one swing. The fresh air and the sound of commotion filled my office. I stepped closer to the opening, my eyes up on the man above me. He descended a little bit on the rope and then his hand reached for the zipper of his overalls. 

His overalls were one of those really impractical ones which you had to open from the neck and then down all the way if you ever needed to take out your dick, exposing your whole frontal body. I didn't complain though - it meant I was getting a show. I watched the hunk before me bare his impossibly hairy chest with meaty, full pecs and hints of abs at the bottom. He was sweaty as fuck - working hard all day, saving up all that musk, being as ripe and juicy as he could... I couldn't wait until I got his taste on my lips.

My sight hungrily followed his hand as it continued to unpack this amazing unexpected present I was getting. He uncovered his bush and finally his fat cock - uncut, as thick as a log and glistening with sweat, paired together with a set of low hangers dangling right under it. He was already cock hard and was guiding his twitching cock in my direction. 

"Chupame, mamón," he said to me in a husky voice. I didn't speak a word of Spanish but I would know what he wanted me to do even if he spoke Japanese. There was only one thing in the world he could have wanted and I wanted it just as much as he did.

Fuck it, I said to myself. To hell with it. If someone from the company sees me worshipping this angel from the heavens, this sweaty hairy stud, then good. Spread the word. Let everyone know I'm hungry for cock and have the whole company line up before my office and feed me their dicks. I'm going to suck off each and every one of them to absolute completion with an honest smile on my cum-covered face. 

And I'm going to start with this one. 

My hands grabbed the window frame as I leaned out of the window a little bit to access the juicy piece of man meat in front of me. Don't look down, I thought to myself as I opened my mouth and pushed that fat tip right between my lips. I looked up at the window cleaner, safely attached to the rope, enjoying a blowjob twenty-five stories up in the air. His handsome face looked down at me with a grin and he started thrusting his cock between my lips impatiently.

I gagged as my mouth started filling up with the taste of this man. The pure, manly, honest essence of sweat you would ONLY get from a full day of hard work. I moaned and let it take over my senses. Sure, I could get sweaty, but a suit like me could never smell like this. This man was out there doing some actual tangible work while I was just another one of the office rats, transforming nonsense into emails. This guy deserved my mouth on his dick and I was determined to worship this blue collar god.

"Sí," he grunted, as I started sliding my hungry tongue under his foreskin. My lips smacked as I was using them to wash this hunk's dick, not leaving a single inch of it unnoticed. I was making love to that dick, letting him all the way in my throat and rubbing his hard, throbbing tip between my soft lips. It was heaven. It was like a small vacation - all of the stress, all of the thoughts about what I had to do at my job - gone. And it only took one dick.

It's hard to describe exactly how good the cock felt in my mouth. It was like having a sip of cold, clear water after wandering in a desert for hours. It felt so right - pleasuring a man like this, debasing my mouth to be a mere tool for his physical pleasure. I was giving it my all, my honest 110%. 

That wasn't enough for my stallion though. He readjusted and one of his legs suddenly wrapped around my body. He pulled me closer - I was afraid he was going to pull me out of the window for a second - and started thrusting into my mouth with zealous strength. I was pulled into this guy's sweaty lap, his dick all the way in my throat, and had no chance but to deepthroat all of his uncut meat while my nose was rubbing against his hairy skin. And after the initial shock, I wouldn't want it any other way. I relaxed my throat and let the muscular angel destroy my throat while his sweaty balls slapped against my chin.

If you were lucky enough to be under my office building with a set of binoculars at that exact time, you would see a muscular man feeding the entire length of his dick to an eager cock-sucking suit leaning out of the window and doing his best at it. And then, if you stuck around for a while, you would maybe notice the window cleaner almost acrobatically moving his free leg and rubbing his heavy work boot over my tenting crotch. 

I moaned loudly around his cock as he did that and let a long string of his precum mixed with my saliva drip from my lips and fall all the way down to the sidewalk. I knew I wouldn't be able to last long - and I knew this was an expensive suit! I turned my eyes up to his, begging him not to tease me like this but the devil just chuckled and started rubbing his boot harder and harder against my dick. He was merciless and rough but what he was doing was working. He was about to make me cum into my pants.

The sounds of my moaning were muffled by his cock invading my throat. I closed my eyes and got ready for the inevitable climax. This was going to be a big one, even with the tough treatment of his boot. I let out an awkward and long moan as I came. It felt like all the stress was leaving my body through my dickhole.

The orgasm washed over me and made me shiver. I felt the climax rattle my body like a storm. My dick was shooting ropes of cum. My briefs were absolutely soaked and so were my pants. I felt the hot liquid slowly run down my hairy thighs all the way down to my socks. The sensation was so intense that, for a second, I even forgot about the dick in my mouth. 

Not for long, though. Right after I managed to come to my senses, the window cleaner started cumming right into my throat. I heard him roar like the alpha stud he was and felt his cum filling up my mouth and overflowing it. I could taste his earthy, rich cum - it didn't disappoint neither in taste nor in volume. He fucked my throat some more, making the cum leak out of my lips and stain my entire face with it. I felt sticky and used and fucking amazing. 

After he calmed down, he stopped thrusting and let me clean his cock from all the leftover juice. I made sure to do a good job cleaning him up and even sucked on his delicious low-hanging balls too. He chuckled and ran his hand through my hair. Neither of us was in a rush, so when his cock and balls finally popped out of my mouth, there wasn't a hint of sweat on them anymore - just my saliva.

I saw him panting a little bit, looking relaxed - very relaxed for someone who was hanging on a rope so damn high. He quickly zipped up and descended a little bit to line his face up with mine. 

"Gracias," he sighed before he grabbed my chin and planted a deep kiss right onto my cum covered lips. He wasn't afraid to taste his own juices and his tongue gave mine quite a workout. After a solid minute of frenching, he pulled back and nodded a goodbye at me, descending further and out of my view. 

I collapsed on the floor in my office, his taste still in my mouth and my cum slowly drying and cooling off on my thighs. Now that I was "sober" I thanked god nobody came through the hallway. I don't know how I would explain that... No matter how fucking hot it was at the moment.

After a couple minutes, I managed to stand up and closed the window. I sat back down to the laptop, finally closed the porn that was playing for the whole time and got back to the report. It only took me about ten minutes to finish it this time. No wonder - my mind was finally bright and clean - just like those windows.