 Before you read this, and judge me, be aware that it is about sucking cock under degrading circumstances.

My first taste of cock, and cum was when I was young, after we were out of high school, we were 19 and 20 years old.

Another kid and I would play strip poker for fun. The looser had to jerk off the winner. But after a while, he brought forward the idea that the looser should have to suck the winners cock.

As our game progressed, I found myself in my underpants while he still had his tee shirt, jeans and underpants on.

With the next hand he pressed his advantage and of course, I found myself naked and committed to sucking his cock. I tried to get out of it, but he insisted since the forfeit was predetermined and I owed it to him.

He sat back and I started to move my head towards his naked, very hard cock. I hesitated and he pushed on the back of my head, pushing my mouth onto his cock. My mouth of course opened and, now a hard cock was in my mouth. It was done, from now on there could be no denying it I was a cocksucker.

He told me to suck down on his cock and took ahold of my head and moved it up and down. So I was sucking and he was setting the pace for his cocksucking victory. I knew he was the winner as I tasted, and sucked on cock. He let go of my head and now I was giving a full on blow job, moving my mouth on his cock as I sucked. I could tell by his movements and noises he was making that he was really enjoying it. Then some thrusts, and he held my head still as his cock pulsed and shot cum into my mouth. I tried to pull off of his cock but he grabbed me and held my mouth in place.

His cock erupted and stroked cum over my tongue and all around in my mouth. I sure didn't want to swallow that but I really had no choice and swallow I did.

When he relaxed, i fell back onto the floor. Totally humiliated and degraded, but realizing that; it wasn't as bad as I thought and in some ways enjoyable. I grabbed my cock and stroked it only a few times and shot off my load of spunk.

After that I sucked his cock on many occasions, almost at his will.

On another occasion; He got into the shower, and I stood there waiting, holding the towel. I was feeling kind of foolish, but it wasn't in me to leave. When he got out, standing there naked, he made a remark about how I was being such a nice butler for him. I kind of smiled and blushed, I realized how subservient I was being.

After he dried his hair and chest, Gary handed me the towel, and told me to dry his back, then he turned around. I was totally caught up. I started to dry his back, after that, he told me to dry the backs of his legs. I went to my knees, and dried his legs. Then he turned around. His cock was right in front of my face, semi hard and long, 8 inches long. I just looked at it as I held the towel on his legs. Then Gary nudged his cock forward towards me. Once, twice, and on the third time his cock bumped against my lips. I kind of mumbled "no" and shook my head, "no.", then, the next time his cock came forward, my mouth was open, and his cock went in.

As it was in my mouth, it got harder, and thicker, filing my mouth. Then he started stroking in and out. Easy, short strokes at first, then deeper, he put his hand on the back of my head. I just remained on my knees, and let him use my mouth. Up to now, I thought that a guy wasn't supposed to have another guy's cock in his mouth, that it was wrong, that it was queer. That was what I always heard. But this felt all right, it wasn't gross at all, his cock didn't taste bad, it felt fine, a cock in my mouth felt fine. I sucked down on it a little on his cock and moved my head along with his thrusts. "OH, mmmm OH, yeah that feels nice." Gary told me. WOW, his compliment some how made me feel good. Here this macho jock was complimenting me. It didn't matter that it was for me sucking on his cock, for being a fag. Me being on my knees before a naked jock with a large hard cock in my mouth. it was a compliment from a jock, a stud.

"MMMMMM, Oh yeah that feels nice, I haven't had anything feel this good since I broke up with Beth."

Now he stroked harder, deeper, deeper up to my throat. I gaged but I held still for his cock. I sucked down on his cock, sucking on the cock filling my mouth, I even moaned a little. MMMMM, Yes, suck it, OHHH suck on my cock. OH your mouth feels so good, you make my cock feel good."

I sucked harder, wanting to please him. I had no will of my own. My cock was rock hard. He held me a little harder with his hand on my head, and stroked in and out of my sucking mouth. I was drooling, gagging and sucking on his cock. Happy to please him. I jammed my mouth down deeper on his cock, his cock invading my throat. I was feeling that his hard cock in my sucking mouth was the proper thing to do.

Then "OOHHOOO MMMMMMM, AAAGGGGGGG, YES, YEAH, SUCK COCK BABY, SUCK IT MMMMMMMM."

I sucked hard, sucked down hard on his cock. Then his rock hard cock pulsed in my mouth, pulsed over and over, and pumped hot cum into my mouth. Gary pumped and stroked spreading his cum all in my mouth, and shooting cum into my throat.

I gagged, I drooled, I swallowed.

"AAHHHH!", he pulled out and leaned back against the door jam. I got off my knees and went to the sink and spit some, and drooled, and wiped my tongue on a towel.

Gary went down the hall to his room and fell on his bed. I remained in the bathroom and pulled out my cock and stroked it. Just a couple of strokes and it shot into the sink. Then I followed down the hall, kind of ashamed, kind of hot, kind of pleased that I had pleased a top jock. And my cock still felt good, with the knowledge of what I had done.

He looked at me from the bed. And said, "That's all for now, but you can come back tomorrow."

I left, not knowing how I felt, not knowing if I would go back or not.

Well, that brings me to today, and what I have become.

Now I crave humiliation and degradation. I crave sucking cock, the more humiliating the better.

Today after breakfast I received a phone call from a man I have met through Squirt.

By the phone number, I knew what was going to transpire.

All he said was; "I want my cock sucked."

Then he hung up.

I went to my car, got in and started for his apartment.

i rang the bell, he buzzed me in. His apartment door was opened a little. I entered. Right away, I closed, and locked the door, stripped off all my clothes, and went to my knees.

He was naked, with a semi hard on, sitting on a kitchen chair. I crawled over to him.

""Suck my cock!"

I bent forward and took his cock into my mouth, as he cursed the web, and sipped some morning coffee.

After a couple of minutes he grunted, and thrust into my mouth and began shooting his spunk into my suck hole.

He get's very sensitive after coming and pulled out still shooting cum. It dribbled off his cock and onto the wooden chair he was on.

"Lick it up."

My head bowed, and I licked up cum.

He got up and went into the bathroom to clean up.

I got up, got redressed, and left.

I know many here won't get this, they won't get why I would let myself be used an degraded this way, but to me this is how I live, this is my sex life.