 You do not need to read the first four chapters of this story to enjoy this story of a straight man that gets submerged into the drag queen world of San Francisco (but obviously it helps). In case you are curious how this straight married man got into this predicament here is a brief summary of the first four chapters of "Cocksucker":

Chapter 1: Cocksucker
Chapter 2: Cocksucker Training
Chapter 3: Crossdressing
Chapter 4: Cum Bucket

Chris, a married straight man, is stuck at the airport when his flight is delayed and, while waiting at the bar, he is slyly seduced by a younger man. After submitting to him in a washroom stall, he must complete seven humiliating tasks to get his wedding ring back. Task one was to walk around with cum on his face until he got to his hotel room hundreds of miles away and go tell the women at the check in counter why he was late for his flight "I was sucking cock in the bathroom". 

Task two was to service a very gay hotel clerk and begin his training of being a cocksucker. He also gets his first blow job from a man. Disobeying an order from his Master also leads him to sucking an older man's cock.

Task three was to go and purchase lingerie at an adult store and wear it underneath his clothes at all times. This led to a visit to a glory hole and the beginning of his crossdressing. He also ends up learning the older man he sucked last night is his boss's father which complicates matters greatly. He also ends up the centerpiece of a gay sex train as he takes his first three loads in his ass...including losing his anal virginity to a she-male.

Task four hasn't been given yet (it will be in this chapter), but task five is for him to dress up as a girl and enter the amateur drag queen competition at a local drag queen bar.

I hope you enjoy the continuing adventures of a straight married man who not only learns he is a cocksucker, but also loves a cock in the ass and obeying every man's orders. 

Thanks to Robert, goamz86 and MAB7991 for editing this story and series.

COCKSUCKER: Cum Slut

I was awakened by my cell phone buzzing a little after nine. Apparently, I hadn't set my alarm, and the day two keynote had already started.

I grabbed it, assuming it was Gary. I also assumed that he knew about my being used by all the men in my room last night. The message was indeed from Gary:

cocksucker

I hope you had fun last night. You're a much bigger FAGGOT than I thought you were. Today, we will continue your evolution into my slut girl by fulfilling two tasks. You already know task five is going and entering an amateur drag queen competition tonight, but first you need to become the TWINK you obviously are. 

The text ended, again without the task. His mind games only aggravated this already fucked-up situation. In my hotel bed, replaying yesterday in my head, I was aghast at all I had done. I had been used willingly as a cum bucket by a bunch of strangers and had loved every second of it. I got undressed, still dressed in lingerie from last night, and had a long shower...trying to wash away the cum that was still on my face, ass and legs. 

When I returned to the bed, I saw my phone was flashing:

cocksucker

Task 4: You will go for a manicure, pedicure and full Brazilian (shave your whole body including your cock). You will be the prettiest cocksucker there tonight.

I sighed. This would be rather tough to explain to Laura. Yet, as I put on a fresh pair of panties, I knew I was going to obey. I put on a pair of black pantyhose and a bra, before hiding my inner slut with a suit and tie. 

With trepidation, I went to meet Oliver. I had seen '40 Year Old Virgin' and the thought of having my legs waxed petrified me. Yet, I was so deep in my submission to Gary, I was no longer pretending to do it just to get my wedding ring back, I was going to obey again...the pain and the consequences be damned.

"Ready?" Oliver asked, when I walked up to him.

"Ready is a strong word," I answered, with a slight smile.

"They say no pain, no gain and that is almost never truer than with what you are about to experience," he said, as we left the hotel. "But in the end, you will look super fucking sexy."

"Great, my wife will be thrilled," I said.

"At least she won't get pubes in her mouth when she sucks you," he shrugged.

"I'm married, that doesn't happen anymore," I quipped back.

The next two hours I was massaged, pampered and tortured. By the time I left the salon, I had no hair anywhere except the top of my head...my whole body slightly burning.

Back at the hotel, Oliver and I got into a sixty-nine and blew each other. Not surprisingly, I came first.

Once we both had shot our loads in each others' mouth, Oliver said, "It was great to meet you, Chris."

"You're not coming tonight for my debut?" I asked.

"No, I'm off to Los Angeles for an Elton John concert," he said.

"Figures," I said, for some reason disappointed that he wouldn't be there and at the realization I would likely never suck his cock again.

"Hey, be careful. Soon you will be joining our gay cult and singing 'I'm Still Standing' and doing your 'Tiny dance'," he joked as he walked out the door.

Once he was gone, I was going through all the crap in my pockets when I found the card of the black guy I had blown yesterday. Realizing I had three hours to kill before Carol would be here to dress me up, I wondered if I could get another load from him.

I texted:

Sir,

I am the cocksucker from the glory hole yesterday. I have some free time if you want to shoot a load in me. I have a hotel room.

Eager cocksucker

I stared at the phone, praying he would text back. My hunger for cum, for being on my knees, possessed my every thought. Unfortunately, he didn't respond, and I turned on the television. After a few minutes, I wondered if Debbie was working or Anthony. I needed cock and I needed it now...what was becoming of me? I then decided to see if James was in his room.

I walked next door and knocked on the door. My cock was stiff and a chill went up my spine when I heard the door open.

James looked at me and smiled. "Are you here to suck cock, Chris?"

"Yes, sir," I answered, wanting to go into his room, but he was blocking my way.

"How bad do you want it?" he asked, clearly amused.

"So bad, sir," I said, using a tone that implied desperation.

"How bad is so bad?" he questioned.

"I am so hungry for your cum, sir," I said, not remotely ashamed by the words out of my mouth and just how gay it must have sounded.

"Come on in," he finally said, letting me in.

"Thank you, sir," I absurdly said, following him in.

I turned the corner and froze. Sitting in a chair with a beer in his hand was James' son, my boss, Kevin.

"My Dad told me you were a cocksucker, but I didn't believe it," Kevin said, taking a long chug of beer.

"I can explain," I began, before realizing I wasn't sure that was true.

"You can explain why you have now twice come to my father's room and begged to suck his cock?" Kevin asked.

"Not really," I sighed, the end of my career and likely my marriage flashing before my very eyes.

"So you really like sucking cock?" Kevin asked.

"I didn't before a couple of days ago," I admitted.

"But now?" he asked for clarification.

"Yes," I nodded, ashamed.

"I'm not going to lie, this is a big surprise," Kevin said.

"I understand," I said.

Kevin stood up and asked, "So do you still want to suck cock?"

"Pardon?" I asked, surprised by his words. I had expected him to tell me I was fired.

"Well, you crave cock, I have a cock, the math seems pretty simple," he said.

"I'm not fired?" I asked.

"Fired?" he chuckled, "I think this only enhances your portfolio," he said, before adding, "if you are as good as Dad says you are."

James finally spoke, "Are you going to suck him or not, cocksucker?"

Being called a cocksucker in front of my boss was humiliating, yet with the secret out, and Kevin seemingly okay with it, I apparently had nothing to lose.

I walked to Kevin, dropped to my knees, my hands trembling slightly, and fished his cock out of his pants.

It was already semi-hard when I took it in my mouth. Kevin groaned, "Shit, you really are a cocksucker. I really thought Dad was bullshitting me."

I just kept bobbing slowly on his cock, allowing it to grow in my mouth, as I pondered what this may all mean when I got back to work. Would I be sucking his cock regularly? Did I want to?

As if reading my mind, James said, "I told you. Just think you will have your own personal cum bucket at the office."

Kevin laughed, making his cock vibrate in my mouth, "I suppose so. Do you want to be my personal cum bucket, Chris?"

The question asked, I really had no choice but to answer yes, partly because I would likely get fired if I said no and honestly the idea of having a cock available to keep my cravings satisfied was a relief. So I answered, taking his now fully erect six inch cock out of my mouth, "Yes, sir, I would love to be your personal cum bucket."

"Very interesting," was all he said, as I returned to sucking his cock. 

I began bobbing faster, when I heard James say, "Mine too, cocksucker."

I turned and took James in my mouth, while I stroked Kevin. 

Kevin joked, "Well Dad, this is a new father-son activity."

James laughed, "Not one I thought I would be sharing with you."

For the next few minutes, I went back and forth between their two cocks, sucking one while stroking the other. 

Finally, James grabbed my head and began fucking my face as he demanded, his balls bouncing off my chin, "Take all my cock, bitch."

I slobbered, focusing on not gagging, until I felt his cum spray down my throat.

As soon as he pulled out, Kevin, shoved his cock in my mouth, and replicated his father's rough treatment of my face.

Like his father, he had a quick trigger release as he fucked my face and I got my second load in a couple of minutes.

When he pulled out, he looked down at me and asked, "Do you take it in your ass too, Chris?"

"Yes," I admitted, flashing back to yesterday's sex orgy in my room.

"Good to know," he nodded, as he put his cock back in his pants. "I need to get back to the conference. Until next time, Chris."

"Thanks for not firing me," I said, still on my knees.

"Thanks for swallowing my load," he replied casually.

A couple of minutes later I was back in my room, my head spinning with the reality that not only had my boss learned about my lurid sexual perversion, but I had sucked him off.

Collapsing on my bed, I noticed my phone was flashing.

A rush of excitement coursed through me that it might be the black guy. The fact was that even though I had just swallowed two loads and should have been satisfied, I instantly wanted more. I grabbed my phone and read the message:

White boy,

I am at across the street from where you blew me yesterday.. Come to the worksite and ask for Bart.

Do it now, cocksucker!

I stared at the message. He wanted me to meet him at his work. That was way more dangerous. I felt safe in my hotel room. I didn't respond at first, and then another message arrived.

It's now or never cocksucker!

Respond!!!

Suddenly feeling compelled to obey, I quickly responded:

Sir

I will be there in a few minutes.

My mouth watering at the thought of not just another cock, but the big black cock I had sucked at the glory hole, common sense flew out the window.

I quickly left my hotel room, walked down the hallway and back outside. It was only a couple block walk, although up hill, to where I was to go. The whole time as I walked past men, I wondered if they too were cocksuckers, or looking for a cocksucker. 

Reaching the construction site, I paused. What was I getting myself into? I would have no control over this situation once I walked inside and found Bart. Yet, as seemed to be the new norm, I threw caution to the wind...my hunger for more cock, more cum again overriding common sense. I walked onto the site and towards an older white man, I asked, "Do you know where I can find Bart?"

"Seventh floor," the man said, barely looking at me.

I hoped I would be ignored like that for the rest of my time there. I walked up to the seventh floor, which was a bit exhausting, apparently I wasn't in great shape, and found four men sitting down, obviously on their coffee break. Two of them were black. I froze not sure what I was getting myself into.

Yet, my hunger for cum took over yet again as I asked, "Hi, um, I'm looking for Bart."

The bigger of the two black men smiled and said, "Oh good, cocksucker is here."

My face burned in shame at his blatant attempt at humiliation and control.

"Come here, cocksucker," he ordered.

I put my head down and sheepishly walked over to him. 

He chuckled, "Couldn't get enough black cock?" 

"No, sir," I whispered as I reached him.

"Sir," he roared, "you're too good to be true. Knees."

I obeyed.

"Well, what are you waiting for?" he asked, as one of the white guys went to the door, closed it and pushed a table in front of it...at least I wouldn't get anyone else walking into my cocksucking submission.

I awkwardly fished his cock out of his pants and, ignoring the fact that I had three strangers watching, took it in my mouth. 

"That's it, cocksucker, get me nice and hard," he groaned.

I eagerly obliged, trying to forget I had an audience, as his cock grew in my mouth. The sensation of knowing I was making this big cock hard turned me on. Once it was completely hard, looking way bigger without a wall in the way, I began bobbing hungrily.

A couple of minutes in, the talk from around me began.

"Holy shit, Bart, how do you get these cocksuckers?"

"I have a magic cock," he chuckled, as I wondered how many men came and sucked him off at work.

"Fuck, he is really an eager cocksucker," another said.

And I was...I hungrily bobbed up and down on his big cock, again craving cum, ignoring the commentary from the strangers and the utter shame that should have come with being watched performing such an act. Yet, my thoughts were not of shame, but of whether I would get to suck the other black cock and the two white men.

Bart groaned, "That's it cocksucker, showcase that pretty mouth of yours."

Having my mouth called 'pretty' only enhanced the utter submission I was currently partaking in as I moaned in agreement while I continued bobbing on his glorious cock.

I heard from behind words that enhanced my hunger, "Hurry up, Bart, we want our turn with the cocksucker."

Bart chuckled, "You guys always want my sloppy seconds."

I wondered again how often men came to the worksite to suck his cock.

"Here it comes, cocksucker," he grunted, before filling my mouth a few seconds later.

I hungrily swallowed his tasty seed until every last drop had slid down my throat.

I barely had time to savour his cum when I heard someone say, "Get over here, cocksucker."

I allowed Bart's cock to slip out of my mouth and, without hesitation, turned around to see the other black man had his cock out. To my surprise, apparently not every black man have a huge cock, as hard he was barely five inches. 

I quickly crawled over to him, still in complete submissive mode, and took his cock in my mouth. 

"That's it cocksucker, deep throat my cock," he groaned as I easily took all five inches in my mouth.

Being able to deep-throat his cock was a completely different experience than pleasing Bart. I continued to do my fast bobs, wanting to feel his cum explode in my mouth, wanting to suck every cock available. I don't think I sucked him for more than a minute or two before I felt his cum coat my throat. 

Bart laughed, "Always a quick shooter."

"It's not a race?" the second black man joked.

"Does the cocksucker take it in the ass?" another asked, as I continued slowly retrieving every last drop.

Bart added, "So do you, cocksucker?"

I took the small black cock out of my mouth and admitted, "I took my first cock in my ass yesterday, sir."

"Well, let's keep your streak going," the barely out of high school kid said.

The other white man, quite chubby and in his fifties, said, "He can suck me, while you fuck him."

"Let's see that ass," the young kid said.

"Yes, sir," I nodded, standing up and nervously undoing my belt. 

As I pulled my pants down, another laughed, "Your cocksucker is wearing pantyhose."

A cocksucker and a crossdesser," Bart chuckled.

"And an ass slut," the young kid added.

Bart stood up and said, "If you want a real cock up that man pussy give me a text. I will ruin you for all others."

I quipped back, flirting like a slut, "I imagine you would."

He laughed. "There's no imagining."

"Breaks almost over," the older man said, "get over here, cocksucker."

"Yes, sir," I agreed walking to him, pulling down my pantyhose, tugging my panties down too, revealing my hard cock. I dropped to all fours and took the older man's flaccid cock in my mouth, while offering my ass to the young kid.

As his small cock grew in my mouth, Bart said, "Later, cocksucker."

"Bye, sir," I said, quickly taking the cock out of my mouth.

"Sir, fucking priceless," he roared, as I took the cock back in my mouth.

A few seconds later, I felt hands on my hips and wondered if his cock was big or small. I found out a few seconds later it was a mixture of both. His length was not impressive, but his girth was widening my ass.

I focused my attention on sucking on the small cock in my mouth while I slowly got used to the girth of his cock in my ass. He groaned, "Fuck your man-cunt is tight."

I moaned back.

After slowly filling my ass, he asked, "Ready to get reamed?"

I took the cock out of my mouth and begged, "Yes, fuck my man-cunt," the term 'man-cunt' somehow feeling more submissive.

"What a faggot," the young man grunted, as he slammed his cock into my ass.

"Yeeeees," I screamed, as he began fucking me.

"Get back to sucking, cocksucker," the older man ordered, shoving his cock back into my mouth.

I obeyed, and began to enjoy the thrill of feeling myself take a cock from both ends at once. After a couple of minutes, I began bucking back to meet the kid's forward thrusts.

"Shiitttt," the young man groaned, "you're the sluttiest faggot I have ever met."

I kept bouncing back and forth, taking one cock all in my mouth and then the other cock all in my ass, even as my own cock began pulsing.

"Here it comes, cocksucker," the old man announced, as he grabbed my head and began fucking my face.

Meanwhile, the young man behind me continued slamming into me from behind.

Soon I was swallowing my third load in just a few minutes.

Once he was done in my mouth, he let go of my head and I turned around and watched the young man slamming into my ass. 

"Ready, cock slut?" he grunted.

"Yes, siiiir," I whimpered, loving having my ass fucked.

Suddenly he pulled out, grabbed me by the hair, and seconds later sprayed his cum all over my face.

As soon as he let go of my hair, I took his cock in my mouth to retrieve every last drop of his cum.

When he pulled out, he pulled up his pants and said, "Thanks. Faggot."

"You're welcome, sir," I absurdly responded, still on my knees.

I stood up and pulled my panties, pantyhose and slacks back up as the others walked away to return to work.

Suddenly, shame coursed through me as I was standing at a construction site with cum all over my face. I quickly wiped the cum off and instinctively put it in my mouth, then hurried out of the building, avoiding others, and returned back to the hotel.

Once in my room, I collapsed on the bed, mortified at my insatiable hunger and the continual risks I have been taking.
