 The next day I went over to his place and knocked on the door. After a few seconds, I heard, "It's unlocked!" coming from inside. Going in, I followed what sounded like speakers playing and went into the living room where I saw Tony easing back in his recliner. 

He was naked, watching something on a huge flat screen TV. Walking closer, I saw it was porn featuring two younger men touching against each other. He noticed my entrance and, ignoring the moans in the background, offered me a beer. He gestured toward the mini-fridge he had just next to his seat, then casually turned back to watch the screen as if he was watching the news.

I walked up to the fridge and bent down to open it, grabbing a beer and getting a good view of Tony's growing erection. It occurred to me that as he was just now becoming aroused, it could not have just been the porn he was interested in. I stood back up and moved to the other side of Tony, sitting on another recliner he must have moved next to his. Without looking away from the screen, he asked me how I was doing, seemingly oblivious to the scene he presented to me.

"I'm fine," I blurted, "you want a beer too?" 

"Sure, but I'll get it myself. Make yourself comfortable."

He leaned over the far side of his recliner and I heard the mini-fridge door open, followed by the clinking of glass as he seemed to look for a specific brand of beer. I took a moment to look around the fairly clean and well-furnished room. The men on the screen seemed to be all the more aroused, grabbing at each other's cocks and practically smashing their mouths together as they made out. Aside from the television, recliners, and some knick-knacks and potpourri dotting the room, there was only a coffee table in front of us, where I finally noticed a bong along with a lighter. Both were clearly used recently, so when he sat back up with his beer I asked if he had smoked any.

"Yeah, I did earlier, that's why I put on the movie. I always get a little excited when I smoke." He finished off his reply with a wink.

I glanced back down at his now fully realized erection, thinking back to how it only grew at my arrival, and held back a smirk. "Did you enjoy that movie I sent you?" he continued.

"It was great, really fun. I even re-watched it later, thinking it be fun with my wife when she comes hom." I gestured to the coffee table. "Do you mind if I...?"

"Go ahead, enjoy yourself." was the reply as he nodded towards the bong and turned back to the television.

I took several hits, pausing to sit back and sip my beer. I noticed in the movie that the more submissive partner had gotten on his hands and knees, wanton moaning encouraging the other young man positioning his cock to fuck his ass with it. The scene, along with the slight buzz I gained from the mix of alcohol and weed, encouraged me as well and I began to undress to match Tony's nudity.

As if on cue, Tony stood up from his recliner and moved in front of me, helping my shirt go over my head and pulling my pants down my legs, almost mimicking the porn stars on the screen behind him. 

Kneeling down between my legs, he began to tease my now fully erect cock through my boxers with his hands, rubbing and caressing it with the fabric adding even more incredible friction. I tried not to writhe as he finally pulled the cloth away from my groin and down my legs, freeing me. As soon as it was past my feet, he immediately began to use his mouth on my dick. He took it in almost entirely to the hilt, and feeling his warm, wet mouth swallow my cock deeper and deeper brought numerous moans from me, almost drowning out the ones still emanating from the speakers.

I almost started to worry that he would make me finish in his mouth then and there until he pulled back, leaving only strings of saliva on my cock, the sight almost bringing me to orgasm by itself. Maintaining eye-contact with me, he began to feel my balls, lightly caressing each one with a few fingers before beginning to lightly lick my scrotum, still teasing me with that lusty stare. The sensations sent shivers down my back, Tony sucking them with his warm lips, caressing them with enthusiasm. I felt his fiery tongue taste each delicate testicle, embracing them with his lips as he sucked them harder.

I moaned louder and praised, "This feels fucking incredible! Please, put your fingers inside me!" He only chuckled, sending more vibrations into my groin, before dabbing at the tip of my cock with a finger, gathering pre-cum and using it as makeshift lube by spreading it around and inside my anus. Answering my please, he began easing a finger into me and gradually went deeper. I could feel his finger beginning to reach my prostate as he continued to suck me off. My dick was still recovering from last night, but it felt even harder than it was yesterday. Soon he slipped a second finger inside, stretching my hole and further pushing me into my horny frenzy.

His mouth slid off my balls with a pop, allowing me some focus on what was happening around me. I tried to be more vocal, but was only able to moan and gasp.

Tony did not seem to mind, only sucking and licking my balls more enthusiastically while he began to finger-fuck my ass. I suddenly felt him lift and spread my legs, his mouth leaving my testes while he rested my legs on his bare shoulders. I almost felt disappointed until I felt his tongue again, this time teasing my stretched hole. The feeling of his warm, soft tongue on my ass after having his two fingers brutally fuck me in it made me moan my loudest so far, again drowning out the porn stars on-screen. After what seemed like years of teasing, his tongue finally entered my ass, making me practically tremble at every stroke of his tongue. Again I tried to be vocal, only getting out, "Yes, eat me, please..." followed by a few expletives before he turned me back into a trembling mess.

His tonguing began to slow, leaving my head to clear just enough to thank the powers that be that there was alcohol preventing him from having finished before his lover's tongue had even come into play.

Tony began to stand up, holding my legs up higher, and began to position his cock, giving me an intimidating, lust-filled stare. Before I could say anything, he moved my legs to the side, and helped me flip over until I was on all-fours, my hands and knees keeping me stable on the recliner.

I looked back at him, saw the actor on-screen getting the shit fucked out of him, and I knew what was next. Tony told me to relax, and I knew I could trust him. This time getting a jar of legitimate lube that I had not noticed had been on the coffee table, he poured a good dollop into his hand. He spread it evenly over his cock with slow, deliberate strokes, then repeated the action, this time using the same two fingers to lubricate my asshole, slowly moving in and out.

Satisfied with how he prepared me, he placed the jar of lube back on the coffee table and turned back to place his hands on either side of my waist. I could feel him moving behind me, and I could hear his lubed cock being stroked as it neared my ass. He began to slowly enter me, ever so slightly penetrating my rosebud anus. I could feel a tight pain as he moved in, gradually sliding more of his cock in me. Noticing my winces, he slowed to ask me how I felt.

Not wanting him to stop, I moaned, saying, "I feel incredible! Don't worry about me, I want you to fuck me like the movie you have been jerking to all day." Spurred on by the half-teasing, half-genuine encouragement, he slid the rest of his cock in my ass. My head was spinning, and I could hardly believe that after all this time I finally had his cock buried inside me. He waited a moment, allowing me to adjust to the new sensation of being stretched and filled. After a minute he leaned over me, lips at my ear, and whispered, "I am going to fuck your tight, virgin ass until you're screaming with pleasure." At that moment I completely lost myself and began to move my hips, bucking against his dick. 

Finally his composure was broken as well and he stopped holding back with me, his cock slamming against my prostate and drawing wall-shaking moans and screams from my mouth.

His dirty talk had not stopped there, and I could just barely hear ,"Oh fuck, take more of me in you, just like that." Over my own moaning, I did not even notice his nails digging into my hips as he gripped me tighter and tighter 

"Oh god, you feel so fucking good inside me." I moaned. Every word I got out made Tony fuck me that much harder, making it more and more difficult to do anything other than get fucked by him. I could feel every inch of him pull out of me before being forced back inside my still-tight anus. His cock went in ass as went back in deeper as he pulled me on his cock piercing me in my cavernous deep, tight rosebud. I begged him to stay inside me as much as possible, which he gladly obliged.

Tony banged me for what seemed like hours before finally starting to lose his composure, his thrusts becoming more and more haphazard and he moaned that he was about to paint my insides. Before I could react, not like I would've, his huge orgasm wracked his body, leaving my asshole leaking his semen, finally triggering myself to finish, painting my own stomach and most of the recliner. We nearly collapsed, finding a good position to rest on the recliner before losing the last of our energy. 

After a moment, Tony turned his head to look at me and asked, "Well, did you enjoy yourself?" I couldn't help but laugh out, "Well, of course I did." He grinned, and after a few minutes of much-needed rest, I began to get up before he stopped me.

"Wait," he said, "Don't stand up yet. I have something else I want you to "borrow" from me." I sat back down while he got up and walked into another room. A moment later he returned with what could only be a butt plug almost as thick as his cock. "This way, you won't waste any of it." He explained with another one of his winks. 

It slid in much more easily than his cock did, and I was grateful he purposely chose one smaller than him, likely for that exact reason. It was still a snug fit, but I could definitely get used to it. I noticed that the movie was still on, but with a different scene. This time it was the same two actors in a leather cowboy scenario, still in the early bit where one "seduces" the other. Tony told me that a prop they're using was a "Laid Matt", and that he has one hooked up in one of the bedrooms. "You can strap your partner down in any position you want, and the straps are Velcro, not too weak to break while not impossible to break out of. You can even have some areas of it vibrate, depending on where you have someone tied down. You and your wife would love it!" 

While we talked more about a future date with all three of us and enjoyed the afterglow, he got up to get each of us a beer, and we watched the rest of the movie together.

As the credits rolled the names of the two actors, apparently very big stars in the adult entertainment industry, and took another hit or two Tony asked, "You know, we could always test it out now, assuming you've recovered.", he teased, another wink added at my expense.

I smirked. "Maybe. How many times can you use it?" 

"At least three times, but even then I was still hard!"

"Same here, but I think I'm ready to try out topping." 

---------------

Like it? More to come, and thanks for reading!