 "They're finally ready... Cody, Ryan and Leo," the Scientist announced, making some notes briefly on his clipboard, and then asked, "But where will you keep all three clones, Sir?"

"An Island," I answered, "A little one just off Maldives... Tell me, Doctor, why did you need so many of my pictures, a video of me, and even a sample of my DNA? How am I a part of their creation?"

"We factored it all in. The technical details are rather tedious to outline. But in the process of manufacturing these boys for you, we had to give them each a personality. Since they were made to be already 18 years of age, they also needed predefined preferences. We've done many things. As you requested, we increased their sexual receptiveness. In addition, we genetically engineered them to be absolutely sexually attracted to you," he replied.

"Made it their official job to love me," I said softly to myself as we walked into the room in which the boys were about to wake for the first time.

It was less a ward, more a bedroom. It was actually a pick-up room. I felt as if I'm going to buy a brand new car straight off the showroom. Three in fact. The room smelled sweet. Thin rays of sunlight were everywhere. It was probably the closest I'd ever get to the feeling of entering a heaven for the first time. And there they were. My three wishes... Asleep. Cuddled up together on the bed in white oversized t-shirts and shorts. Their legs, arms and slender bodies curled in and out, delicately wrapping around each other. They looked so perfect, comfortable and complete. The sight of the boys together felt like a never-ending foundation of layers and layers of boys, like decadent layers of moist sponge cake and double-thick cream blending carefully together.

"When will they wake-up?" I asked impatiently with my heart doing a break-dance in my chest.

"I thought I'd give you the pleasure... They are your property after all," smirked the Scientist as he left, leaving the door to swing slowly shut behind him...

The Island -- Day1

Dinner time and our table was in the ankle-shallow stretches of water just off the shore. The waves came in trickles but I could still hear them breathing. I felt as if the night had blue hues in its colour-palette tonight. Bright blues stars. Dark blue water. Candlelight. Blue flames. Navy blue sea-roses in full bloom on the sand. And Ryan... in deep blue swim-briefs.

"Did you know the stars are actually holes, punched thru by old trapped birds in the black blanket of the night sky?" I asked.

"I thought they were giant balls of flaming gases in space," Leo said proudly, "And the ones that burn twice as bright, burn half as long."

How did they know so much? For clones, they seemed perfectly natural. And naturally perfect. The four of us spoke and laughed the night away. But there was always something dark, mysterious and naughty pulling just beneath the surface of our night. Blue is the colour of lust and obsession after all.

(Genetically Engineered Trait #1: All the boys have heightened sexual receptiveness. They're always horny. I could sense this in the little things they said and did.)

"True. You're good," I told Leo and giggled as I ruffled his hair with my fingers.

"When I'm good, I'm very very good. When I'm bad, I'm better," he replied with a naughty half-smile.

Cody chased some little blue moon-fish with his feet in the water under his seat. It was as if he was deliberately trying to boast his beautifully free-flowing legs. What he was doing left him in a rather provocative position with his legs spread widely on his chair. He smiled cutely at me and then said quietly, in that smooth-soft voice of his, "Spread me open slowly. Lick me with your tongue. Dip me in your milk... Damn, Oreos are soooo good!" He grabbed the Oreo jar excitedly.

It's so easy to lose yourself in another world. So easy to lose control. Like you're watching yourself from the outside. A story that writes itself. You forget to track the path of things. They just happen. And you let them.

Back inside the house and it was far passed any normal bedtime. Cody was tugging at Ryan's briefs which started a wrestling match between the two of them on the bed. Leo was sitting on my lap facing me. Like a little brother. But we both knew he wasn't.

Amidst all the noise, screaming and laughing, Leo's smile suddenly faded to seriousness, and he whispered in my ear, "I want you to fuck me so hard"

There was a tingle on my ear where Leo's lips gently brushed me as he said it. I almost didn't notice that Cody and Ryan weren't wrestling anymore. They suddenly grow quiet too. Were they kissing? When I finally looked directly at them, they appeared to be biting each other's lips out. It looked cruel. It looked passionate. And I could tell they were having a wickedly fun time.

"Sorry I left a bite mark... I tried not to bite that hard," said Ryan to Cody looking completely guilty and super-cute.

Waterbed.

A huge cumulative energy just burst forth. I didn't even get time to think about it. There was just too much happening. I was hypnotised by Leo's blue eyes, distracted by Ryan's green ones but in love with the sheer purity of Cody's hazel ones. There seemed to be eyes like laser-beams all over the place. And so were there ripped clothes and pillows littered like snow and ice.

Everything had been cloaked in sensuousness to the point where details seemed fuzzy and languid. We were pressed up against each other. Naked skin on skin. It felt so refreshing. All at once I felt them around me. Cool parts then warm. All that silky flesh. Moving and exploring. Kissing and biting. Inside me, outside me and all over. Unable to distinguish one boy from the other in the ecstasy of just being swallowed in a soft cocoon of all three of them. They felt firm and defined as if they had been regular athletes all their lives. At the same time they had skin as soft as babies'. Their bodies felt so new. Skin tone in complete balance. Not a mark, not a crease. Entirely and absolutely perfect. We're sensual beings. We love that.

Then there was this moment in which I was lying on my back and all of their hands were exploring my raging hard-on. My cock was lost in this consuming mound of six of the prettiest hands ever. They acted like the animal selves they might have tried to hide. Then their warm and wet mouths were suctioned on my cock, lips and tongues in a thousand overlapping paths about it. But the sexiest feeling was my cock being rubbed by all six of their gorgeous young feet at once. Their feet had stunning natural sensuality. My cock was sliding between smooth ankles and high arches. Their feet were so perfectly boyish but also so soft and silky - they were literally new, barely used.

There were bright capsules of light burning in Cody's eyes. He looked so cute when he was horny that I just couldn't ignore him -- My dream wrapped in a wish. I wanted him so bad. And to keep him. He was so slim and exquisite. His gorgeousness was indescribable. Deliciously-looking pink nipples. Sun-kissed curvatures and crevices. He was just covered in hotspots of fuckability. The greatest shocker was Cody's cock.

(Genetically Engineered Trait #2: Cody has a monster cock. It's the longest cock I've ever seen! Especially for an 18-year-old.

Many large cocks come at a price of obscurity, but not Cody's. His cock was of amazingly balanced shape. It didn't look clumsily big. It looked agile and athletically big. Like something only fault-free robots in a production-line could construct.

"Touch me there," Cody whispered. His voice made me shiver. Those words sent a strong answering pulse through my body. His tongue curled around syllables that weren't there, like a promise.

I felt his cock with my fingers. His whole body jerked at my first touch, and he closed his eyes. Its smoothness. Its power... He was moaning slightly in my ears. I pressed it, poked it and wanked it until it leaked. It was so hot and slippery. He was biting his bottom lip the entire time. Just looking at those angelically-crafted lips made me just want shove my cock down his throat. I continued to rub its pre-cum over his cock-head and then sucked it dry. He was trembling all over. I never expected to want to suck him more and more.

"You're delicious! I can't resist," I moaned out before I rubbed his cock-tip into every corner of my mouth and throat. That skin was electric to the inside of my mouth. I licked him like a cherry lollipop. It needed so little force to just slide through. To just glide into.

(Genetically Engineered Trait #3: All the boys leak sweet pre-cum. The taste is addictive. It reminds me of exotic litchis with a subtle hint of lime.)

"Mmmmmmmmmm.... yeaaaaaaahhhhhh.... suck that up," he hummed out.

And then his cock grew longer in my mouth!

(Genetically Engineered trait #4: Cody can voluntarily change the length of his dick at will. He can grow it longer and thicker within a second or two. It's a priceless sight to watch it grow and adjust -- it looks fucking sexy! Like a superpower. It's a wonder how it works. What a system this boy is.)

I found his mouth with mine and kissed him. He pulled away and smiled victoriously. There was something both frustrating and madly arousing about that. His restraint made something burn low and deep in my belly. And then his mouth, Oh God his sexy mouth. We kissed again and every now and then he'd pull away just a little, just enough to make me want to drag him back, before getting a teasing lick with that perfect curling tongue of his. It set all the nerve endings in my upper lip on fire. And then our mouths truly locked.

(Genetically Engineered trait #5: Cody's tongue is like a fucking anaconda! I loved the feeling of it invading my mouth. I broke the kiss and bit his juicy pink boy-lips while I pulled out his tongue with my fingers. I loved the way it slithered and tickled me.)

Then I slowly sank down my cock into his mouth and his tongue wrapped around it, swirling and twisting around it coupled with the motion of his head sliding up and down. I had my fingers through his hair. I couldn't believe that sight in front of me, bowed down to my fuck-stick with his butt angled high. I positioned his neck straight and then forced my cockall the way down his throat. He didn't even gag, but I could feel his throat muscles contracting around my cock as I entered them. While I was fucking Cody's mouth, Leo had snuck under me, had his mouth attached to my balls and massaged them with his tongue as his little nose rubbed the base of my dick. What a combo.

Ryan looked like a little puppy yearning for attention. His long Spanish-boy hair was covering his eyes but I could still see those slivers of green burning with lust. Ryan has the slickest 18-year-old body on the planet. He had the smoothness and flow of a girl, with the athletic feel of a young boy. If you look closely you can spot smooth natural abs on the hugging wings of his torso - It's something you'd want to make your pillow for life. Those dimples and smile were simply irresistible. And his neck, oh his neck was so succulent and tantalising with its intricate neckline, patterns of delicate boy muscles and just valleys of pure silkiness. I dug my teeth into it again and again until it bled, while I pressed the length of mycock up against his and dry-fucked him. His erection was of impressive proportions.

I loved Ryan's bellybutton -- it blended in so cutely on his taught tummy. It was so cute thatit frustrated me. I tried to bite the sides of it, but my teeth couldn't find a grip. It's delicious puppy-like smell was driving me insane too. How appropriate. Ryan giggled as I tried and tried. He arched his back to push his tummy out to give me better access but it barely helped. Then I stuck my tongue in.

(Genetically Engineered Trait #6: Ryan's bellybutton is fuckable! I don't understand how.)

I stuck a finger into his bellybutton. Then another. Ryan was holding my hand as I fingered him, as if unsure whether to stop me or force me in harder. He was looking down at what I was doing and his head angled in so cutely. A trickle of moisture was leaking from his cock. I couldn't resist it any longer. I lifted myself up on my knees and guided my cock in. It was a bit of an intense squeeze. But then my cock was all the way inside Ryan's tight wet bellybutton and I was fucking that hot taught abs and smooth tummy of his. Its slipperiness was making me go all funny inside. His slick hard dick bobbed up and down as I fucked in and out. The whole scene blew my mind. It looked so awesome.

"Awww... That. Ahh!! Tickles!!! But it feeels... Awwwww!!! Soooo Goooood!! Uhhhhhhh! Ahhhh-www!!!" moaned Ryan through wet smacks of penetration, with his green eyes rolling back in his head.

"I was going to fuck this boy," I thought, now that I had gotten the taste of actual fucking and I could barely stop. I pulled out of Ryan and he looked like someone had just cut off his air supply.

"You are so perfect," I whispered.

"I need you to really fuck me now," he pleaded desperately in his childish voice. A look of cute seriousness on his face.

I turned him around and shoved my cock all the way up his cute bubble-butt all in one quickmovement. He yelped. It literally echoed. My dick in his ass felt so good, like every feeling in my body was focused and concentrated in my cock. My thrusts grew faster and harder. Ryan's screams grew urgent and louder. As if fucking him till he taps out.

"Oh Yeah!!! Oh Yeah!!! Fuck Me!!! Fuck Me!!! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!! " screamed Ryan. His voice now sounded like molten metal. As if he had something thick at the back of his throat and it was making him sound deeper and richer than he actually was.

His screams were drowned out as Cody pushed his mighty dick down Ryan's throat. I could see the valleys of Ryan's neck twist, struggle and widen as Cody fucked all the way down inside of it. Cody's cocktip probably entered Ryan's stomach, if my mind measured correctly. And so Cody and I were both fucking either opening of Ryan's single love-canal. Ryan was skewered and almost suspended a bit in the air by our cocks. It was just raw hard sweaty pumping. After a few minutes of fucking I remembered something. 

(Genetically Engineered Trait #7: Ryan has a tight asshole, but it can also stretch to accommodate almost anything.)

We pulled out of Ryan. I just took a second to recognise what was happening. I thought about how much I just can't wait to fuck him again. The curve where his butt ends and his thigh begins looked so slick. And his lovely legs. The cute tendons at the backs of his knees. I loved the control I had over it all. I started at his legs and kissed him moving up to the inner sides of his thighs, and wriggled my tongue all along his newly-fucked cunt. I stuck four fingers into his cunt. And then I pushed harder. Cody realised what I was doing and he pushed my back to contribute to the force. Ryan reached out and pulled me inside him. In one sudden gulping sound, I succeeded in shoving my entire hand up Ryan's cunt. At the same time Ryan screamed so loudly it made my ears ring.

"Aaaugh!! Awwwww!!! Uuuuuuugh!!!! Aww My Ass!!! Aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh!!!!" screeched Ryan, his voice like a rolling wave.

I'd never imagined I'd be fisting an 18-year-old kid. I continued sliding my arm up his hole. Ryan's entire body jerked and vibrated with each inch I etched further in. It was so wet and warm inside. What an indescribable feeling. Then I started fucking my arm in and out of him. He couldn't keep in his screams. I loved the look of it. The sight of my entire arm getting swallowed and then Ryan's screams and reaction of pain and ecstasy, and the way his anus stretched inwards and outwards with each thrust. Cody brought his face up close to the action, and rubbed a finger along Ryan's hole as it stretched wildly. He even poked a finger into it against my arm.

This time when I pulled right out of Ryan, his anus was a gaping hole. But it was perfectly round with smooth lips for edges and, like everything about this boy, it looked fucking incredible.

Cody was then sucking Leo's dick, flicking his tongue on its head as they both moaned so hard that I admit it made me sort of jealous. I broke them up and pinned Leo down. I stared down those burning eyes. He was so beautiful. I could feel his breath stirring against my lips. I was holding his wrists. Those perfect chewy 18-year-old hands, and its wild pulse. He was whimpering. Face-to-face I lifted his little feet up into the air and tickled the little pillows of his boy-clit with my tongue. I tongue-fucked it for a few more seconds before I stabbed his asshole with my huge cock. Leo almost choked on his own scream. My penis only made it half-way up his extremely tight boy-pussy before I had to force another thrust.

Then I began fucking in full swing. Hard and strong. His feet were up high and I rubbed my face on his smooth ankles and rested it in his arches as I was slipping my long rod in and out of him real deep. Nothing could stop me now. His anus swallowed and re-swallowed my dick with each fuck.

(Genetically Engineered Trait #8: Leo's anal canal is lined with muscles that massage and literally suck my dick as I fuck him. I don't even have to keep fucking. All I have to do is keep my dick fully submerged in his hole and the inside of his ass will swirl, slide and move along my cock. His ass would do all the work.)

But I kept fucking him like a wild animal, which meant twice the amount of pleasure and intensity on my cock.

"Ahh!! Aww!! Ahh!! Aww!! Do Me Harder! Faster!! Yeeeeaaaaahhhhhh!!!!!Aha! Yeah!! Ahaa!! Fuuuu-uuuuucccc-cccccckkkkkk!!!!! Oooooohhhhh Fuck!! Uhhh!! Uhhhhhhhh!!! Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!" squealed Leo. Head over heels in love. Legs over shoulders in lust.

Then I put Leo on his side, legs spread wide up into the air, stuck my cock back in, and continued the fucking. The hungry clenching of his pussy lips on my shaft was electrifying. Ryan found his way to the other side of Leo and then pushed his cock into Leo's ass with my cock still in it. Ryan's cock slid around a bit before he could finally force it into Leo's already-full anus. Leo gasped. The two of us fucked him like that for a few minutes before Cody joined. He pushed his monster cock between my cock and Ryan's. Cody's huge cock went further up Leo's ass than both mine and Ryan's could go. I thought Leo's ass would probably rip apart by now. But it sustained all three cocks! There might as well have been a smell of burning rubber. And it felt like the muscles in his cunt were trying to milk us dry. We fucked in unison. Our moans marked each thrust, so we wouldn't miss the mark and break our rhythm:

Me: Aww! Aww! Aww! Aww! Aww!

Ryan: Ahh! Ahh! Ahh! Ahh! Ahh!

Cody: Uhh! Uhh! Uhh! Uhh! Uhh!

Leo: Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!

Our moans blended together to create this massive wall of sound. Almost like a song with different layers of sound placed in front of each other to create the final result.

When we finally pulled out, still none of us had cum yet, even though we had come close to so many times. My cock felt like a fish out of water. I turned Leo over and his chest was heaving as if he had just ridden the most adrenaline-pumping rollercoaster of his life. I pushed my cock forward so the tip of my cock kissed the tip of his cock. And then I pushed it inside.

(Genetically Engineered Trait #9: Leo has a fuckable dick! His piss-slit

expands to accommodate a cock.)

I pushed my cock inside Leo's cock and resumed my ferocious fucking. Leo shivered with pleasure. His cock was twice as thick now because mine was deep inside it. The mushroom head of his cock looked so different now, and hotter. It was bigger, shiny, taught and his piss-slit stretched open to receive my cock like a little fairy's mouth swallowing a giant's dick. It was exhilarating. Leo was scream-moaning and his head was thrown back in lust. I stopped when I realised that I was on the verge of cumming, and I let Ryan take my place. It wasn't much longer before Leo himself was on the verge of cumming.
