 INTRODUCTION

Colin Jennings is a very handsome and very fit young man at the age of 26. At 6'3" his sculptured body weighs in at 190 pounds. He has light brown hair, hazel eyes and he is a picture of physical fitness. He was an exceptional student athlete in high school and went to college on an athletic scholarship. In his junior year of college he had the opportunity to study in Europe for a year so he passed up playing ball that year and spent the time in Paris. 

After graduating from college in 1970, Colin decided to get his graduate degree before heading out into the work place. In 1972 Colin was hired by a prominent business consulting firm and he quickly established himself as an up and comer. The partners agreed that Colin was on the fast track to becoming a manager, a junior partner and eventually partner. Colin loved to travel and he went anywhere the firm sent him. It was when he traveled that he explored his bi-sexual lifestyle.

Colin had no trouble dating women and most of them were willing to spread their legs for him on the first date. Colin had a few women that he slept with more than once and they were the ones who had nice asses and liked anal sex. Colin was an anal addict and he loved fucking both women and men in the ass. He fucked his first man in Paris during his junior year in college. 

JULIAN

There was plenty of pussy to be had in Paris and Colin certainly had his share of it. His first male partner was a French student that Colin hung out with. They had become very good friends and one day Julian admitted that he was gay. Colin was surprised but not offended by the admission. Julian was thrilled that Colin was not upset and that they could remain friends and study together.

One night Julian was in Colin's room when they were studying late and Colin told Julian that he could stay the night since it was so late. Colin didn't think anything of stripping down to his shorts in front of Julian. As he took off his pants the outline of his cock was clearly visible to Julian. At that moment Julian took of his clothes and stripped down to his boxers. Julian's cock was hard just from looking at Colin's package in his briefs. Julian sat on the bed and as Colin neared him Julian touched Colin.

Colin looked at him and saw the hungry look in Julian's eyes. Then Julian reached for Colin and pulled him by the hips closer to the bed. Julian then pulled Colin's briefs down and freed Colin's cock. The impressive organ leaped out of his underwear and stood straight out from him. Julian stared at it for a moment and then reached for it.

"What are you doing?" Colin whispered startled by Julian's actions.

"I just want to touch it, okay?" Julian asked almost begging.

Colin decided to let Julian touch him. Colin found that he liked the feeling of a male hand different from his own and he closed his eyes as Julian stroked his cock. Julian slowly stroked the big dick with one hand and cupped Colin's bloated balls with the other hand. Colin sighed as Julian's hands moved over Colin's genitals. Colin was no stranger to girls handling his big dick but Julian was the first guy to touch him.

"I'm going to kiss it. I have to kiss it," Julian said softly.

Colin didn't answer but just closed his eyes as Julian's lips kissed the engorged cock. Colin's body tensed as Julian's lips moved up and down the shaft and then Colin gasped as Julian's mouth engulfed the cock. Colin knew at that point that Julian was going to blow him. Julian knew his way around cocks and he easily handled Colin's eight plus inches.

Julian was a very good cocksucker as good as any girl that had ever sucked Colin off. In no time he had Colin ready to blow his load. Colin tried to prolong his orgasm as long as he could. Julian sat on the edge of the bed and drew Colin in toward him. Julian caressed the back of Colin's legs and cheeks of his ass as Julian's warm, wet, wonderful mouth sucked on Colin's cock. Julian massaged the head of the cock against the roof of his mouth. He circled Colin's cock with his tongue and Colin felt the light scraping of Julian's teeth. Colin's dick felt harder, thicker and longer than it had ever felt in his young life and he knew he was going to shoot soon.

Julian took Colin's cock out of his mouth and looked up at him as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged Colin's bloated balls. Julian then put it back in his mouth and took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged Colin's balls. Julian tickled the cock head with his tongue and teased Colin's pee slit. Julian had Colin close to cumming a few times. Julian seemed to know when Colin was getting close, and he would do things making him last longer, torturing Colin in the process.

Julian then took Colin's cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of the shaft, nibbled on the cock head and sucked Colin hard. Julian reached under Colin's balls and rubbed the hardness between his balls and anus. Colin felt his cock thicken and he knew he was going to cum. There was no stopping Colin this time. Julian grabbed Colin's ass cheeks with both hands as Colin exploded in his mouth. Colin fired round after round of cum into his partner's mouth and Julian sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. Rope after rope of semen shot into Julian's mouth as Colin seemed to have an endless supply. Finally the barrage subsided and Colin stopped cumming but Julian continued to suck on the thick firm cock until he had drained every drop from Colin's dick.

Colin felt weak from the intense orgasm so he sat down on the bed next to Julian. Colin watched as Julian stood up and removed his boxers. Julian's 6" boner jumped out and Julian quickly grabbed it in his hand. Julian lay back on the bed and stroked his own cock as he spoke.

"I need to get off I am so hot!" Julian said in an excited tone.

Colin watched his friend jerked off. Julian's hand flew rapidly over his hard cock in search of his own release and Colin watched as Julian ejaculated. Julian shot his load and the first couple of blasts must have traveled two feet in the air before landing on Julian's chest and abs. Julian seemed to cum for at least 30 seconds as stream after stream shot out of his dick. Colin watched as Julian's body stiffened and then relaxed as he fired his load. Julian kept stroking his cock until every drop of cum had been squeezed out of it then he looked over at Colin and saw that Colin had another boner. 

"Colin would you like to fuck me? I would love for you to fuck me. I want you to stick your big thick cock in my ass?" Julian said as he got on all fours and wiggled his shapely ass in Colin's direction. 

Julian knelt on the bed and raised his ass in the air. Colin looked at him in this position and decided that he looked just like a girl with his smooth hairless body and his great looking bubble butt. Julian reached back and lubed his asshole with some sort of lube that he must have brought with him. Julian handed Colin the lube and told him to grease his cock thoroughly. Colin knelt behind Julian and stared at the incredible ass that he was about to fuck. He hadn't fucked a girl's ass for a few weeks and he had missed having anal sex. Colin spit on his dick making very slippery and eased into Julian's asshole. 

Colin was gentle with him allowing Julian to adjust to the size of his cock. Soon he was buried to the hilt in Julian's ass and he fucked the French student royally. Colin held on to the pretty twin cheeks of Julian's ass as he fucked him thoroughly. Julian had been butt fucked before but never with a cock this size. He couldn't believe how full he felt with Colin's impressive dick in his ass. Julian felt Colin tense and then fill his rectum with cum. Colin continued to fuck Julian's ass and the semen backed up and ran down over Julian's balls. Julian fired a blast of cum onto the bed this time without ever even touching his own cock. Colin eased his soft cock out of Julian's ass and Julian turned around took it in his mouth and sucked Colin dry and clean.

Colin went in the bathroom to take a piss leaving Julian on the bed. As he relieved himself he thought of Julian and how good it was to fuck his ass. Colin loved watching his big cock slide in and out of the shapely ass. Colin then decided that it was no different being with a guy then with a girl when it came to getting a blow job or butt fucking. Colin felt his loins stir again just thinking of Julian's ass. Colin washed and dried his hands and walked back into the bedroom. Julian was still in bed on all fours with his curvy bubble butt stuck up in the air. Colin felt his cock twinge as he looked at Julian's hot ass. Julian's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. He really did look like a girl in this position.

"Colin, I would like you to fuck me again," he said in a sultry voice. "You would like to fuck me again wouldn't you?" he asked.

Colin's cock hardened as he approached the bed. He knelt behind Julian and began to caress Julian's beautiful ass. Julian handed Colin the lube and asked Colin to get his ass ready this time. Colin put an ample amount of lube in his hands and rubbed it all around Julian's bung hole. Then Colin inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing Julian's ass for another ass fuck. Colin sawed his fingers in and out of Julian's anus and Colin was turned on by the thought of burying his cock in Julian's shapely ass one more time. Colin moved closer to Julian and lined up the head of his cock with Julian's anal opening. Colin eased his big dick into Julian's ass for a second time.

Colin spat on his hand and rubbed his saliva all over his cock which made it very slick when combined with the lubricant. Colin's cock head cleared the sphincter and he fed it to Julian a little at a time. Julian's ass chute was warm and tight as Colin went deeper and deeper into him. Soon he was all the way in Julian's ass and he started a slow fucking motion. Colin continued to pump Julian's ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts. Colin caressed Julian's smooth round ass as he fucked it. 

Julian told Colin to fuck him harder and quicker. So Colin picked up the pace and he pounded Julian's ass faster and faster. Colin's balls started bouncing off of Julian's balls and Julian moaned with each thrust of Colin's cock. Colin could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed in Julian's ass. Colin tried to make it last as long as possible but once Julian contracted his anal muscles Colin lost it. Colin fired a barrage of cum in Julian's ass filling it to overflowing. Colin couldn't remember when he came so much. Julian used his talented anal muscles to milk Colin's cock and drain it dry. Julian's milking action weakened Colin and sent tingles through his body. Colin pulled out of Julian and collapsed on the bed next to him. Julian rolled over on his back and jerked off once again. Colin watched as Julian stroked his cock. Julian fired another round of spunk into the air. The first blast landed on Julian's face, neck and chest. The remainder of his load landed on his abs and pooled around his pubes. 

That was the start of Colin's bi-sexual lifestyle. Colin still loved the French women and he did very well with them but every now and then he would hook up with Julian. Colin had no interest in Julian's cock or any male cock for that matter. However Colin was all for fucking Julian's ass and getting first class blow jobs from Julian. Colin also started to notice other effeminate French boys with their cute asses but Julian was the only one he had ever fucked in Paris. 

COLIN'S OUT OF TOWN DISCOVERY

Colin was working on a consulting assignment in a large Midwestern city. Some evenings he would go out on the town and occasionally he would get lucky and bed some chick. One day he got the itch for a good blow job or anal sex again but he knew picking up a girl that liked it in the ass and liked to suck cock was unlikely. So he decided to try his luck at an adult book and video store. In other cities where he had traveled, Colin had visited an adult book stores and had received anonymous blow jobs through glory holes. Colin left the client office a little early that day and traveled to the section of town that he knew had several stores with video arcades. 

When he arrived in that part of town he knew immediately that he was in a predominately gay section of the city. Colin walked around and looked at the different stores and video arcades and then he spotted a Gay Adult movie theater. He read the marquis and saw that it was a double feature the movies were titled, "Brothers," and Men of the Road." Colin decided to check it out as he had never seen a gay movie before and he was curious about what went on inside the theater. He stepped up to the ticket booth and a very cute effeminate gay attendant greeted him and sold him a ticket.

"I hope you enjoy yourself today," the attendant said.

Colin took the ticket and went inside with the attendant's words still in his mind, "Enjoy yourself instead of enjoy the movie."

Colin walked into the dark theater and stood in the back until his eyes adjusted to the dim light. The movie image on the screen had three guys working in a kitchen. They were all wearing long tan robes as if they were in a monastery. Colin quickly deduced that he was watching the movie titled Brothers. The three guys started playing grab ass with each other and hands went up under the robes and caressed naked buttocks and genitals. Then one guy dropped to his knees and took another guys cock in his mouth. Colin watched as the guy getting sucked held up his robe so the other guy could suck him. Then the third guy held up his robe and the guy on his knees took turns sucking each cock.

It wasn't long before the three of them were naked on the floor sucking each other's cock. Then they moved to a position where one guy got fucked as he sucked the other guy's cock. The guy doing the fucking pulled his cock out and sprayed cum all over the other guy's back and ass. Then the guy getting his cock sucked pulled out and gave the other guy a facial. Finally the guy, cum covered, rolled over on his back and jerked off until he came all over himself. Then they acted as if someone was coming and they hurriedly put their robes back on and went back to working in the kitchen. 

Colin's eyes had adjusted now so he looked for a seat. The theater was not crowded so he picked an end seat in middle row. Colin noticed that there were others watching the movie and they were seated in pairs or trios. The next movie scene started and Colin noticed that the couple in front of him seemed to be playing with each other. Then one of the heads disappeared and Colin knew that the guy was blowing his partner. Colin also noticed a number of people who went into the back of the theater and didn't come back out. Every once in awhile someone would come out of the back and either sit down or leave the theater.

The next scene on the screen was four Brothers engaged in group sex. Two guys lay on their sides in a 69 position sucking cocks while they were butt fucked by two other guys. As before in the other scene, there were voluminous cum shots covering faces and asses. Colin decided that he had seen enough of the Brothers movie and he ventured toward the back of the theater as he was curious as to where the people were going and what they were doing. 

Colin walked to the back of the theater and he entered a room that had toilets separated by partitions but with no doors. He noticed that there were glory holes in every partition. At first he thought that he had reached a dead end but then he saw a guy coming down the circular stairway. Colin then ascended the stairs to the second floor uncertain about what he would find. When he reached the second floor the first thing he saw was a display counter that contained sex aides and toys. He noticed dildos, condoms, lubricants and inhalants. There was a cute guy working behind the counter who smiled at Colin as he walked by.

Colin then entered a room where a porn movie was showing and there were guys sitting on benches watching the movie and engaging in sex. The movie scene had a navy guy on his knees with his white pants pulled down to his knees. Two army guys also with their pants down to their knees were double teaming the navy guy. The navy guy sucked one cock while he was fucked by the other. The military uniforms looked like Eastern European. As was the movie norm both army guys shot their loads on the navy guy's ass and face. Colin noticed that there were several patrons seated on the benches sucking each other off. 

Colin continued his tour of the upstairs as his curiosity was stronger than ever. He noticed a row of partitions that did have doors where a person could stand and watch the movie. The partitions were about four feet high and they had glory holes in them on all sides. Colin noticed one guy standing in one with the front of his body pressed up against the front of the cubicle and Colin assumed that the guy was getting his cock sucked. As Colin walked by he peeked in a couple of the cubicles and he spotted two guys on the floor in one of them. They both had their pants and underwear down around their knees. One guy was fucking the other one doggy style.

Colin was getting turned on and he had a rock hard erection. He started looking for some guy that would be appealing to him. Preferably a guy that he could fuck but he would settle for a blow job as he was really horny. Colin walked passed another room that had a number of cots in it and there were two couples in the room fucking and sucking. He continued down a hallway and then came into another room that had six large cubicles in it. They were at least seven feet high and they all had doors on them. There were three on each side of the room.

Colin opened one door and there were two guys in there with one blowing the other. Then he opened a couple of more doors and found them empty. He opened the next door and there were three guys in there kissing and jerking each other off. Colin walked out of the room and as he did he passed a cute feminine looking guy. The guy smiled at Colin and then followed him. Colin liked what he saw and then he decided to head back into the room with the cubicles to see if the guy would follow him. 

He did follow Colin and when Colin stepped inside one of the empty cubicles the guy stepped in with him. Colin looked to lock the door but there were no locks on the doors. Colin turned his back to the door and faced his companion. Without a word the guy dropped to his knees in front of Colin. He unbuckled Colin's belt and unfastened Colin's pants. He pushed Colin's pants down to his knees and then stroked Colin's erect cock through his underwear. The guy stroked Colin's bare thighs and took his time before he finally lowered Colin's underwear. Colin's hard cock leaped out as his underwear was lowered to his knees. The guy took Colin's cock in his hand and stroked it gently.

"Wow, you really have a nice cock," he whispered.

Then the stranger lowered his mouth onto Colin's cock and proceeded to suck it. Colin was so charged that he knew that he would cum in minutes. The guy was an expert cocksucker and he held tightly to Colin's muscular buttocks as his head bobbed up and down. Colin put his hand on the guy's head as a signal that he was close.

"I'm really close. I'm going to cum," Colin whispered.

Colin's partner was not deterred and he continued to suck on Colin's throbbing cock. Then he stroked Colin's perineum and fondled his balls sending Colin over the edge. Colin shot streams of cum into the guy's mouth and the guy kept his mouth glued to Colin's cock. He sucked Colin dry and Colin stayed hard as every drop of semen was drained from his cock. 
