 INTRODUCTION

In Chapter One you learned about Colin’s preference for anal sex and his first bi-sexual experience in Paris. Also you read how Colin discovered a gay movie theater in a large Midwestern city. It was at this theater that he met Henri with whom Colin had another bisexual encounter. In this chapter Colin recalls a heterosexual encounter with a secretary and he returns to the city where he meets a new friend. 

A SETBACK FOR THE WEEKEND

Colin and Henri had gotten together a few more times when Colin was in town. Each time they met at the hotel where Colin was staying. They would usually go out for a nice dinner and then return to the hotel room for sex. Henri would always suck Colin’s cock at least once swallowing Colin’s cum. Then Colin would fuck Henri’s ass several times before Henri left for home. Henri had not yet stayed overnight with Colin however Colin decided to stay in town one weekend as he planned do some sightseeing with Henri as his guide. Colin was actually looking forward to Henri staying overnight so that he would be there to fuck in the morning. 

Colin was laying in the hotel bed Thursday evening doing some reading when his mind wandered back to the previous two weeks. He thought briefly about Henri and how he was looking forward to spending the weekend with him. Then Colin thought about his boss’s secretary Cathleen. It had been almost two weeks since the initial encounter with her. It happened on a Friday evening after the office staff had stopped at their favorite bar for a couple of drinks.

Cathleen had joined the staff for a drink and she drank a little too much. Being the junior consultant in the group, Colin was designated to drive her home. On the way home Cathleen got amorous and sucked Colin’s cock while he was driving. She was an excellent cock sucker and Colin came in her mouth. Cathleen swallowed every drop of Colin’s cum and then complimented him on his impressive cock. Colin dropped Cathleen off at her house and then he went home. He had worried all weekend about the encounter and how he would face her on Monday.

Cathleen was not only the boss’s secretary but she was married. Colin had never had sex with a married woman before and it had made him nervous. Cathleen was 10 years older than Colin but she was attractive with short blonde hair, small tits, shapely legs and a great ass. Cathleen wasn’t the only older woman that Colin had been with but she was the only married woman. The following week Colin learned more about Cathleen in particular how she loved to take it in the ass.

On Monday Colin was called to his boss’s office where he was greeted by Cathleen. She led him into the office and then she closed and locked the door. Colin’s boss Jim was no where in sight. Colin had been nervous in the presence of Cathleen and he thought that she was going to speak to him about Friday night. Colin then recalled that conversation and the events to follow.

“Cathleen about last Friday, I’m sorry that I got carried away. I shouldn’t have let you do that,” Colin stammered.

Cathleen smiled and then spoke, “You silly young man. I loved it. I loved sucking your cock and swallowing your cum. You have a great cock, that’s why I called you this morning. I want to suck you again”

Colin was floored, “Here, now, in Jim’s office, where’s Jim?”

“Jim’s out of town silly,” Cathleen told him and then she dropped to her knees and began to unbuckle Colin’s belt.

“Cathleen, please don’t do that. You’re married, this is Jim’s office,” Colin pleaded.

“Oh stop your fussing. Jim and I do this all the time. A day doesn’t go by that Jim doesn’t have his cock in my mouth, pussy or ass.”

Colin heard her but he still had a difficult time believing her. However he heard her say in her ass and that got his attention. “He fucks you in the ass?”

“Yes, I love it in the ass. Would you like to fuck me in the ass? I bet you would,” Cathleen replied in a sexy tone.

The she stood up and went over to Jim’s desk. She took some lube and paper towels from Jim’s desk. She then leaned over the desk and pulled her skirt up over her back and lowered her panties to her knees. Colin stared at her shapely gorgeous ass and he could not contain himself. He dropped his pants and moved closer to her. She handed him the lube and told him to get her ass ready for his cock. Colin lubed up her ass and his cock. Then he fucked her ass until he came flooding her rectum. Colin was thinking about that encounter when the hotel phone rang. The phone rang several times before Colin snapped out of his stupor and answered it.   

“Hello, this is Collin,” he said into the phone.

“What took you so long to answer? Were you jerking off thinking about me?” Henri teased on the other end.

“Oh hi, no I was just reading,” Colin lied.

“Hey, I got some bad news. I need to go up to Quebec this weekend. Kind of a family emergency, sorry to leave you hanging but there is no way out,” Henri told him.

Colin was disappointed but he understood, “That’s okay, I understand. We’ll do it another time. I hope everything will be okay.”

“I’ll call you when I get back and we can get together.”

“That sounds good,” Colin replied and then hung up.

He was disappointed but he decided that he would make the most of the weekend. His thoughts returned to Cathleen. He had fucked her ass a couple of more times while Jim was out of town. Apparently Cathleen was just a married slut who couldn’t get enough cock but she had a great ass and Colin liked fucking her in the ass. Then he picked up his book and read until he dozed off.

COLIN MEETS RICKY

Colin put in a full day at the client site that Friday and then he returned to his hotel room. Colin debated going out to a couple of singles places that had been recommended to him but he decided to wait until Saturday night. He grabbed a light dinner and then decided to check out the gay movie theater. Henri had said that things got pretty wild there on Friday and Saturday nights. Colin would learn that Henri’s words could not have prepared him for what he would witness that night.

Colin arrived at the theater and entered it as he had before. He stood in the back of the theater to let his eyes adjust to the dim light. As his eyes adjusted he couldn’t believe what he saw. First of all the theater was packed with people and there didn’t appear to be an empty seat. The movie titled The Spa was playing and on the screen guys were fucking and sucking as usual but it was the action in the seats that had everyone’s attention. There were countless guys engaged in oral and anal sex and others were watching and jerking off. Colin watched the incredible scene for several minutes and then he decided to go upstairs. 

Colin made his way to the back of the theater and up the spiral stairway. When he got up stairs he saw that the place was crawling with guys and that sex was rampant among them. Every bench seat was taken in front of the other movie screen and guys were either sucking each other off or jerking each other off. Then Colin looked at the 4’ high cubicles and noticed that every one of them was occupied. He spotted one guy pressed against one of the walls and it was obvious that he was being fucked by the guy behind him as his cock was sucked by someone in the other cubicle. As he walked by the cubicles he spotted others getting sucked off and one cube had three guys sucking each other off.

Colin continued walking through the different rooms and on more than one occasion he had to slap a hand away that grabbed his ass. Next Colin looked in the room with the cots and everyone in the room was butt fucking. There were threesomes and foursomes engaged in anal sex and Colin found it a little humorous to watch four guys fucking at the same time. There were also a couple of gays that were into leather in the room. They wore leather jackets, hats and chaps with their asses and genitals exposed. Two guys in chaps were fucking and the guy getting fucked was also getting his cock sucked. No matter where Colin went the in the theater there were bodies everywhere engaged in sex. Colin would have settled for a normal blow job but the orgy scene was not for him. 

“What the fuck am I doing here?” he thought to himself.

Colin decided to leave and he as he walked out he couldn’t believe the things that were going on. He wondered how the theater was allowed to permit the orgiastic sex acts. Obviously the city officials knew about the theater and allowed these things to go on. Colin walked outside and he pondered his next move. Then he decided to go to the bar that Henri and taken him to last time and get a beer.

Colin entered the bar and it was busier than the last time but there were available seats. All the stools at the bar were taken so Colin opted for a table with two stools. He sat in the stool and waited to be served but then he realized that he had to get his own drink at the bar and then bring it back to the table. Colin walked up to the bar and ordered a beer. He noticed that a lot of guys were looking at him and he assumed that it was because he was not a regular. Colin got his beer and returned to his table to sort out his plans for the rest of the night.

As Colin drank his beer, he looked around the bar to see if there was anyone that appealed to him. So far he didn’t see anyone like Julian or Henri. Colin finished one beer and then got another one. He noticed that the bar was beginning to fill up and he kept a look out for his type of gay. Colin then spotted a cute looking Hispanic guy approaching his table. 

“Hi, are you saving this seat for anyone or can I join you?” the young guy asked.

“No, I’m not saving it for anyone. You can sit here. I was going to leave after this beer anyway,” Colin replied.

“Don’t do that. Let me buy you a beer for sharing your table,” the guy offered.

Colin accepted, “Okay I’ll have one more.”

Colin watched as the guy made his way up to the bar to get the drinks. Colin guessed him to be about 5’6” and 140 pounds. He was cute with long black hair covering the nape of his neck. Colin noticed that he had a nice ass, a real bubble butt. Then Colin decided this was a guy that he would like to fuck. The guy then returned with the beers.

“Here you go. By the way my name is Ricky,” he said holding out his hand to Colin. 

“Colin,” Colin replied and then asked, “Did you say Ricky?”

“Yeah, Ricky for Ricardo, I’m Mexican,” Ricky answered and explained, “My parents are from Mexico but I was born and raised here.

Colin and Ricky spent the next hour drinking beer and getting to know each other. During the conversation there was no discussion of sexual orientation or why they were both in a gay bar that evening. Then Ricky asked the question.

“Colin, forgive me but you don’t seem gay. Can I ask what you are doing here?” Ricky inquired.

Colin decided to be honest so he told Ricky that he was bisexual and that Henri had brought him to the bar. Colin decided not to tell Ricky about his trip to the gay theater. Ricky asked Colin if Henri was his first male partner and Colin told him about Julian. 

“Wow that Julian sounds really hot. Have you ever contacted him again?” Ricky asked.

“Yeah we stay in touch just in case he ever comes to the states or I go back to Paris,” Colin admitted.

“Well Colin would you like to come home with me or take me back to your hotel room?” Ricky asked.

Colin was a little surprised at the directness but he was glad that Ricky asked. “Ricky first of all you have to know that I am not into cock. I love being sucked and I love fucking a hot ass but that’s it.”

“I know you made that clear when you told me about Julian and Henri and I’m cool with that,” Ricky replied.

Colin was still uncomfortable going to the place of a person he just met so he offered the hotel room. Ricky accepted and when they finished their beers they headed back to Colin’s hotel. Once in the hotel room there was no need for preliminaries as Colin was horny and Ricky wanted to be fucked. They both took off their clothes and got in bed. 

Ricky was taken with Colin’s impressive cock and he spent a lot of time kissing it and licking it. Ricky was driving Colin crazy and Colin desperately needed to cum. Ricky knew that Colin was ready to blow so he lowered his mouth to Colin’s cock and took it as deep as he could. Colin’s ejaculation was forceful and the first shot bounced off the back of Ricky’s throat. Ricky swallowed quickly but the next several spurts came so fast that he had to pull off of Colin’s cock. Ricky stroked the big rod as three more shots came out of the end and shot into the air. Ricky marveled at the youthful discharge and he was glad that he didn’t try to swallow the entire load. Ricky made a metal not that the next time he wanted to feel that initial ejaculation in his ass. Ricky put Colin’s cock back in his mouth and sucked it dry keeping Colin hard.

Colin was now ready to fuck Ricky and he told Ricky to get on all fours. Colin got his lotion from the bathroom and greased up his cock. Then he greased up Ricky’s asshole and he marveled at the shapely ass on Ricky’s small frame. Colin noticed that Ricky’s skin was brown all over and that he had no hint of any tan lines. Ricky had flawless smooth skin and his body was hairless. Colin also noticed that Ricky’s cock was only about three or four inches in length. Ricky looked good on all fours as he waited for Colin’s cock to penetrate his ass. Colin took his time lubricating Ricky’s ass and he liked the submissive posture that Ricky presented. Ricky had his head down on his hands which were folded on the bed. Ricky’s ass was elevated and his back was arched emphasizing the curvy shape of his ass. Ricky looked perfect and he presented exactly the image that Colin liked to fuck.

Colin moved close and slowly eased his cock into Ricky’s ass. Ricky groaned slightly with the penetration and his sphincter stretched to accept the big cock. Once past the sphincter Colin fucked Ricky slowly until Ricky’s ass opened up and was able to take the big thick cock. Colin then picked up the pace and soon his hips were slamming into the petite Ricky. Ricky’s cute ass would jiggle each time Colin thrust into it and Colin loved the effect. Colin felt his orgasm building again and he knew that he would dump a good sized load in Ricky’s ass. Ricky felt Colin’s body stiffen and make one final thrust as Colin buried his cock in Ricky’s ass. Then Ricky felt cum surge into him and he felt Colin’s cock throb with each release. Ricky couldn’t remember the last time he felt that much cum in his ass. 

Ricky’s anal muscles involuntarily clenched and unclenched as they massaged Colin’s cock and drew every drop of cum from the shaft. Colin kept pressed against his new lover and let his cock be milked dry. Ricky couldn’t hold his position any longer and he collapsed forward on the bed. Colin followed Ricky down and lay on top of Ricky with his cock still buried in Ricky’s ass. Colin felt Ricky’s smooth hairless skin against his own and he liked the feeling. Colin remained on top of Ricky until Ricky begged him to get up. Colin didn’t realize it but he had been crushing Ricky’s smaller body. Colin had gotten lost in the moment as Ricky’s ass muscles tightened around Colin’s cock.  Colin then rolled to the side and his softening cock slipped from Ricky’s dilated asshole.

Ricky remained on his stomach face down on the bed as he recovered from being thoroughly fucked. Colin looked over at Ricky and he wondered if Ricky had cum. Then Colin looked at Ricky’s ass and he could see cum oozing from it. Colin was tempted to finger Ricky’s asshole and push the semen back in. Colin started by caressing Ricky’s curvy smooth ass and then he played with his asshole. Colin pushed his finger into Ricky’s cum filled hole. Ricky wiggled his ass in response as Colin played with him.

Ricky then pushed himself up on all fours giving Colin better access. It was then that Colin noticed that Ricky had cum on the bed. He could see the wet spots on the sheets and Colin knew it was from Ricky’s cum shots. Colin felt his cock getting hard again so he moved back behind Ricky. Colin eased his cock back into Ricky’s ass for a second time and he knew he would last longer this time since he had already cum twice. Colin fucked Ricky for what seemed like an hour until he finally came again. Once again Ricky collapsed on the bed in the pool of his own cum from his second ejaculation.

“Oh Colin, I don’t know if I have ever been fucked like that,” Ricky cooed.

“I’m glad you liked it because I loved fucking your ass,” Colin told him.

“I think that I messed on your bed sheets,” Ricky said with a laugh.

“Yeah, I noticed but don’t worry about it. The staff here has seen plenty of  stains on the bed sheets in my room over the past few months,” Colin laughed.

“Colin, I am exhausted. Is it okay that I spend the night with you?” Ricky asked.

“Sure no problem tomorrow is Saturday so I can sleep in,” Colin agreed.

Colin and Ricky then watched TV for awhile and then called it a night. During the very early morning hours Colin woke up with an erection. Ricky’s back was pressed into the front of Colin’s body and Colin had one arm thrown over Ricky. Colin’s cock was nestled in the crack of Ricky’s ass and it seemed natural for Colin to slide his cock into Ricky’s asshole. The fit was tight but it went in and Colin fucked Ricky slowly until he came in Ricky’s ass for a third time. Colin left his cock in Ricky’s ass and they both fell asleep again. Sometime later Colin’s cock slipped from Ricky’s ass as they both slept.

THE WEEKEND

In the morning Colin was awake first and he quietly got out of bed and went in the bathroom to pee and take a shower. Colin was letting the warm water cascade over his body when Ricky joined him in the shower.

“Got room for me?” Ricky asked.

“Plenty of room,” Colin replied.

The two of them then began to wash each other. Colin washed Ricky's body and paid particular attention to Ricky's ass. Colin stood behind Ricky and washed Ricky's chest and abs. Then Colin's hands made their way down to Ricky's ass. Colin cupped the inviting buttocks in his hands as he soaped up Ricky's ass. Then he fingered Ricky's asshole and soaped up his own cock. Ricky leaned forward slightly placing his hands on the shower wall and arched his back so that his ass pushed back toward Colin. Colin eased his cock into Ricky's soapy asshole as he held onto Ricky's hips.

Ricky groaned seductively as the big dick entered his asshole. Colin fucked him slowly and watched his cock slide in and out of Ricky's shapely ass. Colin was so turned on that he felt his orgasm building quicker then he planned. There was no stopping him and his balls tightened as he unloaded in Ricky's ass. Colin held onto to Ricky's hips and drove his cock deep into Ricky's asshole. Ricky felt the hot cum fill his asshole to overflowing and instinctively used his anal muscles to milk Colin's cock. Ricky had wanted to feel Colin’s first load of the day in his ass and as expected Colin flooded Ricky’s rectum.

Colin stayed hard and kept fucking Ricky. Colin could feel his own semen surround his cock as he continued to fuck Ricky's ass. Colin sensed that he would stay hard and he was pleased that he could continue to fuck Ricky's ass. Ricky realized that Colin would fuck him until he ejaculated again and Ricky began to stroke his own cock. Ricky wished that Colin would jerk him off while he fucked his ass.

"Colin, would you play with me? Please play with my cock. Stroke it for me. Make believe it is a girl’s clit," Ricky begged.

Colin had never touched a cock other than his own but he honored Ricky's request. He grabbed a hold of Ricky’s cock and jerked him off as he fucked Ricky's ass. It was odd for Colin to be holding a cock other than his own and the contrast in size was an odd feeling. Colin lasted much longer this time but he still felt a huge orgasm building in his balls. Just as Colin came in Ricky's ass a second time, Ricky screamed that he was cumming. Colin stroked Ricky quicker and he watched over Ricky's shoulder as Ricky ejaculated. Ricky's cum oozed out of his cock and trickled over Colin’s hand only to be washed away by the shower water. Colin actually liked feeling Ricky cum and watching the spunk ooze out of Ricky's cock. 
