 COLIN'S BIG BREAK

Colin saw Ronnie, Ricky and Henri a couple of more times before the consulting engagement was concluded. He was in the home office on this particular Monday and he attended the staff meeting. It had been awhile since he had been at a staff meeting since he was out of town the previous Mondays. His boss Jim was out of town so Brad the second in command ran the meeting.

The staff always reviewed all the projects and prospects at each meeting. They also went over their calendars to see who was available for upcoming assignments. Brad looked over Jim's calendar and noticed that Jim had a scheduled lunch with Joe Casey. The firm had been trying to get Casey as a client for years and Jim had lunch with him each quarter. 

Joe Casey was an accomplished entrepreneur and a self made man. Joe was always very selective with whom he did business with. He had built his company by acquiring other companies that were struggling and turning them around. Joe was one of the most respected portfolio managers in the business world. 

"Jim has a scheduled luncheon on Wednesday with Joe Casey. Since Jim is out of town do we have a volunteer to attend the lunch?" Brad asked.

Colin was surprised that everyone was silent. It appeared that no one wanted anything to do with Joe Casey. Colin then spoke up.

"I'm available Wednesday. I'll do the lunch meeting," Colin offered.

A few of the partners and senior managers snickered and then Brad replied, "Colin do you know who this guy is? He will chew you up and spit you out."

"Well if no one else wants to do it, I'm willing to give it a try," Colin replied.

"Sure, why not, it will be a good experience for you," Brad said almost sarcastically and then added, "You can get the details from Cathleen after the meeting."

Later after the staff meeting Colin got the details of the luncheon from Cathleen but not before he had to let her suck his cock in Jim's office. Cathleen gave Colin the restaurant name and address and she also provided a file on Joe Casey. The file contained notes from the previous lunch meeting between Joe and Jim. That afternoon Colin also did more research on the holdings of Joe Casey.

Colin spent Tuesday learning all he could about Joe Casey's corporation. He noticed that a number of companies were struggling and not meeting expectations. Colin decided to focus on them and learn more about them. Wednesday arrived and Colin was nervous about his lunch appointment. Colin knew he was over his head but he was resolved to do his best. The worst thing that could happen would be that Joe Casey still was not a client. 

Colin arrived at the restaurant and he was shown to Mr. Casey's table. Colin introduced himself to Joseph Casey. "Mr. Casey, my name is Colin Jennings and I am with the firm R&R. My boss Jim Reynolds is out of town and I was asked to meet with you."

Joe Casey studied Colin for a minute and then replied, "So they sent you to the wolves, did they?"

"No Mr. Casey, actually I volunteered to meet with you," Colin said trying to maintain his confidence.

Casey studied Colin some more and he liked something about the young man, "Well good, please sit down and call me Joe."

Colin sat down and Joe Casey drilled him about his education and experience. While they were talking a waiter came over and took their drink order. The waiter was very effeminate looking and Colin guessed that he was gay. The waiter was dressed in a white shirt, black bow tie, black vest and very tight black slacks. When the waiter walked away, Colin noticed that Joe Casey's eyes followed the waiter's ass. Then they resumed talking.

Each time the waiter appeared at the table and left, Joe Casey watched the waiter's ass. Colin noticed that the waiter did have a nice round ass and it was one that Colin himself would like to fuck. Joe then realized that Colin caught him checking out the waiter.

"Sorry about that Colin. I'm a leg and ass man and I love looking at nice asses even on some gays," Casey admitted.

"I know what you mean," Colin answered without thinking.

"You do?" Casey asked.

"Well yes, I mean that I'm a leg and ass man too," Colin replied nervously.

"Tell me then Colin; assuming that you have had your share of women, have you ever screwed a guy?" Casey asked in a low voice.

Colin decided that honesty with someone like Joe Casey was the best path to take so he admitted that he had done a couple of guys. Casey pressed Colin for details and Colin told him about Julian in Paris. Colin also told Casey about Henri and Ricky but he did not go into details.

"Well, well a man after my own heart," Joe stated.

Casey then told Colin about a couple of his bisexual encounters. "You know Colin; I have always said that a blow job is a blow job no matter whether you get it from a girl or a guy. Anal sex is anal sex whether it's a girl or a guy."

"I totally agree Joe," Colin said feeling very comfortable in Casey's presence now.

The two of them had found a common bond and their conversation never got back to business. They both enjoyed a great lunch and each other's company. Then Colin got the surprise of the day.

"Colin, would you like to be my guest for dinner this Friday at my home?" I'll have my housekeepers prepare a meal you won't soon forget."

"Wow that would be wonderful. Can I bring anything?"

"No I have it covered. Do you like Thai food?"

"I've never had it but I'm always up to trying something new."

"That a boy! My housekeepers are from Thailand so I'll have them make us one of their specialties. Plan to be at my house at 7:00 PM and we'll have a couple of drinks before dinner."

Joe Casey then gave Colin his home address and directions to the house. Colin took care of the check since his firm was buying lunch. Then they stood up and shook hands and departed the restaurant. Joe asked Colin to keep the dinner invitation quiet and Colin agreed as much as he wanted to brag to the others at the firm. 

Back at the home office Colin was drilled about the lunch. Colin told everyone that it went fine and that Joe Casey was considering using R&R for an upcoming project. No one believed Colin but at least they left him alone.

FRIDAY EVENING AT JOE CASEY'S HOME

Colin drove to the exclusive suburbs where Joe Casey lived. As Colin turned into the gated community called Hemlock Hills he admired the entrance. The guard had Colin name on the guest list and he gave Colin directions to the Casey house. Colin drove slowly and took in the mansions and estate like homes. One was bigger and more stunning than the next. Then he located Joe's house and pulled in the large circular driveway. Colin was impressed with the house and thought that some day he might live like this.  

Colin made his way up the walk to the front door and he rang the bell. The delightful chimes echoed through the house and within seconds the front door was opened. Colin was greeted by a beautiful Asian girl wearing a jade color silk dress. The dress had a high collar on it and it covered her neck. The girl's hair was jet black and it was pulled back and tied into a long ponytail. Colin stared at her in all her beauty before stepping into the foyer.

"Mr. Casey expecting you, please you follow me," the girl said in a soft voice. 

Colin followed her into the main part of the house. He noticed that her jade dress was cut up the side of both legs all the way to the thigh. The dress emphasized her shape as it hugged her small breasts and her perfect round ass. Colin watched her walk in front of him and he focused on her ass as it undulated beneath the tight fitting dress. Colin felt his loins stir just from looking at her.

Colin was led into the den where Joe was nursing a scotch. "Hey you found it, great. I see you have met Lin. You will meet my other housekeeper in a few minutes. Lin, please bring Colin a drink," Joe directed.

Lin made a slight bow and then left the room. When she returned with Colin's drink the other housekeeper walked in with a tray of snacks. Colin looked at the other girl and she looked almost identical to Lin except that her dress was gold. 

"Colin this is Soo," Casey said introducing her.

"Pleased to meet you both," Colin said.

The two girls bowed slightly and then left the room. Colin watched as an ample amount of leg peaked on the sides of both dresses and their cute round asses rolled with each step. Colin couldn't believe how beautiful they both were. Soo and Lin looked like two porcelain dolls, they were that fine. Colin immediately wondered if Joe was fucking both of them. Colin remembered what Joe had said about being a leg and ass man. Well there were two sets of beautiful legs and fantastic asses with those two.

"They have great asses, don't they?" Joe said as if he was reading Colin's mind.

"They're beautiful!" was all Colin could say in reply.

"Hey, cheers!" Joe said raising his glass to Colin.

Colin returned the toast, "Cheers!" and he lifted his glass to Joe.

"Come on bring your drink and I'll show you the place while Soo and Lin get dinner ready," Joe offered.

Colin picked up his drink and followed Joe around the house. Colin was obviously impressed with the house and décor. Joe showed him the first floor and lower level as there were only bedrooms and baths on the second level. On the main floor was the living room, dining room, library, den, kitchen, breakfast area, a gathering area and two bathrooms. The lower level was really interesting where there was an exercise area, bar, game room, two more bathrooms and a room Joe called the relaxation room. The relaxation room had a large Jacuzzi that measured 8x8'. It also had several lounge chairs and tables, a couple of massage tables and a large soft mat on the floor.

"I have a lot of fun in this room with Soo and Lin," Casey remarked to Colin.

Colin felt his cock swell just from the thought of being naked in the relaxation room with Soo and Lin. He imagined Joe in the Jacuzzi naked with his two housekeepers and then getting a massage from them. He wondered if Joe ended up on mat fucking the two of them. 

Joe told Colin that outside there was a swimming pool and another Jacuzzi, a cabana and plenty of lounge chairs. Joe told Colin that it was very private and that he often swam in the nude outside. Then Joe took Colin back upstairs to check on dinner.

Lin told them that dinner was ready to be served so Joe and Colin took their seats at the dining table. Soo opened a bottle of wine and Joe gave his approval after tasting it. Soo and Lin then brought the food out from the kitchen and served Colin and Joe. Colin could not take his eyes of Soo and Lin as they moved around the table and made several trips to the kitchen. He constantly caught glimpses of their bare legs through the slits in their skirts but it was their shapely asses that he salivated over.

Colin was surprised but pleased when Soo and Lin sat down at the table to dine with them. The meal was fantastic and Colin enjoyed everything that was prepared. Soo and Lin guided Colin through the Thai dishes and explained what sauces and spices to use. Joe cautioned him on one spice.

"Colin, be careful with that one. It will burn the skin in your throat and scald the hairs in your nose," Joe said with a boisterous laugh. 

Lin told Colin that it was very hot and to try just a tiny bit. She moved over to Colin and took a speck and placed it on Colin's plate. As she did she pressed her breast against his arm then she smiled at him as she moved back to her seat. Colin tasted the spice as directed by Lin and Joe was right. Just that little speck set his mouth on fire. He quickly slugged down some wine as the three of them laughed.

After dinner Joe and Colin adjourned to the den and Joe poured then after dinner drinks. They chatted some more while Soo and Lin cleaned up the dishes. Joe never once brought up business and Colin didn't dare. Joe had taken a liking to Colin and it was obvious. Joe refreshed their drinks just as Soo and Lin came into the den. They stood there as if waiting for their next assignment.

Joe looked over at Colin and asked, "Colin, are you in the mood for a blow job?"

Colin couldn't believe what he heard and stammered his response, "Did I hear you right, a blow job?"

"Yes you heard correctly. Soo and Lin give wonderful blowjobs and I know that they think you are very handsome," Joe told him.

Colin blushed but replied, "How could I refuse an offer like that?"

Soo and Lin smiled and they walked over and knelt on either side of Colin. He slid forward in the chair as they unbuckled his belt and unfastened his trousers. Colin then lifted his hips as they tugged his pants and underwear down past his knees. Colin was already hard when his cock came into view. It sprung up when his underwear cleared his pubes and he heard gasps from Soo and Lin.

"They like your big cock Colin. This will be a real treat for them as well," Casey said.

"What about you Joe, aren't you going to get one too?" Colin asked.

"No not tonight. I'm not young anymore like you. So I want to save myself for when I fuck them later," Joe replied.

Colin watched as the two delicate mouths moved up and down on the side of his shaft with their lips pressed together. The slit skirts spread out and Colin could see an ample amount of leg flesh showing. He was really turned on and he knew that it would take everything he had to control an early ejaculation. Lin wrapped her hand around the base of Colin's cock and it was like putting a cock ring on. She held his balls and cock in one hand with his balls resting on her thumb. She held him snugly and as a result his ball sac was stretched tight. 

Lin then began to lick his tight ball sac and at the same time Soo lowered her mouth to engulf his cock. Colin wanted to reach down and grab both pony tails as they worked on his cock but he thought better of it. Instead he just watched as the two beauties worked over his cock and took turns sucking it. Colin then felt his balls really tighten as his orgasm built in his loins. Lin seemed to sense his pending ejaculation and she covered his cock with her mouth.

Colin groaned as he came and filled Lin's mouth with cum. Lin took the first two streams in her mouth and then she passed the cock to Soo so that she could receive the next burst of cum. Soo took a couple a shots and then passed it back to Lin. The two of them passed Colin's cock back and forth until he was drained of every drop of cum. Soo and Lin were extremely efficient as not a single drop of semen was missed. Colin just leaned back in the chair and groaned.

"Well done Soo, well done Lin," Joe complimented them and then he said, "Come on Colin, tidy yourself up, grab your drink and we'll head down to the relaxation room."

Colin pulled his pants back up and followed Joe to the lower level. Colin's head was spinning as he couldn't believe the incredible blow job that he just received from the two beauties. He had forgotten all about Joe sitting in the den watching them. It was the first time that two people sucked his cock at the same time and the first time someone watched him get sucked off. It had been wild.

"I thought we would hit the Jacuzzi and then get a massage from Soo and Lin. Are you up for that?" Casey asked.

"Sure that sounds great," Colin babbled.

"Good you can put your clothes over there. Bring your drink with you," Casey instructed. 

Colin knew he didn't have to ask about a bathing suit as it was obvious they would go in the Jacuzzi naked. Colin wondered if Soo and Lin were going to join them in the Jacuzzi and he soon had his answer. Colin and Joe were already in the water when Soo and Lin entered the room. They were both wearing silk kimono like robes and Colin hoped that they were naked underneath. Colin stared at them as they turned their backs to him and dropped their robes. They were naked as Colin had hoped and their beautiful shapely bodies were on display. 

Colin took in their beauty from head to toe. He admired their slender shapely legs as his eyes traveled upward to their buttocks. He stared at their incredible curvy asses which looked perfect. Their waists were narrow and their skin was flawless. Soo and Lin released their ponytails and their hair draped over their shoulders. Colin's cock was rock hard by now.

Then Soo and Lin turned around and faced Colin and Joe. Colin looked at their pretty faces and small but perfect tits briefly. Then his eyes dropped and looked at their pussies. However they didn't have pussies they had dicks. Soo and Lin were boys and they cocks, small cocks but they were definitely cocks.

"Aren't they something?" Colin heard Joe say and then, "Colin I would have never shared this with you if you hadn't told me about your experiences. I thought you would really like Soo and Lin. Wait until you fuck them in the ass, you already know what good cock suckers they are."

Colin kept staring at the pretty boys somewhat in disbelief but at the same time in admiration of their incredible effeminate bodies. Soo and Lin then walked toward Colin and they entered the Jacuzzi. The little cocks hardened and Colin noticed that they were even smaller than Ricky. Joe was also hard now and Colin noticed that he had an average cock. Soo and Lin stood close to Colin and ran their hands over his body. They lifted his balls and stroked his cock as they pressed their tits into his body. Then Lin moved over to Joe and she began to stroke him as well.

They stayed in the Jacuzzi for several minutes engaging in foreplay until Joe announced it was time for a massage. Colin and Joe got out of the water and Soo and Lin dried them with large fluffy Turkish towels. Colin and Joe then stretched out on the massage tables as Soo and Lin retrieved the body oils. Soo then massaged Colin as Lin massaged Joe. Joe and Collin were face down as Soo and Lin worked the oil into them, first the shoulders, then the back, buttocks and legs. Joe and Colin then turned over and their erections were sticking up in the air. Soo massaged Colin's chest, abs and legs skipping his pubes. Then she returned to is pubes and she lovingly stroked his cock. Colin knew he would cum if she kept it up. Just then Joe spoke.

"Okay, let's go to the mats. Colin I'm going to fuck both asses first and loosen them up for your cock," Joe stated.

Soo and Lin took up the subservient doggy-style position on the mats as Joe lubricated both assholes. Colin was dying to get his cock into one of their asses as he watched Joe prepare them for anal sex. Soo and Lin had their heads down turned toward each other. They reached out and held hands as Joe worked on their asses. Then Joe moved behind Soo and eased his cock into his shapely ass. Soo groaned with the anal penetration and squeezed Lin's hand tightly. Joe didn't fuck Soo for very long and then he moved over to Lin and began fucking him. 

"Soo is ready for you now Colin, but take it easy with that ass buster of yours," Casey told Colin.

Colin moved quickly behind Soo and lined up his cock with Soo's asshole. He pushed in and found the fit to be very snug but his cock steadily entered Soo's ass. Soo grunted as he felt the large cock make its way into his ass. Soo placed a hand on Colin's thigh as a reminder to go slow. 

"Oh Lin, he so big!" gasped Soo.

Colin began to fuck Soo slowly and each time he moved forward his cock went a little deeper. Soo moaned and groaned each time the cock went deeper and touched new areas in his rectum. Soon Colin had his 8+ inches buried in Soo's ass. Colin loved the way Soo looked on all fours. Soo looked submissive and delicate as Colin's big thick cock reamed his ass. Colin was close now and he knew that he was going to shoot an enormous load in Soo's ass. Colin thrust all the way in and groaned out loud as he came in Soo's ass. Jets of cum shot into Soo's ass and quickly filled his rectum to overflowing. As Colin resumed fucking Soo, cum ran out of Soo's ass and down over his balls. Soo's anal muscles were working furiously milking Colin's cock. 
