 Jake was getting restless. There was no TV or other means of entertainment he could use while waiting for that annoying bastard. He had a mind to just get out of the house, but he didn't want Klaus to chase him down from the first day. There was enough time to observe his surroundings later. For now, he had to admit he was very curious about this insanely rich guy, at least by his standards, and his unusual interest in someone like him.

The door finally opened, Klaus coming in with a small box in his hand and a mysterious smile painted on his face.

"Don't you know how to knock?" Jake said defensively.

"And ruin my chances of catching you masturbating?" Klaus twisted his lips as if he could barely refrain from laughing out loud. "Come now, pants down."

"What? You said you wouldn't force me!" Jake complained instantly. 

"And you will not be," Klaus closed the door behind him and came closer. "You will have to trust me."

"Yeah, right," Jake snorted, while still sitting on the bed with his arms wrapped around his knees. "You took me away from my brother ..."

Klaus raised one finger to stop him. "I believe the correct way of describing the situation is that your brother gave you away. How do you feel about that, by the way? He has not come to bring your stuff, either, although he promised."

"He will," Jake said with a small huff. Yes, it was annoying that Diaz hadn't bothered to come around.

Klaus waited by the bed, looking very much amused. "Just take your jeans off. I promise I will not touch you ... any more than necessary. Do not tell me you are frightened?"

Jake eventually moved. He was really curious about what the man wanted. He was anticipating being touched by the gorgeous blond. And he had to prove that he was not scared.

With quick moves, he flipped open his jeans and stepped out of them. He liked going commando; there was no underwear to bother him. He stood up straight, his hands in front, his legs slightly parted.

"So?" he challenged Klaus with his eyes.

The man caressed Jake's cheek briefly, and turning, picked up the box he had placed on the table earlier. Jake's eyes spoke volumes as he saw the object.

"The fuck is that?"

"This is ... let us call it a little more sophisticated model of a chastity belt," Klaus presented the small transparent case in his hand.

"No way," Jake took a step back, but his calves hit the bed. 

"Yes way," Klaus said with a small laugh. "I told you I would not have you masturbate on my expense. If you are the stoic you claim you are, although your actions speak otherwise, then what is the problem? Plus, it is not like I will have you running around and mess around with my staff, either. Agnes is particularly off limits," Klaus joked while climbing on the bed and pushing Jake down with a firm hand.

"She could be my grandma, what the hell?"

"Now, Jake, be a good boy," Klaus cooed and reached between Jake's legs to fondle his balls a little. "No harm will be brought to you."

"Like hell it won't," Jake said defensively, although he could feel his eyes rolling in his head, as Klaus's hand was moving between his legs. "How am I going to piss? Or wash?"

"I will show you. The belt is designed to prevent you from getting it up, not stop you from relieving yourself. It will be a bit uncomfortable, but doable. You will be able to take showers, do not worry. I will help you should you need help."

"Fucking pervert," Jake tried to push Klaus away, but the man didn't budge.

"Look, Jake, it is this or you running back to your brother. What is it going to be?" Klaus asked a bit annoyed.

That was enough to make Jake back down. "Whatever. Put the damn thing on me. It's not like I'll get hard around you anyway."

"Should we test that theory?" Klaus bent more and placed a small peck on Jake's left cheek.

The hand moved on his cock, and Jake let go of a small moan. 

"I should get you off before putting the chastity belt on," Klaus said mostly to himself.

"Don't," Jake whispered, but his mouth was captured into a kiss, and he let go. It was just a hand job, right?

He could feel the tight grip on his organ down right into every fiber of his being. It was like there was nothing else but the hand moving maddeningly slow, gathering liquid in the small slit. A thumb teased the head, spreading the moisture around.

"Please, let go," he begged, moving his head away from the kiss. He could not think with Klaus's tongue in his mouth. 

"Jake, you're so hot right now, you should see yourself," Klaus murmured into his ear. 

He was made to get up from the bed, as Klaus moved away. Confused he stood up. Klaus dragged him in front of the large mirror he had noticed earlier in one corner. 

Klaus stood behind him and gently seized his jaw.

"Look," he beckoned Jake to look in the mirror. "What do you see, Jake?"

"A pervert all over me," the brunet said softly.

He could not believe that was him. His eyes were moist, his lips looked a bit swollen, and there was a stranger's hand moving on his cock steadily, unhurriedly.

"You are beautiful, Jake," Klaus whispered against his cheek, placing small kisses all over it.

He could feel his toes curling against the plush carpet on the floor. He could not bear it, so he closed his eyes.

"Let go, Jake," Klaus spoke seductively in his ear. "There is no one here but you and me."

He came so hard Klaus's strong arms were the only thing that kept him from falling. His breath was ragged as he slowly came to his senses. He barely registered how his soft organ was pushed into the small transparent case, and thin leather straps were locked behind his back and right under his buttocks. 

"Don't you think I will be able to take this out whenever I feel like it?" he said breathily, his eyes still locked on his own image in the mirror. 

"No, I do not," Klaus answered, his words followed by a playful smack on Jake's buttocks. "You see, this is an item that comes with a small feature ... a cipher. Of course, if the situation becomes unbearable, you should just come to me," he placed a quick peck on Jake's lips. "Now, get dressed. We are going out for a walk."

"At this hour?"

"Do not tell me you want to be in bed by nine? You basically slept for hours before dinner."

Without a word, Jake grabbed his jeans.

"At least, can I ask where are we going?" Jake eventually spoke, seeing that Klaus was doing nothing else but stare at him while he was getting dressed.

"You need a new wardrobe."

"I don't think there are many stores open at this hour. Plus, I don't have any money on me. Wait, I hope you don't want to put me in a suit? I won't pay for it, and I won't wear it," Jake said defensively.

"We will go slowly, at first. I still think you could use some new t-shirts and jeans. The ones you are wearing are just too ..." Klaus struggled to find the word.

"Cheap," Jake obliged with a small frown. "I told you, I don't have any money. I dress the way I dress because I cannot afford much else, and damn if I am going to feel bad about it, only because you're a bastard coming from money."

He had said all that in one breath. Now that he was down from the high of his release from earlier, he had to face the harsh reality. Klaus was out of his league, even if, through some miracle, he could try his luck with the guy.

"You are under my care, Jake," Klaus said gently. "This means that I will take care of all your expenses. As long as you live in my house, and obey my rules, no harm will come to you, and you will be treated well. That includes me buying you some clothes."

"So, I'm like a whore or something," Jake mumbled, crossing his arms across his chest.

Klaus seemed amused with his attitude. "To be a whore, you would have to offer certain services. So far, while I must admit that I find you enthralling, I had to coax everything out of you. Due to your reluctance, I am quite certain 'whore' would not be an appropriate term. Plus, each time I have put your pleasure above my own, have I not?"

Jake bit his bottom lip. He couldn't understand what Klaus got from their strange trysts. It was true that the man showed no interest other than making Jake come. Maybe he was suffering from some impotence? That could not be. The man exuded sex through all his pores; yet, Jake had been the only one naked, and the only one getting something from both the times Klaus had touched him. That was strange alright.

"Can't you get it up or something?" Jake blurted out without thinking.

"What makes you think that?" Klaus seemed a bit taken aback.

"You didn't jump me; you're just ... talking," Jake said a bit embarrassed. If the man had a problem, chances were that he had no intention to talk about such a delicate thing with a stranger.

"Do you want me to jump you?"

"No, of course not," Jake pushed his hands into his pockets.

Klaus caressed his forearm and made him take the hand out of his pocket. He entangled his fingers with Jake.

"Right now, we have shopping to do, and later I will show you there is nothing wrong with my ... equipment," he gently rubbed his lips against Jake's earlobe.

Jake felt his blood getting hot again; the man's proximity seemed to cause summersaults in his stomach. An unpleasant sensation made him wince. Then he realized. His cock was trying to get up, but it was pressing against the case closed over it.

"Is there a problem?" Klaus questioned, feeling the youngster's distress.

There was an odd exchange of looks between the two men until realization dawned on Klaus.

"Oh, I see you are starting to see how the belt works. Good, at least we both know for sure that you are not having any erectile issues," he joked, and Jake cast his eyes down quickly.

The man was right. The damn thing wasn't comfortable at all when the wearer wanted to get an erection. 

"What if ..." he expressed his worry. "What if this thing causes some damage and shit?"

"I doubt a four-letter word has anything to do with what you are getting worried about. You should learn to speak without the excessive use of cuss words. You said it yourself that you will not get hard around me. So, what is the problem?"

"Maybe I will get hard for other reasons. Like imagining a girl going down on me or something," he tried to act brave.

"Are you sure it will not be because you will imagine me going down on you instead of some random girl?" Klaus almost whispered the words.

Jake's face was a parody of emotions. Klaus felt compelled to laugh.

"Are you picturing it?" he hovered closely, without touching Jake with more than his fingers wrapped around the brunet's hand. "I must say that I am getting anxious to taste you again. Oh, by the way, we will go see a doctor."

"A doctor?" Jake's mind was mudded with images of a blond head burying between his legs and tasting him fully. 

"Yes, we need to know that you are clean."

"I'm not an animal," Jake tried to move away.

"Do not be difficult. I like to experience my lovers to the fullest, and if a piece of paper saying that they are healthy stands between me and my desire, then do not see why a small medical test should be a problem."

"I'm not your lover," Jake said fiercely. 

"Not yet."

"I don't intend to be."

"What? Are you scared of needles now? The good doctor will only take a tiny drop of blood," Klaus spoke to him like he was a hard-headed child.

"I'm not scared, I just ..."

"We are going, and that's final. A medical test is required for all my employees, so, even if you have no intention to be my lover," Klaus said with a small smile, "you will still be on my payroll, and solid health is expected from you."

"There is no winning with you," Jake said morosely.

"Of course there is. You are just fighting with the wrong weapons, Jake. You just need to be honest about your desires, nothing more."

"Alright, we'll do whatever you want," Jake admitted. "Maybe the doctor will discover I have cooties and you'll send me back, washing your hands off me."

Klaus laughed wholeheartedly. "You look fine to me. And, if you have cooties," he ruffled Jake's hair, "Send you back? No, I will just have you treated for them. I will definitely enjoy bathing you using my own hands."

Jake rolled his eyes. 

"Really, does the pervert in you ever sleep?"

"No, not really. Not when the one I desire is right in front of me."

"You were all business-like at work," Jake pointed out.

"Yes, but it was a bit difficult for me to be like that, with you in the same room. So, for the sake of business, maybe you will perhaps agree to give in and give me what I want."

"I don't give a shit about your business," Jake said with something akin to satisfaction in his voice. "What, you're afraid you won't be able to eat caviar or something if your business goes bad?"

A cool finger pressed against his lips. "Language, Jake, language. And actually I am perfectly able to set my business apart from my pleasure. Since you are here, in my house, I have no issue with seeing about my work at the office and playing with you at home." 

***

It was a bit unnerving for Jake to sit across from Klaus, in the limo, and let those deep blue eyes scrutinize him. He held his hands between his legs, linking his fingers and playing with his thumbs. To say he was a bit nervous was an understatement. That strange device over his sex was not uncomfortable when he wasn't hard, but keeping the sensation at bay seemed difficult while having the object of his desire right in front of his eyes. 

"What?" he eventually snapped to break the silence and make Klaus look away from him.

"I just like looking at you, is that a problem?" Klaus showed his perfect white teeth. "Does it bother you?"

"You know me already, you won't learn anything new about me, if you just keep staring," Jake mumbled.

"You are cute when you are miffed like this," Klaus crossed his legs and looked at Jake with half-hooded eyes.

Jake could bet those insanely blue eyes could look a lot of ways, especially when their owner was taken by desire. But that was something he could only picture. He winced. His cock apparently had its own agenda these days.

Klaus bent slightly and placed a hand on Jake's knee. "Why are you fighting so hard? What do you have to lose?" he asked patiently.

"Everything," Jake said somewhat fiercely. 

That seemed to surprise Klaus a bit. 

"Really?"

"Yes, really. Plus, I don't want it," Jake suddenly realized he had forgotten to deny it.

"You do want it," Klaus said simply while lying back in his seat. "I can understand your fear."

"So, will you leave me alone?" Jake stared straight into Klaus's eyes when asking the question. He could feel a claw gnawing on his chest while waiting for the answer. 

Klaus slowly shook his head. "No. I am not giving up on you just yet. There is ... potential," his voice dropped a note or two. "I think you would be happy. This is not just about me and my desire to be all over you, getting inside you and making you scream my name."

Jake's heart skipped a beat while hearing Klaus speaking so casually about what the man wanted from him.

"This is about you. You feel lost right now."

Lost? Jake frowned.

"You're wrong," his jaw tightened.

"What do you plan to do, Jake? Live a lie your entire life? Feel miserable just because your brother and the others do not condone homosexuality?"

"I told you I'm not ..." Jake couldn't bring himself to say it. 

"You keep telling that to yourself. Although," Klaus pondered for a moment, "you may, perhaps, have a plan?" he quirked an eyebrow.

"What plan?" Jake looked pretty much like the notorious cat with his whiskers soaked in stolen milk.

"I don't know. Find yourself a new way, leave everything behind ..." Klaus fished for information, his curiosity spiked.

"Maybe," Jake murmured, staring stubbornly at his fingers again.

"I can help you with that. I can help you stand on your own."

"Because of the goodness of your heart," Jake showed his disbelief, cocking his head to one side and staring at Klaus.

"Nothing is free in the world, Jake. I told you what I want. And, since you react so well to me, where is the harm? It would be enjoyable for both of us. Plus, before stepping out in the big world out there, a bit of experience wouldn't hurt, right?"

The car stopped right that moment.

"Here we are." Klaus said, and Jake felt like he had missed his chance to say something meaningful.

Thompson hurried to open the door, and Klaus got out, followed by Jake.

"We should not be too long, Thompson," Klaus said courteously, and the chauffeur nodded.

Jake murmured a small 'thank you'. For some reason, he found the towering man a bit scary.

"You're welcome," he heard him say, and, for a short moment, he looked at Thompson and saw a bit of understanding in his eyes.

It looked like there were the only visitors in the large store at this hour. Jake knew they were in some posh place, but he could not remember if he had ever seen it before. 

"We are not in your hometown, in case you are wondering," Klaus spoke, as if he could read his mind.

"I thought so," he responded curtly.

A woman in her 50s approached with open arms.

"Mister Metzger, what a pleasure," she chanted, and Jake felt the need to make himself little.

Everything about the woman spelled class and elegance, at least if he was to take in her clothes. The woman placed imaginary pecks on both Klaus's cheeks, while he did the same. 

"Anna, I have a young man here who needs a new wardrobe," Klaus presented Jake, who felt compelled to take an awkward step forward.

"I see," the woman placed her small white fist under her chin and looked critically at Jake. 

Now he was really feeling out of place. All that was missing was for the woman to say that he was a cheap piece of shit.

"I know what size he needs," she concluded.

What? Could she tell just by looking?

"What will it be, Mister Metzger? Should we start with a nice suit, maybe?" she turned to Klaus with a questioning look in her grey eyes.

"Some jeans and t-shirts would be just fine. And whatever sports shoes you find to complete that," Klaus answered.

If the woman was surprised, she didn't show it. 

"Please, take a seat, I will be right back," she spoke, and she disappeared.

Jake sat gingerly on the red leather sofa.

"Why are you so stiff?" Klaus questioned. "I know for certain that I didn't use a butt plug to make you this uncomfortable."

Jake's eyes spoke volumes and Klaus had to laugh. "No need to be disappointed, we will get there," the blond joked. 

"What am I doing here?" Jake said defensively. "I have my own jeans and t-shirts."

"Should we take Anna on her offer for a suit then?"

"No," Jake said with a scowl. 

"Now, now, be a good boy, Jake. You will try everything she brings over and whatever you like, we'll buy."

"You mean you'll buy."

"Technicalities," Klaus waved his hand.

"I don't want to be a good boy," he tried to revolt, just realizing what the man had said just earlier.

"Do you want to be a bad boy, then?" Klaus's eyes twinkled with amusement. "If you want, I could put you across my lap for a bit of spanking. I really would not mind."

"Who would want such a thing?" Jake asked, completely mortified.

"There is pleasure in a bit of pain if done right," Klaus's lips twitched, and he winked at Jake, making the younger man avert his eyes.

"You really are a total pervert," Jake mused out loud.

"I believe you do not know what that word means," Klaus spoke.

Before he could come up with another snarky remark, Anna was back, with her arms full of clothes. He offered to help right away, to avoid sitting next to Klaus for a while. The woman guided him to a changing room and left him to try out his clothes.
