 He should have felt like he didn't belong, but, in truth, Jake was a bit proud, if only inwardly, of how good he looked. The casual clothes he was wearing were not a suit, but they weren't his usual jeans and t-shirt either. Klaus had great taste in clothing and Jake was not regretting a bit, seeing the vaguely surprised look in Hans's eyes, when he made his entrance. Maybe he was not just a mutt, after all. Plus, the visit to the doctor, earlier that day, had not been so bad. It looked like he didn't have cooties, at least.

The light blue shirt had the last two buttons open. Jake had just taken a shower, and his hair was just a tiny bit damp. He had little idea what his casual gesture of carding his fingers through his raven strands caused. Both Hans and Klaus watched him hawkeyed like he was some prey worth hunting down. 

Jake caught them staring, but didn't linger. He looked over the large room filled with guests and wondered, for the umpteenth time, why Klaus needed him there. Soon, Klaus, as patron of the party, was stolen away by a couple in their 50's, apparently very interested in the businessman's latest project. Jake didn't manage to exchange even a few words with Klaus before he found himself close to Hans. 

That was uncomfortable, he thought. Hans was observing him, without even pretending he was not doing it. With everyone around too preoccupied to care, Jake started thinking about an exit strategy. Hans moved closer to him.

"So, Jake, don't you think a bit of fresh air would be nice?"

He nodded. He had already made a promise to himself that he would not show any sign of weakness towards the guy, so there was no harm in chatting him up a little. Plus, he was curious about Klaus and wanted to know more. Maybe Hans was more of the talkative kind.

They stepped out on the balcony and sat in silence for a few minutes, Hans fiddling with his glass, and Jake leaning against the railway. Inside, the party looked pretty animated but too formal for Jake's taste.

"Klaus will not give up," Hans spoke all of a sudden.

Jake remained silent.

"He will eventually get you between the sheets and have his way with you."

"I assume you're talking from experience," Jake could no longer keep it inside.

Hans chuckled softly. "I am not your rival if that is what you are afraid of. That ship sailed a long time ago," the man admitted, although a bit regretful.

"Then why ..."

"Why am I talking to you? You are young and naïve, Jake. Klaus always has the best intentions, but he is too self-centered to care for a guy longer than a few months."

"Why are you telling me this? There's nothing between him and me," Jake shrugged a bit too energetically.

"You will get burned, kid. If you are in this just for fun, that is fine. But do not get your hopes high. Klaus will not stay here for your sake. He will move on and so should you when the time comes."

"I am not a ..." Jake was about to use the word 'fag', but he refrained. "I am not gay. I have no problem with you two being that, but I'm not. So all this conversation ..."

Hans interrupted him with another chuckle. "Who knows? Maybe Klaus will get so engrossed into convincing you to jump in bed with him, that he will stick around a while longer. Maybe you are the one he needs to get down from his high horse."

"I don't understand a word you're saying."

"Klaus is all ice, and, by the looks of it," Hans measured him up and down, "you are all fire. Do not fall for him; it is all I am saying."

Jake took a deep breath. He could not chase away the unpleasant sensation Hans's foreboding words caused somewhere, right into the pit of his stomach. 

"You don't have anything to worry about," he spoke slowly.

Hans touched his arm featherlike. "Is this your poker face? If it is, then I wonder how your brother has not suspected anything by now."

Jake frowned. "My brother? What do you know about my brother?"

"Only that he is your guardian and he would not take well the fact that his baby brother prefers having sex with guys."

"How many times do I have to tell you I'm not gay?" Jake said defensively. 

Hans laughed. "For experienced guys like Klaus and me, it is as clear as day that you are batting for our team."

The man winked at him, and Jake blinked a few times, nervously. 

"Now, seeing that you have no big plans to fall for Klaus, how about you and me have some fun together?"

Suddenly, Jake's stance became guarded. The other bit his lips, trying hard not to laugh. "You are so easy that it is too funny. What I meant was that I know where Klaus's game room is, and, although I am a little rusty, I am pretty sure I can still kick your ass in any PvP game you want."

"Are you sure?" Jake stared back, this time relieved. "'Cause I'm pretty sure old guys like you should have retired a long time ago."

"Let's go, and we will see who will go crying in a corner after that," Hans smiled broadly. 

Jake threw another look inside. Klaus seemed to be as engrossed in conversation with his guests as he had been for the last half hour. What was the harm in ditching a boring party and going to unwind a little?

***

"I cannot believe you did that!" Hans laughed and gave him a friendly slap on the shoulder. "I did not see that coming!"

"So, ready to give up, old man?" Jake teased. 

"What is going on here?" 

They both turned to look at Klaus, who stood in the door, his hands in his pockets, with an unreadable expression on his face.

Was he mad or something? Jake thought. Hans quickly pressed the exit button, and the war sounds died away.

"I thought Jake needed a bit of entertainment more appropriate for his age."

"He is not a kid," Klaus cut Hans's words. "Jake, I need to introduce you to some people."

Jake cast his eyes down and rose from the sofa. 

"If he is not a kid, why do you treat him like one?" Hans intervened again.

Jake stopped and looked at Klaus, curious about the man's answer.

"And how exactly am I doing that?" Klaus inquired, working his jaw just a little bit in annoyance.

"You are telling him what to do, all the time. How are you different from his brother? There is no wonder he does not trust you. He is not looking for a new owner."

"And you are speaking in his name like he cannot do it for himself."

Jake could feel the tension growing thick in the air-conditioned room. "What the fuck, guys? Don't fight," he said the first thing that came to his mind. "Klaus, you were too busy with your guests, and Hans told me you have games. And Klaus, having a room in your house, completely dedicated to gaming, makes you a kid, too."

Both blonds stopped their quarrel and looked at Jake like he was suddenly growing horns out of his head. 

"So you are taking Hans's side now?" Klaus spoke thinly.

Jake could barely repress a small laugh. Klaus always seemed so cool and confident that his question just came across as vulnerable. 

"I'm taking my side. Your party is boring. I don't know anyone. And Hans was pretty cool about inviting me here, to play a game with him. I won, by the way."

"Congratulations," Klaus offered, although Jake could now tell the man was displeased. "Hans, I had Martha book your next flight. It is tomorrow at noon."

Hans frowned, but just a tiny bit. "I will go pack and head straight to the hotel for the night, then."

"You are still welcome under my roof," Klaus reacted.

"No, I am not," Hans shook his head. He offered his hand to Jake and shook it. "Goodbye, Jake, it was nice knowing you. If our mutual so-called friend here behaves, I will probably see you again, and I look forward to it."

Jake kept Hans's hand in his. "Are you sure you don't want to stay? I mean, it's not my house, but ..."

Klaus moved next to Jake and grabbed him by his shoulders. "I cannot leave my guests waiting unattended for too long. Hans, call me when you get home, ok?"

Hans nodded. It didn't look like the man knew how to hold a grudge. He left the room, leaving the other two men behind.

Klaus turned Jake abruptly and looked him straight in the eyes. "What did Hans tell you about me? Do not deny it. I know he did say something."

"That you're a cold son of a bitch, who values money more than friendship. Oh, no, wait, the last part ... I used my own head for it. Surprised?"

Klaus searched Jake's features for several long seconds. Eventually, he relaxed, and his hands traveled from Jake's arms to cup his cheeks. He placed a soft kiss on the brunet's forehead.

"Are you always this passionate?" Klaus asked softly into the raven hair. "I want to see this part of you more often. And preferably in bed, although I like your shy side and I am going to miss it, once you will know everything and move on."

Jake stared into the man's beautiful eyes and wavered. He wanted nothing more but to throw caution to the wind and embrace the handsome blond. He wanted to know everything, and he wanted to be taught. But Hans's words still rang in his ears, like an uncalled for prophecy. 

"Is it true that you always ditch your lovers after you fuck them?" he asked, decided to grab the bull by the horns.

"Oh, I see," Klaus spoke. "Jake, all we have is the present. I can take care of your future. Your town can become a better place. But I make no promises. I do not lie to get men in bed with me. If this is what you are afraid of, I can only tell you this. That right now, I want you. I want you badly, and I will try to seduce you. But happily ever after, that is not me."

"Why?" Jake murmured. 

"Do you have all night?" Klaus laughed. "Actually, I do not know either. It is who I am. You will feel loved and cherished in my arms. I remember all the lovers I have loved in my life. And I am still friends with most of them."

"Like Hans."

"Yes, like Hans."

"So, what will it be? A one night stand? Something like that?" Jake asked.

"No, nothing like that. We will spend many nights together. And we will do a lot of things together, we will travel, and I will have you meet new people and learn new things. There is a world out there waiting for you, Jake. I can take you through the door if you only let me."

"Why?"

"Why? Because you are smart and beautiful and you deserve it."

"Can I have all you are promising without the sex part?" Jake seemed to ponder.

Klaus laughed. "You are a tough bargainer, aren't you? Well, they are all part of me trying to seduce you but rest assured Jake, no one has ever managed to resist me."

Jake snorted. "Bullshit. You look like a supermodel, and you're dirty rich, but you're not that good."

He had no idea how he managed to keep a straight face while saying that. Klaus was the kind of stuff dreams were made of; but he could not lose face, especially when the guy was so overconfident in his charms.

"What would make me?" Klaus glued his body to Jake's, only to feel the younger male react to him.

"What?"

"What would make me 'that good'?"

"I don't know," Jake tried to back down, sensing how dangerously close they were, standing there. If he made a move, they would be rubbing against one another the next second, Jake thought. "Since I'm not like you, I guess we'll never find out."

"You sneaky ..." Klaus patted his nose playfully. "You are fishing for info, making me hope you are ready to give in, and then you go back to your shell with 'I'm not gay' written all over it, just to tease me. Do you know what I do to cockteasers?"

"I have no idea," Jake pretended not to care.

Klaus's lips hovered over his ear, caressing it. "I make a personal goal to have them on their knees and suck me dry."

"Yuck," Jake scrunched his nose, masking the sudden jolt he felt straight to his groin.

"Oh, baby," Klaus mocked. "Do not say that. You have already tasted it. It would just be a bigger serving; that is all."

"I think I'll pass."

"We will see about that. Now come," Jake took his hand. "It is time for you to meet new people. And smile. Do not be so grumpy. That scares people away."

"Good. At least you can rest assured that everyone will go home before some weird ass businessman gets drunk and plays cannonball naked in your pool."

"Oh, so that is your idea of a successful party?"

"Anything else than whatever is going on right now," Jake replied, and continued to frown.

"You are not going to make it anywhere with that attitude," Klaus pinched his cheek with his free hand, making Jake pout more.

"If I'm playing nice tonight, can you remove that thing from my dick?" he made an attempt at bargaining.

"I told you. That comes off when you are ready to give in and admit it that you want me just how I want you."

"And how's that?" Jake looked Klaus straight in the eyes.

"Preferably completely naked, and on your back," Klaus slowly pushed away a few rebellious strands from his forehead.

Jake snorted, trying to hide the heat rising to his cheeks.

"I thought you guys prefer the doggy style position."

"Oh, is that what you prefer? Is that what you are trying to tell me?" Klaus came dangerously close. 

"No way!" Jake took a step back. "Come on, weren't you dying to parade me to some old farts?"

"Watch that tongue, Jake," Klaus pointed the finger at him. "And this time I mean it."

There were so many degrees of cold to describe Klaus Metzger in a funk. This one was somewhat worse than moderately chilly. Which meant the guy was serious, and Jake quickly schooled his features into a neutral demeanor.

"Don't worry. I'll behave," Jake promised.

Klaus relaxed and smiled. And damn, if it was fair that he could smile like that. The fucker was the poster boy for all things holy. Yet, still a cold son of a bitch.

***

He had behaved. Not that it had been hard, seeing that he only needed to give answers to some pretty boring questions that told him that the people presented to him were just playing nice because he was introduced by the master of the house. 

The only thing that was making matters a bit strange right now was that he had way too much alcohol in his system. These rich people had the bad habit of toasting and getting smashed for the tiniest reasons. It had been too late to notice that Klaus, while holding a champagne flute in his hand, had barely touched his drink.

"So, how was it?" Klaus slowly began to massage his shoulders while guiding him back to the house now that the party was over.

"Boring. I told you," he slurred the words a bit.

Klaus laughed. When Jake made a move to go through the door to his room, Klaus just pushed him through his. Jake could already feel his knees giving in, and he had no energy left to fight.

"Hey, aren't you a bit tired? You still have it in you to manhandle me, after squeezing so many balls tonight?" he complained.

Klaus's laugh sounded like a roar. He made Jake sit on his bed, as he took out his tie. Unlike the other day, this time, he threw it somewhere on the floor. 

"That is how you run a business, Jake," Klaus placed one knee between Jake's legs and pushed him with his back against the mattress.

"No wonder you're a sadist," Jake murmured. "You're way too used to make people do your bidding."

"How am I a sadist?" Klaus let his right hand wander over Jake's face, slowly drawing invisible lines on forehead, nose, and cheeks, while his other hand searched for the buttons on Jake's shirt. 

"Take that thing off of me," Jake mumbled.

"Why?" Klaus eyed him suspiciously.

A bubble of laughter rose to his chest. 

"Oh," Klaus finally noticed. "You're a bit flushed. How much did you drink?"

"Don't tell me you didn't count," he said instead of replying. "Your eyes are like drones. They see everything, from here to ... to ..." 

His blurred conscience was fighting and losing.

"So, you are smashed," Klaus chuckled. "And I was so looking forward to playing with you."

"You wanted to play with me? I can kick your ass in any game," Jake said with pride in his voice.

"I was hoping for something more like horizontal sparring," Klaus replied and got up from the bed. "Now I must send you to bed."

"No way," Jake protested and climbed higher on the bed. "This is cozy," he pushed his nose into the pillows and inhaled. 

"Are you going to sleep in my bed? And expect me not to do anything to you?" Klaus laughed.

"You can do anything you want," Jake waved. "I like this so much," he grabbed one pillow and gathered it to his chest. "It smells of you."

***

Klaus wanted to add something, to make fun at Jake's visible state of intoxication, but the young man's soft snoring caught him before he could act on it. With a sigh, he pushed himself off the bed and opened the window. 

There was too much light to be comfortable for the sleeping beauty in his bed, although he was gone for the world. He flicked off all the lights and fished for his cigarillo case. Careful to blow the smoke into the sweet summer night, he turned his head now and then, taking in the curves of the person currently inhabiting his bed and lately, his mind, too.

When he had first seen Jake, being pointed out by his agent as he got info on the local gangs, he had thought the boy was sweet. Still wet behind the ears, and maybe not gay, but a nice prospect nonetheless. He had not paid the young man any more mind until that night when they had so fatefully met. 

It had been more like a shot in the dark, and he was not usually this forward in his conquests when the other party was not interested, but he was glad Jake had responded so well to his sudden provocation. Watching the youth coming undone under his stare had been bliss. And enough to make him want to have another taste. 

Something that, so far, had proven difficult. The measly offerings Jake had allowed were making him hungry. It was a feeling he was not that familiar with. His relationships were usually clear and set in stone. Being denied was not his idea of fun; prissy partners did not have a second chance with him. 

He liked things to be clear. Efficient. As a lover, he went all-in, but that never meant losing his head. Jake had been an exception. The boy had commented on how Klaus's desire for him was only fueled by the fact that Jake had no plans to give in.

But that was not it. Klaus did not like men who were into playing games. Only that, in Jake's case, he was not playing. The young man's reluctance had deep roots, and he was not just faking to be hard to get like others did. 

Jake was genuine. Klaus was ready to admit that it had been awhile since he had enjoyed the company of someone who was so ... real. Hans, back in the days, had been like that. He still was. But they were nothing but friends, and Klaus did not believe in rekindling their lust. They were too good as friends. As lovers, they had been quarreling way too much. And Klaus knew that, no matter how difficult it was for him to admit it, there was something he could not give to anyone. 

It was not like there had been trauma in his life or anything remotely similar. It was just how things were with him. He had no regrets whatsoever. Life was long, and occasions were many, and he saw no reason to dock into some port while there was still nice weather to enjoy, out at sea. The current work in progress, he thought, as he dragged another long mouthful of flavored smoke, was more exciting than usual.

He flicked the half smoked cigarillo out the window and sneaked into bed with Jake. No matter how amusing things were going to get later, it was just natural for him to embrace Jake from behind and cover both of them with a blanket. He winced as his half hard cock brushed against the boy's clothed ass. He pondered for a moment, and then a wicked thought crossed his mind. Slowly, he proceeded to undress the uncouth man in his bed, taking advantage of his drunken stupor.

He was breaking a sweat by the time he was done, but now he could enjoy being glued to that perfect body to the fullest. Hans was right that Jake was not his usual type. He was dark and rebellious, but alluring in ways no one else had been so far. The young man had perfect lips. His mouth was maybe a bit large, but that made his smile even more radiant, on the rare occasions he did that. But his lips ... they were soft and full, waiting to be kissed. 
