 The following is based on true events.

I am a local college student in Pittsburgh, Pa. I grew up in Maryland about 20 minutes north of Annapolis and recently had a vacation. I went home and only had a week. My dad is a big football fan, unlike me, and while I was there he asked if I wanted to go to a game. I like to spend time with him so I jumped at the chance. It was only a pre-season game but I still had a good time. 

When at sporting events or coming out of the movies, I always make it a point to use the urinal so I can sneak a peek at the other men. Well, at the foot ball game I was using it and it was the middle of the third quarter and it was empty. I was extremely surprised because I have never seen a stadium bathroom empty. Come to think of it, the stadium itself was pretty empty as well, and that was suprising too because it was a really good game. Anyway, this black man walks up to a urinal and I hold my breath as I hear his zipper. All of a sudden there it is. The biggest dick I have ever seen. It had to be . . . about six or seven inches long and 1 ½ inches wide. The best part, he was still soft. I was mesmerized. It was like nothing I had ever seen before. Not only was this man hung like a horse, he was an adonis. No, not an adonis, a god. He had to be a good 6'4" compared to my 6'1" and the best body that I had ever seen, at least of what I saw through his loose shirt. His head was shaved bald as most black men are and had a gold loop earing in his left ear. 

Not expecting anything to happen I zipped up and started to leave when all I hear is him say "Where are you going?" 

I turn around thinking I was just hearing things but he was stroking his dick still facing the urinal. He turned his head slowly and flashed the whitest grin. He looked almost devilish. 

"What?" I said in an innocent voice. 

"You heard me. I saw you. Salivating over my cock like the white bitch you are. Come here." 

With that, he grabbed me by the neck and started pulling me toward the stall. At this point I was scared shitless. I thought he was going to rape me or something. He pulled me in and started to grab my dick through my pants. And although it felt great, I pushed his hand away because he made me feel minuscule compared to him. I am a mere 6 ½ inches and only 1 inch thick. 

"Uh-uh, I'm calling the shots." and with that I felt his hands on the back of my neck pulling me toward him. 

Our lips met and I melted. I am quite cute but just a little chubby so I don't get every guy that I want. I wrapped my hands around his neck and we shared the most passionate kiss I have ever had. Well sort of. It would have been the most passionate kiss if I hadn't tasted the beer on his breath. I continued to kiss him as I unbuttoned his shirt. I was right. He did have the best body. "I know, you are loving this aren't you." 

I couldn't even speak. I just stared, opened mouth, and nodded. He pulled me back for a quick kiss before he started to push me down. I unbuckled his belt, undid the button and pulled his pants to the floor. I find it quite sexy for a man to have his cock hanging out of his boxers so I left them on for a moment. I brought my hands up to feel the girth of his cock and oh my god was it heavy "That's not what you're here for." he said, and with that he sat on the back of the toilet and had me sit on the front so I could just turn around if we heard anyone. When we were situated, he put his hand on the back of my head and pulled it toward his dick. I was so close that I could feel the heat. I started with the tip which was leaking precum already. I had never tasted anything so amazing in my life. As I licked the tip of his cock, it twitched with excitement. I swirled my tongue just spreading the precum around the swollen, throbbing head. I continued to lick down the shaft, playfully nibbling the whole way down his cock. His hand was on the back of my head and even though I had total control to do what I wanted, I felt as though I was in some kind of a trance. 

"That's right, suck that cock bitch. Come on, get more in your mouth." He increased the pressure on my neck and started forcing my mouth further onto his cock. 

"You have to slow down. I haven't done this very much." 

"Shut up. I'm sure you're a fast learner. Just relax your throat." 

I tried and he was right. I relaxed my throat and just kept thinking that this feels natural and it worked. His cock which had grown to be about 11 inches and 2 inches wide slide right down my throat. Right at that moment someone walked in it scared the shit out of me. I thought for sure we were caught. I quietly turned around and dropped my pants so that if someone looked in, they would think it was just me. Well that guy left and another person walked in. I thought that we were never going to be able to finish. The whole time that I was sitting there I was stroking his cock over my shoulder and sucking on his fingers. It was almost as good as his cock sliding down my throat. The other man left and I stood up and bent over to pick up my pants. When I bent over, I got the shock of a lifetime. He slid one of his saliva-covered fingers right up my ass. I couldn't do anything but gasp. His fingers, like his cock, were huge. My knees almost buckled from the feeling. I don't know if it was pleasure, pain, or a combination of the two. What I did know was that I didn't want him to stop. In and out. He kept this up for about a minute and then he inserted another finger. GASP. It was amazing. 

"Back up a little." He removed his fingers and I took two baby steps back and my eyes nearly popped out of my head. I had backed right up to the head of his cock. "It's just like giving head. Just relax and let it happen." He grabbed my hips and just pulled back. He must have stretched me out good because it popped right in. With one hand on my hip and the other on my shoulder, he began to pull me off and then pull my back. He would pull so that about half of his cock was in and then pull my back hard. I was loving it. I felt that if anyone touched my dick that it would just explode so I didn't. I began to moan and felt my dick rupture. I had to cum at least five or six good shots and while I was cumming my ass was just clamping down on his cock. I had his shit in a head lock and I was not letting go. He knew it too. With about three or four more strokes, I felt it. He had shot his load. Lucky for me he was wearing a condom. I hadn't even thought about that. He didn't take his cock out until he was soft. It came out with a plop and I suddently felt very sad. There was a depressing emptiness and I hated it. He turned me around and kissed me while he felt my ass. His fingers expertly found my hole again and he continued to finger me while we kissed. He brought his fingers into the kiss and we both sucked on them until they were clean enough to perform surgery with.

"Oh shit I have to go!" and with that I pup on my pants and bolted. 

"Where have you been?" my dad asked. 

"The lines were terrible!" He didn't know it, but I was smiling on the inside.