 My many lonely nights at college had left me eager and full of anxiety. I stared at gay dating websites and local ad websites every night, wondering if one of the guys posting was the perfect sexual match for me. Meeting a guy online is always a hit or miss, and honestly the only hit I had ever had was with Doug. A couple months after I had first hooked up with Doug, our schedules had conflicted a couple times in a row. It was a Wednesday night when I finally met someone new.

Jeff was a 6'4 225 pound African-American guy who loved sports and beer. He seemed like an All-American type; someone who was really in shape and really into just "hanging out with the guys." I sent him a message and waited for a response. It was 45 minutes later when he arrived at my apartment.

"So you do this a lot?"

"No not really, I have a girlfriend most of the time, haha." We chuckled together. 

Jeff was all over me in minutes. He ran his fingers through my hair, and squeezed my ass with the other as he tongued my mouth, pressing his growing bulge against my stomach. He was so tall, and he was definitely packing something. As he took off my shirt and slid my gym shorts and boxers to the ground, my half erect cock tapped him on the chin. He put it all in his mouth and down his throat in one gulp. I marveled at how he could take my almost 7 inch cock without a flinch. He sucked me, sitting me on the bed, as he was kneeling in front of me, stroking himself through his pants. I played footsie with his cock, moving it from left to right, feeling it with my toes, and realizing it was about as long as my size 11 foot. 

I stood him up and took off his shirt. He had massive pecs and ripped abs, definitely the most in shape man I had ever seen. I took off his jeans, and slowly took down his white briefs. 

"Who wears briefs anymore?" I asked jokingly. 

"I guess just me..." He replied

I smiled and tried to handle his massive boner in my hands. Even with two hands on his cock, there was almost 4 inches of cock for me to suck. I took him in my mouth and worked his head. He stared at me, as I looked up at him from my kneeling position. His member throbbed with each flick of my tongue, and I could taste his sweet pre-cum oozing out him. It tasted magnificent. 

"I've never been with a Latino guy."

"What a shame."

I laid him on the bed and climbed on top of him. Rubbing his cock in between my ass cheeks, I could feel it stiffen against the skin of my asshole. He slapped his hard cock against my hole as I tongued his mouth. My own cock was rock hard, so I slapped it lightly against his abs and chest, leaning in to kiss him. 

I grabbed a condom, put it on him, and took out my lube. His cock was huge, was it really going to fit in my ass? Well, it wasn't. He stuffed it in my small hole, shoving his head in as hard as he could. It killed me with pain, I screamed a little bit, luckily my dorm walls were so thick. 

"We can try again next time." He whispered as he finally stopped trying to attempt the impossible. 

"I'm so sorry, is there something else I can do?"

I got on my knees and worshiped Jeff's cock. I slapped it on my face, on my tongue, rubbing his balls on my chin as I stroked him. I spit on his cock, lapping it up, slurping up his pre-cum as it came in higher amounts. I took two hands and worked him while I tongued his head, looking up at him, begging him to shoot a huge load. I remembered how he enjoyed my footsie earlier so I sat down on my back and lifted my feet to his cock.

"Oooh, a little foot fun?." He questioned.

Before I could work him with my arches he took my feet by my heels and started sucking on my toes. I noticed his cock bouncing and throbbing as he did so, and finally I wrapped my toes around him. Stroking his cock slowly and firmly he moaned and groaned. He loved my footjob. As I worked his cock, I jerked myself off. I was pre-cumming all over my hands when finally my mouth twitched for his rod. 

I got on my knees and held him by the hips, face fucking myself with his huge black cock. 

"Oh my god you're going to make me cum!" He gasped

"Cover me." I said. 

Jeff sprayed me with his nut. One stream covered me from my forehead, down my nose, over my lips, to my chin. He shot four huge ropes of cum, covering my face and hands. It dribbled off my tongue onto my chest and stomach. I instantly used his cum as lube and jacked off hard. At this point he picked me up off the ground, and sat me on top of him on my bed. I jacked off all over his chest as he held my ass cheeks, squeezing them, whispering dirty teasing words. I was a cum covered mess, with my eyes firmly shut, but my orgasm still made my eyes roll to the back of my head. 

After cleaning up and getting out clothes back on I apologized to Jeff. 

"Sorry I couldn't get that massive cock of yours in me."

"Hey it is quite alright man, I had a good time." 

Jeff made me promise me I'd see him again in the next week or so. He frenched me a bit at my door before he left, put on his fitted hat, and left. Jeff was seriously one of the hottest guys I had ever been with, and it would definitely not be the last time I saw him.