 What was I doing here? Here I was, late on a Friday night, sitting in a bathroom stall in the basement of a men's dorm at the local college. I was sitting there with my pants around my ankles as if I was using the toilet for it's intended purpose, but really I was just slowly stroking my cock. I had chosen this particular bathroom after reading about it on a cruising web site. I had chosen this particular time based on feedback on the site.

According to the site, there were no actual dorm rooms in the basement level. It was all janitorial supplies, the HVAC equipment and things like that. Which meant there were no workers there late at night and no random guys heading for a piss after coming home from the bar or when waking from their sleep. Anyone going into that bathroom at that time knew why they were going there. I had to admit to myself, I knew why I was there ...

I continued stroking my cock, slowly, waiting to see if anyone would arrive. My slit was leaking pre-cum. I was aroused, excited, nervous and terrified all at the same time. I never really thought I'd put myself in this situation. I consider myself straight. I love women and find them attractive. I've never looked at another man and thought "Oh, he's cute." But I can't stop thinking about sucking cock for some reason.

I start watching porn at home, masturbating, and eventually find myself reading stories about men having their first gay experiences. That evolved into researching cruising spots. I would always end up cumming and the desire went away and never returned until the next time I got myself worked up. I'd finish and that was that. 

But for some reason this night, when I started watching porn and got myself all worked up, I didn't finish what I had started. I had pulled up the cruising site and was reading about this bathroom again. And I read about a man giving his first BJ in a bathroom. And I decided to do it.

I got dressed, got my keys and drove here. I had been sitting here playfully stroking my cock for 20 minutes waiting for someone else to enter. It was torture, waiting, making sure I didn't bust my nut and lose my nerve. To be honest, I wasn't sure that I'd go through with it if someone came in the bathroom. There was a good chance I'd chicken out. But it was starting to look like I wasn't even going to get the chance to find out and I felt disappointed. But I couldn't just sit here all night. 

I had finally resigned myself to tonight being a bust. I was just about to stop playfully toying with my cock and stroke it to orgasm when I suddenly heard the door squeak open. This was a fairly small bathroom, just two urinals and two stalls, along with two sinks. The door to the stall I was occupying was closed. The person who entered walked into the stall next to me and closed the door. 

My heart rate increased. I had never done this before and had no idea how to start. What if this guy really just needed to use the bathroom? Thankfully, he was a little more forward.

"Hey, man," came a whisper from the other stall. "You suck?"

I froze. This was the chance, I could finally try it. Was I really going to suck another man's cock?

"I'm really horny," came the voice again. "Wanna suck me off? Please?"

Finally I spoke up. "I've never done it before, but yes, I'll suck you off if you want."

I heard movement in his stall. He knelt on the ground and poked his cock up underneath the divider. "Really?" I thought to myself. "This guy expects me to get on the floor of a bathroom to give my first blowjob?"

But that's exactly what I did. It was awkward maneuvering. I got onto my hands and knees, with my legs sticking out under the side wall so that I could be positioned perpendicular in the stall. His dick was 7 inches long and hard right in front of my face. I paused, considering one last time whether I was really going to do this.

"Come on, man," he encouraged. "Suck it. I need it so bad. Suck my cock. Take it in your mouth and suck it for me. I need this so badly"

He was desperate. He was begging and it turned me on. Well, this is why I was here, so ... I opened my lips, leaned slightly forward and took him in my mouth. There it was, I was sucking cock. 

"Ooooooohhhh, yeeeeeeessssss," he moaned from the other stall. "That's it, suck my fucking cock. Suck it good for me. Oh yeah."

As saliva built up in my mouth, I started taking more of his shaft in my mouth. I bobbed my head up and down, taking him in and out. I got into an easy rhythm sucking this prick and found myself enjoying it. I liked sucking cock. I imagined the other guys who had done this before in this very spot and it turned me on even more. A small puddle was forming below me as my cock continued leaking pre-cum from the excitement of the act.

I reached under my body and slowly stroked my member while I sucked this stranger off. I didn't want to even come close to making myself come any time soon so I just played with it lightly. 

I was taking about half of my partner's length in my mouth. I was doing this at a leisurely pace, just enjoying giving my first BJ. But he wanted to come and go. 

"Faster. Please. It feels so good. Keep going, just a little faster to get me off."

I increased my pace as I bobbed my mouth on his slick cock. I wanted to pleasure him, but I didn't want to go so fast that I banged my head on the stall divider. But the little bit of increased pace seemed to be helping him.

"Mmmmm," he moaned. "That's it. It feels so good. Suck me. Keep sucking. You're gonna get your reward soon enough. Almost there."

Knowing he was enjoying what I was doing was an unbelievable turn on. I took just a little more of his length in my mouth to make him feel even better.

"Oh, yeeeeaaahh," he responded. "That's it. Almost there. Almost there. I'm about to cum."

I sucked harder.

"Here it comes. Swallow it for me. Please swallow it. Here it comes. Aaaaaaaahhh, fuuuuuuccccckkk. I'm cumming."

He blasted in my mouth. Even though he had announced what was about to happen, it still caught me by surprise when I felt his shaft twitch and the first rope hit the roof of my mouth. But I composed myself and kept my lips wrapped around him and swallowed his entire load. 

Once he was spent he slipped his shrinking cock back under the divider.

"Thanks," he said. "I really needed that."

"Welcome," I replied. "So did I. Do you have any idea if more guys will be coming in or should I head home?" 

"I can't say for sure, but I bet you'll get more visitors if you stay. Enjoy your night, and thanks again."

His stall opened and he left the bathroom. I climbed up from the floor and sat back on the toilet, trying to decide how long I would wait for a second visitor before I just jerked off and went home. 

Thankfully it didn't take much time. About 3 minutes later the bathroom door opened and someone else was in the stall next to mine. 

"You suck?" came the simple question. 

"Mmm hmm."

I looked under the stall waiting for the new cock to appear. I was just about to assume the position on my knees in anticipation when there was a knock at my stall door. How the hell? I hadn't even heard him move!

"Let me in," came the hushed voice.

Still sitting on the john with my pants around my ankles and hard cock in my hand, I leaned forward and turned the lock. The new guy entered my stall and locked it behind him. He looked about 18 or 19, probably a freshmen, slim kid with no fat and little muscle on him. 

He fumbled with his belt and then his fly and finally just let his pants fall to the floor. He looked at me, ready for me to start. The kid looked desperate to have someone, anyone other than himself, to coax an orgasm out of his young body. 

"Please," he said. A very polite, simple request, but the way he said it spoke volumes. 

I reached my hand out and gave his member a slight tug. He whimpered at the touch. I leaned forward on the seat and took him in my mouth.

"Ooooohhhh, uh," he moaned. He closed his eyes tight as his member grew in my wet mouth. He wasn't bad looking, kind of a cute kid in a nerdy way. He obviously didn't get his dick sucked often, if ever. 

Now fully erect, I went to town on his cock. I sucked him as best as I could given it was only the second blowjob I'd given. But you'd have thought I was a porn star with the noises he was making. 

I stopped jerking his cock while I sucked and just used my mouth. I grabbed his hips and he started thrusting forward. He was only about 5.5 inches fully hard and not very wide around, so I was able to take almost all of him in my mouth each time. I felt a little bad for this kid - and I was loving being a cock sucker - so I wanted to give him the best head possible. 

I reached further around and grabbed his cute little butt. I squeezed it, kneaded it, and he seemed to really like it. 

I was sucking this average cock for all I was worth and I knew he wasn't going to last long at all. Precum was pouring into my mouth and his moans were increasing rapidly, the telltale sign that he was about to explode. 

I reached my right hand a little more and snaked a finger into his cheeks. I found his little brown hole and rubbed circles around it. I loved having my asshole played with and figured he would, too. Boy, was I right!

"Oh fuck!," came out of his mouth as soon as my finger made contact and he panted uncontrollably. 

I kept rubbing little circles for a few more seconds and he exploded into my mouth! 

"Aaaaaaah, fuck! Yes! Huh. Huh. Huh."

I kept rubbing his hole while he spurt into my mouth. He really did have quite the pent up load. Finally he started trembling from over stimulation so I removed my finger and my mouth. 

"I'm not gay," he stated as he pulled up his pants. "It's just ... I haven't met many girls here yet. I was complaining to my roommate and he told me about this place. I've thought about it for weeks, but I'm not gay so I couldn't do it. But tonight ... tonight I was really horny and couldn't stand to jerk off again, so ..." He trailed off trying to justify is actions to himself.

Finally, as he unlocked the door, he said "Thank you is what I mean ..." 

"How much longer are you going to be here?" he asked. 

"So you can come back and be 'not gay' again?" I quipped. 

"I was gonna tell my roommate you're here ... if he's interested ..."

"Tell your roommate to hurry if he wants some head. I'll wait, but not long." 

And the kid left. 

I hadn't cum yet. My cock was straining. "Five minutes," I thought to myself. "If this kid's roommate isn't hear in five minutes, I'm gonna stroke my cock and leave. I've done what I really came here to do today, though it would have been nice if either of those guys had offered to return the favor ..."

A minute later the door to restroom opened. I listened as the new person entered. I didn't hear the stall next to me open though. Was this person actually here just to take a piss in the urinal? Nope! He knocked directly on my door.

"Open up, my roommate just told me you give really good head."

I leaned forward again and turned the latch. The new guy pushed the door open. 

"Hurry up and get in here," I pleaded. 

"Not a chance," he responded. "Get out here. I hate being confined in those stalls."

I sat there stunned. Was this guy kidding? Out in the open?

"No way! Someone could see us."

"Any one coming in here at this time of night knows what's going on and is here for the same thing. Now get your ass out here. I'm not nearly as shy as my roommate. I will make you if you don't listen."

I paused for another second to consider my options. This kid was definitely stronger than me. I stood up and walked out of the stall, my pants and boxers laying on the ground. He pulled his cock out of his shorts. I knew my roll here and sank to my knees. I grabbed his hardening cock, stroked it twice and then put it in my mouth. 

There I was sucking my third cock of the night, this time in the middle of the college bathroom. I started bobbing my head on his 7 inch cock immediately, taking in about half of his length and stroking the rest. I figured I'd get this guy off, swallow my last load of cum and head home for the night. My new partner had other plans though. 

"Damn, that feels good," he told me, "but slow down. I want to enjoy your mouth."

I did as I was told and slowed down and savored the cock in my mouth. Truth be told, I actually preferred it this way. I slid my lips up and down his length, feeling him pass over my tongue. He slipped his hands into my hair and rubbed my scalp. I could hear him moaning, enjoying the sensation. 

Every now and then he would slightly move his hips forward, slipping a little more cock into my mouth than I had been taking before. Plenty of drool had developed in my mouth, letting him slide in with ease. I could taste his sweet precum slowly leaking out of his tip. 

I sucked him slowly like this for close to five minutes when he asked me to stop.

"Seriously?" I asked him, very confused.

"I want to make you feel good, too."

"Finally," I thought, "a guy with some manners!"

"Turn around and lean over the counter," he said as I stood up.

"Wait a minute ..." I started.

"Relax buddy. I want to eat your ass. Unless you aren't interested."

Oh, I was very interested in that! No one had eaten my ass in years! I'd only ever been able to talk one girlfriend into it. I eagerly bent over the countertop and widened my stance. He squatted behind me and spread my cheeks. Then I felt his warm, wet tongue make contact with my puckered hole. Just the tip of his tongue tickled my ass at first, but it didn't take long before he was taking long licks with his entire tongue.

I was totally relaxed bent over that counter as he ate my hole. My eyes were closed as I enjoyed the pleasurable sensation, moaning in appreciation. I was so relaxed that my ass started opening up and I could feel him slipping his tongue inside a little, licking the inner rim. 

The feeling stopped suddenly. He didn't ask me to spin around to resume sucking his cock, or to say he'd suck mine, so maybe his tongue got tired and he just need a quick break? It happened to me when going down on girls from time-to-time, so it was understandable. 

Just as I was about to open my eyes and question what was going on, the pressure and sliding resumed. It felt a little different this time. His tongue wasn't pressed flat against me anymore. Was he curling his tongue or something? That's different and nothing I had ever thought of before, maybe I'd try it the next time I was with a chick and see what she thought. Oh well though, it still felt wonderful so I just went with it.

"Fuck, that feels so good," I said softly. "Keep going, I love it."

"You sure?" he asked.

Who the hell was he asking? Of course I wanted more! He was giving my asshole one hell of a tongue bath. 

"Yes! Do it. I love the way it feels on my ass!"

Wait a second though. When he asked if I was sure, could I still feel his tongue sliding up and down or did he pause for a second? He would've had to pause, right? Otherwise, what was ...

And then I felt the tip of his cock slip in just a little. This is definitely not what I came here for! My eyes shot open and I could see the reflection of him standing behind me in the bathroom mirror.

"No, no, no! Not what I meant!" I exclaimed. 

"Oh sure it was," he winked at me. "I know you're dying for me to fuck you deep. I promise I'll make you feel good and make you cum."

His hand pressed into the middle of my back and pushed me over the counter more. At the same time, he pushed his cock another half inch into me. 

"Oh, fuck!" I yelped. 

"Relax, I'll take my time for you. Just relax and I'll ease it in."

He pulled back a little and then pushed forward. But he didn't go any deeper than the last thrust. Once he encountered resistance, he paused for a second, pulled back and then moved forward again. He kept this up for a couple minutes, only pressing farther inside my ass when I relaxed enough to let him enter. I felt a slight pain, mainly when he first pushed the head in past the ring of my rectum, but nothing like the searing pain I had feared. 

Finally, he had his entire length inside my ass and he started his true fucking. I felt the veins of his shaft slide across my ring. To my surprise, my cock was still hard! And when he shifted slightly and his cock head slid across my prostate, I think I somehow got even harder. 

"Oh god," escaped my lips.

"I told you I'd make it feel good," came his response. "Now it's time for you to get fucked."

He moved his hand from the middle of my back, apparently confident now that I wasn't going to try to get away, and he grabbed my hips with both strong hands. He increased both his pace and how much cock he fed my hole. 

He was inside me completely, fucking my ass with a good pace. The small, otherwise empty bathroom echoed with sounds of his pelvis slapping against my ass. Each thrust slid over my prostate giving me intense pleasure.

"You like it?" he asked. "You like my cock inside of you?"

"Yes," was the only response I could muster.

"Yeah, ya do, you little bitch. Take my cock. Take it deep. Your ass is so fucking tight."

He fucked me a few more minutes, but couldn't maintain the pace he was working me with.

"Shit, I'm gonna cum," he informed me. "You ready to cum?"

I informed him that I was and he reached around and grabbed my cock and started stroking my length. It was the first time someone else had paid any attention to my cock all night. But I was on edge, and his hand did the job.

"Fuck," I grunted, "I'm cumming!"

He kept stroking me as I shot a load on the counter I was bent over. As I came, my asshole clinched, which must have done the trick for my new friend.

"Ung, oh yeah." 

I felt his cock twitch and then a warmth spread inside my bowels. We both alternated cum shots until we were spent, mine landing on the counter or the floor and his being deposited inside of me. When he finished spurting his load, he slowly slid his member out of my hole.

"Thanks," he said as he slapped my ass. "You're a good lay! Wanna come back to my room and go again in a bit?"

"No, thanks, I'm good. I'm gonna head home."

Were we seriously discussing this in a casual way as if he was asking me if I wanted to play another hand of cards or something?

"Too bad," he said as he finished dressing. "Your ass really is hot."

The compliment almost made me reconsider. It really did feel good. But no, it was really late and I needed some sleep. 

"Nah, I can't."

"No problem. Maybe I'll go make my roommate take it now that I know he's open to this sort of thing. Hope to see you around here again then."

With that, he was out the door. I was still standing there, naked, with his cum leaking out of my ass. I dressed, cleaned up our mess and left as well, pretty sure I would return again. It was just a question of how soon.