 Edited by: Mistress_Paz (Thank you Mistress!)

In high school I used to fantasize about juicy fat cocks all the time. I would imagine sucking a nice fat one as I jerked off but never thought I'd actually go through with it. Man, was I wrong. I had four years of cock sucking fun all through college.

During freshman orientation I was introduced to all the guys on my dorm floor. One guy named Dan was very cool. We quickly became friends and started hanging out. Apparently, he was heavily recruited because of his hockey skills and was basically at college just to play hockey. He was very good looking, about 6ft. tall, broad chested and totally cut. He had jet black hair and blue eyes. 

One night, about 5 weeks into school, Dan asked me if I wanted to go to a frat party with him. I went and we hung out for a while getting drunk on beer and checking out the girls. Neither of us hooked up so we walked back to the dorms to have a few more beers in Dan's dorm room. 

After we were well toasted Dan started telling me about his "problem". He claimed his cock was so thick that all the women he has been with can't take it and are often too scared to try. 

I laughed at him and told him he was full of shit. My cock is big, a true 9 inches long by 6 inches around. In high school the girls loved it and always said is was by far the biggest cock they'd ever seen. 

He just kept going on and on about how he couldn't even get a decent blow job because the head would not fit into the girl's mouths. I thought he was really getting ridiculous. 

I jeered, "Look man, I've got a big fat cock and girls love it. I've never heard of this kind of 'problem', and I think you're full of shit. You probably got a small one and are just rattling off this fantasy because you're so loaded."

Surprisingly, he didn't get pissed at my accusation at all. He just said "I wish I was bullshitting you. I'd love to have just an averaged sized cock." 

"Okay buddy", I said, humoring him, "what are you packing 12?"

"No", he said, "it's not the length that's the problem. It's the girth."

"Well," I said, "girls have always told me that it's thickness that really counts. They love the fact that mine is nice and fat."

"Yeah," he said, "that's cool, but there's fat cock and there's fat cock... if you know what I mean." 

"Uh huh," I continued humoring him, "well, mine is 6 inches around, can you beat that?" "I don't know. I never measured it", he admitted.

"I'll be right back," I told him. I left and returned with a cloth tape measure, putting it in his hand. 

Dan started to laugh. "I guess you really don't believe me huh? I'll measure it later and let you know tomorrow."

"Sure," I said sarcastically, "I'm sure you'll be completely accurate too." 

Now he was starting to get irritated. "You really don't believe me huh? Maybe it's you who is full of shit-- maybe your cock is more like 4 inches around not the 6 you claim!" 

"Well, I'm not shy," I told him. "I'm willing to measure it right now in front of you to prove it, no problem."

"Oh yeah," he said, "six inches around you say... That's pretty fat huh?"

"That's what the girls tell me," I said.

He told me he never got into the measuring thing and had no idea what 6 inches looked like. He was sure that whatever it meant, his was thicker! 

"Positive huh, want to make a bet?" I asked.

"Sure, you name it," he said. 

"Well I'm very confident," I said, "so I'll bet whatever."

"Oh yeah," he said, "how 'bout the loser sucks off the winner?"

"Alright if you want to suck me off that's all right with me."

He began laughing again and said "highly unlikely buddy, highly unlikely." I thought Dan was getting nervous at this point because he wanted to go over the contest rules. "Now, it's a girth contest right? We'll measure how many inches around the cocks are and the thicker one gets sucked, agreed?"

"You got it," I said, "no problem."

"Have you sucked cock before?"

"No way man and I don't intend to."

"Me neither but I hope you're a good first timer. I could use a good blowjob!"

"I was just thinking the same thing," I told him. 

He began to rub his cock over his Levis and I saw a crazy bulge in his jeans. It started to look as though there was a beer can in his pants or something. The look of it got me instantly hard and not being the shy type I unzipped, whipped out my cock and said "can you beat this?"

Dan came over to me and mused, "hmmm... looks pretty thick, bud." Then he wrapped the tape measure around the thick middle of my cock. I didn't know that this would be the one and only time Dan would ever touch my cock. "You were right, bud, 6 inches around exactly, pretty impressive." He then sat back down in his desk chair and started rubbing that massive bulge again. He unzipped and dropped his jeans and boxers and left them around his left ankle. 

"Holy shit! You weren't kidding," I exclaimed in barely concealed delight. In front of me was what had to be the thickest cock on the planet. I had seen plenty of porno but never seen any cock approaching this level of thickness. 

"Looks like you've got some work ahead of you, hey bud?" he said. 

I was so mesmerized by this thick and absolutely beautiful cock, I couldn't even speak. The head was so long and plump and flared it looked like a hearty tangerine! I took the tape measure and wrapped it around that massive tool. It was just a hair shy of 8 inches around. Not a very long cock, about 6 inches, but truly beer can thick!

He was looking down at the tape measure and said, "Look at that, I've got 2 inches on you bud. I'd say we have a clear winner."

I was so nervous and excited I still couldn't speak. I was shaking but I pulled myself together and dropped to my knees in front of his chair. 

I was so ready to suck that big dick. I began by lapping at his big loose hanging balls and slowly licked up the broad underside of his fat cock. I cupped his balls with one hand and lifted and stroked his heavy shaft with the other. I then swirled my tongue around that giant head getting it soaking wet. I licked down and around the top side of his cock all the way down to his body and then back up to that massive crown. I was ready to take that beautiful cock head into my mouth. 

I spread my lips as wide as I could and began to suck the head. At first I couldn't get the whole head in my mouth as the ridge of his cock head was so thick and flared it was about the size of cable wire! But, as I sucked and got it wetter and wetter my jaw adjusted and I got past that flared rim and sucked that whole head in and out of my hungry mouth. Dan's super-thick cock filled my mouth so completely. Each time I went past the ridge, I couldn't help but make a popping, slurping sound. 

He really started to get into it and started fucking my hot wet mouth with that enormous cock head. Then he grabbed my head with both hands and tried to shove more of that cock into my mouth but it was so fat only the head could get in. He stopped fucking and just held my head down on him. He tensed, and I felt a hot shot of cum hit the back of my throat followed by two more. As he let go of my head I began to suck again to finish the job. I swallowed that load.

He pulled his cock out of my mouth and jumped onto one of the two twin beds in his dorm room. He lay there with a huge grin on his face. I lay back on the other bed to catch my breath. Neither of us spoke for a while, we just relaxed and lay around. 

I was starting to wonder what he was thinking and getting a little nervous at what his reaction to the whole scene might be. I was relieved when he began to speak. He said, "Holy shit man I can't believe what just happened. You're a natural born cocksucker! You sure you never did that before?"

"No," I said shyly, "I guess I'm just a natural."

We both laughed and he said, "You sure are, bud, seemed like you were really into it."

"I was, man. I have to admit it. I can't believe it but I really liked it."

"Needless to say, me too, man," he said, "that's the first time I got a decent blowjob in my life!"

"Glad I could help out, bud, like I said I was totally into it."

"Wow man," he said, "I can't believe it; I have to tell you bud if I had lost no way I could have gone through with sucking you off. I know that sounds harsh but it's true. I thought we were just fucking around, I didn't think anyone was really going to get blown."

"Well, no big deal man," I said, "it worked out well and like I said, I really liked it. In fact man I liked it so much I'm going to make you an offer: anytime you want your cock sucked, you just let me know and I'll take care of it for you. Seriously--anytime."

"That's the offer of a life time! Thanks, I think I'm going to keep you very busy," Dan said with a grin. 

Well, that's how I became Dan's personal cock sucking slave it just got better from there. I'll tell you more adventures of my four year cock sucking adventure later.