 It was the early 1970s and I was a college student in Boston. Early in my sophomore year an older man, a lawyer named Frank, picked me up hitchhiking. He seduced me and that was my first sex with another guy, something I had often wondered about. I had a few more encounters with Frank but we had kind of lost touch with each other before that school year was over. Even a liberal Boston college campus was not all that gay friendly in the early 70s so I kept my bisexual side a deep secret from my classmates. I had several girl friends in college and projected a very straight image.

I spent the summer between my junior and senior years working on campus. We had a very nice fitness facility and I often worked out. One Saturday afternoon, I hit the gym and gave myself a good workout. There was only one other guy in the facility and we both seemed to head for the lockers at the same time. He looked to be about 30, was a bit over 6' tall and in very nice shape. As we undressed, I couldn't help but notice that he had a very nice cock. I tried not to stare but I kept trying to sneak surreptitious glances at it. It was thick and about 6" soft, I tried to imagine how much bigger it would be erect.

My attempts to appear discreet were not very successful. He did notice my attention. As we headed back to the lockers to dry off and change, he smiled at me and said "my name is Al, I am a visiting professor for the summer session." I smiled back and told him my name is Tom. We sat on the benches and chatted a bit. He invited me to visit him in the on-campus apartment the school provided for him. I quickly agreed.

It was a short walk to his apartment and I was very nervous and very excited at the same time. Once inside, he offered me a glass of wine and looked at me and said "you are a very nice looking young man. You looked even better in the locker room without any clothes." He walked up to me and took the glass out of my hand, he wrapped his arms around me and kissed me. His hand rubbed my crotch and he could feel how hard my cock was. "I can tell you are thinking of the same thing I am." With that, he began to undress me. That was an incredible erotic thrill. He bent down to pull my shorts off and as my cock sprang free he took it in his mouth. Al sucked my cock for a few minutes while his hands caressed my ass and fondled my balls. Then he stood, took me by the hand and led me to the bedroom. He had me lie down and he shed his clothes in seconds. Al's cock was rock hard and about 8" with a huge mushroom head. 

He joined me in bed and we kissed again. I loved the feel of his naked body against mine. As we kissed, I started to play with his cock. "You like my cock, don't you?" I told him that I hadn't been with a guy in over a year but that once I laid eyes on his cock I knew I wanted it. "Well, you are going to have it." Al pushed my head towards it and I eagerly engulfed it with my mouth. It felt so good to have a hard cock in my mouth again. I licked and sucked it with enthusiasm. Pre-cum started to ooze from his cock head and I swirled my tongue around and spread it all over his mushroom head. 

We got into the 69 position and Al began sucking me. He also started playing with my ass. He wet a finger and began to explore my hole. I so wanted to feel his cock deep inside me but I was a bit apprehensive. It had been so long since I had been fucked and his cock was big. Al knew how to prepare me, though. He worked his finger around expanding my hole bit by bit. Soon he had two fingers in there. Lust overcame my nervousness. "Al, I really need your cock in me." 

"You shall have it." He then reached into the nightstand drawer and found some lube. He poured a glob in my hole and rubbed it in. He rubbed more on his cock. I got on all fours and he slowly pressed his cock into me. It hurt a bit at first, but nowhere near as much as my first time. He took his time, pushing it in bit by bit and giving my ass time to adjust as his shaft invaded my hole. Al buried his cock balls deep and said "you have a nice tight ass. I am going to love fucking it." He then began to slowly pull back and then push back in. The more he did this, the better it felt. He began to pick up the pace and I was in heaven. 

Al paused after a few minutes and said "I want to look into your eyes while I fuck you." I flipped over onto my back and he positioned me on the edge of the bed, stood in front of me and spread my legs. "I am going to fuck you like a girl." My ankles rested on his shoulders as he pounded my love hole. He began to play with my cock as he fucked me. This gave me such intense sensations that I was on the verge of cumming. Suddenly, Al began to pound me harder and harder. I was moaning like a bitch in heat. His cock erupted in my ass spraying a huge load deep inside me. This put me over the edge and I came all over myself. Al finally pulled out and held his cock to my lips and said "clean it off!" I was happy to oblige. I eagerly sucked his cock which remained rigid. Al began to fuck my mouth. He had me lie down with my head over the side of the bed. He told me to relax and was able to overcome my gag reflex and I had my first deep throat experience. It was disconcerting at first to feel his cock pass my tonsils but I soon began to enjoy it. He would pull his cock back so that only the head was in my mouth and I would massage it with my tongue and lips. I was rewarded with another huge load and I swallowed every drop. 

We cooled off with another glass of wine and Al invited me to join him for dinner. We visited a nearby Italian restaurant and enjoyed shrimp scampi and a nice pinot grigio. I went back to the apartment with Al and we fucked and sucked some more. He fucked me two more times and even let me fuck him once. I had never done this before and, although I liked it, I knew I preferred being fucked.

Al had only two weeks left on campus. We had sex almost each day of those two weeks. Al's classes ended and he had two days left on campus in order to grade exams and submit the results to the university registrar. He only needed one day so we spent the whole last day in his apartment. I have lost track of how many times he fucked me that day. He sucked me off several times and taught me some techniques that I would use many times over the years. We said our goodbyes and promised to reamin in touch, but sadly we failed to keep that promise.