 Sorry for the delay in posting new stories…hope the wait was worth it. You really should read the Curiosity stories to get caught up with these chapters.

Scott and I spent a great summer together, exploring several each other in every possible way. We also continued to view tapes sent to us by Scott's brother. The tapes became more and more explicit, sometimes seeing his brother being fucked by ten or more guys at a time. Though we didn't have eight other guys to play with, it was very arousing for both of us and we would spend hours sucking and fucking each other while the tapes played in the background.

But, all good things must come to an end. We both received scholarships to different schools and Scott had to leave in late summer to head to football camp prior to school starting. So for about six weeks, I spent many hours watching the homemade porn tapes of Scott's brother while masturbating. I loved jerking off, and even learned to use a vibrator in my ass while jerking off. After every session, I wiped up my cum and licked my hands clean. A quick side note, if you haven't ever tried your own cum, you really should.

Finally, I headed off to college too. I was a little nervous, not knowing what to expect in a roommate. I was pleasantly surprised. My roommate, Stephen was slightly shorter than me, about the same weight, but he had very light reddish blonde hair and skin that was pale white. Stephen and I hit it off great. We spent hours getting to know each other talking about our earlier years and our home lives. I never mentioned my sexual adventures with Scott, but detailed every other part of our growing up together.

After three weeks into school, we were in the middle of an Indian summer. Nights were extremely hot and our dorm room was not air conditioned, though we both had brought fans, they didn't really help. One night, after a cool shower, I stripped and laid face down on my bed, letting the fan blow across my still damp body. Stephen has a late class and I figured I had at least an hour to myself. I then rolled over and began to stroke myself to a full erection. My cock was aching for release and I knew it wouldn't take me long. I was running my other hand over my smoothly shaved pubic area and stroking myself at a steady pace with the other hand, when I heard keys in the door. I immediately flipped over and laid face down again, shoving my cock outward between my legs.

The door came open and Stephen came in. Though the lights were off, with the window open and now the door, it was easy to see that I was completely naked and, if Stephen looked closely, he could clearly see my hard cock sticking out between my thighs.

"Damn!" Stephen exclaimed, "I'm sorry, I didn't expect you to be in here naked! You look comfortable, though."

I turned my head slightly rising up on my side, "sorry man, I thought you'd be out for another hour."

He walked to his bed and kept his back to me, while answering, "Yea, he let us go early because it was too hot in basement classroom."

My cock was still hard, not as much as before, but still hard. I decided it was now or never, "So, why don't you get naked too? It really is much cooler, the heat was just too much tonight," not wanting to let the moment fade I added, "Besides, I normally sleep naked anyway, just didn't know what you might think about that."

With his back still to me, he responded with a nervous tone, "Oh, I don't think so. If someone found we were naked in here together someone might think something was going on, but I don't mind if you sleep naked, if that's what you are used to."

Grinning, though he couldn't see my face, I said, "Who the hell would ever know? I'm not going to run out in the hall yelling that we're naked in here!" I then gave a little snicker, "Is that your plan?"

"NO!" he said, spinning slightly towards me, "Never! Hell, if anyone knew ONE of us was naked they'd think we were gay!"

"Okay, then it's settled. Get naked and it'll be our little secret!" In a more sincere voice I added, "Really man, I'm not saying shit to anyone."

"No, I don't think so, but you can stay naked." He said mater of factly.

"Nah, if you're not going to be naked, I can't very well be naked either," sounded a little pissed. I then stood up, my cock at about one fourth erection, and walked towards the dresser, opened a drawer and pulled out a pair of silk boxers.

I watched out of the corner of my eye and saw that Stephen was doing his best to check out my cock. I turned a bit more towards him so he could get a better look, then slowly pulled the boxers up, pretending not to notice him. Though it was pretty dark, I could swear that he had a slight bulge in his shorts.

He kinda sighed and said, "hey, I'm sorry, really, you can sleep naked or lay around naked all you want, I'm just a little too shy for that I guess. But I really don't mind if you do, I want you to be comfortable in here, it's your room to." He then began to strip off his own clothes.

I sat down on my bed and turned on the bedside light, "Shy?" I said with some disbelief, "about what?"

He stammered a bit then said, "Because I just am." He waited a minute, now down to his boxers, which I could see was more than slightly tented, "I'm not really well endowed, you know and I get embarrassed about it," he sounded beaten, "that's why I'm not in sports, can't stand to be around guys with huge cocks and mine is puny!" He then through himself on his bed and faced the wall.

I knew that he had a cock, and I knew that no mater the size I wanted to see it. But I knew I had to approach this carefully. So, I simply said, "Mine's no porn star cock and what difference does it make anyway?" I waited a minute, "Look, I'll show you mine and you show me yours, then it's all out in the open…so to speak," I added, grinning.

He rolled over and said, "Are you fucking nuts? I'm not showing you my cock! I just told you that it's small and very insignificant. I'm damn sure not going to show it off to you!"

I stood up and dropped the boxers, my cock was now about half erect. I walked a little closer to his bed, he sorta jumped back, "what the fuck are you doing?"

"Look, see, my cock is almost eight inches long, but it isn't very big around, kinda what you would call a toothpick dick!" I stepped closer, "I'm not afraid to show you, so come on, let me see yours. I can tell that it's not too small, your boxers are stretching out a bit."

He had a look of panic on his face, but then he glanced down at his own crotch and I think he realized for the first time that he had an erection. He pushed the front of his boxers down with his right hand, and said, "No! I'm not hard, it's just the way my boxers were positioned."

"Really," I grinned, "then move your hand."

He didn't. He pushed himself further away from me, now with his back to the wall. I was standing at the edge of his bed, my cock nearly at full attention.

"Why do you shave your cock?" He asked suddenly.

"Because I like how it feels, soft and smooth. Plus, it makes my cock look bigger than it is," I was beginning to think I'd blown it, so I added, "Why don't you show me yours now, then I promise I'll leave you alone about it."

He frowned a bit, and then slid off the end of his bed about three feet away from me. He turned his back to me and bent, sliding his boxers to the floor. While his back was to me, I could clearly see that he had a perfectly round and smooth ass. His cheeks were so white that they glowed in the dimly lit room. I could make out a handful of small freckles across the top of his shoulders and down his smooth legs. Once the boxers were off, he glanced over his shoulder and said, "Please, promise you won't laugh, if you do, I swear I'll leave school!" His voice was shaky and he really appeared scared.

I stepped to with a foot of him, touched him lightly on the shoulder and said in my most sincere voice, "I promise, I would never laugh."

He then turned and I saw his cock for the first time. There was a small dusting of reddish blonde hair above the base, and his cock stuck out about four inches from his body. The cock was almost as wide as it was long. I could make out two small, but heavy looking balls hanging below his thick cock. Mustering all the nerve I had, I reached out and wrapped my right hand around his cock, only the second cock I had ever touched. 

His eyes went wide, but he didn't move. His cock was so thick, that my thumb and forefinger lacked more than an inch touching. I didn't move my hand at all, just gripped his cock. He continued to stare directly at me, not moving or speaking. I slowly slide my hand towards his body and them back out and repeated the movement several more times, jerking his cock off.

I finally spoke, "There is nothing wrong with this cock! It's so thick! And hard, yet soft at the same time." I kept stroking.

He began to speak, stuttering at first, "I didn't know that you were gay."

"Well, I think I'm more bi, I really love to check out chicks and look at porn," I said, smiling at him.

"I've never seen porn," he said, his voice still shaking.

"Do you like this?" I asked.

He nodded.

"Do you want me to stop?" I continued my questions.

"No." he answered.

"Lay down on the bed," I instructed him, letting go of his cock.

He moved back to his bed and laid down, he then said, "I've never done anything like this."

I smiled and said, "It's okay, I have. Remember my friend Scott," I started as I wrapped my hand back around his cock, "well, he and I used to jerk each other off all the time."

"Really?" he asked, his voice become even shakier.

"Not only that, but we used to do a lot of other things too," I continued to stroke his cock with my right hand, while my left hand was now stroking his inner thighs.

"Like what, ohhhhh, man that feels good!" he exclaimed.

"You really want to know?" I asked, adding, "It's pretty wild stuff."

He was now moaning a low moan, but he managed to answer, "Yea, I wanna know."

I could feel his pulse increasing, so I slowed my stroking of his cock to simply squeezing it in my hand. My other hand was now rubbing his balls and I had let a finger drift towards the crack of his smooth ass. This caused a deeper moan and his breathing was fast and short.

I began to whisper quietly, "we used to jerk each other off, spraying our cum all over each other," another moan from Stephen, "we also used to suck each others cocks," again a low moan, "we would even swallow each others cum, wanna hear more?"

"Oh yea," he replied, with a moan, "please, but you've got to stop touching me, I think I'm going to cum!"

His eyes were closed tight and his breathing was fast and hard. I released his cock, but continued to stroke his balls and the bottoms of his butt cheeks. His body responded by his legs opening up wider.

"That better," he nodded, "we used to take turns fucking each other in the ass," I continued, "we did pretty much everything, bondage, spanking, cumming on each others bodies, faces," he was moaning again.

"I can't believe it! I never would have thought you'd do stuff like that," he said.

"Does that mean you don't want to be roommates anymore?" I asked, still stroking his balls and ass cheeks.

He groaned, "No, I don't want that, I want you to teach me how to do stuff like that!"

I grinned; I had him, "stuff like what?"

"You know! The stuff you did with Scott."

I grasped his balls in my hand and gently applied pressure, "No, you have to tell me what stuff you want to learn about."

"OHHHH, okay, okay," he moaned loudly, "I want you to teach me how to suck cock and take cock up the ass!" I released his nuts and moved my hand back to his cock.

"Well, are you asking me to be your teacher? Or do you have someone else in mind that you want to learn with?" I teased.

"NO, I want you to be the one, I want to do everything that you did before," he was breathing hard again as I stroked his short, fat cock.

"Well, then, from now on, after dorm curfew, you have to be naked when you are in here with me, deal?"

"Sure!" he said, adding, "I'm really close to cumming!"

I slowed my stroking again, and said, "Any time I want you, you have to give yourself to me. Understand? If I want your ass, you'll bend over. If I want your mouth, you'll get on your knees. If I want you, you'll offer me your cock! Understand?"

He was moaning again, as I squeezed my hand around his cock again and began stroking faster. I asked him again if he understood and he replied, "Yes, anytime, anything, always naked, I agree! I understand!!! Oh, my gosh, I'm gonna cum!!!"

His cock erupted! Cum flew from the tip of his cock, the first shot landing high on his chest, followed by five thicker, high flying shots, which all landed between his breasts and belly button. The next three shots were smaller, but still thick and were covering my hand and his pubic area. Neither Scott, nor I had ever cum this much! 

Finally the cum flow stopped. I stared down at him, amazed with the amount of cum that was there. It was very thick and a rich, creamy color. I placed my hand near his mouth and simply said, "Lick it off."

"I've never tasted it before, do I really have to?"

I rubbed the cum from my hand to his lips and said, "yes, now open up and lick it."

He opened his mouth and licked a small drop of cum from my finger. He tasted it for a minute, smiled and then sucked several fingers into his mouth, savoring the taste of his cum. He continued to lick my hand until all of his cum was gone. I smiled as he smiled up at me.

"Okay, now scoop some of that up off of your chest and eat it too," as I said this, I stood to face him, pointing my cock at his cock and I began to jerk off. I knew I couldn't last long and soon my cum was spraying all over his own cock and balls. 

He was moaning loudly as my hot cum shot out onto him. I then leaned down and began to clean our cum mixture off of his cock, licking and sucking as much of it up as I could. His cock was smooth and warm, and I could barely fit it into my mouth with as wide open as I could get it. Soon, he had cleaned all of his cum from his chest and belly, and I had cleaned our cum from his cock and balls. 

I saved the last mouthful and moved up to Stephen's mouth. I moved towards him for our first kiss, he hesitated for a moment, then closed his eyes and opened his mouth. I opened mine and planted our lips together, letting the cum mix slide into his mouth. Our tongues tickled each other and he greedily sucked my tongue, drinking down the last of our cum.

I moved him over, climbed in bed with him and ran my hands over every inch of his body. After a few minutes, he began to feel of me too. We continued to touch, stroke, rub and feel each other until we drifted off to sleep. But just before drifting off, I whispered in his ear, "tomorrow, you get to suck me off," he just smiled.