 After high school, most of my friends went off the major universities. In spite of excelling in several sports in high school, I was an introvert, and was intimidated by the thought of a big city and several thousand students. I enrolled at a small private school, and settled into dorm life. My floor housed several other athletes, and I made many new friends. We were the 'jocks,' and we partied together, studied together, and ate at the dining hall together. It was the 70's, and I grew out my brown hair to shoulder length. I was 5-8, and a lean and muscular 160 pounds. I developed body hair at an early age, and as I hit puberty, it covered my arms, legs, and chest with a thin coat of soft black hair. My 6 inch cock nested in a bushy nest of black pubes that started at my navel.

I had noticed a pair of guys that always seemed to be together. They hung with the intellectual crowd. Their names were Rich and Ted. Rich was a very skinny guy, around 5-10. He had pale skin, and a long thin face with a hooked nose and gray eyes, topped by blonde hair that was almost white. Ted on the other hand, was almost the opposite. He was my height, with a more solid build. His skin was swarthy, and his hair was black. The hair on his arms was thick, and on his head was a mass of tight curls. He also had a droopy black stache. Ted carried himself with confidence.

One day in the dining hall, I asked a buddy about them. "Those guys? You don't know?" he replied. I shook my head, so he leaned closer and whispered, "They are queers, homos, you know." No, I didn't know. Oh, I knew they existed, but at that time, the attitudes were different from today. If there were any in my small town, they kept it well hidden. I had read a couple of paperbacks at a sleepover, stories of young guys having sex with each other. The descriptions of sucking cocks, and taking cocks in ass, stirred something in me. But, such was the fear of being labeled, that after I masturbated, I forgot about it and moved on.

Such was the case with Rich and Ted. I saw them daily, but never said so much as hello. The school year passed, and soon it was the end second semester, Finals Week . My last final was on the last morning of the week, so most of the student body had already gone home. In fact, when I went to the dining hall, I was the only one in the building besides a cook. I sat down and dug into my meal, when I heard someone come up behind me. "Hi, would you like some company?" a voice said. Turning around, I saw it was Ted. My mouth was full, so I motioned with my hand for him to sit down. "Thanks, I wasn't sure what you'd say, but thought it didn't hurt to ask." he said as he sat down next to me.

"Hey, no, it's fine, no sense in sitting by ourselves." I said after swallowing my food. I was a bit nervous, but we were the only people in the hall, so I relaxed. "When's your last exam?" I asked.

"Tomorrow morning, 9 am." he replied. Ted seemed like a nice guy, and we chatted about our tests for a few minutes. "So, thanks for letting me share your table. I wasn't sure I'd be welcome." he said.

"Why is that?" I asked. I knew the answer, I thought. 

"Well, you know about me, right?" Ted replied. "I'm sure you've been told about Rich and I. We are a couple. We share an apartment, and we sleep together." Ted looked at me with interest as he said this, curious at what my response would be.

"I know about you." I answered. "But, I'm not an asshole, and I wasn't going to tell you to sit somewhere else. You seem like a nice guy."

"You seem like a nice guy too." he replied. "If you had been sitting with your friends, would you have let me sit next to you?"

"Being honest, probably not." I said, looking him in the eye as I answered. No use lying about it I thought.

Ted gave a small laugh at my answer. "That's cool, I like your honesty. Are you going straight home after your final?" he asked.

I thought about that for a few seconds, then replied "Not sure yet. My folks aren't home, and all my friends are still away at their schools."

"Well, I have to stay for a couple of days. Rich went home, leaving me to clean up the apartment. Then I'll catch a bus and go home." he said. "After your final, if you decide to stick around, why don't you come by my apartment, and hang out? Have a couple of beers, shoot the breeze, get acquainted. No one from the college lives near me, so no one will see you. It's cool."

My first impulse was to say no, but I hesitated. Ted was a nice guy, and I had no good reason to say no, other than the fact he was gay. I made a quick decision, not really knowing why, and said yes. He gave me the address, and left the dining hall. That evening, after I had put aside my notes for the final and got in bed, I wondered about my decision to go hang out with Ted. He is a nice guy, and good looking too, I thought. Whoa, where did that come from? I'm not attracted to him, am I? As these thoughts bounced around, I felt that same stirring of emotions from years ago, and also felt my cock stiffening. Finally it lay trapped against me by my undershorts, hard and twitching. Did I really want to jack off, thinking about another guy? I finally feel asleep.

The next day, I focused on my final, and breezed through it. Relieved to have that out of the way, I packed my few things and loaded up my car. In the late afternoon, I turned in the key to the RA, and drove to Ted's apartment. It was a typical college rental, an old 2 story home converted into apartments. Ted was right, there were no cars in the drive. In fact, the neighborhood seemed deserted. Just to be sure, I pulled all the way in, and parked in the back, my car hidden from the street. Ted lived on the lower level, so I went to the door and knocked. Ted answered, and smiled broadly when he saw me, and opened the door to welcome me in. The place was very neat, although the furniture was sparse and very old. I followed him to the living room, and sat down on the couch while he fetched a couple of beers for us. Sitting back, I looked at the coffee table, and saw some magazines. Looking at the one on top, my eyes grew wide as I saw it had a nude man on the cover posing, his skin glistening, and his long cock sticking straight out from its nest of pubic hair. The next one down in the stack was partially hidden, but on the exposed corner, I could see a white boy sucking on a large black cock. Ted came back in with two bottles of beer, and sat down next to me on the couch. "To new friends" he said, clinking his bottle against mine. Leaning back, I looked at the magazines again, and felt the blood start to flow to my cock. Following my gaze, he saw the magazines, and said "Oops, forgot to put those away."

"Ah, it's okay, no big deal." I replied. "No different than having Playboys laying around."

"Yeah, but Playboy doesn't have big cocks in it." he laughed. Ted bent forward, and fishing through the stack, pulled one out. He scooted over closer and sat back, his shoulder touching mine. He opened it, and I saw two white guys, one fair haired and pale, the other tanned and hairy. They were embracing, and kissing each other, their cocks pressed between them. My cock was hard in my pants, and I felt my heart beating hard in my chest. Ted handed the magazine to me, and I took it, holding it my lap so we both could see. "This one is a little less extreme than those others." he said. As I turned the pages, he leaned into me more, and put his arm up behind me on the back of the couch. Flipping through the pages, the men in the photo set progressed from kissing, to sucking each other, to a 69 position. We said nothing, just looking at the pictures. Turning the page, I caught my breath. The blonde guy was on his back at the edge of the bed. The other guy was standing between his legs, the blonde's legs over his shoulders, and his cock buried in the blonde guy's ass. "Is something wrong?" Ted asked quietly.

"No, I wasn't expecting to see that. Do you and Rich do that?" I replied. Once the words were out, I wondered, why did I ask that?

Ted was very matter of fact as he answered. "Yes, we have. Usually, Rich is the guy on the bed, and I'm the guy standing up." Somehow, I had guessed that was the case.

"Doesn't it hurt?" I asked, again wondering to myself why I was asking these questions.

"It does, at the very first." he replied. "But, if you take it slow, and use lubricant, it goes pretty easy. Once you get used to it, it feels really good. Some guys cum just from having the cock inside them."

We continued to sip our beers, and flip through the magazine. Ted's arm had dropped onto my shoulders, and his head was close to mine. I was in sort of a daze, with a lot of conflicting thoughts, made worse by my cock straining against my jeans. I took a quick glance, and saw that Ted's cock was pushing against the front of his sweat pants, making an obvious bulge. Flipping the page, it was a close up of the blonde guy's face, the other guy's cock a couple of inches away. Cum was dripping from the cock, and had splattered on the blonde guy. His eyes were closed, gobs of cum on his forehead, nose, and cheek. He looked like he was really into it. I stopped and stared, fixated on the big red cock head, a string of cum hanging from the tip. 

I felt Ted move his face against my cheek, and he began to nuzzle and kiss the side of my face. I had hit a tipping point, and made a quick decision. I wanted to do this. No one would ever know, Ted was a nice guy, and I realized I was very turned on by all of this. I turned my head to him, and met his lips. It was like an electric shock. My heart was pounding, and I almost shot a load of cum, right there. I was kissing a guy! Ted's tongue slipped between my lips, and found mine. I slid my tongue over and around his, and put my free hand on his shoulder, and pulled him to me. We held each other and kissed. I was in a bit more in control of myself, but barely. Ted broke the kiss, and smiled at me. "Let's go to the bedroom." he said, standing up. 

Pulling me to my feet, I followed him to the bedroom. Once there, he pulled off his t-shirt. His chest and back were covered with the same curly black fur as his arms and legs. Then he pushed his sweat pants to his ankles and stepped out of them. His cock was pointing at his chin, rock hard. It looked to be about 2 inches longer than mine. It was a darker shade than the rest of his skin, with a wild tangle of black pubes at the base. I thought I had a big bush, but nothing like his. Ted watched as I got out of my clothes, then we were standing a few feet apart, looking at each other. He was nicely built, not as defined as myself, but still well put together. "Damn, you are a good looking guy." he said quietly, and held his arms out to me. Closing the short distance, I stepped into his arms, and we kissed again. 

Once again, as I felt his naked body against mine, I almost blew, but I managed to keep it at bay. Kissing him, our tongues entwined, I let my hands run down his back to his ass. The cheeks were firm and hairy, the hair covering them running into the cleft between them. Ted stepped back, and holding my hand, climbed on the bed. I followed, and stretched out next to him. Lying on our sides and facing each other, we resumed kissing. I could no longer resist, and took his cock in my hand. It was hard, but the head had a soft feel. Ted moaned in my mouth, and pushed me over onto my back, then lay on me, kissing me hard, and grinding his cock against mine. It was too much, my cock jerked and shot a long string of cum up my belly. I broke the kiss. "I'm sorry." I whispered.

"It's okay, you're excited. It's your first time with a man." he whispered back. "I was the same way." He leaned in and kissed me again, then moved down to my chest, and tongued my nipples one at a time. It felt great, I lay back with my eyes closed, and let Ted do whatever he wanted. His mouth trailed down to my belly, where he licked up my cum, then on down to my semi hard cock. He licked the head, cleaning away the cum, and on down the shaft to the base. "Roll over." he said, and I complied. Now he placed both hands on my ass, and spread the cheeks apart. The next thing I felt was his tongue probing my asshole. It sent jolts inside like I had never felt, and I hunched up, pushing my ass to him. He worked over my asshole good, even sticking the tip inside me. I was glad I had showered.

He moved back up, and gently said "I want to fuck you. If you don't want to, I understand. But I will go slow, and get you loosened up and slick. It will hurt the first time I put my cock in you. I'll let you get used to it, and the pain will ease up. Once it does, I think you'll really like it." 

I tuned to him, and pulling his face to mine, I kissed him. "Okay, I want you to."

"You're sure?" he asked.

"Yeah, I'm sure. I trust you." I said, and I did trust Ted. Even though I had cum, I was still very aroused. Everything we had done had felt great, and I wanted more.

With that, Ted, opened a drawer, and pulled out a small tube of KY jelly. Moving back behind me, I felt the cool wet feel as it squirted onto my asshole, then Ted's finger as he started to spread it around. The next sensation was another squirt of KY, and Ted's finger gently pushing against the puckered ring. With the lube it slipped in easily, and I felt no pain. Ted worked more KY inside me with one finger, then two. With two I felt a stretching sensation, uncomfortable but not painful. But I loosened up, and was enjoying the feel of his fingers in me. I didn't realize my asshole was so sensitive. Then Ted pulled up on my hips, so my ass was in the air. I felt the head of his cock against my hole, then felt it as Ted slid it up and down my crack. Placing it against the hole, he told me to push out, like a bowel movement. As soon as I did, he placed his cock head in the center, and gave a steady push. I felt the pressure, then a sudden flash of burning pain as the head pushed through the ring, stretching as it went. I gasped and tried to pull away. Ted immediately pulled out, and rubbed the small of my back. 

"Sorry man, there's no other way to do it. You okay?" he asked. 

"I'm okay." I managed to say. The shock of it had killed my desire, and I had to refocus. I wanted him to fuck me, but I wasn't sure I could take him.

"Good. I want you to clench your asshole a couple of times, hard as you can. Then relax and push out again." Ted instructed. I did as he told me, and the pain subsided. 

I presented my ass to him again. I was going to take it this time, no matter what. More KY, then I felt his cock against my hole. He pushed, and it slipped right in. It was just the head, but it didn't hurt, just a feeling of being opened up. Ted then pushed in slowly, and it stung another time, but he was very gentle, and after a few more attempts, he was in me all the way. I felt filled up inside, and the beginnings of some new and pleasant sensations. Ted started to pull out and push back in with a slow and easy pace. At first, when he would get all the way in, it felt like he was hitting something inside me, and it hurt. I was going to ask him to stop, but it soon went away. He had stretched my channel to his size. 

Ted fucked me like that for a couple of minutes, holding my hips and slowly working his cock in and out. It was amazing. I had never imagined anything could feel this good. I turned my head to the side, and in a mirror hung on the door, I could see myself, ass in the air, with Ted's hairy body behind me, his cock gliding in and out. Ted asked "Do you remember the picture, with the guy on his back?" I replied that I did. He pulled out, and had me turn over. Ted lifted my legs, and applied more KY, then slid his cock back in me. It felt great, no pain, and as it went in, I felt something new. His cock head had hit a spot that caused a new tingle inside, and made my cock jerk at the same time. I had been soft after the pain had hit, but now it was getting hard again. 

Ted held my legs apart, and gave me a few strokes, then released my legs and lay down on me, supporting himself on his elbows. "Put your heels on my back." he breathed. When I did, I felt like I was opening myself to him completely. I was under him, like a girl would be, my legs wrapped around him, totally his. He resumed fucking me, faster than before. Each time his cock hit the spot inside, my cock would jerk as a fresh spasm hit me. I could feel another orgasm building. Ted continued to pump into me, breathing hard in my ear, and I clung to him, speared on his thick cock. I glanced at the mirror again. Our bodies were slick with sweat, Ted on top of me, his hips working like a machine. Me under him, my arms and legs wrapped around him. It was an incredible picture. It was too much, I started to cum, squirting out white gobs that became smeared all over our bellies.

Ted drew in his breath sharply, gripped me tighter, and drove his cock into me, lifting my ass off the bed. I felt his cock spasm as he emptied his cum deep inside me. I tightened my grip on him as well, and we held each other, locked in an embrace, our lips together, as the final spasms of his orgasm played out.

"Fuck man." he gasped. "Are you sure that's your first time?"

"Yeah, it sure is." I breathed in his ear.

Ted's cock slipped out of my ass, and I could feel the cum and KY oozing out. He rolled over, and we lay next to each other for a few minutes, catching our breath. Ted asked if I would stay the night, and I readily agreed. He fucked me twice more, once in the middle of the night, lying on our sides, Ted taking me from behind with his arms holding me close. And in the morning, Ted rolled onto on his back and had me riding on his cock. Later, we showered together, followed by a quick lunch. I gave him a ride to the bus station, and before parting, I agreed I would make a trip to see him over the summer.

However, it was not to be. I called Ted a couple of weeks later, and he gave me bad news. He had told Rich about our night together, and Rich had flipped out on him. They had apparently been talking about transferring to a bigger college, and after their argument, Ted agreed to transfer to appease Rich. He was in love with Rich, he said, and that was that. I was very disappointed. As far as I knew, my small hometown had no other gay men to hook up with. Later in the summer, I learned that was not true.