 "What are you doing?" the professor shouted.

Brady looked up from his notebook with his eyebrows raised. "I was just...gonna take notes."

"Why?" Dr. Henderson demanded.

"Uh..." Brady wasn't so sure that his history professor was totally sane.

"Well, why are you taking notes?"

"I just...am."

"No! You were trained to take notes. They stick you in a warehouse for twelve years and they train you like monkeys."

Brady glanced around the classroom and was relieved to see every other person was just as shocked and confused as he was.

Dr. Henderson continued to rant about the warehouse like high schools all of them had come from. He stomped in circles at the front of the classroom, waving his hands in the air and shouting.

Brady started to look around the classroom. He noticed a pregnant girl eating tater tots from her purse and made a note to sit by her the next time the class met because he was starving. He'd signed up for the nine o' clock class thinking it wouldn't be that hard to make it, but he'd been up all night feeling nervous about starting the semester. He wondered how Ezra was doing next door in the honors version of the same class.

Class was dismissed early and the entire class bolted for the door. Brady lingered by the door and watched the pregnant girl gather her things. Her big purse tipped over and an extra-large order of tater tots spilled to the floor.

"Oh, holy fuck," she said loudly, not seeming to notice Brady was still there. When she did see him she smiled sweetly and said, "Hey there, handsome. Why don't you come help me out? I don't want to leave a mess, but if I bend down I most likely will not get up."

Brady smiled and went to help her out. "So, what did you think of that professor?"

"He's a total fucking lunatic. I'm Grace, by the way."

"I'm Brady. Nice to meet you."

He threw the floor tots into the trashcan by the door and walked with Grace to the hallway. "Where are you headed from here?" she asked.

Before he could answer, Ezra's class was released and Brady's focus shifted. When he saw Ezra, he rushed forward and hugged him close. He kissed him on the forehead and didn't care who saw.

"That was too freaking cute," Grace chimed in.

Ezra blushed turned his face in towards Brady's chest. Brady put his hand on Ezra's shoulder and smiled. "Grace, this is my boyfriend, Ezra."

"Well, I never would've guessed it, but good for you." She smiled and adjusted the strap of her bag on her shoulder. "I have to pee now, but it was nice meeting both of you. I'll see you later, Brady."

"She's not shy," Ezra commented after Grace had disappeared in the crowd.

Brady smiled. "No, she definitely isn't."

"We heard your professor yelling."

"He's a little crazy. How was your first class though?"

"I like Dr. Pierce."

Brady smiled. "I'm glad, baby. Do you want me to walk you to your next class?"

Ezra nodded and laced his fingers through Brady's. Brady smiled at the warm metal of the ring on Ezra's left hand, a promise that he knew wouldn't be broken.

Still, part of his sleepless night had been spent worrying about Ezra's suitemate. It made him uncomfortable that someone he didn't know or trust was living so close to the single most important person in his life.

"How was your night?" Brady asked.

"Cold," Ezra said. "I want you to sleep in my room."

Brady smiled. "I would love to, beautiful. We could have a lot of fun on that tiny little bed."

Ezra blushed and quickly found a way to change the subject. "My class is in this building."

Brady held the door open for Ezra and they went to the elevators. The building was fairly empty because most people were still in classes. The elevator came and a large group of people stepped out. Brady and Ezra were the only ones going up and they stepped inside. Ezra pressed the button for the fourth floor.

Brady pinned Ezra to the back wall of the elevator and swirled his tongue over Ezra's quickening pulse. "I love you so much," he said, his voice a rumbling growl against Ezra's neck. He nibbled at Ezra's earlobe and slowly kissed along Ezra's jaw, but paused before kissing his lips. Ezra strained forward, longing for taste of Brady's lips. Brady smiled and teased, "Not until tonight."

"Just a little," Ezra pleaded.

Brady pressed his lips to Ezra's and thrust his tongue into Ezra's mouth. The elevator dinged and they broke apart as the doors opened and stepped out quickly to avoid letting anyone in the crowd see too much of the growing bulges both were sporting.

**

Brady had visited every business in the town to drop off his application that afternoon and was a bit tired when he arrived at Ezra's door. Brian was the one that unlocked the door and Brady immediately felt uncomfortable and a bit angry. He shifted the grocery bag in his hand and shoved past Brian. "Where is Ezra?" he asked, as he set down his bag.

"He's wiping off his chin," Brian said.

"What the fuck?" Brady grabbed Brian by the collar of his shirt. "Don't you ever talk about him like that, you son of a bitch."

Ezra opened the door to his room. "Please, stop," he said.

Brady released Brian, adding in a little shove.

"Whatever," Brian said as he grabbed a set of keys from the counter and left.

"Brady...what happened?" Ezra asked.

Brady knelt down and picked up his bag. "He just said something."

"What?"

Brady stroked Ezra's cheek and kissed his forehead. "Don't worry about what it was, just be careful around that guy."

Ezra shrugged. "What do you have?" Ezra asked as he went to look in the bag. There were two jars of ice cream topping, hot fudge and caramel. Ezra held one in each hand and looked at Brady with a confused expression. "What is this?"

"I was craving something sweet," Brady explained as he stood behind Ezra and started to play with the button of his jeans.

"But we don't...oh." Ezra started to laugh shyly as Brady led him to the bedroom. Brady slipped Ezra's shirt off and lifted him onto the desk.

Ezra squirmed and leaned back against the textured wall. He unzipped his pants as Brady opened both the jars. Brady dipped two fingers into the caramel and drizzled it over Ezra's nipples. It felt cool and sticky and Ezra moaned softly as his nipples hardened to firm little peaks. Brady brought his fingers to Ezra's mouth and let him taste the caramel. Ezra sucked gently. Brady pulled his fingers away and pressed his lips Ezra's mouth and then nibbled at his earlobe. "This is exactly what I wanted," Brady whispered.

Brady drizzled more of the caramel and chocolate onto Ezra and then stood back to admire his work. "You look delicious," he said. Ezra gripped the edge of the desk and bit his lip as Brady's warm tongue touched his skin. He moaned, barely able to keep his volume under control and soon not caring who heard him. Brady's mouth was hot and he licked and sucked in all the right ways over Ezra's chest and stomach.

Ezra whimpered with anticipation as Brady freed his throbbing erection. He hoped Brady wouldn't tease him too much. "Please, please, please," he whispered like a prayer. When his prayer was answered he bit his lip and moaned as his hips desperately rocked back and forth. His fingers tangled in Brady's hair. Brady bobbed up and down and then paused to wet his finger. Ezra spread his legs, eager for what was coming. Brady helped Ezra to his feet and bent Ezra over the desk. Ezra twisted and Brady kissed him as his slick finger penetrated.

Ezra pulled the desk drawer open and reached in for the nearly empty bottle of lube he had hidden in the very back corner. Ezra turned and knelt in front of Brady, attacking his zipper and nearly swallowing his cock as soon as it was free. He emptied the bottle of lube into his hand and put it on Brady's throbbing organ. Brady helped Ezra stand and he returned to his position, bent over the desk with his legs spread and his smooth, pink hole exposed and ready. Brady pressed inside Ezra.

They both gasped and were still for a moment. It was always amazing, every time, being connected in that way. They felt like they were the only two people in the world. Nothing else mattered but the feeling of being right where they belonged. Brady leaned forward and whispered in Ezra's ear, "I love you."

"I love you," Ezra replied.

Brady started to move inside Ezra, slowly at first and then quickening with every soft whimper and satisfied moan that left Ezra's mouth. They came simultaneously, both gasping and pitching forward.

They were still again, enjoying the glow that seemed to fill the room. There was cum and spots of chocolate and caramel all over the floor, but they ignored it for the moment and instead climbed into a bed barely big enough for one. They held each other close, occasionally saying, "I love you," and hoping the other one knew just how true and all consuming that fact was.

**

Over the next few weeks, Brady had gotten into a routine. On Monday, Wednesday, and Friday he sat in the back of his history class with Grace, eating snacks from her purse and silently laughing at their ridiculous professor. Then he would walk Ezra to his next class and go to the library to study before heading to Spanish class. After that was lunch with Ezra and then walking Ezra to the music building on his way to kinesiology. Brady liked that class and was considering making it his major. He could see himself as a coach. On Tuesdays and Thursdays, Brady had English and philosophy in the morning and then was free in the afternoon to check up on his job applications before picking up Ezra for lunch at the Grand Buffet. They usually ran into Grace there and would talk with her for a while before they left to go on a drive out into the country.

They found a place down a long and winding dirt road that reminded them both of the little pond they used to park beside and look up at the stars together. Brady liked going out there, where there was no school and no creep suitemates. Just him and Ezra and millions of stars and endless possibilities.