 Chapter 3 – A new butt

After our first time in the shower, Stephen began to ask to be fucked, which was fine with me. Stephen's ass was a perfect bubble shape, smooth, perfect skin, and incredibly tight. At least three nights a week, Stephen would be on his knees, taking my cock up his butt. I usually pulled out, cumming on his beautiful ass, but sometimes I would shoot my load deep inside him. We both still enjoyed sucking and jerking each other off too, that was almost a nightly event, at least until mid November.

As the school year progressed, we had less and less time to play. I had a very tough lab, with a new lab partner, Tim, which took most of my off time. Tim had tried out for the swim team and didn't make it. He was very short, only about five two and very thin, probably less than 110 pounds. He had short black hair, deep green eyes and a perfect complexion, and was actually very nice looking. We were quickly becoming good friends, which caused him to hang out at my dorm room daily. This was of course interfering with the sex that I had been having.

Tim was in the jock dorm, and had a football player as a roommate. Pete was a nice guy, but kind of dumb. Tim said that they got along fine, but they didn't appear to whenever I saw them together. Of course, Pete was four times the size of Tim.

One late Friday night, Tim was at my dorm and we were studying. Stephen had gone home for the weekend for his sister's birthday party. As it was getting very late, and I had a private jerk off session planned for when Tim left, I mentioned the time and suggested that we stop for the night.

In a disappointed tone, Tim replied, "Oh, yea, I guess it is late. I just thought since we neither one had anything to do, I could hang out here."

I smiled and replied, "What makes you think I don't have anything to do? Man I was planning on having hot, wild, sex with myself!" Laughing as I finished up, wishing I hadn't said it.

"Oh, I see, well, go ahead, I don't mind," he replied, turning the deepest shade of red I have ever seen on a person.

Immediately, my cock started to grow. Was he kidding? Did he want to mess around? Did he want to just watch me jerk off? I didn't know how to respond, so I made the most smart ass comment I could, "Well, I would, but as soon as you saw the size of my cock, you want to turn gay just to get your mouth around it." Again, laughing at the end of the comment.

He blushed even darker and replied, "Who says I'd have to turn?"

He caught me completely off guard. I never dreamed he might be gay or bi or anything like that. I glanced down at his crotch and could tell that his sweat pants were starting to rise slightly. Then I realized so had mine! I had to respond quickly, "You know, if you keep saying things like that you'll have to get naked right here in front of me and prove it!" Grinning and laughing again.

"Is that a dare?" He asked a smile on his own lips.

Thinking that now was my chance, I said, "Yea, I dare you to strip naked right here, right now."

He blushed again, but stood up slowly, pulling his sweat shirt over his head. His chest was completely hairless, with a nicely defined chest and a taught stomach. He then undid the drawstring on his sweat bottoms, pulling them away from his waist and gently slid them down his thin legs and off of his sock covered feet. He stood back up, smiled and hooked his fingers in the waistband of his boxer shorts and slid them down and off too.

As he slid the boxers off, I noticed that his legs were hairless too, smooth and almost silky looking. As he stood back up, I got a great view of his shaved cock and balls. His balls were tight and small, pulled up snuggly under his cock, which was not more than five inches long and about as big around as a thick cigar. His cock was hard and sticking straight up against his flat tummy.

Neither of us said anything for a minute or so, and then I noticed that he was still blushing, but didn't seem to mind being naked in front of me. So, I thought he'd done one dare, maybe he would do another.

"Very nice!" I exclaimed, after my careful examination of his body, "Now, turn around," I ordered.

He turned around, and without being told to do so, leaned over placing his hands on the desk, letting me have a good long look at is beautiful ass. It was heart shaped and very solid, without an ounce of fat or loose muscle. It was actually even nicer looking than Scott's or Stephen's.

"Very nice," I said again. My bravery up now, and my dick, I said, "Now, I dare you to come over here and undress me," as I said this I stood up.

He turned and walked over to me, he was still bright crimson red. He grabbed the bottom of my t-shirt and pulled it over my head, he then slid my sweats down, my cock popping out at him. 

Smiling, he said, "no underwear, how cool!" He then completed my undressing by lifting first my right leg and pulling the sweats off, then the left. We were now standing less than a foot apart naked, except for socks.

He was checking my body out, and my cock was responding, now sticking straight out, with its gentle downward curve midway across it. Precum was beginning to form at his cocks tip, as precum was already dripping from mine.

We looked each other in the eye, and I smiled and asked, "Now what?"

He smiled back stating, "You're in charge, just tell me what to do," blushing as he said this.

I thought for a minute then said, "Jerk me off," as I sat back down on my bed.

He smiled, then knelt between my legs, reached up with his right hand and slowly began to slide it up and down the full length of my cock. His hand was cool against my burning hot dick, and with the amount of pressure he was using, he was forcing a great deal of precum to drip from the head. He wiped the precum off the tip with his hand and used it to lubricate my cock.

He was staring at my cock, and his breathing was becoming faster and deeper. I then whispered hoarsely, "take it in you mouth."

Without even looking up, he leaned forward and slid the tip into his hot mouth. Moving his hand away, he continued to lower his mouth until I could feel my cock touching the back of his throat. I leaned back to get a better look and was amazed that he had taken all seven inches into his mouth. He held his head there, with my dick all the way in, for several moments, and then he began to pull backwards until just the tip remained inside. The air around my cock was cool as he took a deep breath through his nose and once again slid down completely taking my cock in.

He continued to suck me like this for almost five minutes. I'd never felt a blow job like this, it was incredibly soft, yet erotically hot, with deep suction and then complete relaxation.

Finally I said, "You need to stop now," panting, "Before I cum."

He pulled his mouth off my cock and replaced it with his hand, squeezing it tightly. Then he said, "But that's what I've been waiting for." He then smiled.

"I didn't know that you were gay, I never would have guessed it," I said.

Still holding my cock and now gently stroking it, he replied, "I'm not, I'm really bi-sexual I guess. I only started liking cock this summer."

"Really!" I said in surprise, "I've been fooling around for a couple of years with my best friend and now with Stephen," without realizing I had just given up that I was having sex with my roommate.

"Wow! You and Stephen do stuff too?" he asked a hint of surprise in his voice.

"Well, yea, some," I lied. "Not much lately, which is why if you don't stop moving your hand, you're going to have a face full of cum," I added, smiling down at him.

He removed his hand and sat back on his heels. He then looked up and said, "Well, my roommate Pete makes me suck him several nights a week, but that's it. He never touches me."

I couldn't believe what he had said so I asked, "Makes you?"

He blushed again, then got up and sat on the bed next to me. As he started to speak he sounded nervous, "About two months ago, Pete came in drunk on night, caught me jerking off and threw a fit. Of course, I was totally embarrassed, I immediately pulled my pants on and apologized like crazy, and then I left for a couple of hours." He smiled slightly and continued, "Really, I'd been turned on even more getting caught. And, I went to the bathroom before going back to my room, jerked off and then snuck back in quietly as to not wake him up." He then took a deep breath and returned his gaze to my hard cock.
 He went on, "I was worried that he'd tell everyone how he'd caught me, but then I thought what the hell, and everyone jerks off! So, I drifted off to sleep and didn't think anything else about it." He sighed, "then at like, four in the morning Pete was waking my up. He was standing next to my bed, naked; his cock was hard as a rock and was right against my lips. I didn't know what the hell was going on, but then he reached down and grabbed my cock and squeezed the heck out of it and said, 'suck it fag'." He blushed again and said, "I opened my mouth and leaned towards him and started to suck him."

He was slowly stroking his cock now, which I noticed was almost purple from being hard for so long. He then went on. "He let go of my cock and grabbed my head and pulled me all the way up to him saying things like 'that's it you little bitch' and 'suck me deeper cunt'. Before long he pulled his cock out of my mouth and jerked his dick off until he shot about three loads of cum all over my face. He then wiped his cock head off on my mouth and wiped his hand off on my chest. Then, he said 'don't clean it off unless you lick it clean fag.'

"What did you do?" I asked, feeling a little bit sorry for him.

"Well, I watched him walk back to his bed, get under the covers and drift off to sleep. Then I wiped the cum from my face and chest and ate every bit of it," he said, smiling from ear to ear. "I just didn't want him to know how horny the whole thing had made me."

Still stroking his cock, he said, "after I was sure he was asleep, I jerked off and came all over myself then licked and all of that cum up too!" He blushed again, "I like being told what to do, that's how I got into guys last summer, I was hanging with a couple of older guys that used to 'make' me do things, they just didn't know that I really wanted to."

He then released his cock and sat back further on the bed and said, "Now, about three or four times a week, Pete wakes me up around two in the morning and makes me suck him off. He never touches me and once I tried to reach behind him and pull him to me, he slapped my hands away and said 'just suck, don't touch'."

I grinned, "So you were hoping I'd tell you what to do?" I asked.

He nodded, blushing again, and began stroking his beautiful cock again.

"So," I started, "you'll do anything I tell you to do and you'll let me do anything to you that I want to?"

He blushed back to the deep crimson he'd been earlier and nodded his head again.

"Really?" I said, and then said, "get your hand off of your cock."

He immediately let go of his cock. I leaned forward and took it in my mouth. It was incredible hot and hard. I could easily take all of it in my mouth. I felt him place his hands on the back of my head as he moaned softly. I continued to suck his cock and squeeze his small nuts until I could tell that he was close to cumming. I then lifted my head off of his dick and released his nuts.

He looked puzzled, and then said, "What's wrong?"

"Oh, nothing. I'm just not going to allow you to cum just yet."

He smiled again, "I see."

I then turned around and got on my hands and knees and said, "I want you to eat my ass."

He didn't say a word, but within seconds, I felt his warm tongue running up and down the length of the crack of my ass. Soon, I felt his hands pull my butt cheeks apart and his wet tongue found the button of my anus. He licked and probed my tight whole for at least ten minutes before I had loosened up enough for his tongue to inch forward inside me. He pushed is face further against my ass, forcing his tongue deeper and deeper. His hot breathe was tickling the sides of my ass and I could feel his slobber running down my crack and along my nuts.

After almost twenty minutes of eating my ass, I felt as though as I was about to cum. I pulled forward, pulling my ass away from him. I couldn't believe how awesome that had been. Scott and Stephen had both licked and kissed my ass, but nothing like this.

"What's wrong?" He asked.

"Shit! Are you kidding me? Nothing! That was the most incredible feeling I've ever had, I was about to cum!" I exclaimed.

He smiled and said, "So, I did alright for my first time?"

First time! I thought he has to be kidding. I asked, "What do you mean first time? I thought you'd done all kinds of stuff before." "No, I only did what I was told to, which consisted of jerking these two guys off and sucking them off and parading around naked for them, that was it!" he explained.

"So you've never eaten a guy's ass before?"

He shook his head no, "But I've eaten a girls ass and pussy before, same thing, just different equipment!" he added smiling.

"Have you ever fucked a guy or been fucked by a guy?"

Again, he shook his head no. He then said, "I fucked my girlfriend back home several times in the ass, she didn't want to give up her virginity, and the guys I messed with never brought up fucking, they just wanted to get jerked and sucked off, and make me walk around naked."

"Well, why don't you turn around, and spread your ass cheeks for me," I asked.

He turned around on the bed and bent forward, his head resting on the pillows. He then reached back and spread his butt cheeks wide apart and presented his tiny hole to me. His perfect heart shaped ass was beautiful, and his hole was pink and very inviting. I leaned forward and began to lick the length of his crack, he moaned. I ran my tongue back and forth the length, delivering a river of saliva. I then took my right index finger and slowly prodded around the hole, working the tip of my finger in his butt. 

He was moaning into the pillow as I began to push my finger in further. Soon, I had more than half of my finger in his ass, I told him to relax and take a deep breath. As he did, my finger slid completely in. I didn't move my finger, I continued to lick and kiss his ass, while my left hand stroked his straining cock. When I felt his anus relax, I began to pull back about half way out, then I slowly slid back in. I continued to finger fuck his ass until I could no longer feel any resistance from his anal ring.

After a few minutes, I pulled out completely, spitting a large amount of saliva into the tiny opening my finger left. I then wet my middle finger and inserted it along with my index finger. Now I had two fingers slowly fucking his ass. Each time I drew them outward, I spit onto them before sliding them back in, getting his ass lubed as much as possible.

He was moaning louder, so I asked, "Everything okay?"

He nodded and replied, "Please don't stop, that feels so awesome."

I smiled, "How about I stop long enough to put my cock inside you?"

"Oh! Yes, please! That would be great!" he said, his breathing labored.

I then adjusted myself on the bed so that I'd be able to fuck him easier. I then reached to the side of the bed and pulled up a bottle of baby oil. I pulled my fingers from his ass and poured several drops of the oil into his still open asshole. I then coated my cock with oil and placed the head at the tiny opening.

I leaned forward, the head of my cock penetrating his tight hole. I waited for a few seconds then began to push forward. My cock was much wider than my two fingers and I was met with very tight resistance. I didn't ease up, I continued to press forward slowly inching my dick deeper into his extremely tight ass.

I was massaging his ass cheeks as I pushed forward. He was groaning and moaning, but didn't seem to be in pain. After more than half of my cock was inside his tiny body, I began to pull backwards, inching my cock back out until just the head remained inside. I dribbled more oil on my cock and his hole and pressed forward again.

This time, he pushed his ass backwards, welcoming my cock. Between my pushing forward and his backwards, my cock was buried to the hilt after about one minute. I didn't move I knew that as tight as his ass was, I wouldn't be able to hold out for long once I started to fuck him.

"How's it feel?" I asked.

"Oh, man," he whispered, "It's awesome. I can feel every ridge of your cock."

"So, do you want me to fuck you now?"

He moaned, "Yes, please."

Teasing him, I asked, "Please what?"

He moaned again and turned his head to look over his shoulder at me, "Please fuck me."

"I don't know," I teased again, "I think you just want me to pull out and stop."

"NO!" He exclaimed, again looking over his shoulder at me, "NO! I want you to fuck my ass! Please fuck me!"

With that, I began to pull back until just the head remained inside him. Then I pushed forward as hard and fast as I could. He began to moan, but before he could catch his breath, I had pulled back the length again and was ramming forward. I fucked his tight hole for about five minutes, my hips slamming into his ass over and over. 

"Oh shit! I'm cumming, I'm cumming," he yelled out as I felt his body quiver. I reached around his leg grabbing his cock which was firing load after load of cum underneath him. That was all I could take, I could feel my own cum rising, my balls tightening.

"I'm about to cum, you want it in you or on you?" I asked, panting and barely able to hold back my load.

"In me, in me!" he replied.

With that, I shot my load on a downward stroke, filling his butt with five large shots of cum. I laid across his back, squeezing my last few drops into his ass. As my cock began to shrink, I slowly pulled back, my cock left his tiny ass gaping wide open and I could see my lake of cum. I pushed him slowly to the bed, and watched as my cum dribble from his closing asshole.

"Wow! I never knew it would feel so fucking great!" He said after a few minutes, adding, "My girlfriend always told me it was intense, but I had no idea."

"Glad you liked it," I said, reaching between his legs and scooping up the cum leaking from him and smearing it on his gorgeous ass.

He moaned again as I got up and got a towel. I cleaned his ass and legs carefully, then rolled him over and cleaned up the gallon of cum he had sprayed on the bed. His belly was also coated in drying cum, which I cleaned up.

"Let's go grab something to eat and then come back and fuck some more," I suggested.

He replied, "Cool, maybe I can suck you off later too."

I smiled, "Only if I 'tell' you to."

He grinned and reached for his underwear. I stopped him and said, "No, you won't need those."

We slid on our sweat bottoms and shirts, and then headed out.