 College Days Ch. 7 -- Catching a thief

My roommie and I had noticed that things kept disappearing from our room, but we had no idea who was doing. We were in our second semester of the first year and figured that it had to be a new guy in the dorm. We were missing snacks, drinks, sometimes shorts and underwear would be gone. We both special ordered our underwear because you couldn't buy kinky stuff locally. I decided that we should spring a trap over the upcoming four day weekend. We spread the word that we would be gone, as most everyone would, but we told everyone we were leaving early on Wednesday, instead of Thursday. My roommate really was leaving on Wednesday midday, so it worked out well. His car was gone and everyone thought we'd be leaving together.

We set up a video camera that morning and set a timer on it to record an hour after we left. It was a six hour tape, so we thought surely we catch whoever it was during that time. 

We did a quick sixty-nine on each other, then headed out. We drove off campus and he dropped me off at a local diner. I ate, waited awhile, then headed back. I had been gone about five hours, so I knew the tape would still have two hours to go, but figured I could hide in the closet if someone came in.

Instead, as I approached our dorm room, I could see that the door wasn't pushed all the way shut and I saw a distinct shadow cross past the thin crack. I decided to go ahead and confront whoever it was in there. So, I snuck up to the door and peeked in. 

I was surprised to see that it was Mark, a new student who came in at the beginning of the semester. I had seen him around several times, but hadn't paid much attention to him. He was very short, probably only five foot six or so. He was skinny too, not more than ninety five pounds tops. He had short dark red hair and his skin was white and looked flawless. He was wearing short gym shorts, a t-shirt and athlete socks with no shoes.

I flung the door open quickly, grabbed him and threw him to the floor. I was sitting on his back and easily grabbed both arms, pulling them tight behind his back. Holding him in this position, I said, "What the fuck are you doing in my room?"

He squirmed around, but couldn't get loose, he replied, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry! Please don't kick my ass!!"

"You fucking prick! Why are you stealing shit from us? Don't you have your own crap?" I yelled, tightening my grip on his arms.

"Ahhggg! I'm sorry! I can't help it! I just...I'll pay it back!" he said, crying in pain as I pulled his arms tighter.

I moved his hands to where I could hold them with only one hand and then I reached over to my desk and grabbed a roll of duct tape. I quickly wrapped the tape around his hands while he squirmed to get loose.

After getting his hands taped, I got up off of him and pushed the door shut, locking it. I helped him off the floor and sat him on the edge of my bed.

"Okay, look over there," I pointed to where the camera was hidden, of course the lens was in plain site, "I've got you and I'm calling the campus cops to come get your ass. You are done here." I said, in a hateful tone as I reached for the phone.

"Wait! Please wait!" He exclaimed, turning from the camera to me, "Don't turn me in, I'll pay it back, I swear!"

I picked up the phone and started dialing the campus cops when he started to cry, tears running down his face, he said, "Please! I'll do anything you want! Anything! Just don't turn me in!"

I thought for a minute, then sat the phone down. I turned to Mark and said, "Anything?"

He nodded, tears still streaming down his face.

"Answer me!" I yelled, "Did you say you would do 'anything'?"

"Yes! I'll do whatever! I'll pay it back, I'll buy new stuff! Whatever!" he exclaimed, choking back more tears.

"Okay, stop crying, I'm sure we can come up with several things that you can do to make it right." With that, I hung the phone up and walked over to him, stopping to get my scissors of the desk.

His eyes widened when he saw the scissors, "what are you going to do with those?" he asked.

I didn't answer, I just grabbed his collar and started cutting towards the arm hole.

"HEY! What the fuck! This is a new t-shirt!" He yelled, withering to get away.

I reached down and grabbed his cock through his shorts and squeezed hard. He stopped squirming and groaned in pain.

"Look you little prick, you just said you would do anything not to get turned in, so you will do anything I say! And I do mean anything! If you resist or fight, I'll hurt you and turn you in! You hear me?"

He nodded, groaning through the pain that I was inflicting by squeezing his cock and balls.

I released his balls and said, "Listen, you're going to be my slave for the next four days. Most everyone is gone, so you'll be in here, doing whatever I say. If we go anywhere, you will do exactly what I say. If you don't then the tape is going to the cops and you are going home, are we clear?" It then dawned on me that the tape was still recording and would be for at least an hour.

"But, I'm not, I'm not...going to have to do gay stuff am I?" he stammered.

"What do you consider gay stuff? I'm not gay, I enjoy both sexes!" I said, "besides, you said anything. That means you'll do whatever I say. Period!"

I then went back to cutting the t-shirt off. Once I had it cut out to the arm holes, I pulled it down to the floor. This way the shirt could come off without me having to untape his hands.

His chest was bare, with bright pink nipples against the completely white, untanned, unmarked skin. His stomach was thin and hairless too. He was slightly trembling as I hooked my thumbs into the waistband of his shorts and tugged them to the floor. He was wearing a pair of black jockey shorts, which made his white skin glow even more.

"Wait! Please! I don't...I can't!" he stammered.

"You don't what? Can't what?" I asked, as I slid his underwear down to join the shorts and t-shirt that were already on the floor.

"I don't want to be naked, I can't do anything gay, I'm not gay!" he exclaimed again.

Well, now here he was. Hands tied behind his back, naked, and his cock was sticking straight out from his body, hard as a rock. His cock was only about four inches long and was about as big around as a half dollar. He had a small patch of dark red pubic hair that was wispy at best, probably two swipes of a razor and he'd be bare. I didn't say anything, I just pulled his arm requiring him to turn around. As he did, I was presented with a perfect butt. It was heart shaped and tight and flawless, like the rest of his body. I turned him back around to face me.

"I see," I said, wrapping my hand around his erect cock, causing him to gasp out loud, "You may not be gay, but your cock seems to like the fact that you are naked, tied up and that I'm touching it."

He didn't reply at first, he just dropped his head and then he finally said, "I get horny whenever I'm naked, I can't help it. That doesn't mean that I'm gay though."

I stroked his cock gently back and forth and said, "No, and because I like naked guys too, doesn't mean that I am. It just means that we're doing what makes us feel good. This does feel good, doesn't it?"

"Oh, yea, it feels great," he said, a small grin on his face.

I released his cock and began pulling off my own clothes. Within seconds, I was as naked and as hard as he was. I then said, "But, here is the problem, you aren't supposed to feel good, you are supposed to be making me feel good, doing whatever I tell you to do," with that, I placed my hands on his shoulder and pushed him downward. He got slowly to his knees, his face now even with my raging cock, which was dripping precum.

"I've only done this once before," he admitted. 

"Well, you now get your second time," I replied placing my hands on the back of his head and moving his face forward. His lips were now nearly touching my cock as I said, "this isn't going to be like the last one, though, I'm going to fuck your mouth and your throat. If you gag, and I think you will, spit up the spit but you'll only be allowed to take my cock out when I say so."

He didn't reply, he just stared at my cock.

"Open your mouth," I ordered. He did. I then slid his head forward as I stepped forward. I watched as my cock slowly entered his mouth. I felt the tip come into contact with the back of his throat and I felt his gag reflex kick in. I backed off just about an inch to let him gain control of it again and then roughly shoved my cock back in. Again, he gagged, this time I just kept fucking his throat. He gagged repeatedly and I could see and feel large amounts of spit gushing from his mouth. He looked up as I held his head still, my cock deep in his throat, he had tears running down his cheeks as he continued to fit the gagging.

"You are now my bitch! Do you understand?" I said.

He nodded, my cock sliding outward until just the tip was in his mouth. He opened his mouth to take a deep breath, and a huge amount of spit gushed out and down his chin onto his chest, running a river to his cock and onto the floor.

"Are you ready for more?" I asked.

"Yes, I'm ready," he said, opening his mouth back up.

I then rammed my cock back into his mouth and continued to face fuck him until I felt my cum boiling up. Just as I was ready to cum, I quickly pulled out of his deep sucking mouth and jerked myself off. My first wad of cum landed squarely on his nose, the next on his left eye, then his right. My last two shots landed on his forehead and right cheek. My sticky cum was slowly oozing down his face as he looked up at me, still breathing hard from the face fucking he'd been receiving.

I lifted him up and saw that he was a mess. His face covered in thick, drying cum. He chest and whole torso was covered in spit and saliva. His little cock was still hard and had turned a deep reddish purple color. Spit was also on both thighs and dribbling down his legs.

"That was pretty good bitch." I said.

"Can I clean up?" He asked, not a friendly tone to his words.

"No, you'll stay like this until I decide you can clean up," I then said, "you still don't get it do you?" 

"I get that you just treated my face like a pussy and nearly made me drown in my own spit." He replied.

I shook my head and wiped the cum from his eyes, so that he could open them, then wiped the cum across his lips.

"Lick your lips," I ordered.

He did. I then wiped more cum from his face and deposited that on his lips too. He quickly licked it up too, without being told to do so.

"You're right, I treated your mouth roughly because you are a thief. A crook. You've stolen lots of crap from our fridge, we're both missing underwear and I'm pretty sure that you have also stolen other stuff too." I then pushed him back onto the bed and helped him swing his legs up so that we was now lying on the bed. "And, before the next four days are over, I'm going to treat your mouth like that again and again and again. I'm also going to do a lot more to you and you are going to enjoy it as much as you did this. And I know that you enjoyed it because your dick is still hard as a fucking rock!"

He didn't reply. I climbed on the bed and straddled his face with my legs. I then looked down and said, "Now, you are going to rim me. Do you know what rimming is?" He tried to nod, but didn't say anything. "If you do a really good job, I promise I'll let you cum, you want to cum don't you?" Again, he nodded.

I then reached back and spread my ass cheeks wide and lowered my ass towards his face. I felt his tongue come out and touch my anus. I sat firmly on his face and felt him begin to run his tongue up and down my ass crack and around my anus. After several minutes, he slowly inserted his tongue into my hole and began to tongue my ass deeper and deeper. I could hear him gently moan as his tongue played with my ass. My cock began to get hard again from the attention he was giving me. After I was fully hard, I raised up and spun myself around as though we were in a 69 position. I lowered my hard cock into his wide open mouth.

"Very good, bitch. Open up and take it again." I said.

"Please, don't make me gag again, that was nasty," he asked, his voice much softer and nicer.

"Just start sucking," I replied. I then had about four inches in his mouth and he was sucking deeply. I would raise up causing the suction to increase then slowly ease back.

I kept slowly, gently, fucking his sweet mouth, each time stopping before I hit the back of this throat and gagging him. He was now much more willing and was doing a much better job.

After almost five minutes, I could feel my nuts filling up and knew I'd be cumming soon.

I guess he felt it too, as he released the vacuum pressure that he had built up and was just using his tongue to massage the underside of my cock. I knew at this point, that he had done this before. No doubt about it!

I unloaded my second load directly into his mouth. I pumped shot after shot into Mark, as he swallowed quickly trying to keep from choking on my load. I waited until I was completely done, then pulled out of his mouth. I sat on the bed next to him and grinned down at him.

"Okay, truth time. This isn't only the second cock you've ever sucked, so tell me the truth now." I said.

"I'll tell the truth if you'll let me cum, I'm aching bad down there!" He exclaimed.

"You forget," I said as I reached down and gently rubbed his balls with just a fingertip, "I'm in charge and you are mine, tell me the truth now!"

"Okay, okay!" He said, squirming, trying to get my hand on his cock, which was now a darker red than before and was throbbing and bobbing. "My brother and I used to fool around some."

"Some?" I asked, "explain some."

"Okay," he said, sighing, "He caught me wearing my sisters panties one day. He tied me up and made me do things, things like we are doing and more. After he released me, he told me that I could do anything I wanted to him. I...I...just dropped to my knees and sucked him off again. He wanted me to fuck him and tell him to suck me, but I didn't realize that. I just wanted to suck him off again."

I grinned, "so, not only did you steal from me, you lied to me about this being your 'second' time." Still rubbing just his balls with just my finger tip.

"NO! Not really! Your cock is only the second cock!" He said, still squirming.

"I see, so how often did you and him do things to each other?"

"Ohhhh, agghhh," he groaned, "We did it a lot! But I was only tied up once," he added.

Still rubbing his balls lightly, I said, "Exactly what things did he make you do?"

"Please, I swore I'd never tell," he groaned.

"Tell me now, or I'll shove my cock down your throat again and make you choke again," I demanded!

"Okay, okay, anything but that!" He exclaimed. "He made me suck him, like you did, but not rough like you did. Then he made me eat his ass, just like you did, he bent over my sister's bed and made me lick him. He then ate my ass and then he fucked me," he said, his voice trailing off.

I grinned, and said, "And, did you like getting fucked?"

He nodded.

"Did you end up fucking him too?"

He nodded again.

"Did you like fucking him?"

Again, he nodded.

I then grabbed his cock and with only three strokes, he blew. His cum shot about three feet into the air and landed all over his pubic area and tummy. I kept stroking him until his cock was dry. I then scooped up his cream and fed it to him. He slurped the cum from my hand and swallowed it down. I watched as his cock never really deflated completely, but lay over against his leg.

I then rolled him over and spread his legs wide. I was still amazed at how beautiful his small ass was. As I stared down at it, gently caressing it, my cock started to stir again. I spread his cheeks open and saw the tiny hole, pink and crinkled around the edges. I worked up a mouth of spit and let it slowly drip from my mouth to his tiny hole. I then used my finger to spread the spittle around and slowly worked a finger into his tight ass, easing it deeper and deeper inside of him.

Slowly, I began to draw the finger back out, applying more spittle and slowly sliding it back in. I picked up the pace as I heard him moan into the pillow, my finger now sliding easily into his butt. Again, applying more spit, I now eased a second finger in next to the first. A louder moan escaped his lips as I now worked two fingers into his ass, with my knuckles now resting on his ass cheeks, I twisted and turned the fingers inside him.

Again, working up more spit, I dropped another large amount of my saliva onto his ass and forced a third finger into him. He clinched his hands, which were just inches above his ass and moaned again, this time the moaning didn't end as my three fingers bottomed out in his ass.

As I twisted, turned, pulled out and pushed in the three fingers, he began try to raise his ass up to meet my hand. I was still working them very slowly, taking nearly a full minute to go in and out of his ass. As I would slowly start in, he would try to lift his ass. I reached over for the two pillows, pulling my fingers from his ass for the first time, I lifted him up and slid the pillows under his waist, causing his ass to be lifted much higher in the air.

As I did this, I noticed that his hole was still gaping open. It was as wide as my three fingers were and it didn't seem to be closing quickly, as most asses I'd seen did. I spit into the gaping hole and slowly worked my fourth finger in, my hand making like a scoop. I slid the four fingers in and out, working the adorable ass, listening to him moan as they went in and as they came out. Once I had all four fingers in, I let them get side by side instead of the scoop form I was using. I again started to pull out and the moans got louder and I could feel his ass tighten as my fingers forced him to spread open even more.

I now placed my thumb along the palm of my hand and slid back into him again. His moan was constant now and I worked my entire hand back and forth inside his butt. It was very tight now, tighter that it was with just a finger inside him. I kept this up until I thought of a video I had seen of Scott taking an entire fist. With that, I slowly pushed inwards, not stopping until my whole fist disappeared into his ass only my wrist could be seen. 

He was now withering and moaning and in a breathless scream said, "I'm cumming! I'm cumming!!" I reached under him with my other hand and felt the cum gushing from his tiny cock. I kept pumping my hand in, from fingertip to wrist and pushing as deep as I could go. I couldn't believe that his small frame was able to take so much of my hand.

I pulled my cum soaked hand from under him and licked it clean. His cum was flavorless and nearly clear. I wiped what was left on his white ass cheeks, leaving a nice sticky residue on his butt. 

My own cock was raging hard now, so I pulled my hand from his ass and slid up between his wide spread legs. His hole was open about an inch and a half, making an easy entry for my two in wide cock. In one thrust, I was in fully, my whole seven inches buried deeply and my shaved pubic area pressed against his ass. I then began pounding as hard as I could, with each deep dive inside him he groaned and grunted. I fucked his ass harder and harder, until I could feel my cum bubbling up.

With a final thrust, I bottomed out in him and began to unload. Shot after shot of cum filled his ass, as I just laid there and let it shoot into him. I finally pulled my cock from his ass, his hole remaining open slightly, I could see my cum pooled up inside him. I rolled him over and placed my hand under his ass and felt my cum flow from his butt and into my cupped hand. He was breathing heavily and looking up at me.
