 Donnies. The name had a reputation to it. A gay bar in an industrial part of town with a dark side. Having been on the fringes of the gay community I had heard the name but had not had the courage to visit. A few drinks with an old friend changed that. 

The old friend wasn't gay. We meet occasionally to catch up, talk politics, sports, life . . . the usual stuff two guys with a nice whiskey buzz do. We chatted till 10:30 and decided that one more would be too many – and we parted. He went his way and I got in my car. I decided to use my GPS to see if there was a shorter way home, across town rather than around it. Without a second thought I followed the little blue line – her familiar voice giving me instructions.

I wound up a steep switchback road in an old neighborhood, crossed a bridge and on my left was Donnies. I chuckled and drove on – for a block or so. Then without any real reason, I did a U turn and went back. The parking lot was ¾ full and I sat in my car for a bit. Uncertain of what I was doing. I am a grown man – how much trouble can it really be? If it's a leather biker bar – I will turn around and go. Screwing up my courage I went in. $5.00 got me through the door. 

A standard bar – stools at the bar a few tables and a disinterested bar tender greeted me. Not enough people for all the cars though. I get a beer and sat thinking on night cap and then I am gone. To my left steps descend. I see a few guys coming up, then a few guys going down. My curiosity got the best of me. Down I went. Most gay bars have some hammering dance music loud enough to deafen me – but not here. It played but quietly in the background. As I came to the bottom of the stairs I see another bar – not unlike the one above. A handsome man, leather and mustache behind the bar – but friendly. But the room offered much much more. 

To my right was a curtain of transparent heavy plastic strips and I could see men moving around inside. It was dark in there but I was intrigued. I wandered in. to my left was a sling, unoccupied. Along the wall on my right men loitered, judging each piece that went by. I continued down to find a 4 stair uplift to a second room. Along one wall a partition, behind which were wooden stalls – about the size of an old fashioned phone booth – open. A few had a couple in it, usually one guy on his knees savoring a hard cock. One had a guy facing the isle as his playmate fucked him from behind. I watched that show for a bit – envying the guy being fucked. 

I realized this was no holds gay play room. I got very excited. I wandered back toward the first room. As I descended the four steps I saw on my right a very dark space, framed with 55-gallon steel drums. I wandered in. A shape in the back moved – I moved toward it. He was naked – hard and waiting. Without a word I dropped to my knees. I needed cock badly by now. I took him in my mouth, and just went deep on him. He moaned then pulled me up. His hands pulled my shirt off and wrestled with my belt. I did him the favor and undid the belt and the pants. The fell – and I kicked them off. I wanted to be naked in there too. 

He pulled me close, kissed me and I returned it with lust. His hands ran up and down, grabbing my cock and balls. A second set of hands touched me from behind – and I felt another thrill of knowing I was between two men. The first man pulled my face down to his cock, but I bent at the waist rather than going to my knees. The second man ran his hands over my ass for a while but then wandered off. The guy in my mouth grabbed my head, thrust a few more times then asked "Where do you want it?" "Face" I replied and he jetted his hot cum on my forehead, nose and hair. Without a word – he pulled his pants up and left. 

I stood up, with cum all over my face to get my breath. My eyes had adjusted to the near total darkness and I noticed a guy sitting on a barrel who had watched me. He was only a silhouette but it was a well shaped silhouette. "Come over here" he said – and without a second thought – I did. His strong hands ran over my body, grabbed and yanked on my cock – hard. I moaned and whimpered. "You need more" He stated. It wasn't a question. I said nothing – didn't need to. He ran a finger through the cum on my face and pressed it to my lips – I sucked it. He took some more cum and pressed it against my hole – lubing me with another mans cum. He turned me around. He guided my hips down – till I felt his cock. 

"I want to breed you" he said. So – here I am. In a place I have never been before with cum on my face and a mans cock poised to penetrate my needy hole with no idea if he is poz or clean. And I lowered myself. I was so lost in my slut that the two voices in my head compromised. We will pull off before he cums was the excuse. I slide down on his cock. It was long, thick, veiny, and sheer sexual pleasure. I began to ride up and down on it. My hands on his knees for leverage. A few guys gathered around – I was moaning fairly loudly now and it attracted men. After a bit he slide out of me, turned me around to face him and sat me onto his cock again. TI put my arms around his thick neck and resumed pumping on him. Hands began to explore me – which as hot. 

He wore a leather cock ring with studs and I felt it each time I bottomed on him. "You ready to be breed bitch?" Fuck – moment of decision. I pulled off. But I didn't leave – my feet wouldn't move. He stood – too my hand and led me to the sling. Lifting me into it (I confess – looking back that might be my favorite moment – when I knew he could do what he wanted and I was incapable of saying no.) He put my feet through the leather stirrups and opened me up wide. I noticed that the sling was visible to the bar. I mean we were maybe 5 feet from the bar with nothing inhibiting full viewing – and everybody at the bar turned to watch – like the floor show had begun. 

He stood between my legs and I watched him. I rolled my head back and showed my submissiveness for him. He slammed into me – the sling rocked – I cried out a bit – and the bar loved it. I found myself playing to them – making it hotter for them. I liked the attention – though he was getting all the stud credits. He held the chains of the sling and made the sling go back and forth on his cock. My hands found the leather straps over my head and I ran my hands through them – looking like I am tied up. 

With each thrust I whimpered – then I began to talk. "Fuck me" – I said, loudly enough for everybody to hear but not screaming it. He complied. For how long I have no idea. "going to breed you bitch" again not a question – "breed my cunt Sir" I said back. "Fill me with cum" – at which point the bar moved to the sling. Men stood around closely – stroking cocks. I felt cum him my stomach it wasn't him. Then another guy came on my tits. Then He grunted – slammed into me really hard – causing me to yelp the he jetted into me – and I could feel it. I closed my eyes and savored the sensation – clamping on his cock. Then more cum – from the men around me. I must have had four guys cum on me. When I opened my eyes somebody else was between my legs – I just nodded and he slid into me. The crowd around me had thinned out – but the bar was still watching. The new guy wasn't the handsomest guy but he was reasonably hung and he seemed to know how to fuck. I felt myself filled again and used some of the cum on my stomach to stroke my cock. One of the guys at the bar stepped in and used the cum to stroke me. I relaxed and sunk into the sexual bliss I was in. I felt my orgasm rising and I just let it cum – and I hit my own face. I went off like a sky rocket. I moaned and whimpered as I jetted cum. 

The guy in my ass just kept fucking me so I talked dirty to him. "Fuck my ass – cum in me stud" as my hands pulled his hips into me. With each stroke, as my orgasm receded it was uncomfortable being fucked but I wanted him to finish – felt like I was cheating him if I quit on him. About five minutes later he grunted really loudly, and he filled me with more cum. 

I was exhausted. I had no idea where my cloths or keys were, and I was a mess – dripping cum from my ass and sticky from balls to hairline. I lay in the sling just getting my breath. The bar tender brought me a glass of water and a bar towel. "That was one hell of a show – you ok?" he asked. I nodded, said yea and thanked him for the water and the towel. I cleaned up as well as I could, got out of the sling, found my cloths and went to the mens room to clean up. 

I came out to head to my car and a few of the guys applauded me at the bar. I smiled but part of me was terrified. I lost all control – and two guys who I never met came in my ass. I was a bit scared. 

I got tested a month, 3 months, 6 months and a year. Nothing. I got away with it. But I don't want to repeat that again. But it remains the hottest memory I have do. When I get back it will be a battle to be safe – because frankly being the slut I was that night – total whore slut – was hot. I really love the memory of all the hands on me as I rode him and the sensation of being lifted into that sling and allowing myself to be put on display as a cum slut for all to see – or touch – or use. If I knew they were clean – I would do it again in a heartbeat.