 By the fifth night of kneeling between Billy's legs, I was pretty darn good at 'polishing his knob'...one of many euphemisms he used whenever he was in the mood for a blowjob.

"Okay, sweetie, time to sample the sausage" - "Play a tune on my skin flute, Johnny" - "Go ahead and suck the sugar-stick, sweetie" - "Gobble the goop, cutie" - and my least favorite, "Lay some lipstick on my dipstick, sweet thing"!!

He was an excellent teacher. Not only did he show me how to use my lips and tongue on his erection, but also where to position my hands properly, and how they should be used, as well.

His prediction the first night of "By the end of the week, sweetie, going to your knees will become second nature to you" was not quite accurate though...it took only four-nights for me to feel kneeling before a man with his hard cock inches from my mouth was not only a natural thing to do, but it is where I also belong.

It did take some time, however, to get accustomed to the name-calling. "Fagboy" - "You little faggot" - "Worthless cocksucker" - "Cocksucking faggot" - "Bitch-boy" - "Cock slut" - "Community cum dump"...he would taunt me when I knelt before him...he said men are very strange creatures...while they want their dicks sucked and their balls emptied, some of them feel ashamed that a boy is doing the sucking instead of a girl so they overcompensate for their weakness by calling you names.

So on the fifth night when he said "Lick the lollipop, fagboy" I went to my knees unfazed by his words. In fact, since my hands and mouth were on automatic pilot, I began thinking of things to pass the time until he shot his load in my mouth.

My tongue was tracing the vein on the underside of his cock when I began thinking about fate. I was convinced it was 'fate' that brought Billy and me together in the first place.

I had been living in the building a week and had never laid eyes on my neighbor. I had met my neighbor on the other side of me the first day when I moved in. Mary Ellen is a cute girl, with a terrific body, and she was so friendly I imagined she liked me. I even masturbated that night fantasizing of her. Anyway, it was a week later when I met Billy.

It was the first day of my new job unloading trucks. When I took the job, the boss described my duties, and I thought they would teach me how to drive a forklift...but it didn't work out that way. 

Since I was the new guy, my job was to manually unload the most awkward objects, and they were heavy...I was so tired when I got home I decided to take a nap before dinner, but when I woke it was 2 o'clock in the morning. I hadn't done laundry since I moved in so I figured it would be the perfect time for that.

I taken the clothes out of the dryer when someone else entered the laundry room and gave me quite a start because I wasn't expecting to see anyone at that time of the morning.

"Whoa, big fella, I didn't mean to scare you!" said a husky male voice.

When I turned I saw Billy for the first time. He was wearing rather smallish, white gym shorts with a black logo of some fitness center, and nothing else. My eyes went from his handsome face to his chiseled chest and back to his face again.

"Do you like what you see?" he said with a wide grin spread across his lips.

I turned so red I had to avert my eyes from his. I stammered, "Uh, no, I uh, well..."

He offered his hand and said, "I'm Billy - you must be the new guy in 106."

"Uh, yes, I moved in a few days ago," I said then shook his hand. He had a good handshake; some guys squeeze my hand so hard it hurts; his was firm, but not too hard. "Oh, I'm John."

"I'm next to you in 108...it's a pleasure to meet you!" he said, and it seemed to me he meant what he said.

I finished unloading the dryer and when I was about to leave he said, "Maybe we can get together some time."

I blushed again and said, "Sure, that would be nice."

As I returned to my apartment I chastised myself. 'That would be nice?' Who says that to another guy, John?

I was putting away my clothes when I heard a soft rapping on my front door. I knew it had to be him at that time of night. As I walked to the door I wondered why I felt so nervous to see him again.

When I was face-to-face with the handsome man with the perfect body, he held up by the waistband my red, string bikini briefs.

"You left these in the dryer," he said. 

I reached out for them but he stepped back and I missed them.

"Pretty little panties," he said with that handsome smile of his, "...maybe you can model them for me some day."

Darn it - there goes my face again.

"No, no, I bought them in the men's department!" I said defensively.

He gave them to me and was about to leave when he turned and said, "You know, I have a day off tomorrow and I want to cook a roast, but it's no fun cooking for one - would you join me for dinner - say about six?"

His words sounded forceful...more an order not a question. I heard myself say, "Sure, I'd love to!"

When I closed the door I thought, 'Sure, I'd love to?' Who says that to another guy?

Well, to make a long story short, I saw him the next five nights. His work schedule had changed and he was home the same time as me. He fixed dinner for us every night; he was an excellent cook. He had me clean up afterwards.

It took him only three nights to get me out of my jeans and tee shirt, hahaha...he said he liked to be comfortable at home which meant wearing just brief, boxer shorts. He said it would be awkward if he was the only one wearing his undies, so I, uh well, yes, I reluctantly paraded around before him in my skimpy briefs.

He acted like it was the most normal thing in the world for two guys to hang out together like that.

The fourth night the wine got to me...or should I say it was the Jagerbombs and bourbon after dinner. All I know is I woke up on his sofa, covered with a blanket, and suffering a horrendous headache.

He talked me into calling off work...he said I was still drunk, and they'd smell the liquor on my breath and I'd lose my job. It made sense to me so I did what he'd told me.

By that time, I was so comfortable around him I kind of liked the way he always touched me when we were talking. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't sexual, or anything like that, no, he is just one of those guys who uses his hands a lot when he speaks.

Well, everything changed that day. After breakfast he announced he was going to take a shower...I was still feeling a little wobbly and laid on the sofa to take a nap. I was almost asleep when I heard him call my name. I went into the bathroom, he behind the shower curtain with the water running.

"I left the shampoo by the sink, would you hand it to me?" he asked. 

When I found the opening of the curtain I pushed the shampoo bottle thru it, but suddenly, he opened the curtain and I saw him standing under the cascading water.

Oh my goodness - I stared at his chest and rippling biceps then couldn't help myself and looked lower. I'm not sure, but I think I only stared at his erection for a few seconds when, like the night we met, he asked, "Do you like what you see?"

My face blazed red while I tried to have him take the shampoo from me, but I think he purposely wouldn't take it so I would look at him longer.

Then the strangest thing happened - my prick swelled in my briefs and pushed out the cotton material. Only then did he take the bottle from me. 

He smiled and said, "We need to talk when I'm done in here."

When I returned to the sofa I knew there was no way I could fall asleep. The image of him naked in the shower with his beautiful cock pointing straight at me was burned into my memory. Unconsciously, I squeezed my hard prick thru my briefs.

When I heard the water stop running, I decided to lay down and feign being asleep. In a few minutes I felt the sofa cushion sag beneath his weight. I was thankful my hard-on had subsided, but he placed his hand on my thigh and OH-MY-GOODNESS - my prick immediately stiffened again.

He chuckled and said, "Johnny, don't be embarrassed...we're two healthy guys with normal sex drives...tell you what, if you give me a 'helping hand' - I'll help you out, too."

I almost leapt out of my skin when he squeezed my prick thru the briefs.

I bolted upright and he put his arm around me. Our hot flesh pressing firmly against one another.

"B-Billy, I'm not gay..." was the only thing I could think to say.

"Oh Johnny," he said, "I'll be the judge of that!"

What does THAT mean? I wondered.

"C'mon, sweetie," he said, "...you've given me a hard-on every night you've been here, and I know you love looking at it...what are you, some sort of cock-tease?"

"No, no, it's not like that at all!" I protested. His boxers tented-out and it was difficult not to look.

"I am disappointed in you, Johnny...you claim you're not gay but I certainly remember the story you told me last night - don't you remember it?" he asked.

"Huh? What story?" I asked.

"The one where you went cruising in a fag park back home and let some guy pick you up and take you home with him!" he said.

OH-MY-GOODNESS - I TOLD HIM ABOUT THAT NIGHT?

"...and after you got naked with him, you let him oil your asshole and was going to let him fuck you until you chickened out and said his cock was too big...he called you a 'cock-tease' too, and you ended up jerking him off...Johnny, I'm not a stranger - haven't we had fun the past few nights - I think we have something special here and giving each other a helping hand is only a natural progression in our friendship...I mean, I'm not going to say a word to anybody about what goes on here, if that's what you're afraid of!"

He took my hand and placed it directly on the bulge in his shorts and pressed it firmly to his erection. The hair on the back of my neck stood straight - my hard prick began throbbing inside my briefs.

He released his grip on me, lifted his hips and lowered his shorts. He unabashedly exposed his beautiful seven-inch erection to me.

"Johnny, you willingly took a strangers cock in your hands, but you won't do mine?" he asked imploringly.

I stared at it a long time before I took it in my hand and masturbated him. 

He was right about having a strong sex drive...since then I have taken him in my hands at least three times a day - sometimes four - sometimes I jerked him off five times a day...and now I kneel between his powerful thighs just as many times a day and he lovingly calls me "...the prettiest little cocksucker who has ever gone down on me!"

When the big day arrived, I was confident I would be able to excel at all aspects of my new job. 

In two short weeks I probably had given Billy thirty massages, and even more blowjobs...he had explained in great detail what my typical work-day would be like, and how to react to different situations. He declared me ready to start work...I was more enthused than nervous.

I went to fitness center number one and told the cute guy working the front desk I was a new employee, and was to report to a man named Alfred.

"Oooooo, cutie, welcome to our world - you will absolutely love it here!" he smiled as he looked me up and down. "My name is Peter, before I call Ally, we'll get you started with the paperwork."

There wasn't much paperwork. He gave me an account number for the donations to my 'College Fund' and I gave him my checking account number at the same bank where Billy had his account.

He pushed some papers at me saying "Here are the house rules - read them and sign at the bottom"...Billy had already told me what each paper meant so I signed them without reading.

He then used his smart phone and I watched him text someone, I guessed it was 'Ally'...Billy had told me all about Ally, too. He said he was about a hundred-years old, and could be kind of cranky; that he was strict but fair, and if I had any problems to go directly to him...and that he was also, uh, kind of a perv.

While we waited Peter suddenly exclaimed, "Oh yes - now I remember why your name rings a bell" and I watched him open a desk drawer and pull out an envelope. He gave it to me and I could tell right away inside was a check.

"What's this?" I asked.

"Lucky you, boy, haven't even started work and you're getting your first paycheck!" he said with a smile.

I opened the envelope and took a look at the front of the check - oh my goodness - it was a check for two-hundred dollars!

"I don't understand," I said to Peter. "This is my first day of work!"

"Well, cutie, the only way you would get an actual check is you 'performed' some type of 'work' before you had a College Fund account number - probably two-three weeks ago - hey, be happy - that's your first donation from a satisfied client!" he explained.

I instantly remembered the party where I'd met Tommy...then it hit me - it must be from the large man who sucked me off - oh my goodness - he gave me the greatest blowjob of my life AND two-hundred dollars? Does life get any better than this?

"You must be Johnny," said a tall and skinny, gray-haired old guy.

"Yes, nice to meet you," I said and stuck out a hand to shake his, but he just said, "Follow me!"

I followed him past huge glass windows where inside I could see all types of exercise equipment...the large room was about a quarter filled with straining men working out. 

Next, he led me down a series of dimly lit hallways with closed doors that had numbers, like motel rooms. It could have been my imagination, but I swear I detected a faint odor of sperm and semen...oh my goodness - these must be the massage rooms!

We turned a couple more corners then stopped before a windowless door...the plaque beside the door read "Towel Boys Only"...when we entered I saw what appeared to be an employee break room complete with frig, microwave, tables and a flat screen tv on the wall.

"This is where you'll have your lunch - you get thirty-minutes - that's it...this ain't a social club - I don't want to see a bunch of you gals lounging around in here and yakking - take your thirty-minutes and get back out on the floor - you're here to provide service for our members..."

Gals? That was kind of rude, I thought.

Next we entered a room with full-size lockers on all the walls.

"Yours will be number seven...it's clean now and I expect it to remain that way...the lockers are for your street clothes and items such as your wallet (he looked me up and down and sneered)...or your purse...and your personal hygiene products...let me make this perfectly clear - no drugs - no alcohol - no tobacco - no exceptions...we have a zero tolerance policy and I perform regular locker checks...if any of those substances are found in your locker security will immediately escort you off the property - understand me, pretty boy?"

I didn't expect him to ask me anything - I blushed.

"Y-Yes, sir," I said shakily.

Thru the doorway and off to the right was an office, but we continued forward into the restroom then onto the shower room with three small changing areas and a shower on each side.

"These too are clean and are to be kept that way! Showers are meant for one person only - I don't want to catch you boys diddling each other in here - would you like to stand on a floor covered in spooge?"

He looked at me and I wondered 'Is that a rhetorical question, or am I supposed to answer him?'

I finally said, "No, sir, I wouldn't!"

He turned and said, "C'mon to my office, boy, I'll get you started!"

His office consisted of a large desk with one chair, a frig, and a loveseat big enough for two people. In the back was another small room where I saw on shelves the same kind of gym shorts Billy wore.

"Okay, boy, strip and I'll size you for your uniform," he said casually.

"I have a 32 waist," I said.

"It doesn't work that way, boy...I'll be the judge of what size you will be wearing...get those clothes off and lay them on the loveseat...you'll put them in your locker when we're done in here!" he said.

"Oh, uh, yes, sir," I replied.

I thought he'd go into the uniform room but no, he just stood there staring at me. I had to get naked in front of this old man? Oh my goodness...

I slowly peeled off my clothes. At one point I watched him read a piece of paper on his desk then turn back to see me slide my briefs down and off my legs. I placed them on the loveseat and stood with my hands covering my crotch.

"I see on your contract you are required to remain clean shaven - all over...lock your hands behind your head...yes, good - now spread your legs wider apart - no, wider than that - no, WIDER!"

Oh my goodness, I stood totally nude and defenseless against this old man's piercing eyes. He spoke while his gaze was locked onto my gently swaying genitals.

"This is how you will begin every shift, you will strip, stand just like that, and I will examine you to make sure you are hairless and abiding by your contract!" he said firmly. "Do you understand me, boy?"

"Y-Yes, sir," I said almost choking. What have I gotten myself into?

He came forward and placed his hands on my armpits - his touch caused me to giggle and back away.

"Ticklish, huh? Try and get over that," he said with a slight smile.

It was the first time I saw anything resembling a smile on his craggy, old face.

His hands moved down to my chest. He could plainly see I had no hair so I wondered why he slowly caressed me and then he took me by total surprise by pinching my nipples until they became hard points. I backed away from him again.

"STAND STILL, BOY - the contract you signed specifically mentioned your daily examination!" he said, pointing to the paper on the desk. 

It was one of the pieces of paper I had signed at the front desk without reading. Billy hadn't said anything at all to me about a 'daily examination.'

The old man sat beside my pile of clothes on the loveseat and said, "Come closer!"

My crotch was a foot from his face but he seemed more concerned with my legs. His hands slowly stroked my legs all the way to my ankles then back up again to my thighs. His touch was so soft and gentle I became fearful my body would betray me.

"Nice and soft," I heard him murmur. "Good..."

He squeezed and kneaded the flesh of my inner thighs until my worst fear was realized: my penis began it's slow ascent - his hands soon had my prick semi-erect without so much as touching it. If he noticed, he didn't say a word.

"Turn around!" he commanded, and I did what I was told. At least his beady little eyes wouldn't see the excitement his hands were causing to my prick.

His hands wandered up and down my back and shoulders. He had incredibly soft hands. When he stroked and squeezed the backs of my thighs my prick twitched and when his hands began massaging my buttocks it was all over - my prick lurched into a full erection. I was vanquished before a man I didn't even know.

"Lean forward and place your hands on the desk!" he ordered.

If I do that, I thought, I'll fall over.

He pinched my asscheek hard and said loudly, "NOW, BOY!"

To maintain my balance in that position required me to spread my legs even wider apart.

When I realized he had a clear view of the most intimate part of my body I began to tremble.

His hand was between my asscheeks. He began talking: "This is the area most boys forget about..."

Oh-my-goodness - his finger slid between my cheeks and massaged my perineum. I could feel the pressure building in my balls.

"...they forget that hair grows here, too, so they neglect this area..."

His finger began rubbing my anus. I groaned as my hard prick lurched and throbbed. I knew what he was doing - he was testing me to see how much I could endure before I spilled my seed...he wanted to humiliate me - to demonstrate his power over me.

His fingertip pushed gently past my sphincter. I moaned in defeat.
