 The world in the 21st century has been dominated by chaos, uncertainty, needless wars of aggression, police shootings and protests, economic insecurity, and the prevailing attitude that our lives in America will never again be what they were twenty-thirty years ago.

Once commonly held 'truths' have been smashed and destroyed. 

No longer do we take for granted a college degree guarantees a life of middle/upper middle class prosperity; high school graduates without the means to attend college have far fewer options for decent paying jobs - factories and steel mills have virtually disappeared; millions of other well-paying jobs have been off-shored to countries where workers are paid starvation wages so corporations can 'maximize their profits' to ensure their 'bottom lines' remain attractive to the wealthy gamblers on the stock market.

To more-and-more of us in the middle, or who aspire to rise to the middle, the game of life seems rigged against us in favor of those with money and influence, and whose chief accomplishment is sometimes simply being born into wealthy and powerful families. 

The American worker, once the back-bone of our great country, is now considered by corporations as an 'expense,' and is treated accordingly. No longer do many companies offer basic benefits like health insurance, nor do they even guarantee a forty-hour workweek. 

The majority of Americans now work in the service industry and rely on the kindness of strangers to tip them well enough to supplement their meager salaries and wages. 

The list of 'known certainties' grows shorter every day. What do we know for sure anymore? Very few things...

The are only only three things I am certain of beyond a shadow of a doubt:

1) The sun will rise in the east and set in the west.

2) Politicians running for office will smile while making gullible voters outrageous and unrealistic promises, and spew lie-after-lie because they know the media will allow them to get away with those lies; and once they're elected, the wishes of the people who voted for them will be totally ignored as they blindly obey the commands of corporations and the super-rich.

3) Men will always get hard-ons at the slightest provocation, and will request strange and exotic methods to relieve their stiff cocks, and empty their swollen balls.

Not that there is anything wrong with that...you see, I too work in the service industry and rely on donations from men to pay my bills and save money for the future.

I consider myself lucky to be born a sexually amoral person...consensual sex between adults is no one else' concern...if you don't share that philosophy, so be it, simply mind your own business and keep your holier-than-thou sanctimonious opinions and platitudes to yourself.

What is so difficult about that to understand? 

When working at the fitness center, every so often, a man will request a massage, lie naked on the table, and while I am kneading and squeezing his flesh he will simultaneously spring a boner and tell me I am a depraved sinner and if I don't change my ways I am doomed to go straight to hell.

At the end of these massages, not once have any of these men of 'high moral rectitude' refused the use of my hands or mouth to relieve their stiffness...practice what you preach people OR shut-the-heck-up!

Oh well, it takes all kinds in this crazy world...

I looked at the clock then checked the roast in the oven and stirred the potatoes. I had already showered so I went to the bedroom to get dressed.

I threw off the robe and stood before the mirror and studied my 'titties'...Billy had told me I needed to exercise my upper body to ensure my chest wouldn't sag or wrinkle so I work-out every day. 

I smiled at the reflection of my firm, taut belly, and high-riding breasts...no, they aren't the size of women's breasts, but as Mister X is fond of saying, "A teenage girl would be proud to have your titties!"

Andy had bought me a new outfit so after I slipped into white cotton, string bikini briefs, I pulled-on a tight-fitting, yellow tee shirt which revealed my naval and lower belly and prominently displayed my nipples; then stepped into tiny yellow gym shorts...ha-ha-ha - yes, I looked like someone's pet parakeet, but yellow is one of Andy's favorite colors on me.

I decided to watch the news while I waited. I flipped to the least conservative of the cable news networks...'liberal media' my ass - 'facts' and 'truth' do not have a liberal bias...some people simply 'can't handle the truth' if it conflicts with their view of the world.

I was engrossed in a news story when three light knocks on the door caused my heart to flutter, and sent a shot of adrenaline racing through my body. I rushed to the door, stopped, took a deep gulp of air then opened it.

Andy had been spending a couple nights a week with me for about a month. We no longer have to meet in dimly lit restaurants on the far side of town.

The smile on my boyfriends face melted my insides, and lit up my own face.

His eyes roamed up and down greedily drinking in my skimpy, bright yellow attire.

"Hi there, handsome," I said. "C'mon inside - if you dare!"

He chuckled and kissed my forehead as he slid by me. Once I closed the door he took me in his arms and our lips came together. I threw my arms around his broad back and hugged him close.

In a matter of seconds, I felt his erection against my own. One of my favorite things about Andy is how easily his dick gets hard. I think it's the greatest compliment he can give me.

"It's been too long..." he sighed when our kiss ended.

It was my turn to laugh. "It's only been two days."

"Exactly," he said with a wide smile. "...too long to be apart from you.

His words caused my heart to flutter. I lowered my hand and found the bulge in his slacks then curled my fingers around it and slowly moved my hand back and forth over his entrapped erection.

"If you want," I softly said, "I can take care of your 'problem' right now..."

"No," he said removing my hand from his crotch. "Why don't we wait until later..."

"It's not like your hard-ons are on any endangered species list...I'll definitely make sure you have more than one tonight," I said smiling.

A deep moan came from his throat. "Ohhhh, Johnny, I am counting on that!"

During dinner I was trying to gauge his mood. What does he want to be tonight? The assertive, no-nonsense 'top' first commanding me to my knees then later bending me over and taking me from behind...or the docile submissive, wanting only to serve and satisfy my arousal.

Of course, I am naturally a 'sub' and concern myself with satisfying my man before even considering my own climax, but Andy keeps me off my guard, I am never sure what role he wants to play on any given night.

I inwardly laugh at the irony of it all...with other men, I intentionally assume the persona of their fantasies, I become who they want me to be...but with Andy, you can't really call it role-playing can you if I'm simply allowing him to express his deepest inner desires?

The first clue he gave me of who he was tonight came after dinner when he told me to relax in the living room; that he wanted to show his appreciation for my cooking by cleaning up; he poured me an Amaretto and I reluctantly sat on the living room sofa listening to his busywork in the kitchen.

He came with the bottle, re-filled my glass then went back to the kitchen. I heard him filling a glass with ice so I assumed he was pouring a drink for himself.

I was mildly surprised when he returned to the sofa and was naked except for his boxers; he had stripped so quickly and quietly I hadn't noticed.

He posed before me and asked in kind of a girly-voice, "Do you like what you see?"

It was a rhetorical question - he knows I love his rock-hard chest and firm body. 

My smile served dual purposes: of course I loved what I was seeing, but also, because his underwear was navy blue - I had half expected him to be wearing yellow boxers.

He sank down beside me and placed his head on my shoulders. We sipped our drinks in silence. I could tell there was something he wanted to say, but was unable to.

His hand began to innocently stroke my bare legs just above the knees. He turned his face toward mine and I lowered my head and kissed his sweet lips. While we kissed, his hand grew bolder, sliding up my legs, caressing my sensitive inner thighs. I parted my legs to allow him better access.

My prick had leapt to full erection and his fingertips maddeningly stroked the flesh beneath my briefs without touching me any higher. I moaned into his open mouth.

He abruptly removed his hand from my thighs and slid it under my tee shirt. He found my rapidly expanding nipples and rolled them to hard points. My enlarged breasts had truly become a source of great pleasure; whenever a man played with them my hard prick would begin to swell and throb. 

I felt his hot breath in my ear; his tongue suddenly darted in and out and my body started at the delicious shiver that raced up and down my spine.

"Johnny..." he said in the smallest of whispers,"...I want to feel you inside me...will you please fuck me in the ass tonight?"

There it was - his submissive side on full display. 

This wasn't totally unexpected though. The last time we made love, he had gotten so excited when I fingered his hole, and then tongue-fucked his anus, he shot a huge load with me simply holding his cock. This was the next natural progression to satisfy his submissive curiosity.

Okay, I thought to myself. I now know the game he wants to play. If this is what my man wants - then I will give him the best first fuck I can.

"You know, baby," I said in my lowest masculine voice, "...you've gotten me so worked-up I won't last very long when I bust your cherry - why don't you get on your knees and blow me first!!"

"Ohhhhhhhh, yes, darling..." he groaned and immediately obeyed my command.

He really had gotten my balls to the point of bursting, and I desperately wanted to feel his lips wrapped around my flesh, but when he tugged at my shorts and briefs I couldn't help but tease him by not lifting my hips for him to strip me.

"Pleeeeezzzzzzzzzzzz..." he whimpered.

"So you want to be my little bitch tonight? Say it - say you want me to make you my bitch!" I playfully taunted him.

"Ohhhhhh, yesssss - please - PLEASE MAKE ME YOUR BITCH, DARLING!!" he shouted.

"You may now strip me," I forcefully commanded.

"Thank you, darling!" he gasped; and when I lifted my hips he yanked down my shorts and briefs all the way to the floor then removed them entirely.

I pulled my tee shirt over my head and sat naked before him.

He stared at my hard prick with hunger in his eyes. He made a move to take it in his mouth but I pushed his head away.

His eyes darted to mine with the look of a wounded puppy dog.

I moved forward until I sat on the very edge of the sofa.

I looked down at him and said, "A good little bitch licks her man's balls first!"

"Ohhh, yes, Darling - please let me lick your balls - pleeeezzzzz..."

I hadn't expected the desperation in his voice, but it sure made my prick leap and throb.

I patted his head like a small child and said, "You may now lick my balls, you pretty little bitch!"

"Thank you, darling," he said and immediately lifted my scrotum and began kissing and licking my balls. 

After a minute or so, I wanted to ram my prick between his lips and was about to push his head away when he opened his jaws wide and took my entire scrotum in his wet and warm mouth.

"Ohhhhhhh, yessss..." I moaned. "That's it my pretty little bitch - suck my balls!"

His wild tongue lathered my soft flesh and I groaned again and after a minute or two, I couldn't take any more and pushed his head from my crotch.

I gripped his ears to keep his head still, positioned my cockhead to his lips then declared, "I'm going to fuck your face, my pretty little bitch!" then lunged forward until the entire length of my cock was buried inside his mouth.

He had gotten me so crazy with lust I held his head still and rammed my cock in-and-out of his mouth in rapid thrusts. His lips and tongue drove me insane with the need to climax...both my hands now held his head completely motionless as I frantically used his mouth and fucked his face so hard my balls slapped his chin with every inward stroke.

"Yes - yes - yes - yes..." I cried out with every thrust into his warm and wet cavern.

One of his hands left my flesh and I opened my eyes in time to see him take his cock out of his boxers and begin to masturbate.

I slapped at his arm and shouted, "DID I SAY YOU COULD CUM, BITCH?"

His mouth whimpered around my flesh when he was forced to abruptly stop pleasuring himself. 

I'm almost there...I'm almost there...almost there...almost there...

And then it happened: "OHHHHH-YES - YES - YES - YES - YESSSSSSSSS..."

My body flopped about as I unloaded my balls into his greedily sucking mouth. 

There is nothing more obscenely pleasant than the sounds your lover makes when he frantically tries to gulp down the deluge of sperm and semen you give him; the noises from his mouth and throat enhances your excitement as he swallows every last drop.

I have to admit that sometimes I love playing the role of the dominant male during sex.

Andy's hard cock was oozing pre-cum as I led him to the bathroom. I made the decision if he wanted to be my 'bitch' for the night, I would treat him accordingly.

"You're getting to be a nice little cocksucker, sweetie, it won't be long before going to your knees will be second nature to you!" I said. One of my very first male lovers had once made that comment to me.

Standing before the toilet, I snapped at him, "What are you waiting for, bitch? Hold my dick while I piss!"

An audible groan escaped his mouth then he softly said, "Yes, sir..."

I reached between his legs and cupped his scrotum. His balls were heavy and swollen; the slightest provocation on my part would send him over the edge. I didn't want that - I wanted to give him the total sub experience.

When my bladder was empty, I opened the drawer near the sink and found the latest purchase I'd made at 'Ye Olde Sex Shoppe.' It was a four-inch, leather scrotum strap similar to the one Timmy uses on me before my sex romps with Mister X, only this one had a fur lining.

From the expression on Andy's face I could tell he had no idea what its purpose was.

I stood before him and ordered him to, "Open your legs, cutie-pie!"

His balls were riding high so I had to push them low in his sac for the strap to fit. I expertly wrapped it around the upper scrotal flesh, and when I tightened it, he made small, whimpering sounds.

I gave his buttocks a playful slap and said, "This will stop you from shooting your nasty seed until I give you permission!"

To emphasize the point, I masturbated him quite vigorously until his eyes closed, his hips began thrusting in time with my hand, and he was straining to cum. 

I stopped only when he discovered he couldn't ejaculate and he pleaded with me, "Oh God, please - I need to cum - pleeeezzzzzzzzzzz..."

"A good little bitch climaxes AFTER her man cums in her pussy - understand me, girl?" I sneered at him. 

"Ohhhh, yes sir..." he moaned.

This game was new to me, but I was catching on fast; probably because men had said the same exact words to me.

I found the lubricating tube and oil inside the drawer. 

"Okay, cunt-boy, put your hands on the counter and lean over...spread your legs for me...that's it, good girl...I'm going to get your pussy nice and wet for my cock!" I said.

I coated the tube with the coconut-scented oil, pressed it to his anus, and gently worked it past the sphincter...removed it, applied more oil and repeated this process until the full six-inches of the tube was inside him.

Suddenly, I thought of what act I wanted him to perform next, so I washed the tube, dipped it in oil again then inserted it into my own asshole. I lubed my anus, and a couple inches inside then cleaned the tube and put it away.

Inside the bedroom I took him in my arms, stroked his pulsating cock, and kissed him. 

"Are you ready for me to turn you into my bitch?" I asked him with a sneer on my face.

I was getting into this role - I almost believed I was a dominant man.

"Ooooooo, yessss...make me your bitch..." he groaned.

His glazed-over eyes and trembling body told me he was past the point of no return. 

I climbed onto the bed, and lay on my back. I hooked my hands behind my knees, raised my legs to my chest then pushed them open far apart. My glistening, puckered anus was exposed to his view.

"Get on the bed, you dirty little bitch and lick my asshole!" I ordered him.

"Ooooooooooooooo..." he moaned as he obeyed my command.

It was too soon after my first orgasm to achieve an erection, but I knew a few minutes of his tongue rimming my asshole would get me hard.

Being his first time, he was tentative and unsure of himself. 

"Lick it, you dirty little bitch!" I ordered him. "Lick between the cheeks and then I'll let you lick my brown hole!"

I heard him gasp then meekly whimper, "Yes, sir - yes, sir."

I laid back and enjoyed the feeling of his wet, fat tongue licking the most private parts of my body.

A troubling thought entered my mind: What if this is who he is? 

It has taken a long time to break down his sexual inhibitions...he is only now opening up and accepting his sexuality...I had assumed all along he was a dominant-type - he loves being sucked and he went bonkers the first time he fucked me...but, what if at the very core of his being he is as submissive as me?

I love Andy, but I love him for the man I thought he was...what if this is who he is? Can I love a man who is just like me?

His tongue was licking and pushing at my anus. My prick was slowly rising. 

I am not sure how, I guess his instincts kicked-in, or he remembered how I did it, but suddenly he curled his tongue and pushed it deeply inside me.

My cock sprang to full erection and I cried out, "OHHHHH-ANDYYYYYYYYYY..."

My skin was covered in goose-pimples. Jolts of electricity raced up-and-down my spine. My body shook and leapt off the bed; he had to hold me in place.

I had never-EVER felt anything as incredible as his long, wet, fat tongue lathering the walls of my asshole. It was alive inside me! A slippery serpent licking every inch of my secret inner sanctum.

I tried to pull away - he would have none of it. He had found the most vulnerable and sensitive part of my body and with his lips pressed firmly around my anus, he plunged his wonderful fat tongue in-and-out of my asshole...in-and-out of my asshole...in-and-out - in-and-out - in-and-out - in-and-out - in-and-out - in-and-out - in-and-out...

My night with Mister X was a deja vu moment of epic proportions. Our role-playing game had been erotic, exciting, and totally perverse. 

As usual, I gave him his first orgasm in the living room, and by the time he took me into the bedroom, I don't think my balls had ever been so swollen and my dick so hard.

The game had proceeded normally, well, you know, as normal as our ofttimes freaky games go, when suddenly as I mounted his rock hard cock, his words to me became so eerily reminiscent of my previous night with Andy they sent shivers racing up and down my spine; each utterance - every turn of phrase seemed to echo the words I had said to Andy just the night before when I had taken his virginity.

"Johnny, are you alright?" asked Timmy after he removed the blindfold and headphones, and I stood on wobbly legs beside the car with him.

"Uh, yeah, I'm fine," I said even though my mind was still enveloped in a heavy fog.

"Was that a little too weird for you tonight?" he asked.
