 Everyone experiments in college. Girls get with girls, guys get with guys, everyone has a bit of fun. Or so I'd been told. So by the time I got into my second year, I was itching to try it out. 

There was sexual tension between me and my roommates from the beginning of the year. I'm Josh, and I shared the hallway with four other guys (Jack, Aiden, Guy and Robbie), each of whom had never done anything with another guy. But the tension was definitely there. We'd make jokes about it. We wouldn't hide our boners, even stroke them sometimes, if only for a laugh. We'd talk in great detail about sex with girls we'd had. 

Our five rooms shared a kitchen and a living space, with three sofas and a chair. We hung out there every night that we weren't out at a party. We'd watch films, chat, and drink.

About two and a half months in to the school year, we were doing just that, when Jack spoke up. "Let's play a game!"

"I'll get the cards," Robbie said, but Jack pulled him down again. "Not a game like that, dumbo."

Robbie went red. "Well what kind of game then?" He had always been the quietest of the group.

"How about truth or dare? Something like that? Oh!" He seemed suddenly struck by inspiration. "I was at Carol's place the other day and she told me about this game, Blindfolded Body Touch!"

I laughed. "Is that exactly how it sounds?"

"All the girls in the room put on a blindfold, each girl is then touched up by a guy, and they have to guess who touched them up. If they're right, the guy drinks, if they're wrong, the girl drinks."

"Problem is," Guy pointed out, "we have no girls." He put on a sad face. "Oh, what we could do if we had a girl."

"We could have a gang bang." This came from Aiden, and was so unexpected I burst out laughing. Robbie spat his drink all over himself. 

Jack put on a thoughtful face. "We could, we could. We'd have to have some ground rules though."

"Like what?" Aiden too looked thoughtful, as if they were discussing philosophy.

"Well, we wouldn't want disputes over who goes where."

"So would we each be assigned a body part, would we go with the flow or would we mix and match?" 

"Well it would be partially the girl's decision, obviously," came Guy's response. He had stopped laughing, and had now taken part in all seriousness. "But I personally think a rotation would be too confusing. We'd have to pick body parts out of a hat or something."

"Two hands, one mouth, an ass and a pussy. That makes five of us," Jack mused. Aiden and Guy nodded in agreement. Jack grabbed a sheet of paper, tore it into five and picked up a pen. He read aloud as he wrote them down. "Hand... Hand... Mouth... Ass... Pussy." He picked up the five pieces of paper, folded them in half and put them in the bowl. He shook them up, covering the top with his hand. 

"I'll deal them out like a pack of cards." He gave one to each of us. I grinned - this was ridiculous. 

"Ass! Score!" Jack yelled, unfolding his. I opened mine - the word Pussy was scrawled across it. Guy and Aiden got hand, which left the mouth for Robbie. "Most action he's ever gonna get," sniggered Guy.

"Well there you go. Perfect, let's have a gang bang!"

I snorted with laughter. "Except we still don't have a girl."

"One of us will have to be the girl." Again, we all laughed at Aiden's comment. 

"Yeah, who's the most girly out of us?" Guy laughed, and pointed at Robbie, who blushed bright red. 

But before he could say anything, Jack came in again. "Except there's only one true test of how manly someone is."

"What's that?" I asked, knowing I'd regret it.

"The size of his package." Again, we all snorted with laughter. "Whoever has the smallest dick is our girl."

Aiden rolled his eyes. "They still wouldn't have a pussy though. So there'd only be four places to fuck."

"Ah, but if one of us is the girl, then there'd only be four of us anyway." Jack rolled his eyes back. Guy nodded thoughtfully.

As I realised that they weren't entirely joking, I also realised that I really wanted this to happen. I wanted to fuck one of them, be it their hand, mouth or ass. I felt my erect dick strain against my jeans. "Okay, so who goes first then?"

"First for what?" Robbie asked.

"First for getting out their dick. Whoever has the smallest dick loses, right? So we need to test that. We need to compare." I reached into my bag, and pulled out a ruler. "Who's up first?"

"Well you've got the ruler," Guy pointed out. "Why don't you go first?" 

I looked around, before shrugging. "Sure, why not?" I undid my flies, slowly, in case one of them yelled out that it was gross. But I got my flies open and none of them said a word. I pulled my trousers down off my legs, revealing my bulge. I slowly pulled down my boxers, revealing my dick. As I uncovered the head, it sprung upright. 

I was proud of my dick, and pretty sure of my victory. It stood tall, thick and powerful. I leant back so to extend it to it's full length, before sliding the ruler alongside it. I measured it closely. "6.9 inches," I proudly announced. "Who's next?"

The others snapped their stare away from my dick and looked at each other. "I'll go next!" said Jack eagerly. He wasted no time in getting his trousers off, and it turned out he wasn't wearing any boxers. But his dick was notably larger than mine. He grabbed the ruler, leant it up against his dick. "7.2 inches, pussy boy," he sniggered at me.

I gave a crooked smile. "Okay, you beat me. Someone else now!" I was eager to find out who the girl was going to be, even though part of me knew it would be Robbie.

Guy shrugged casually and undid his zipper. He was wearing boxers, but they were soon off too. As he was doing this, Aiden began to take his off too. Robbie watched, shocked into stillness. 

"7.7!" Came the response, followed by "8.1" from Aiden. I had been sniggering at Robbie and so hadn't been paying attention. It took a second to register what they'd said.

My head snapped round. There they were, three massive cocks. They towered above mine, and were as thick or thicker too. Aiden grinned smugly. "So it's down to Josh and Robbie. How are your butts feeling?" I flipped him the finger, laughing to myself. Poor Robbie.

Robbie slowly pulled down his trousers and his boxers at the same time, revealing his dick from the shaft to the head like a loading bar. But this loading bar went on forever. When his dick finally sprung upright, it was massive. It towered above everyone else's. He took the ruler, put it alongside. "9.6 inches. I win." Even then, his voice was quiet and shy.

I was in a state of shock. No way was Robbie's dick that big. I slowly became aware of everyone looking at me. After a few moments I realised why.

"Hey there baby." Jack grinned at me. "I guess you're the girl."

I didn't know what to say. I was frozen, uncomprehending. Jack came over and pulled me to my feet.

"Well it's lucky Josh got pussy. Now we've each got our place," Jack continued. "Everyone into positions!" 

Before I knew it, Jack was behind me, and Guy and Aiden on either side. Robbie hesitated, before pulling himself up and standing in front of me. There was a pause, as all four dicks pointed inwards at me. They were all shaved, and they were all hard. I heard Jack sit down on the sofa behind me. "Come and sit on my dick, then."

I still didn't know what to do. Guy interrupted. "C'mon, let's not be mean." I felt relief, but it didn't last long. "At least give the guy some lube!" He continued with a laugh. 

Aiden produced a squeezey bottle of lube from out of his back, much to the amusement of the others. Jack began to massage his dick behind me, lubing it up from the bottle. 

This time it was Robbie that spoke up. "You know you would've done it to me, Josh. And you know you want this. C'mon, let's do this." He grinned at me, for once not blushing. He put his hands on my shoulders and pushed me backwards, slowly. 

Before I realised what was happening, I had been pushed down far enough for the head of Jack's dick to be pressing against my hole. I gave a gasp of shock, trying to steady myself, but Robbie keep slowly pushing. After a few seconds, my ass gave way, and I began to sink onto Jack's dick.

I was about to struggle and jump away, but as soon as he was even a little bit in me I stopped. I felt myself fill up, not just with his dick but with pleasure like I'd never felt. It was completely different to pleasure from my dick, but it made my dick stand bolt upright. It hurt too, quite a lot, but Robbie was pushing slowly, and Jack had enough lube on his dick for my ass to expand to fit it. I sunk further and further, burying his cock deeper into my ass. 

Jack, horny beyond patience, suddenly sprung his hips up and thrust the remainder of his dick into my ass. I cried out, first from pain but soon enough from pleasure. He moaned with me as I enveloped his dick in my ass. He sat back down, taking me with him so that I was completely impaled on his dick. 

I was now at face height with the three other dicks pointed at me. Without thinking, driven by my arousal, I raised my hands and grabbed Guy and Aiden's dicks firmly around the shaft. I began to stroke them up and down. They felt huge in my hands, and meaty. Both twitched erratically as I began to pleasure them, which only made me stroke faster.

As I stroked them, Jack began to rock back and forth, pulling his dick in and out of my ass. I closed my eyes in pain, and then moaned with pleasure. His dick seemed to apply a deep, throbbing pressure to some pleasure centre inside me that I didn't even know existed. I forced myself to relax my ass, and to stop clenching. Jack felt this and instantly started pumping harder. Now that I was relaxed, it was able to slide in smoothly. I began to jerk Guy and Aiden off in time to Jack's pumps, so that the four of us were rocking together. 

Jack reached around and curled his hand around my dick. It ached for pleasure, standing more erect in his hand than it had ever done before. He soon began to wank me off in time with everyone else.

Once I was in the rhythm, I opened my eyes. My field of vision was dominated by Robbie's massive cock, stiff and pointing directly at me. I slowly leaned forward, moving my head towards it. I parted my mouth, wet my lips, touched my mouth on the head of his dick and pushed forwards. Slowly, little by little, his dick pushed into my mouth, until his head was completely in. The feeling of a huge cock in my mouth made me feel like a slut, but was more of a turn-on than any of the stuff before. I stopped pushing forwards, and ran my tongue along the underside of the head. It tasted slightly salty, slightly sweaty. I ran my tongue over the top of the head, before flicking the end gently. 

Robbie's moans of pleasure joined the rest of ours, until you couldn't tell who was making which sound. I moaned into Robbie's dick, accompanying it by a stroke of the tongue. After a few more licks, I decided to press on. I began to once again press my lips over his dick, sliding them down his shaft and filling up my mouth. As I slid into it, I ran my tongue over the base, tracing veins on the shaft. 

I had read somewhere that squeezing your thumb overrides your gag reflex, but seeing as my hands were both busy I just had to do it without help. I tried as best as I could to relax my throat, trying to imitate my ass which was being steadily pounded. I pushed forwards, feeling the head of Robbie's massive cock press into the back of my mouth. My uvula was pushed backwards and his cock entered my throat. My eyes watered as I desperately tried not to gag. I pressed my lips over his shaft, pressed my tongue upwards into him and gave one last push. The whole head of his dick slid into my throat. I held it there for a couple of seconds before pulling back and moaning in triumph.

He was quivering with pleasure as I pulled back, but I didn't give him much rest. I pulled back until only the head was in my mouth, before plunging forwards again and taking him into my mouth, although not into my throat this time. I did this again and again, slowly speeding up my motion. His moans became more urgent and high pitched. 

I moved my hands from Guy and Aiden's dicks, and began to massage their balls. From Guy I got nothing, so I soon moved my hand back to his dick, but from Aiden I got a sharp gasp of pleasure. I smiled inwardly, and cradles his balls in my hand. They were hot, and dangled down loosely so that I could easily focus on just the balls inside. I used one finger to rub the area between the ass and the balls, something I'd learnt from wanting a few months earlier. Aiden responded even better to this, occasionally jerking and shaking with pleasure. 

I flipped back to his dick, keeping my finger rubbing that area. But after about five pumps, he twitched with a spurt of pleasure and came. Thick wads of cum pumped out, splattering the side of my face and neck and even some of Robbie's dick, which I licked off on my next pump. This too was salty, and surprisingly warm. 

Jack laughed. "You came early! You're even more of a girl than Josh!" I thought this was unfair, as I knew only two well how good that particular method was (although I was still going, even with a dick in my ass). 

Robbie let out a half laugh, half moan. "Maybe you should be sucking me instead."

"Or better still," Jack came in again, "you should be sucking Josh. "

To Aiden's credit, he didn't even hesitate. In seconds he was on all fours, pushing his head between me and Robbie. Jack removed his hand as Aiden lowered his head onto my dick. The soft warmth of his lips on my cock was ecstasy, especially combined with the bulging dick in my ass. I saw his squeeze his thumb out of the corner of my eye, and he plunged his head forwards. I felt his throat give way and my dick slowly pushed down inside him. My moans increased. 

I was only vaguely aware of Guy stepping backwards, moving his dick out of range of my hand. He grabbed the bottle of lube, and began slathering his cock with it. I prepared myself to continue wanking him, but instead he walked around and knelt behind Aiden. Jack laughed and Aiden squealed with surprise as Guy slowly pushed his dick into Aiden's ass. After a few seconds, Aiden's squeals became moans of pleasure and Guy pushed further and further into him. 

I now had two spare hands. One of them went to Aiden's head, rhythmically pressing it down onto my cock. The other went to the base of Robbie's cock. I withdrew my mouth, instead grabbing his dick with my hand. I sensed his disappointment, until I lowered my head and took his balls in my mouth. These were warm and sweaty, with a tangy taste that for some reason really excited me. I sucked gently on one of his balls, before using my tongue to cradle the other. His moans became more erratic. 

It wasn't til Robbie said, "I'm gonna cum" that I realised how close I was. Guy and Jack grunted in agreement. By now, both were pumping quite fast into me and Aiden. I began to grind down onto Jack's dick, pushing him as far into me as he could go with each deep thrust. I took Robbie's bulging cock back into my mouth, now using my hands to play with his balls. All of our moans built up in intensity, each of us getting closer to finishing. 

Jack and Guy, now pumping in unison, seemed to cum at exactly the same time. I felt hot cum pump deep into my ass, filling me up and swirling over my G-spot. They both let out a deep, loud moan as they emptied themselves into our asses. It felt so good that I grabbed Aiden's head, pumped hard into his throat twice and came, hard. He spluttered as my cum filled his mouth and throat, and cum dripped out his mouth as he desperately tried to swallow what he could. 

As I twitched and moaned in pleasure, I felt an equal desperation to finish Robbie. I pumped my mouth over him hard and fast, squeezing his balls and pressing into the area just behind them. After around ten pumps, he grabbed my head and shoved his cock deep into me, slamming my nose against his stomach. His dick forced itself into my throat, and was spurting out cum before I could even start choking. I tried to control it and swallow what I could, and managed some before the rest dribbled out of my mouth as I spluttered for air. 

I sat there, impaled on my friend's cock, drenched in my other friends' cum. I felt like a slut, like their whore, their plaything.

And I loved it.