 There he was again, his tight camo pants stretched over that hot bubble ass. Damn for someone who was so hot, it was too bad that he never got those filters that most people have that keep them from saying stupid things. Oh well, it was a judo class, so you can't expect Miss Manners behavior I guess. 

"Hey Shane, how are things going today"

"Fuckin' assholes, I had to have my goddamn physical today. Every time the fuckin' doctor sticks his finger in my asshole, I squirt cum all over the goddamn table!"

What! Wait, What! Ok Matt, pull it together "Damn Shane, what do you do?"

"Nah, its not that fuckin' of a big deal. I just tell him to give me a fuckin' paper towel so I can clean up the mess." he drawled.

"Damn Shane, you'd make a hot fuck!" 

Wait, What did I just say? Why the hell did I say that, and where did it come from. Damn, I don't hit on the students. Not that there haven't been some that I've jacked-off thinking about, the class is almost all college guys. I've got to watch what comes out of my mouth before I out myself to the whole class! Ok, calm down, calm down. He's so dense he probably didn't even notice you said it.

I continued to walk around the room, helping whoever needed it. Since Shane was the junior black belt in the class, he was doing the same with other students. It's a pretty large class so there was plenty to do, but occasionally I caught Shane glancing over at me. I started to wonder if the dense little army boy had heard me after all. Great, now I'll have to deal with someone with the social skills of a two year old in a large, very hot, 21 year old body. Oh well, nothing to do now but deal with whatever happens. We worked through all the drills and it came time to demo the new stuff. Nice slow throws for the newbies.

"Shane, come here and let me show osoto-gari," I called out. He trotted over, obedient as always. One thing about ROTC guys, they can follow instruction. As he came across the mat, I noticed the fine sheen of sweat across his face. Damn, his chiseled jaw is hot too, with just a day or so growth of beard. Man that would feel great to run my lips over and taste. Oh fuck! I'm doing it again. Fortunately the gi pants cover my stiffening baby-maker. I don't know what is up with me today. Shit! Focus Matt!

"Ok, so this is the right way to do it. Drop your center below that of your partner and . . ." as I take them through it step by step. Throwing Shane over and over with grabs to the front of his gi, I am intoxicated by the steamy smell of hot man pulsing up from his open gi top. I noticed again the nice fan of chest hair between his pecs and the darker trail down to . . . Crap, I'm doing it again. I've got to finish this session and get home to flog my stiff rod. Yeah, that must be it. I'm just fucking horny and need to shoot off a load.

"Ok, everyone work in pairs and we'll come around and help," I said to the class.

We made the rounds, working with the other students. Fortunately the rest of the session went fast, and we moved off the mat to change clothes. Watching as Shane bent over and dropped his gi pants to change, I stared at his round, hard, bubble ass and the dusting of hair coming out the top of this boxers. As I leered at his round ass and nicely furred legs, I realized that he was talking to me.

"Yeah, sorry. What did you say Shane?"

"Fuck Matt, where is your head, you were just staring at me like, fuck."

"Sorry Shane, just zoning. What's up?"

"I was wondering if you wanted to come over and have a beer or three. You know just fuckin' relax for a while and chill out."

I looked over as he pulled on those damn tight army camo pants. With the zipper still open they gathered around his basket and made it bulge out even bigger than usual. I watched as Shane grabbed his package, shoved it in and then quickly zipped his pants. I realized that my cock was hard as granite and I still hadn't answered him. As I answered, it dawned on me that he's never invited me over before, but apparently my throbbing dick had interfered with my ability to think.

"Sure Shane, I could use a brew to take the edge off."

I tossed the rest of my gear in my bag and followed him out to the parking lot, watching his tight ass as we walked out. 

"Ok, I'll follow you. Just don't drive like a bat outta hell and lose me, because I don't know where the hell you live."

Shane laughed as he opened the door to his pickup, swinging up he yelled out, 

"Just keep up old man, if you want the beer." 

He took off as I fumed over his comment. I might be 32, but I'm not an old man and at 6' 2" and 210 pounds of judo muscle, I can whip his little punk ass! Well at least I think I can. As the sting started to recede from his comment, I realized I was pulling into the apartment parking lot. Following him to the door, I have a strong urge to grab his ass as he paused to get the door open. 

When it finally opened, my senses were assaulted with the typical smells of a college age male who lived alone, the scent of a locker room with the careful undertone of dried cum. Not a bad smell really. I flung myself into the chair as he disappeared into his room. Flipping though the TV channels, I tried to work through what was happening, then he reappeared in nothing but a pair of athletic shorts. His bare chest was still gleaming with sweat. 

He grabbed a 12 pack of beer from the fridge and tossed me one. Dropping into one of the other chairs, he propped his feet up. Looking at me, he smiled and said, "I hate those fuckin pants, they cut my nuts in half." 

He laughed to himself as he reached between his legs to readjust himself. I chuckled as I turned back to the television. Watching the TV, I nursed the beer and slowly finished it. Setting it down I looked at Shane and realized that he has finished off half of the beers, and looked much more relaxed. I popped open my second beer and glanced over, only to have Shane meet my gaze and smile,

"So do you really want to fuck my ass?"

I choked and barely kept from spewing beer everywhere. "What? What'd you say?"

"You heard me. You wanna fuck my ass?" he slurred with a leer on his face. 

Briefly I thought I shouldn't, he's my student, I'm 10 years older, then my cock started thinking for me and said 'Fuck him!' 

"You want to get fucked Shane? You want a thick, hard cock up that tight college ass of yours?"

In answer, he moved to his knees with that round, nylon-covered ass stuck in the air. Laying his face against the padding on the back, he looked at me and smiled, wiggling his butt.

I thought, ok fucker but we're doing this my way since I'm sure this is a one time thing. I stood up and moved behind, grabbed his butt in both hands and squeezed hard.

"Ok Shane, but we're going to have some fun first."

"Whatever fucker, but I'm not doing any of that fag stuff," he said with a sneer. 

I briefly wondered what he thought getting a cock up your ass was, but quickly refocused on the muscled butt being presented to me. Reaching up, I peeled down his shorts and as his ivory white ass came into view, I realized he had taken off his underwear too. As I pulled the shorts down as far as I could, I opened the globes of his ass and was inundated by the aroma of pure, hot man. 

His pink, wrinkled eye flexed and puckered as I softly blew across it. This elicited a low moan from Shane as he opened his legs wider. I stared at the beautiful sight in front of me. The nicely haired crack of his ass, lightly forested with dark blond hair. Blowing across his pink pucker, I slip a finger in my mouth, coating it with my spit. Using the wet finger, I started slicking down the hair around his gateway. Rubbing and exploring each crevasse with my slick finger, I look to see what effect I'm having on my tight assed military boy. Then I leaned in, pushing his melon halves apart even further, and ran my tongue over his convulsing hole.

"Fuck, Oh holy fuck! What the hell are you doing"

I sat back on my heels and continued to rub my finger over his now twitching hole. 

"You want me to stop?"

"Goddamn no, it's just. Oh fuck . . ." 

As I resumed my work on his tight college boy hole, he degenerated to a series of moans and soft profanity. As his hole loosened, I slipped the end of my finger to the first knuckle, then bury it deep in his boy tunnel and started finger fucking him slowly.

"How about now Shane, was that what you wanted?" His head tossing and groans was all the response I got. Smiling, I dove back between his flexing cheeks and buried my face in his ass crack, licking, biting and tongue fucking his tight hole like a man starving for fresh college hole. 

"holyfuckingmotherofgod?! Motherfucker! Goddamn!!" 

His head went down, as more and loader moans rolled from his mouth. Shane wretched his legs further apart, ripping the shorts incasing his knees. Stopping long enough to throw the tattered shorts to the floor, I plunged my face back in his ass crack, running my chin stubble over his twitching hole and tongue fucking him hard and fast. I buried my tongue deeper and deeper into the moist interior of his gut. His moans and screams escaladed until I knew every neighbor had to be hearing him.

"Yes, yes! FUCK! Fuck my tight hole! Bury that tongue in my hole!! Fuck! FFFUUUUCCCCKKKK!!!! I'M CUMMMIN'!!!!"

And with that his hole clenched down on my tongue and his back arched as he started shooting ribbon after ribbon of white hot cum across the chair. As he gasped for air, I again buried my face in his hole. Prying his now clenched hole open with my tongue until he finally relaxed.

"Oh fuck, Matt. Goddamn that was. Oh fucker I've never came that hard"

"Wait Shane, just wait. We aren't there yet. Do you have lube?"

He weakly motioned to the end of the couch. Leaning around, I found the bottle of lube left from his last jackoff session. Working globs of lube into his asshole, I first slide one, then two and finally three fingers deep into his rapidly loosening hole. With my cock as hard as a steel pipe, I was so horny that gentle was not going to be part of what I was about to do. I started ramming all three fingers into his ass, grazing his butt nut with my fingers and got a loud groan in response. 

"Shit man yeah! That's it! That feels so good," said Shane as he moaned and thrashed under me. 

"That's nothing Shane, just wait until you get the main event."

Standing, I pulled down my gym pants and revealed my stuffed jock strap. Shane watched as I slowly push it down, my aching cock springing free with a wet slap against my stomach. Drenched in precum, I ran my finger around the head and smiled at Shane.

"This what you want big boy? You want some hard, thick cock in your tight college asshole."

Shane was almost drooling as he looked at my cock jutting above my low hanging nuts. He licked his lips as I rubbed my finger over the cock head, that was purple in anticipation. 

"Yeah, fuck me Matt, fuck me hard."

Moving behind him, I open his cheeks with one hand while sliding my wet slippery cock head against his well-worked hole. Pressing against it, we both moaned loudly as the heat at the point of joining feels like molten lava. Pressing into his ass, I watched the head of my throbbing cock slide into Shane. I felt the resistance of his sphincter, but with a slight thrust of my hips, my cock pop past it, taking his boy cherry. I rammed in forcefully to the hilt, rubbing my pubes against his tight ass.

"Ohgoddamn!Fuckinghell!! It fuckin hurts like a mother fucker!" screamed Shane as he squirmed in my hands. I reached under him and grabbed his wet, dripping cock in my hand and started jacking him. 

"Relax Shane, it will be much better in a minute. Relax."

As I worked his cock, I felt his muscles loosen as he began fucking himself on my cock. Rising, I pulled my cock almost out and then watched as his ass ate my cock as I pressed back into him. He began moving faster, slamming back as I thrust into him.

"Oh yeah, Matt. Fuck me...ram it in. Fuck my army asshole."

Only too happy to comply, I start long dicking his ass. Pulling almost out, ramming back in, building speed as I screwed him.

"That what you want army boy? Need some thick, hard cock in that tight hole of yours"

"Yes, sir! Fuck me, sir!"

Oh, so we have a little fantasy going on here too. Good enough, Shane, I'm happy to plug your ass and let you dream about getting a good army fuck. Grabbing his hips with both hands, I started pounding his ass hard and fast. Angling down a little more, I started using my cock as a battering ram on his prostate. As he screamed out in pleasure, I felt my nuts tighten and knew I wouldn't last long. Slamming hard into his ass, I felt the cum boil out of my full nuts.

"Take it Shane! I'm fillin' your ass with my load!"

I raggedly slammed into his ass a few more times as my orgasm enveloped me. Pinning his ass in a vice-like grip, I buried the final pulses deep in his ass.

"Fuck! Take it!"

As the volleys of cum filled Shane's ass, he pushed back hard against me as his cock shot off round after round of cum.

"DAMNIT! SHIT!!"

We both shuttered as the last cum drained from our balls. As we collapsed in a heap, my cock popped out of his well-used hole. I held him as we both returned to earth.

"Damn Shane. Damn..."

He nodded, still gasping for air. As I looked back, I saw my cum running down his ass and drip off his nuts. I chuckled and looked at him.

"Maybe you need a shower."

Gathering himself up, he walked to the bedroom. Looking over his shoulder at me, "Yeah, I got an early day tomorrow. See you at class on Thursday."

"Oh, yeah. Ok. Later."

I pulled on my clothes and left, wondering what problems I had created for myself...

<><><><><><>