 After the response to the initial story, I decided I needed this kid to fuck me. Many great responses from Literotica readers swayed my opinion, and since I was hot for his cock anyway, led me to play with him again.

I reached him online, and he told me that he just got out of class at the university and could be here in fifteen minutes. I agreed and went to prepare for his arrival. I rarely use the bedroom for guy sex, but I knew that's where he would want to take me. I laid out a bottle of lube and a condom, just to be ready.

He arrived, and we immediately began kissing. It felt strange, kissing this guy who was half my age, but it served a purpose and got both our cocks hard. I reached down and rubbed him through his running shorts, and he moaned at the contact. He reached for my belt and zipper, and we pulled away long enough to strip and resume kissing. He relaxed back on the couch and pulled me on top of him, both of us rubbing our dicks together as we kissed, getting hotter by the minute.

I moved down to his erect cock, and began to lick. He moaned and held my head to his crotch, pulling his cock into my mouth, and forcing me to take it deep. I sucked him like that for a few minutes, and he finally let my head go, so I moved down and began licking his balls. His moans of encouragement told me that he liked what I was doing, so I continued. After a few minutes of this, he pulled my head up and told me he didn't want to cum too soon. He then looked at me and asked me what I wanted.

I sighed, and told him that I really wanted him to fuck me, but that I was tight and he needed to be patient and go slowly. He nodded, and asked where, and I told him we would go to the bedroom. His face lit up at this, and he jumped off the couch and headed for the bathroom, saying he'd be right back.

I went to the bedroom and lay down with my butt in the air, giving him a nice view of his target. He came into the room and took note of my butt, telling me he thought I had a nice ass, and that he was going to enjoy taking me. Promising to be gentle, he began rubbing his cock on my ass and nuzzling my neck.

Just as I was getting used to that, he moved back and spread my ass, then slowly began licking my hole. It felt really good, and helped me relax. I pointed out the lube and the condom, and he said he had seen them and continued rimming my tight ass. He did this for several minutes as I moaned and enjoyed it, then I heard him open the bottle of lube.

I felt his finger slowly circling my hole, getting it wet with lube, and then he began a gentle penetration. I groaned, as my hole was very tight, and I've never been much for having it fingered. He told me to just relax, that he knew what he was doing, and to just let him do his thing. I tried to relax, as I knew that I wanted his cock, but it was still not easy.

After a few minutes of gentle finger-fucking, he slid a second finger into me and really began spreading my ass. It hurt a bit, but I relaxed and tried to picture his cock entering me. Moments later, I felt him get up and heard the rustle of the Trojan being opened.

I rose up to see him, and caught the last half-inch of the rubber going down his cock. It looked impossibly huge in the dim light, but thin, long and stiff, and I knew that I wanted it inside me. He moved back to the bed, and I closed my eyes and felt his rubbered cock teasing my hole.

"Don't tease me, dammit, put it in before I change my mind!" I growled, and he gently laughed. Suddenly, I felt the head of his cock pop into my ass, and I groaned at the intrusion.

He leaned over me and said "Hmmm, is Daddy hot for cock? Does Daddy want to be fucked? I'm not going any further until Daddy begs for it!"

I hadn't planned on having to beg for it, but it was too late to turn back now and I was too horny to stop! "You know I want it, put that dick in me and fuck me! Come on, take my tight ass!"

He laughed again, and then I felt his weight on my back as his cock entered me all the way. He was very insistent, but gentle, and I felt my hole opening up to take his meat. It hurt, but not too much, and before I knew it I could feel his balls slapping my ass. He began a slow steady thrusting, impaling me with most of his cock on each stroke, and then thrusting deeper every few thrusts.

I groaned into the pillows as he fucked me, telling him to go slowly but to keep going. He did so, keeping his thrusts shallow but firm, and then he reached around to pull me up. He maneuvered us back into the classic doggy style, then reached with one hand to pull my nipples as he pumped. This got me very hot, and I moaned for him to keep going.

He kept pumping me faster and a bit harder, and it was beginning to hurt. I knelt and continued to take his cock, since that was what I had asked him to do, and he leaned back into me and asked me where I wanted him to cum. Since he was wearing a rubber, I asked him to pull out and shoot it on my face.

He slowly removed his cock from my ass, and we both groaned at the change. He pulled the rubber off and tossed it aside, then began to jack his cock. I flipped over and lay underneath him, waiting for that hot sticky sperm I was craving.

I didn't have to wait long, as his cock was drooling precum and it looked ready to burst at any moment. He groaned that he was cumming, and told me to take it all, which I certainly did! Sperm rained down on my face and chest, and it seemed like he must have saved it up for a week as I was almost drowning in it. Finally it stopped, and he panted and collected his breath. He stood up and moved back to the bathroom to clean up.

I watched him get dressed, still nude, his cum running down my face and chest. He thanked me for a great time, and said he hoped we could play again soon, then patted my ass as he went to the door. Once he was safely out, I retreated to the bedroom to finish getting off, scooping his cum off my chest with my fingers and licking them clean while I jacked my dick. I shot a huge load, then took my sore bottom and the rest of me to the hot shower.

I hope you enjoyed reading this as much as I enjoyed writing it and experiencing it. I love feedback, so tell me your thoughts. I also love cock, so if you're in the west central Texas area, maybe we could share an afternoon worth writing about!