 Recap:

Theo asked, "How was that?"

Shock was written all over Devante's face. 

Chapter 5:

Devane was too disgusted to respond. Instead he just turned over and tried to go to bed. At 6am, before Theo awoke Devante got out of bed found his clothes and left. Knowing it was too early to go home, he went to a local dinner. He just couldn't stand the thought of lying in bed next to Theo another second.

After grabbing breakfast and taking a soothing walk around campus, Devante made his way back to his room. 

Opening the door he heard "Devante... Dude where you been?"

"Oh, I spent the night at Theo's"

"So what, now you're ditching me for Theo. You didn't even like him at first. I see how it is..."

"What the fuck are you talking about? Last night you told me to get lost so you could fuck that chick and that's exactly what I did. Where is she anyway?"

"I don't fucking remember that. I think I went a little too hard last night. Long story short I don't remember anything from after we got to the party." Spencer said jokingly. "And by the looks of this fat woody I'm pretty sure I didn't get any last night either" he said as he lifted up the cover to reveal his morning wood in all its glory.

Seeing Spencer's dick brought back memories of last night that were all too fresh in Devante's mind. He immediately looked away and walked over and sat at his desk.

"What all did you and Theo end up doing last night anyway? I wanna hear everything."

Devante starts to panic a little. He realizes that he can't tell his roommate that he let another man touch his dick let alone that he had passionately kissed him and let him suck his nipples. His face showed obvious distress.

"Nothing to really tell. I went over there and went to sleep."

"How was his place. It was probably sweet wasn't it?"

"I don't know" Devante said rather irritatedly. "I mean I guess"

"Dude, wassup with you" Spencer said standing up and walking in Devante's direction. "You're on edge over here.

"Nothing! I just didn't sleep good. That's all."

"Loosen up a bit Devante" Spencer said as lunged at him and began to play wrestle. 

At first Devante joined in and pinned Spencer down against the bed, but then Spencer flipped Devante over onto his back and was pinned one of his arms with his leg and tightly gripped the other unknowing resting his dick against Devante's chin.

"Dude if you don't get your floppy white boy dick off my favec I'mma have to beat the shit out of you."

Spencer laughed. "Oh, my bad" then rolled over to sit on the other side of the bed. 

Just then the door flies open and in walks Jeff. 

"Shit am I interrupting something?"

"Have you ever heard of knocking Jeff" Devante asked?

"Have you ever heard of locking the door" responded Jeff. "Shit, let me lose my clothes too then" Jeff announced before dropping his pants and revealing that he too believes in going commando. 

"Naw man it ain't even that kind of party!" Devante quickly spoke up.

Before he knew it Jeff was already naked and locking the door. 

"Man just relax it's no big deal" stated Spencer

"Yeah, it's not like you've never seen a dick before! Why don't you just try it? It's so comfortable" added Jeff.

"Naw, I'm straight. I'll pass on that, but what are yall up to today anyway?"

"Well WE, including you, are about to hang out and play some video games and then tonight hopefully something will be happening around the dorms. I heard something about a floor meeting too!" commented Jeff.

"I guess! What we playing first then?"

After playing Battlefield for 2 and a half hours there was a knock at the door. Since Spencer was not currently in the game he got up and opened the door.

At the door was Lance. Seeing the two naked boys obviously caught him a little by surprise as he had to do a double take to make sure his eyes were not deceiving him. Hesitantly he said "Hey guys, for those of you who don't know me, my name is Lance and I am the RA for this floor."

Devante looked up, "Oh yeah, hey dude wassup" recalling bumping into him the previous day. 

"I'm just going door to door to remind people that the floor meeting is tonight at 6 in my room. I just want to make sure that no one forgets."

Spencer, speaking up for the whole group, announces "We'll be there! You don't have to worry about us."

"I am a bit worried about yall if yall show up like you are right now" Lance said looking Spencer up and down.

Noticeably embarrassed and turning red, Jeff spoke up "Shit, I totally forgot! But come on man, it ain't like it's something you aint never seen before."

"Hey man, I don't judge. I just ask that you show a little more discretion at tonight's meeting and in the hallways. That's all!"

Both Jeff and Spencer nod in agreement.

"Well I have a couple more doors to knock on so I'm gonna get moving, but I'll see you guys later." 

Not a minute before the door closes they are back to playing video games. After another 30 minutes, Spencer turns to the others and says "I just realized that I haven't eaten all day. Let's go grab some grub."

"Who the fuck still uses the word GRUB?" asked Devante.

"Man shut the fuck up!" replied Spencer "Can we just go check out that dining hall over in Smith Hall?"

"ActuallY I'm hungry too! I'm in" commeneted Jeff.

After getting dressed the three headed out the door. Not only did they go out and find food, they even took some time to familiarize themselves with the campus prior to the hustle and bustle of the first week of classes in a few days. By the time they got back it was time for them to head down to Lance's room.

The meeting was pretty standard with Lance outling the general rooms and policies of the dorm. At the end of the meeting Lance informed all of the residents that he would like to briefly meet with each room individually to get to know them. He told them to sign up for a time when both roommates were free outside the door.

Spencer looked over at Devante "Wanna see if he can just do our right now and get it over with?"

"I don't care. Ain't like I got shit to do."

As the crowd began to thin, Spencer walked over to Lance and asked, "Do you have time to do ours right now so we can just get this over with?"

"Just get this over with... Wow! Well aren't you excited?

"I didn't mean it like that, I was just saying"

"Naw, I understand. I'm actually on my way out but I guess I got a sec. That is, if you don't mind if I change while we talk, which based on earlier I couldn't imagine that you would."

By now the room was clear and everyone had left but Devante and Jeff.

"That's cool, and Jeff is going to join us. He's basically our other roommate since he lives in a single at the end of the hall."

"Damn dude, you got this placed decked out. This big ass TV, a bedroom and a living room, and you got yo own private bathroom." Commented Devante.

"Hey man, just part of the job" Lance said removing his shirt and applying some deodorant. "So tell me a little bit about you guys."

Jeff started, "Well I'm originally from Chicago, me and Spencer went to high school together and I'm here majoring in computer science and... what else what else... That's basically it. I like to play video games and kick back."

"Ok, interesting! What about you?" he said pointing at Spencer before lowering his pants and throwing his boxers in the hamper. 

"Well, I'm here studying electrical engineering, actually my dad went here to for undergrad. I mean there's nothing special about me. I'm pretty easy going and just looking to have a kick ass freshmen year."

"You heard the rules early right? I'm all about you having a little fun and me being laid back but you start doing stupid stuff and I'll have to show you a whole 'nother side of me" Lance said before bending over to look in his drawer for some new boxers.

"Oh, show us a whole new side of you? Kinda like you're doing now huh?" Devante said as he looked over to see a full view of Lances beautiful rose bud, puckering pink hole. 

"Listen! Don't judge me cuz I surely didn't judge yall when I came down there earlier after yall had just got done with your little circle jerk did I?"

"We did not have a circle jerk. They just like being naked!" Devante said.

"What's your deal anyway?"

"Well, I'm from St. Louis. I'm an only child so it's a little weird sharing a room with someone, especially someone naked, but I'm like Spencer just trying to have a good time. Oh and I'm studying Business."

Putting on a fresh pair of boxer, Lance sat down on his bed. "You guys seem like some good kids, so I'll be real with you. I don't really care if you drink or smoke in the dorms just be smart about it. If you drink don't run up and down the hallways with beer bottles and if you smoke atleast open the windows and stuff a towel under the door. And what ever you do, do not parade around the hall naked. At least put a towel on."

"Shit this guy is pretty cool" Spencer screams.

"Now get out, I got a hot date and I need to get ready!"

"Oh, someone's getting laid tonight" said Jeff.

"Hopefully, or else I'll be joining you guys for tomorrow's circle jerk" Lance said laughing.

"You got jokes huh?" Devante said as they proceeded to leave the room.

They all went back to the room and played a couple more hours of video games until finally they decided to call it a night and Jeff went back to his room.

As usual, Spencer stripped down to nothing and hopped in the bed while Devante kept on his boxers and tshirt. Before going to bed Devante pulled out his phone to set an alarm for him to wake up tomorrow when he saw he had a text.

It was from Theo. It said, "I noticed you left early this morning. Are we cool?" Devante didn't respond. Instead he said good night to Spencer and turned over to go to sleep.

After reading this text message, Devante could not fall asleep. The thoughts of the previous night kept coming to his mind. How he kissed Theo and let him suck on his nipple. What did that mean?

Devante just laid in his bed motionless. 5 minutes turned into 10. 10 turned into 15, and 15 turned into a half an hour. Suddenly, there was so noise coming from Spencer's bed, a little rustling. Then all of a sudden Spencer stood up. Not in the mood to talk, quickly Devante closed his eyes to pretend he was sleeping. Spencer stood over him for a second then walked over to the closet and grabbed something, but Devante couldn't make it out.

He then returned to his bed but the noise continued. The noise seemed very familiar. Opening his eyes slightly, he could see that Spencer was beating off.

"Uuuhhhhmmmm, yeah!" Spencer moaned softly. His big mushroom cock head glistened in the glow from the night sky. Slowly up and down, up and down, Spencer stroked his cock. The precum was flowing pretty heavily. The moans got louder as his hips started to move to meet his hands. He was really bucking and now he used two hands.

After a couple minutes of this, Spencer's body started to tense up and cum started flying out of his dick. The first shot went pretty far landing next to Spencer on his pillow, the next landing on his face a little even on his lip. The rest shot high up on his chest.

Devante was surprised by what came next. Spencer actually liked his lips and tasted the cum that had landed on his face.

Devante moved slightly to adjust himself in his boxer briefs which startled Spencer. Spencer quickly grabbed the underwear that was on the side of the bed and cleaned himself up, looking over at Devante to see if he was awake. 

Just then Devante's phone vibrated with a text coming in. Spencer stood up to see what it was and picked up Devante's phone. Inside his head, Devante was cursing himself for not putting a lock on his phone, but before now he had never needed one.

Spencer almost dropped the phone when he read the message.

----------

This is chapter 5 of College Roommates Meet. Now that we have got things going, I think time can start moving a little faster. I hope you enjoyed. Please email me via the CONTACT tab on my profile with any comments, questions, critics, or suggestions and as always, stay tuned. 