 Recap:

Just then Devante's phone vibrated with a text coming in. Spencer stood up to see what it was and picked up Devante's phone. Inside his head, Devante was cursing himself for not putting a lock on his phone, but before now he had never needed one.

Spencer almost dropped the phone when he read the message.

Chapter 6:

After regaining his composure, Spencer put the phone back down and finished cleaning the dried up cum off his body. He then got back in bed and fell fast asleep.

Hearing Spencer start to snore, Devante couldn't help but to rub one off after seeing his roommate in such bliss after his little wank session; but first, he had to see who in the world was texting him in the middle of the night.

So Devante turns over and grabs his phone. The first thing that he reads is the from line. "NEW MESSAGE: Theo" then his eyes almost popped out of his head when he read "I see I went too far with you last night when I jerked you off. Man I'm sorry. Please don't be on that"

"Oh shit" he thought to himself. "This is not happening. Spencer did not just read that." 

Now with his anger building, and the mood ruined, he just turned over and called it a night.

The next morning, Devante woke up to a sleeping Spencer as usual. With this being their last day until the actual start to classes there wasn't much planned. 

Devante grabbed his shower stuff and headed down the hallway to sneak in a quick shower. When he walked in, standing in all his glory, was a naked Lance.

"Hey Devante" said Lance

"Damn, dude! Cover up" Devante said

"You're sure one to talk" Lance chuckled

Both guys laughed it off as Lance continued to dry off and wrap his towel around his waste.

"Just for the record, you've never seen me naked, just those other two bozos!"

"That's true. What do you guys have planned for today?"

"Nothing so far. Probably just sum video games or something."

"Well you know over in the union they are having the clubs fair. I think yall should check that out!"

"Oh word? Aight, we just might slide through there."

"Let me know what you think." Lance said as he grabbed the rest of his stuff and left the showers. Devante took his time showering in no rush to head back to his room. When he did return, Spencer was already awake and stirring.

"Hey man, why didn't you wake me up this morning" asked Spencer.

"Huh" replied Devante rather confused.

"Were you just gonna let me sleep all day and waste our last day before classes started?"

"Oh... Uhm... I didn't know you wanted me to wake you up."

"It's cool. Anyway, what's the plan for today?"

"So we cool?" Devante asked blatantly.

"What you mean are we cool? We been living together almost a week and you just now trying to figure out if we cool?"

"Naw, I mean..." then he thought for a second about the fact that he pretended to be asleep when Spencer read the text message. "Nothing man. Anyway Lance just told me about this club fair that I think we should go to. We can checkout what kinda shit they got to do here when we not in class. Call Jeff up and see if he wants to go."

Spencer called him and before he could hardly hang up the phone Jeff was there. They all finished getting dressed and headed out to grab food before the clubs fair. 

Back at the dorm after spending about an hour at the clubs fair, all the guys were excited about all the stuff that they signed up for. Walking to their room Lance called out "Hey Guys!"

They stopped. "Hey Lance" Jeff said.

"Did you guys go to the club fair?"

"Yeah man, that's where we're coming from now" said Spencer.

"What did yall think"

"It was pretty dope!" Devante said. "We all must've signed up for at least 8 or 9 things."

"Typical freshmen! Signing up for all these email list for things you're never actually going to go to." 

"I'm going to da stuff I signed up for" Jeff shot back.

"Me too" said Devante. "I'm a great DJ so being on campus radio sounds like a pretty sweet gig to me!"

"What are yall up to right now?"

"Nothing" said Spencer. 

"Yall wanna hang out in here? Yall are more than welcome."

"Shit why not" Spencer agreed.

As the guys walked in, Jeff walked over the Lance's refrigerator. "So what's in here anyway?"

"Don't open that!" screamed Lance.

Before he could finish his thought Jeff has it swinging open unveiling to the room his fully stocked booze bar.

"Hmmm mister... Are you 21?" challenged Spencer.

"Oh course I'm 21" replied Lance hesitantly.

"Cut the bull dude! No you're not and you know it!" said Devante.

"Damn, I guess that's what I get for trying to be cool with my residents. Yall caught me, you happy?" Lance says frustratedly. 

"Dude calm down. That's pretty bad ass!" responded Spencer.

"Yeah, now we got a place to hang out and drink!" said Jeff.

"Damn, don't talk so loud, and yall aint finna be in here drinking up all my beer."

"Don't worry dude, we'll put in" stated Devante "or we could always just tell the dorm director..."

"Naw man, he just playing we wouldn't do that to you. You too cool fa dat." said Spencer. 

After another two and a half hours of talking and joking, they all left to head to their rooms for bed.

Back in the room, both Spencer and Devante change for bed. Tonight, there was something a little strange. Instead of Spencer shedding his clothes freely like usual, tonight he made a point of turning his back against Devante. 

After they were all stripped down, they both climbed in bed and Spencer dialed up his parents to tell them how his first few days of college life were going. 

While he was on the phone, Devante got another text from Theo. "Dude, really?"

Unable to take it anymore, Devante responded "THEO! WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME?"

"I didn't mean to fuck things up between us. I got carried away"

"Stop texting me"

"Come on man, please don't be like that. You're a cool dude!"

"And"

"Please can we just meet and talk about this?

After a brief hesitation Devante responds "Yeah, I guess. Wednesday @5 somewhere off campus. Pick me up outside of the library"

"I got you"

Devante didn't respond. Instead he just slammed his phone down on his night stand and turned over. 

"You ok over there?" Spencer asked. "Seems like you and your cell phone are having a little argument" he chuckled.

"Just finish talking to mommy" Devante said in a baby voice.

"For your information, we already hung up."

"Well don't think you finna talk to me!" 

"That's exactly what I'm finna do" Spencer said coming over and plopping down on Devante's bed.

"Aye man, didn't I tell you about all that naked shit... Especially sitting on my bed."

"Get over it! You would probably be in a better mood if you weren't all stuffed up in those boxers." Spencer said as he quickly yanked Devante's boxers off.

"Dude! What the fuck!"

"See, you're feeling better already" as he threw Devante's boxers across the room. 

"Out of all the people in this world I could have roomed with, how did I get stuck with a nudist?" Devante said halfheartedly.

"Anyway, after you're done thanking me cam we talk about tomorrow? I'm nervous. What if I'm not ready for college? What if I flunk? I don't know, what if I get hit by a bus on the way to class?"

"Then good, that way I get to get a new roommate!"

"I'm being serious"

"So am I! Stop worrying. You'll be fine. You're only taking pre-reqs anyway. We're all taking the same classes dude so we can help each other out."

"You sure?" 

"Yeah! So can I go to sleep now? Unlike you, I have an 8am." 

"Dude, whatever. If you want me to go back to my bed so you can beat off, that's all you had to say."

"Fuck you! Dude I don't need to beat off, I get all the pussy I want. Watch and you'll see!"

Spencer starts laughing to himself

"What are you laughing at?" 

"Oh... Nothing... I guess I'll just have to wait and see" Spencer said with a doubtful undertone. "Well, unlike you I'm not too modest to talk about cuffing the carrot so please don't disturb me."

"Talk about what?" Devante asked confusedly 

"Wanking... Beating off... you know MASTURBATING!"

"Dude what's up with you, and talking about your dick, or taking your dick out, and touching my dick or trying to take off my boxers? Is there something you want to tell me?" 

"Is there something you want to tell me Devante?" Spencer shot back.

"What are you talking about" Devante asked defensively, knowing very well that this was in reference to the text message from the other night.

"Just asking, that's all."

"I'm going to bed. Try not to drown yourself in cum over there."

With that, Devante was fast to sleep leaving Spencer to cuff his carrot.

Tomorrow marked their first day of college and their first week of a new, and very unique, chapter in their lives.

----------

This is chapter 6 of College Roommates Meet. I hope you enjoyed. 

Please contact me via the CONTACT tab on my profile with any comments, questions, critiques, or suggestions and as always, stay tuned. 