 If you are still reading this story and want me to keep going, please take a second to shoot me a quick email and just let me know.

Recap:

After the sexual tension had died down a bit, the conversation turned to classes and they talked about how their first week of classes was going so far. After about another 20 minutes of chatting and finding Lance's cum well-used cum rag, the guys went back to their room to prepare for bed.






A couple more days transpired, with no real action, until the dreaded Wednesday rolled around. After Devante's first two classes, he looked at his phone to see that he had one unread message. 

"We still on for 5?" -Theo

It just occurred to him that he had agreed to meet hi on Wednesday to talk about the event.

"What the fuck could this guy possibly have to say" he thought to himself. "I tried to make it as clear as possible that I didn't want to talk to his gay ass. What the fuck!"

Instead of overreacting, though, he simply responded "I guess"

"Don't sound so excited"

"I'm NOT!"

"Come on man, at least give me a chance here"

"I am, I said I will see you at 5. You still picking me up right?"

"Yeah, where you gon be at?"

"Out front of the library"

"Aiight, see you then"

After lunch, Devante went to his last class and then headed to the library to get a little work done until he had to meet up with Theo.

At the library, Devante sat on the fourth floor with his headphones in working on his English essay, when someone tapped him on the shoulder. 

"Sorry to bother you dude, but aren't you in my English class?"

"Uhm, yeah..."

"My name is Chris" he said extending his hand. Chris had short spikey blond hair with the most breathtaking blue eyes. He was about 5'8 it was pretty obvious that he worked out regularly. 

"Nice to meet you Chris, my name is Devante" he said shaking his hand. 

"In class you seem pretty smart, so when I saw you over here I was hoping you that you could look at my intro and tell me if it makes sense. I am horrible at writing."

"Well I don't know how much better I am at it, but I'll definitely take a look."

Chris past him his paper and he gave it a quick once over. 

"Yeah it looks straight to me"

"Farreal?"

"Yeah, you got a good thesis and plenty of support. You good"

"Man, I'm just so critical of myself. Where are you finding your research at?"

Devante turned his computer around. "Right here bro. This website got lots of stuff about the author and the time period that the novel was written in. It even got some cliff notes on here cuz I ain't read the whole thing."

"Shit, that's gonna be clutch. Man thanks!"

"No problem."

"You mind if I join you over here?"

"Not at all. Pull up a seat."

The two talk and get to know each other. Turns out that Chris is also a business major and lives in the same dorm.

Devante's pocket rattles. He looks at his phone and its says "OMW." 

"Shit, I got to head out" Devante told Chris.

"No problem dude! Can I get your number so I can text you in case I have more questions?"

"Yeah, hit me up any time. You really should stop by my room one day and hang out" he said as he punched his number into Chris's phone. 

"Ok, I'll send you a text so you can get my number too."

Devante through on his jacket and headed out of the library. Just as he made his way outside, he saw Theo pulling up and hopped in. 

"Wassup Kid?" Theo asked rather charismatically.

"Don't act like I'm in a good mood, I just want to get this over. Capeesh?" retorted Devante. 

"Damn, it ain't even got to be like that."

For the rest of the drive the two sat in silence as the car winded down street after street. Shortly after, they arrived at an Ihop.

"Of all the places, what makes you think this is where I would want to go to talk?"

"With the attitude you got right now, I don't really give a damn where you want to go to talk! What I do know is that I'm hungry and broke this is what's in my price range, but I really want to make things right with me and you, so if you wanna go someplace else we can."

A little taken aback by Theo's bluntness, Devante conceded and said, "Naw, this will be cool. It shouldn't be too busy right now no way."

They both proceed inside and are seated by a hostess. After flipping through the menu for a couple of minutes, a perky waitress come over touting two glasses of water. 

"Theo, back already?" she asks.

"You know I love this place." He responds.

"Figures you'd know everyone - even at an Ihop!" Devante said sarcasticly

"I'll just have the usual Katie." Theo said to the waitress

"And for your cute little friend over here?"

"I'm fine" responded Devante

"Naw, you not finna sit here and watch me eat. Get something... ON ME" Theo insisted

"Fine, I'll have a grand slam"

"Sorry hun, I think you're at the wrong restaurant for one of those. You're thinking Denny's."

"Oh shit, my bad.I'll just have the breakfast sampler with sausage."

"Orange juice gentlemen?"

Both guys nod their head yes and quickly the hot blond waitress disappears. 

"Let me just start off by saying that I'm sorry Devante."

"Sorry, isn't really gonna cut it!"

"What do you want me to say?"

"I don't know, but I know for damn sure I want a lot more than sorry."

"Ok, I've been nice and have taken most of the heat from this but you're not free of blame yourself. I mean you were moaning like there was no tomorrow and you weren't exactly saying no!" Theo said getting noticeably angrier.

"Are you trying to say I liked it?"

"If the shoe fits."

"This is why I didn't want to come here because I knew you would"

"Orange juice" the waitress announced as she sat the two small glasses filled with orange juice on the table. "Ok, I put your orders in. Is there anything else I can get for you while you're waiting?"

"Yeah, the check" Devante said angrily as he began to stand. "I'm out of here"

"He's just being dramatic!" Theo said as he grabbed Devante's arm and yanked him down. "We're fine. Thanks!"

The waitress walked away looking notably confused. 

"I'm not finna sit here and let you insult me like this!" Devante spouted.

"Look dude, I'm not trying to insult you; I am trying to make amends." There was a long and awkward pause. "Can I ask you a question Devante?"

"What?"

"Did you enjoy what happened?"

"What the fuck... Are you trying to ask if I'm gay? I already told you that I wasn't into that kind of stuff."

"No! Forget about all the labels and what society has told you, just answer me. Did what happen the other night feel good?"

"No, it felt weird."

"Weird good or weird bad?"

"Weird bad!"

"Is that why you were moaning and shooting cum everywhere?"

"I mean... well... Obviously if you're playing with my dick I'm gonna cum!" Devante said rather cavalierly.

"And the moaning?"

"Well" another long pause "Fuck it, you were sucking my nipples and that actually did feel pretty good."

"Exactly! That's all I wanted you to do. Just admit that you actually enjoyed it a little and stop blaming me for it all."

"But in my defense I was really drunk that night or otherwise I would have never even put myself into that position."

"Fair enough, so can we at least put that behind us?"

"I guess" remarked Devante.

Right as the two came to a mutual understanding, the food arrived. They casually chatted a little more as they finished their meals. As Theo agreed, he gladly paid the check.

"Are you into 4-20?" asked Theo

"I mean not really. I've done it a couple of times but I wouldn't consider myself a weed head or nothing." responded Devante.

"Wanna come back to my place and play a couple video games?"

"I don't know about all that"

"Naw man, come on! You said we over that so let's just chill."

"But I should be getting back home, I got a paper that I need to be working on and some reading to do."

"Man, it's the first week of classes so I know that paper ain't do yet, and you can read at my crib or back at the dorms. At least come over for a few."

"At this point, it ain't like you're gonna let me say no anyways, whatever!"

And with that they were off to Theo's house. Within minutes they were pulling up out front. They exit the car and walk into the house. 

"Wassup dude?" Theo's roommate said as past by the two exiting the house.

"You gone?" asked Theo "Yeah! Remember I told you I had that engineering retreat tonight?"

Theo looked puzzled.

"Ok, obviously you don't remember. For my senior design engineering capstone we have a retreat to brainstorm our project. I'll be back tomorrow."

"Ok dude. Have fun!"

"I'd tell you to do the same but..." looking over at Devante "I already know you will."

With that, he was out the door.

"What was that supposed to mean?" asked Devante.

"Why does everything have to mean something with you? Me and Roger have been friends since freshmen year and roommates since sophomore year. All he is saying is that he knows me and he knows I'm always gonna have fun!"

"Then why did he look at me like that?"

"Get over yourself Devante, unfortunately the world does not revolve around you. Now are you flaming up or not?"

"I guess."

Quickly Theo escaped to his room as Devante made himself at home. He got the Xbox turned on and popped in Call of Duty. Theo returned with a small blunt. The two passed the blunt back and forth as they played a little C.O.D. 

Devante's phone started to vibrate. He looked down to see that he had an unread text message. He paused the game and typed in his password.

"Whoa dude... What the fuck?"

"Calm down, I got a text" Devante said.

"Naw man, you just did that cuz I was killin yo ass." Theo said as he got up to excuse himself to the bathroom. 

Devante read his text from Spencer. It said, "Aye man, you coming home tonight?"

Devante had not even realized that it was nearly 11:30.Before Devante could respond to the message Theo returned in a pair of sweatpants.

"Man I think I should be getting out of here. Will you drop me back off at my place?"

"You leaving already?"

"What you mean already? It's almost 11:30. I do have class in the morning."

"I'm tired as fuck! Can I just drop you off in the morning?"

"Naw, I think it would be best for us both if I didn't spend the night again!" Devante said emphatically. 

"Don't be like that, I thought we put that behind us."

"We did."

"Then what better way to prove that we are capable of being friends again?"

"Maybe another time, I just wanna sleep in my own bed tonight."

"Are you really gonna make me drive you all the way back to campus?"

Theo stared at Devante 

"Ok whatever man, just give me a blanket. I'm sleeping on the couch this time!" Devante conceded

"Suit yourself, but I wouldn't if I were you"

"And why is that" Devante asked looking rather confused.

"Well I'll just put it this way, we didn't buy a leather couch because it looked nice... It also makes for an easy cleanup."

"Eww... And you let me sit on this?" Devante said in disgust

"You never wondered why I sat all the way over here?" Theo responded.

"So now what?"

"You can sleep on the floor or in my room."

"You're really fucking pushing for me to sleep with you aren't you? You really must want to get me in the sack again huh?"

Looking a little upset, Theo responded "You know what, you need to get over yourself. I let you flatter yourself for a while, but now you're just a little too full of yourself. Yeah, I'll give it to you your cute and have a pretty nice sized piece but that's about it. Don't stroll in here thinking that I'm getting my rocks off to you every night cuz I can sure as hell tell you that I'm not."

"Woah woah woah... Now that was uncalled for!"

"Well you think you're the shit and I just had to let you know."

"I don't think I'm the shit... I know I'm the shit" Devante said rather cockily. "I fine as shit and I don't have a nice sized piece, I have a BIG ASS DICK!"

Theo scoffs. "Big dick my ass. More like a normal sized rod."

"Get the fuck out of here with that nonsense." Devante retorts.

"What? You're not all that big!"

"The hell I'm not" Devante says as he yanks down his pants showing his flaccid cock. "Look at this shit."

"See, this is exactly what I'm talking about. You think you're the shit, pulling at that small soft-ass dick and you think you're gonna impress me."

"Ok then, what are you working with Theo since you are so great?"

Theo slowly drops his pants and Devante begins to chuckle.

"What?" Theo asks

"You got a lot of nerve to talk about me and that's what you're working with." Devante states rather boldly as he begins to pull his pants back up.

"Don't laugh. It might look soft but don't let it deceive you, hard its is humongous."

"Yeah yeah yeah, that's what they all say."

"You don't believe me?"

"To be honest, no"

"Really?"

"If that's the case, then prove it!"

"Right now?"

"Yeah!"

"I'm not finna get hard in the middle of my living room. My roommate might come home any second."

"Like I thought"

"Like you thought what?"

"That's as big as it gets"

"Ok, you wanna see it grow? Come with me" Theo said as he leads Devante into his bedroom. "I'll show it to you hard!"

Theo again drops his shorts and boxers and begins to slowly stroke his cock. Although still soft, it was quite thick and heavy. Slowly Theo's hand slipped up and down his thick shaft. Devante was transfixed on this and couldn't peel his eyes away.

"Like I told you last time, I'm going to need a little assistance to get this guy up."

"What kind of assistance?"

"Uhm, I don't know... Here, give me your hand."





This is chapter 8 of College Roommates Meet. I don't know why, but this chapter was a real struggle so I hope you enjoyed.

I have a challenge for you guys. If any of these characters remind you of someone you know or even yourself, send me a pic. Naked pics gladly accepted :). My email address is below and as always email me at tomthewriter@ymail.com with any comments, questions, critiques, or suggestions. 