 It was the summer of 1972. I was 18 years old.

I had partied at Lake Tahoe in an incredible orgy of drugs, sex, and rock and roll... I had been fucked thoroughly in the ass several times; once by my friend's giant horse cock; and I thoroughly fucked some very hot babes - in public even; all in the same carnal night. I felt great... 

After that totally fucked up; drugged up night, I hitchhiked straight back home from California.

As an experienced hitchhiker now, I immediately understood that the porn magazines on the front seat were an invitation to have sex with me -

The incident with a wacked out weirdo on my way to Tahoe had also made me a little leery about strange sex with people picking me up and, the fact was that my asshole was still sore and throbbing from getting fucked and I was afraid that another cock pounding my stretched out asshole might actually do me damage...

I was really worried about ruining my asshole. I was a little bit fearful of my own perverted response to sex now. I seemed to have crossed the line between my porn novel fantasy world and reality. I could imagine me letting some wacko tie me up, fuck me and perhaps cause me permanent damage (or death, I suppose. I really didn't think about that).

However, even though I shuddered at the memories of my fuckings, my hard dick still ached and throbbed as I hitchhiked home.

I was a slave to my cock.

So, when a truck driver picked me up and had the inevitable hard-core porn on the seat, I picked it up and read it - my cock pulsing in my cutoff jeans. I wasn't wearing any underwear, as usual.

The truck driver didn't waste any time or niceties as he observed my dick tenting my shorts and my trembling hands turning the pages of the homo male porn mags... He saw me glancing at him out of the corner of my eye as I thumbed through raunchy cum filled pictures of men fucking and sucking...

"Take off your clothes," he said as he drove down the highway.

I just complied, stripping even as I inwardly cursed myself for being such a submissive dick and worried about what I was doing to myself.

"Lay back and play with your asshole," the trucker said when I naked.

I leaned back against the door once more, spread my legs and opened the cheeks of my ass facing the driver. Trembling and afraid, I stuck my finger gently up my wide open anus still hot and liquid from previous fuckings and I began to fuck myself, my hand rubbing on my ass cheeks and thighs.

"Use this on your cunt," said the trucker as he tossed me some Vaseline.

My asshole burned, but it felt loose and stretched as I put a glob of Vaseline on it and started fucking my own ass with my finger. It was so hot to my touch and I added another finger and slid them in and out of sore asshole, moaning, debasing myself in front of this stranger.

"Ohhhhh, yeah, fuck," I moaned to myself, jerking my stiff dick as I fucked myself in my hot, used ass for this man's enjoyment.

God. It felt so good. I wanted to be a cunt whore with men shoving their dicks up my ass over and over again, filling me with cum until it poured down my legs from my totally reamed asshole. 

I wanted to get fucked again...

The trucker pulled into a rest stop and told me, "Get your shorts and shirt on and follow me."

I did what he told me and jumped out of the truck. But, instead of going to the rest rooms, he walked the other way, towards the picnic areas and the woods. There were other truckers hanging out there, apparently eating or just talking and he stopped for a moment in the middle of the picnic area. He deliberately shoved his hand down the back of my shorts, squeezing my ass cheeks and then pulled my shorts halfway down my ass, exposing my ass crack and making my hard on thrust outwards, barely covered in the front.

I shuddered and looked down at the ground at this public humiliation. God, I could not believe what a stupid horny fucker I was.

The trucker led me into the woods to a spot where there were large rocks on and in the ground that could be used to sit or climb... The litter on the ground was some used underwear and condoms.

The trucker pulled off my shirt and shoved my shorts down.

"Get out of those," he said as he unbuttoned his pants, opened his zipper and pulled out his fat cock.

I stepped out of my shorts and he immediately grabbed me, shoved me to my knees and shoved his fat dick into my mouth. I gagged as he rammed his cock full force into my throat and began fucking my face. He pounded in and out of my mouth, bruising my lips and throat for a few minutes as I struggled to accommodate him until he suddenly pulled out and said, "Get up and turn around."

Oh fuck no, I thought. I was panting and gasping for air as I had no choice but to do what he wanted. As I obeyed him, turned around and bent my naked body over slightly, I saw that there were several men now gathered around, watching.

"AAAAAAHHHHH!" I screamed as, without any preparation, the trucker opened the globes of my ass and rammed his fat cock into my bottom...

I bent over to the ground, groaning with pain as he slammed his thick rod in and out of my ass, fucking me savagely, hard and fast. I was again lost in a total haze of burning erotic pain as my young, 18 year old naked ass was fucked for the entertainment of a bunch of strangers.

Over and over again he pounded my blazing asshole, thrusting deep into my rectum, until he groaned and let loose a huge load of scalding cum. Burst after burst of his hot jizz filled my boy hole until he finally stopped and popped his fat dick from my gaping asshole, his hot cum dribbling out, coating the inside of my thighs.

I moaned in insensate lust and pain, staggering upright, but collapsing against the boulder in front of me. God that was brutal.

A hand turned my face towards another fat cock and suddenly, a stream of piss arched out to my open mouth, a new fucker's hot waste splashing full force into my throat and against my lips, teeth and gums, soaking my face and the boulder I was lying on.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhh," I moaned, letting my submissive whore take over as I remembered the first time I was pissed on by a neighbor bully who had forced me to suck his cock and humiliate myself in front of his girlfriend. The images that played in my mind of me being helplessly degraded made me tremble with submissive perversity.

I stuck my tongue out, drinking this man's piss and moaned as I fully indulged in being a faggot pervert. I was drowning in sick, raunchy, carnal insanity. 

Then my hips were pulled back from the rock face again and my ass cheeks pulled apart once more. Even as my face was being drenched, I raised my ass, trembling with stupid fuck lust. I felt the massive tip of a dick at my anus.

"Oh fuck," I moaned weakly hands moved over my ass. 

"UUUUUNNOOO!" I cried out as my eyes went wide and I gasped in shock, nhaling some of the piss still splashing into my mouth.

I was simultaneously filled with fear and a deep, powerful heat as a huge cock head pressed forcefully, straining against my wet anus

"Wait! Nooooo!" I suddenly cried, writhing, trying to push myself up, against the grip on my ass.

"UUUUUUUUhnhngggghh!" I groaned in pain as his cock thrust into me, forcing its way through my hot, burning anal bud, spreading my asshole with overwhelming sensual fire.

"AAAAUUUUUUUNNN!" I cried out, my face and body driving back into the rock as some stranger forced his mammoth prick into my burning asshole.

"Ohfuc, fuk, fuuck, ohhh, nooo!" I groaned and tried to pull away but there was nowhere to go as another his massive schlong plowed into my hot fucking boy hole.

"Uh, uh, uhhh, uhhh, uhhhhhhhh..." I panted, fantastic fuck pain again shooting from my abused anus as some trucker forced his giant meat into me.

"Oh fuck yeah, you fucking faggot," panted the man, fucking his member deeper and deeper into my tiny hole.

"OHHHHhhgod... uhh, huhh, huuhh, uuhhh!" I sobbed in erotic pleasure pain.

I was once more a fuck hole to be used. My whole body began to shake with degraded pain and passion.

I was no longer being peed on but someone was jerking a cock in front of and on my face and it exploded, shooting its white load onto my face and lips.

"AAAAHHHHHHH!" I screamed as the man behind me pulled back and then forced his giant fuck meat deep into my bowels, the pain in my gut like nothing I had ever experienced.

I mewled with painful insane lust as the fire of this huge fat meat fucking my asshole intensified!

I was drowning in erotic fire and I grabbed the rock face with both hands, feeling like a chained sacrifice, as the man began to fuck the full length of his massive meat in and out of my asshole. I was being split open by a gigantic cock and I burned with desperate pleasure and pain.

"Onnhhh, unnh, onnnh, unnnh, onnnh, onnnh!" I grunted as the stranger smashed his huge meat in and out of my anal hole.

My asshole was a blaze of painful fire as I tried to clench it around the giant man meat pounding in and out of me. I could feel other hands on my body, another cock rubbing against my babbling lips as the man's hairy balls smacked against mine.

The whole insane, lewd sensuality had my whole body quivering, moaning and groaning with inflamed desire. My whole world was reduced to the fiery log in my ass. Nothing else mattered except my young boy body being fucked by some stranger's massive dick in the woods at a Rest Stop.

He fucked me in and out, in and out, slamming his giant meat deep in my guts, fucking me longer and harder than the original trucker, over and over and over again while I felt more burning cum splash on my face and naked body, until his massively fat dick finally jerked and quivered and new burning cum shot deep within my bowels, filling me up once more.

"OHHHuhhohhuhh!" I panted in delirium, squeezing my ass muscles, milking the huge cock cumming inside me.

"Ooohhh fuck man, fuck, fuck... Fuccckk!" cried the man as my ass swallowed his white fuck juices.

"Ooooohhhhh," I groaned as the incredible pain and pleasure of being fucked by this fat cock spread waves of heat from my swollen ass cunt.

He finally just collapsed on top of me, both of us laying on the rock with his massive cock still embedded in my ass.

I just lay there panting and trembling until finally, after a while, I cried out again as the man pulled his giant dick from my ass and it tried to close up.

Another cock immediately plunged into the hot pleasure/pain of my raped asshole. It easily slipped in after being widened by the previous two cocks.

"Ohhhh fuck," I groaned as I was fucked once more. The new dick wiggled deep inside my now loose cunt hole.

"Ohh fuck," I moaned as he began fucking me back and forth, again fucking me hard and good.

I was lost in a world of raunchy sex, totally wiped out as my burning cum filled asshole grasped the cock pumping in and out of me, stiff meat grinding into the rock in front of me. 

He came, adding a load of sperm to my overflowing ass. 

My face was pulled down to a hard dick, again shoving it into me while I was turned sideways, and another cock was shoved into my sloppy asshole.

I don't know how many men fucked me or I sucked but finally, at some point, there were no more, and I was alone.

With cum pouring from my ass and drenching my thighs, I grabbed my own hard dick and jerked off to a mind-blowing orgasm. Then I passed out amongst the dirt and the rocks in the woods.

It was dark when I was woken up by yet another stranger who simply pulled my ass up and fucked his hot cock into it. I didn't resist, and he fucked me till he came. Then he got up and walked away.

I found my clothes and pulled them on over my cum drenched body and shakily walked down the path.

Motherfucker! I realized that my backpack and all my hitchhiking gear was with the fucking trucker that picked me up and that all I had was my shirt and shorts. 

I wasn't even wearing shoes.

I went into the rest stop where, to my surprise, there was an attendant there with an office.

I started to explain to him that I fell asleep in the woods and my ride drove off and did he maybe find a backpack in the parking lot...

He looked at me, wet, stinking of cum and piss, and said, "Yes. We found your backpack."

Then he turned and locked the office door and then looked at me seriously and said: "Maybe you want to change your clothes."

I looked at him and sighed... Of course... Fuck.

"Yeah, I guess I should..."

I stripped off my shirt and shorts, and stood naked before him.

He turned me around and got behind me and then reached around and to grip my cock while I feel two of his fingers move into my asshole.

Oh fuck. Immediately, my cock started getting hard and he began to as he began to stroke it. 

He let go and I felt his pants fall to the floor and a fat cock started sliding up and down the wet crack of my ass...

Then I felt the tip of his cockhead at my asshole and he pulled me back into him, spearing my used fuck hole, going deep into my ass all at once! 

He started fucking my ass, his balls slapping against mine...

I bent over his desk and just let nature take its course.

"Oh yeah you fucking cunt," he moaned as his jiz shot up my ass to mix with all the other loads already in there.

After a moment, he pulled out and said: "Clean me up."

I know what he wanted, and I turned around and sucked his dick clean of all the ass and cum dripping from it.

I silently got dressed.

He told me -- "You can't hitchhike from a rest stop so, I'll find another trucker to take you out of here."

He did. And I got fucked once more before I was dropped off at a place from where I could hitchhike...