 - While hitchhiking back to college, I had been picked up by an older man who dominated; fucked; and abused the hell out of me, shaving my entire body and making me into his boy faggot. He had then fucked me in my dorm room, after forcing me to run through the halls naked.

Finally, I had passed out, naked, my well fucked ass oozing cum and slept....

College Faggot - #6

I woke up from my stupefied sleep in the late afternoon and went and took a shower.

Mr. Sanders had whipped me black and blue and both my ass and my asshole hurt like hell. I could see the marks in the mirror in the bathroom where he had whipped me. 

Fuck... I was so fucked.

However, in the shower, as I soaped up my still hairless body, trying to clean all of the piss and oil and bizzaro land I had gone through, I still managed to give myself a hard on fantasizing about everything that was done to me.

I thought about Mr. Sanders' huge cock raping my boy fuck hole as I moaned and caressed the welts on my ass.

I began playing with my asshole, slipping a soapy finger into the not so tight opening and remembering being fucked again... I added another finger, and started fucking my hand with my hot, still cum filled asshole.

...I fantasized about when I had been fucked at a rock music orgy in Lake Tahoe....

*************

...My whole body started convulsing with sensory overload as the lead singer's cock head slid into me, expanding my tight asshole ring wider and wider to the point that I felt like he was tearing me apart. But they continued holding me in place, forcing me to accommodate them. My own cock was throbbing, quivering on the brink of orgiastic splendor. I was captured by this submissive eros. 

The insides of my ass were on fire as he penetrated deeper and deeper. I felt every inch of his piercing fuck pole as he ravaged my burning asshole. It felt like a fiery log was being shoved into me.

"Yeah, you are tighter than a virgin," he crooned, pulling back a little, then grabbing my hips, he shoved his big cock home.

"Unnngghhhhh," I tried to scream as he split me open.

"This arsehole is pure cherry," he grunted as he began fucking my ass.

"Nnnnnnghhhh," I whimpered around Bill's massive pumping cock as I felt his full hard meat bury itself deep within my hot bowels, the rim of my spread open ass stretched beyond anything nature ever intended.

"UNGH, Ungh, ugnh, ungh, ughn," I grunted loudly with each new painful thrust.

I tried to protest between my own exclamations - "PLeeease... UNgh, ungh, ttoooo... ungh, ughn, bigg... UHHHH!"

He continued to ram his long hard cock in and out of my burning asshole. My hips were shaking and I suddenly went over the edge, the fire of the hard cock in my ass spreading to my whole body.

I started spasming in orgasm as I reached a plateau of white light, still gasping for breath after Bill's log was pulled from my throat; my abused asshole clutching around the cock, pumping in and out of me; my own stiff member deep within the hot fuck hole of a naked, nubile girl, crushing her under our combined fuck thrusts. 

"AAAAhhhh," I screamed, feeling my fiery cum bursting from my prick as the lead singer's hard dick slid in and out of my flaming asshole.

"Uuuuooohhhhhhhh," I moaned in pain as the burning fire turned into a scorching, torrid sensation that sent my sperm shooting.

"Goooddd, uh, uh, oh,oh, oh," I panted as each new thrust sent me farther over into the total oblivion of orgasming frenzy.

"AAHHhhhhh!" I cried as he again slammed his full length into my sodomized butt.

My anal ring clenched around his pounding manhood as he thrust and withdrew, in and out, faster and faster, fucking my wounded asshole as I continued to come.

"Uh! ... Uh! Uh! UH... UH... UHhhh," I grunted as he hammered into me, his balls smacking lewdly against my bouncing buns.

The carnal sensuality was unbearable. All that existed was my burning asshole getting fucked by the lead singer's hard cock. In and out he thrust. Each stroke adding a new level of erotic pain as my own hard organ was pumped dry...

*************

My hand pumped my soapy cock with my fingers jammed up my asshole, fucking myself, until my sperm shot out onto the wall of the shower where it was slowly washed down the drain.

After I recovered from this fantastic fantasy induced orgasm, I was again scared or depressed in a perverse sort of way.

First of all, I was jerking off in this very public shower; my hand shoved up my asshole. Why was I taking these stupid chances? Was I an irretrievable homo? Was I going to continue to shave myself in order to please a horny old pervert, Mr. Sanders? I was afraid, no matter how much it all turned me on. But now I was wondering if I should just let anyone fuck me... How the hell would I explain my shaved body to Pamela? Or to Todd? Or anyone else who might see me naked, for that matter? I could fuck everything up in my life.

Then again, it made me hard again - just thinking about it. I loved the soft, silky, naked feel of my skin. And he paid me five hundred fucking dollars... Hell - that was worth any embarrassment and perversion. Here I was, a guy who could barely get laid at Dunwoody, and some old man was willing to pay me five hundred dollars for my body. My sore cock ached in my hand.

Then again, it was perverse. Really fucking perverse. Jesus. I had let the guy piss in my mouth. I licked his fucking toilet. I drank his piss. That was sick. What wacko thing would he want me to do if I did saw him again? How sick a degenerate did I want to be? Very fucking scary.

Then again, the thought of his hot piss spraying my mouth and on my face kept me hard... My dick hurt just thinking about him pissing in my mouth, making me drink it. Pissing on my ass, up my ass... in public... Sick... Very sick.

I ached to be Mr. Sanders fuck slave boy toy.

Very fucking scary.

My immediate problem was what the hell was I going to tell Dick and his girlfriend? And who else for that matter?

I was already somewhat of an outcast.

What now? Dick was going to be convinced that I was indeed a total queer. Jesus.

I got dressed, smoked a joint to relax my alternate fantasy and depression over what I had done, and went to the cafeteria for dinner. Dick didn't usually eat there on the weekends, but this time he was there waiting for me. I could tell I was also the subject of a couple of conversations as I walked through the dining hall to sit next to Dick. Ann excused herself as I sat down and she went back to our room.

"Moran," began Dick in a rapid fire tirade, "we have a fucking problem. Ann is scared of you. She wants to know what I know about you. I don't know what to tell her. And I cannot afford to be the roommate of a fucking faggot. Do you know what happens to queers on the track team? They get fucked, Moran. And I am not going to be fucked by my teammates. I am not a queer. But, if you're a queer, then I am fucked by association. Do you understand?"

He was pretty angry. He explained all this and more to me in a rapid fire whisper, with his teeth clenched. I listened in stoned bemusement. Fuck him. I let him fuck my girlfriend; I sucked his cock and now he's getting all hot and hairy because his girlfriend and the track team might think that I was a queer. Give me a break.

With stoned lassitude, I explained myself to Dick - "Look man, you fucked Pam, I sucked your dick, Dick... Hot sex is hot sex. This old guy paid me, man - five hundred dollars. So I fucking got shaved and ran around naked. Big woof. I am not interested at all in being the campus queer. You think I want my life to go like that? Not a-fucking-round here, boy. Your fucking track boys aren't the only ones who'd want a piece of my ass. All of you preppy shits would be lined up outside my door, hot and hard. I don't need that. I like girls and I'd like to get laid here at Dunwoody once in awhile, besides Pam. So, just chill out and let everything die down. Deny and ignore. The most people can really say is that I'm a streaker. And fuck that, I might do it again.."

Dick listened to me. I could see that he was still afraid.

"Look, Moran," he said. "You don't really understand. Track is my life here. And, I will fucking give you up if it comes down to that... And they will fucking fuck your ass if it comes down to that."

Fuck him. I was tired of this bullshit. I giggled and stared at Dick, thinking that it might be kind of interesting for the whole fucking track team to rape me... But, I didn't say anything.

"All right," he continued. "Fuck it. But - Ann is afraid of you now. What am I going to do about that?"

"What? She's afraid that this perverted homo is going to attack her?" I replied.

He finally laughed - now that I was a deviant faggot, what was I going to do? - rape her?!

However, I gave in on this problem - shit, he ought to be able to fuck his girlfriend in peace. I solved it by agreeing to stay that night at the fraternity house of one of my friends, Peter.

My friend Peter and I had gone to high school together and he and his girlfriend, Barb, along with Dawn and myself, had all dated together. He and Barb were still seeing each other throughout their college days and planned to get married. Although he also fucked around. 

I had stayed overnight in his room at the frat house before and I knew a lot of the people there. I probably could have joined that fraternity by this time, but I was still an independent freak and they still saw me as a little too hippy dippy for their more straight mentality. 

Anyway, after getting my schedule together for my classes for the following week, I went out and got further wasted with my stoned smoking buddies. I almost spent the night at their dorm room, but I would have had to pass out on the floor and Peter had a nice large bed in his room, so I went across campus to stay by him.

I fantasized about raping Ann as I was going over to the frat house. She would be fucking Dick with her sitting on top of him. It would be late at night and the room would be totally dark. Dick would be tied to the bed, blindfolded, and she would be torturing his aching cock, sliding up and down its hard length, teasing him with her wet cunt. Unbeknownst to them I would get on the bed behind her and, while she was bent over, her large tits rubbing over Dick's body, licking his blindfolded face, I would shove my hard, naked cock up her ass.

She would give a scream and struggle slightly at the pain of this intrusion. But after I grabbed her breasts and started squeezing her hard nipples, the incredible 

sensation of being filled up by two hard cocks, one stretching her vagina and the other stuffed up her ass, would make her moan with pleasure. She would ride both cocks until we came. I would withdraw, leaving her asshole dripping with my cum, trickling down her crack to her cunt, mixing with Dick's semen. Dick would never know that she had been fucked up the ass while he was fucking her pussy. From the feel of my naked pubes, she would realize that it was I that fucked her, but she would never tell, secretly relishing the feel of my hot cock pumping her virgin asscunt.

Peter was just turning in when I got to his room. He had a large double bed and no roommate, so we were going to sleep in the same bed. This was no big deal - again this was 1974 and two guys in the same bed didn't mean anything sexual. We had slept in the same bed several times - even before college when we went on the high school band field trips where everybody doubled up. However, this time around, he stood there in his pajamas and, although he was friendly enough, he didn't get into bed. He watched me as I started happily taking off my clothes in my stoned condition. 

"Gregg," said Peter warily, "I heard that you went streaking today..."

Oh shit I thought, my hands pausing as I unbuttoned my shirt. I had forgotten that I was shaved naked. And, at this point, I was hard. Visions of clandestine orgies with Anne and Dick still flitted through my drug fogged mind. And, I had planned to sleep naked as usual. Peter might have normally made some sarcastic comment about not touching him with my naked bod, but he wouldn't have minded. But now, everything was different. 

"Uh, yeah, well, uh, yeah... It was, uh, like, a far out thing to do..." I muttered incoherently.

He was looking at my shaved chest. Well fuck it! So he knew already, I continued to take off my shirt.

"Look," I said, sitting on the bed facing away from him and disrobing. "It was like, a bet, you know? I did this wacko thing and I won the bet."

"Did you actually, you know, with some old guy?" Peter queried.

Fuck! I threw off my underwear and pants, stood up and turned around to face him.

"Yeah!" I retorted, "And he paid me too!"

He looked at my shaved body with amazement. My dick was hard and prominent, bobbing in front of me.

"No shit?" he commented. "You did all your hair and had... you know, with this old guy?" 

"Yeah, I had sex with him," I admitted. "It wasn't bad. He paid me five hundred dollars, Peter."

In my stoned state, my cock was throbbing - marijuana was an aphrodisiac to me and my whole body always had a sensual glow when I was stoned.

He looked at me from across the bed, staring at my shaved genitals and my hard prick with bemusement. "Five hundred dollars?" he remarked with awe in his voice.

"That's right," I said a little proudly.

"I guess you liked it," said Peter softly, gazing at my crotch.

"Oh shit...I, uh, it was cool." I trailed off, my cock now pulsing with a mind of its own. 

Peter continued to look at my hard on in nervous, embarrassed fascination. Then I could see his own dick rising inside of his pajamas.

Oh? Peter? Damn.

We both stared at each other quietly as his cock stiffened and finally popped out of the slit of his pajama front. My heart was beating faster and I had a fluttery feeling in the pit of my stomach. We seemed frozen there, neither one of us saying anything, both of our cocks hard and hot. 

"Well, shit," I said, jumping up in the air and landing my backside on his bed, my stiff manhood bouncing around in the air, "I guess it's time for bed."

He continued to stand there, incapacitated with weirdness, looking like he was trapped, but not saying a thing, staring at my naked, clean shaven body, my hard peter throbbing, pre-cum beginning to ooze from its wet tip. Then, he looked away and sat on the bed. He lay back, tense, his hard thick cock sticking up, stretching out over his pajama clad waist. I tentatively reached over the bed, and caressed his stiff meat, eliciting a groan from Peter.

He closed his eyes and his thighs shuddered as I pulled his thick manhood farther out of the fly of his pajamas.

"Uhhhh," he moaned as I closed my fingers around his cock head and his hips twitched.

I grasped his distended shaft and began slowly masturbating my hand up and down its length. Peter mouth fell open and he began panting in lust almost immediately. His hips did a jerky dance on the bed. My own lust took over again and I turned myself around and put my mouth to his red, swollen prick. 

"Ahhh, oohhhhh," he cried out as my lips covered the mushroom glans of his hard cock.

I leaned into his hips and took his thickly burgeoning member into my mouth, feeling him twitch as he pushed his ass off the bed and skewered my oral cavity. I sucked hungrily in my stoned, erotic state, as though we had been homosexual lovers for years, and I began to caress and cradle Peter's semen-filled testicles beneath his ramrod cock. We were both mewling as his body shook and his hot meat slithered over my lips and teeth into my warm, wet, pleasure seeking hole. The thick organ seemed to fill everything, and as Peter started shaking, it wormed steadily deeper, rubbing down the full length of my tongue. He pushed and I sucked, skewering my mouth, until he propelled his cock head into my throat, embedding himself in me. 

I gurgled for air to keep from choking even as I sucked him harder and buried my nose into his hairy balls. He slid his hard prick in and out of my mouth, his sex working with a mind of its own as I gasped and let him plunge again into my throat. I tightened my lips and swished my tongue with vengeance around and around the throbbing shaft sliding in and out of my stretched lips, his hardness bruising the inside of my throat, sending waves of masochistic pleasure through me.

"AHHH, Ahhh, ahhhh," moaned Peter from above as my cheeks hollowed out, as I drew them tightly over the sides of his steel hard prick.

I sucked him deep, taking all of his hard length until there was nothing left. His hips pressed hard against my face and he came. His hot cum spurted into my throat and I swallowed, gyrating on the bed, my esophagus milking his ejaculating tool. I pulled my mouth off of his pulsing prick and grabbed his slick length with my hand as I gasped for air. I covered him again with my lips while he shot another load of hot cream. I felt him shoot his jizz into my mouth and I enjoyed the sensation of his cum discharging onto my tongue. I was gasping, sucking the head of his ejaculating penis while he moaned in ecstasy. 

His orgasm dribbled down to nothing and we both lay there for a moment, panting, my mouth on his dick head, filled with his sperm, covering his prick. Finally, I sucked his cock clean and lay back on my side of the bed, reveling in this weird feeling, my mouth still full of cum. Peter turned his back to me as I lay next to him and grabbed my own throbbing prick.

Swishing his cum around my mouth with my tongue, feeling it still ooze down my throat to my stomach, I jerked myself off, savoring the naked feel of my genitalia until I splashed my own seed onto my nude, smooth body. At the same time I swallowed the rest of his spunk and nodded off into orgiastic oblivion.

Peter was already gone when I awoke the next morning. Once more I had a massive piss hard on. Once more my mouth tasted like old cum and my throat was clogged with sperm. Once more I stumbled out of Peter's room with only a towel around my waist, my cock pushing it out in front, to go to the bathroom on his floor. I really had to pee. This was so weird. It was only yesterday that I had been in this exact same position... What bizarre things were in store for me today?

Someone was in the shower as I went into the bathroom, put my towel on the shower hook and forced the piss out of my hard on to arc into the urinal. I debated about whether or not to take a shower, but my dick was still hard and I didn't want to explain myself again to whoever it was that was in the shower. So, I walked over to the sink and started splashing water on myself to wash off my own crusty cum and clean my genitals. As I was performing my ablutions, the guy in the shower shut it off and came out. 

"Hey Moran, what are you doin' here?"

I glanced over my shoulder. It was Ike, one of the hockey jocks that made up Pete's fraternity. His bulky naked body was extremely hairy and his soft thick cock bobbed out of giant bush of brown hair.

"Uh, my roommate's girlfriend was over... I spent the night in Pete's room..." I said as I nonchalantly walked over and tried to grab my towel off of the hook.

"Damn!" said Ike, wonderingly, "What did you do to yourself?"

He looked at my hairless face and chest and then at my still hard, hairless genitalia.

"Uhh," I temporized, grabbing my towel and turning away, "You know, I, I, cut my beard..."

I covered myself with my towel. My heart was pounding again and I felt my dick begin to deflate a little bit. He stood in front of me naked and I tried not to stare at his thick cock. I thought about going down on my knees and taking his soft cock into my mouth, feeling it grow and stretch my lips... while I continued to stammer out a reply.
