 I had been switching back and forth between being a Faggot Boy Toy and a Straight hot fucking College Stud. Life was interesting...

It was the Spring of 1974.

I was 20 years old.

And, I felt like a major stud. 

I had a bunch of women to fuck and who wanted to fuck me. Plus, not a few men.

I was shaved; sodomized; kinky; and cool.

I had just fucked my steady girlfriend at her college, and I had shaved both her and her roommate's pussy cunts and I was heading back to my beautiful, also shaved smooth girlfriend, at my college... 

I hitchhiked back to school Sunday afternoon thoroughly fucked out and feeling really good about myself. All my sexual fantasies had come true in the last couple of months.

But, I wasn't just a queer, or just a pervert, or just anything. I was a highly sexed guy with multiple partners, multiple girlfriends, and multiple orgasms! 

Hot Damn!

I was more than eager for anything and everything. I figured that I had finally "made it" and that all my fantasies were real.

I was actually living the porn novels I had been reading since I was a kid and I loved it...

After several rides, I was picked up by a businessman - probably in his early forties. Nice car, sharp dresser, suit, tie and cashmere overcoat, except that he also had two other hitchhikers that were dozing in the back seat. 

It was sort of incongruous because both of them had the "on the road" look about them. One had a big, black beard, long shaggy hair and lumberjack type clothes. He was a large, burly fellow. The other was well built with brown hair, clean shaven and, from what I could see, pretty good looking. His clothes were from the road too, but more "LL Bean." Both of them were also "older'" in their thirties maybe...

Anyway, the guy picked me up and, as the other two were sleeping, he wanted to talk with me to keep him alert and awake.

His name was Jerry. It turned out that the two other guys were also hitchhiking and would end up getting off at the same North - South interstate interchange that I was hoping to get to. They were going to go South, while I would be heading North. We talked about this and that and then he asked me about my ring.

I had bought Pamela and myself two identical rings a while ago. They were silver with a naked man and woman intertwined in an erotic embrace circling the ring.

To most people, it just looked like an abstract design unless they looked at it closely.

He noticed it from the driver's seat and asked to look at it. I had no problem with that and handed it to him to see up close. After examining the ring (while driving), he gave it back and the conversation turned to art, erotica and human sensuality. 

Because I was so full of myself, and we started discussing sex, I was easily drawn out into graphic descriptions of my weekend shaving and fucking Pamela and her having sex with her roommate, Alice.

After I described how we all had our genitalia shaved (I didn't mention that mine had been done by an old married guy who enjoyed pissing on me), he got real interested.

"Let me show you something, Greg" he said.

As I watched, Jerry opened his coat, unbuttoned and unzipped his pants and pulled out a hard, fat cock.

"Uh, Jerry," I whispered, still watching as he slipped his pants and underwear down, exposing what was a massively thick, six or seven inch long cock and totally hairless pubes - "What about them?"

I indicated the still dozing hitchhikers with a toss of my head.

"They're queer," he said with a small smile. "What do you think?

He took one hand and pulled his proportionately huge naked balls up from between his legs and squeezed his oversized member. God it was thick. It wasn't that long, but man, it was probably fatter than any cock I had ever seen.

"N-nice," I stuttered.

"Let's see yours," he said.

Of course...

Why not, I thought...

That's what I do...

Unfuckingbelievable...

And I opened up my pants, exposing my now hard, six-inch naked meat.

"Nice," he echoed and grasped my shaft, rubbing some of the already oozing pre-cum on my pulsing head.

"Ooooooooh," I sighed as I laid back and let him play with my turgid flesh.

He ran his hand over my shaved pubic area, grasping my balls and shoving his fingers down between my thighs and pushing on the sensitive area between my balls and asshole. I wondered if the hitchhikers were really homos and if not, what were they going to say or do...

"Have you ever been fucked by a guy," asked Jerry, as he stroked my hot meat.

"No," I lied.

I was on the road. I was a little leery of hitchhikers picking me up and fucking me. And, despite all the ass fucking I had done; I remembered both the truck stop in California the last time I got fucked hitchhiking and, the recent incredible orgy with Dara and Karla - my asshole had been totally reamed. It took me days to recover from those experiences. And, they were painful.

Besides - if he was implying that he wanted to fuck me - no way! That cock was thick as hell...

I continued, "I think it would hurt too much."

"How about this," he asked, moving his hand up to my head, stroking my long red hair, and pulling me down gently, but firmly to the engorged beef sticking up from his lap.

"Mmmmmm," I murmured, trying to stretch my lips around his massive fuck tool and drawi him into my mouth.

"You know," he said conversationally, as he pushed his cock into my face, guiding my head with his hand, "I'm not gay, but I've always wanted to fuck another straight guy in the ass.

I trembled as I thought of him fucking me with the fat log that was being forced into my comparatively small mouth. My fucking dick was pulsing with lust.

"Are you really shaved all over?" asked Jerry.

"Yeah," I mumbled around the thick dick blocking my face.

Easing the pressure on the back of my neck, Jerry lifted my face off his fat schlong.

"Why don't you take off your clothes and let me see? I'd like that." he said with a touch of command in his voice.

Damn. 

This was getting seriously weird... 

I didn't really believe that our two sleepers were gay, but... the words "take off your clothes" were like music to an exhibitionist pervert such as myself. I was hard. I thought I was hot. I was studly. I had multiple shaved naked girlfriends. And - everybody else wanted to see my hot, smooth naked bod.

Had I not been in this whole frame of mind right then, I might have refused getting naked in some car with three fucking strange men but... it just seemed like that was what I do... take off my clothes... What the fuck... sure...

I slid my pants the rest of the way off, removing my sneakers and socks with them. Then I pulled off my shirt, ending up buck naked, hard and hairless.

Jerry ran his hand over my smooth chest and nipples, stroking my belly and grasping my stiff rod again. I had flutters in my stomach at the absurdity of Jerry playing with my naked body while these two guys were dozing in the back seat but, I was still a pervert.

"Damn, that's nice," he complimented me as he tapped my boner with his fingers, caressing my silky flesh.

"C'mon down here again," he said, once more putting his hand on my neck and guiding me to his obese cock.

He scooted his pants farther down as I took his fat flesh into my mouth again.

My naked body squirmed on the front seat, my shuddering meat rubbing against the vinyl. I was turned on.

I was lying there, bare ass naked, his cock really stretching my mouth, while driving down the interstate. My pulsating cock sent thrills of degraded raunch through me.

The thought occurred that I had to get Pamela to do this, or maybe Janie. God, I bet Dara would love it.

While Jerry was filling my oral cavity, stretching my lips with his thick man flesh, I imagined Dara, her short black body naked on the front seat while giving a blow job to the driver and getting fucked from the other side.

Forbidden erotic images of my brothers came to mind. I panted and drooled on Jerry's genitals as I put my ass up in the air and swayed, pretending old Mr. Sanders was fucking me with his big meat. I was imagining... - Greggy Moran, cock slut to the world.

When I felt another hand on my naked ass, caressing my flesh, I knew that the passengers were awake and either they were definitely gay something!

"How do you do this, Jerry?" one of them asked as a hand snaked down my ass crack to fondle my hanging balls. "You have some kind of queer radar?"

"I want to know where we are going," said another voice, "this is sure as hell not the interstate."

"We're going to find a place to stop - woods or something," said Jerry, his heavy hand still on my neck, still driving his hard meat into my mouth...

It was all I could do to accommodate his fat sausage. If it would have been longer, it would have been choking me totally, the way he was pushing my face to its hairless root.

Another hand started fondling my back and ass. It felt great and I guessed that these guys were queer. Damn, I figured that I must have the queer radar - go figure.

"Aren't you going to introduce us," questioned one of the fellows.

"Make your own introductions. This is Greg and he's straight, more or less," he said, releasing my neck and pulling me off of his swollen fuck meat.

"We're experimenting. Right Greg?"

"Uh, yeah," I moaned, my stiff prick wet with pre-cum fluid.

"I'm Andrew," said the good-looking guy, as he put his face next to mine, took my chin in his hand and tilted my head back.

Then he thrust his tongue into my mouth, past my nearly un-resisting lips.

"I'm Steve," said the burly fellow.

He reached around my naked chest with both hands and grabbed a nipple between each thumb and forefinger and squeezed.

My whole body shook, and I groaned, trying to raise my bare ass off of the car seat to lean back as Steven pulled on my sensitive tit flesh, but Jerry had a hand on my hard cock, bending it back down towards the seat.

"Ahhhh, Uhaahhhhh, uh, uh, uh," I moaned into Andrew's mouth as I became immersed in total sex overdrive - my defenseless form being attacked by three men. 

Andrew's hot tongue probing my mouth; my nipple flesh being tortured by Steven's hot hands; Jerry holding onto my throbbing meat, squeezing and pulling had me squirming on the seat.

"Hey," said Jerry, "Come on back down here."

Andrew reluctantly let his tongue slide back from my throat, licking my teeth and lips and face as Jerry pulled me back down to his pulsating thick tool.

"Check out his ass," said Steven, sliding his hands down over the seat and playing with my ass crack.

He wet his finger with his spit and began probing my anus as Jerry passionately shoved my head down hard on his cock, straining my lips, jamming it to the back to my throat, choking me.

I was losing my mind with this new assault on my rear, trembling as Steven finger fucked my asshole. It hurt but I felt totally out of control, shuddering and bucking in hedonistic pleasure.

They kept my asshole wet with saliva and I could feel their fingers in my anus, painfully opening it, as Jerry continued to work my head on his cock.

"We're gonna stop here," said Jerry, taking his hand off my head and pulling over to a wooded section of this deserted road.

He let me loose from his cock and I collapsed onto the seat as he turned off the car and opened the door. 

"Let's get out of the car and into the woods where we have a little more privacy and space," smiled Jerry as he beckoned me to come out of the car on the driver's side.

I woozily crawled across the seat as he gave me a hand and I stood up outside the car.

Shit.

I was stark naked, still trembling in sexual passion, my eyes glazed, my breath coming in ragged pants, as the two other men exited the car and the all surrounded me.

Keeping their bodies around me in the event of a stray car, we walked into the woods, me gingerly stepping in my naked feet, until we were screened from the view of the road. This was so fucked up...

Steven opened his pants and presented me with a half hard bulbous cock. 

"Take care of this now, faggot" he said as he drew my mouth down to his organ.

I encased his rod in my hands and drew him into my mouth, sucking on his member; feeling the fat flesh swell and grow.

His cock was thinner than Jerry's and gave relief to my aching jaws.

As I was bent over, Jerry put his hands on my naked ass and began to open my ass cheeks, working his wet finger into my saliva coated asshole. 

I wanted to explain that he couldn't fuck me in the ass; it would fucking tear me apart. But Stephen was now fucking my mouth and I was caught up again in my stupid slut passion.

Damn.

Then Jerry removed his finger and I felt the fat head of his cock pushing at my anus. He started pressing into me, stretching my shit hole with the huge head of his cock.

"Ohhhhhh Fuuuuucknnnn," I moaned around the shaft of the hard man meat that I was sucking on.

The pain of his huge fat meat forcing its way into my small asshole was again intense! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!

In spite of the saliva, my asshole was still too dry but, he pushed his bulbous cock head into my fucking ass, shoving through my anal sphincter with one thrust.

"AAAAHHHEEEHHHH" I screamed, pushing myself off the cock in my mouth, trying to reach behind me to stop Jerry as he ripped his huge cock meat into my bowels. "NOOOoooooo, pllleaasseee..."

I tried to stop him, but he held me firmly and I could feel the massive pain as he forced his way in, his thick monster stretching my shitter unbearably.

"Nooo, please," I cried, "It's too big... I can't... AAAAAHHhhUhhhhhhhh."

I squealed again as he shoved his meat into me, harder, burning a painful fire in my ass.

"Ohhhuh, ohhuh pleas, no, uuhh, noo, uhhhhhhhhhhh..." I groan sliding down Steven's legs my face near the ground with my hands supporting me.

I couldn't feel Jerry moving, just his flaming fuck meat lodged in my ass. I didn't know what to do and I whimpered in abused pain. I felt like his cock was expanding in my asshole, scorching it with its heat, smashing through my intestines into my stomach. If I hadn't had just been fucked last week by Dara and her dildos, I would have probably been screaming even louder.

"OOOOhhh, UUHOOhhh," I lurched forward and groaned again as he thrust and forced my ass to accommodate his thick pole.

My ass lips were being pulled in and out as he began hammering his hard sausage into my sodomized ass canal. 

He thrust every inch of his fat fuck pole into my asshole until his hips pressed against my ass cheeks. I was drowning in painful erotic fire again and then Steven lifted me back up.

While I grunted in pain, he again put his hard manhood to my lips. I surrendered and let his veined flesh slide into my oral cavity. He immediately began plunging in and out of my mouth and I greedily gobbled him up, the carnal pleasure of sucking his fuck meat deep into my throat distracting me from being ripped in two by Jerry.

I was being battered from two directions and I began to become delirious once more with erotic pleasure and pain. One cock jammed down my throat; another cock slammed into my bowels; faster and faster they attacked my naked form, using me for their savage enjoyment.

"Oh, uh, oh, uh, oh, oh," I barely grunted as they smashed their hard cocks in and out of my anal and oral holes.

My asshole was numb with pain, but my insides were wild with erotic fag fucking! The world was only hard cock once more; sensual fucking; burning desire.

Andrew stood behind Steven as everything was reduced to cocks once more fucking me and fucking me and fucking me. 

"Oh yeah, mother fucker," moaned Andrew as he spread his friend's ass and pushed his own cock into Steven, driving him even deeper into my throat. 

Jerry grabbed my hips to pull my tortured asshole to him, burying his pulsing meat in my backside. I felt his titanic member sliding in and out of my flaming asshole, still only barely lubricated by his saliva and my hot ass juices.

"Uuuuooohhhhhhhh NO, nooouuu," I moaned in impassioned lust as I felt the incredible heat of the ass fucking.

It was insane.

"Uh! ... Uh! Uh! UH! UH! UHhhh!" I grunted as he continued to hammer me with his massive, rock hard dick, his huge hairy balls smacking against my whorish ass.

The lewd sensuality had my whole body quivering, moaning and groaning with inflamed desire. Nothing else mattered except hard cocks slamming into me, using my overheated nude figure as a fuck thing. The inside of my rectum was electric with incredible sensations as I mewled and choked on Steven's cock.

Then I heard Andrew begin to groan, speeding up his frenzied fucking in and out of his friend's asshole, driving Steven's hard cock harder and faster in and out of my mouth.

"FUCK, YEAH!" he cried as they both froze and he deposited his hot sperm into Steven's bowels. 

Jerry stopped moving also, his fat dick still lodged painfully in my ass as Andrew jerked and quivered, cumming, his burning seed shooting into Steven's ass. 

I panted in delirium, my own hot dick now hard and jerking and quivering at this frozen tableau of queer sex, slobbering over Steven's hard cock, trapped my the log in my ass.

I don't know how long we stopped there, my mind and body were too far gone, but finally Andrew pulled his cock out of Steven and told him to turn around. 

He pulled his still hard cock out of my mouth and turned around, presenting his cock to his friend and his fresh fucked asshole to my face.

"Lick that pussy, boy," commanded Andrew. "Suck up some of my jizz."

Still trembling from the tremendous cock in my ass, I tentatively stuck my tongue out and touched it to Steven's ass. Andrew slowly pushed Steven back into my face, spreading his ass cheeks with his hands, until my mouth was pressed to the slimy, puckered hole. His juice was oozing out of his fuck hole against my lips and I I was totally high on cock fuck, licking up and down Steven's ass crack, catching the cream dribbling out of his asshole. My nose pushed against his anus and I inhaled his musty ass smell. I formed a spear with my tongue and forced it into Steven's asshole. His sphincter had been stretched enough by Andrew's reaming that I was able to penetrate deep. I was an insane, quivering fuck doll drinking cum out of a faggot's asshole.

My head was spinning and I was panting like a dog. My hands gripped Steven's thighs just as firmly as Andrew gripped his ass cheeks. I was both repelled and incredibly turned on by the rimming that I was giving Steven. And he was just as happy.

"OOOHHH, God Andy, this is just the fucking best," he cried out as he shuddered and shook his hips violently, smothering my face with his ass.

I continued to tongue his asshole as he arched his whole body and came, blasting his spunk into his lover's eager mouth.

"OOOOOooooo, Fffuuuuckkkkk," he moaned jerking his body, forcing me back into Jerry, driving his huge cock even deeper into my abused ass.

"Jerk yourself," demanded Jerry, driving his meat back against me. "I want you to cum."

I seized my dripping organ and furiously began masturbating myself, while Jerry began fucking me again, ripping my asshole apart with his huge schlong, and I continued to suck Steven's asshole.

I came almost immediately, shooting my wad into the dirt, falling down and groaning.

"AHHHAHH! Ahuhm, uhm, uhuhuh," I cried, as my ass convulsed around Jerry's massive member and my head batted back and forth on Steven's thighs.

I felt Jerry's molten sperm flood my bowels. He pumped and came, my asshole clutching at him. And he pumped and came, inundating me with cum.

I fell into the dirt as Jerry's cock pulsed inside of me, practically unconscious, while he held my ass to him until, he finally let me go, my asshole being pulled as his massive member slipped out...
