 I continue my relationship with my gay roommate.

Over the Thanksgiving break, I thought often about what I had done with Charlie usually with a sense of needing it to be kept secret.  When we returned, we were very careful about when we did anything.  A college dorm floor always has people awake no matter what the hour, it seems.  We did not lock our door for it was not uncommon for someone to come in unannounced and if the door was locked you were immediately teased or worse thought of as being a 'homo'.  

Once a week or so we went to the huge university library to study in quiet.  We would go up into the stacks several floors up and each take a carel.  One night we stopped studying around 10:30 and walked back to the dorm along a path that sometimes passed close by buildings and sometimes went through a heavy growth of trees where it was quite dark.

When we got a little ways into one of these areas there were no other people around and Charlie took my hand and led me off the path.  Behind a large tree a good ways from the path, Charlie stopped.  We were hidden from view.  He knelt in front of me.

"I've been thinking of doing this to you all night," he said and unzipped my jeans, unbuckled my belt and pulled my pants down to my knees.  As we had been walking through the trees towards this spot, I had anticipated what we would do and my penis was already swelling.  Charlie held my shaft and I felt the warm wetness of his mouth envelop the head of my penis.

"God, Charlie," I wispered, "God, that feels so good."

I looked down saw his head bobbing and felt myself slide in and out of his mouth.  He swirled his tongue around then flicked it against the flat area under the helmet.  I held his head gently and ran my fingers through his hair.  At that moment there was nothing else in the world except the feeling of my erection in Charlie's mouth.  In a few moments, I started to slightly rock my hips in rythym to his taking more of me in his mouth.  I felt pressure building down under my balls.  Charlie must have felt the head of my penis swelling even more for just before I started to come, he started fondling my testicles.  The pleasure was so intense that I felt like falling to the ground, but I stood and began coming, grunting with every spurt.

When I finished, my dick was still very stiff.  I was breathing hard.  I was bent over and had to place my hand on Charlie's shoulder in order to keep my balance.  When my breathing slowed, I stood up and Charlie rose.  He had kept his mouth full of my sperm and as we had done before, we kissed and I took my cum in my mouth and swallowed.  There is something just so trusting and intimate in this act.

We hugged and I pulled up my pants.

"Charlie, there's something I have to tell you."

"You've got a girl friend?"

"No, not just yet anyway....Charlie, I don't have quite those same feelings you do.  I don't think,'geez, I've got to have his dick in my mouth'.  You know?  When I see a cute girl I think about what it would be like to touch her breasts and kiss her.  I really like what we do and I want to do that with you but I want you to understand.  I'm glad we're friends, I trust you tremendously with the fact that I this is part of me, our relationship.  And you know, I don't have any desire to be with any other guy.  Once some guy down the hall came in to our room and put his hand on my knee.  I knew what he wanted but I wasn't interested." 

We were on the path now walking towards our dorm.

"I think you're saying that you aren't gay."

"Yeah, I guess that's it.  But I feel very close to you and like I said, I trust you tremendously and we're friends and it's very comfortable and enjoyable to have sex together."

He smiled and squeezed my hand and we held hands until we reached the end of the woods and came to a lighted area.

When we got back to the dorm, many were still up despite it being 11:30 on a Wednesday night.  We went down to the communal bathroom, did our ablutions and turned in.

I lay on my back, my mind still busy with what had happened in the woods. After a while, I said softly, "Charlie, are you awake?"

He replied clearly that he was.  I listened for the noises of the hallway outside our door.  It had grown quiet.

I got up and quietly went to the door and locked it.  When I returned, I lay down beside Charlie.  Our rooms were kept very warm and he lay on his back on top of his covers in a t-shirt and briefs.  

Moving close, I put my arm under his head.  I began running my hand over his chest and stomach.  Then I caressed his hip and lightly ran my fingers over his crotch feeling his penis.  As it fondled it through his briefs, I said, "Why is it that I'm six feet and have a six inch dick and you're 5' 7" and have a seven and a half inch dick?"

He laughed and turned his face towards me.  We began gently kissing, our tongues touching.  I began stroking his penis.  I felt the shaft grow.  Running a finger tip up it, I felt the swell of its head.  I took it between two fingers and rubbed it.  Charlie made a small noise that indicated his mounting pleasure.  While we continued to kiss deeply, I held his erection and he began moving his hips fucking my hand.

After a few minutes, I pulled down his briefs and turned him on his back.  While stroking his shaft with my hand, I began sucking the head of his substantial erection.  I swirled my tongue over his dick's head enjoying its swollen softness.  Soon I tasted his tangy precum.  When I returned to sucking on him, I heard Charlie grunt and his breathing quickened.  He held my head, his whole body stiffened and he pushed his hips up.  A moment later, he began coming.  My mouth filled with his semen some dribbling out of the side of my mouth.  The rest I happily swallowed.

Both of us now sated, we lay next to each other and fell asleep.