 The whole floor was packed, people all over the place. College students at Temple University were partying their asses off on a wild Thursday night. After a long day Brandon headed to his dorm room. It has been tiring days, working with the basketball team. Long days and hot nights is how it has been for Brandon. With class, studying and being on the basketball team, Brandon had no time to himself. 

Off the court, he had to deal with hoe-ass cheerleaders on his dick, but he had no love for them. He preferred to watch his roommate Malik or the others on the basketball team strip in the showers then to see the cheerleaders walking around in skanky ass outfits. Brandon was gay, but on the Down Low about it.

He walked to his dorm room, passing drunken girls and high guys. As he got to his dorm room, he unbuttoned his pants before he went in. He thought if he couldn't get anybody on the basketball team or even Malik, he could at least jack off while dreaming of them.

When he got in, the whole room was dark. He was about to turn on the lights when he heard someone say, "Don't bother."

"Who the fuck is in here?" he said.

"Who do you think?" a voice came from nearby.

Brandon was shocked. He was trying to figure out who was taking to him. 

"Close the door," the person said. 

He could definitely tell it was a man. Brandon slowly closed the door, praying it wasn't a robber or somebody playing a fucked up prank.

"Sit down," the man said. 

Brandon stumbled over a few clothes before finding a chair. 

"Would you like to know who I am?" the man said. 

Brandon could tell that he was closer to him then he was a few minutes ago.

"Yeah," Brandon whispered.

"If I let you know, you have to promise to stay here and do what I say," the man said.

"Are you fucking crazy?!" Brandon asked.

"Then I guess you just won't know" the man said.

"Alright, alright" Brandon said. 

He was becoming impatient with the man. All of the sudden the lights in the room turned on. Brandon turned around slowly. When he saw his mystery man, he was shocked. He couldn't believe it. It was Malik, his roommate and Brandon's mouth hung open for a minute.

"What...what are you doing? Fucking with me like that nigga." he asked and quickly stood from his chair.

"Well B, I've seen you looking at me and I thought that you'd like to get a closer look" Malik said.

"I uh," Was all Brandon could say.

Malik was standing there, only wearing his Nikes and his red Calvin Klein boxers. He was also sporting an acceptable sized hard-on. Brandon glanced up and down Malik's body. He admired the well-developed chest, not a hair on it. He then looked at Malik's six pack abs. He glanced down to the boxers that had a huge bulge in them.

"Well, what do you think?" Malik said as he approached Brandon.

"I'm impressed," Brandon said, losing his ambitions.

"Well then let's get down to business." Malik said softly. 

They both walked over to each other and kissed. It was a hot and passionate kiss. Their hands slid over each other's bodies. Brandon moan as Malik grabbed his crotch area.

"Uh yeah Malik, please me." he whispered.

"Oh you're right about that!" Malik said as he grabbed Brandon's large balls. "Let's get more comfortable." 

He kicked off his Nikes and left his socks on. Brandon dropped his pants shyly, not the way he does on stage. He pulled off his shirt and threw it to the floor. He removed his shoes and then took his pants off all the way. All he remained in was his white boxers and his white socks with his gold chain dangling from his neck. They kissed again.

Malik took Brandon's hand and led him to the bed in Brandon's room. It was covered in white linen. Malik lay down on the bed and Brandon got on top of him. They kissed passionately and hard. Brandon ran his hands up and down Malik's chest. Malik ran his hands over Brandon's ass.

Malik gripped Brandon's ass and grinded his cock against Brandon's. Brandon moaned in the heat of passion. Sweat trickled down his body. Malik kissed slowly on the luscious lips. He put his tongue into Brandon's mouth. He began exploring the young man's mouth. 

He could feel Brandon's member, pressing hard against his inner thigh. It was a real turn on to him. Malik slipped his hands up Brandon's back and then back down to his ass. Brandon put his hands around Malik's neck and kissed even more. Malik pulled his lips off of Brandon's.

"It's time we took this a little further," Malik said while panting. Brandon shook his head in agreement. 

Malik slid his fingers to Brandon's boxers and tugged them off. He awed at the sight of the well-developed nine inch piece of meat. Malik grabbed hold of the dick and began jacking it. He then pulled off his own boxers, revealing a foot long dick. Brandon was shocked by the length and definitely the thickness. He thought he was big, but this was the Mother of all dicks.

"Malik, what're we doing, man." Brandon asked and Malik's reply was getting on his knees and silently sucking Brandon's dick with force.

"I'm doing what I've wanted to for a minute and you don't seem to be stopping me," Malik told him, licking the head of his pipe. "If you want me to stop than just tell me to."

Brandon should have been telling him to stop, but this was what he wanted and Malik sucked his pipe like it was a perfect straw and it felt so good.

"Shit, don't stop, bruh." he moaned, gripping Malik's head.

Seconds later, Malik deep-throated his big dick. Brandon felt his head hit the back of his throat, which turned me on even more. Spit started to run down the shaft as he continued to suck his roommate.

Brandon gripped the back of Malik's head harder, "That's right, suck that big thing."

Malik kept sucking the dick, but soon moved south, putting both of Brandon's balls in his mouth as if he were trying to eat them whole.

Brandon moaned furiously. "Yeah Malik! Come on nigga, give it to me! Yeah, you like this mother fuckin' dick don't you?!" 

Brandon loved every minute of it. Finally he nutted in 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 hot spurts of cum. Malik swallowed what he could and enjoyed it. It was his first taste of dick and he loved it! He loved the smell of Brandon's dick and his baseball shaped balls.

"It's time for a little more," Malik said. 

He got on top of Brandon and began licking his asshole. The feeling of his roommate's tongue working it's rhythm on his hole felt good. Brandon dick became rock hard again while he scratched at the bed sheets and bit his lip in pure pleasure.

"You like that, baby?" Malik said, coming up for air.

Brandon ignored him and reached behind to push his head back down to his anus while dry humping the bed. Brandon rubbed the back of Malik's head as he grinded his face into his ass. Malik smacked his ass followed a few more and Brandon damn near came from that. Brandon's pleasure intensified as his friend rubbed and licked his asshole. He pushed a finger in and with a slight pop sensation; his ass was penetrated.

"This is what's going to happen. I'm going to lie down and you are going to get on my dick. I'll fuck you real good." Malik said.

Malik lay back down and Brandon got on top of him. He slowly let Malik's dick in his ass. He got two inches in and started grunting from pain. 

"Come on pretty boy, you can do it." Malik urged. 

Malik reached up and pinched Brandon's nipples. Brandon moan from pleasure and went down two more inches. He let it get six inches in before he started to let tears roll from his eyes.

Malik grabbed Brandon's hips and moved them up and down, fucking just six inches in him. Brandon soon began to moan from pleasure. He loved it!

"Oh yeah, yeah, yeah! Ahhh, I love it Malik! Yes, yes, yes, fuck me!" Brandon screamed. 

Malik began to buck and let two more inches go in Brandon. He fucked harder and harder.

"Yeah, you like this big black dick huh? Say it baby, say my name! Let me know whose ass is it!" Malik yelled. 

He got another two inches in Brandon, but Brandon didn't notice. He was too busy moaning and screaming. 

"Uh it's yours baby. Yeah Malik! Uh it's Malik big ass Harder!" Brandon yelled.

Malik got all twelve inches inside of Brandon. Brandon was straining but loving it. Malik reached up and began jerking Brandon's hard nine inches. It flopped in his hands and he jerked it. 

"Yeah, jerk my dick, nigga!" he moaned. 

Soon Brandon came in spurts on Malik's chest and his own, but it wasn't over yet as Malik flipped Brandon on his back and mounted him missionary style, carrying on where he left off.

"Don't worry, Brandon. This dick ain't going nowhere," he said shoving his cock back inside his guts.

With us face to face, they stared at each other seeing just how much each of them was enjoying it. Every time Malik's body crashed down on him, Brandon could feel every inch of his fat meat stretching his hole and loved it.

"You like this dick don't you, Brandon?" Malik asked. "Say it again."

"Yes," he responded full of lust.

"You like getting fucked?" Malik asked, his voice sounding edgy and pitched like his nut was coming.

"Yes. Ooooh shit! Yes!" Brandon replied, feeling his dick hitting the parts inside of him that made him feel so good. 

Malik was thrusting with real intensity now, using his entire length to drive into Brandon's ass without remorse. His voice was becoming raspy and uncontrolled. He started to grunt and moan loudly with each hard thrust he fucked Brandon with, who moaned in response to what he was doing to him.

"Yes, oh that feels so good. Don't stop...fuck me."

"Yeah, Brandon, you like this shit, don't you? Moan for me, boo." Malik groaned. "Whose ass is this, bitch?"

"It's yours; nigga...it's all yours! Fuck, I'm cumming!" Brandon screamed, shooting loads of hot cum between them.

"Ooooh, yeah Brandon! But that shit! You like this dick?"

"Yes! Oh god! Yeah, don't stop." Malik said as he pumped Brandon ass faster and harder as much as he could until he busted his nut.

"I'm cumming, I'm cumming!" Malik moaned as he collapsed on top of him, their bodies soaked in sweat.

Malik pulled out and Brandon felt his nut leaking out as they caught their breaths.

"Damn, Malik! I didn't know you liked dick."

"Pussy, dick, it's all good to me, nigga. Ya sexy ass has been on my mind. I saw you checking a brotha out, so I came for that ass tonight."

Brandon smirked. "So I guess you're on the down low too, huh?"

"Yup, with most of basketball team." Malik replied shockingly.