 Inspired by a friend's experience...


***


Johnny Wadd. That was the title of the feature at the first porn theatre I had ever gone to, and that was a day I will never forget. It was sometime in 1974, and I had just turned 18. To celebrate I decided to go to this theatre in Schenectady, New York called the Colony Art Theatre.

I don't know where the "Art" part of the name came from, because all they showed was porn. The theatre was rundown and the quality of the movie prints was bad, but I didn't know any better and furthermore I didn't care.

I didn't go alone on that weekday afternoon in June. My friend Alan came up with me, and even drove, but when we got there we encountered a problem. Alan couldn't get in. Although he looked older than I did, Alan wasn't quite 18 yet, and when the guy at the ticket counter hit us up for ID, Alan was screwed.

I went back outside with him, not wanting to go alone, but he insisted I go see the movie without him, telling me I could take the bus home and tell him all about it. I didn't want to, but I kept looking over at the movie poster, and finally I gave in

"Sorry kid," the grubby looking guy said as he looked at my Baptism Certificate which was going to serve as my proof until I got my draft card. "Cops have been busting our ass lately."

I told him that was okay, fumbling to put my proof away while another man waited patiently behind me to pay, and then I was inside.

It was so dark that I couldn't see my hand in front of my face at first, but as my eyes adjusted to the lack of light I staggered down the aisle a few rows and moved to the end of a row of seats, hoping that I wasn't going to sit on somebody lap.

Up on the screen, there was flesh. Naked flesh and lots of it. The women were gorgeous of course, especially for someone who had never seen a real live one yet, but one of the actors caught my eye, and for good reason. It had to be the guy my more knowledgeable friend knew about, John Holmes, who Alan had told me had a dick "even bigger than yours".

That was crazy, since mine was only big compared to my friend's, and the thing that was swinging between the horse-faced actor's legs looked inhuman. As the film went on I came to realize that I was every bit as excited by Mr. Holmes as I was with the girls he was sinking that log into.

At that point in my life I was sure than I was straight, and only had a few dalliances with guys when girls were unavailable. Maybe I had been kidding myself up until then, but as my jeans got more and more cramped I learned more and more about me. 

Finally I could stand it no longer and got ready to pull my cock out and jerk off, hoping that in the darkness of the sparsely filled room I would go unnoticed, but just as I started to unzip I saw a figure coming toward me down the aisle.

"Shit," I whispered to myself as the shape got closer, although I had to admit that in the darkness I had been nearly blind too.

"Sorry," the voice mumbled when he bumped into me, but then instead of moving back down the aisle he plopped down next to me.

I couldn't believe my bad luck. There had to be a thousand seats in the place and I could only see about a dozen heads silhouetted in the aisles in front of me. I was trapped, with the wall on my right side and this guy on my left, so I sat and fidgeted while trying to figure out what to do.

"He's something, isn't he?" the man said to me, leaning against me and whispering in my ear. 

I think I nodded, because my mouth was so dry I don't think I let out more than a squeak when I tried to respond.

"Wish I had one like him," the guy said, his minty breath only partially masking the fact that he smoked, but that wasn't on my mind as his hand went onto my lap. "Don't you?".

I could have jumped up and scrambled out past him, or screamed at him to leave me alone, creating such a scene that he would retreat, but I did neither. Instead I sat there frozen while his hand found the bulge that had only lost a little stiffness from the shock of what was happening.

"Mmm... nice," the stranger said as he started to rub the bulge which was heading towards my pocket.

"Please don't," I whimpered, but it came out so softly that I wasn't sure he heard me until he responded.

"Why not? You like it, don't you?" he said as his hand keep rubbing. "You got nothing to be ashamed of. Got a big one, don't you? Bigger than mine. See?"

My hand got pried off of the arm of the chair, and while I offered a little resistance if got pulled over towards him, but instead of being put on his lap it got pulled into his pocket, which didn't really exist.

No pocket inside the opening, and no underwear either. Just a long slender semi-erect cock, and like I had no control over what I was doing, I let him coax me into holding it.

"Just relax," he said. "That's it. Pull on it nice and slow."

I didn't relax. I stood there and pulled on a stranger's dick inside his baggy trousers, and I let him keep squeezing and rubbing me through the denim. The jeans were tight, in the style of the times, but he didn't do anything but rub and tease me.

How long did this go on? I don't know. I lost all track of time. I was like a marionette, and the puppet master was in complete control. He sensed when I was about to cum and would slow down or back right off, only to go back and bring me to the brink of cumming again.

Soon I was pushing myself into his hand, sliding down into the chair in an effort to have an orgasm, even if it was in my jeans, and the stranger seemed to be enjoying my agony.

"Want to cum?" he asked a couple of times, and I kept grunting yes, but then he stopped suddenly and pulled my hand out of his trick trousers and off of his dick.

"Wait a minute and then follow me out," he said, standing up and then leaning down to whisper. "Don't keep me waiting. I need it as bad as you do."

He didn't say it in a threatening way, but in my scatterbrained condition I took it as more of a command. On the screen, the movie had ended without me knowing it, and the coming attractions were playing. I wanted to just sit where I was and  finish what that stranger had started, but instead I got up and walked out of the theater.

As I passed the box office the guy that sold me the ticket chuckled when I went past him, telling me that I looked like I had fun, but it wasn't until I got outside that I felt the dampness. Looking down I saw the massive wet stain that covered half of my lap.

I hadn't cum, but the way my dick had drooled, it sure looked like I had. I tried the cover myself as best I could but it was hopeless, so I staggered outside into the sunlight, which blinded me after getting used to the darkness inside.

There he was, standing out near the curb. The man that had been sitting next to me, and I realized that it was the very same man that had been behind me when I bought the ticket. He didn't look so scary in the light, and looked old enough to be may father.

Probably 50 or so, and about 5'9" and medium weight, which was about the same as I was. He wore glasses though, and his hair was short, curly and thinning on top, whereas mine was long and strawberry blond.

"I live close by," the man said, herding me down the street with a gentle hand. "We'll get those jeans off of you and clean you up nice."

If the man had been a serial killer or something similar, I would not be here to tell the tale, because I went with him like I was on a leash. We were a couple of blocks behind State Street in a matter of minutes, and walking through a shabby neighborhood.

The man took my arm and pulled me into a big pink house that had six mailboxes outside, and after he took me up a flight of stairs we entered a shabby apartment. The door closed behind us, the lock clicked shut, and then the man was grinding into my rear end from behind while undoing my belt.

"Um... mister," I said with a dry throat that made speech difficult. "I have to go to the bathroom."

"Ed," the man said as he pointed to the left. "I'll be in the room across the hall, waiting impatiently."

I nodded and he squeezed my butt when I went past him. Inside the relative safety of the bathroom, I leaned against the door and tried to get my heart into a regular rhythm again. The guy in the mirror above the toilet looked like a deer in the headlights, and after I tinkled a little bit I flushed and tried to clean my sticky dick at the sink.

Thoughts of bolting out the door were racing through my mind as I dried myself with a worn towel, wincing as I pulled up my soggy Fruit of the Looms and pants. I wanted to run, but I also wanted to stay.

I had messed around with Andy, and with a guy in the neighborhood that was in college, but this was different. This was an adult - a real adult - not just chronologically a man, and I was in way over my head. Taking a deep breath, I stepped out of the bathroom, preparing to tell the man - Ed - that I had to go home for some reason.

Ed was in the bedroom, naked. His hand was cupped around his dick and he was pulling on it while walking around the unmade bed in the center of the room. I chickened out, not being able to tell the guy that I had to leave, not after he had his clothes off and everything. 

He looked even smaller without clothes, and in his own way he looked a little like Andy in stature. The obviously differences were that while Andy's skin was smooth a practically hairless, Ed's skin was light brown and he was very hairy. Andy was circumcised, like me, and this man wasn't, which was off-putting as well to someone who had never touched an uncut one.

"I get to unwrap you," Ed said as he motioned me into the room. "I like that."

Face to face, I was a little taller than him, but I didn't feel that way as he ran his hands over the image of Jimi Hendrix on my t-shirt, and then his hands moved down and took the bottom of the shirt and lifted it up.

Raising my arms to allow Ed to take my shirt off, I found my hand tangled up the the garment after it went over my head. The man had twisted it up so that my hands were stuck behind my head, and I stood there tied up he smiled.

"Don't be scared. I won't bite, but I will nibble a little."

With that he leaned down and started licking my nipple, making the little nub hard, and after doing the same to the other one he leaned back and smiled while keeping my hands over my head.

"A real blonde too," he said, reaching over to run his fingers under my arm, and I was embarrassed at how drenched with perspiration I had become.

"Sweaty," I said aloud, apologizing and hoping I didn't smell even though I had showered earlier that day.

"You smell nice," Ed said, reading my mind, and added, "I'll bet you taste nice too."

His eyes never left mine as he leaned down toward me, grinning just before running his tongue under my arm, pasting the sparse fur against my wet skin and causing my entire body to convulse.

"Like that, don't you? I'll have to remember that..." he asked, pausing a second before saying, "Sorry, I don't know your name."

"Jim - Jimmy," I said as sweat poured down the sides of my face.

"Jimmy," Ed repeated as he let go of the grip of my shirt and pulling it off my wrists. "Now let's get a look at what felt so nice back at the movies."

Ed pulled me over to the bed by my belt and sat on the edge of the mattress while dropping my snug jeans to my ankles.

"Did I do that?" Ed asked as he saw the outline of my cock in the soggy tight whiteys and ran his hand over the bulge. "I did say I would clean you up."

I started to tell him that I had done a little cleaning back in the bathroom, but after he pulled down my underwear I soon found out what he meant.

"Look at you," Ed said as he caressed my cock in his palm, and after a couple of strokes I was as hard as blue steel despite my nervousness. "What a nice big cock you have!"

He was just being nice, like I always was with Andy, because mine was not all that big. In fact, looking down at Ed stroking himself with his free hand I could tell that there wasn't really much difference between the two of us length-wise, although his was a lot skinnier. Whatever the reason, he was making me feel less nervous, and when he leaned forward and started to lick the opening on the tip of the bell-shaped head, I was feeling something even better. 

"Sweet," Ed sighed as he leaned back and let the string of pre-cum on his tongue fall back on his chin.

"Aw!" I groaned as he went back to licking the slit.

"You want to cum, don't you Jimmy?" he asked while looked up at my face, which probably reflected the sweet agony I was in as my eyes burned from the sweat pouring into them.

"Can't - hold it," I grunted.

"I don't want you to," Ed said calmly before opening his mouth and letting his lips slide slowly over the head and down the shaft until his forehead was brushing against my pubes, and whatever he was doing with his tongue was working too well.

I came, and came hard, having to grab Ed's shoulders so I didn't fall down as my orgasm was my whole body shake. Ed kept sucking, and didn't stop until I went completely limp in his mouth.

Ed got up, and after I looked at his erection bouncing in front of him, asked him if he wanted me to do that to him too.

"Maybe later," Ed said as he had me lay on the bed face down. "Right now I just want to play with you. You don't mind, do you?"

I didn't mind because Ed's hands felt so good as they massaged my back and shoulders, his fingers digging deep in my flesh as he straddled me. I loved the way his hairy legs rubbed against my hips, and when he leaned down I could feel his cock sliding up and down the crack of my ass.

"You like that, don't you Jimmy?" Ed asked, and I was about to tell him that this was something my friend liked to do to me, slipping his dick up and down the fold between my cheeks until he came, but then Ed's hands left my back.

"What a sweet ass."

I felt something wet being pressed between my ass cheeks, and then a greasy finger found my anus and forced itself inside the taut ring.

"Here we go," Ed said as I started to turn around to find out what was going on, only to have Ed fall onto me, and with that felt something bigger than a finger squeeze inside of me.

"OW!" I cried, squirming in an effort to get out from under him, but he was too heavy and even though I cried out he kept pushing that long thin cock of his into my ass.

"What's wrong?" he asked after fully impaling me.

"It hurts," I whimpered, and I guess it was about then when Ed realized that what had just happened was a first for me.

"Sorry," Ed said, although he wasn't sorry enough to take his dick out of me, but as he rested on top of me I got used to the feel of him in my virgin ass, and when the pain ebbed the feeling was replaced by something different. "I didn't know. Cute kid with a sweet bubble butt like yours still cherry? Unreal."

"I'm sorry about crying," I said. "It just felt so big."

"Never heard that before," Ed chuckled. "Kinda like hearing that. Do you want me to stop?"

I could have said no, but I didn't. Instead I just lay there with him inside of me, catching my breath, and then I felt him pull his dick almost all the way out before sliding it all the way back in me.

"You like it now, don't you?" Ed asked, correctly guessing that the way I groaned and my body shook indicated I was starting to like it, a lot.

Clawing at the bedding, I kept moaning as Ed rocked back and forth, and I cried out again when Ed pulled all the way out.

"Let's get you up here," Ed said as he got me up on my hands and knees, and after lubricating me some more, put his dick back in me with less effort than the initial time.

"Oh man," I groaned as Ed started slowly moving in and out of me, and it started feeling better and better as he thrust faster and deeper.

"You're so tight, Jimmy," Ed moaned while leaning down over my back and reaching his hands around me to squeeze my nipples. "Still hurt?"

"No," I grunted, as now I was wishing that his cock was bigger, wondering what that Johnny Wadd's monstrous organ would feel like if he could force it inside my butt.

"Oh yeah, you do like it!" Ed hissed as his hand moved down and found my cock, which was so hard it was curling up toward my stomach.

Ed's hand wrapped around my cock, and soon his fist was jerking me off hard while his dick was pounding into my ass like a piston. It was all so good - his hand, his cock and the feel of his hairy chest against my back - and I didn't last long even though I had cum just a little while ago.

I looked down at my dick spurting cum wildly over the bedding, and as I came I heard Ed groan above me while a warmth filled my bowels. Just like that, it was over. Ed's deflating dick slithered out of me, and then we eased down into the sticky sheets, while Ed kept milking me as if to drain me dry.

"Hope you liked it as much as I did," Ed said while hugging me from behind.

"Yeah," I said, and after a minute I told him that if he wanted to do it again, I was more than willing.

"Wish I could," Ed said. "What I was your age - boy what I would give to be 18 again - but it takes a while for me to reload. Besides, my wife will be home in a while. Better clean up and get ready to take off, Jimmy."

Ed was married, and it wasn't until then that I noticed a picture on the dresser of him and a plump woman that looked like the maid on that TV show, Hazel.

Reluctantly I got out of the bed and gave myself a little clean up in the sink before putting on my jeans, which had mostly dried, and rejoining Ed out in the hall.

"Maybe we can get together again sometime," Ed said as he showed me to the door, and just like that I was out on the street.

I made my way out to the street, heading in the general direction of the Colony Art Theater, but after a brief mental debate about going back in to see more of Johnny Wadd, I opted to catch the bus and head home.

After all, I had a lot to tell my friend Andy, and maybe I could coax him into letting me explain it to him in ways more interesting than the verbal method.