 After my adventure with Allen at the Midtowne I really wanted to go again and I also wanted to meet up with Tim again.

One evening I told him so while chatting on line. I told him of my adventure at the Midtowne with Allen and asked if he had ever been there. 

He said "yes but, he didn't get play at the time and always wanted to go back."

Part of the problem I had with meeting up with guys is I worked the weekends plus, I was up in the mountains. Sort of a pain in the ass to go all the way to Denver for a few hours and be back in time for work the next morning. My days off were Monday and Tuesday. In addition Tim was married.

Then Tim came up with a simple solution. He was in a position at his job where he could take a two hour lunch if needed and he would get it the next day; my day off.

I was a pretty happy guy, I made sure to leave in plenty of time in case something happened like it often did to slow me down. Fortuned smiled on me for a change! Sunny day, no snow storms (summer time), no wrecks or traffic jams, my truck didn't break down, I knew where to go; all the things that had stopped me before! I even got there early and had to sit in my truck and wait.

Well, we were supposed to meet at 11 a.m. and I checked the lot and the street and did not see Tim's car. I went inside hoping he was there. Paid my fee and got my usual pain in the butt towel and a locker.

I wasn't the least bit nervous this time. Guess I had enough gay sex in ABS stores and the one experience at the Midtowne it all seemed like home. There were two other guys in the locker room undressing but, right then I just wanted to find Tim.

I started walking the place, looking into the empty bed rooms. The place was actually kind of dead right then. But, I kept going, checked the shower and the saunas and out on the deck and no Tim. I went downstairs and it seemed darker than the last time I had been there. I roamed the halls and actually got a little bit lost and confused. I couldn't find the orgy room or the stairs. 

Sadly the jail cells, B&D, and glory holes were all empty. However I finally did find the stairs back up and continued my hunt for Tim on the first level. There were a few more guys but, still no Tim. I waited by the locker room and walked the hallways. After about my tenth lap it was 11:20 and I thought he wasn't coming and I headed downstairs.

One more lap around the basement and no Tim. But I did find the orgy room this time. I walked and had to let my eyes adjust to the low light. There was only one guy in the room and sitting on the back bench wearing a towel, rubbing his cock. I walked right up to him, dropped to my knees, moved his towel, and stuck my head between his legs and licked his cock. He jumped really at my quick advance and I think he wasn't sure what was happening but, damn it, I was there for some good Fag sex!

He didn't protest though as I swallowed him down and sucked long and hard and got him hard in a flash. He was a young man and very well built. I sucked on his cock and deep throated for a bit, ran my tongue around the rim of the crown, played with his balls and rubbed his asshole. After a bit he asked me to lay down on the bench and as I did he threw one leg over me and put his crotch in my face and we went into a 69. This lasted for a bit and I was really turned on by the fact that I was blowing a guy that I didn't know his name or to be honest what he really looked like. It was such a turn on to be in fully naked in a semi-public place with a complete stranger's cock in my mouth and getting my cock sucked too. 

Well, it didn't last that long. My young man grew tired I guess, he sat up, pulled out, turned around and sat on my chest. He grabbed his cock and started jerking off and in a few seconds he became the first guy to blow his sperm all over my chest and face. As soon as he was done, he stood up, grabbed his towel and left without a word. Leaving me to look for my towel to wipe myself off and a building case of blue balls.

I didn't have to wait long as another guy had come into the room as the other guy was leaving. I was laying on the bench and I guess being the only other guy in the room he walked towards me and stopped short of running into me. I think he was wondering if I wanted to play and I was sort of doing the same thing. But, I reached up and pushed my hand into the fold of his towel and grabbed his already hard cock and pulled him towards me. 

No, "Hello my name is John or what do you want to do?" He just laid down on his side and buried his face into my crotch and I pulled his ass closer until his cock was in my face or to be more exact in my mouth. Not really sure how long I had been there but, I had the second cock of the morning in my mouth in less than a minute since finishing the first. 

Laying on my side facing the door I could see guys coming into the room and as it was getting closer to noon and more guys were coming in; mostly older guys. At one point however, I looked up and in a shaft of light I could see a big mustache and skinny body. 

I couldn't really see the owner's face but, I was pretty sure who it was. I called out "Tim is that you?" and he replied "yes." But, before more could be said my present owner reached down, grabbed the back of my head and shoved it towards his cock.

Well, didn't seem right to get and leave the guy and he was doing a pretty good job sucking my cock. I went back to work leaving Tim to his own devices. I was doing the best I could with the guy's cock. He seemed to really like when I took my finger and rubbed his taint while I licked the tip. I would do this for a bit and then grabbed both his balls and pull on them while I deep throated him. He really seemed to like that because every time I did it he stopped sucking my cock and would buck his hips. 

Well, I did manage to look up and the room now had a dozen or so guys in it. I saw that Tim was on his knees and sucking the cock of a black man. I guess he was black, still kind of dark in that room but, I could see Tim's head bobbing back and forth on a very dark shape. Someone stepped up though and blocked my view. 

He started rubbing my side and reaching down and grabbing my ass and then a second guy did the same. My cock in a complete stranger's mouth, a complete stranger fucking my mouth and being rubbed by two other naked strangers, what a turn on!

I took the cock out of my mouth and raised up, mostly to get a breath of air. One of the guys giving me the massage didn't give me a chance to get that air as he pushed his cock right into my mouth. So, now I'm sucking on the third complete stranger's cock. I deep throated him and ran my tongue all the way up. I could see that the other guy was standing as close to all of us as possible and I took my mouth off the third cock and took the fourth strange cock within fifteen minutes into my mouth. I then went back and forth between the three dicks. 

I was having a great time! I don't think I really noticed that I was getting my dick sucked. I was doing something I always wanted to do and that was be in orgy! If they had wanted to gang bang my ass I would of let them but, it seemed to be all blow jobs; besides I wasn't ready for anal.

Well, this didn't last long. The forth guy moved off I assume to find his own partner and this opened up my view a little bit. I could barely see my friend Tim still on his knees with his dark shape. I heard a cry out and saw the dark shape bucking and saw Tim's head bouncing back and forth quickly.

That didn't last long either as my horizontal friend grabbed the back of my head and shoved me down again. I went at his cock sucking like a wild man and I found out why he wanted me back down there as suddenly he shoved my head so hard with his hips he banged my head on the wall, didn't hurt. And he came with a big gush and pumped a few ropes into my mouth and shuddered while I did it. Awww the taste of hot, fresh cum!

He got up and moved off without returning the favor. I sat up and didn't really get a chance to breathe as a cock was offered to my mouth. Now I think it was the third guy but, I'm not really sure. Anyway, I took him into my mouth and started my bobbing. I couldn't see anymore but, I could hear moans and groans and announcements of guy's cumming. I think I had become a professional cock sucker by then. I was just licking this guy's dick and pulling on his balls and alternating by deep throating him. Then someone stepped up and offered another cock. I couldn't tell you what any of the men in the last half hour looked like but, I knew I had cock number 5. I had a cock in each hand while I sucked them.

I swapped back and forth quickly, down on one and back up, swap to the other and down, repeat. One of the two made a joke about multi-tasking that I didn't exactly catch but, they were both laughing. Number three didn't last long, well I had been working on it for some time now but, the next time I went down on him he grabbed the back of my head and said he was cumming. 

I tried to rise up and go back down but he held my head and started fucking my face and a few seconds later I got my third load of cum for the day. He held my head hard into his crotch and fucked away. I had let go of both cocks and grabbed the cummers ass and pulled him into me. Like the others he finished and walked away without a word.

And like the others before I could breathe cock number five stepped up put his cock in my mouth and started fucking my mouth. I wasn't giving head I was getting mouth fucked! He had his hands on both sides of my head and jack hammering away. I was pretty good at deep throat but I was having a real tough time not gagging on this one. To my very pleasant surprise someone got down on their knees next to me and bent over and started sucking my cock.

Wish someone had taken pictures of the three of us. One guy standing and face fucking a guy's face, a guy sitting on a bench getting face fucked and some guy almost laying on his stomach sucking that guys cock. Then number 5 blew his load into my mouth! A really big load too, some of it ran down my chin.

He stepped back and the guy blowing me stood up. I really needed a little break and stood up before anyone had a chance to get his dick in my mouth. I didn't know where I going I just needed a break. It didn't last long though. The guy that had been sucking me had taken my right arm and I didn't see who but, someone was pulling my left arm. 

They stirred me around and moved me from the back wall to the side wall. A lot of guys had left and I had the whole bench to myself I laid down on my back and was sitting up on my elbows. I really wanted to just rest, look around the room and see what was going on but, that didn't happen. The guy that had been on the floor sucking me stepped up and offered me his cock.

Wasn't easy blowing him while on my elbows so I sat and dropped my left leg off the bench. I had planned of just sitting but, someone laid down on the bench and took my cock in his mouth. Guy #4 sucking my cock while I sucked #6. Two guys stepped up next to him and I grabbed both cocks. 

I felt like the Belle of the Ball or the main mouth of the orgy at least. I was actually very happy. I again did the swap off thing. Sucking and jacking cocks 6, 7, and 8. However 7 and 8 grew tired and moved off to who knows where. I concentrated on #6 and was enjoying getting my cock sucked on. Wasn't long before #6 got a stiff spine and with a grunt unloaded into my mouth. Not much really, just a couple of squirts and he moved away. 

I was exhausted for the most part. It was becoming difficult to close my jaw as it had been stretched so much. I did see the room was about empty by now and I was actually glad because I don't think I could do anymore. I laid down on the bench and my sucker moved around to accommodate me. I lay back with eyes closed enjoying my blow job. I have no idea how long I had been there. I had eight different cocks in my mouth and had mine sucked by four guys and had yet to cum but, it finally came and I blew my load into his mouth. I was rude and didn't even tell him I was coming, I just blew it and he took it all down.

Damn, I was exhausted. I had just planned of sucking a load or maybe two from Tim and here I had six. Someone started pulling on my arm and I opened my eyes and it was Tim. 

"Come on" said Tim. "Let's hit the hot tub." 

At first I thought he was going to have to carry me there as I was so tired. The sun hurt the eyes after being in the semi-dark room all that time. But standing in the hot summer sun, completely nude in front of other nude guys felt great! Tim and I got into the hot tub and I was eyeing a young man next to me who seemed to be eyeing me back.

Tim and I talked and I asked "Did you get sucked off?" 

He gave me a funny look and said "Yeah, you did it." 

"When?" I replied. 

"You were sitting on the bench after you sucked off a guy you were 69ing and then you did a guy in front of me while sitting up." 

Turned out Tim had been man #4. Guess that was why I had trouble swallowing him down because of Tim's big cock.

I had to laugh at that and told him I had a mile of cock so far that morning. 

I then said "Wish I knew who sucked me off, that guy was great. I would like to thank him." 

Tim again looked surprised and said "you are welcome." 

I laughed again and said "sorry, I was pretty busy and it was dark in there."

"Speaking of dark, did you blow a black guy in there?" I asked. 

"Yes, he really filled my mouth up" Tim said.

Well, the young man that had been eye balling me got out of the tub and went inside. I was hoping he would reach over and play with but, he didn't.

I was thinking of going after him. I asked Tim how long he had for lunch and he replied he had gotten extra time for this lunch to attend to his personal business but, he needed to get back soon. 

He asked me if I wanted to go to lunch. I hesitated and told him I was thinking of going back for another blow job but, Tim looked kind of hurt when I told him that so, not wanting to insult a friend I agreed to lunch.

I went to the shower for a quick rinse. While there a very slim man in a thong and a big smile walked up to me. I had to beg off, which was shame because that thong looked pretty full.

Tim and I met at an outdoor restaurant. I couldn't tell you the name of it now to save my life. But, we ordered, enjoyed the sunshine. Of course it was the lunch hour and lot of people were there. I wondered what they would think if they knew the two men sitting next to them in the last hour had been nude and sucking a room full of cock. That one of those men had sex with 8 different men in one late morning. 

I wondered who else there might have a secret. I looked at the waitress and wondered if her pussy got filled with the manager's sperm before opening? Did that guy in the business have a butt full of sperm from his lover that morning? Did that chubby housewife with her friends in the corner get gang banged last Saturday night while her husband watched? Are those married secretary types really lesbian lovers? You just really never know about people do you?

Sadly it would be the last time I saw Tim. We stayed in touch but play time never ever seemed to match up for us. 

Few years later he emailed me that he had finally decided he was gay and came out to his wife and kids. The wife told him she knew the marriage had died long ago but, didn't know what to do. 

They had a friendly divorce. He later told me he had met a man and were one of the first gay couples to get married in Colorado. Marriage must be awful sex killer because Tim said "he and his husband had a limited sex life since getting married."

Anyway, that wasn't the last time to the bath house. I went back a few months later at the noon hour and only two guys were there and they were not interested in me. Swore I would go back at night some time but, for some reason I never did.

The following Spring I was tired of Winter Park and packed up and headed back to Montana. But, I will never forget the bathhouse.

*****

(My reviewer asked if this was a true story and yes it is. Believe it or not.) The Author is a Bisexual writer wanna be. I appreciate constructive criticism and comments on my writing.