 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This chapter contains bisexual encounters with a bi-guy and gay guy. It also contains straight sex. 

BACK TO GORDY

On Monday morning, I left Sandy and Gordy sleeping in bed when I went to work. Sandy was flying back to Denver later that day and Gordy would prepare for his interviews that week. I got home from work around 6:00 PM and joined Gordy for a drink in the great room. Later we would have some cold cuts and cheese but first we relaxed. He had gotten a haircut but he still looked as feminine as ever. His hair had been styled into a pixie look. The hair still covered his neck and ears. 

"I see you got a haircut today. It looks good."

"Thanks, I thought the long hair might be too much for the job interviews. I went to this stylist on the Northside." 

"Were you in Boystown today?"

"Yes, that is the coolest neighborhood. They have great shops and restaurants there. The stylist told me about the nightlife, it sounds great."

"I wouldn't know but if you get hired, you probably would enjoy that neighborhood very much."

"I bought some neat things today and there is something I am dying to show you."

"Okay."

Gordy stood up and turned his back to me. Next, he lowered his pants and I nearly choked on my drink. He was wearing underwear that resembled a jock strap except that it was multi-colored, two shades of blue and white. The straps fit under his buttocks and the underwear framed his perfect ass.

"You like?"

"Jesus, they're like a picture frame for your ass."

"I love them, I bought three pair, all different colors. Isn't it cool they way they outline my ass?"

"Unbelievable, your ass always looks great but the underwear emphasizes it even more."

"Later, I want you to fuck me wearing these."

"If you don't pull your pants back up, you're not going to have to wait until later. I already have a woody."

"If you're ready, I'm ready."

Gordy kneeled on the chair with his pants down around his knees. His scrumptious ass was raised framed in the jock underwear. I put my drink down and went over to him. I lowered my pants and underwear and they dropped to my ankles. He handed me the tube of lube that he had placed on the end table. Apparently, he anticipated my reaction to the underwear and was prepared for action. I lubed his bottom and my cock before easing into him. 

It was truly and erotic sight fucking his ass framed in the sexy underwear. His testicles and small cock were contained in the pouch and hidden from view. That look actually made him seem more feminine. I caressed his exposed shapely buns as I fucked him. At times I held onto the jock waistband and drilled his ass. I was really into it and my ejaculation was imminent. 

Since it was my first cum that day, I pulled out and juiced on his buttocks and back. Then I put my cock back in his ass and fucked him for a few more minutes. He was cum covered he had was prepared for that as he had put a towel on the end table as well. I wiped his back, buns and my cock with the towel so that my seed didn't get on the chair or carpet. He looked over his shoulder and smiled.

"So, what do you think?"

"I think that is obvious. That underwear is very sexy and seductive."

"I was hoping you would like the look."

"I'm going to change clothes, then we can have something to eat."

I went to the bathroom, washed up and then put on shorts and a tee. Returning to the great room, I spotted Gordy in the kitchen area. He was only wearing the underwear. I could not take my eyes off of his ass. 

"Gordy, put some fucking shorts on please."

He smiled and walked by me shaking his ass. I slapped him on the cheeks and he yelped. He put on a tee and shorts and then we had the appetizers and drinks. Later we sat in the family room section and he told me about his plans that week. He had spent time that day reading up on the company. His interviews with one company would take place Tuesday and Wednesday, that was the one he was hoping would hire him. He had preliminary interviews with two other companies scheduled for Thursday. At that time, he planned to fly back to Denver on Friday and wait to hear from the companies. 

We went to bed early that night as I had to admit, I wanted to fuck his marvelous ass again. He kept the jock underwear on as he knew that I liked the look. This time he pulled the pouch to the side to free his cock so he could jerk off while I fucked him. It was definitely alluring to look at his ass the way the underwear framed and emphasized it. I was hard in minutes and back in his ass doggy-style.

He was on his knees with his head on the mattress turned to the side. I could see the wry smile of sexual bliss on his face as I slowly fucked his magnificent looking ass. His hand was busy stroking his cock but that was not in my view. I just loved the way his back was arched accentuating the shape of his lovely bottom. Once again, the erotic view had my juices boiling quickly and I shot another load this time in his rectum. Gordy ejaculated too and I could feel his sphincter grip my cock. 

He flattened his body on the bed and I followed hm down keeping my cock in his ass. I rolled us to our sides and remained in the spoon position and let my cock soften and slip out. It didn't take long to fall asleep. That night I had the most erotic dream of fucking Gordy non-stop while he wore sexy underwear. The next morning, I woke up before my alarm as I had to pee.

I came back from the bathroom and looked at him lying in bed wearing the jock underwear. My cock twitched and I checked the time. I still had an hour before I need to get ready for work so I lubed my cock and got back in bed. I lowered my body toward his keeping my full weight off of him. Easing my cock into his irresistible ass, I felt him stir under me. He pushed his butt up to meet me and I filled his rectum. 

I loved the feel of his soft curvy buns against my pubes. I pressed down and he thrust up at me as we got a smooth rhythm going. We were not hurried as we savored the eroticism of the morning sex. Finally I felt that surge and I pressed into him releasing my load into his rectum. I remained still as he milked my shaft and drained it. I moved off of him and he flipped over to masturbate. This time he pushed the underwear down and freed his cock. Within seconds he was shooting a huge load onto his chest, abs and pubes. 

We both showered, dressed and ate a light breakfast. I headed out for work and he was off to his interviews. As I traveled to the office, I could not get the image of his ass in the jock underwear out of my mind. I didn't know how long the allure of the sexy underwear would entice me but so far it was working. I was already looking forward to that evening.

TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY

Tuesday after work, I got home about the same time as usual and I was anxious to hear how Gordy's interviews went. I was also anxious to fuck his sweet ass with him wearing his new underwear. He was already at the condo and was reading over the material the company had given him that day. The problem was that he was only wearing jock underwear. This one was a different color, black with two shades of gray. The effect was the same and his ass was irresistible.

"Okay you, to my bedroom. I won't be able to concentrate on anything else until I fuck you."

Gordy laughed and dashed for the bedroom. I watched his scrumptious ass undulate as he hurried by me. I got in the bedroom and undressed as he was lubing his bottom. He lay prone on the bed and I straddled him with my legs outside his. He pushed his curvy bottom up to receive my cock and I slid in easily. I tried to prolong my ejaculation for as long as I could but I was too turned-on to last long. I fired jets of semen into his rectum and he cooed as he felt my cock pulsate in his rectum. As he always did, that morning he rolled to his back, pulled the pouch to the side and jerked off. His load was massive and he covered his body with his discharge. 

I gave him a wet washcloth and then I washed up and put on a tee and shorts as I usually did at home. Gordy wiped his body clean and then he too put on shorts and a tee. We went back to the great room to relax with a cocktail. I was surprised, he had made a batch of Old Fashions. The drink was quite good and I enjoyed it for a change.

"That underwear gets you going, doesn't it?"

"It didn't help that you greeted me wearing it. How did the interviews go?"

"Great, I have a second-round tomorrow but they are a mere formality. I met with the decision makers today and I have a good feeling."

"So, who do you meet with tomorrow?"

"Some other department heads and HR."

"So, it looks good, what office would you be working at?"

"Can you believe it, the one just a town away from here."

"So, you won't be working in the city."

"No, that's the executive offices. If I get the job, staying with you will be so convenient."

"That's just until you find your own place."

"I know. Want a refill?"

"Sure, this was really good."

Gordy refreshed our drinks and then we continued the conversation. We decided to go out to eat and went to my favorite Italian Bistro. We had a light dinner with a glass of wine and then returned home. I changed back into my shorts and tee and had had one more drink. Gordy, the tease, came back to the great room wearing just the jock underwear that he had on earlier. He sat on the sofa with me and we sipped our drinks. 

At one point he put his glass down and stretched out on the sofa with his head toward my lap. He fished my cock out through the shorts leg opening and stroked it getting me hard. Next, he took it in his mouth and made love to it. He swirled his tongue around the head and tickled the pee slit. He took just the head in his mouth and ran his tongue down the shaft. Looking at his ass framed in the underwear, I reached over and fondled his shapely buttocks. I fingered his anus and found that he had already lubed his ass. I said to him.

"Come on, let's go to bed." 

He got up and I followed him into the bedroom, grabbing his ass as we walked. This time he knelt on the bed and I undressed and stood on one side. I pulled him to me and pressed down on his back until his ass was in position. I moved in and once again I fucked the marvelous ass. It was incredible and I had never been so addicted to anything like his ass in my life. I just could not keep my cock out of it. Since it was my third time that day, I knew I would not shoot as much as I did earlier. 

This time he was stroking his cock as I fucked him and he came before me. Then I came and shot a small amount in his ass. As always, we washed up and then went to bed. I slept in sleep shorts but he wore the erotic underwear. It was a good thing that I was sexually sated and tired or I would have not slept well that night. We both slept through the night and were awaken Wednesday by the alarm.

There was no time for sex Wednesday before work, so we showered, dressed ate breakfast and headed out. It was a better day for me and I didn't think about Gordy in his sexy underwear. When I got home that evening, Gordy was beaming. I changed out of my suit and made a drink.

"So how did it go?"

"Fantastic, at the end of the day they presented me with an offer. I have to start this Monday."

"Jesus, that's quick. What about moving your stuff?"

"I don't have much, just clothes and personal items. I've been staying with Sandy so I don't have any furniture. I'll have to get some when I get my own place here."

"I guess it's what you wanted.'

"Oh my God, yes, I'm even getting a larger salary than I thought."

"Well here's to you," I said and we clicked glasses. "This calls for a celebration. Let's go out to eat, my treat."

"I hope you don't mind but I'd rather celebrate here with you. I picked up a pizza on the way home. Let's eat in and then I want you to fuck me for as long as you can."

"Okay, let's have that pizza first and then we'll enjoy the evening."

We ate pizza and had a beer. Gordy told me that he canceled the Thursday interviews with the other companies since he had received an offer. He was going to fly back to Denver on Thursday, pack his things and head back to the Chicago area. He would plan to arrive on Saturday sometime. I had driven to Vail from Chicago and it was very doable in two days. After we ate, we relaxed for a while longer, finished our beer and then went to the bedroom. 

Gordy had one more pair of jock underwear to show me. They were they shades of red with a white stripe. Colors didn't make any difference, it was the way they shaped and framed his ass that was alluring. We got in bed and he was on his knees with his head on the mattress. It was my favorite position to fuck him. I lubed his anus and eased my cock in the receptive ass. 

"I want you to cum in my ass as many times as you can. Try to leave your cock in me."

My first ejaculation did take long and it was massive. I filled his rectum with my seed and kept fucking him. I could feel my cock surrounded by my own cum. As we were fucking, Gordy moved to the prone position and I followed him down keeping my cock in him. I used my arms to keep from crushing him. He used his knees pressing into the mattress to push his ass up into me. I loved the look of his curvy buns in that position especially with my cock buried in him.

I fucked him for over thirty minutes before I came again. There were moments when I stopped thrusting into him to rest. That's when he began pushing up and fucking me back with his ass. We established a routine, I would thrust into him and then rest as he took over and used his ass. I really liked watching his ass move under me. Finally, I came a second time and dumped another load in his rectum. 

This time we rolled to our sides in a spoon position and seemingly fucked for another hour. He had not cum earlier but made up for it in the spoon position. He guided my hand to his cock and for the first time I jerked him off. He came quickly and shot a wad onto the bed sheet. My hand was coated with his seed but he lifted it to his mouth and licked it clean. He then returned my hand to his dick so I could continue stroking him. He came a second time and repeated the action.

I found that I didn't mind stroking his cock although it did seem odd given that he was much smaller then me. In the spoon position I moved in and out and at times he was pushing his ass back at me. I felt my release surge through me even though the load was small. It was still an exhilarating feeling to ejaculate. I released his cock and hugged his upper body to me. For some reason and without thinking I kissed his neck. Gordy shivered and then turned his head back to me. He kissed me on the lips before I pulled away. I could not believe how soft his lips felt. It was like kissing his sister Sandy. 

I eased my softening cock from his ass and my seed ran out and soaked the bed sheet. I was embarrassed by the kissing episode but didn't say anything about it. I would let it pass and just drop it. The bed sheets were a mess and I told Gordy that I wanted to remake the bed. He got up and even after cumming three times, I still glanced at his marvelous ass. I stripped the bed and put the soiled sheets in the laundry tub. Gordy helped me make the bed and then we got back in it and went to sleep. As I lay there, I had to admit that it was some of the best sex ever. I was also somewhat relieved that he would be gone for the next 2 or 3 days. 

FRIDAY AND SATURDAY

Gordy flew back to Denver on Thursday and I expected him to arrive late Saturday. Thursday evening after work, I did some grocery shopping and then laundry and apartment cleaning. On Friday I had a date with a lovely young Chinese girl named Hua. She looked like a porcelain doll. She was 5'4" tall with all the bumps in the right places. I don't think she weighed a 100 pounds. She was a real China doll with black hair and dark eyes. Her breasts were small and her bottom was curvy. We had met at a club weeks ago and I had asked her to dinner.

Hua told me about one of her favorite restaurants so we decided to go there. The restaurant was an excellent restaurant that served many Chinese prepared dishes. Hua educated me on the menu and we sampled many food items. We had a fine meal with some excellent wine and I enjoyed her company all evening. It was 9:30 PM when we arrived back at her apartment and she invited me in for a night cap. I was actually surprised but pleased.

We sat on her sofa with our drunks and she held her skirt close to her thighs as she swung her shapely legs upon the sofa in my direction. Her legs were beautifully shaped and I had this sudden desire to make love to her. I took a foot in my hand and massaged it. She smiled and seemed to like it so I massaged the other one too. I placed the first foot square in my crotch to feel my erection.

Hua didn't protest either when I began to massage her calves. I rubbed the calf of one leg while the foot of the other leg remained in my crotch. She took a sip of her drink, tilted her head back and closed her eyes. She kept her eyes closed and her head back as I massaged her shapely legs. I suspected that she wanted it to go further, I know I did.

I let my hands move up to her thighs and she jumped at the first touch but I told her to relax. As I massaged her thighs, I pushed her skirt up higher and I could see her panty covered crotch. Hua was wearing her panties over her thigh high pantyhose. I let my hands wonder all over her bare skin as I fondled her inner thighs as well. I could clearly see a wet spot had formed on her panties.

Hua kept her eyes closed as I decided to take it to the next step. I moved my hands above the elastic tops of her hose and caressed the naked skin. She flinched and opened her eyes to stare at me. She still didn't protest but she looked anxious. I ran my hand over her panty covered pussy and she almost leaped off the couch.

Hua was breathing heavily.

I pushed her skirt up to her hips and leaned over to kiss her creamy thighs. She gasped aloud at the touch of my lips to her naked skin. I could smell the sweet aroma of sex that was given off by her pussy as my face moved closer to her crotch. I lifted her legs to my shoulders and kissed her inner thighs just below her panties. She groaned with pleasure as she reached down with her hands and ran her fingers through my hair. I moved the panties to one side of her vulva baring her sopping wet quim. I tickled her outer lips with my fingers and then let them slip inside her vagina. 

Hua was so wet that two of my fingers slid in easily. I moved my mouth toward her and closed over her pussy shoving my tongue into her wetness. I lapped at her pussy as I fingered her with two fingers. Next, I spread her pussy lips apart and located her throbbing clit peeking out from its protective hood. She was really excited. I sucked on her hard clit and she bucked her hips up into my face. I reached under her and cupped her shapely ass cheeks in my hands as I drove into her pussy with my tongue and nibbled on her clit. She cried out as she lost it.

"Oh, I'm cumming. Hold me, please hold tight."

The climax rocked her body and I held on for dear life as she thrashed, twisted and bucked all over the sofa. I kept right on eating her pussy and I held onto her shapely ass as she thrashed about. Hua slowly calmed after her intense orgasm. I continued to lick and kiss her bare thighs above her stockings as she ran her hands through my hair.

"Oh that was something I really came hard. You are very good. Thank you!"

I peeled off her panties leaving her hose on her body. Hua watched me as if she was in a trance as I pushed my pants and underwear down to my knees and my rock-hard cock leaped out. Her eyes opened wide when she saw my nearly eight-inch cock. I moved between her thighs and placed my cock at the entrance to her womb. She shivered in anticipation. I eased her back down on the sofa and proceeded to feed my thick cock to her. 
