 A QUICK VISIT

Sandy and Gordy were seated in my great room with a beer after we unloaded Gordy's car. He would be staying with me until he found a place of his own. Sandy had a flight at noon on Sunday back to Denver. They then shocked me when they shared a new sexual experience.

"So, what have my favorite twins been up to?"

"Sandy started pegging me."

"What? Pegging, what the hell is that?"

"She fucked me in the ass."

"With a strap-on?"

Sandy then explained it, "No we used a double headed dildo. I put one end in Gordy's ass with him on his belly. I put the other end in my pussy and ride him until I cum."

"Jesus!"

"It's okay he likes it. Both ends of the dildo are abut the same size as your cock. It's like you are fucking my pussy and his ass at the same time."

"You two are unbelievable."

"Pegging can be done with a strap-on too but I like having one end in my pussy."

"I'm getting hard just listening to you two."

"Good, but until I leave tomorrow, your cock belongs to me. You will be able to fuck Gordy all the time after I leave. In fact, let's get going, I'm horny too."

We went to my bedroom, stripped naked and got in bed. I fucked Sandy missionary style until she orgasmed and then she wanted to ride my cock. I was on my back as she lowered her pussy onto me and began to move. Gordy got behind his sister and slipped his lubed dick into her receptive ass. Sandy orgamsed again and I came as did Gordy. We took a break until after dinner and then we were back at it. We gave Sandy another double penetration before we were done for the evening.

Sunday morning, we were still naked in my bed. Both Gordy and I were sporting erections and Sandy was ready for more action. She wanted me to eat her pussy which I gladly did. Then Gordy took my cock in his mouth and Sandy sucked off her brother. We stayed coupled together until we all came. It was one more double penetration with Sandy riding my cock and Gordy fucking her ass. We all came a second time and then it was time to get cleaned up and take Sandy to the airport.

We decided to have breakfast at O'Hare airport. Gordy and I waited until Sandy's flight took off before we headed home. Back at the condo, I made Bloody Marys for Gordy and I and then we shared the Sunday paper. Gordy was checking the real estate section for apartment rentals. He also looked at condos and discovered that one was for sale in my complex. 

"Hey, there is a condo for sale here. It's a two bedroom with a den. Wow!"

"Yes, that model is nice but expensive. It's more than you need."

"What if we bought it together. You could sell this one."

"You're moving very fast there Gordy. I said you could stay here temporarily. I'm not looking for a permanent roommate. Besides, where would you get the money for a down payment."

"That's just it. Use the money from the sale of this one to put down. I'll split the mortgage payments with you. It's less expensive than renting around here from what I can see."

"So, I would own the condo and you would be paying rent equivalent to half the mortgage payment. What about utilities? I wouldn't expect you to pay taxes."

"I'll pay my share of utilities."

"It does sound inviting, I'll think about it."

"Let's go look at it. There is an open house at 2:00 PM."

"Okay, sure we can do that."

We finished our drinks and walked over to the condo location which had a much nicer view than mine. It had a spacious patio with a picturesque view of a fountain, pond and trees in the background. The realtor let us look around and pointed out some amenities. I had to admit I really liked it but it would be a complicated arrangement.

I explained my situation to the realtor and he told me, I could put an offer in on a contingency basis. I would buy the two-bedroom condo contingent on the sale of mine. He would also handle the sale of mine and told me that the one-bedroom condos were in demand. The inventory was low and I could expect a quick sale. I was still not ready to commit.

The realtor then convinced me to put an offer in based on the first right of refusal which he explained to me. The offer would be pending and the two-bedroom condo would stay on the market. If he got another offer, I could exercise my right and still buy the unit. The guy knew his stuff and was one hell of a salesman. I agreed to place a contingency and first right of refusal offer on the two-bedroom.

Gordy and I returned to my condo; he was beaming. I was still nervous about the hasty decision but then remembered I was really not obligated to go through with the deal. Still, I loved the larger condo and I was tempted to go through with it. First, however, I had to establish some rules with Gordy. I made another drink for us and then we discussed a potential arrangement.

"Gordy, I'm still not sure about this but if I agree, we are going to have some rules."

"Sure, I understand."

"Well listen first before you agree. First off you will be renting from me and I will draw up a rental agreement. You cannot tell anyone that I am fucking you. I still date girls and if I should happen to bring someone home, you are to stay in your room until she leaves."

"That won't be a problem as the bedrooms are far apart."

"That's true and both have their own bathroom. One other thing, you are not to bring any gay lovers into the condo without my permission. That rule may change in time but for now it is absolute."

"Okay," I'm cool with all those things. We could also tell people that we are related."

"Maybe visitors but the residents will soon know that we are sharing a condo. We'll stay with the rental agreement."

"Got it."

"Okay, I'm going to call the realtor and list my unit."

I was still skeptical about the decision but the other condo was fabulous and I liked having a den for an office. The patio was set up with a gas grill, the great room had vaulted ceilings, large gas fireplace and surround sound. It was a significant upgrade and one I would not have been otherwise able to afford. Gordy would be paying me rent and my share of the mortgage would be less that I was paying now. Also, I would be building equity and living in a great unit. I could only hope that living arrangements would work out. Of course, I would also have access to his incredible ass anytime I wanted it. 

"Okay, Gordy, it is a done deal. The realtor will stop by after the open house and I'll sign the listing agreement."

"Oh my God, this is fantastic. After he leaves, we have to celebrate. I want you to fuck me royally."

"Not to worry, after I sign the papers, I have every intention of fucking that hot ass of yours."

The realtor came to my condo and stayed about an hour looking around. He recommended a price and I agreed. I signed the papers and he told me he bet I would have an offer within the week. He also said that the demand was so strong that I need not accept anything below the asking price which was $20,000 more than I paid when I bought it.

Gordy was anxious for the realtor to leave and when he did, Gordy made a bee line for the bedroom. I then watched as he reached for the lube and prepared his ass. He knelt on the bed on all fours and looked at me over his shoulder. He had a look of desire and need.

"Fuck me," he said in a raspy voice.

I moved quickly, moving behind him, by cock bobbing and swaying in front of me. I knelt up, towering over him with my cock reaching out to him. Seconds later, my cock was buried inside him as I thrust expertly into his waiting body. I heard him cry out as I drove my cock deep inside him. I could feel the heat in his ass around my shaft.

"Fuck me, oh yes, fuck me. I've been waiting for this all weekend."

So I did, I fucked him hard, driving into his body as deep as I could, my balls slapped against him as he reached under himself for his own cock. I fucked him long and hard and deep. His body clung to my cock and sent powerful waves of pleasure through us as we moved together. I drove into him and he pushed back to meet my thrusts.

When I came it was like a dam bursting. Our moans and groans filled the bedroom as cum gushed into his body. I flooded his rectum and felt the warmth of my seed surround my shaft. As soon as the torrent of cum had subsided, both of us then lay down on the bed. Gordy nuzzled into to me and pushed his shapely ass back into my groin. We stayed in the spoon position for a while without speaking. My cock stayed hard. I was really hot and lustful. I guided my cock back into his ass and this time he asked me to masturbate him. I gave him a reach around and jerked him off as I fucked him.

Gordy came twice with my cock in his ass. It was the only the second time that I had ever touched his cock and he was thrilled that I did. It was erotic feeling his cum travel through his cock and spew out the end. My hand still had traces of cum on it but as he had done the first time, he lifted my hand to his mouth and licked it clean. I set the alarm and then we slept soundly. 

That day began a new chapter in my life. I would have a gay roommate who I would fuck anytime I desired. He had an ass to die for and it was very easy to fuck him. Besides he asked little in return and was happy that I was okay jerking him off. On Monday we would begin our new routine and getting up in the morning to shower dress and go to work at our separate jobs. I was also anxious to get back to my workout routine which I was did in the mornings before work. That week, Gordy would be picking out bedroom furniture for when we moved to the new condo. I would also be adding to the furnishings.

DONE DEAL 

The first week together again things went back to a routine except that Gordy was now working full time. I would get up first go down to the fitness center for an hour workout and then get ready for work. Gordy was always up and about and had the coffee made when I returned. We would both shower, shave, get dressed and head off to work. 

We were both home around 6:00 PM unless we had something to do. By 7:30 we were finished eating dinner and relaxed in the great room with a cocktail. Unless there was something very good on TV, we listened to music, did some reading and chatted. That week the conversation evolved around the move to the new condo, whenever that happened. 

By 9:00 PM we were usually in bed but not because we were tired. We allowed time for sex before we went to sleep. First, I would fuck his marvelous ass in the doggy position, my favorite. After cumming on him with my first load, we would move to the spoon position and I would fuck him again. In the spoon position he guided my hand to his cock and I jerked him off. I had become comfortable masturbating him in that position. The second time I ejaculated, I came in his ass. I kept stroking his cock until he too came twice.

We would clean up after sex and Gordy would douche his ass. He kept it super clean and he always douched before and after anal sex. We would go back to bed sated and have no trouble getting to sleep. On Wednesday that week, I got a call from the realtor that I had an offer on my condo. He had told the buyer that there was no room for negotiation and the price was firm. Closing was to be in two weeks on both condos. 

Gordy was ecstatic as he knew if we didn't move to the larger condo. He would have to find a place and move out. The realtor let us visit the new condo so we could take measurements and make decisions about decor and anything else we needed. We planned how my furniture would fit in and what we would have to buy. I had no office furniture for the den so that was a given. Gordy would select furniture for his bedroom and bath items for his bathroom. 

The following Saturday we woke up and had morning sex for the first time in weeks without Sandy there. As awkward as it had been at first, I had to admit the sex was great. He gave great head and he had an ass that any woman on earth would cherish. It was round, shapely, smooth skinned and flawless. The contrast of his lily-white buttocks against his tan body was stunning.

I had to pee so I eased out of bed and walked quietly to the bathroom. When I returned to the bedroom, it was no surprise that he was in the mood to be fucked again. I could feel a tingling in my loins as I looked at his hot ass. The effeminate body was delicate, hairless and flawless. He really did look like his twin sister in bed. He was ready with his ass lubricated and pointed in the air. I got hard quickly and eased it into him. 

We were both in the mood and we both came quickly. I knew my load would be big, so I pulled and sprayed it on his buttocks. He came quickly too and shot it on the bed sheets. I flopped down on the bed next to him and he smiled the very effeminate smile he possessed. Then he asked.

"Would you give me a massage this morning?"

"Sure, I like doing that."

He handed me the body lotion from the nightstand and I straddled his body. I sat on his legs just below the buttocks and rested my now semi-hard cock in the crack of his ass. I poured the lotion on his back and shoulders and then began to massage his pretty sensuous body. As always, I admired the skin that was hairless, smooth and flawless as my hands glided over his effeminate form. After several minutes of massaging the upper body I turned my attention to his marvelous ass. I massaged each of the buttocks relishing in the feel of the round firm globes. I felt my cock begin to harden again and within a few minutes of rubbing his ass I was erect. My huge hard cock was nestled in the crack and I slid my cock within the fold of his bottom.

"You sure do like my ass, don't you?"

"It's amazing, I have never seen one like yours. It's perfect and oh, so fuckable."

"Ready to fuck me again?"

"I think that I'll always be ready to fuck your amazing ass."

I smoothed the special lube that he liked all over my cock and then I put some of it in the crack of his ass. I fingered the anus making sure that it was well lubed for another round of butt fucking. I eased my cock into his hot ass for the second time that day. Gordy pushed his buns up to meet my penetration and the cock slid in easily. He groaned as the thick shaft filled his anal passage. I fucked him slowly for what seemed to be nearly an hour before I came in his ass this time and then I lay on top of him. The two of us remained in the same position for several minutes before we separated. I rolled off of him and lay on my back beside the pretty young man. 

"That was so good. I love it when you fuck me and cum in my ass. It's a wonderful almost indescribable sensation."

We showered separately and tossed on nylon workout shorts skipping the underwear. I got the coffee going, poured the juice and set the table for breakfast. Gordy had picked up muffins the day before for us and we enjoyed a leisurely breakfast. After cleaning up the kitchen we sat on the small patio with another cup of coffee. It was his idea to put on bathrobes and be naked under them. We sat on the patio chairs drinking coffee and reading the morning paper. We would head out to the pool later but the insatiable Gordy was horny again.

"Want to go back to bed?"

"Of course, we have plenty of time today!"

We went to the bedroom and shed our robes. He lay face down on the bed and I got behind him. Not taking any chances, I lubed my dick again and then eased it into his sweet bottom. He pushed his ass up to meet me and we established a rhythm. It was an incredible sight to watch my cock slide in an out of his perfect ass. When I got close to cumming, he reminded me.

"Cum in me this time. Oh, man, this is so fucking hot."

I came in his ass with a much smaller discharge. I leaned over him but kept my weight off of him. I rolled to my side pulling him with me with my cock still in his ass. We lay in the spoon position as he jerked off until he came. I wrapped my arms around his soft body and held him to me as he ejaculated. We stayed like that for several minutes and then my dick softened and slipped from his bottom. It was fantastic sex.

"That was so good Matt, I love morning sex with you."

"It was good. You got me to cum three times."

We stayed in bed for several minutes before we got up and showered again. This time we put on our swim suits and went down to the pool area. We were lucky to find two lounges as it was a bit crowded. A few people gave us curious looks as they had never seen Gordy at the pool before. It was still early in June and he had not been there before. It was interesting to see the number of people checking out his ass when he walked around.

After a couple of hours, we returned to the condo. We had a light dinner and watched a movie on TV. When we went to bed that night we slept in the nude as always but did not have sex. We were both drained and sated from the morning sex. Still it felt good to have his smooth body against mine. I loved the feel of his curvy buns pressed into my body. 

Sunday was a near repeat of Saturday except that we didn't go three times. In fact, we consciously decided to save some for later. So, I fucked him once in the prone position. It turned me on the way he pushed his ass up to receive my cock when I thrust into him. As I always did with the first ejaculation of the day, I pulled out and aimed it as his anus and buttocks. Then I put it back in and fucked him for a few more minutes. He loved it when I did that and he wiggled his bottom. That morning when I pulled out, he rolled over and jerked off until he came shooting a massive load on his chest and abs.

"Let's get cleaned up and go out for breakfast. It's a gorgeous day to dine by the lake."

"I'm all for that. I need to pick up a few items too while we're out. I'm low on my favorite lube and I need that to take your cock."

"Definitely you do not want to run out of lube."

We cleaned up, dressed and I put a load of laundry in before we left. I was washing bed sheets all the time now that Gordy was living with me. It was smart to keep everything clean. It was a 30-minute drive to Lake Michigan but we loved dining outside overlooking the water. After breakfast we picked up the items that Gordy needed and returned to the condo. 

It was still early afternoon and we decided to hang out on the patio drinking Bloody Marys and reading the Sunday paper. In another eight days we would be settled into the new condo. We would move as much stuff as we could by ourselves next weekend. Then the movers were there on Monday for the big stuff. 

That evening for dinner, I made pasta and sausage. We enjoyed a nice Italian Chianti with dinner and then watched TV in the great room. Gordy wanted to cuddle up to me on the sofa, so we both sat there. Once again, we were in tees and shorts with no underwear. Gordy started playing with my cock and fished my erection out of my shorts. He stroked it a few times and them knelt on the sofa to take it in his mouth.

With him kneeling, sucking my cock, I reached over and rubbed his curvy ass through the nylon shorts. Next, I slipped my hand into his shorts and fondled the smooth bare buttocks. He continued to bob his head up and down sucking my cock and enjoying the ass play. I touched his anus and found a trace of lube. I probed his anus and my finger slipped in easily. He had lubed his ass earlier anticipating another butt fuck. 

"Let's go to the bedroom. I don't to get any cum on the sofa."

He agreed and we went back to the bedroom. Seconds later he was in bed waiting for me to fill his rectum with my shaft. Just looking at his marvelous ass, I wondered if I could ever resist it. I got in bed behind him and eased my dick into him. I held to his hips and occasionally fondled his shapely cheeks. He moaned softly with each thrust and I could see his arm moving rapidly as he jerked off. 
