 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This chapter contains bisexual and straight sex encounters.

SUCCESSFUL MOVE

It had been three weeks since Gordy and I moved into the two-bedroom condo and things were going smoothly. The first weekend we moved everything we could handle to the new unit. Gordy's furniture had been delivered so we set up his bedroom on Saturday and unpacked boxes. By Sunday the place was shaping up and we just awaited the movers on Monday. Gordy could not take a day off from his new job but I did and had everything in place by the time he arrived home.

Over the next couple of weeks, we established a new living routine where we slept in our own beds during the week. We still had sex in either his bed or mine or any other room we chose. However, we always returned to our own bed for a good night's sleep. That worked perfect as I was always awake first and got my morning workout in before heading to the office.

The first time I had a girl back to the condo, Gordy followed the rules perfectly. I had date the pretty Chinese girl Hua twice. Once, we went back to her place and the second time on a Friday night she came to my place. I gave Gordy a heads up and he stayed in his room until she left the condo on Saturday morning. He was very cool about my bringing her home.

Gordy had this crazy desire to be fucked in every room of the new condo. We had already had sex in both bedrooms but he acted like it was some sort of an initiation. One Saturday morning I woke up and went to the kitchen when I smelt the coffee aroma. Gordy was there wearing a pair of jock underwear. His ass always looked good without them but there was something very sexy about his ass being framed by them. I walked up to him and grabbed his buttocks.

"I knew these would get you excited again."

"You don't need that underwear to get me to fuck you."

"I know but they are sexy, aren't they?"

"Yes, they are very sexy and make your ass look very desirable."

Gordy leaned over and held to the kitchen counter. He arched his back and pushed his fabulous ass back at me. I was still wearing sleep shorts and my cock was erect in them. I pushed the shorts down and stepped out of them. Gordy said sexily.

"I'm ready for you."

I tested his anus and found it lubed. I eased my cock into his sweet ass slowly and steadily. The sensation was incredible as my shaft filled his rectum. I teased him.

"You rascal, you are ready aren't you."

I held to his hips and slid my cock in and out of his scrumptious ass. The sight of my fucking his lovey bottom was always a turn on. I loved watching my dick slide in and out. It was such and erotic scene that I did not last long at all. He told me to cum in him and I did. I shot a massive load into his rectum and left my cock in him as he milked it with his sphincter. He freed his cock from the underwear pouch and jerked off cumming in seconds after I did. 

The good thing about fucking and cumming in the kitchen was that the semen was easy to wipe up off the tile floor. Gordy had paper towels nearby which he used to blot his ass as he headed to the bathroom. Minutes later we were seated at the kitchen table having coffee. My office furniture was to be delivered that day so we hung around the condo. We didn't have sex again that day until the furniture was set up in the den.

Gordy also wanted to be fucked in both bathrooms and we did that. He was bent over the sink as I drilled his ass from behind. Those times, I pulled out and came on him and he ejaculated into the sink. The time we fucked in the great room we were on the sofa. I had put a throw-blanket over the furniture so semen wouldn't touch the sofa. First Gordy rode my cock until he came and then he knelt on the sofa facing the back. I fucked him from behind and came in his ass. We had a towel that he could use to cover his ass until he got to the bathroom.

The last place was the den and we threw a comforter on the floor, he got on all fours and I squatted over him and drilled his ass. He was pleased that I went along with his crazy request but I was kind of turned on by it too. Things got back to a normal routine after the condo initiation. We continued to use the pool on weekends and the other residents were now used to seeing Gordy. One day he wore a snug Speedo swimsuit and his ass was gawked at most of the day.

"Gordy, you may want to leave that swimsuit in the condo and wear your trunks."

"Really, I like it."

"So do a number of people. Your ass looks hot in the Speedo."

"Really?"

"Yes, really, it would only be hotter if you wore the jock underwear." 

I noticed two women looking in our direction. I had seen them before and never with guys so I assumed they were an item. One was full bodied with dyed blonde hair. The other was slender with a flat belly and long red curly hair. The redhead had beautiful legs, small breasts and a curvy tush. I smiled at them and they looked away. The fourth of July was upon us and we had a long weekend coming up.

MEMORABLE FOURTH

July 4th fell on a Monday and there were celebrations everywhere that weekend. Saturday was our normal ritual of morning sex, breakfast, relaxing by the pool and after dinner sex in my bedroom. We slept naked as always with Gordy's smooth shapely buns pressed into me. 

Sunday was different as we had morning sex but then Gordy was going to Navy Pier with friends from work and they would stay and watch the fireworks. After breakfast I decided to go to the pool and brought a thermo of Bloody Marys with me. I was stretched out on a lounge when I heard a soft voice speak to me. I looked up and saw the redhead but she was alone.

"Pardon me?"

"I asked if I could sit here or are you were saving this lounge for your boyfriend."

"I'm not saving it and he is not my boyfriend. Where's your girlfriend?"

"She had a party to go to."

"Same with Gordy he went to Navy Pier with friends from work. Sit down please."

"I'm Gracie."

"Hi Gracie, I'm Matt. Would you like a Bloody Mary, I have plenty."

"Sure, thanks!

I poured her drink in a plastic cup and handed it to her. She sipped it and nodded her approval.

"Very good, not too spicy. So, let me ask you, are gay or bi?"

"You are direct, aren't you?"

"Just curious, I couldn't blame you. Your friend has a great ass."

"You noticed."

"Hard not to, so, is he a lover?"

"He is renting a room from me, that's it."

"Okay if you say so."

"So, what's your story with your blonde friend?"

"Oh, Maureen and I are lovers. She's gay and I'm bi. She prefers to be called Mo."

"As I said you are direct."

"I think that I like you and I want you to know the truth. Mo and I were both married once. We should never have married as the guys kept fucking around outside the marriage. After that we moved in together and eventually became lovers. I still like to date guys occasionally but not Mo."

"She's okay with you dating guys?"

"Yeah, as long as it doesn't conflict with plans we have. She knows that I like the real thing from time to time." 

"That's pretty cool of her."

"So, what about you and your pretty roommate? There has to be more to it. Are you fucking that scrumptious ass?"

"It's not going to make any difference what I tell you. You are gong to believe what you want to believe."

"Right, so are you?"

I laughed at her persistence and admitted it. "Yes, I am. Are you happy now?"

"How did you meet?"

I told Gracie about Sandy the twin sister who I met first and then about meeting Gordy in Vail. I explained how I was seduced by his fabulous ass. Also, how he had a job offer here and how we came to be roommates. She listened to every word.

"Wow, that is really cool. So, are you still seeing Sandy?"

"Yes, when I go to Colorado and recently, she came for a visit. I'm dating another girl now. We gone out three times."

"Any plans tonight?"

"None, maybe watch the fireworks from the National Mall on TV."

"Want to watch them together?"

"Sure!"

"Is Gordy coming home tonight?"

"I suppose so. If he does it won't be until after 11:00 PM."

"Mo is not coming home tonight. Come to my place and I'll put out some appetizers."

"Can I bring the wine?"

"Definitely, I love wine."

"Red or white?"

"I like white, a Chardonnay or something dry."

"I'll bring a red too, what time?"

"After we leave here, I'll get things ready so anytime."

"Great, I'll get cleaned up and head over with the wine."

"I'm getting warm, I'm going to take a dip."

I watched as Gracie stood up and walked to the pool. She had an alluring figure with small pert breasts, super flat belly, gorgeous legs and a curvy bottom. I watched as she entered the water and glided gracefully through it. She hardly made a splash when she swam. I decided to join her in the pool. We swam together for about 20 minutes and then got out and dried off.

She gave me her address and it was not far from my unit. We went our separate ways and I returned to the condo to shower, dress and grab two bottles of wine. Fortunately, I had a bottle of Chardonnay chilling in the refrigerator. I took a Cabernet for myself. It was a short walk to her place and she greeted me when I arrived.

"I thought we could sit on the patio with the appetizers and wine."

"Great, I like sitting outside."

Gracie was wearing very short tight white shorts that hugged her curvy bottom and showed off her stunning legs. Her top was cut and displayed her fine abs, which she was obviously proud of. She had already set up the patio with tableware and wine glasses. She had even thought to put an ice bucket out to keep the white wine chilled. I opened both bottles of wine and poured them. We clicked glasses and toasted each other. I was really beginning to like this young woman.

We drank wine, nibbled on appetizers and got to learn more about each other. It was so easy to talk to her and share our life stories. At dusk, the bugs were making their presence known so, we headed inside. We carried everything in and she put things away and I poured us another glass of wine that killed both bottles. We then went to the great room to watch the fireworks on TV. Gracie and Mo had the same model condo as I had just moved into.

We sat on the sofa and it wasn't long that she cuddled up with me. She curled her lovely legs up on the sofa and leaned into me. My arm went around her and minutes later we were kissing. She had turned her head up for a kiss and I kissed her lightly. Things moved quickly and soon we were French kissing with our tongues dueling with each other. I moved her top up above her pert tits and fondled them gently. Her nipples were stiff and I tweaked them making her groan. We broke the kiss and she smiled at me.

"Let's go to the guest bedroom."

I learned later that the girls had a rule about having sex in their bedroom. It was reserved for them only. I followed Gracie into the guest bedroom and we both undressed. She really had a good-looking pussy with a cute tuft of reddish hair above it. Her ass was delightful and her titties were so cute. She got in bed on her back, extended her arms and wiggled her fingers at me beckoning me to join her. I knelt in front of her and lowered my mouth toward her pussy but her hands caught my head. 

"I get that all the time. I need your cock in me."

I moved between her legs and eased into her pussy. She was sopping wet and she let out a soft sigh as I filled her womb. Her eyes were closed and she had a blissful look on her face. I moved slowly within her and she continued to utter soft moans and groans. We were both hot and I wasn't sure who would cum first. Then she called out.

"Oh, I'm close, I'm going to cum."

Her body went rigid at first and then she humped me so hard she almost dislodged my cock from her pussy. I pressed into her as she rode out her orgasm and eventually stopped moving. A few more strokes and I was close to me release. I had not given a thought to her being safe or not so I whispered.

"Gracie, I'm close. I'm going to cum."

"Cum in me. It's okay. Let me feel it."

Seconds later I was shooting an enormous load into her. She wrapped her legs tightly around me and pulled me into her. I held still with my cock fully in her womb until I stopped shooting. I had kept my weight off of her but then I relaxed a little and let our upper bodies come together. She kissed me and hugged me.

"Oh, that was so good. I love your cock. It's just right, not small but not too big either."

I pushed my weight back to my elbows so as not to crush her. We kissed and recovered in that position with my cock still hard and still in her pussy. She urged me to my back and moved with me. My cock stayed in her and then she began to ride me. It would take both of us longer to cum a second time but that's what she wanted. At times I fondled her small pert titties and other times I held to her curvy buttocks as she bobbed up and down on my cock.

She orgasmed again and she collapsed on my chest. I caressed her back and her bottom as she rested on top of me. Then she moved off and lay on her belly. I positioned myself behind her and lifted her by her hips. I was ready to fuck her doggy style as I wanted to cum again. She then whispered to me.

"Please don't try to put it in my ass. I don't do anal."

"Don't worry, I won't."

I put her mind at ease although I would have liked to fuck her cute bottom. I eased my cock back in her pussy and held to her hips as I moved in and out. I loved looking at her shapely ass and caressed it several times. I was in no hurry to cum as I savored the look of her in that position. When I did cum, it was another good size load and it filled her quim. She flopped face down on the bed and I lay down next to her. She turned her face toward me to be kissed and then whispered.

"Can you stay the night? I would like that."

"I would love to stay the night."

She rolled to her side as did I and we cuddled in the spoon position. I had my arm around her and I really like her firm taut body. My one hand held her small breast and her lovely bottom was pressed into me. We dozed off in that position.

MONDAY THE FOURTH OF JULY

Gracie and I hardly moved through the night and in the morning my piss hard-on was tucked in the crack of her bottom. We woke up slowly together and then she reached back and grasped my erection. She held it and stroked it a few times before she was ready to take it again. 

"Someone is happy that they stayed over."

"I certainly am."

"Get on your back, I want to sit on your dick."

I rolled to my back and my rock-hard cock lay on my abdomen. Gracie straddled me and lowered her pussy onto my shaft. She paused briefly adjusting to the penetration and then she began to ride me. Reaching above my head she grasped the headboard to balance herself and I reached up and played with her cute titties and stiff nipples. Her face was strained with the lust of the moment.

She came quickly and hard, crying out when she climaxed. Releasing her grip on the headboard, she collapsed on me pressing her titties into my chest. I hugged her to me and then my hands sought out her lovely ass. The buttocks fit into my hands perfectly and massaged the curvy bottom. We stayed like that for several minutes until I had to pee.

"Gracie, I need to pee."

She got off me and lay on her side. I got up and used the bathroom. Once I relieved myself, I washed my pecker and my hands. When I returned to the bedroom she was still in bed on her side. She smiled at me and told me to come back to bed. I got in bed on my back and she reached for my cock. It was hard again in no time as she stroked it lovingly.

"I like your cock. I like playing with it."

She continued to stroke me and occasionally she leaned over and took it her mouth. Mostly she just took the head in as she seemed to like the feel of the spongy flesh. Between the infrequent oral and constant stroking, I was soon ready to cum.

"Gracie, I'm going to cum any second now."

She picked up the pace stroking my shaft and stared intently at it. I suspected she wanted to watch me shoot and I was right. Her hand flew up and down the hard flesh. Finally I erupted and shot several steams into the air. She continued to jerk me off and seemed mesmerized by the volume and insanity of my ejaculation.

"Oh my, look at that. Look at it all."

My ejaculation subsided but she continued to stroke my cock, squeezing any dollops out of the pee sit. My seed had covered my chest and abs. Gracie released my cock and then she cuddled with me pressing her lithe body into my cum covered one. We stayed like that for several minutes and I resumed caressing her bottom. Eventually we separated and the semen was drying on our skin. I whispered to her.

"So, we had our own fireworks this day."

"Right, it was like having a Roman Candle," she replied as she reached for my cock again. 

I laughed at her analogy to my cock spurting and shooting earlier. She suggested getting cleaned up and dressed. I offered to take her to breakfast but she said they had plenty of food. We showered, dressed and then went to the kitchen. Gracie put the coffee on and then began putting out items to make omelets. We had veggie, cheese and bacon omelets for breakfast. After cleaning up the kitchen we took the coffee out to the patio.

"Thanks for not going after my ass last night."

"No problem, that is your call. You either like it or you don't. I love your ass but I would never do anything you didn't want to do."

"I appreciate that attitude. You are a good lover and I really enjoyed the time with you."

"Same here."

"I'm curious. Does Gordy's twin sister like anal too? Is her ass as hot as his?"

"It's a little bizarre. Sandy has a marvelous ass almost as hot as Gordy's. She says my cock is too big to try anal but she likes her brother's cock in her ass."

"Oh my God, incest."

"Yes, they are into it. He will fuck her ass and she will suck his cock too. The wildest thing they did was having her fuck his ass with a dildo but not a strap-on. She uses a two-headed dildo with one end in her pussy."

"Mo and I have one of those, wow brother and sister. Have you had a threesome with them?"

"Oh yeah, every time we get together. Sandy likes my cock in her pussy while Gordy fucks her ass."

"So, he is small?"

"Kind of, below average length and very slender."

"Have you ever done anything with him besides fucking him?"

"Sure, he likes to suck my cock at times. I have given him a reach around and jerked him off while I'm fucking him but that's it. I'm not into cock."

Gracie suddenly became aware of the time. "Oh shit, Matt. I have to chase you home. Mo will be home around lunchtime and she can't find you here. I have to clean up the guest room too."

"Can I help?"

"No, I got it. Please just leave now. I loved being with you and hope we can hook up again." 

"I look forward to that."

I didn't even go back in the condo. I walked off the patio and headed back to my unit. Once inside, I saw that Gordy was not home. I checked phone messages and he had left one saying he was crashing at a friend's place. I was glad he left a message so I knew that he was okay. I made a pot of coffee and changed into shorts and a tee. I got the morning paper from outside the front door and sat on the patio with a cup of coffee.

Gordy still wasn't home by noon. I ate a light lunch and then headed for the pool area. It wasn't very crowded. I guess due to people having plans for the long weekend. There was the constant sound of fireworks throughout the day as the locals set them off. I had hoped to see Gracie at the pool but she wasn't there. It was a relaxing afternoon as I had made a batch of Bloody Mary's and read a magazine. I sat in the jacuzzi and took a few dips in the pool before returning to my condo.
