 I was over at my friend Will's apartment. We had been friends since high school, now we were both in our mid-twenties. I was telling Will about my love life. There wasn't any love life to speak of. I knew what my problem was. I had packed on a bit of extra weight since college. I couldn't get any women interested in me.

"Don't worry Josh," my friend told me, "you will find someone."

We were both sitting on the couch. Will leaned over and put his arm around my shoulders, trying to comfort me. I guess I hadn't noticed that my friend was rubbing my shoulders and then he moved his hand down to my back. I looked over at Will. He moved closer to me and he kissed my lips. I almost leaped off the couch. Where did that come from? He pulled away and looked at my face.

"You do know I am gay, don't you?"

I didn't know. I was stupid I guess. I do remember that Will never seemed to go out with any girls when we were in school together. I had always wondered about that. Will was a good looking guy that most women would have thrown themselves at.

"You know the first time I noticed you?" He said.

I said no. He said we were back in high school. It was after gym class and all the guys were showering. He said he saw me naked way back then and he wanted me. He told me he had never seen a cock as big as mine before. That was my one redeeming feature. I had an eight inch cock. Some guys would make fun of me back then. I heard them say I was some sort of freak. I had probably grown an inch or so from that time.

Will stood up and he began to undress before my eyes. He stripped down to nothing. Will was lean and tall. He was probably average size in the cock department, maybe six inches in length. 

"I have been attracted to you all this time Josh, I want you to make love to me."

I wasn't sure if I was hearing him correctly. He came over and pulled me to my feet. Will started to undress me there in his living room. In just a matter of minutes we were both naked. Will told me to follow him back to the bedroom. I guess I could've said no but where would my friendship be with him. We got back to the bed and Will got onto his back. He motioned for me to join him. I got on top of my friend. He put his arms around my waist and pulled me close to him.

Then next thing I knew our cocks were rubbing together. I hated to admit it to myself but I started getting turned on. We were grinding against each others body. Then Will told me to suck on his nipples. I guess I was still reluctant but Will pulled me down to his chest. I lowered my face and I took one of his hard nipples in my mouth. I think that is where I lost control of myself. I went back and forth sucking and biting his nips.

Will had parted his legs as we were making out. I could feel the head of my dick rubbing between his ass cheeks. Will looked at my face.

"Make love to me Josh, I need your cock."

I had never thought of being with a man before. I always thought of myself as a ladies man. Will took hold of his legs and brought them up. I was now looking at his hole. I gave in right then. I took hold of my rod and brought it to his sphincter. 

"Go easy please, I am so tight back there," he said to me.

I slowly pushed my mushroom into his bottom. I think I managed to only get a few inches into my friend. Will was letting out these moans. He said it hurt but I wasn't suppose to stop. Inch by inch I pushed my dick into Will's ass. After many minutes I knew I had my entire length inside him. My balls were resting on his cheeks. That is when I began to feed my friend's ass with my cock.

I would slowly pull out and then give Will everything I had. He was actually screaming as I took his ass with my bone. He was certainly tighter than any woman's pussy. I managed to build up speed. Will's muscles were holding my cock like a small vise. My friend started to push back on my dick every time I entered him. Will did let go of his legs. He strapped them across my back and we really got into it.

I wanted to fuck my friend by then. I had lost any reservations I might have had. I filled his greedy hole with my long, thick pole. I wish I could remember how long we went at it. It seemed like over an hour. I was feeling my balls pinching and I knew I wasn't far off. I told Will I was getting close.

"Don't pull out Josh, seed my ass."

I didn't if that was wise or not but I was too far gone by then. I pumped my friend's ass a few more times and I gave him what he desired. I started squirting my thick, white cream into Will's bottom. Will arched his back and let out this passionate cry. That made me drive my bone in as far as I could. Will just kept milking my cock until it seemed I had nothing left to give him. 

I stopped and just held my cock in place. I know the sweat was pouring from both of us and we were both breathing heavily.

"That was the most intense loving I ever had," Will told me.

I left my cock inside his ass until I went soft. I finally had to pull out. Will told me to move over top of his face. He took my cum coated cock in his hand and brought it to his mouth. Will started to use his lips and mouth to clean me off. I moved my hips forward and I began to fuck his face. I know I shot a few small strands of my love cream down his throat. Will did pull away and he licked his lips in order to get what ever cum was on his mouth.

After all that, we were facing each other on his bed. Will said he had finally got up the courage to tell me how he felt about me. I didn't quite know what to say at that time. I do know that the sex was very intense. I never imagined I would feel that way about man to man loving. I did stay that night in Will's bed. In the morning Will made me hard with his mouth. Once I was erect, Will mounted me.

I felt his cum filled ass slide down onto my rigid dick. I place my hands on his ass and Will rode me like we were two wild animals in heat. It was much easier this time around. Maybe I had stretched his hole or maybe because he still had my load in his bottom. I brought my ass up as Will slid down my cock. I brought my hands up to his chest. I took his nipples and pinched them with my fingers as I pounded his hole once more.

I was surprised that I still had any cum left in me. I erupted once more inside my friend's asshole. It wasn't as much as the night before but I did give him a load of my man cream. You can imagine what happened after that. Will and I became lovers. We were in each others bed at least four time in a week. I gave up thinking about woman for the time being. Will says my cock is the biggest he has ever experienced. He loves feeling my bare cock stretching his hole and he said he doesn't want any other lover but me.

This whole business with Will made me do one thing. I am trying to lose some weight and I am going to the gym these days. Whether it is a woman or a man, I don't want to go back to being without someone in my bed.