 I had spent the last few months of my life laying between the legs of Daniel the first man I met online, worshipping his cock, fulfilling his and my own ultimate desires. I prefer to refer to him as Daddy. Daddy was around 43, fairly tall, well built, with a nice 6 inch cock, complete with a set of beautiful shaved balls. He was perfect and I enjoyed every moment I spent worshipping his enormous, tasty cock. The time however had come though to broaden my horizons, spice things up a little to be more precise. I wanted to share his cock with another man. 

A blowjob is one thing but a double blowjob is a whole nuther experience in itself, I've had my dick sucked by two women before, they weren't great by any means but the image of two heads bobbing up and down on your dick is something that can't be explained until you see and feel it for yourself. Thinking about that memory makes me want to be one of those whores sharing a fat piece of meat with a pal, sharing it, fighting over it and swapping the cum with my blowjob buddy.

Finding a blowjob buddy with the exact characteristics I wanted was proving difficult, they needed to look a certain way, act a certain way and have the same feeling towards a cock that I have. Being 22 , skinny, horny as hell and having an incredible fetish for blowjobs, perhaps maybe it was my high standards for cock worshipping that was getting in the way, so I spent the next few weeks masturbating furiously over pornographic videos and photos of double blowjobs. 

Spending a night here and there at Daddy's house playing with his big cock kept me satisfied for the time being. Especially since we had started role-playing a little to keep things fresh. Last week I played the teenage runaway after my parents found out I was gay, he took me back to his home, fed me and clothed me (in some sexy short-shorts and a tank top). 

At which point I started to seduce him. He tried his best to resist, it started with me harmlessly licking some ice-cream off of a spoon, then furiously licking an ice-block for minutes on end like a cock whore in training, until I had him on his back, hands tied while I lay between his legs jerking his cock until he came all over my innocent face. "Thank you so much for letting me stay Daddy!" I exclaimed with his cum dripping from my face.

After sucking off Daddy on the kitchen table after we had breakfast, I came home to check my email and there it was. An email from Alex, his email name had 'bjboy' in it, good start. The title read 'Please god let this be true'. 

'Hi the name's Alex, I'm 19, holy shit can I just say that post you left on the forum touched me in so many ways, the way you talked about worshipping a cock and wanting to share it with another man. I wish I could be that guy, I also saw your story on literotica, it's just how I have always imagined my first time sucking another man's cock. It's the way you talk about it though which is so hot, you prefer to worship a cock than just suck it. I feel like I'm reading an exact excerpt from my own mind. Please email me back, please. XO'

I feel like I may have found the perfect blowjob buddy. He attached a picture too, he was cute, medium-length blonde hair, bright blue eyes, nice face and looked in shape. Now to find out if he was really interested and he lived anywhere near me. Unfortunately as I was about to reply, Daddy sent me a text. 'So work called and I don't have to go in today' he was probably lying. 'Fancy coming over? I've got another little idea!'

I didn't even really need to think about it. 'Sure daddy, be over in 25!' 

I emailed Alex back a simple question before rushing out: 'Loved your email, we seem alike, if you live anywhere near the area I posted in that forum would you be interested in sharing a cock with me, I'm having trouble finding a blowjob buddy to do it?'

I was kind of nervous now, this kid saw me as a role model (a twisted, sexualised role model but a role model nonetheless). Hopefully I wouldn't dissapoint him, however my attention was now turned to Daddy and his little idea for me. I pulled up to the house. Moments later I recieved a text, 'The door is unlocked, your outfit is in the lounge room, I'm waiting in my bed :)' I entered the lounge room to see a pair of yoga pants, some red kicks and a white singlet. He had an interesting style for me. I got changed and headed to the bedroom, slowly opening the door his idea was now apparent to me as he lay on the bed with a go-pro attached to his head. 

"Oh my god daddy, you're going to record me?" I had never been on video before, but the fact that now I would finally see how I look giving a blowjob from his pov was exciting to me.

"Yeah, I thought you might like, you can pretend it's not there if you like?"

"No, it's ok now I can be the star of the show! Now where's my cock?"

Daddy patted his massive bulge "Here it is baby, come and get it!"

An hour of passionate cock-worshipping followed that finished with cum all over my face, Daddy sent me the video and who better to send it to first than my new friend Alex.

When I got home to check my email next he had already replied:

'I checked and I only live about 30 minutes from your area, I would love nothing more than too be your blowjob buddy but I'm really nervous about this. I don't want my first to be a creep!'

I understood his resistance as you want your first time to be perfect, so I told him about Daddy. I also sent him my video to gauge his reaction. He replied back an hour later. 'Holy shit! That was so fucking hot, I jerked off twice, love the way you do it, exactly how I always imagined. Daddy has a nice body and a huge cock too. Looks tasty :p' Alex and I emailed back and forth for the next few hours, talking about our past, our favourite porn videos and what we would both do if we had a cock in front of our faces. 

When Alex decided that he was in for sure I messaged Daddy. 'Hey Daddy you free on Saturday night? I've got a suprise for you :)'

'Ooooh ok, normally I am the one with suprises? But why do I have to wait till Saturday, that's almost a week away?'

'You're gonna like this one, trust me it will be worth it. I'll text you when I'm here, you need to unlock the door and wait on your bed wearing only loose fitting shorts and have a blindfold on :)'

'Damn babe why you gotta make me wait so long!! I'll see you then babe ;)'

Me and Alex decided to meet up at a carpark near Daddy's place. He walked over to my car, (wearing what I asked him) as nervous as I was the first time I arrived at Daddy house. He stepped inside my car. 

Alex- "H-hey"

I paused for a moment 

"Hey blowjob buddy," he cracked a laugh at this. 

"Haha there ya go buddy no need to be nervous, wait until you see his cock up close!" He belted out a laugh again. 

"Haha thanks man sorry I'm so nervous."

"Don't worry about it, hey I was exactly the same and I was by myself, you have me to help guide you along the way."

"I guess so" Poor kid was still nervous.

"Listen if it's any help you probably won't be fully comfortable until you're sliding your tongue up and down that big cock. Daddy is a nice guy, he will go slow with you, but remember to always call him Daddy. He likes that."

"Haha ok i'll keep that in mind."

Once we arrived, Alex and I watched our favourite double blowjob porno for a little bit of inspiration. I messaged Daddy and told him to keep his package nice and warm for me. The video ended, I turned to Alex: 

"You ready blowjob buddy?"

"Haha yes indeed fellow blowjob buddy!" It seemed his excitement was starting to overcome his nervousness.

We stepped inside the house and Alex and I walked up the stairs together, he started to hold my hand, I didn't mind. I was leading him on a journey he would never forget.

I opened the door to reveal Daddy , the massive bed and even bigger bulge that was waiting for our thirsting mouths. Alex let out a small scream before covering his mouth, his fantasy was about to come true and he seemed to want to scream it out to the world. I took off my shirt and so did Alex at which point the two of us walked ever so silently to the bed.

Daddy (with blindfold well in place so he couldn't even sneak a peek) "I hear you babe, I hope you're up for a marathon session I haven't wanked since you told me your little plan!"

"Oh don't worry, I'm well prepared to worship your cock for hours!" I turned to Alex with a big smile, he almost burst out laughing at this. I tried to gauge if there was enough room for both of us to lie between his legs, so I lay first while Alex watched. We would have to lie on our sides if we wanted to suprise him, so on the bed Alex hopped, he was shivering with a massive hard-on in his pants threatening to burst through. Our erect cocks were pushed up together but neither of us minded that, in fact we both gave a little smile to each other. I motioned him to follow my lead. Each of us had a hand on either leg, my hand on Daddy left leg, Alex on his right. We slowly ran our fingers across his leg, then I kissed his left leg, after which Alex kissed his right leg, continuing for a few minutes.

Daddy- "Fuck after all this time and you can still tease me like it's your first time!" He still had no idea. Time to up the ante. I motioned to Alex that we would take his pants off, I did notice that this entire time he was eye-fucking the shit out of the massive piece of meat in front of him, with some dribble even dropping from his lips. 

With a hand each we slowly pulled his pants off of him, revealing the massive shaft that we were both about to share and devour to our hearts content. The pants came off and Alex threw them to the ground, we got on our knees and crawled up slightly towards Daddy hips, careful not too give it away yet. Alex's mouth was wide open he obviously realised it was much bigger in person compared to what he had seen from the video. Alex then kissed the right side of Daddy chest first then I kissed his left, slowly descending to his abs before I motioned to Alex that we had played this dangerous game long enough it was time to reveal ourselves. 

We got into our favourite position, flat on our belly, feet in the air, my right arm resting on Daddy's left leg rubbing my fingers across his midsection, while Alex did the same on the other side. At this point I believed that we were separated at birth we were so damn similar.

By now Daddy had noticed I had been awfully quiet so Alex and I both put a hand on the base of his cock and raised it so it was right between our cheeks. We pressed our cheeks together on his cock.

Daddy- "Woah, woah wait a sec!" He took off his blindfold to see the two of us lying between his legs with his massive cock resting between our cheeks. He could barely speak, his mouth was wide open, he was making the same face he normally makes when he cums on my face. 

Alex and I said at the same time:

"Suprise daddy!"

Daddy- "Holy fucking shit, no fucking way, no fucking way, oh my god!"

"Do you like your suprise daddy?" I said with a cheeky look on my face, his cock still resting between our cheeks. Alex cracked a laugh. 

"Oh my god yes, this is the best suprise I could ever wish for" He turned to Alex, "and who is this then?"

"This is Alex, he is my blowjob buddy, here to worship your cock with me"

Alex- "Hi daddy"

Daddy- "Holy shit, hi to you to and holy crap what are you wearing that looks so hot?" 

"I know right I thought you would like it daddy!"

Alex and I wore matching short-shorts and he wore yellow knee-high socks, while I wore bright red knee-high socks.

Now that the blindfold was gone and we were both in position the real fun could begin. We started swinging the cock back and forth between our cheeks

Daddy- "Fuck, so Alex is this your first cock?"

"Yeah"

"What do you think of my cock?"

"It's big!" We all laughed at that.

"Yeah no doubt what are you gonna do with it baby?"

Alex paused to look at me:

Alex- "I'm gonna worship your cock with my blowjob buddy"

Daddy- "Is that right?"

"We're gonna lick it, kiss it, play with it, suck it and jerk it till you cum all over our faces!"

Daddy, smiling at me said:

"I like him already!"

"Oh please you liked him the moment you saw him between your legs!" Then I said to Alex "Hey blowjob buddy follow my lead and let's have some fun!"

We dropped the cock and the two of us proceeded to give little kisses all around the big cock sitting less than an inch from our faces. This continued until we were about to kiss his cock together when Alex kissed me, I didn't hesitate and kissed him right back, while we both ran our fingers all over Daddy's cock. 

I whispered to Alex "Let's get his balls." We ran our tongues all over his freshly shaved balls, while Daddy started squirming at the sight of us. Alex couldn't resist and put a ball in his mouth, his eyes lit up as it sat in his mouth. I did the same, the two of us sucking a ball each while staring at Daddy.

Daddy- "Oh fuck now that's a sight I could get used too, you like them big juicy balls don't ya!"

We both nodded not letting them drop from our mouths for a good few minutes. 

Alex glanced at me, I made a kissing motion with me lips. We stared at Daddy's cock as we slowly kissed from the base of his cock to its fat head before we enveloped its head between our mouths as we both kissed it at the same time. Daddy was squirming at this, grabbing both our heads by the hair. The longer we kissed the head of his cock, the harder his grip on our hair got, this was turning me on so hard. As we lowered back down and daddy released his grip, we started licking the middle of his massive cock from base to tip, speeding up with each lick as we were both swinging our feet back and forth, demonstrating our excitement. 

I held one of Daddy's hands while Alex held the other, I wasn't sure if this was reality or fantasy anymore it was borderline incredible. My blowjob buddy and I tried to maintan eye contact with Daddy as much as we could while we furiously licked him but we were so caught up in the pleasure of it that our eyes closed. Not that he could maintain eye contact with us, the longer he looked at our slutty little mouths pleasuring his cock the louder he shouted "FUCK" and the quicker he would come to orgasm. 

Next I held up Daddy's cock for my little shrine game. The game was to see how long it took for Daddy to stop me from licking his cock (as it stood straight up in the air) or else he would cum. I'm sure it would be a new record today with my blowjob buddy to help me. We both held two fingers on his balls to hold our 'shrine' in the air while our tounges wagged furiously all over it. It only took him 2 minutes to stop us.

"Oh you liked that did you Daddy?"

Alex- "You like when we lick your cock like a lollipop Daddy?"

Daddy- "Fucking hell you two are the only ones that will ever deserve my cock!"

Alex stopped licking and said to me "Thank you so much for this"

I stopped licking and looked at him "No thank you for being apart of this, you're the best blowjob buddy I could ask for"

Alex- "Fuck, lets kiss with the cock in our mouths!"

"Fuck yeah!"

We embraced each other in one of the most passionate kisses I have ever had, all the while the tip of daddy's cock was sandwiched in between our lips. Daddy squirmed and shuffled as we kissed the head of his cock for what seemed like hours until he had to pull our heads off and he grabbed the base of his cock.

Daddy- "Aaah fuck, stick out your tongues!" I knew what was coming, my favourite part of a blowjob. Daddy started slapping his big cock on our tongues, we waited impatiently as he gave each of us 10-20 seconds of slapping while the other waited. We put our heads close together so daddy could slap his cock on both our tongues at the same time, he was slapping faster and harder, the two of us started smiling, this was the hottest thing I have ever experienced. He began rubbing his cock against our lips inviting us to his kiss the tip of his cock again but then he pulled back, grabbed my head with one hand and slapped his cock furiously all over my face. Alex started kissing my neck, I had to stop him, I was close to cumming all over.

He dropped his cock flat on his belly as the two of us buried our faces on his cock, rubbing our face, tongue and lips all over it. Alex and I couldn't help but embrace during this but we quickly returned to Daddy's cock. Alex the little cock slut started to try and put that massive shaft down his throat, he struggled while I started sucking on Daddy's nuts. We swapped for the next few minutes till I started feeling naughty. I grabbed Daddy's cock with both hands and sucked on the tip a little bit then put it in Alex's mouth to do the same. We swapped the tip back and forth for awhile.

Alex- "yummy"

"You like that?"

"Mhm!"

"Like a big popsicle"

"Our big popsicle!"

Daddy- "You two are fucking killing me, I can't take this anymore I need to cum!"

Almost instantly Alex and I both dripped saliva all over Daddy's cock. With a hand each on his cock we started jerking off daddy. I started sucking the tip of his cock as Alex jerked with both hands, then we swapped, it was instantaneous, we were so good at sharing cock. Daddy was getting close.

Daddy- "Oh yeah, fuck keep doing that, keep going, keep going, at the same time, suck it at the same time!" He was panting heavily as we both jerked his shaft and sucked either side of the tip at the same time.

"Yeah, yeah, fuck I'm gonna cum, oh shit, oh fuck, fuck!"

His eyes darted down towards ours, we stared back at him as we proceeded to finish him off.

"FUCK!" He was like a cum geyser, it was shooting everywhere. Most of it landed on our faces, the rest probably the ceiling. We never slowed down our jerking, as the power of his cumshots lessened in force I started letting him cum in my mouth, it tasted sweet but had a powerful scent. As Daddy finished cumming I turned to Alex, he was showered in cum it was so hot. We embraced while I still had cum in my mouth, Daddy must have loved the sight of two cum-drenched whores swapping his cum between us. Daddy was struggling to breath so Alex and I proceeded to clean up each other's faces with our tongues. That took a while. Daddy finally recovered his breath as we were still cleaning each other up.

Daddy- "Holy shit, that was incredible, you two are great together. I haven't cum that hard in a long time!" 

Alex- "So glad we could service you daddy, your cum tastes so nice".

"So I take it you liked your suprise daddy?"

Daddy- "Haha oh absolutely, thank you babe. Say why don't you two crash the night? Are you cool with that Alex I can cook you some breakfast?"

Alex- "Um, yeah sure why not."

We all slept well that night, I finally realised my fantasy of sharing a cock with another man, while my blowjob buddy Alex fulfilled some of his own including sucking his first cock.

Unfortunately I woke up to some thunder a few hours later, my bladder was bursting so I stumbled downstairs to the bathroom but before I could get back upstairs I crashed out on the sofa.

I woke up a few hours later in daylight only to find that no-one else was downstairs in the kitchen. As I went up to check on Alex and Daddy, I heard voices coming from their room.

Daddy- "Gimme your hands. Now stick out your tongue!"

I crept to the door which was only slightly opened to see Alex lying between Daddy's legs with his arms trapped under Daddy's back. Daddy had one hand resting on Alex's cheek while he was slapping his massive cock on Alex's tongue. Alex's feet were swinging back and forth, he was clearly loving it even the second time around.

Daddy- "You like my cock don't you?"

Alex- "Yes daddy"

"Like that cock slapping on your tongue?"
