 "Fuck!"

Brandon slumped back with a groan. "God damn, you know how to suck cock."

Lonnie raised his head from Brandon's lap and made a show of swallowing the remainder of Brandon's load. "I love sucking you."

"That fucking mouth of yours is gonna give me a fucking heart attack."

Lonnie snickered, then planted a kiss on the end of Brandon's cock. He let it fall and it slapped heavily against Brandon's thigh, totally sated. Lonnie smiled, congratulating himself on a job well done. He planted a soft kiss on Brandon's belly.

"C'mere," Brandon growled. He grabbed Lonnie and pulled him forward. Lonnie straddled Brandon, planting his knees on each side of his hips. Oh, fuck yeah. Lonnie had never sat on Brandon like this before. He liked the view of the younger man sitting on his spent cock. He wondered briefly what it would feel like to have Lonnie ride him.

Brandon spit into his palm and grabbed Lonnie's dick. He slid his hand up and down, twisting and turning, slow and steady. Brandon had done this enough over the past few days to know exactly how Lonnie liked it. Lonnie arched his back and braced his hands on Brandon's thighs. Brandon's other hand roamed up and down Lonnie's tight little body. His tiny nipples were hard and pointy. Brandon wondered if Lonnie liked them played with. He reached up and pinched one of the little brown nubs. He flicked his thumb back and forth across it and Lonnie bucked up into his hand. 'That answers that question,' Brandon thought with a smirk.

"Brandon, oh god, Brandon," Lonnie moaned. His whimpers and moans grew louder and higher pitched. His body went rigid and started to shake uncontrollably.

Brandon knew that he was about to shoot. Lonnie's body was so responsive, so predictable, so in tune to his touch. When Lonnie was about to come, he shook so hard that Brandon thought he might just shake himself apart one of these times. He could make the boy come so easily with a lethal combination of twists, turns and tweaks. All from Brandon's hand. Brandon wondered if Lonnie's previous lovers did this for him, did it this good for him. He refused to think about them, touching Lonnie's lithe and delicate body. The thought of anyone else's hands on Lonnie pissed him off.

Brandon continued to stroke Lonnie's cock steadily while he tweaked the boy's nipple. He was about to lose it. Any second now...

Lonnie drew in a sharp gasp and thrust up into Brandon's hand, fucking the slick fist. "Daddy, I'm coming!"

Pearly white strings of jizz spurted all over Brandon's chest. It covered his stomach and spilled down his hand.

The release was clearly intense. Lonnie drew in deep gasps of air, his whole body shuddering and heaving. Brandon couldn't help but chuckle and Lonnie laughed with him.

"Oh!" Lonnie grabbed Brandon's wrist, stilling his hand with a hiss. Brandon still managed to swipe his hand up Lonnie's dick once more, twisting around the head as he stroked up. "Oh god!" Lonnie cried out as his body convulsed. He yanked Brandon's hand away from his raw, over-sensitive dick.

"Wow, you're good at that," he said with a happy sigh.

"Had a lot of practice, cupcake," Brandon chuckled as he made a 'jerk off' motion with his messy fist.

Lonnie leaned down and kissed Brandon. "I like when you call me cupcake," he whispered against the bigger man's lips.

Brandon kissed Lonnie back until Lonnie pulled away to take a breath. Brandon was holding his spunky hand out, trying not to let it touch anywhere. Brandon looked at his hand and snickered. His cupcake had a cream center. Images of Twinkies ran through Brandon's head. Nope, Lonnie was no Twinkie. He was definitely a cupcake. His cupcake.

Lonnie grabbed the slimy hand and brought it up to his mouth. He stared into Brandon's eyes while he sucked and licked it until it was clean.

Brandon watched him with a wide-eyed lusty stare and that made Lonnie smirk with glee. Brandon may be confused about his sexuality, but there was no denying what made the man hot.

Lonnie let out a soft sigh, then happily snuggled against Brandon and laid his head down on the big man's furry chest, not caring that he was laying in puddles of his own cooling spunk.

After a moment's hesitation, Brandon's arms slipped around him, holding him tight.

Brandon swallowed but didn't speak. The feelings coursing through him were so confusing.

For the past five days, he had come to Lonnie every night. They shared dinner together, talking and laughing, getting to know each other more and more. Lonnie was so easy to talk to. Brandon told Lonnie personal things he didn't normally share, even telling him details about his marriage and the subsequent failure. He found himself spilling out things he never even told Ben, like how humiliated he was by Ginny walking out on him, how he felt like a total failure. Even though their marriage was completely dysfunctional, it still bruised his ego.

They talked about his mom and having to put her in a home when she got sick, and how hard it was to walk away and leave her there. He even told Lonnie about how he bawled like a baby as soon as he found himself alone in his truck. He never told a single soul about that. Lonnie had put his hand on Brandon's and held it, looking up at him with sympathetic eyes.

They talked about his remodeling business and how it was struggling in the economy. They weren't in danger of going under, but he really hoped the flip would bring them a new source of revenue. He had ten full-time employees to take care of.

It wasn't just one way, Brandon unloading everything onto Lonnie. Lonnie also talked about growing up always feeling a little different. The white kids didn't like him because he wasn't white enough. The Asian kids didn't like him because he didn't speak Japanese and was too American. And not only did he not look like the other kids, but he also struggled with his sexuality for a long time. He grew up being called 'sissy' and then later 'fag'. He came to terms with being gay in his late teens and came out to his mom after he graduated from high school, but he just couldn't tell his dad. He loved his dad, but he always made him feel inadequate.

It was comforting to Brandon to be able to talk to someone about all of the bullshit floating around in his head.

It was also nice to just spend time with someone, kicking back, relaxing, talking about work and how their days went. Brandon had his own home, but it was empty and lonely. He had friends like Ben and Walker, but they had lives of their own. Was it pathetic that he'd rather spend time in an abandoned house with Lonnie and Ricky than his own home?

The nights would eventually lead to the two of them laying together on Lonnie's mattress. That second night, Brandon brought him a new set of sheets to make it more comfortable.

Each time, Lonnie rocked Brandon's world, giving him mind-blowing head like he never had in his life. Lonnie seemed very appreciative of the handjobs that Brandon gave him, always climaxing hard, his moans and whimpers shamelessly loud. And when Lonnie called him 'daddy'... fuck, it made him so damn hot.

That word -- "daddy" -- seemed to naturally spill out of Lonnie's mouth, like the spunk he sucked out of "big daddy's" dick. Talk about a trigger. It let a man know that his boy knew who he belonged to. Brandon wondered if Lonnie knew what it did to him.

And last night, Brandon had even spent the night. After Lonnie gave him an amazing full-body massage, concentrating on the tight knots in his neck and shoulders, Brandon couldn't have got up even if he wanted to. When Lonnie whispered a plea of "stay, please," Brandon pulled him close and they slept, Brandon holding Lonnie in his arms through the night. It felt so right spooned up against the little man. Lonnie had fallen asleep right away, and he looked so angelic laying on his hands folded under his cheek. Brandon surrounded him and protected him with his big warm body, holding his smooth and lean body against his softer and hairier bulk.

Brandon now looked down at the young man laying on his chest. His heart was pounding in his chest, echoing in his ears. He was relaxed but stressed out at the same time. His body wanted to lay like this forever, let someone take care of him, make him feel good, take the stress away. His mind wanted him to run, fast and hard and not look back.

"You're amazing," Lonnie whispered. He pressed his lips to Brandon's chest, then sat up and kissed Brandon's lips again, this time harder. He opened his mouth and let his tongue tickle the bigger man's lips. Brandon opened up and stroked his tongue against Lonnie's.

Their kisses quickly turned heated, passionate beyond anything they had done before. Brandon held tight onto Lonnie, and rolled them over so that Lonnie was underneath him.

Lonnie's legs spread automatically as Brandon moved on top of him, cradling the big man between his thighs. Brandon covered his smaller body completely, making him feel really safe and protected for the first time in a long time. He knew that Brandon was a good man, despite that outward attitude he used to keep people at bay. If he could just break through that shell, they could be so good together. He just knew it.

With a groan, Brandon kissed Lonnie. Lonnie poured all of his emotions into the kiss, letting the big mountain of a man ravish his mouth. He could feel Brandon's cock coming back to life as it pressed beneath his balls, its full ten inches nudging into his crack as if it was drawn towards his target. Lonnie's hole twitched in anticipation and Lonnie whimpered into Brandon's mouth.

Brandon pulled off Lonnie's lips and kissed a trail down his jawline to his neck. He licked and sucked at Lonnie's neck, his whiskers rubbing the skin red, his mouth pulling blood to the surface, boldly marking him. His calloused hands caressed the baby soft skin of Lonnie's body, making Lonnie tremble underneath him, making Lonnie whimper and moan. Brandon loved the power he had over the boy.

Brandon's beard rubbed against Lonnie's skin, sending ripples of pleasure down his spine directly to his groin. "Feels so good," Lonnie whimpered, arching his head back to give Brandon more access to his neck, while also pressing his aching dick against Brandon's furry goodness.

Brandon growled while rubbing and kissing Lonnie's neck and shoulders. "Yeah, cupcake. You feel so fucking good."

Lonnie's body bucked underneath Brandon's. He was so big and heavy, his hairy bulk pushing him down into the mattress. His huge cock pressed harder underneath Lonnie's ball sack. Lonnie's groin contracted and his hole twitched again in anticipation. He couldn't think straight. He knew damn well that it was not a good idea to go all the way with Brandon. He tended to become too emotionally involved with people he had sex with. He would just have to deal with that later. All he knew was that he needed Brandon inside him right now, more than he ever needed anyone or anything in the world.

"Fuck me," Lonnie groaned. "Fuck me, big daddy."

Lonnie slapped his hand to the edge of the mattress. He felt around until he found what he was looking for. He pulled back a near full tube of gel and pushed it into Brandon's hand. "Please, Brandon. I need you. I need you inside me."

Brandon was operating on autopilot, not giving a second thought to what he was about to do, or the line that he was about to cross. The sound of Lonnie's needy voice was just too much. Holy mother of god, he was actually begging to be fucked! Brandon squeezed the slippery gel onto his fingers and smeared them into the crack of Lonnie's ass. He grabbed his cock and started to push up onto his knees, but Lonnie grabbed his wrist.

"You need to stretch me out first," Lonnie said.

"Oh. Yeah. Right. Sorry."

Brandon pushed a slick finger into the boy, then slid in another when Lonnie begged for it.

"Like that?" Brandon asked, hoping that he was doing it right. He didn't want to hurt him, but right now he didn't have the patience for long, drawn out foreplay. He wanted to fuck. Lonnie's ringed muscle throbbed around Brandon's fingers, squeezing him so tight it felt like his hole was trying to snap his fingers off. Brandon's mind had a single purpose: to bury his fat cock inside that hole, to feel it squeeze and throb around him. There were no other thoughts, no other priorities.

"Yes," Lonnie groaned. His hands fisted the sheets, gripping them with tight knuckles. "More."

Brandon pushed in three thick fingers. He pumped and turned, twisted and scissored. He watched in amazement at Lonnie's reactions. The little guy was clearly loving what Brandon was doing to him. He bucked his hips up into the air, then backed his ass up against Brandon's fingers. He wanted to get fucked. Well, god damn it, his ass was going to get fucked.

"God, Brandon. That's enough. I need you inside me. Oh, god, I need you so bad."

Brandon hesitated for a second. He needed Lonnie to know about the test before things went further. "I got tested... I'm clean."

"Me too."

A silent acknowledgement passed between the two of them.

Lonnie turned over onto his hands and knees, presenting himself to Brandon.

Brandon squeezed more gel into his hand and coated his cock. Brandon moved up behind him and used his meaty paws to spread the cheeks of the smaller man's ass. His little brown pucker winked at him and Brandon's cock jerked in response. His ass looked so small, he wasn't sure Lonnie would be able to take him. But he sure as hell was gonna try. He lined the tip of his cock up to its shiny target, and with a push, the head slid into Lonnie.

Lonnie hissed in pain as Brandon breached his muscled ring. He had never had a cock so big. As Brandon pushed in, Lonnie pushed out, easing his entry. Brandon gripped his hips with his big, rough hands, making sure he couldn't get away, not that Lonnie was going anywhere. Lonnie breathed slow and deep and willed himself to relax through the burn. He wanted this. No way was he going to back out now. The spasming slowed and his sphincter relaxed and opened up for his man.

Yes, he thought of Brandon as his. This morning when he woke in Brandon's arms, with the big man's warm body spooned behind him, he knew. He was beyond falling hard and fast for the man. And with Brandon inside him now, he knew it was too late. He was already there.

When Brandon felt Lonnie's body opening for him, he pushed forward, sliding in deeper and deeper. Once he was buried completely inside the boy, he held still. His ass felt so damned tight, so hot, so soft. If he moved he knew that he would come and it would be all over before it started.

Brandon kneaded and squeezed the round cheeks of Lonnie's perfect ass. He spread them with his thumbs and looked where their bodies were connected. Brandon knew he was hung like a horse, but he just couldn't believe how the tiny little hole stretched out for his girth. The dark auburn bush surrounding his cock spilled thickly onto Lonnie's smooth and pale cheeks, providing a sharp contrast in color. His low-hanging nuts rested against Lonnie's tightened sack. Brandon didn't have to reach down and feel between Lonnie's legs to know that Lonnie was rock hard and dripping.

"Move, Brandon. Please."

Brandon gripped Lonnie's hips and slowly pulled back until the ridge of his crown broke free of the tight muscle. He gently pushed forward until he was once again buried completely. When Lonnie moaned and pushed his ass back against him, he pulled back and snapped forward once again. He began moving faster and faster, building up speed and intensity.

"Shit," he grunted. "Tighter than fuck..."

Lonnie panted as Brandon slammed into him. His dick was hard as a steel, pressed against his belly, dripping pre-come onto the mattress beneath him. Then Brandon moved and hit his sweet spot.

"Yes! Right there! Oh god!" he cried out as stars danced in front of his eyes and waves of pleasure soared up his spine.

"There? Like that?" Brandon accented each word with a snap of his hips.

When Lonnie cried out in ecstasy, Brandon made sure he hit the spot over and over. Their skin slapped against each other, the sounds loudly echoing throughout the empty room.

"Oh my god," Lonnie moaned as he pushed back against Brandon.

"Fuck yeah, back that ass up on my cock, boy."

Lonnie's breathing hitched and he started to tremble.

Brandon usually preferred doggy style when he fucked, but this time he wanted to see Lonnie's face. He pulled back and flipped Lonnie over onto his back. Before the boy could protest, he grabbed Lonnie's legs and pushed them towards his chest. He slid forward on his knees and sank into him, all the way to the root in one push. He leaned down onto his hands, hovering over Lonnie.

Lonnie looked up at him in wonder, bringing his hands up to Brandon's chest. He scratched his fingers through Brandon's thick pelt of chest hair. His brown eyes silently pleaded. He wrapped his legs around Brandon's hips and arched upwards.

Brandon couldn't look away from Lonnie. He slammed his hips forward, in and out, up and down, around and round. Hard and fast, slow and easy. When he found Lonnie's g-spot, he made sure to hit it over and over. Lonnie's body was writhing beneath him. He arched his back up and slumped back down onto the bed over and over, his breathing was quick and shallow.

"Fuck me, daddy," he whispered. "So good, so good..."

Lonnie's words inflamed Brandon's desire. Every time he called him 'daddy', his cock swelled and throbbed. Brandon couldn't believe how tight Lonnie's ass was. His tunnel milked his cock, bathing it in silky soft heat. And the way Lonnie was responding... Christ. Brandon never had someone respond to him this way before. He seemed to be enjoying it as much as Brandon was, maybe even more. Soft little high-pitched whimpers and moans spilled from his lips, turning Brandon's crank even harder. He wondered for a second if he was faking it like his ex-wife. He looked down between their bodies and saw the evidence of Lonnie's arousal. His dick was hard and swollen, deep purple and sopping wet with need, his ball sack already drawn up tight. With every snap of Brandon's hips, every thrust across his prostate, Lonnie's dick throbbed, oozing pre-come all over his belly.

"Harder, daddy."

Jesus! Brandon looked back at Lonnie and became lost in the emotions on his face. He thrust without abandon, slamming into his boy's ass like a jackhammer. He could hear himself grunting like an animal, but he couldn't help it. He was giving it to Lonnie as hard as he could, pounding him straight into the mattress. And Lonnie took it all, everything Brandon dished out, pushing back against his body, pressing his aching dick into Brandon's soft furry belly, clawing against his back and sides, whimpering and begging for more.

Lonnie's body suddenly went rigid. His toes curled and he dug his heels into Brandon's thrusting ass. He moaned wantonly, digging the fingers of both of his hands into Brandon's back. "Daddy," he gasped.

Brandon could feel Lonnie's whole body shaking uncontrollably. Brandon's eyes widened. Was Lonnie about to come? Lonnie's mouth then fell open in a silent scream and his back arched up hard and swift.

Brandon gasped as his cock was gripped in what felt like a vise grip. Lonnie's ass muscles began contracting around him and Brandon felt bursts of hot liquid between their bodies. He lifted up and looked down at Lonnie's cock, and watched it spurt jets of come onto his sucked-in belly.

Holy fucking shit. He had fucked the come right out of Lonnie. The knowledge that he had given the boy the ultimate pleasure, that he had fucked him so good that he had come without even so much as a touch... it was just too much.

"Lonnie, I'm--! Oh, Jesus, fuck!"
