 "Where are we going?" Lonnie asked as Brandon missed their turn. Ricky squirmed in his lap, trying to look out the window. "And why did you bring Ricky?"

Brandon cut his eyes over at his little man, before turning his attention back to the road. "It's a surprise."

"Oh. I like surprises," Lonnie grinned as he looked up and down the street, trying to figure out their destination.

"Good."

Brandon seemed a little nervous to Lonnie, which made him wonder all the more what the surprise was about.

When Brandon stopped in front of the pizzeria and parked the truck, Lonnie frowned. "Pizza is the surprise?"

"No, smart ass. I'll be right back." Brandon leaned over and gave Lonnie a quick peck on the lips. He left the truck's diesel engine idling and hopped out. Ricky bounced up Lonnie's lap and put his paws up on the window and watched his big daddy walk around the front of the truck.

Lonnie watched his sexy bear of a man get out of the truck and hurry into the restaurant. Brandon returned a few minutes later with a large pizza box, breadsticks, and a plastic bag with bottles of soda.

When Ricky saw Brandon, he bounced off Lonnie's lap into Brandon's seat. The little dog's tail was wagging a mile a minute.

Brandon managed to get the door open before Lonnie could reach over and help.

"Scoot, pest," Brandon growled at Ricky.

Brandon handed the items to Lonnie as he got into the truck, then scooped Ricky up, gave him a quick kiss on top of his head, and then put him on the floor in front of Lonnie's feet. Lonnie turned around and carefully put the pizza on the back seat. He put the bag of breadsticks into the bag with the sodas and set it on the floor, next to a big duffel bag. Lonnie poked at the bag, wondering what was in it and if it was related to the surprise.

Brandon put the F-250 into gear and turned and looked out the window towards the street. The engine rumbled loudly as he pulled into traffic.

Lonnie turned back around and put his seat belt back on. He looked out the window, trying to get his bearings on their secret destination.

They drove for about fifteen minutes before things started looking familiar.

When Brandon turned down onto the dead-end road, Lonnie's heart began to race. He had been dying to see the old flip house ever since the construction was finished just two days ago. He was especially excited to see the inside, since Brandon asked for his advice on paint colors and other decorating choices. That really made him feel good, like he was really part of the company. He couldn't wait to see how it all turned out.

Brandon pulled into the driveway of the small ranch home, parking the truck in the driveway, in front of the garage.

Lonnie's mouth fell open at the sight in front of him. "Oh my god, Brandon! This is fabulous!"

Lonnie unbuckled his seat belt, pushed the door open and stepped down onto the running board. He hopped down onto the driveway, scooped up Ricky and set him down on the ground, and walked around to the other side of the truck to look at the house.

The flip house had been repaired and completely repainted on the outside, a really pretty shade of pale green, exactly the color he suggested. Brand new shutters framed the windows. A new application of sod on all sides made it look like a real home. The walkway from the sidewalk to the rebuilt front porch was lined with stones and flower beds. It was way more deluxe than he imagined it would be.

Brandon fished into his pocket and handed Lonnie a keyring with a single key on it. "Here, cupcake."

Brandon watched Lonnie's face light up. Those dimples he loved so much made an appearance and he couldn't help but smile. He grabbed the pizza, drinks, and the duffel bag he had stashed earlier in the day. He followed Lonnie up the sidewalk to the front porch.

Lonnie put the key into the deadbolt lock and turned around and looked back at Brandon. "I've never come in this way before. I can't wait to see how it turned out."

They both chuckled as Lonnie pushed open the door. As soon as he stepped into the living room, Lonnie couldn't help but gasp.

The inside of the house had been gutted and remodeled. Long gone was the cold, dark abandoned house that he took refuge in when he became homeless. The inside was almost unrecognizable.

The dirty carpeting had been torn out and replaced with beautiful bamboo floors throughout the home. The living room was painted the earthy, warm sage green color he had chosen. The fireplace had been refinished with a gorgeous stone work. Lonnie ran his hand along the fireplace mantle, wishing that he could have enjoyed such gorgeous craftsmanship in the short time that he lived here. He flipped the switch next to the fireplace and the gas ignited, bathing the fireplace logs in bright, warm flames. He watched the flickering flames longingly for a moment. How sexy would it be to make love with Brandon in front of the fire on a cold winter night? He shut the switch off and moved on.

The living room flowed right into the dining room, which had a simple chandelier and white wainscoting on the walls to differentiate it from the living room space. Lonnie leaned on the new counter that separated the brand new kitchen from the dining room. New stainless steel appliances, custom cabinets, and granite countertops gave it a fresh, contemporary look.

Brandon set the pizza box and bags on the breakfast bar and they continued their tour. Off the kitchen was a pantry and a utility room that had a new washer and dryer. Moving down the hallway to the bedrooms was the newly remodeled bathroom, the two smaller bedrooms and finally the master bedroom.

It was the master bathroom that made Lonnie want to cry from envy. A new bathtub with jets sat in the corner. There was a separate glass shower stall big enough for two, complete with dual shower heads. A huge mirror took up the wall above the double sink vanity. The tile work was simply amazing.

Ricky's nails clicked on the tiled floor as he walked around the bathroom, sniffing all of the new fixtures. Brandon snapped his fingers. "Boy, if you lift your leg in here, I'm gonna drop kick your ugly little ass."

As they walked back to the kitchen, Lonnie shook his head. "Brandon, this is just amazing. I can't believe the work you guys put into it. I thought you were going to go cheap and quick?"

"Well, it started out that way, but this place is special to me."

Lonnie squeezed Brandon's hand, touched that he thought of the house where they first met as special. "Yeah. It's nice to see it like this, the way it should be."

"Let's go out back."

They walked into the kitchen towards the back door. Lonnie smiled when he saw that the doggie door was still there.

Ricky darted between their legs, heading right for the doggie door. He hit the doggie door and then fell back onto his butt when it didn't swing open.

"Aw, poor baby," Lonnie said.

Ricky yipped at the door.

Brandon laughed and tapped it with his steel-toed boot and it didn't swing open.

"It's remote controlled, like Toby's," he explained. "It only opens with the right sensor on the dog collar. Don't want any ugly stray mutts to come in and squat."

Lonnie laughed. "You're so mean. Don't talk about our baby that way."

Brandon lifted an eyebrow and looked down at Ricky. "That is not my baby. That is a dog."

"Mm-hmm. Whatever you say." Lonnie knew damn well how much Brandon loved Ricky, no matter what he said.

Lonnie opened the door and walked past a protesting Brandon.

Stepping through the back door, the back yard was unrecognizable. In place of the crumbling concrete steps was a brand new wooden deck. The deck wasn't too large, but it would be plenty big enough to hold a patio table set and a barbecue grill.

Three little steps led down to a completely sodded back yard that was now enclosed in with a wood-slat privacy fence. A row of saplings along the back fence would give the yard a little more privacy once they grew up and out.

Lonnie leaned against the deck railing and looked out at the yard, watching Ricky running around the yard looking for the perfect spot to lift his leg on.

"You like it, cupcake?" Brandon asked as he slid next to Lonnie and put his arm around his shoulders. He leaned down and pressed his lips to the top of his cupcake's head.

"I love it. It's perfect, Brandon," he replied quietly. "Whoever buys this place will be really happy."

While he was overjoyed that the house had been renovated so lovingly and so beautifully, the thought of someone else living in the house hurt his heart. Lonnie blinked away the tears that started to form. He was just being stupid. It was just a house. He pulled the key out of his pocket and held it out to Brandon.

Brandon closed Lonnie's fist around the key. "That's yours, cupcake." He unclipped the keychain connected to his belt and held it up, jingling the many keys there. "I already got one."

Lonnie opened his palm and looked at the key. The sound of Brandon's keys snapped him out of his trance. He looked up and stared open-mouthed at Brandon as he reclipped his keys to his belt. What was Brandon saying? Did he mean... Surely not!

Brandon leaned against the railing and pulled Lonnie to his chest and bent down and kissed the top of his head. Lonnie tilted his head back and looked up at the big bear who was holding him so tight.

"This is our place now, baby," Brandon spoke quietly. "I want to start new with you. Me, you, and Ricky... We're a little family now, hmm?"

Lonnie buried his face in Brandon's chest and wrapped his arms around him. He couldn't help the emotions that bubbled over and his shoulders shook as he silently cried tears of happiness.

Brandon held him tighter when he felt Lonnie trembling in his arms while hiding his face in his chest. He rubbed his hand down Lonnie's back, trying to calm him. He rubbed his nose in Lonnie's hair and gave him a kiss on top of his head. "So, what do you say, cupcake? You wanna move here with me?"

Lonnie nodded against Brandon's chest. He lifted his head and nodded again as he looked into Brandon's eyes. He sniffled and swallowed, finally getting his emotions under control. "Yes, Brandon. I would love to."

Brandon wiped Lonnie's face dry, then kissed him. Lonnie opened for Brandon's tongue, sucking it into his mouth. He didn't pull away until he was close to passing out from lack of oxygen.

Brandon held Lonnie's chin in his hand and stroked his thumb over Lonnie's bottom lip. "You know I love you, don't you?" Brandon asked.

"Yes. And I love you, too."

"You make me so damn happy." Brandon's voice cracked a little at the end. His eyes started to itch a little and he had to blink a few times.

Brandon's reaction melted Lonnie into a puddle. It was very rare that Brandon let his emotions show. "You make me happy too." Lonnie sniffled and wiped his nose. "So what are you gonna do with your old place?" Lonnie asked as he stroked his hands over the soft flannel covering Brandon's chest. He rubbed at the wet spot that might have come from his eyes or, yikes, from his nose. He found the tufts of auburn hair peeking out at the hollow of Brandon's neck and twirled his finger around them.

"The company's gonna fix it up and sell it. Trade this flip for that one."

"It doesn't bother you... selling your home?"

"Nah. That place never really held any sentimental meaning. I mean, I lived there with my ex-wife, but I'm moving on. I'm starting over with you. It only makes sense that we start with a new home. And what better place than right here, huh?"

Lonnie nodded and snuggled closer to Brandon. "When I first saw your house, it made me sad for you. It was so empty, just a shell... Kinda like you were when I first met you," he said. He ran his fingers over Brandon's beard and looked up at him lovingly. "But look at this place now... It's been totally transformed. It just needed love and care. Just like you, Brandon."

Brandon drew in a ragged breath and blinked, trying to soothe the burning behind his eyes. "Being here with you, baby... It's like coming home. And I'm never gonna leave."

Brandon captured Lonnie's mouth in a soul-searing kiss. "I love you, cupcake," he whispered against Lonnie's lips, then pressed one more kiss.

Lonnie clutched at the key in his fist and returned Brandon's kiss.

***

Brandon watched Lonnie set the pizza box on the counter and pull the sodas out of the bag. Lonnie pulled out the big stack of napkins and started to get ready for the pair to eat dinner.

But Brandon wasn't in the mood for food. He was hungry for something else. He licked his lips as he stared down at the round cheeks of Lonnie's rocking ass. So damn tight and perky. He moved behind Lonnie and leaned in close, letting him feel the heat of his bigger body. Lonnie froze and drew in a puff of air.

Brandon let his hand slide down Lonnie's right arm. He took Lonnie's hand and pressed it against his groin, letting the little man feel his erection.

"Do you feel what you do to me?" Brandon whispered into his ear.

Lonnie closed his eyes and shuddered. The sensation of Brandon's beard and the warmness of his breath tickling his ear was just too hot. He squeezed the large bulge in his hand, stroking his fingers back and forth over the denim-encased flesh.

Lonnie turned around and lifted his head up for a kiss. When Brandon leaned down, Lonnie opened his mouth for his slick tongue. His hands moved to Brandon's belt and quickly unbuckled and then unzipped his jeans. Since Brandon never wore underwear, his dick came free and slapped against his belly. Lonnie couldn't help the moan that slipped past his lips. Brandon had the most perfect dick. It was so big, so hard.

"Suck it, boy," Brandon growled as he pushed Lonnie onto his knees.

Lonnie willingly dropped to his knees in front of his bear. The hardwood floor was cold and hard against his knees, but he didn't care. He ran his tongue up the underside of that magnificent cock, tracing along the largest of the veins. He could feel the hot hardness pulse with each of Brandon's heartbeats. When he got to the underside of the head, he flicked his tongue back and forth across that ultra-sensitive little piece of flesh where his foreskin connected below the head. Brandon groaned and tightened his hands in Lonnie's hair.

Lonnie gripped the base and aimed it down. He took the head into his mouth and started to suck. He knew exactly how Brandon liked his blowjobs. He relaxed his throat and took Brandon deep. When he pulled back, he sucked down all the slobber with a slurp and swallowed. He took another breath as he slid back down. When the head bumped the back of his throat, he swallowed and took in another inch.

He felt like he barely got started when Brandon reached down and pulled him back to his feet. He looked at Brandon questioningly.

"You're gonna make me come too quick," Brandon explained. "Your mouth is just too fucking good, and I'm gonna be inside your ass when I come."

Brandon kissed Lonnie slow and deep, stroking his tongue with his own. Lonnie sucked Brandon's tongue into his mouth, and Brandon pushed his throbbing cock into Lonnie's belly.

While they kissed, Brandon began unbuttoning Lonnie's shirt. He needed his boy naked. He tossed the shirt aside, then started on his pants. Lonnie held himself steady on Brandon's big frame and toed off his shoes.

Brandon reached into the duffel bag and pulled out a thick comforter. He spread it on the wood floor, hoping that it would be enough padding. He dug around the bag and pulled out a brand new bottle of lube.

"Lay down on your back," Brandon commanded.

Lonnie instantly obeyed, laying down, spreading his legs with his arms at his sides. Brandon could see his boy was trembling with desire and need. His cheeks were flushed and his breathing was already quickening. His dick was rock hard, laying rigid against his stomach, pointing towards his belly button. Redness crept down the dusky shaft, and the crown glistened with slick pre-come.

"You're so obedient," Brandon told him. "Such a good boy. I think you deserve a reward."

Brandon stroked his hands down Lonnie's body, caressing his perfect skin. "Your skin is so soft, baby. So smooth and creamy..." When his hands reached his boy's waist, he rubbed his thumb over Lonnie's clover tattoo.

Lonnie let out a little moan as Brandon touched him, letting Brandon know how good he was making him feel. Brandon grabbed his boy's legs behind the knees and pushed them up and out, spreading him wide. He dipped his head down and licked Lonnie's delicate sack, pulling his balls into his mouth one at a time until they pulled up tight against his body.

Brandon grabbed Lonnie's dripping dick and slid his fingers around, smearing the copious pre-come all over. He pulled the stiff dick away from Lonnie's belly and slid his fingers over the sensitive head and watched a pearly drop ooze out of the slit. He swiped his tongue over the tip and Lonnie's breathing hitched.

Lonnie panted and arched his hips up just a bit before dropping back down. "Daddy, please," he moaned, his voice tight and needy.

Brandon knew what Lonnie was asking for. In the two months they'd been together, Brandon still hadn't taken Lonnie into his mouth. Lonnie gave him head nearly every morning and they fucked nearly every night. Brandon regularly ate Lonnie's ass, but for some reason, he couldn't get himself to suck his dick. Lonnie had never asked him to do it, but who wouldn't want a hot mouth on their dick?

Lonnie lifted his hand, and paused hesitantly, then moved the shaking hand to the back of Brandon's head. His delicate fingers lightly rubbed the stubble of Brandon's high and tight cut. Brandon looked up and his eyes met Lonnie's. The depth of emotion in the boy's expressive brown eyes never failed to amaze him. Those eyes were begging. Lonnie's hand on his head gave the gentlest of nudges while his hips pushed up slightly.

How could Brandon possibly resist his gorgeous boy? With his fingers tight around the base of Lonnie's cock, Brandon pulled it up so that it was pointing upwards. He never took his eyes off Lonnie's as he took him into his mouth.

As he closed his lips around the shaft and began sliding his mouth down, he watched Lonnie's facial expression. Lonnie's mouth dropped open and he drew in a deep breath. Brandon had never done this before, but he found it wasn't so bad. He knew Lonnie liked a more gentle touch since he was so sensitive, so he sucked softly while his mouth slid up and down. He kept a tight seal with his lips and made sure to keep his teeth covered. No one liked their cock scraped. He must have been doing it right, judging from the sexy whimpers and moans spilling from Lonnie's mouth.

Brandon was surprised to find that he enjoyed having Lonnie in his mouth like this. Lonnie's dick didn't really have a taste, but the leaking pre-come was sweet and salty and slippery. Brandon managed to wet his middle finger, while still working Lonnie with his mouth. His finger slid into Lonnie's crease, searching for the hairless target hidden there. Lonnie moaned and spread his legs wider, encouraging Brandon. A gentle push and Brandon's thick digit was buried inside his boy's tight heat. A flick forward and he rubbed the rough, calloused pad of that finger against Lonnie's walls, pressing against his sensitive gland on the other side.

Lonnie bucked up, pressing his dick deeper into Brandon's mouth. "Oh god, daddy!" he cried. He grabbed a handful of the comforter in his fist while the other hand tensed on Brandon's head.

Brandon moaned around Lonnie's dick, bobbing his mouth up and down. His boy's dick wasn't big, but he was just right for sucking as far as Brandon was concerned. Brandon found he could easily take him from tip to root with each stroke of his mouth. His finger moved inside his ass in a counterpoint rhythm. When he replaced the single finger with both his index and middle fingers, Lonnie started to shake. Brandon knew that Lonnie was about to come, but he was so into what he was doing, so into Lonnie's responses, that there was no way in hell he was going to pull off. Brandon increased his head speed and moved his fingers with increasing pressure, wanting to make sure Lonnie was stretched for what was going to happen next.
