 THE TAKING OF TWO STRAIGHT CHERRIES

It was a beautiful sight to behold if one had been fortunate enough to be in the bedroom that Sunday morning. A very pretty young man named Jodie was naked in bed on his knees. He was leaning over and had a large thick cock in his mouth that belonged to a handsome muscular young man named Bert. Kneeling behind Jody was another muscular guy named Don who had his long slender cock sliding in and out of Jodie's beautiful ass. As he fucked the young gay he caressed the smooth, hairless and flawless buttocks.

This was morning sex following an incredible threesome that took place Saturday night. Bert and Don were roommates and they now considered themselves bisexual. Jodie was responsible for the two hunks becoming bisexual as he was absolutely drop-dead gorgeous. He had long silky brown hair that covered his ears and the nape of his neck. Long hair styles were popular in the early 1970's. Jodie had a lovely slender body with shapely legs and a killer ass. He stood at 5'5" and weighed a trim 140 pounds. When his cock and balls were not visible, he looked like a pretty flat-chested young girl.

Bert and Don were cock hounds and they were always chasing pussy. Don was 6'2" weighing about 190 and Bert 6'1" at 185. They were both very fit and had chiseled bodies. They usually scored with chicks fairly easily but they didn't waste a lot of time on the prowl, at least not since they met Jodie. The guys went to the local community college part time with full time jobs. Jodie, however, attended the nearby all-boys private college. They met last night when Jodie was hitchhiking back to campus from downtown.

Bert was driving his van with Don in the front passenger seat when they spotted Jodie. At first they thought he was a cute girl hitching a ride which is why they stopped. They never regretted stopping and picking him up. Don had got in back thinking it was a girl and he invited Jodie to sit in back with him. Being horny Don had wasted no time in testing the water and he fished out his slender 7+inch cock. Jodie immediately went down on the stud and within minutes Don was spurting his seed into the succulent mouth.

He still had not realized that Jodie was a guy and a gay. Bert pulled his van into a parking area that he and Don had frequented with chicks in the van. He got in back with Jodie and Don. Bert quickly dropped his pants and underwear to his knees and Jodie was all over the thick dick. Bert and Don were about the same length but Bert's cock was close to 6 inches around. As Jodie sucked Bert, Don moved behind and began to fondle the curvy bottom. Jodie rotated his butt showing his approval and Don took it further.

Before Don had Jodie's slacks unfastened, Bert shot a huge load into the pretty gay's mouth. At this point both hunks thought that they were about to fuck a cute girl in the back of the van. Don slipped off the tight slacks and was surprised to see Jodie wearing male briefs. He was further surprised to see a bulge in the underwear.

"Holy shit Bert, this chick has a dick."

"So what have we here? Why didn't you tell us that you were gay?"

"You didn't ask and I assumed you knew that when you picked me up. Don had just pulled out his cock so I sucked it."

"Yeah then you sucked mine too without saying anything."

"So what should we do with him now Bert?"

"I have to be honest Don, he gave me great head. I had no idea he was gay. I thought he was just a flat-chested horny little cunt."

"I agree. He really gave me a great blow job too."

"Let's have him blow us again and then we'll drop him off."

"Where do you live gay boy?"

"My name is Jodie and I attend the private boy's college. I don't mind sucking you off again but I wonder if you would like to fuck me."

"I don't know. Don and I have butt fucked girls before but never a gay. This is our first time getting blown by a guy."

Jodie slipped off his underwear and knelt on the floor of the van. He arched his back emphasizing the shape of his lovely ass. Both Don and Bert were surprised by the appeal of the curvy bottom. Jodie then slipped off his shirt and he was completely naked. He looked very alluring naked on all fours.

"You know Don; I think that I can do this. He looks like a girl and I think that I can fuck that ass."

"I think that I can too."

"Can Don fuck me first? He can stretch me out some before I take your cock Bert. Do you guys have any lube?"

"Yeah, I'll get it." 

Bert got the anal gel out of the glove compartment. They always had it in there in case they were fucking a girl in the van. When Bert turned back toward them he saw that Don had stripped naked too. He handed him the lube and watched as Don readied Jodie's ass for a butt fuck. Don thoroughly lubed his cock and Jodie's anus before easing his slender 7+ incher into the receptive bottom. Once in the sweet ass, he fucked it slowly and caressed the lovely buttocks. 

"I have to tell you Bert this is pretty hot. Jodie has a very sweet ass and it is just like fucking a cute girl. In this position I can't see his cock and balls. I don't feel that it is any different being in his ass."

"Glad to hear that, I'm looking forward to giving it a go too. Jodie while Don's fucking you, suck my cock and keep me hard and wet for your ass."

Bert loved the sight in front of him but he had to be careful not to cum again. He definitely wanted to fuck Jodie's hot ass and not cum in his mouth a second time. He placed his hand on the pretty gay's head but not to force it on his cock. He ran his fingers through the silky hair in a gesture indicating that he loved the blow job. Don continued to caress the curvy buttocks as he slowly fucked the curvy bottom. Jodie was stroking his own cock as he was excited by the prospect of taking two straight cherries in one night.

Don was the first to cum and he held to Jodie's hips as he drove his cock in and held it there. Several spurts shot into Jodie's rectum and he used his sphincter to massage the slender shaft. Jodie then came and fired his load onto the floor of the van. His sphincter tightened around Don's cock each time a stream was ejaculated from his 6 inch pecker. Sensing that his roommate had cum, Bert removed his cock from the succulent mouth and switched positions with Don.

Bert lubed his cock thoroughly and then Jodie greased his bottom some more in order to take the thicker shaft. Moving close to the kneeling gay, Bert eased his cock into the taut rubbery ring. The spongy mushroom head cleared and he held still for several seconds allowing Jodie to stretch out a little more. He gradually fed this cock to the very snug chamber until he was about half way in. Bert moved slowly but with a forward motion each time until he was buried balls deep in the hot ass.

He caressed the lovely buttocks just as Don had and he loved being in the snug gripping rectum. Bert liked anal sex but it wasn't often that he got to fuck a nice ass. Jodie handled the cock with some difficulty but in time opened up and enjoyed the penetration. As the thick shaft filled his bottom, Jodie stayed hard and jerked off a second time. He came before Bert who felt the sphincter tighten around his pecker with each spurt.

He was not in any hurry to cum as he savored every minute was balls deep in the marvelous ass. He squeezed and fondled the sweet ass cheeks as he moved steadily in and out. His toes tingled and he felt the ball sac tighten as his release built within him. Then he exploded in the super fine ass and flooded Jodie's rectum. Bert remained in the lovely bottom for several minutes and then eased his softening dick from its confines. The smell of sex was rampart in the back of the van. Don was hard again and was ready to fuck Jody a second time but Bert had other ideas.

"Jodie, do you have any plans for tonight or would you like to come back to our place?"

"I don't have any plans for tonight or tomorrow. I would love to spend the night at your place."

"Are you cool with that Don?"

"Absolutely, I want to fuck this hot ass again."

"Okay then, let's get our clothes back on and head out." 

The three of them got redressed and then Bert drove to the apartment. They weren't dressed long once inside and within minutes they were all naked in Bert's bed. Bert and Don got a true appreciation for just how pretty Jodie looked in bed with his lovely ass turned up for more fucking. Don fucked him first and then Bert. That night Jodie stayed in Bert's bed while Don went to his own. 

SUNDAY MORNING 

When Don woke up and walked into his roommate's bedroom he was treated to an erotic sight he didn't expect. Bert was on his back with Jodie sitting on the big dick. Bert was drilling Jodie's ass and the cute gay's erection was flopping around. Muscular arms were wrapped around Jodie's upper body as the thick pecker moved in and out. Don was surprised that Jodie could maintain an erection with a big dick in his ass.

He stood there and watched them until they both ejaculated. Bert came first and as he did his cock slipped from the sweet ass and a trail of semen trickled out and ran over his scrotum. More semen shot out and landed on Jodie's abs, cock and balls. Jodie then jerked off rapidly and was soon shooting his load onto his slender body. Bert spotted Don standing there and smiled at him.

"I got him warmed up for you."

"I can see that," Don replied as he approached the bed.

He had Jodie get on all fours and then he entered the inviting bottom once again. Bert maneuvered his body so that Jodie could suck his cock clean. It didn't take Don long to cum and he soon filled the receptive ass with his seed. The three of them relaxed in bed for several minutes and then one by one they showered and got dressed. Bert made pancakes for breakfast and afterward they took Jodie to his dorm on campus.

Jodie handed Bert his contact information. "Here in case you guys would like to get together again."

"I'll hold on to it Jodie but I'm not sure we'll be calling you. This was a first for Don and I and we will have to think about it."

"I understand but at least you know how to get in touch if you want to."

Jody got out of the car and walked toward his dormitory. Bert and Don watched him and even then they still admired his ass in the tight slacks. They had plans for the afternoon so they left the campus and headed back to the apartment. They were supposed to meet some girls at the apartment complex swimming pool after lunch.

RETURNING TO THE DORM

As Jodie entered the dorm he was anxious to tell his roommate about being picked up by two straight hunks. He knew that Ronnie would be concerned about him. He got to his dorm room and Ronnie was there sitting around in just his boxer shorts.

"Oh good, you're back. I was beginning to worry about you."

"Ronnie, I just had the incredible night and morning of sex. I was picked up by these two hunks. They didn't know I was gay. They thought I was a girl."

"Oh my God, get your clothes off and sit on the bed. I want to hear all about it."

Jodie began to undress and Ronnie took off his boxers. His 5" cock was already hard in anticipation of hearing about the juicy encounter. Jodie and Ronnie were somewhat closet gays as they had not had sex with anyone else. It was Jodie's first with others and Ronnie was dying to hear about it.

"They thought I was a girl while I sucked them both off. They liked my ass and wanted to fuck me and that's when they found out I was a pretty gay boy."

"You're lucky they weren't gay bashers."

"I guess but as it turned out they loved fucking me and they fucked me again this morning. They were both hung, nearly 8" but the one guy Bert was really thick."

"Did it hurt?"

"Not really as his buddy fucked me first and that helped loosen me up. I felt bloated at first but my ass really stretched out and I was able to handle him."

"Here turn on your side and move close to me. I'll jerk us off as I listen to you."

Jodie and Ronnie faced each other close enough that Ronnie could hold both cocks in his hand and he jerked them off as Jodie filled him in on the details. Jodie was hot and he had missed getting blown or fucking Ronnie.

"Ronnie, I need your ass so bed. Let me fuck you and then you can fuck me."

Jodie was ready to fuck and he told Ronnie to get on all fours. He took the anal gel and greased up his cock. Next he greased up Ronnie's anus and he marveled at the shapely ass on the small frame. The two young men could pass for brothers they were built so similar. Jodie had a nicer curvier ass but Ronnie's was shapely too. There was a slight difference in their cocks as Ronnie's was five inches and Jodie's six inches. Like Jodie, Ronnie wore his hair long and it was a lighter brown than Jodie's. 

Ronnie looked good on all fours as he waited for his roommate's cock to penetrate his ass. Jodie took his time lubricating the cute ass and he liked the submissive posture that his lover presented. Ronnie had his head down on his hands which were folded on the bed. His ass was elevated and his back was arched emphasizing the curvy shape of his ass. He looked perfect and he presented exactly the image that Jodie liked to fuck.

Jodie moved close and slowly eased his cock into the welcoming ass. Ronnie groaned slightly with the penetration and his sphincter stretched to accept the 6" cock. Once past the sphincter he fucked Ronnie slowly until the sweet ass opened up and was once again able to take the stiff cock. Jodie then picked up the pace and soon his hips were slamming into his lover. Ronnie's cute ass would jiggle each time he thrust into it and Jodie loved the effect. Jodie felt his release building and he knew that he would shoot a good sized load. 

"Remember how I like it Jodie. Cum on me not in me and then put your cock back in me."

Ronnie felt Jodie's body stiffen and make one final thrust just before he pulled out and fired streams of semen at the dilated anus. Ronnie felt cum bounce off the rubbery ring and soak his buttocks, a feeling he dearly loved. Jodie moved his stiff dick around the cum-coated skin scooping up some of his seed. He pushed his cum-covered back in his roommate's ass pushing more semen back into the chamber.

Ronnie's sphincter muscle clenched and unclenched as it massaged Jodie's cock and drew every remaining drop of cum from the shaft. Jodie kept pressed against his lover and let his cock be milked dry. Ronnie couldn't hold his position any longer and he collapsed forward on the bed. Jodie followed him down and lay on top of him with his cock still buried in his lover's ass. He felt Ronnie's smooth hairless skin against his own effeminate body and he liked the feeling. Jodie then rolled to the side and his still erect cock slipped from Ronnie's dilated anus.

Ronnie remained on his stomach face down on the bed as he savored the moment of being thoroughly fucked. Jodie looked over at twitching ass and he could see cum oozing from it. Jodie started by caressing Ronnie's curvy smooth ass and then he played with his anus. Jodie gathered up some more semen and pushed his finger into the receptive hole. Ronnie wiggled his ass in response as Jodie played with him.

Ronnie then pushed himself up on all fours giving Jodie better access. It was then that Jodie noticed that Ronnie had cum. A string of semen dangled from Ronnie's cock and there were wet spots on the sheets. Jodie was so hot form the idea of seducing two straight guys that he felt his desire mount again so he moved back behind his roommate. Ronnie always liked getting fucked in the spoon position so that Jodie could give him a reach around. 

Jodie eased his cock back into Ronnie's ass for a second time and he knew he would last longer this time since he had already cum. He fucked Ronnie for what seemed like an hour and the two of them caressed and kissed all during the coupling. When Jodie wasn't stroking Ronnie's cock he was cupping shapely buttock. Jodie finally came again but Ronnie didn't and he was anxious to flip flop and fuck the pretty Jodie.

"Oh Jodie, you were really turned on. You sure had a lot of cum built up."

"I did. I was so excited after coming out last night that I just had to fuck you."

"Ronnie would you give me a massage? My body is really tight now." 

"Sure you know how much I like to massage you."

Ronnie retrieved the body lotion and then straddled Jodie's body. Ronnie sat on the legs just below the shapely buttocks and rested his soft cock in the crack of the marvelous ass. Ronnie poured the lotion on Jodie's back and shoulders and then began to massage him. The skin was hairless, smooth and flawless and Ronnie's hands glided over the effeminate body. After several minutes of massaging the upper body Ronnie turned his attention to Jodie's ass. He massaged each of Jodie's buttocks relishing in the feel of the round firm globes. He felt his cock begin to harden again and within a few minutes of rubbing Jodie's ass Ronnie was erect. The hard cock was nestled in the crack of Jodie's ass and Ronnie slid his cock within the fold of curvy buttocks.

"You like my ass don't you Ronnie?"

"Oh my God, how could I not like it? I love your ass and I love fucking you in your perfectly shaped ass."

"Are you going to fuck me now?"

"You know I am. I need to fuck your hot ass."

Ronnie smoothed the anal gel all over his cock and then he poured some of it in the crack of his lover's ass. Ronnie then fingered the anus making sure that it was well lubed. Satisfied that Jodie was sufficiently lubricated, Ronnie eased his cock into his roommate for the first time that day. Jodie pushed his buns up to meet Ronnie's penetration and the cock slid in easily. Jodie groaned as the shaft filled his anal passage. Ronnie fucked his lover for what seemed to be almost an hour before he finally ejaculated in the sweet ass and then he collapsed on top of Jodie. The two of them remained in the same position for several minutes before they separated. Ronnie rolled off of Jodie and lay on his back. 

"God I love fucking you."

"I love fucking you too."

"Do you think you will ever hook up with those guys again?"

"I don't know. I did tell them how to reach me but they didn't think they would. Somehow though, I have a feeling that they might sometime down the road."

"Do you think that I could go with you if they do call?"

"I don't know. I can always ask. Are you sure you want to? You haven't had sex with anyone but me."

"I think so. I could probably do it because you're with me."

"Hey it's almost dinner time. We better get cleaned up."

The two lovers got out of bed and wrapped towels around their bodies. They walked down to the showers and took quick ones. Then they got dressed and headed for the cafeteria to have dinner. They would return to their room after dinner and make love again before lights out.

TWO WEEKS LATER

Things were pretty6 normal for Jodie and Ronnie as they continued their love making but did not venture out looking for other partners. Jodie was actually somewhat disappointed that he hadn't heard from Bert and Don but he was resolved to the fact that he probably wouldn't see them again. Even though he knew where they lived he was apprehensive about going there uninvited.

Bert and Don had a couple of good dates with some pretty hot chicks. The weekend however was looking bleak. Don had to attend a family affair and would be gone Friday and maybe even Saturday night. The weather was absolutely crappy as it was chilly and raining like crazy. The forecast was the same for the entire weekend and Bert didn't even feel like going out. It was not the kind of weather to go clubbing. 

Don left on Friday afternoon and Bert reminded him to drive carefully and be on the lookout for flooding. After Don left, Bert sat down with a beer and contemplated what to do that weekend. For some reason he thought of Jodie and the lovely ass on him. He pondered the idea of inviting him over and then decided why not. Jodie was a sweet piece of ass and it would be just what Bert needed. He decided to call the pretty gay and invite him over. Jodie was thrilled to hear from Bert and he immediately accepted the invitation. 
