 PRELUDE

Barry and Andy, the swim team co-captains were relaxing in the pool after their normal workout. It was another year for the college swim team and they were looking forward to the incoming freshman who had been awarded scholarships. They knew what the new students would be going through as they had been there three years ago. Now as seniors, they were elected the captain and co-captain of the university swim team. The two other seniors Rick and Steve were in the shower following the morning workout. Barry questioned Andy about the new students.

"Have you seen these guys? Are they hot?"

"I met with them with Coach but they were in street clothes. I'm anxious to see them in the Speedos. A couple of them had nice looking asses."

"Do you think they are gay?"

"I'm not sure about two of them but the other two definitely. You know how the coach likes them."

"Oh yeah, he can't wait to stick his big dick in fresh meat."

"Remember, when he did us?"

"I'll never forget. I never had anything that big my ass."

"He is hung, isn't he?"

"But after our freshman year, he left us alone."

"He is only into the new meat which changes each year."

Barry pulled his dick out through the leg opening in the red Speedo. He stroked his cock into hardness. Andy looked at the 6+" boner and then did the same thing. His was about the same size. Soon they were stroking the other's cock and getting worked up. Barry sat up on the pool's edge and Andy leaned in to take the cock in his mouth. As Andy gave Barry one of his signature blow jobs, the other senior Rick was on the floor of the shower room with his legs bent back toward his chest, Steve was fucking him.  

Being worked up from the conversation and the great blow job, Barry came quickly and shot his load into Andy's mouth. As he was cumming, so was Steve and he flooded Rick's ass. Barry and Andy traded places so that Barry could suck Andy's dick. In the shower room, it was Rick's turn to fuck Steve. Later that morning they all returned to the athletic dorm where the swim team resided. Tomorrow, Andy and Barry would hold freshman orientation for the new swim team members. They were looking forward to that.

RECRUITMENT

Roger Harris was the coach of the swim team for a small but elite university in California. His teams were perennial conference champions and always held their own against the bigger schools in the NCAA tournament. Coach Harris recruited students based on several factors. The boys had to be good swimmers; they had to be slender with near hairless and flawless bodies; they had to have nice asses and they were either gay or bisexual.

The four incoming freshmen fit that criteria. Roger was convinced that William and Gerald were gay. He didn't know for sure about Robby and Freddie but he was certain that they would come out once on campus. He was particularly drawn to Robby and he was looking forward to sticking his nearly 8" cock in that superfine ass. There was one rule that the swim team followed, no one fucked the new students until the coach had them.

Robby, at 18, was inexperienced with sex but he sensed that he was gay. He like looking at guys even though he had never done anything with one. He was 5'6" and weighed a trim 150 pounds. His flawless body was perfect in every sense and he possessed a killer ass. He had wavy blonde hair and light blue eyes. He was a dreamboat.

Freddie also 18, had a couple of gay sex encounters but he was still fairly naïve. He was a cutie at 5'7" and 160 pounds. His hair was light brown and he kept it short. He cut quite a figure in his Speedo with his shapely legs and curvy bottom. He had yet to be fucked but he had sucked a few cocks.

William or Willy and Gerald or Gerry, were obviously gay and they were thrilled when they learned they would be roommates. They had both had their share of gay sex encounters and loved sucking and fucking. They could have passed for brothers as they looked and were built similar. They were 5'7" and about 150-160 pounds. They had brown hair, brown eyes and had that come and fuck me look on their faces. 

They checked in and were assigned their rooms Freddie and Robby would share a room, Gerry and Willy would also. Before orientation with the swim team began, the boys had to have a physical checkup. It was school policy. Doctor Stewart Granger was only too happy to conduct the physicals. He loved sticking his fingers in the boy's asses and jerking them off. At times he got lucky and got them to suck his cock or he would fuck them.

PHYSICAL CHECKUPS

Robby was somewhat shy and he was still naïve when it came to sex. He was still a virgin and his only experience with sex was masturbation. Robby liked his average size cock. He liked playing with it and jerking off but that was the extent of his sexual experience. Robby could cum in buckets. He often jerked off fantasizing about sex and he would shoot his cum into the air. Six or seven streams of cum would shoot out of his cock and land on his head, neck, chest, abs and pubes. He would then rub his cum into his body and let it dry on him. He could also cum four or five times a day as he had a seemingly endless supply of semen. The four freshmen were scheduled together for their physical exams. Robby was the first appointment.

The appointment was with a young doctor named Stewart Granger an internist and family physician. Stewart was a good-looking young man at 30 years of age. He stood at 6'2" and weighed 190 pounds. He was an avid tennis player and played three or four times a week. Stewart was in excellent shape and he took pride in his appearance. He considered himself bisexual as he enjoyed sex with both male and female partners.

"Hello, I'm Dr. Granger but please call me Stewart."

"I'm Robby."

"Well Robby it's nice to meet you. Let's go over some medical history and then we'll get started, okay."

"Okay."

Stewart Granger went over the medical history and then he had Robby provide a urine sample. Stewart then told Robby to take off his clothes and put on a gown. 

"You slip your arms through in the front and it ties behind you."

Stewart stepped out of the exam room and Robby changed into the gown. He felt strange being naked but he was actually a little turned on. Robby always got excited when he was naked and he always got an erection. Today was no exception as he felt his cock harden beneath the gown. Robby was embarrassed that his cock was still hard when the doctor returned. Stewart Granger spotted Robby's erection as it pushed out the gown and he smiled.

"A horny little fucker and with a cute cock to boot," Stewart thought to himself and decided to have some fun with the shy student.

Stewart checked all of Robby's vital signs, breathing and reflexes. He touched the teen lightly as he checked him out and Robby got incredibly turned on. Robby had never had anyone touch him so often and so tenderly before. Dr. Granger checked his mouth, ears, eyes, and throat.

"Everything is looking good Robby. Now I need to check you for a hernia and I need to check your testicles and prostate. Stand up please."

Robby stood up in front of the exam table and his erect cock pushed the gown straight out. He blushed and turned beet red at his predicament. The doctor acted as if it was perfectly normal for Robby to have an erection. When he touched the taut genitals, Robby thought that he would cum on the spot. Stewart felt the young man's testicles and took his time handling the ball sac. It tightened like a drum and he let out a soft moan.

"It's quite all right Robby. It is very natural for a young man to get frequent erections."

Robby had his eyes closed as Stewart handled him and he tried to think of other things in hopes that his erection would subside. Stewart, however intentionally kept the teen aroused. 

"Okay it's time to check your prostate."

He told him to turn and face the exam table. Robby did as he was told and then he watched as the doctor put on a rubber glove and squirted some lubricant on his finger. He then told Robby to lean forward over the table and to relax. Robby felt a slippery finger probe his anus and then enter his rectum. He gasped at the penetration. Stewart wormed his finger around in the sweet ass and Robby's cock became harder than ever. He eventually removed his finger but Robby still felt the sensation from the intrusion. Robby then almost fainted when the doctor took hold of his cock. Stewart slowly stroked the throbbing cock.

Stewart then untied the gown and let it fall to the floor. Robby was standing naked over the exam table as the doctor stroked the throbbing cock. Robby had never felt so excited in his life and he thought that at any minute he would shoot cum all over the exam room table. Stewart sensed that the student was close and he put his finger back in Robby's ass except this time he didn't bother with a glove. Robby flinched and then tensed as the finger explored his anus and rectum again.

"Oh, I'm going to cum!" 

Stewart watched as cum flew out and landed on the exam table. The first three spurts must have traveled three to four feet. The next two streams landed midway on the table and then two more gobs landed on the edge of the exam table. The doctor loved the feeling of cum traveling through the pulsating cock. Stewart looked at the exam table and the paper sheet covering it was drenched with semen. 

Robby stood there as the doctor still held on to the teen's cock. Robby remained hard and Stewart smiled as he thought about the recuperative powers of teenagers. Stewart decided that Robby had enough for one day. He knew from the tightness of the teen's rectum that Robby was a virgin. He didn't dare try to fuck him before the coach took the teen's cherry.

Robby used the bathroom to wipe off his cock and to wipe the lubricant off his ass. He still had the sensation of the anal penetration in his ass. He dressed and then left the exam room. Robby headed to the coach's office feeling very confused about the incident in the doctor's office. It was bizarre to let someone stroke his cock and finger his ass but he had to admit it was kind of exciting. Stewart called Roger.

"Roger, I examined Robby and as you suspected he is a virgin. I checked his prostate and he got hard and ejaculated. His ass is as tight as a drum."

"Thanks Stewart, he'll be here in a few minutes. Who is next?

"Freddie, then Gerry and Willy."

"Okay, don't fuck Freddie. I think that he is a virgin too."

"What about the others?"

"You can fuck Gerry and Willy. I have a feeling they have had plenty of sex."

"Got it, see you!"

MEETING THE COACH

Robby arrived at the coach's office and introduced himself again. The coach took Robby to the locker room and had him pick out a red Speedo swim suit that fit him snugly. Robby was a bit embarrassed as the coach watched him naked trying on the Speedos. Finally, Robby found one that fit him snugly and Roger loved the way it hugged his ass. The coach also changed into a Speedo and Robby could not help but look at the impressive cock.

"Let's go to the pool, I want to watch your technique in the butterfly. I think that is where I am going to use you."

Robby was an excellent swimmer and the butterfly was his best stroke followed by the breast stroke. He entered the pool and the coach walked along the edge as Robby swam from one end to the other. Roger loved the way the teen's body moved with the dolphin kick. His eyes were focused on the scrumptious ass. After about 15 minutes of the butterfly, Robby switched to the breast stroke and swam another 15 minutes.

"Okay Robby, that's enough for today. I just wanted to see your technique again."

Robby got out of the pool and dried off. He looked at his coach and saw that his package was huge. Roger obviously had a boner and the outline was very prominent in the snug Speedo. He followed the coach back to the office. Robby entered the office but neither one of them sat down. Robby kept looking at the coach's crotch.

"Robby, you keep checking out my package."

"Sorry, I didn't mean to stare."

"It's okay, I got hard from watching your hot ass while you swam."

Robby turned beet red and dipped his head. The coach continued his seductive talk.

"Come closer, would you like to see my cock?"

"I don't know. I guess so. Okay."

"Put your hand on it and rub it."

Robby reached for the impressive dick and felt it through the Speedo. It was the first time holding another man's cock and it was exciting. He couldn't stroke it through the swimsuit, so he squeezed and released it several times. His own cock got hard and the coach was pleased to see that. 

"Take it out Robby. Take it out so you can stroke it."

Robby fumbled with the coach's swimsuit but eventually managed to lower it freeing the nearly 8" pecker. The thick meat bobbed in front of Robby's face and he reached up and held it. He began to stroke it and then he added his second hand. He was jerking the cock with both hands and he loved the feel of it. 

"Take it in your mouth."

"It's big."

"Start with just the head."

Robby guided the soft spongy mushroom shaped head to his mouth and took it in. For the first time in his life he had a cock in his mouth. He liked the feel of the soft flesh even though he only had the head in his mouth. Roger fed him a little at a time but was careful not to gag the teen. Robby was getting into it and following the coach's directions as he sucked his first cock. Roger could have cum in the boy's mouth but he wanted Robby to feel the massive load in his ass. 

He lifted Robby to his feet and turned him to face the desk. Robby was trembling as the coach ran his hands over the smooth flawless skin. Roger then pulled the Speedo down to Robby's knees and kneaded the lovely buttocks. He knelt between the teen and placed light kisses on the shapely buns and tickled the boy's perineum. Robby had a rock-hard boner and he was shivering with delight.

Roger pushed the swim suit down to Robby's ankles and removed it. Completely naked now, Robby wondered what was going to happen next. He soon had his answer and the coach began to finger his anus. There was still some lube left in him but not nearly enough to grease the way for the coach's cock. Roger got some lube from his desk and applied it to the virgin ass. Once again, Robby liked having a finger in his ass but he flinched when a second was added. Soon both fingers moved easily in the well-lubed passage.

Roger stood up and had Robby lean over the desk placing his elbows on the top. He let his Speedo slip to the floor and then kicked it aside. Robby felt the thick meat brush against his buttocks and he knew he was going to be fucked. Roger pushed the head into the sweet ass and held still allowing the anus to spread. Robby felt stuffed to the gills and a slight discomfort but no severe pain. The coached inched forward and the cockhead cleared the Sphincter. Robby really felt the pressure and tensed up.

"Relax Robby, push as if you were pooping. It will make things easier."

Robby did and more cock entered his ass. Roger was patient and considerate. He never wanted to injure any student. With about 4" in the scrumptious ass, Roger began fucking the teen. By the end of the year, Robby would be able to take the entire cock in his ass, but for now, Roger was content fucking him with just half of his dick. He leaned over and hugged the slender smooth body as he fucked it slowly. Robby felt the coach's breath on his neck and he shivered with delight.

He was being fucked for the first time and he loved it. His own cock was throbbing and he began to stroke it. Roger was close to cumming and he stood up and held to the teen's hips. He loved looking at the curvy ass with his cock in it. He felt that familiar tingling and then unleashed a huge load into the virgin ass. Robby felt the surge and force of the ejaculation. He liked the feel of the warm syrupy liquid filling his rectum. Then he felt that familiar sensation right before he came and he shot his load onto the desk.

Roger wrapped his arms around the teen and they remained still for several moments. He left his cock soften into a semi-hard state and then he eased it out of the lovely ass. Semen oozed out and ran down over Robby's testicles and the inside of his legs. The coach grabbed towels for both of them and handed one to Robby. They both wiped the seed from their bodies and then put the Speedos back on. 

"Coach, I'm sorry. I ejaculated on you desk. I couldn't help it."

"Don't worry. It cleans up easily. You're not the first one to cum on my desk. Let's go back to the pool and cool down."

They were in the pool when Freddie arrived for his visit with the coach. Freddie had completed his physical with the same result as Robby. He shot his load on the exam table with the doctor's finger in his ass. The coach took both boys to the locker room where Robby got dressed and Freddie tried on Speedos. Roger admired Freddie's ass too. Robby's stuck out a but more but both were shapely and desirable. Robby left the locker room wondering if Freddie was in for the same experience. He would find out that night in their dorm room.

GERRY AND WILLY

So, while Robby and then Freddie were giving up their anal virginity to the coach, the doctor was having his fun. Gerry's ass was deliciously round and very fuckable. Stewart lubricated the sweet ass thoroughly in preparation for anal sex. Gerry loved the feeling of the fingers as the doctor worked them in and out of the receptive ass. The doctor knelt behind the teen and he began to caress the beautiful ass. Gerry's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. Stewart couldn't believe how much Gerry looked like a girl from behind with his shapely curvy ass in the air and then he remembered that Robby and Freddie looked the same way. As he sawed his fingers in and out of the dilated anus, he was getting turned on by the thought of burying his cock in the shapely bottom. He moved closer and lined up the head of his cock with the anal opening and began to ease it into to him. 

Stewart's cock head cleared the sphincter and it slid right in without resistance. It was clear that the teen was experienced with anal sex. The ass chute was warm and snug as the cock went deep into him. Stewart was all the way in the receptive ass and he started a slow fucking motion. He continued to pump Gerry's ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as he caressed the smooth round bottom. 

Gerry asked the doctor to fuck him harder and quicker. So, Stewart picked up the pace and he started pounding the scrumptious ass faster and faster. Gerry was moaning with each thrust of cock. Stewart could feel his release building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed into the sweet ass. He tried to make it last as long as possible.

He fired a barrage of cum into the rectum filling it to overflowing. As he continued to fuck Gerry, semen backed up in the rectum and began to ooze out flowing over their balls. Gerry used his experienced sphincter to milk the cock and drain it of all the doctor's seed. Stewart remained hard in the tight sheath. The doctor leaned over the well-fucked teen whose chest was pressed against the exam table. They didn't know that Willy had entered the exam room and had watched his roommate get fucked. 

"Hey my turn."

They both looked up and saw Willy naked stroking his cock. They moved away from the exam table and Gerry sat in a side chair. He stroked his cock as he prepared to watch his roomie with the doctor. Willy got on the exam table on his back. Stewart lubed the teen's ass and stroked his cock back to hardness. Willy was on his back and he spread his legs lifting his knees to his chest. His sweet ass was at the edge of the exam table.

"Fuck me good!"

Stewart moved between Willy's legs much like he would fuck a woman and lined up his erect cock with another hot ass. Willy was also as hard as a rock and his 5" slender cock pointed toward his head. Stewart pressed slightly forward and his cock moved easily into the receptive ass. It was clear that Willy too had his share of anal sex. Willy's sphincter actually gripped the shaft as the cock went all the way into the anxious ass. Willy gasped and called out as the cock filled his passage.
