 SCHOOL YEAR BEGINS

The freshman on the swim team soon learned that their days would be jam packed. They had class, homework, swim team training and sex to fit in their daily schedule. The classes were in the morning and then the training took place after lunch. They would build up their endurance by swimming for hours. Afterward they would relax in the Jacuzzi and training room with the other swimmers.

The coach had a rule that there was to be no sex in the jacuzzi or swimming pool. He didn't want them cumming in the water. Sex was confined to the shower room, training room and the coach's office. Of course, the roommates could have sex in their dorm room. The coach would have one of the freshmen come to his office each day. On Monday it was Robby, Gerry on Tuesday, Freddie on Wednesday and Willie on Thursday.

The coach liked fucking the boys standing up with them leaning over his desk. He first had them play with his cock while he was still wearing the red Speedo swimsuit. Next, they would drop to their knees and take the cock out through the leg opening and pull the Speedo to the side. They would suck on his cock until he was ready to fuck them. 

He had them face his desk and he pulled their Speedos down to just below their buttocks. The smaller cocks were still confined in the swimsuit. The coach lowered his to just above his knees. He lubed the lovely bottoms and his big dick before easing it into their asses. As many times as they had been fucked, it was a still a snug fit at first entry. The coach would fuck the pretty boys until he came in their ass.

When he was finished with them, he handed them a towel so they could catch the semen as it oozed out. They would clean themselves as much as possible and then head for the shower room. When they arrived at the shower room, others were usually having sex so they joined in as they would be horny from the sound fucking.

Most of the time the freshmen were the center of attention as they were the new meat on the team. They would take turns on different days of the week with the senior, juniors and sophomores. A freshman was usually involved in a threesome with a cock in his mouth and another in his ass. One time after training, the team just had an all-out orgy in the shower room. The freshmen liked that as they got to fuck other swim team members. 

The weekends were a little better as they didn't have class but they still trained on Saturday. They always had plenty of homework. Sunday was a day off and it was perfect for leisurely sex in the morning and study time in the afternoon. The roommates would take daily breaks from their studies for meals and occasionally more sex.

SUNDAY AT THE COACH'S HOME

Coach Harris decided to have a get together at his place and he invited Stewart to join him. Stewart didn't have any plans and he was kind of horny so he accepted. Roger invited the four freshman and reminded them to bring their Speedos. The boys were thrilled and accepted the invitation. The coach was generous with appetizers and drinks for the teens. The upper classmen did not feel slighted as they had all been there when they were freshmen. The coach told the boys to hang out by the pool but reminded them to keep their Speedos on even during sex. He turned to Stewart and told him the plan.

"Let them loosen up with each other. We'll fuck them later."

"Sounds like a plan."

The four students chatted for a while but they were all anxious for sex and they didn't waste any more time. Robby was told to lay on his back as Freddie slipped his well-oiled cock into Robby's ass. They both had their Speedos around their knees and they looked really hot. Gerry, with his Speedo pushed down, knelt alongside Robby's head and fed his cock to him. Robby turned his face toward his classmate and gobbled up the cock. Willie knelt down by the teen and took Robby's cock in his mouth. Robby sighed as his cock was sucked by Willie and he thought that it couldn't possibly get any better than this. A cock in his ass, a cock in his mouth and his cock in a mouth was heaven. Gerry played with the sensitive nipples as Robby sucked him. 

Willie kept sucking and Robby was close to cumming. He then felt Freddie's body stiffen just before he shot his load into the receptive ass. It was Freddie's first cum of the day and Robby could the feel the force of the massive ejaculation as streams of cum flooded his rectum. Robby tightened his sphincter around Freddie's cock in an effort to draw out every drop of man seed and he was rewarded for his efforts as the cock throbbed, pulsed and exploded inside the marvelous ass.

As Freddie slowly fucked Robby allowing his cock to remain in the teenager's ass, Gerry announced he was cumming. Robby kept the cock in his mouth as Gerry fired rope after rope of cum down his throat. That triggered Robby's orgasm and he blasted his load into Willie's mouth. Both Robby and Willie sucked on the cocks in their mouths draining them. 

Willie was the only one who hadn't cum yet and he switched positions with Robby. Robby moved between Willie's legs and slipped his cock into Willie's ass as Freddie offered Willie his cock to suck on. Gerry took Willie's cock in his mouth and the action was repeated. They looked incredibly sexy with their smooth slender bodies engaged in group sex. They all had the Speedos around their knees and the coach and doctor enjoyed the spectacle. 

This time Robby came in Willie's ass, Freddie came in Willie's mouth and Willie came in Gerry's mouth. Since Gerry and Willie had only cum once they moved to all fours and then Gerry fucked Robby as Willie fucked Gerry. Freddie sat and watched as the three of them fucked until Gerry and Willie shot their wads in the anal passages. 

With the coach's permission, they all took a dip in the pool and refreshed their drinks. They pulled their swimsuits back up but even then, their asses looked desirable. In the pool they played grab-ass with each other. They pulled their Speedos to the side freeing their cocks and played with each other. It didn't take long for the young cocks to spring back into action. 

Freddie suggested that they place the lounge cushions next to each other on the pool deck. It didn't take long for Robby to get on all fours, drop his swimsuit to his knees and turn his beautiful shapely ass up in the air in anticipation of getting fucked. Freddie did not disappoint him and he was soon pounding Robby's magnificent ass. Willie on the other cushion followed Robby's lead and offered his ass to Gerry. Gerry plunged his cock into Willie's ass and proceeded to fuck the daylights out of him.

Robby and Willie got their asses royally fucked by Freddie and Gerry. Robby and Willie then got into a 69 position on their sides and Gerry and Freddie slid their cocks back into their bottoms. The four of them writhed and humped until they all exploded in orgasms. Robby and Willie filled each other's mouth with the familiar taste of cum just as Gerry shot his wad into Willie's ass and Freddie blasted his load into Robby's ass.

The four of them stayed in the same position as their cocks eventually softened and slipped from the orifices. Cum oozed from Robby's and Willie's anus and dripped down the side of their mouths as the foursome recovered. The four of them collapsed as this time they were drained. Then they heard the coach's voice.

"Hey everyone, get in the jacuzzi and douche your bottoms."

Gerry and Willie had done that before and they instructed Robby and Freddie on how to locate the jets. The four of them had a sensuous time douching their asses and it turned them on again. Later when they got out of the jacuzzi they entered the house to be with Stewart and Roger. The coach instructed Freddie, Gerry and Willie to go downstairs to the game room. He kept Robby with him and Stewart. Shortly after the others left the room, Robby found himself in Roger's bedroom along with Stewart. 

"Robby, are you ready to be fucked again?"

"Yes, I'd like that.".

"Good because I'm going to fuck your ass next while you give Stewart a blow job." 

Roger cupped Robby's buttocks, "Nice ass, really nice ass."

Robby got down on all fours on the floor and Roger began lubricating his anus. He applied an ample amount of lube to his cock too. Satisfied that Robby was well greased, he eased it into the shapely ass. 

"Stewart, get in front of him and let him suck your cock. Let him get you ready for his ass."

Robby took the hard cock in his mouth. In less than a minute Stewart was fully erect and he was enjoying the blow job even though he was anxious to fuck the pretty teen. Stewart's cock was beautiful and Robby loved sucking it. Stewart continued to watch Roger fuck Robby as his cock was sucked by the pretty blonde. Stewart's release snuck up on him but Robby kept the cock in his mouth as Stewart ejaculated. 

Robby drank down every drop of the sweet load and he kept Stewart hard in the process. He was nibbling on the mushroom head but the sensation became too intense for Stewart so he stepped back but he continued to watch Roger fuck the blonde. Roger announced his ejaculation as he thrust his cock in all the way. It was the first time that Robby had taken all eight inches. Roger stayed pressed against the curvy buttocks and it was obvious to Stewart that the teen was using his sphincter to drain the spurting cock. Roger eased his cock out of the sweet ass and let it rest between the buttocks. Stewart was now anxious to fuck the pretty teen with the scrumptious ass.

"Get on the bed this time."

Robby's 5+" erect dick wavered in front of him as he knelt on the bed and raised his ass in the air. Stewart looked at him in this position and admired the smooth hairless body and great looking bubble butt. Stewart took the lube and applied a generous amount to his own cock. He knelt behind Robby and stared at the incredible ass that he was about to fuck. The anus was dilated and he had been well stretched by Roger. Stewart coated his dick making very slippery and then he eased into the teen's sexy bottom. 

Stewart was gentle with him but soon he was buried to the hilt in the receptive ass and he fucked the young man with passion. Stewart held on to the pretty twin cheeks as he fucked him thoroughly. Robby couldn't believe how full he felt with the dick in his ass along with Roger's cum. Stewart continued to fuck the gripping ass as Roger's seed backed out and ran down over their balls. Stewart then tensed and fired a substantial load into the sweet bottom. He held still for a few moments before he eased his cock out of the lovely ass and the two of them then flopped down on the bed and sighed. 

Roger had watched the sex act and he was hard again. Robby spotted the coach, he rolled over and got on all fours with his curvy bottom stuck up in the air. Roger felt his cock twinge as he looked at the incredibly hot ass. The cock hardened as he approached the bed. He knelt behind Robby and began to caress the beautiful ass. He put more lube in his hands and rubbed it all around the dilated anus. He inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing the irresistible ass for another butt fuck. Roger was turned on by the thought of burying his entire cock in Robby's shapely ass one more time. He moved closer to the teen and lined up the head of his cock with the anal opening. Roger eased his big dick into the incredible ass.

The cock head easily cleared the sphincter this time. Robby's ass chute was warm and tight as Roger went deeper and deeper into him. Soon he was all the way in the sweet ass and he started a slow fucking motion. The coach continued to pump the curvy ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts. He caressed the smooth round cheeks as he fucked the sexy teen. 

The coach picked up the pace and he pounded Robby's ass faster and faster. Roger's balls started bouncing off of the teen's perineum and Robby moaned with each thrust of the cock. Roger could feel his second release building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed into receptive ass. Roger fired a barrage of cum, filling it to overflowing. As he continued to fuck, his seed backed up in Robby's rectum and oozed out trickling down over the perineum. He eventually pulled out of Robby and collapsed on the bed next to him.

Stewart wasted no time and re-entered the pretty teen's ass, catching Robby by surprise. It took the doctor much longer to cum again but he loved the entire time that he was buried in the scrumptious ass. He eventually came again after what seemed like hours. This time they were done with Robby, who fell face forward on the bed, his quads were burning from being in the same position for so long. Roger told Robby to get cleaned up.

Robby showered and douched his ass free of all the semen. He dressed and found the others seated in the living room. Stewart would drive them back to their dorm. It had been quite a Sunday especially for Robby. He had been fucked by everyone there and the five cocks had deposited at least nine loads in his ass. Apparently, the other freshman had more sex in the game room. Everyone was exhausted. Robby thought that just ten days ago he had sucked his first cock and was fucked for the first time. Now he was an experienced lover whose ass was everyone's delight.

TENDER LOVING CARE

The swim team had a practice meet with two other colleges on Thursday. The coach instructed the team to lay off the sex until after the meet. Actually, on Monday everyone was relieved that they took a break as the training day was intense. It was also a full day Tuesday and then Wednesday was a light workout before the meet on Thursday. 

As it turned out they easily won most of the events with Robby showing great form and promise in the butterfly. Steve won the butterfly events with Robby finishing a close second to the senior. The team had Friday off and after class some of them headed for the training room and jacuzzi. Freddie was tired and opted to rest in the dorm room but Robby opted to relax in the jacuzzi. There were three others in the jacuzzi when Robby arrived. Steve, Tyler and Marty were all naked in the hot tub. Robby was surprised but he removed his swimsuit and got in naked with the others when directed to by Steve.

"I thought the coach didn't want us naked in the jacuzzi."

"He's okay with us being naked. He doesn't want us having sex and cumming in it."

Robby relaxed by a jet and relaxed in the hot bubble water. It felt wonderful to have his body caressed by the jacuzzi jets. Marty and Tyler got out and left Robby with Steve. After about 20 minutes, Steve stood up to get out and Robby saw that he was sporting a boner. Steve had a nice dick that was just over six inches. Robby felt his loins tingle when he looked at the handsome senior and the stiff dick.

"Robby, come on to the training room. I'll give you a massage."

"Wow, that sounds great."

They both walked naked into the training room and Steve told Robby to hop up on the table face down. Robby did as he was told and he soon felt warm oil dripping on his body. Steve worked the shoulder and back for several minutes. He saved Robby's buttocks for last and he worked the freshmen's calves and thighs. Finally, he tackled the object of his desire, Robby's marvelous ass. ''

Robby felt more oil dribble on his shapely buns. Steve then began the sensuous massage. He rubbed the oil into each buttock and spent several minutes massaging each one. More oil was added and the he let his hand slide between the twin cheeks. He pried the buttocks apart to expose the cute aperture but he didn't probe it. Only the side of his hand glanced over the twitching anus.

Steve placed a hand on each buttock, pulled them apart and let his fingers dance over the puckered opening. His fingers and his thumbs grazed over the anal entrance and then he probed it with just the tip of his finger. Robby cooed at the initial penetration but he wanted more in his ass. Steve continued with the foreplay and he had Robby climbing the walls. He put one finger in the freshman's ass and slowly finger fucked him.

Robby began pushing his ass up to meet the penetrating finger. Then it was a thumb in his sweet bottom and then two fingers. Robby was going wild and he had to have Steve's cock in him. Steve enjoyed the foreplay and prolonging the anal fucking but even he could not hold out forever. He moved onto the massage table and eased his stiff dick into the very ready ass. Robby cried out with joy as the dick settled into his ass. 

"Is this what you wanted Robby?"

"Oh yes, oh, oh, fuck me, give it to me." 

Give it to him was just what Steve did as he was as turned on as Robby. He would drill down on the shapely scrumptious ass and Robby would push up to meet the embedded cock. They established a wonderful rhythm and they were beautiful to watch even thought there were no voyeurs. Robby decided he liked Steve's cock in him more than any other. He would always have to endure the coach's huge cock but Steve felt the best. 

"I'm going to cum Robby."

"Oh good, cum in my ass."

Steve did just that and unleashed a huge load into Robby's gripping, clenching rectum. As his balls were drained, Steve had all he could do to keep his weight off of the teen. With his elbows on either side of Robby, he let his weight sink down so that his pubes were pressed against the sweet ass. A few minutes passed and Steve resumed fucking the lovely bottom. Robby wanted to turn over so that his cock was not pressed into the massage table.

"Steve, let me turn over."

Steve pulled out and his cock was still rock hard. He knew he could easily fuck Robby again. Robby rolled to his back and raised his legs accommodating the senior. Steve pushed his cock back in and resumed fucking the pretty gay freshman. Robby was in a frenzy and he was stroking his cock in a rapid fashion. He desperately needed to cum. Steve sensed it too.

"Are you going to cum for me? Yeah, let me see you cum."

Robby continued with the frantic pace. He loved having Steve's dick in him as he jerked off. His eyes closed as he got close and then it let loose. Seven forceful streams shot out and the first two shot past his head. Then the next couple landed on his chest and then his abs and finally his cock oozed cum around his pubes.

"Oh yeah, cum for me. Let me see it. Oh yeah, shit, look at it all."

As Robby was ejaculating, his sphincter was clenching and releasing Steve's cock. That accelerated Steve's second orgasm and this time he pulled out and aimed his load at Robby's body. More semen landed on the teen's chest, abs and pubes. Robby was cum-drenched and he looked beautiful with a glowing expression. Robby wasn't concerned that he only came once because he knew that he and Freddie would be getting it on later. 

"Let's get cleaned up," Steve whispered.

The two of them hit the showers, washed their bodies free of semen and oil. They got dressed and went to their separate dorms. Robby was anxious to tell Freddie about the encounter with Steve. He knew that would excite Freddie and he was still in the mood for more sex. 

IN THE DORM ROOM

Robby returned to his dorm and found his roomie Freddie reading in bed. He was wearing knit sleep shorts that were very snug and very hot. Robby went over and sat on the side of Freddie's bed.

"You were gone for a while."

"I hooked up with Steve. He is really a good lover. The things he did with my ass today drove me wild."

"I'm not surprised. Everyone loves your ass. Get your clothes off and tell me about Steve."

Robby stood up and removed his clothes, placing them on his bed. Freddie slipped off his sleep shorts and they both got boners quickly. Robby got in bed with Freddie and they reached for each other's cock. They stroked each other as Robby replayed the encounter with Steve.
