 SUCCESSFUL SEASON

The swim team was having and excellent season and that wouldn't change too soon as they had a meet with the conference last place team. It was homecoming in two weeks and among other activities there would be a swim meet against their weakest opposition. Many alumni would be in town for all the home coming festivities and athletic events. There would be parties galore. 

Things were still fairly normal if you could call the swim team's sexual activities normal. They had classes in the morning, training in the afternoon, sex and studies in the evening. The athletic dorm made it very easy for the swim team members to visit each other when they were in the mood to fuck someone other than their roommate.

Coach Harris still had his routine of having the freshman come to his office before they trained. It was still Robby on Monday, Gerry on Tuesday, Freddie on Wednesday and Willie on Friday. They always wore their red Speedos and coach always greeted them wearing his. He had them play with his cock and fondle it through the Speedo at first. Then they had to mouth it through the Speedo before lowering the coach's swim suit and handling the big dick.

Coach had them suck his cock until he was ready to take a sweet ass. The boys would stand up and place their hands on the coach's desk, lean over and arch their back. Roger loved the shape of their asses in that position. He would fondle their bottoms through the Speedos and then lower the swim suit to just below their buttocks. The red Speedo still concealed the boy's erections and testicles. The coach caressed and played with the lovely bottoms until he couldn't wait any longer.

He would lube their asses and his cock thoroughly before penetrating them. He liked to put the cockhead in first and stay still for a few minutes before feeding them more cock. He was always gentle and in due time each of them would open up for the massive dick. Gerry was always the loosest, followed by Willie, then Freddie and finally Robby. The coach would fuck them slowly savoring every moment in the sweet asses. 

When the sessions first started, Roger would pull out and ejaculate of the boy's buttocks. Recently he decided to cum in their asses. He liked the feel of their sphincters gripping his dick in reaction to the big loads flooding their rectums. He kept a towel handy and when he pulled out, he placed the towel over the dilated anus to prevent the seed from oozing out. 

The boys then made a beeline for the locker room holding the towel in place. They were quite a sight with the Speedo below their buttocks as they left the coaches office. Each time the boys would sit on the john and let the semen seep out. They would also act like they were pooping to force the syrupy deposit out. Then they would take a quick rinse off, douche their bottom and join their teammates for training. 

If the training session was long, they did not have sex in the shower room or training room afterward. The roommates may or may not have sex later in their rooms. If training was a light session, then the group sex happened in the showers and training room.

ANOTHER FIRST

After a Tuesday training session, Robby and Freddie were in the training room with the seniors. Rick and Steve were massaging Freddie and Barry and Andy were doing Robby. It was more like foreplay for the two freshmen who had boners the entire time. Their bodies were covered with oil and their asses were massaged by two sets of hands. Fingers also moved in and out of their rectums. Both boys could feel their prostates being rubbed by the probing fingers.

While the massages were being administered. Guy and Blake brought Gerry in the training room and they were followed by Tyler and Marty who brought Willie with them. Guy and Blake worked over Gerry's ass thoroughly and had it dripping with massage oil. Then to everyone's surprise they got on the massage table with their legs in a scissor posture. Their slender dicks were hard and oiled.

Blake called out, "Hey guys, watch this."

Everyone watched as Gerry straddled the two cocks and lowered his ass onto them. It was mind boggling to Robby and Freddie that their classmate could take two cocks in his ass. Slowly and steadily Gerry lowered himself onto the two cocks and then began to move up and down. The others thought it was bizarre but also pretty hot to watch too. Gerry called out to his roommate.

"Willie, this is so fucking hot. You should try it."

"No way," Willie retorted.

"They are not that much thicker together then the coach's cock."

Willie was not convinced but he was told to mount Marty who was lying on the massage table stroking his cock. He too was slender like the Blake and Guy. Willie eased his ass onto the slim dick which slide in like a hot knife through butter. Willie's erection flopped around as he rode the sophomore's cock. Robby, Freddie and the seniors were still gawking at the scene of Gerry riding two dicks when they saw Tyler ger up on the massage table and quickly slide his cock into Willie's ass.

Willie cried out in protest, "No, I don't want to do this. Take it out. Stop, please."

Tyler had no intention of stopping and he liked the feel of his roommate's cock in the same ass. Ironically Willie soon loosened up and stopped protesting. In fact, he got hard again as the two dicks fucked his hot ass. Gerry was still bouncing up and down and he was stroking his cock. Blake and Guy announced that they were cumming and they blasted their loads into Gerry's very receptive ass. Gerry then ejaculated and shot a huge load onto the floor. 

On the other table, Tyler came first and then removed his cock from Willie's ass. Marty continued to thrust up in the hot bottom and then Tyler moved around and took Willie's cock in his mouth. That did it for Willie and he fired a barrage into Tyler's waiting mouth. Marty then ejaculated into the freshman's ass adding to the seed left there by Tyler. 

The six of them then got off the massage tables and headed for the showers and then jacuzzi. The seniors resumed their session with Robby and Freddie. Andy fucked Robby's ass while Robby sucked Barry's cock. It was a similar scene with Freddie sucking Rick's cock and getting fucked by Steve. After Andy and Steve came in the freshmen asses, they were replaced by Barry and Rick who left after they had cum in the sweet asses.

Robby and Freddie opted to wait until they got back to their dorm room to fuck each other. Instead of more sex, they showered, dressed and left the locker room. They would have dinner, do their homework and then have sex before lights out. They were still amazed at Gerry and Willie taking two cocks in their asses at the same time. They both agreed that they had no interest in trying it. The coach's cock was about all they could handle.

HOMECOMING AND HOME CUMMING

Homecoming week had arrived and after practice the coach explained that a number of former swim team alumni were in town. They had booked the top floor of the hotel and there would be a big party there following the swim meet. The upper classmen had been to alumni parties in the past and had had sex with a number of alumni. The freshmen had no idea what went on but they were sure that all the alumni were gay if they had been on prior teams. It was the way the coach recruited.

The swim meet was a walk in the park as expected and the team took first and second in every event. After the meet they returned to their dorm rooms and got ready to party that Saturday night. A bus met the students outside the dorm and shuttled them to the hotel. They took the elevator to the top floor which required a special key. Only those in the hotel with a key could get to the club level floor.

They got off the elevator and were greeted by 20 alumni. Robby was glad to see that everyone seemed to be in good shape. The ages ranged from 25 to 33 and there were no fatties. He was surprised to see one woman with a handsome guy. She was very pretty and Robby assumed they were married. There was plenty of food and drink to be had so people started helping themselves. Small groups gathered to converse and get caught up on things. 

Soon it seemed that small groups of alumni and students had formed and Robby noticed that the coach and doctor were talking to two very cute guys with shapely asses. He assumed that the four of them were going to hook up later. He guessed that the coach and doctor probably had them when they were students. His thoughts were interrupted by a soft voice.

"Robby, I am Francine and this is my husband Carl. We heard so much about you from Coach Harris."

"You swam very well today, Robby," Carl added.

"Thank you!"

"The butterfly is my favorite stroke to watch. Particularly when a swimmer has a killer ass like yours." 

Robby didn't know what to say to Carl's comment but he did blush. He had his answer now as he knew there would be sex with the students and alumni that night. 

"I'm going to refresh my drink. Can I get you something Robby?"

"Another beer would be great, thank you Francine."

"Oh, please call me Franny."

"Okay."

Robby watched the beauty walk toward the bar and he checked out her superb ass in the tight mini-skirt. Seconds later she returned with the drinks. They chatted some more and then Franny suggested going to their room where they could sit down. Robby followed her with Carl right behind. They entered the room and closed the door.

"There, it's not so noisy now, Please, have a seat on the sofa Robby."

Robby sat on the sofa and Carl sat in a side chair. He got nervous when Franny sat on the sofa next to him. Her skirt rode up displaying the elastic tops of her hose. Robby could not help stare at her exposed shapely legs. He was unnerved sitting next to the beautiful woman. Franny turned his face toward hers and kissed him.

Robby didn't know what to do as she held him so tight. When they broke the kiss, he pleaded.

"I haven't ever been with a woman. Please, I think I should leave."

"Nonsense and besides I am not just any woman."

Franny kissed him again and held his head tightly to hers. Robby then felt hands on his pants and he knew they belonged to Carl. He thought, maybe Franny would try to get guys hot for Carl. Robby felt his pants and underwear pulled down to his knees. Next, he felt Carl's mouth take his cock which hardened quickly in the oral cavity. Franny continued to kiss him as her husband sucked his cock. 

Robby felt his shoes and socks come off. His pants and underwear were next and then Carl resumed sucking his cock. Franny broke the kiss and then knelt on the sofa. She lifted her mini-skirt up and Robby closed his eyes somewhat afraid to look at her pussy. 

"Open your eyes Robby, look at me."

He reluctantly opened his eyes but first looked down at Carl who was still sucking his cock. Robby looked toward Franny and watched as she pulled her panties to one side and freed her massive cock. He was in shock as he stared at this beautiful woman with a dick as big as the coach, even bigger.

"You have a cock!"

"Yes, I have a cock. I told you that I am not just any woman. Now I want your sweet mouth on my dick."

Robby did as she instructed as he knew he was not going anywhere soon. He sucked her cock much like he did with the coach. Carl was still sucking him and then suddenly Robby ejaculated in the succulent mouth. Carl swallowed the youthful massive load and then he stood up and removed his clothes. He was in very good shape and had an average 6" cock.

"Okay Robby, kneel down on the floor facing Franny. It's time to fuck that sweet ass I've heard so much about."

Robby scooted off the sofa and he removed his shirt, his last article of clothing. He turned toward the sofa and saw then Franny had sat back down. She had removed her panties and her impressive cock stood straight up. Robby leaned in and took the cock back in his mouth. As he sucked the pretty Franny, he felt Carl lubricating his anus. Next, a finger entered his ass, then a thumb and then two fingers. Satisfied that Robby was ready, Carl eased his cock into the pretty gay freshman. 

Carl caressed the sweet cheeks as he fucked the scrumptious ass. Robby was into it now, a cock in his ass and a big one in his mouth. As Robby, sucked her cock, Franny roved her blouse and bra. She had cute tits that had looked bigger with the padded bra. Carl was enamored with Robby's ass and he was very close to cumming. He called out to his wife.

"Franny dear, just wait until you fuck this beauty. It is everything Roger said about it."

"Cum in him Carl, get him nice and juicy for me."

Carl shot a massive load into the teen's receptive ass. Robby felt the surge and he gripped the spurting rod with his talented sphincter. Carl kept his cock in the lovely ass and let it be milked dry. He then eased out and rocked back on his heels. Franny lifted the boy's head off of her cock and quickly exchanged places with her husband. Carl offered his cock to Robby's mouth and the teen did not hesitate taking it. Robby always kept his ass squeaky clean so he was never repulsed by sucking a cock that had just been in his ass. 

He began to kiss and suck on the alum's dick causing it to grow to a full erect state. He took as much of the cock in his mouth as he could without gagging. He held the cock with one hand and fondled the balls with his other hand as he bobbed up and down on the manageable cock.

Franny started caressing Robby's butt cheeks and then tickled his hole. Robby shivered with desire as he felt her finger graze his anus. Franny took some more lube and worked it into the crack of his ass and then she started to finger fuck him. She slowly worked a finger in and out of the teenager's rectum. Then added a second finger and Robby cooed on the cock in his mouth as he felt the intrusion in his ass. She knew that Robby enjoyed the anal penetration as her husband had readied him for her cock.

She knelt behind Robby and eased her massive cock into the boy's ass. She loved watching the aperture open up to accommodate her oversized dick. Robby sighed as the cock went all the way into his ass and he felt her skin against his ass cheeks. She was bigger than the coach but he managed to take her. Robby enthusiastically sucked Carl's cock as his ass with filled with the other one and he felt he was in heaven with the couple. He felt Carl's balls tighten and he knew that it wouldn't be long before he was rewarded with a jolt of cream in his mouth.

Robby had learned to be a very good cock sucker and Carl had no trouble cumming in his mouth. Robby swallowed as quickly as he could as cum shot into his mouth bouncing off the back of his throat and filling his mouth rapidly. Carl finally stopped cumming and he relaxed as Robby continued to nurse the cock draining it. He stroked the boy's head in a gesture that signaled he was pleased with the student's performance.

Franny had been slowly fucking Robby as she was in love with the boy's ass. She tried to prolong her ejaculation as she wanted to fuck him all night. Her emotions drove Franny to her brink and she came in the boy's ass. Robby felt the warm sperm enter his ass and coat his rectal passage. He loved it when she came in his ass and he wiggled his bottom in response to Franny's fucking. He squeezed his cheeks together and used his sphincter to milk the cock dry. Franny kept her cock in the teenager's ass until it softened slightly and slipped out with an audible pop. Robby reached for his throbbing hard cock. Franny leaned over and took his hand off his cock and covered it with her mouth. He was thrilled to have her blow him. Robby felt his load building in his balls.

"I'm going to cum."

She just kept on sucking the boy's cock and when she grasped the testicles that sent him over the edge. His body went rigid as he blasted an enormous load of teenage cum into her mouth. Robby was thrilled when Franny swallowed every drop of his seed. She sucked him until he was dry and went soft in her mouth.

"That was incredible!"

"Well good, I'm glad you enjoyed it. Rest up and then after Carl and I fuck you again. I will let you fuck me. You would like that wouldn't you?" 

"Oh yes, oh my God yes."

The three of them rested and had another drink and Robby. Asked, "What time do I have to leave."

"Everyone is staying overnight. The bus will pick up the team tomorrow afternoon."

"Oh my God!"

First Carl and then Franny fucked Robby again. Then true to her word, Franny let Robby fuck her. She told Robby to lube up her ass while she sucked her husband's cock. Franny took up the same position that Robby had earlier and started sucking Carl's cock. Robby took the lube and massaged it into Franny's ass and finger fucked her. Robby got hard immediately as he fingered the lovely ass. He quickly replaced his fingers with his cock and it slid into her with ease.

Robby came before Carl did in the excitement of the moment. He fired a huge load of cum into Franny's hot ass and she used her sphincter muscle on him just he had on her. Robby held on to the shapely cheeks as he watched the gorgeous ass work on his cock and then he massaged the round globes as he emptied his balls into the gripping rectum. Carl then fired his load into Franny's mouth and as usual she sucked him dry. 

Robby was to spend the night in their room but when the couple dozed off, he eased out of bed. He was curious about what was going on with the others at that party. He quietly left the bedroom and positioned the lock so that the door did not close. He was just in his underwear as he walked along the hallway. Most of the room doors were closed and he could hear the sounds of sex behind some of them. 

When he reached the club room, he was stunned by what he saw. The room had at least 20 naked bodies in it and there was every imaginable sex position in progress. He spotted Freddie, Gerry and Willie is a daisy chain like position sucking each other's cock. Behind them were alumni fucking the freshmen asses. The coach and doctor were fucking two cute alumni. There was one group that Robby did not recognize and it seemed that six guys were fucking each other. Only the first guy on his side didn't have his cock in someone's ass. The guy fucking him did give him a reach around. Robby had seen enough and headed back to the room. However, he never made it there at least not for another hour. A good-looking blonde guy grabbed him.

"Hey where have you been? I had my eyes on you earlier. Hey, Jack look who I found."

Another handsome guy stepped out of the room and smiled. "Good catch Don, bring him in here."

Robby was brought into the room as he had no choice. Both alums were good looking with impressive cocks. Robby guessed them to be close to seven inches. He was stripped of his underwear and placed in their bed. First Don and then Jack fucked Robby. Don even sucked Robby's cock while Jack fucked him. When they were finished, Robby finally made his way back to the room. Carl and Franny were sound asleep. Robby eased his body into the bed and eventually fell asleep too.

HOME CUMMING MORNING

The three of them woke up slowly and Robby reached for Franny's big cock to stroke it. Carl looked on at his wife and the freshman engaged in foreplay. Robby had to know more about Franny so he asked her.

"What are you called?"

"There are many names for people like me; trannies, t-girls, transsexuals, lady boys, fem guys. I like lady boy but what does it matter."

"When did you decided to become one?"

"After college, Carl and wanted to be together and I decided that I wanted to look like a woman. I had many feminine characteristics already. I used to be Frank, when I swam for the team."

Just then there was a knock on the door and Carl answered it. Freddie had come looking for Robby. He entered the room and saw his roommate with the ladyboy beauty. His eyes went right to the cock that Robbie was holding. Franny greeted him.
