 CONFERENCE MEET

The team had been on their best behavior for three days prior to the Conference Swim Meet. The heats would take place on Friday and the finals on Saturday. There would be plenty of time for sex on Sunday. Monmouth was the most formidable competition and had finished a close second last year. Greg Johnson was Monmouth's star swimmer.

After the heats were held on Friday the team had two swimmers in each final on Saturday, as did Monmouth. In the 100-meter Butterfly, Rick and Robby had made the finals. In the 200-meter Butterfly, Roby and Steve made the finals. In both events they would be swimming against Greg the favorite to win both events.

That Saturday, Robby shocked everyone when he swam his personal best and won the 100-meter Butterfly, touching the wall just ahead of Greg. It was so close it looked like a tie but Robby had touched first. Rick finished third. Coach Harris was ecstatic as were the rest of the team. Coach pulled Robby aside and spoke to him.

"Johnson is pissed that you beat him. He will be going all out in the 200. He may try to intimidate you. Just swim the way you are capable and ignore him."

After the other 100-meter events concluded, the 200-meter ones began. When the Butterfly event took place, Robby again came through and won his second conference event. Greg was second and Steve finished third for the team. As the other events continued, Robby went to the locker room to rinse off and put on his sweats. He was in the shower when he turned and saw Greg Johnson standing there. 

"Hey kid, you swam really well. I never expected that."

"Thank you, you did too."

"Yeah but not good enough. Hey come with me into your training room, I want to show you something."

A nervous Robby wrapped a towel around his waist and followed the handsome senior into the training room. Greg closed the door. He turned and faced Robby and then pulled his light blue Speedo down freeing his impressive cock. Robby stared at the hunk with a really good-looking cock.

"I know that most of you guys are gay. I've been watching your ass for the last two days in that snug speedo."

"Are you gay too?"

"No, like your coach, I like fucking pretty gays like you in the ass. Now come over here and get my cock hard and wet for your ass."

Robby knew he was trapped but he was also flattered that the handsome hunk was interested in him. He moved toward the senior student and dropped to his knees, releasing the towel. Taking the impressive cock in his hand he studied it briefly and whispered. 

"You really have a nice cock."

"I've been told that. Now take it in your mouth and get me hard."

Robbie did just that. He took the spongy mushroom head in and swirled his tongue all around it. As the cock got hard, he took more into his mouth but not too much to keep from gagging. Robbie had five of the estimated seven inches in his mouth and was doing a marvelous job sucking it. Greg did not want to cum in the teen's mouth as he was anxious to fuck the lovely ass.

"Okay kid, I'm ready to fuck your ass. Get on all fours."

Greg turned him around to face away from him. Greg then reached under the freshman and cupped his balls and stroked his cock. Robby groaned as his scrotum was fondled. Robby felt Greg's tongue slide over his perineum and up between his ass cheeks. Robby flipped out when the senior licked his ass and rimmed his anus. The feeling was sensational. 

Greg worked his tongue back and forth over the testicles to the scrumptious ass. Robby thought that he would cum at any second if the tongue didn't stop probing his anus. Greg located some sport cream and used that to lube his dick and grease Robby's ass. Greg lined his cock up with the cute aperture. When Robby felt the cock at the entrance to his ass, he gushed with anticipation.

Greg pushed his cock into the shapely ass and Robby groaned with delight. He worked his cock into the sweet ass and he caressed the curvy buns. Robby felt very full, a sensation he cherished. Greg began to saw his cock in and out of the receptive ass. Robby's ass was extremely hot and Greg did not last long. Robby felt the senior stiffen and hold onto his hips. Greg plunged his cock all the way into the sweet ass and then he unleashed a torrent of cum into the gripping, clenching rectum. Robby felt the seed flood his ass and he instinctively used his sphincter to milk the spurting cock dry. Robby loved the feeling of cum filling his ass.

Other swimmers were passing by the training room and entering the locker room. As much as Greg wanted to fuck Robby a second time, he did not want to be discovered. He stood up and pulled up his Speedo. Robby used the towel to wipe the semen from his ass. 

"Robby, you are really a good fuck. I'd like to see you again sometime. Would you like to hook up on a weekend?"

"I guess."

"Good, I'll be in touch. Stay here for a couple of minutes after I leave."

Greg left the training room and minutes later Robby left and went back to the shower room. He had the towel wrapped around him but he had a woody and it was pushing the towel out. He was horny from the fuck session and would have jerked off if he was alone. Turning on the shower he purposely let cold water hit his body to cool off and get rid of his boner. Then he showered, dried off and put on his sweats. He ran into Tyler as he left the locker room.

"Robby, I saw you with Greg Johnson. Did he fuck you?"

"Yes, how did you know?"

"He fucked me last year. Did he mention getting together on the weekend?"

"Yes, he did."

"Don't do it. I did last year and he brought me to a house that he shared with other students. We went to his room and he fucked me twice and I liked it but then other guys came into the room. They were all naked and they were all over me. I was ganged fucked for hours."

"Oh my God!"

"It was brutal. I had a cock in my mouth and ass constantly. I swear nine guys came in my mouth and ass. I was a cum dump for their pleasure. Greg dropped me off at school and that was the last I heard from him."

"That is horrible thanks for telling me."

"No problem, I didn't want you to fall into the same trap."

"Thanks!"

"Hey after the ceremony and dinner, want to come to my room?"

"Yeah, I'd like that."

ROBBY WITH TYLER AND MARTY

After dinner that Saturday evening, Robby went to Tyler's room. Freddie decided to hook up with Gerry and Willie. Once Robby was with Tyler and Marty, they wasted no time as they were all ready for sex after five days off it. They removed their clothes and stared at each other's body and chuckled as they all had boners. Robby watched as Tyler put a generous amount of oil on his cock and stroked it until it was covered. Robby knew that Tyler would be the first to fuck him. 

He was told to lay on his back as Tyler slipped his well-oiled cock into the sweet ass. Marty knelt alongside Robby's head and fed his cock to him. Robby turned his face toward Marty and gobbled up the stiff cock. Marty leaned over and took Robby's cock in his mouth. Robby sighed as his cock was sucked and he once again he thought that it didn't get any better. A cock in his ass, a cock in his mouth and his cock in a mouth; he was charged. 

Marty did a great job sucking cock and Robby knew he was close to cumming. He felt Tyler's body stiffen with a final thrust just before he shot his load into the receptive ass. It was Tyler's first ejaculation of the day and Robby could the feel the force of it as streams of cum flooded his rectum. Robby tightened his sphincter around the pulsating cock in an effort to draw out every dollop. Tyler's cock throbbed, pulsed and exploded in the marvelous ass.

As Tyler slowly fucked Robby allowing his cock to soften in his teammate's ass, Marty's groan muffled on Robby's cock that he was cumming. Robby kept the cock in his mouth as Marty fired rope after rope of cum down the succulent throat. That triggered Robby's release and he blasted his load into the receptive mouth. Both Robby and Marty sucked on each other's cocks in their mouths until they both deflated and slipped from the oral cavities. For the boys it was the first time they had ejaculated in five days and their loads were enormous.

They were still horny and ready for more action. Robby moved between Marty's legs and slipped his cock into his teammate's ass as Tyler offered Robby his cock to suck on. This time Robby came in Marty's ass, and Tyler came in Robby's mouth. Robby moved to all fours and then Marty fucked Robby as Tyler fucked Marty. It seemed as if they would never stop sucking, fucking and cumming. Marty and Tyler shot their wads in the anal passages and then they rested. 

It was a brief rest before the young cocks were ready for more action. Robby got in Tyler's bed and turn his beautiful ass up in the air in anticipation of Tyler fucking him. Tyler did not disappoint and he was soon pounding Robby's magnificent ass. He got his ass totally reamed by Tyler. Robby and Marty then got into a 69 position on their sides. The three of them writhed and humped until they all exploded in orgasms. Robby and Marty filled each other's mouth with the familiar taste of cum just as Tyler blasted another load into Robby's ass.

The three of them were done and between the swim meet and sex, they were exhausted. Robby made his way back to his own dorm room leaving Tyler and Marty in theirs. Freddie was not back yet and Robby flopped down in his bed and crashed. Within minutes he was in a deep sleep.

SUNDAY IN THE DORM

Sunday morning, Freddie and Robby woke up late. They were still tired and feeling a bit constipated which was understandable from all the anal sex the evening before. First Robby and then Freddie went down the hall to the bathroom to take their morning piss. In their dorm room they were both wearing boxer underwear. 

Robby was facing his bed straightening the covers when he felt Freddie behind him. He felt his boxers pulled down to his feet and he stepped out of them. Next, he felt Freddie close the distance between them and their smooth bodies came together. Robby felt the stiff cock press between his buttocks and then his cock got hard as well. Freddie wrapped his arms around his roommate and then the hands slid lower to grasp Robby's erection. 

Turning his head and reaching back with his right arm, Robby pulled Freddie in for a kiss. They kissed as Freddie stroked the rigid cock and moved his cock up and down between the sweet cheeks. They separated briefly as Freddie retrieved the lubricant. He greased his dick and fingered Robby's anus in preparation for the morning fuck. Robby leaned forward placing both hands on his bed and felt the stiff dick enter him.

Freddie's cock went in easy with no resistance and for good reason. Both boys had been stretched out by cocks they had the day before. Freddie held to Robby's hips as he drilled the blonde's lovely bottom. Within minutes he was shooting his first load of the day into a warm rectum. Robby felt the surge of the syrupy liquid fill his chamber, a feeling he savored. Freddie remained pressed against his lover as the sphincter squeezed and released the shaft multiple times. 

With his balls empty for the moment, Freddie backed out and Robby immediately turned toward him. He put his hands on Freddie's shoulders and pushed him to his knees. Knowing what was expected of him, he took Robby's cock into his mouth. The slender pecker was so much easier to manage than the bigger dicks he had sucked on Saturday. It was easy for Freddie to play with the stiff meat and he loved swirling his tongue around the shaft. 

Robby had been turned on from being fucked so it didn't take long before he was ready to shoot. He let Freddie know that he was close. Freddie kept right on sucking as he was anxious to receive his morning treat. Robby held his roommate's head in a light grip as he ejaculated into the succulent mouth. It was a glorious feeling to shoot a big load first thing in the morning and to have his lover drain the stiff shaft. Freddie backed off, looked up at the pretty blonde and smiled.

"Feel better?"

"Oh my God, that was wonderful."

"Let's shower and get dressed. At least we can make it to brunch today."

They showered, dressed and headed for the dining room. When they got there, they spotted Marty and Tyler sitting together. They made their food selections and joined the sophomores at their table. The four them chatted and replayed the swim meet which they had won. 

"What are you guys up to today?" Tyler asked.

Freddie replied, "Just R&R and sex."

Everyone laughed and Tyler offered to have them hang out together. Freddie and Robby agreed and the four of them went to the dorm room after brunch.

Once they were back in Tyler's and Marty's dorm room the four of them stripped naked without any hesitation. Tyler was placed on all fours and the other three marveled at his incredible ass. They took their time caressing it and fondling the sweet cheeks. Marty broke out his special lube and fingered the taut anus. Tyler moaned and cooed with all the attention to his irresistible bottom. 

He couldn't take much more foreplay and he asked Robby to fuck him. Tyler wanted to start with the smallest cock and then it would be Freddie and then Marty. Robby eased his stiff pecker into the sweet derriere and caressed the cheeks as he fucked him slowly. Freddie played with Tyler's stiff prick. Freddie and Marty told him not to cum in Tyler's ass and he understood why. When it was time, Robby pulled out and shot an enormous load all over the back and buttocks.

Freddie was quick to move into place and slipped his stiff dick into Tyler. Robby took over playing with Tyler's dick and soon had him shooting his first load. Freddie felt the sphincter tighten around his shaft as Tyler ejaculated. He ran his hands through the silky hair as he fucked his teammate. Unable to hold on any longer, Freddie pulled out and fired a barrage of semen onto the back and buttocks of the shapely student. 

Freddie wiped his dick on the curvy bottom and then moved away making room for Marty. Marty was larger than the other two but by then, Tyler was able to handle him easily. He cooed aloud when the larger cock entered his ass. Robby and Freddie loved the expression on Tyler's face when he was getting fucked. The dark eyes matched his silky dark brown hair. 

Freddie played with the rigid dick jerking Tyler off as his ass was penetrated for a third time. Marty held to the slim hips and fondled the curvy cheeks as he fucked the lovely gay roommate. Tyler didn't want to cum at the hands of Freddie as he hoped he would get to fuck the pretty Robby. His thoughts were interrupted when Marty came and shot another load but without pulling out.

Tyler had so much semen in him it was a sperm enema. He had the sensation that he had to poop but he knew it was because his rectum was full. He was glad that he had not cum and he was ready to fuck Robby. Marty eased out of the well-fucked ass and more semen oozed out and ran down over Tyler's testicles.

"Robby, can I fuck you?"

"Of course, Tyler."

Robby moved onto his back in his bed and lubed his anus. He held his arms open welcoming the new lover into his body. Tyler pushed his stiff dick into the lovely ass and moved slowly. He wrapped his arms around the pretty student and stared into the dark eyes. He pulled Tyler toward him wrapping his legs around the slender smooth skinned body. They made eye contact and then they kissed. They both had soft lips and loved kissing each other.

Freddie and Marty had moved to Marty's bed and got into the spoon position. Marty fucked his classmate as the two of them watched the action in Tyler's bed. They liked the motion of Tyler's ass as he fucked Robby. Freddie knew that he would fuck those beautiful asses again that day. In fact, they all would. 

Tyler broke the kiss and announced that he was cumming. Robby held him tighter and felt the spurts of cum shoot into his rectum. Tyler had buried his face in Robby's shoulder and groaned in passion. It was a wonderful feeling to be cumming in a lovely ass. As he slowly recovered from the intensity of his ejaculation, Robby kissed him again. The two of them remained in the missionary position kissing for several minutes. 

Tyler's cock softened and easily slipped out and Robby felt a trail of wetness on his buttocks. Robby was hard again and he pushed Tyler's head down toward his stiff dick. He smiled and took the cock in his mouth and made love to it. He was able to deep throat the pecker and swirl his tongue around the shaft. Robby loved the way he did that as he caressed the silky head of hair. 

Seeing Tyler on his knees sucking cock with his gorgeous ass pointed up, stirred Marty and Freddie. Marty was close to cumming so he told Freddie to fuck Tyler first as he did not want to cum to soon. Freddie lubed his erect cock and moved in behind Tyler. He entered the sweet ass for a second time and fucked him slowly savoring the experience. He loved looking at and caressing the shapely buns as his cock slid in and out. It was a glorious sight. 

Tyler continued to suck Robby's cock and he played with it in his mouth. Freddie's release happened sooner than he wanted but it was still a gratifying orgasm. This time, he shot his load into the scrumptious ass. He felt the sphincter milk his cock and as it softened, he eased it out. Tyler's ass was not vacant long as Marty quickly moved into place and re-entered the snug bottom.

Robby was next to cum with his seed rapidly filled Tyler's mouth. Tyler was surprised by the size of the load since Robby had already cum earlier. He did his best to swallow it all and keep from gagging. As his mouth was busy on Robby's cock, he felt Marty shoot in his ass. Just as he had with Freddie, he clenched his sphincter around the thick shaft and created a milking action. The four boys were done for a while and they decided they needed a shower again that day.

TWO WEEKS BEFORE THE NCAA

Coach Harris let the team ease back into their routine following the Conference meet. They would train hard toward the end of the week and then lighter the second week leading up to the NCAA Championship. Coach Harris also resumed his pattern of having a freshman swimmer visit him in his office. On Monday it was Robby of course.

With the coach it was always the same routine but it was always exciting. The coach and the freshmen would always be wearing the Red Speedos. The swimmers would play with the coach's cock through the swim suit causing an erection. The outline of impressive stiff dick would be prominently displayed in the Speedo. The freshmen would then drop to their knees and slowly pull the Speedo down the coach's legs allowing the big dick to spring out.

The teens would fondle and play with the thick cock for several minutes before taking it in their mouths. None of them could take more than five inches in their mouth and the coach never caused them to gag while sucking his cock. When the coach was ready, he had the freshmen stand up and face his desk. He pulled their Speedos down to just below their buttocks keeping their cocks and balls contained in the swim suit.

They would lean forward and arch their backs to accentuate the shape of their curvy bottoms. The coach would fondle their buttocks for s few minutes before lubricating the anus and probing them with his fingers. Finally, when he could not take any more foreplay, he eased his big dick into their scrumptious bottoms. He always fucked them slowly savoring every second he was in the lovely asses. When he came, he flooded their rectums with a huge load. 

He would leave his cock in them until it softened and slipped out. Then he would use a towel to cover their bottoms so the seed did not leak out. The freshmen would hurry to the locker room holding the towel in place. There they would shower and douche their bottoms before putting the Speedos on and returning to practice. There wasn't any group sex until the weekend.
