 SUMMER'S OVER

Three months earlier the four Seniors graduated from college. They had one final party with the Freshman before graduation. With their parents in attendance for graduation day, they had the party two days earlier. Rick and Steve had Robby and Freddie while Barry and Andy were serviced by Gerry and Willie. It was all about the seniors and they fucked the freshmen for hours. The freshmen were allowed to pleasure each other while the seniors rested for the next go-round.

After graduation, Freddie left school as he was transferring to another college. Robby would miss him as they had become close and he was a good lover. Marty the sophomore had let his grades slip and he dropped out of school. Robby and Tyler wasted no time in agreeing to be roommates for the following year.

Summer seemed to pass slowly for most of the swim team as they had not really come out in their home towns. They were all anxious to get back to school and resume their chosen life style. Before they upper classmen returned to the campus, the new freshmen arrived days earlier for orientation. Chris and Colin were a bit nervous but not near as nervous as Danny and Spence, who still were anal virgins.

Dr. Grainger would conduct the physicals again as he did every year. Once again, he received instructions from Coach Harris not to fuck the virgins. Stewart loved the asses on Danny and Spence and he was amused at their apprehension. He first examined Danny who had an absolute marvelous ass. Just as he always did, he tested the teen's prostate with his finger. He spent more time in the boy's ass than Danny thought was necessary.

As a result of the finger wiggling in the snug bottom and probing the prostate, Danny got a boner. Stewart stroked the freshman cock until Danny exploded and fired a barrage of cum onto the exam room floor. Danny then realized that the doctor still had his finger the Danny's ass as he jerked him off. The teen had to admit it was a turn-on but he was still leery of taking a cock in his bottom. Danny was glad when Stewart didn't try to fuck him. Of course, would have that opportunity after the coach broke in the freshman.

Next up was Spence. He was such a cutie that Stewart wanted to hug and caress that effeminate young man. It was deja vous with the doctor fingering the tight ass, probing the prostate and masturbating the teen. As it was with Danny, Spence exploded and doused the floor with a huge load. Strangely, Spence wanted the finger to stay in his ass although he never said so. He even wondered what a cock would feel like in him. He would know soon enough as the coach was looking forward to fucking the pretty freshman.

Stewart was ready to bust a nut so when he examined Chris, the experience gay freshman, he wasted no time in fucking the new student. Chris was thrilled as he liked the doctor and he liked getting fucked. Stewart came quickly and flooded the teen's rectum. It was a massive ejaculation that had built up during the examinations. The doctor did not have to stroke Chris's cock as the teen masturbated himself. 

Colin was the last one to be examined and that was on purpose, Stewart was looking forward to fucking the sweet teen with the slender body. He liked Spence's ass and wanted to spend the most time in it. Given that he had cum once, Stewart was able to fuck Colin for nearly an hour. He loved fucking the receptive ass and caressing the hairless smooth skin. 

He jerked on Colin's dick causing the lad to cum early. He continued stroking the cock as he fucked the sweet bottom. Colin came a second time and he liked having a cock in his ass when he ejaculated. Stewart eventually came and filled Colin's rectum with warm semen. Colin had only been fucked twice by Chris and Stewart, now he looked forward to more off it. The two of them cleaned up and redressed.

Stewart smiled at the huge puddle of semen on the exam room floor. He wiped it up with a towel and put the towel in the laundry. The cleaning service would be by that evening to mop the floor. Stewart was pleased with the four new freshman and he was looking forward to fucking Danny and Spence.

VIRGINS NO LONGER

Coach Harris had received the report from the doctor. According to Stewart, Spence seemed to enjoy the prolonged fingering of his prostate. Given that report, the coach decided to break in Spence first. The ritual never changed. The coach was in a red speedo and he had Spence pick one out that fit him snugly. After a few mock tests in the pool, Spence was summoned to the coach's office. Spence knew that the coach was hung from when he fucked Chris months ago and had Spence suck it. Still he could not help but look at the outline of the coach's package in the Speedo. 

"Come over closer to me Spence. I want you to rub my cock."

Sheepishly Spence approached the coach and rubbed the big dick through the Speedo. Spence got a boner too.

"Okay, now take it out and play with it."

Spence pulled the Speedo down freeing the thick meat and stared at it in awe. He took it in his hand and stroked it slowly. His own dick was straining in the confines of his Speedo. Coach saw the teen's stiff dock and smiled.

"Go ahead and take it in your mouth, just you like did the last time."

Spence dropped to his knees and took the head of the cock in his mouth. He gradually took more and more in his mouth being careful not to gag himself. He was prepared for the barrage of cum to fill his mouth but that never happened. The coach then lifted him to his feet and spoke softly.

"You are competing with the others for a scholarship. It will be awarded by what you do in and out of the pool."

The coach turned Spence toward the desk and told the teen to lean over. He pulled the speedo down to the boy's knees allowing the slender cock to pop out. Coach caressed the lovely smooth flawless ass flesh and tickled the taut aperture. Spence realized that the coach was going to fuck him and he was apprehensive. He realized that he would probably have to allow it to happen if he was to have a chance at the scholarship.

Roger began to dribble oil in the crack of the twin cheeks. He caught it with his finger and gently probed and lubed Spence's anus. The coach began with his index finger, then his middle finger and lastly his thumb. Spence felt the gradual stretching and the thumb was the largest thing ever to enter his ass. Suddenly the thumb was gone and he felt the soft spongy mushroom head at his entrance. Using plenty of oil, coach pressed the cockhead into the boy's passage causing him to flinch and grunt. 

"Relax Spence, we are going to take this nice and easy. I'm going to feed it to you a little at a time."

There wasn't much pain but tremendous pressure as the cock ever so slowly entered the virgin ass. The coach was so excited that he thought he may cum prematurely. Little by little, a quarter of an inch at a time, the cock spread that sphincter muscled and filled the rectum. Spence was impaled on the huge cock and unable to move. He was really surprised that his own cock was rigid and throbbing.

Finally, the coach was able to move and began to saw his cock in and out of the fantastic ass. Spence grunted with each thrust and his channel continued to expand. Not in his wildest dreams did he ever think he would take a cock that size in his ass when giving up his virginity. He knew one day that he would have anal sex but he never envisioned this. 

Suddenly the coach pressed forward and stopped moving. The rectum was stuffed and then Spence felt the warm liquid shoot into him. He never felt anything like it and he loved it. As long as the coach stayed in him the semen was blocked in the rectum. Spence's cock was oozing pre-cum and he jerked off with the coach's cock still in him. He ejaculated and fired a massive load onto the desk. His sphincter contracted around the big dick each time he fired a stream onto the desk.

Coach leaned over the teen and hugged him. He wrapped his strong arms around the boy and caressed the smooth skinned body. They didn't move for several minutes and then the coach moved back. His cock slipped from the sweet ass and he watched as his seed flowed out and down between Spence's legs. Much of the semen gathered in the Speedo. Coach retrieved a towel, wiped his cock and them wiped Spence's ass. He placed the towel on the floor and told Spence to drop his Speedo. 

The teen pushed the swimsuit down his legs and stepped out of it. The coach picked up the towel with the Speedo in it and put it aside. It would go in the laundry later. He looked at the lovely ass that he had just fucked and he could not resist caressing it. 

"So how was it for you Spence?"

"Fabulous, absolutely fabulous. I was really nervous but you were so considerate and gentle. When you came in my ass it was nothing like I had ever felt and I loved it."

"I'm glad. You did very well."

"Can you fuck me again?"

"Certainly, do you mean right now?"

"Yes, I would love to have you fuck me right now."

"Okay!"

The coach got another towel and placed it on his desk. He had Spence lay on his back on the towel. Roger then lubed the ass and his cock again being sure that his slippery dick would slide in easily. He stepped up between the teen's legs and positioned his cock at the now receptive ass. He pressed forward gradually and he dick slid inside causing Spence to moan. Coach had originally planned to fuck Danny later that day but this had worked out even better. He would take Danny's virginity tomorrow.

Roger fucked the pretty teen and stroked his slender cock. Spence came before the coach and then a third time after Roger came in the sweet ass a second time. They were both drained and sexually sated. Once they separated, they walked to the locker room with just towels wrapped around them. They showered, dressed and returned to their destinations. Spence was feeling very good about himself. He had enjoyed the anal sex and was sure it would help his scholarship chances.

SUPER SHY DANNY

Spence returned to his dorm room where his roommate Danny was relaxing with a book. Danny looked at Spence who seemed to have a glow about him. 

"How did it go with the coach?"

"Great, I'm going to like it here."

"Did he try to fuck you?"

"More than tried, he fucked me twice. I came three times."

"Oh my God, you were able to take that big cock. Didn't it hurt?"

"Not really. The pressure was intense but once I loosened up it was great. I never would have expected feeling someone cum in my ass would be so fantastic."

"I hope that he doesn't try to fuck me tomorrow. I could never take his cock."

"You would be surprised. Besides, remember you are competing for a scholarship."

"Shit that's right. I know that he had already fucked Chris and will again. I guess Colin will too since he has had the doctor and now you."

"Yep, you are the only one who is still a virgin. I'm tired, I'm going to catch some early z's."

Danny remained awake thinking about what he could do. He was sure that trying to take the coach's cock would be a traumatic experience. He had never had a cock in his ass but then he remembered the doctor's finger. That was a bit of a turn-on for him. He got some lotion and began fingering his ass. He thought maybe he could loosen up enough and be ready for the coach. Afterall there was a scholarship to earn.

The next morning Danny was awake and looked over at Spence. Then he had an idea. Spence had a slender cock and maybe he could take that in his ass and it would help prepare him. He moved over to his roommate's bed and stroked his legs. Spence rolled over and Danny reached for the slender dick. He stroked it a few times and got it hard.

"What's going on Danny?"

"I was thinking that if you fucked me. It might help loosen me up. Would you do that?"

"Sure, I'd like to fuck you."

Danny was still apprehensive and nervous about what may happen next. He went back to his bed and lay face down. Spence massaged his ass and played with the taut anus. It felt very erotic and Danny got another boner. He felt the tip of Spence's finger penetrate him. He felt the finger run up and down along his perineum and dip into his anus. His body responded and he rotated his lovely bum. He was incredibly turned on but he still didn't know what he wanted next. His cock was still hard and he was ready to grab it but just then he felt another sensation. A cool substance was being applied to his anus and he shivered when he heard Spence speak.

"Relax Danny, I need to get your ass ready to be fucked. You do want to be fucked, don't you? You didn't change your mind."

Danny didn't reply but he knew it was inevitable. He liked the attention to his anus but wasn't sure about getting fucked. The finger in his ass felt good but then it was just a finger. A second finger was added and he felt the increased pressure. More lube and constant penetration opened his ass for his first butt fuck. When Spence eased a cock into his ass, Danny was grateful that it didn't feel any different than the fingers and there was only a slight discomfort, no pain. Danny felt the slender dick slide in and out. Spence was right there wasn't any pain just a feeling of fullness in his rectum. He felt hands on his buttocks caressing them and then Spence said in a soft voice.

"You have a beautiful ass. I could fuck this ass all day and night."

Suddenly he felt a void in his ass and the next thing he felt was Spence's seed landing on his back and buttocks. After ejaculating on his roommate, Spence put his cock back in the sweet ass and let the sphincter milk it free of the remaining seed.

"I knew it would be a big load which is why I came on you."

"I want to know what it feels like to have you cum in my ass. Fuck me again"

"With pleasure!"

Spence remained hard and fucked Danny a second time. Danny's ass was so scrumptious and so tight that it did not take Spence long to cum a second time. This time he ejaculated into the snug gripping rectum. Danny called out.

"Oh, I feel it. You were right Spence it feels fantastic."

Spence emptied his balls into the sweet ass and left his cock in as the sphincter squeezed it. As the cock softened, Spence eased out and several drops of semen dribbled on the shapely bottom. Danny was thrilled that he took a cock in his ass even though he knew the coach would be challenge. Spence was ecstatic as he fucked his first ass and what a lovely one it was. 

"Hey let's take a shower and be sure to douche your ass. The coach will want you clean."

They showered, dressed and then went to the cafeteria for a light snack. Danny then headed for the natatorium and Spence went back the dorm room. Danny was understandably nervous when he reached the building. The coach was already in his snug Red Speedo and Danny saw the outline of the huge cock. He almost chickened out right then and there in spite of any scholarship. The coach had Danny put on a red Speedo and it really emphasized the shape of his marvelous ass. Coach could not make up his mind as to who had the nicer ass Robby or Danny. He had Danny swim some laps and then they went to the coach's office.

The coach went through the same routine as he did with all freshmen. They were both sporting boners with their Speedos around their knees. Colin was now ready to fuck Danny and he told him to get on the floor. He greased up the taut anus and he marveled at the shapely ass on the small frame. Danny had flawless smooth skin and his body was hairless. Roger also noticed that Danny's cock was only about five inches in length. The cute teen looked good on all fours as he waited for the big cock to penetrate his ass. He took his time lubricating the scrumptious ass and he liked the submissive posture that the student presented. Danny had his head down on his hands which were folded on a towel. His ass was elevated and his back was arched emphasizing the curvy shape of his ass. Danny looked perfect and he presented an irresistible image.

Roger moved close and slowly eased his cock into a very snug ass. Danny groaned slightly with the penetration and his sphincter stretched to accept the big cock. He could not tell that Danny was no longer a virgin. It was that tight. Once past the sphincter the coach fed him slowly until the ass opened up and was able to take the big thick cock. Roger then picked up the pace and soon his cock was sliding in and out of the lovely bottom. Danny's cute ass would jiggle each time the coach thrust into it and Roger loved the effect. He felt his orgasm building and he knew that he would dump a good-sized load in teen's ass. Danny felt the coach's body stiffen and make one final thrust as he finally buried his cock all the way in receptive ass. Danny felt cum surge into him and he felt the cock throb with each release. 

Danny's sphincter involuntarily clenched and unclenched as it massaged the thick cock and drew every drop of cum from the shaft. Coach kept pressed against the student and let his cock be milked dry. Danny collapsed forward onto the floor. He followed the teen down and lay on top with his cock still buried in sweet ass. He felt the smooth hairless skin against his own. Coach then rolled to the side and his softening cock slipped out.

Danny remained on his stomach face down on the floor as he recovered from being thoroughly fucked. Coach looked over at Danny and he wondered if the teen had cum. He started caressing Danny's curvy smooth ass and then he played with his anus. He pushed his finger into the cum filled hole. Danny wiggled his ass in response as the coach played with him.

Danny then pushed himself up on all fours giving better access as he liked having his ass played with. It was then that the coach noticed that Danny had cum on the towel. He could see the wet spots and he knew it was from the student's cum shots. Coach felt his cock getting hard again so he moved back behind Danny. He eased his cock back into the marvelous ass for a second time and he knew he would last longer this time since he had already cum. Coach fucked Danny for what seemed like an hour until he finally came again. Once again Danny collapsed on the floor in the pool of his own cum from his second ejaculation.

"Oh coach, I never thought I would be fucked like that. I loved it."

"I'm glad you liked it because I loved fucking your ass. We will have many more encounters together this year. Stewart will enjoy fucking you too as will the upper classmen."

Danny closed his eyes trying to imagine all the cocks he would experience that year. They went back to the locker room, showered and got dressed. It had been a successful two days. Tomorrow the rest of the students would be arriving and the following day there would be a team meeting.

THE TEAM ARRIVES

Later that day the upper classmen would be arriving at the college and checking into their dorm rooms. Danny woke up feeling a bit constipated which was understandable after being fucked by the coach. He looked over at Spence still sleeping and he decided to join him in bed. Danny got in bed with his roommate and cuddled up to him. They were both wearing sleep shorts but Spence could feel the small erection pressing into his butt.

"How did it go with the coach yesterday?"

"Oh my God, he fucked me twice. It didn't hurt but I felt so stuffed. I still feel like there is something in my ass."

"That will pass the more you get fucked."

"I'm glad that you fucked me before the coach did, that helped. You know, I still haven't fucked anyone yet."

"Want to fuck me?"

"I would love to."

Spence slipped off his sleep shorts and rolled to his belly. "Use the lube to get me ready."

Danny took the lube that Spence handed him and for the first time in his life he prepared an ass to be fucked. He applied the lube to his five-inch slender cock and then straddled his roommate. He eased his cock into the curvy bottom and let out a sigh of joy. Danny's cock went in easy and Spence liked the smaller slender dick. It didn't take Danny long to cum as he was so excited to be fucking his first ass. He filled the rectum and they both called out to each other.
