 Mick Delbasco was shy. So shy in fact that he nearly backed out of coming to school.

Mick was a freshman at ECU, and was planning on majoring in psychology. His roommate, Paul had arrived a few days earlier. Paul was a first-time-away-from-home-wanting-to-play-around-with-life boy. He had his own mini-fridge plugged into his side of the room, and brew skis were abundant.

“So, Mick, what are your plans for this wonderful alma mater?”

“I’m going to study Psychology.”

“Ah, zo, deahr docktor, vat zeems to be zee prohblem, ah yes?” Paul lifted his beer can as a tribute to his new roommate. “Sorry bud, I didn’t mean to make fun of you, but I myself, really never had the need for good old Freud?

“Oh. What are you planning to study?”

“Don’t really know, yet, just figured that I’d hang out a little bit. We’ve got plenty of time for that anyway, don’t you think, I mean it is four years after all.”

“True.”

“Do you want to listen to something good?”

“Sure, what do you have in mind?”

Paul sidled over to his leather bound CD case. It was quite extensive as it could hold something like 400. 

Suddenly, the tunes of the Eurhythmics came pulsating through the sound system. Mick had to admit that he liked the music and that Paul seemed like a good enough fellow. The two boys talked for a little while longer, listening to the music, and gently sipping on their beers. “Do you mind if I light up?” Paul asked.

Mick paled, “Sure I guess so, but I have asthma.”

Paul grinned deeply, “So do I.” He went over to the window and hefted it open, here, I’ll blow the smoke out doors, so that it won’t bother either one of us, what do you say to that?” 

Mick smiled. “That sounds all right to me, I don’t see why that wouldn’t work. Go for it.”

“Thanks bud.” Paul pointed the pack over at Mick, “You sure that you don’t want one?”

“Nope, I told you, I can’t.”

“C’mon they’re even better than sex.” 

“I wouldn’t know, I’ve never had it.”

“Never had it?” Paul looked shocked. “Come on, you’re joshing me, a strapping boy like you. What do you take me for, do you think that I fell off the turnip truck last night?”

Mick blushed. “Nope, I’m serious I’ve never even had a masturbation session.”

All the color drained out of Paul’s face. “You have got to be kidding me. It’s so great…”

Mick smiled. “I swear I’m telling you the truth.”

“Not even a blow job?”

“Not even a blow job…”

Paul crushed out his cigarette in the cheesy ashtray that he’d brought along with him from home. It had a little fish, or mermaid thing at the bottom, with the ducts for the cigarette. “Well, this is something that we have to change right here and now.”


“Whatever do you mean?”

“It’s quite simple, you, my dear boy are going to strip.”

Mick’s eyes bugged out of his head, and he was positive that he hadn’t heard what he’d heard. “What?”

“Strip.”

When Mick made no move to do it, Paul walked over and stood right in front of him. His hands worked deftly and quickly, unbuckling the leather belt that his roommate wore. He quickly slid this from the loops and placed it on the floor in a pile.

Paul’s fingers gently slid down Mick’s zipper.

Mick, for his part looked a toss up between frightened out of his gourd and curious beyond all content.

As soon as the zipper was undone, Mick’s pants slid down to his knees and then fell to his ankles. Paul gently looked up at his friend. “Are you sure about this?”

Mick said not a word, but his head nodded a “yes.” 

That was all that Paul needed, and he took his roommates cock in his hand and gently began to stroke him off, ever so gently.

Mick had been flaccid at the beginning, but as soon as he felt the hand upon his cock, it was all that was needed. Blood soon engorged the sensitive tissues inside of the young mans cock, and Mick could feel as he started to get hard. “Oh my god, th-that feels so good!”

Paul looked up and smiled. “I’m glad that you like it. Are you ok, do you want me to stop?”

“N-No, please no!”

“All right.” Paul continued to stroke him and could feel as Mick’s cock started to grow in size. His balls started to shrink in towards him. “How are you doing there buddy boy?’

“F-Fine, but… but I’m gonna, I’m gonna….”

“Shh.” Paul whispered into his ear, gently licking the lobe.

“Oh God…” Mick’s hands reflexively opened and closed. He wasn’t quite sure what to do with them. All that he knew was that the hand that was now encircling his cock felt so much better than his own. “Paul, I’m warning you now… I’m going to cum.”

“Shh. It’s ok, here, I got something for you to come into.” Paul’s hand left Mick’s cock and for a moment, mike could feel as the blood started to surge back to where it came from. Every now and then Paul reached over and stroked him, just to keep him hard. 

“This feels so good.” Mike could feel as his testes started to automatically to contract. “Paul…Paul… h-hurry it up, I’m not going to be able to control it for very much longer!”

“Shh. Its ok.” Paul reassured his friend. “Do you trust me?”

Mick looked at him like he’d lost his mind, what kind of a question was that to ask, and NOW of all times. “Yes! Yes, for Gods sake I trust you!” (Although Mick would have said that he worshiped the devil nightly, just to get the release that he was so eagerly searching for).

“Good…” Paul gently helped his friend get situated on the floor.

Mick was scared to death. “Shit, shit, shit. Damn it Paul, I’m going to blow my load at any time here, now is not the time to re-arrange me.”

“I’ve got the perfect thing for you to come into. Here, let me get it for you.”

Mick had no qualms about that, he was breaking into a sweat as he was just about to come, and it didn’t seem as though Paul was going to be of any help. In fact it looked as though Paul had disappeared. “Damn it, Paul where are you, this is serious!”

“Shh. I’m right here.” Paul smiled to reassure his friend, and appeared right above Mick’s waistline. “And as for something for you to come into, here you go…”

Before Mick could ask any questions, Paul opened up his mouth and placed Mick’s cock inside. He then took a deep breath, and sealed his lips around Mick’s cock.

“Shit man this isn’t funny…”

In response to that, Paul took Mick’s cock in his hand and started to jack him off. 

“Oh man, oh man, oh man…” Despite himself, Mick could feel his buttocks contracting and his balls start to surge up spunk. It felt so good, but at the same time it felt so nasty to him that he wasn’t sure that he would be able to live with himself afterwards. “Paul, Paul, Paul. I’m going to... I’m going to…” He wasn’t able to finish the sentence as he felt the first spurt of cum shoot out from the tip of his penis.

Of course Paul’s tongue was right there to capture every drop, and Mick felt as Paul sucked gently, but firmly, his tongue darting around Mick’s sensitive tip. 

Mick surged again, this time weaker and filled his roommates mouth with even more cum, which the older boy promptly swallowed.

Moments passed as Mick felt his mind melt away, and the orgasm claimed him completely. He shut his eyes and fell asleep.

Minutes, or hours passed, and he couldn’t be sure which, for when he opened his eyes once again, it was dark.

Paul was seated at his desk, carefully rearranging some of the books that he’d brought with him from home. When he heard that Mick was awake, he smiled shyly. “Hey there, how’s it going?”

“Fine how’s it going with you?”

“Good. Are you OK?”

“”Yes, though I have to admit that my cock is a little sore.”

“That’s OK, I should have taken it easy with you, it being your first time and all.”

“It’s all right, I got to tell you, that I’ve never felt anything like that, even when I had the five finger discount”

“I know, I remember when my first lover gave me head, it felt absolutely wonderful…”

Mick’s eyes shot up, “First lover?”

Paul laughed. “You didn’t think that you were my first did you?”

Mick blushed…

“Oh, that’s ok. It all happens to us once…” He walked to his bed, the clock above read 11:00, and classes were due to start promptly at 8:00 the next morning. “Lets get some sleep, huh, I’ll talk to you in the morning…”

Mick wanted to say something, anything, but as the lights were shut off, fatigue claimed him once again… leaving him with the haunting fact that the best sex he’d ever received had been given to him by his roommate.