 The following story is about my previous story "COMING TO TERMS", but told from Noah's point of view. I've had quite a few personal messages asking me to do this, so I thought I'd give it a shot. I really hope you enjoy the added details to the, in my opinions, already great story. Feel free to leave any questions, comments, or concerns you may have, as they are always greatly appreciated. 




Noah woke up early, as he always did, and looked over to see he had 20 or so minutes until his alarm went off, signalling his need to start getting ready for work. He sat up, using pillows from the cold, empty right side of his mattress to prop himself up against the headrest. He pulled out the latest book he was reading, a psychology health book a friend of his had written, and skimmed a couple chapters.

Noah had to stop a couple minutes later, when all of the words turned into Oliver Oliver Oliver..., and put the book away. He had tried so hard to put things behind him, but Noah still had Oliver on his mind. He sighed, then silently cursed as he turned off the alarm and started getting ready for his day.

After a nice shower, Noah put on his normal work attire, a nice shirt and a sport coat, along with a pair of khakis. Noah went into the kitchen and poured himself a nice mug of hot coffee, along with his favorite breakfast, Blueberry Pop-Tarts, and rolled out onto the back deck of his new house.

Noah liked his new neighborhood, it was a fairly quiet, upscale community that wasn't too far from his office. He had gotten a steal on the 5-bedroom house, otherwise, he probably would've gotten something a little cozier, like a small house in the country. Still, he managed to use the space of the house well, converting two of the bedrooms into a home office and a gym.

Noah silently ate his breakfast while going over a few notes from work, when his neighbor called out for his attention. Mrs. Amy Brighton, a 60 something year old woman with gray hair and glasses the size of plates, waved for him. She was a nice lady, her and her husband Jack were always inviting Noah over for dinner Sunday nights, telling him how they wished they had had kids like him.

"Hello Noah!" Amy called as Noah rolled to the end of the deck.

"Hello Mrs. Brighton." Noah smiled as he greeted her.

"What are you up to this morning dear?" She asked politely as tended to her garden across the fence.

"Oh not much, just looking over a few notes before work." Noah told her. "How about you?"

"Just tidying up around the house while Jack takes his nap." She chuckled. "You know Jack, he loves his naps."

"Yes, I know." Noah smiled, remembering one dinner he had with them, where Jack fell asleep halfway through the meal. 

"We were wondering if you'd like to come over for dinner Sunday night." Amy brought up as she finished tending to her prize winning Azaleas.

"Only if you're making your famous pot roast." Noah joked, knowing she would ask what she should make next.

"You got it dear." She smiled, then stood up. "I have to do some vacuuming, have a nice day at work."

"Will do." Noah smiled. "Tell Jack I said Hi."

"Okay dear." Amy smiled back before heading back to her house.

Noah remembered when he first moved, a couple weeks ago, and didn't care for getting to know his neighbors. He was too polite to refuse a dinner offer from Amy and Jack, and by the time dinner was done, he wanted to go back every week. 

They were pretty interesting people, Jack was a Lieutenant in the Army, and Amy was a flight attendant for a major airline. The two met when Jack was flying home, and they were in love ever since. Three spoiled rotten children later, they were as in love now as the day they met. Noah thought it was a sweet story, and hoped he'd have a nice story about him and, hopefully, his partner when he was an old man.

Noah headed to work, and wasn't surprised that he was early, since he always was. Noah thought it to be better to be 30 minutes early rather than 15 minutes late. He rolled into the building and exchanged greetings with a few other people as he headed to his office. 

"Hello Dr. Larson, how is your morning?" Noah's receptionist Gwen asked sweetly.

"Fine, and Gwen, please call me Noah, I don't know how many times I have asked you." Noah chuckled, knowing Gwen would never call him by his first name while in the work place.

"My apologies Dr. Larson, it just seems weird calling my boss by his first name" She smiled, then got back to typing on the computer.

Noah had hired Gwen on the spot, not even bothering to interview anyone else. She was smart, pretty, and funny, and if Noah were straight, he might have found her attractive. Still, Gwen could probably get almost any guy she wanted.

Gwen was from a small town in Alabama, and was very shy and reserved. She was also very friendly, making friends with Noah almost immediately. She moved to California to go to college to become a psychiatrist herself, and worked with Noah when she didn't have any classes.

"Well, what are you going to do next year when you graduate and I hire you here?" Noah asked.

"Really?" She asked, her face lit up rather quickly when Noah told her that.

"Of course, you're doing really well in your classes, and you're already familiar with some of the patients." Noah told her, then felt a little nervous about what was coming next. "But for now, maybe you should come in less."

"What do you mean?" She asked, looking a little hurt. "Am I fired?"

"No." Noah assured her. "I'd just like it if you gave school one final push, bring your B's up to A's, so you graduate giving it your all." Noah tried to explain. "I'll hire someone else to work part time, right now, this is best for you, and if you're low on cash at any point, I'll throw you easy hours."

"Okay." She said, sounding a little bittersweet. "I can do that."

"You know this is good though, I want you ready for finals at the end of the school year, and you'll always be welcome to work a few hours here and there." Noah told her.

"I know." She smiled, seemingly taking the new better. "Thank you Dr. Larson. I won't waste this opportunity."

"I know you won't Gwen." Noah told her.

Despite Gwen only being a year younger than Noah, he though of her kind of like a kid sister. She hadn't had the best relationship with her family, they disowned her when she didn't want to get an agriculture degree, so she seemed to grow closer to Noah as well. 

A little later, Noah sat patiently, trying to listen to his latest client, some bored housewife confessing her infidelity, and asking Noah what she should do. He tried to be his normal, professional self, but he couldn't get Oliver off of his mind. He looked down at his notes, and found that the last couple of sentences were Oliver Oliver Oliver..., and tried to scratch them out.

Noah was heading out to lunch, when Gwen caught up to him and suggested they ate together. Noah couldn't refuse her offer, despite going through a moral dilemma about Oliver at the moment. For some reason, he couldn't get Oliver out if his mind.

Noah and Gwen chose a little spot by their office to grab lunch, a small diner with pretty decent food. Gwen and Noah ordered lunch, when Noah found himself spacing out again, thinking about Oliver. By the time he snapped back into reality, Gwen had a very confused look on her face.

"What's on your mind?" She asked.

"What do you mean?" Noah asked, but wasn't able to lie too well.

"You know what I mean Dr. Larson." She said, pointing her fork in an accusatory way."When you space out while I'm talking about books, psychology books at that, something big must be on your mind."

"Okay fine." Noah gave up, knowing he couldn't lie to Gwen. "Remember the other day, I said I was going to my High School reunion?"

"Yeah, why?" Gwen asked.

"Well, I ran into an old crush there." Noah said, then explained, in vague detail, about him and Oliver. 

"Aw, that's kind of cute." Gwen cooed afterwards.

"What's cute?" Noah asked, failing to see the cute factor of his story.

"You, getting all flustered about some guy." She teased. "You never get flustered."

"True." Noah agreed, since he was known to always be calm and level headed. "Still, I don't know what I should do."

Noah and Gwen nibbled on their lunches as Gwen mulled over things. Noah knew what his patients must have felt like, waiting for Noah to issue them advice. By the time Gwen finished eating, Noah felt like he was going to explode from impatience.

"Gwen!" Noah snapped, causing them both to laugh.

"I think you need to talk to him, see what's there. You said he's single right?" Gwen advised.

"Yeah, he said he's single." Noah said, knowing Gwen's advise was good. "I don't know how to get into contact with him though."

"What was his last name again?" Gwen ask, while playing with her phone.

"Lovelace." Noah told her. "It's pointless though, I don't know how-"

"Here it is." Gwen interrupted Noah, holding our her phone. Noah read Oliver's contact info, including his address and phone number. "How'd you do that?"

"Facebook." She smiled. "Call him.

"I'll do it Saturday." Noah told her while copying down his info. "He'll most likely be home then."

"Okay." She smiled. "He must be something though, since you're acting a little like a high school girl."

"That's no way to talk to your boss." Noah joked as he paid the bill and they headed back to the office.

The next day, Noah rolled into the office, and was surprised to find Gwen was gone, which made him a little sad. Sure it was Noah who suggested she focus on school, but Noah still missed her. His new receptionist though, wasn't that pleasant. Helen Barr was a shrill older woman with almost no people skills 

Noah struggled all day not to call Oliver, wanting to wait until Saturday, so he could figure out what to say. Still, the number tempted him, like a golden apple. Noah somehow managed to make it one more day, and got off work without calling Oliver.

Noah was planning on going straight home, when he got a call from Gwen, asking him to join her and a couple friends at the movies. Noah wasn't too familiar with Gwen's friends, but he couldn't pass up spending time with Gwen. Noah didn't have many friend, so he considered Gwen to be one of his closest.

Noah waited outside of the movie theater for no more than 5 minutes before Gwen and a couple people approached Noah. Gwen introduced her four friends as Leslie, Freddy, Meg, and Bruce, all of them were in Med School, studying to be various types of doctors.

"Guys, this is my boss, and future co-worker Dr. Larson." Gwen introduced.

"Hey, just call me Noah, Dr. Larson sounds kind of stuck up." Noah told them.

"Please, when I graduate, I'm going to make everyone, including my parents, call me Doctor." Leslie joked.

"Anyways, let's get in before the movie starts." Gwen said, and lead them into the theater.

Noah sat in the isle next to the isle seat, since he couldn't get in the actual seat. He was hoping a little that Gwen would sit next to him, but it ended up being Bruce. Noah didn't know much about Bruce, but he gave of a sort of stoic, strong but silent type. 

"Hey." Bruce gave Noah a head nod.

"Hey." Noah reciprocated.

The movie started and the theater went dark and quiet. Everyone was transfixed on the screen, including Noah, and forgot he had popcorn until halfway through. The movie was a romantic comedy, which wasn't Noah's favorite, but it was better than being home alone obsessing about Oliver.

Noah reached into the popcorn bucket and nearly jumped out of his skin when he felt another hand in the bucket. He looked over to see Bruce, blushing and quickly withdrew his hand from the popcorn. Noah felt weirdly guilty, like being with someone else would be cheating.

"That was a great movie!" Meg said once it was over.

"That was boring babe." Freddy disagreed, then kissed Meg.

"I liked it too Meg." Gwen agreed, then flicked Freddy on the ear. 

"Did you guys wanna grab a bite to eat?" Leslie offered.

"Sure, that sounds fun." Gwen agreed. "You wanna join us Dr. Larson?"

Noah wanted to, mainly because he was starving, but he wasn't sure. He really wanted to think about what he wanted to tell Oliver tomorrow, plus he felt a little weird around Bruce. 

"Sorry, I have to head home, I have plans tomorrow." Noah respectfully declined.

"Okay, well see you around Dr. Larson." Gwen said, then gave him a hug.

Noah was heading towards the exit when he decided to go to the bathroom. He rolled in, and almost plowed into Bruce. He looked like he was in an awkward predicament, which is how Noah felt.

"Hey." Bruce said.

"Hey." Noah told him, wondering if the two of them could say anything else.

"Listen, I didn't mean what happened, you know, the popcorn thing." He awkwardly said.

"Okay, good." Noah nodded.

"Okay. I just wanted to make that clear, I actually have a boyfriend." Bruce mentioned.

"Awesome." Noah said, unsure of what else to say. "I am actually kind of interested in someone else, so you're off the hook."

Noah and Bruce exchanged and awkward laugh before Bruce exited the bathroom. Noah made a mental note to never use a public bathroom again, since he seemed to have nothing but awkward encounters lately. 

After that, Noah went home and pulled into the driveway. As he rolled to the front door, Jack waved at him from across the fence. Noah rolled up to him and waved hi back.

"Hey Jack, how's your evening?" Noah asked.

"Great, Amy made a delicious pork chop, and now we're watching our favorite movie." Jack said happily.

Noah was a little jealous, since that sounded like a nice evening. He wanted to be a guy he could grow old with. Noah seemed to either attract one night stands or crazy guys, neither of which make for a soulmate.

"Sounds nice Jack." Noah smiled. "See you Sunday for dinner?"

"Sure thing Noah." Jack smiled back.

"Alright, have a nice night and tell Amy I said hello." Noah told him as he rolled to his house.

"Will do, and you have a nice night too." Jack responded before Noah went inside.

After changing into a pair of sweats and climbing into bed, Noah just lied there, thinking about his day. He couldn't help wonder why he felt so guilty when he thought Bruce was hitting on him, like he was cheating or something. Noah knew he needed to talk to Oliver, but unfortunately for him, Noah couldn't wait until the morning. 

The phone kept ringing, which made Noah grow more and more anxious with every ring. When the answering machine picked up, Noah almost hung up, but somehow found the determination to leave a message, despite his timidity about rejection.

"Hey Oliver, It's Noah, I was just calling you to let you know that I'll be in your neck of the woods tomorrow morning and planned on stopping by to talk things out. If you don't want to, just call me back and I'll understand, but if I don't hear from you, I'll be there around eleven. Well, see you then I guess, okay bye." Noah spoke into the phone before hanging up.

"That wasn't too bad." Noah repeated, trying to assure himself that he did the right thing. Noah waited a little to see if Oliver would call back, but eventually, Noah drifted off to sleep. 

The next morning, as the sunlight crept into Noah's bedroom, illuminating the house, Noah sprang up awake. He immediately looked at the phone, only to see that he had no messages or missed calls. Noah felt a little disappointed, until he remembered that he specified that if Oliver didn't call him, Noah would show up anyways. 

After Noah showered, trimmed his beard a little, then put on freshly ironed clothes, Noah rolled out to his car, climbed in, and drove to the address he got from Gwen. He was nervous the entire drive, spacing out at least twice, and almost crashing, but he made it. He nervously climbed out of his car and into his wheelchair and rolled to the apartment buildings.

Noah was glad to see that the building had an elevator, since there were no apartments on the ground floor, and Noah couldn't roll up stairs. He rolled into the elevator, and held the door for a delivery man carrying a package. He gave Noah a smile and thanked him for holding the door. 

Noah and the delivery man stopped on the same floor, and as a courtesy, Noah let the delivery man get off first. Noah and him went the same way, and Noah was surprised when he knocked on the door Noah was going to. 

"Thanks." Oliver said as he signed for his package.

"Oh, hey Oliver, wait up!" Noah called out as Oliver was about to head back inside.

Oliver looked freshly showered, his hair was still damp looking. Noah couldn't help but blush as he rolled up to Oliver. Noah hoped Oliver thought about what Noah told him, and wanted something serious. 

"Hey, great to see you." Oliver smiled, flashing his stunning smile.

"Yeah, I didn't hear from you , so I assumed it would be fine if I stopped by. " Noah rambled. 

"Of course Noah." Oliver said after a moment's thought. Then grew a weird look on his face.

"Hey Oliver, I'm taking off, see you later." A beautiful blond woman told Oliver as she emerged from his apartment, then kissed him on the lips. Noah assumed that she had stayed the night, which made him feel very embarrassed. "Oh hi, I'm Amber." 

"Noah Larson, nice to meet you." Noah said, trying to save the last little sliver of his dignity. 

"How do you two know each other?" Amber asked Oliver, all the while, patting his butt and kissing his neck. Noah wanted to throw up.

"Yeah Oliver, how do we know each other?" Noah shot Oliver a look, then answered Amber. "We grew up together."

"Well, I'd love to hear some Oliver stories sometime." Amber said before waving bye as she headed down the stairwell.

"I have one she'd love to hear." Noah muttered to Oliver, shooting daggers at him.

"Let's talk inside." Oliver said, then escorted Noah into his apartment.

Noah didn't really want to go inside after what he had just witnessed. He wanted to hide and cry, but he mostly wanted to yell. He couldn't believe Oliver, Noah was furious. 

"What the hell Oliver?!" Noah yelled. "I thought you said you were single?!"

"I was, I just met Amber last night." Oliver explained, like that made up for everything. 

"That's great, she's gorgeous, you're lucky." Noah said in a condescending voice. He figured she must be something special if he pursued her after trying to make a move on Noah a little over a week ago.

"Listen, about us-" Oliver started, but Noah didn't let him finish. The way he said 'us' like he and Noah were an actual thing, it just set Noah off.

"What us?!" Noah yelled. "I came here and thought we could try again, but I knew you were just a dog with a bone." 

Noah tried to leave, but Oliver blocked the door. Noah tried to run over Oliver's foot to get him to move, but he stayed planted in the one spot. He looked at Noah with an almost hurt look, which killed Noah, seeing him look like that. 

"You know what Noah? I love you, but I'm not what you want. You deserve better, someone who doesn't go out to bars and picks up girls who don't even give a shit about themselves." Oliver said in a shaky voice while staring at the floor. "I'm not that same guy in High School you had a crush on Noah."

Noah felt bad for Oliver, knowing that what he said was coming from a dark, depressed place. Noah had been aware since they were kids that Oliver never really gave himself praise, unless someone else gave it to him first. Without someone to tell him how great he was, Oliver thought he was useless. 

"Oliver, that's the saddest thing I've ever heard. You are a lot better than you give yourself credit for,and I wish you could see that, but until you see that, I can't play this game with you." Noah told him in his psychiatrist voice. "I am tired of you thinking less of yourself just because you're in denial about your feelings, so when you straighten then out, come by and we can talk again. I just moved into my new home downtown."
