 This story is 100% fictional and any similarity to any name, event, or place was not intended.

This is a story of discovery of sexuality. It is a discovery of my sexuality when I found out I am bisexual and lean toward men. My name is Cody and I am 18 and a senior at my high school. I stand 6'3" and weigh 245 lbs of all muscle with a crew cut style brown hair with green eyes. I have a massive cock of around 12 inches when hard and 7 inches when soft which I have a hard time hiding. I have always been the popular guy among the girls due to my package.

I have always noticed that when I watch pornos or looks at porn magazines I always notice myself focusing on the cocks as they grow erect and I start to drool. I play it off as nothing but I have been starting to notice it more and more now. I have been able to keep myself subdued when I am in the showers after games until my future lover joined the squad.

His name is Dan and he is 18 and a senior as well. He stands at 6'5" and weighs 260 lbs of pure chiseled muscle with a shaved head and blue eyes. I have seen his cock and it is around the same size as me maybe even bigger. I have noticed myself starting to harden when I see him in the showers but I have been able to play it off lately as thinking about a girl I have been dating at the time.

I have noticed my obsession with him growing more and more. I have been getting fully hard when I see him in the showers and I have dreams of him fucking me hard after a football game in the showers. It has come to a point where I can't concentrate anymore. I have finally decided to confront him about it.

"Hey Dan can I see you outside for a minute man?" I asked him after we both got dressed after showering after practice.

"Yeah sure Cody," he said as he followed me out the doors.

I had him follow me far away from the locker room into a woody area where nobody would look for us or see us because I didn't want anybody to hear us or if anything happened to see it.

"Alright Cody I think this is far enough now what do you want to talk about?" Dan asked as he stopped moving and stood there.

"Alright Dan please don't respond right away but listen first. I have always been straight for my whole life and nothing has happened for me to doubt that until lately. For a while now while I have been watching porns or looking at magazines I have noticed I have been focusing more on the males. It never happened with a guy in real life until you came along and since then I have been obsessed with you and I don't know why and I felt I should let you know and maybe it would stop," I said with a look of hope of him not flipping out. 

"Are you serious?" Dan asked with surprise anger in his voice trying to hide back his actual reaction.

"I am sorry but yes Dan it is true. I would understand if you left in disgust and told everyone my secret I guess I deserve it for being so stupid," I said as I started to walk away with my head down in shame.

As I just passed by Dan more than a foot I felt a hand on my arm and pulled me back and it was Dan and he pulled me into him and he kissed me deeply. I was shocked by his suddenness but I started to enjoy it as it was a rough yet sexy kiss as his tongue started to lick my lips trying to get in. I opened my mouth allowing his tongue to enter my mouth as I snaked my tongue into his. We stayed like this entwined with our tongues exploring each other's mouths as my cock started growing which I knew he felt since he grabbed my ass and pulled me to him and started grinding his hard cock on mine. 

I pushed him off for a second for some air and said, "Woa Dan where did this come from? I never expected you to react like this but I have to tell you I am pleasantly surprised."

"Well I have something to admit to you Cody. What has been happening to you has been happening to me towards you too and I was going to confront you today as well so I am really glad we are both having the same problem and I think you will agree that we probably should at least do what we fantasize about and maybe it will go away," Dan said as he started to take his shirt off.

"Well from what has already happened and from what you are doing now I guess that seems like the most logical thing to do then," I said as I took my shirt off as well.

We both finally took our shirts off and we both started drooling as we saw each other's chiseled chest as we groaned and slowly slid our shorts and underwear off in one fine sweep which freed out cocks which were so hard stood straight out and touched each other.

"Uhmmm It looks like our cocks like each other," Dan said as he groaned from the pleasure of it all.

"Uhh it sure does," Cody said as he stared at Dan's cock.

"So what do we do now?" Dan asked staring at Cody's big hard cock.

"Well since it looks like we are both interested with each other's cock then I think we should maybe do a 69," Cody said as he walked up to Dan and took his cock in his hand.

"Now that sounds like fun," Dan said as he groaned from the feel of Cody's grasp on his cock. 

Dan put their clothes on the ground like a blanket and laid down with his cock sticking up in the air like a flag pole as Cody stood there looking at it with hungry lust filled eyes.

"I can't wait any longer. I need your cock in my ass," Cody said as he went to his pants. 

Cody looked through his pocket for the lube he brought in hopes for what was happening then. As Cody got the lube and brought it back over Dan spit in his hand and was using it to stroke his cock as he waited for Cody to get back with the lube. Cody finally found it and brought it to Dan and squirted some in his hands and then slowly started to lube Dan's cock slowly as he stroked his cock. Dan took Cody's cock in his hand to stroke it as Cody was busy with his. Both of their cocks were starting to leak a steady flow of precum. 

"Oh Fuck I can't take it anymore! Cody, impale your ass on my cock now!" Dan said forcefully in between grunts.

"You got it," Cody said with pure excitement.

Cody threw the lube away and then threw one leg over Dan's legs and squatted down facing Dan as he grabbed Dan's cock and placed it at the opening of his ass and slowly eased down onto Dan's cock making them both scream and grunt and groan in pleasure. Cody started to move up and down faster with his cock moving all around.

"Oh fuck Dan your cock feels so good!" Cody said as he threw his head back and groaned.

"Mmm yes Cody, ride my cock!" Dan said as he groaned as well.

Cody started to ride Dan as fast as he could, grunting, groaning, and moaning as his head was thrown back. Dan took a hold of Cody's cock with one hand and started to stroke it just as fast as Cody's was riding his cock. Dan then thought of an idea, He took a finger and got it wet with his mouth and moved it behind Cody and he started to slip it into his ass with his cock in it as well.

"Oh my fucking god Dan that is sending me over the edge!! I am going to cuuuuuummmmm!" Cody said as he stopped riding.

Cody stopped riding Dan's cock and everything went quiet and then he started to writhe and moan on Dan's cock as his cock jumped and started to spurt cum like a bullet hitting Dan in the face soaking him and then starting to lower soaking Dan with his cum. 

"Wow Cody that was fucking big load," Dan said as he brought himself up on his elbows to look at Cody. 

"Oh my god I am so sorry Dan I didn't mean to coat you in my cum," Cody said as he looked at Dan's face.

"Oh don't worry I am not angry. I actually enjoyed it but I think I need some help cleaning it off," Dan said as he started to lick up the cum around his lips.

Cody didn't need anymore encouragement and moved up Dan's body and helped them clean up and after 5 minutes of cleaning Dan was spotless.

"Dan, Cody where are you?" they both heard their coach saying.

"Oh shit," they both said.

Dan quickly took his underwear and wiped up the slobber and threw it in the woods and Cody used his to clean his cock and threw it in the woods as well. They both got dressed and made sure each other looked presentable. They both kissed each other and exchanged phone numbers and they left the woods together holding hands until they could be seen.