 Emilio wanted to ignore the knock on his front door. Considering how it took him all day to try and forget the rejection, he just wanted to be alone for the rest of the evening.

Three more knocks on the door and a voice from the other side murmured, "Emilio? It's me, Leslie. I want to talk."

Emilio, a nineteen-year-old Argentinian man, stayed seated on his recliner. The last person he wanted to talk to was Leslie. Even if he shared the same origin of their desolation, Emilio still didn't want to deal with the one person who used to be his adversary. 

Leslie knocked again. "Come on, I know you're in there!"

Frustrated, Emilio got up from his recliner and opened the front door. Leslie stood a few feet in front of him. The slim nineteen-year-old man had short blond hair, and at this moment, he wore a dark green t-shirt and brown pants. The two of them just stared at each other. Emilio tried to express his resentment, but he just couldn't. He felt too heartbroken to even say a few choice words.

Leslie seemed to have understood his silence. "I know how you feel. She did the same thing to me."

"Yeah, I've noticed."

Even if Leslie held a blank expression on his face, Emilio could still sense a wholesome anguish that clutched his heart and broke his spirit.

"Would you like to come in?"

Leslie nodded. "Sure, why not?"

Emilio let him inside his apartment. Leslie began to examine the small but comfortable surroundings. As he shot brief glimpses at the furniture in the living room, Emilio asked, "So how did Vivian break the news to you?"

"She didn't. I saw her with her new boyfriend this afternoon. Why she didn't even tell me about him, I'll never know."

"I guess she didn't think we were that important anymore."

Leslie sighed. "How long has it been?"

"Three weeks."

Even if they never met until then, Emilio and Leslie had already acknowledged their newly formed rivalry exactly three weeks ago. For the past twenty days, they tried to win the heart of the same young woman they fell head over heels for. At different times, they took her to the movies and took her out to dinner. Emilio took it further by taking her to see her favorite pop artist live in concert. The music didn't exactly please him, but it did make her feel content. At one point, both Emilio and Leslie shared a few angry words right in front of Vivian. She left right before things went a little sour. The competition seemed fierce, but now that Vivian had found herself an actual boyfriend, the entire situation appeared absurd. 

Emilio added, "Did you see how rich the guy is?"

"Yeah, I saw his Lamborghini. Do you know anyone who owns one here in San Diego?"

"I don't, and I don't think I ever will. We're both peasants when compared to that guy."

Leslie had his eyes on the sofa and recliner. "I know. It stinks. At least we still have our looks."

Emilio agreed. With his shaggy shoulder-length hair, a complete lack of facial hair, and an overall thin physique, he liked to believe that women of all kinds would be swooning at the sight of him in an instant.

Leslie slowly slid his fingers across the black leather recliner. "You know, you have a really nice place here."

"Thanks."

Leslie's little smile seemed to have an effect on Emilio, who kept his gaze on the dazzling gold hue of the hair above his forehead. It kept his thoughts of Vivian's long black hair under functional neglect. Leslie took a few slow steps toward the bookshelves in the corner. Emilio couldn't help but acquire his self-awareness as his adversary gave off a debonair manner with his careful stride. Leslie seemed like a gentleman while perusing the titles of contemporary novels arranged on the shelves.

"I see you're a fan of detective novels. I am, too."

"It's good to know that we at least share a common interest. Vivian never liked these types of stories."

"She told me that, too. I once saw her own collection, and it was nothing but romance and some of that vampire crap."

"I would never get into that sort of stuff."

"Me, neither."

An abrupt moment of silence took place when Emilio and Leslie stared at each other. For some odd reason, Emilio underwent a trance-like state, standing absolutely still when gazing into the pair of blue eyes. He couldn't understand this certain feeling. Perhaps their connection only had something to do with the rejection of the same young woman. Sharing the same despair would be reasonable, but there was something else that Emilio couldn't fathom. It was as if he saw something in Leslie that made him feel more aroused.

Leslie quickly looked away. "I bet she didn't like the movies we saw when visiting the theater together."

"Let me guess. She wanted to see the chick flicks."

Leslie nodded. "I wish I brought my earphones."

Emilio scratched his head. "Now that I think of it, it's a good thing I didn't have to take her to any of those concerts she mentioned."

"You mean the ones with Taylor Swift and Katy Perry?"

Emilio chuckled. "Yeah, those are the ones. I'm surprised you're still alive."

Leslie sighed. "It wasn't easy. Thank God for Staind and Sevendust."

"Oh, you like them, too?"

"Yeah, they've been two of my favorites for a long time."

Leslie shook his head with amusement. "It's amazing. We've been competing against each other over a woman for three weeks, and just today, we're beginning to know each other."

Emilio folded his arms across his chest. "And it's hard to believe that we have a lot in common."

"Let me see if the similarities stop there. Do you like movies from Kubrick and the Coen Brothers?"

"Kubrick isn't fascinating, but the Coen Brothers sure impress me."

"What about baseball? Angels or Dodgers?"

"I've been an Angels fan since I was a kid."

"So have I."

"Do you enjoy watching Game of Thrones?"

"It's a little hobby of mine."

"How about mountain hiking?"

"No, but I do like to go skiing on occasion."

"Well then, count me in."

Leslie's smile made Emilio feel so much more at ease than before. This time, it wasn't Vivian who had become the foundation of mental comfort. He no longer questioned this change of heart, however. He welcomed this newborn consolation in the shape of another discarded individual.

Leslie remarked, "I think this feud between us is pointless."

"I guess we should have seen this coming."

"About breaking up with Vivian?"

"Well, that and the fact that we've been helplessly in love with the wrong person. It's pretty embarrassing if you ask me."

"I don't think it's a total loss. Even if she is no longer interested in us, we still have each other."

"You make that sound like we're becoming more than just friends."

Emilio added some captivation in the tone of his voice. "I'm starting to believe that."

Leslie immediately took one step backwards. "You're not serious, are you?"

"Maybe I am. Would that offend you?"

Leslie had a bewildered look on his face. "It wouldn't offend me...I mean it would, but...I don't think I know where you're going with this."

Emilio moved a little closer towards him, making the corner in which Leslie stood on almost inescapable. "I have to be honest. I'm starting to see a different side of you. I no longer see an opponent. I see a man who I can have a good time with."

Leslie gulped air. "It sounds like you're losing your mind."

Emilio slowly shook his head. "It makes sense, though. We're not that different from each other. 'Opposites attract' is not something that I believe in, anyway."

The Argentinian man examined Leslie from his shoes to his hair. For the first time, Emilio found him to be an attractive man.

"Let's forget about Vivian. We don't need her."

Leslie looked away. "I should go."

He was about to take the first step toward the front door, but Emilio grabbed his arm and pulled him closer towards him. He couldn't resist it any longer. Emilio gave him a long kiss. Leslie tried to push him away, but Emilio held him tight in his arms. Soon, Leslie's aggressive shoving softened until he no longer felt the need to escape the embrace. With his hands on Emilio's shoulders, Leslie's participation became more apparent when he pressed his lips harder on Emilio's.

When they finally stopped to take a short breather, Leslie asked, "Do you feel as strange as I do?"

Emilio replied, "Not in the slightest. Just relax. I'm sure you'll enjoy this moment."

Leslie gave his charming smile again. "I hope so."

The two of them kissed again. It didn't take long for them to move from the living room to the master bedroom. In just a few minutes, they found themselves naked while standing right alongside Emilio's king-sized bed. With the sight of a nude Leslie just two feet in front of him, Emilio didn't complain. The hairless skin, the flat chest, and of course, the fully erect member between the thighs made him take deeper breaths.

"I know you want it."

Emilio grabbed Leslie's head and pulled him down, grabbing him by the back of his head. "Open your mouth."

In a split second, Leslie's mouth was wide open. Emilio shoved his cock deep inside his friend's throat. He kept moving his hip upwards. Leslie grabbed hold of Emilio's thighs while happily taking his long stiff cock. 

"Do you like it?"

Leslie didn't say anything because of what was stuffed inside his mouth. All he could do was moan in an alluring manner. Emilio kept giving him a deep craving for hard human flesh. It went on for minutes, until Emilio wanted something deeper.

He brought Leslie's head up and whispered, "Get into bed with me."

Leslie didn't hesitate. He and Emilio lay in bed together. They did everything they could to please one another. Time didn't feel like a waste when Emilio kept his prick deep inside Leslie's tight anus, never obtaining the desire to stop thrusting in and out of his new companion. They demonstrated every position that they had either learned of or took part in with recent partners. Emilio didn't know how long he spooned him, but the length of their lively performance felt as extensive as when Emilio gave his blond friend the "doggy-style" treatment. No matter which position they strived for, Emilio couldn't stop entering Leslie. Leslie constantly engrossed himself with the deep continuous penetrations. His loud moaning became verbal ecstasy in Emilio's ears. 

Their breaking point would soon arrive when Emilio lay directly on top of Leslie, grabbing him by the legs and quickening his pelvic thrusts. Leslie grasped the bed sheets as his blissful cries enhanced Emilio's motivation.

"Oh, Emilio! Oh, don't stop!"

Emilio overlooked the drops of sweat forming on his forehead. He used all of his energy to draw out their long-awaited tumble from the top. In a few minutes, their orgasms had reached maximum strength. They screamed in unison and collapsed on the mattress. Emilio could feel his thick creamy fluids ejecting from his cock, filling Leslie with human substance.

The two of them took quick breaths from complete exhaustion. Emilio could feel more sweat forming not only on his own skin, but on Leslie's as well. They gazed at each other once more.

Leslie's smile seemed legitimate. "You were right."

"About what?"

"About Vivian. I should forget about her. She doesn't need me, and I don't need her."

Emilio still felt exhausted. "And thanks to her, we now have each other."

The two of them kissed while embracing in bed. Emilio welcomed the warm feel of Leslie's undressed skin. The young Argentinian man gazed into the heavenly blue eyes of his former rival once again. For the last few weeks, antipathy played a dominant role in the relationship between these two. And just tonight, affection in a more drastic form emerged, giving their competition a valid farewell.

Leslie whispered, "I never thought this could happen."

"Doesn't it make you feel happy?"

"Yes, it does."

Leslie's hands touched Emilio's chest, something that the latter had taken a liking to.

"You sure are hot stuff."

"And so are you."

Emilio stood up from the bed and said, "Let's go take a shower."

Leslie still lay on the bed. Minuscule puddles of thick secretion were scattered between his legs. "Give me a few minutes. I want to stay here and keep your cum inside me for a little longer."

"Sure, whatever you say."

Emilio left him alone. He walked straight into his bathroom still nude and turned on the shower. Leslie joined him just a few minutes later. As the pouring warm water landed on their bodies, the two of them gave each other a nice long hug. The tender moment felt good to both.

"Emilio...this feels good. This feels really good."

Leslie's new friend grinned. "We should do this more often."