 I was going to an outdoor concert and was going to meet some friends there. We really hadn't decided where to meet. I was already late and the first band was already playing. I was trying to push my way through the crowd. I knew my pals would be close to the stage.

Suddenly the crowd surged forward and I lost my balance. I felt an arm go around my waist and pull me up. I looked over my shoulder and there stood this huge man. He probably stood six foot four inches and weighed at least 260 pounds. I thought he was a football player at first. He pulled me up close to him and then spoke his first words.

"Don't fight it." 

Who was fighting anything? I was barely able to keep my feet on the ground. I figured he would let go of my waist once I got my footing, but that wasn't the case. He reached to my belt buckle and started loosening it. I tried to protest, but he lowered his face and told me to keep quiet.

I didn't know what to do. He had me pulled tightly to his body. Now my pants were hanging around my ankles as he pulled them and my underwear down. I was getting scared now. Here I was in a crowd with my pants down and my cock out.

I hated to say it but I was getting half an erection. The next thing I felt was a warm cock probing my asshole. I didn't know what to do. This guy had me pinned to him and he was guiding his pecker to my hole. 

I am not gay or bi, but for some reason I was getting turned on. He was sliding his cock up and down my crack. I have to say I was getting quite turned on at this moment. I pressed back against him and it felt like his shaft was getting bigger.The crowd was pressed so tight, I guess they couldn't see us. It was also dark in the stadium and the band was really getting into it.

So were we, it seemed. I could feel this giant finally pressing his monster cock between my cheeks. I don't know what possessed me, but I reached back and tried to spread my ass for him. He kept pushing his cockhead past my opening and I finally gave way to him.

I could feel that thick prick slowly entering me, past my rim. then he pulled his cock back. I thought I was to the point of going crazy by now. I never had felt anything so big in my life in my asshole. Sure, a few women had pushed a finger into me, but nothing this big.

I don't know how I managed it, but I was able to bend at the waist slightly. He then entered me fully. I wanted to scream, it hurt so much. My lover just held his thick meat in me for a few minutes. I suppose he was letting me get used to it. The crowd was bobbing up and down and so was I. 

He began to plough that long cock into me and I let him do it. I was his bitch and he knew it also. I thought my lover was going to split me in two. He was getting loud now and I suppose I was also. No one seemed to know if we were shouting at the group or having wild anal sex.

My lover was giving me long strokes of his cock and my ass muscles were gripped tightly around his shaft. I was too far gone now, I just wanted him to feed me his cock and blow his load into me. I didn't have long to wait. My lover slowed down and gave me the deepest thrusts I had felt so far.

He then blew his seed into my ass. I gripped his cock and milked him for all I was worth. He must have had a giant load for me. I could feel his hot flow for what seemed like ten minutes. I could also feel his seed dripping out my ass and onto my pants and underwear.

Eventually he got a bit soft and I felt that monster slip out of my asshole. This giant man then zipped up his pants and then lifted my pants up. I fastened then up and redid my belt. When I turned around, the man who had just fucked me was gone. He slipped away so fast it astonished me.

I was so tired I left the concert right there and then. I walked back out to the parking lot and found my car. When I reached in my pocket, for my keys, I felt a scrap of paper. I pulled it out and there was a name and a phone number scribbled on it. My giant lover!