 This is my first story so yes, I'm a virgin. In more ways than one. Let me know what you think but be gentle, please. I'd like to be broken in gently the first few times. The following is just a fantasy but I do think about activities like this all the time. I guess those that would know would say that I need someone to take control of me so I could be comfortable with doing something with a guy. I'll let you decide what I need and if you like, let me know that too. Ok, enough of that, on with the story.

*

I lived in a condo at the end of the street. It was also a new development and as of yet, no other condos had been built on the street or even in the area. With this economy, it might be a while before any others are built. It had a large common, covered back deck that looked over the small back yard and woods beyond.

I am 5' 10" to 5' 11" on a good day and between 170 and 175 lbs. Slim build with a small tight butt that women claim is a good two handfuls. Dark hair with some gray coming in and intense but playful blue eyes. Up to this point, I have only been with women but have had fantasies about men on a regular basis. I exercise daily to keep the midlife bulge from coming on and so far it's working. I've always been the class clown, laughing and joking and being flippant most of the time. I always try to find the humorous side of what life throws at us.

My neighbor that owned the second half seemed to be a good guy. Kind of quite, about 6' 1", not muscle bound but in good shape and I would guess about 200 lbs. Dark full head of hair and gray eyes. In the evenings, we would sit on the deck with a drink just enjoying the quite and solitude.

Neither one of us went out much nor did we ever have visitors. Par for the course for me which I guess is why I never questioned Sean's lack of going out or company. I worked from home and Sean worked for a landscaping company.

I came home one day from a trip to the store and saw Sean sitting on the deck. After putting everything away, I fixed a drink and went out to the deck. It was then that I saw both of Sean's hands were in casts.

"Dang, what happened to you?"

"Accident at work. I've been sitting here for about two hours waiting on you," he said. "I can't get to my keys to open the door."

He seemed to be sort of embarrassed but asked if I could get his keys out of his pocket and open the door for him saying he had to go to the bathroom, quick. I didn't hesitate and laughed while reaching into his pants pocket for the keys saying, "I guess that could be a problem."

I opened the door and he took off for the bathroom. I laughed and yelled at him to not forget to raise the lid and sat down to wait for him to finish and then explain what happened.

Not two minutes later he was back, red in the face and with the obvious look of a guy that has to go bad. He said, "Man, I can't get my pants open with these damn casts! Can you give me a hand, quick?"

"Uh, yeah, sure. No problem. Uh, out in the yard. More room" I replied, not really thinking about what this would entail.

We both kind of ran down the steps and over to a tree. Men have to have a tree, a bush, or tire for some reason so it was natural for both of us to head for the tree. He was next to the tree and I was to his left. I leaned forward and kind of around his front so I could use both hands to get his pants open and not get peed on. He was hopping from foot to foot and whispering "hurry, hurry, hurry".

This whole ordeal was striking me a funny so I was giggling (I've always giggled and have always been made fun of because of it) and saying, "Quit moving so much, these damn pants are too tight." 

"It's not funny, it hurts damnit!" Which didn't help my giggles.

I finally got his pants open and tried to raise up. He had his right had on the tree and his left on my back holding me down and was still saying "hurry! hurry! hurry!". I didn't even think about it, I just reached in and grabbed his dick and pulled it out. Luckily he was commando cause I don't think we would have made it had he had underwear on. And luckily I was beside him and not in front cause he started peeing immediately. Now I don't know how much air a person can hold in, but Sean exhaled for a long, long time.

So here we were. He was bracing himself against the tree with his right hand and my back with his left. I was bent over and around his front and couldn't raise up, so I reached out with my right hand for the tree also.

This is where it starts to get weird for me. Sean was fine, he was getting relief. I, meanwhile, had a strange dick in my hand! And it was squirting out pee about four feet, and I was controlling where it went! And I didn't have anywhere else to look but at this strange dick in my hand.

I had never thought about other men before other than a strange dream once in a while. It came as a shock that I was thinking this is a nice dick. No hair, hmmm. Smooth and soft but firm feeling. Very warm, almost hot. Cut, very nice flared head. And big! I wasn't holding it with one or two fingers either. It was laying across my palm and lower finger pads and my thumb was wrapped across the top. Just like I stroke my own! Only he wasn't hard and was as big as I am when hard! And there was at least an inch sticking out past my index finger and thumb.

Holy cow! I felt a twitch in my dick and started to get hard. What's happening to me? I'm liking the feel of Sean's dick in my hand. I start thinking it's beautiful and realize my mouth is watering and hanging open when some spit drops down and lands on his head. I squeeze a little and can feel the pee flowing through the underside. The head flares bigger when I squeeze too. I squeeze again and pull outward like I do to my own. Yep, instead of going out about four feet it squirts out to about six or eight feet. I can't help it but giggle again.

He asks, "Are you having fun?" 

Without thinking I reply, "Oh, sorry, this is kind of new for me. Kind of like pushing all the buttons and knobs in a new car."

At this we both bust out laughing. As he's laughing, I can feel his pee surging. He surges and I squeeze, this is fun. By now he's about finished. I just do what I do to myself and start milking to get all the pee out. Slide back to the base, squeeze and pull out to the head then release and repeat. Only I don't just do it two or three times. I keep doing it! I don't realize what I'm doing till he starts getting hard and growing! Then I snap out of it and see that he's finished.

As I'm putting him back in, I realize he's either naturally hairless or shaved. I don't see any hair on his groin or feel any on his balls. Holy crap, did I just run my fingers down across his balls? Dang, they're big too. Oh man I hope he doesn't think I was feeling him up. It just happened in trying to get that big thing back in his pants and in just the right spot, didn't it?

I can feel my face flushing as I do his pants back up. When I raise up I see his face is flushing too. I stammer, "Well, that was different wasn't it? First time for everything I guess."

"Yeah, right. Felt good", he sputtered. When I looked into his eyes and raised my eyebrows his eyes got big and blurted out, "I mean I was hurting. Felt good to finally get to go."

"Oh! Yeah. Ok. Well, how bout them cowboys?" I say. And we both laugh again and walk back to the deck. Me with a major hardon.

When we get back to our chairs, I gulp down my drink and go fix us both another and arrange my hardon so it's not so obvious. When I get back, Sean starts apologizing, "Man I'm sorry but I couldn't do anything with these casts. I've been holding it for two hours and was starting to hurt."

Not thinking I say, "No problem. Don't worry about it. My pleasure." He spits his drink across the deck at this and starts laughing again.

Realizing what I said, I laughingly replied, "That didn't come out right did it? Lets start over. Don't feel bad about needing me to help. I'm ok with it. And I will say that you have a very nice dick. If it had been an ugly one I might have freaked out. So, everything's good. Now, what the heck happened? Why are you in casts?"

After explaining how he was hurt, which isn't important to the story, and that he would be in the casts for at least a month, we both just sat there for a few moments. We then started talking about all the things he would need help with. I won't go into details on all the things, just namely getting dressed, getting undressed and taking a shower. He was embarrassed but knew he didn't have much choice other than staying in the same clothes and stinking after a day or two.

After agreeing, we decided to have at least one more drink to build up our confidence. While drinking my third and his second drink, we were both thinking about how this was going to work.

Finishing my drink, I boldly stated, "Ok, I'm brave enough. Let's do it." 

He just said, "Oh boy".

Entering his bedroom, I said, "Let's just act like this is an everyday thing and we'll be fine. No big deal." 

He just grunted, "Yeah right." 

With his back to me, I pulled his shirt over his head and worked the sleeves over the casts. I then dropped to my knees to take his shoes off. Taking a big breath, I reached up and around to unfasten his pants, again. This had my face fairly close to his nicer than average butt which wasn't helping my rock hard dick. Pulling his pants down reminded me that he was commando, which only made the hardon situation worse.

"Ok, to the shower chief." I'm trying to keep the mood light, otherwise I'm afraid we both will freak out. He's able to bump the shower controls with his casts and finger tips to get the water going, and enters the stall. Thankfully, he keeps his back to me and can't see my excitement while I strip down and enter behind him.

"Don't get any ideas just because I'm getting naked and into the shower with you big guy." I can't help it, being flippant is the only way I can stay calm. He just kind of laughs but doesn't say anything.

He's facing the shower head with his raised hands resting on the ledges so as not to get the casts wet. I tell him to close his eyes as I shampoo his hair. I then grab the soap and start to lather and wash his back. His broad, muscled, smooth back. Hmmm, where did those thoughts come from? I shake my head and drop to my knees to do the lower parts. I wash his feet and long sexy toes. What is going on with me, why am I thinking a guy's feet are sexy? 

I start working up his legs. His hard, muscled, smooth legs. Hmmm, still no hair. By now I'm staring at his firm, bubble shaped, smooth ass. Still no hair. I can't help but admit to myself that it looks good. And feels even better as I soap and rub and squeeze his cheeks. I run the bar up and down his crack and then my index and middle fingers. As I rub back and forth across his star, he gasps and twitches a little. I'm sure I spend more time than needed rubbing up and down his hairless crack and around his star, but time seems to stand still. I'm not sure who moans, but it snaps me back to the present.

I stand up and have him turn around to do the front. His eyes are closed so I soap his face as insurance so he won't see my hardon, which is throbbing and leaking. My balls are drawn up tight and I haven't even touched myself. I soap his armpits and use my finger tips and nails. I notice his jaws clinch but he doesn't say anything. I should say that it has always turned me on to caress and tease my female partners in the past to get them worked up. I guess I was subconsciously doing that to Sean with his ass and armpits. Cause watching him tense up made my eyebrows raise up, smile and bite my lower lip. I was having fun just as I would with a female.

I soaped up his pecks and his nipples were hard as pebbles. I rubbed my thumbs across and around them. They were at least as big as an eraser and about a quarter inch long. I pinched them between my thumb and index finger and rolled them back and forth. His head shot back and he moaned long and deep.

"Sorry, just making sure they're clean," I said.

"Ohhh, ok," was all he said.

I giggled again and dropped to my knees to "do" the lower parts. WHOA!!! Now Sean had a very nice dick when I held it as he peed. He had an absolutely gorgeous COCK when he was hard!! My god, it was beautiful! Mine is six inches, maybe six and a half at the moment. His had to be at least eight and an inch and a half across. Hard and straight with a huge flared head. The head and veins down the side seemed to be pulsing. His groin and balls were completely hairless so I could see every detail. Beautiful doesn't come close to describing what I was looking at. I'm sure if he could see the awe on my face and my open, drooling mouth, he would have been shocked.

"Oh man, I'm sorry. I can't help it," he gasped.

"Trust me, no problem at all," I breathed.

I quickly soaped the area up. As I was running one hand and fingers around his balls and back to the area behind to his ass, the other was stroking up and down and around his cock. One hand was overflowing with his balls and the other couldn't reach all the way around his mighty shaft. At that moment it struck me that it felt right to be kneeling before this man, cleaning and worshiping his manhood and jewels.

"I'm gonna cum if you don't stop!!"

I didn't stop. I couldn't. I kept stroking. All the way to the top, forcing the flared ridge to slip between my thumb and finger. Then squeezing a little harder and back down to his groin, pulling the skin tight causing the head to flare and pulse. On the down stroke he groaned loud and I felt his cock start to throb. With every throb, a stream of cum fired out. The first two shots went straight into my mouth, almost filling me. When I closed my mouth, the other shots fired all over my face. I didn't hesitate to swallow his cum. It was delicious and I was instantly hooked. I opened my mouth for more and let what was oozing out drop on my tongue while what was on my face started running down and into my mouth. As I was milking his cock to get every drop out of that long shaft, my own balls drew up tighter and shot my cum between his legs. Without even touching myself!! I began scooping what was all over my face into my mouth and squeezing his cock with my other hand.

Why haven't I done this before? The smell, the taste, the texture and the overall feeling of his cum on and in my mouth was just right. It was enough to keep my dick hard. Why do women not crave this feeling was beyond me.

As Sean relaxed and leaned back against the wall, the water spray was able to hit me. I washed my face quick so he wouldn't see his cum all over me. I didn't know what he would do or how he would handle that. I didn't know how I was handling it at this point. 

As I helped him rinse off, I giggled and said, "Wow, I guess you needed that".

"I did and I don't know what to say now. Kind of embarrassing."

"Don't worry about it. Glad to help. Now step out so I can finish washing myself while I'm in here."

I soaped my dick up and started stroking while thinking about what I had just done. I reached back and rubbed circles around my hole. I started wondering what his hard cock would feel like in my ass. With that thought, my balls shrunk up and shot another load of cum against the wall. The more I played with my ass the harder my contractions were and the more I thought about his cock making me cum like this. WOW!!

After I finished cleaning up, I got out, pulled on my briefs, and grabbed a robe hanging on the door. Sean had managed to get a robe on himself and was sitting on the couch. 

As I joined him on the couch I asked, "How are you feeling now?"

His response and what happened next will be told in the next chapter. If you want to know about it, let me know.