 OK Sharon, I need to talk to you about something that happened a few years ago. I am somewhat embarrased to tell you what happened but we did agreed to tell each other of our past sexual encounters. Please just listen for now as I am having a difficult time coming to terms with the pleasure I felt. Please try to understand, let me explain...

I will admit, after my experience with Kevin I felt very guilty about what I did. The next day I was questioning my judgment and my morals but what stood out was the physical pleasure it gave me. I stayed on this guilt trip for about a week or so but after about a month I started reliving that night again over and over in my head late at night when I was alone. Needless to say the excitement started to build up within me and my mind started to wonder and running wild. 

The excitement and thrill of doing something that is normally taboo, especially knowing that I shouldn't be doing it was an incredible and strange turn on. The feeling it gave me was very powerful. I remembered the first time I did this and how turned on I got when Kevin came into the room just as I was getting ready to get up and leave. He had only his white jockey shorts on with his bulging hard cock showing the outlined clearly through them. The more I thought about our erotic adventure together that night the more I wanted to experience it again; I feel it was more for the pure sex and pleasure than anything. 

I was not dating anyone and would get lonely very often as anyone would at the age of Twenty Five. I was working with a company that took me out of towm quite often. I had several functions including presenting office layout presentations and over seeing the on site installations. 

I was in Columbus, Ohio for one week working late each night to make sure the job would be completed by the deadline agreed to. However, by Thursday I was running a head of schedule and close to completion so I decided to call it a day at a normal time of 5:00 pm and went out to eat a good meal after a deserving hot shower. 

When I returned from dinner the sun was just going down and I headed to the outdoor pool at the Marriott where I was staying. No one was in the pool area except for me, which made it very nice and quite. There was a Jacuzzi tub next to the pool tucked away in a corner surrounded by small folage. I took advantage of the hot tub by relaxing and enjoying the jets pushing hot water onto the different parts of my body. As I enjoyed the powerful jets pulsating water onto my muscles I noticed a guy entering the pool area. I made him out to be about my age or just a bit younger. 

I started to get overheated so I got into the pool for a quick cooling off. Finding a chair at poolside I sat with the towel wrapped around me. Wanting to rest and close my eyes I found myself instead watching this guy as he got into the water because of how his short swim trunks hugged his body. I did not think anything about it until an urge came over me and the remembrance of that night at the hotel with Kevin enter my thoughts.

I started watching this guy as he swam up and down the length of the pool a few times. As he stopped on the other side and rested with his arms folded on the side of the pool looking out into the garden it was difficult for me to get the feeling of pleasure that I experienced two month earlier out of my mind. 

I struggled to get the picture of Kevin in the hotel room with his cock pressing against his white briefs off of my mind. This was not like me thinking of such actions with another male and made me feel strange. I was found myself getting aroused tying to think of something else. Finally after about ten minutes the lure was just too strong and I decided to get in the pool and join him. 

The thought of what I was about to do turned me on and really excited me. I was nervous and unsure having no idea what I was going to say or do but only new that I wanted to see if he was interested in exploring the same feelings and sensations that I was. 

Stepping into the pool I swam over to his side and began a conversation. I found out he was on business for a few days from North Carolina as a furniture rep. As we talked about business and sports I moved a little closer. Every so often I would go under water to get my head wet and as I did I would look over at his tight swim trunks hugging his firm ass. He had to notice what I was doing because he saw me move behind him slightly. 

After 30 minutes I gathering up enough nerve telling him the hot tub felt great and asked if he wanted to try it out. His reply was, "Sure why not!" We both walked over and stepped in the hot churning water and sat down across from each other. We started talking again about sports to make small talk as the sun had now disappeared and the pool lights were on. After a few minutes of just sitting with out any conversation I finally got up the nerve to move my leg over and touch his leg, not sure of what type of reaction I would get. To my surprise he didn't move away and of course I didn't either. 

My cock strated to get rock hard as the hot bubbling water covered half my body. I wondered what he may be thinking as my leg did not move. Not speaking a word a few more minutes went by in silence only the hum of the hot tub could be heard. I started to move my foot up to his thigh feeling the smoothness of his skin. But when I did this he abruptly told me that it was time for him to go. 

As he stood up and wrapped a towel around himself I could not help from noticing the large bulge from his cock showing through his swimming trunks. I told him that I would be here again tomorrow evening opening up an invitation to possibly come back. 

Soon after he left the pool area I went back to my room turned on and hard from the daring move I just made on this guy. I removed my swim trunks and lay down on the bed and immediately started to stroke my cock imagining what I would do to him if he would let me. I wanted to experience the feel of a hard cock in my mouth again, to relive the same first time experience I had with Kevin. I couldn't really understand what turned me on so much because I was not gay or bisexual. But the pure pleasure it gave me was very powerful and I wanted the touch of another body against mine. I knew being with another male wasn't right but that didn't help deflect my loneliness and lust at the time. 

The next day after work I ate a healthy dinner and headed to the pool. After about 30 minutes of reading the hotel newspaper I got up and sat in the hot tub, just as I did Steve (the guy I met the day before) walked in and said hello. This took me by surprise, he took off the towel that was wrapped around him and quickly got into the hot tub. Again it was clear that he had an erection because you could not hide that big cock with those tight swimming trunks. Needless to say I started to get hard and wasted no time in moving my leg to touch his just like the evening before. He did not move away from my touch and this gave me the OK sign to move forward. 

Extremely nervous and excited I told Steve that I was glad he came back, he did not say anything at first, and then he turned to look at me and said, "I knew that you would be here." I told him that his swim trunks didn't hide much as I stood up to sit next to him. With our bodies half way under the water I lifted my hand and reached over touching his inner thigh letting my hand go slowly down to feel his hard cock. Boldly but nervously I asked if he would like to join me in my room for some mutual fellowship. He shook his head yes and said softly, "I guess so." We both got up wrapped our towels around us and started for my room on the 3rd floor. 

I was very anxious about what was about to take place but knew he was feeling the same way too. trying to break the tension I told Steve that I was new to this and not sure where to start, he said nothing as we got off the elevator. Arriving at my door still dripping with water from the hot tub, I fumbled with my key and opened the door which seemed to take forever. We both walked in as I quickly closed the door getting another towel from the bathroom to dry off with. Steve just stood in side the door next to the recliner chair with his towel trying to dry off. 

I walked slowly over to him and asked if I could help, I was shaking and fearful not sure of what I was doing only knowing that I was very turned on. Slowly I started to press the towel to his chest and as I did he let his towel fall to the floor. I continued to dab at his chest, stomach and shoulders stepping slightly closer to him with each dab of the towel until finally we were inches apart. Looking into each others eyes for a few seconds I leaned in to kiss him gently but fully on the lips. He opened his mouth to meet mine and I felt his cock on my stomach as I pushed him against me. We stood there kissing each other for sever seconds.

My lust was uncontrollable; as we kissed and shared our tongues. I reached down to put my hands on his rounded ass pushing him even closer into me. Rubbing my cock on him I suggested we move next to the bed. As we did I removed my swim trunks stepping back letting them fall to the floor. My hard cock stood straight up as I did not take my eyes off Steve. Leaning in to Kiss him again I sat on the end of the bed and told Steve to now remove his swim trunks. As he tugged at his trunks I asked if he would go slowly and started to stroke my cock watching him undress.

His tan lines could clearly be seen, his cock was hard and longer than my own. I asked him if he had ever done anything like this and he said, "No but I often thought about it." I lay down on the bed telling him that I loved his body and asked if he would like to join me. He walked over and lay beside leaning over to kiss me deeply. I rolled over on top of him and began to kiss his face and neck as I rubbed my hard cock on his body. I too could feel his cock against me as we kissed for what seemed a few minutes. Then I whispered in his ear that I wanted to suck his cock and started kissing my way down his chest and stomach stopping to suck on his nipples. 

I reached out and wrapped my hand around his swollen manhood stroking it as I continued kissing my way down to his cock. When i arrived I stopped and looked at it opening my mouth lowering my head down to take him in. I moaned with pleasure as I took his cock in my mouth sucking him slowly up and down enjoying the feel of the hardness in my mouth. 

I felt his hand on top of my head as I moved in rhythm up and down engulfing his beautiful cock. Suddenly he stopped me explaining that he did not want to cum yet saying," I want to suck your cock now." I turned over and leaned back as he kissed his way down to my waiting cock. Steve took it in his hand and looked at it for a few seconds not moving a mussel then I whispered, "It's OK you'll like it, please suck my cock Steve." Slowly he put his lips on the head of my cock and started kissing it. 

Softly, I told him to go a head and open his mouth and take me in, as he did he I let out a moan felling his hot wet mouth encircle my cock and shaft was incredible. He moved slowly at first then started to move with passion making pure love to my cock. I began to gently thrust against his mouth as I tried to hold back from cuming finally asking him to stop because I too did not want to cum just yet. 

Putting my hands on his face I brought him up to mine and kissed him deeply both of us receiving each others tongues. I sat up and told him that I wanted to watch him stroke himself. Getting up I stood next to the bed as we watched each other rubbing our cocks. He watching me and I watching him as we both stroked faster and faster. He came first and then I did standing over him cuming on his chest.

I bent down to suck Steve's cock to receive some of his cum because I wanted to share it with him. Moving up to his face I kissed Steve as he stuck his tongue in my mouth to taste himself. I loved the feel of spreading his cum on our lips as we both tasted it and shared it together.

We laid next to each other for a while before the silence was broken. Steve rolled on top of me telling me he really enjoyed how I made him feel, kissed me and went directly for my cock. As he sucked on it I got hard again instantly, this time he sucked much harder and with more enthusiasm than before. While he was sucking me his hand went under my ass as he gently put his finger on my opening. Raising my leg I give him better access as he put his finger in me. 

Steve saw how much I enjoyed this and continued to move it in and out while licking and sucking my cock. I loved the feel it gave me and told him how good it felt. I asked him to stop for a minute as I got up to get some lotion. I rubbed some on his cock telling him I wanted to feel his cock inside me. Turning around I leaned down and got on my knees and elbows while keeping my ass up facing him. I felt his cock at my opening and spread my legs a bit to allow easier entry pushing my body back onto his cock. It hurt for a brief moment when he entered me but slid easily in as he continued to move forward. 

I remember Steve telling me he never felt anything so tight as he moaned and pumped a little faster. Soon I was pushing against his movement forward as he fucked me with a quicker and harder pace. 

I loved the feel of him moving in and out of me the heat and sensation is indescribable. Steve said he was about to cum and shot all over my back at the same time I came as I felt his hot liquid touch my skin. I fell forward, he fell to my left but laying slightly on top of me. He leaned in and kissed my check and worked his way around to my waiting lips as he continued to kiss me telling me how wonderful it felt to fuck me. I told him he would be surprised how good it feels. 

After resting for a few minutes it was now getting late and Steve put his trunks back on with a towel wrapped around him. As he was leaving he walked over to me and french kissed me. I received his tongue in my mouth and he hugged me saying thanks. I often think about these two events. These are my secret adventures and had no more experience since that time, except one more meeting with Kevin. The biggest turn on would be having that 3rd person with me, which hopefully would be you my future wife.