 Billy was pushing hard with his lips outstretched and reaching as far as possible. He strained his neck forward moving in a slight spiral and outstretched his tongue to make even more room. There was a warm slime going down his throat and he tasted pubic skin and smelled musky sex. Pubic hair tickled his nose and light mustache. Swiping his tongue outward he got the sexy taste of the balls and felt ball hairs across his tongue. He wanted to reach behind the balls but his tongue was not long enough. There was a hand on the back of his head pushing him. Billy made swallowing motions with his throat massaging and squeezing the big cock. It was pulsing and he felt another warm jet of slime. It felt good. It was fascinating how well he liked it.

In his sleep he made gurgling like sounds as he dreamed of slurping it in and out. "More, give me cum!" he vocalized in his sleep. "Hmm" he said as he dreamed of tasting the cum that came across his tongue."

Billy woke up with a start. He had been dreaming and when he woke up his neck was outstretched with his mouth pulled forward and his lips stretched forward out in a big circle with his tongue laid out as if he was tasting balls. He realized he had just had a very realistic dream of deep throating a big cock all the way down to the widening base with pubic hair tickling his nose and he was licking the balls. The taste of the cock and balls seemed real and there seemed to be a taste of cum on his tongue as if a string of cum had trailed out of his throat when the cock was withdrawn to the head. For a moment he had a vision and a taste of licking the pee hole slot. 

He shook off the dream and stretched as he got out of bed. Going into the kitchen he poured a glass of sweet tea and got a bagel. Remembering he was going to get an early start on the day and go pick up his friend Ricky, Billy finished his light breakfast and headed to the shower. After the shower he called his friend.

Ricky was already up and enjoying the beautiful day on his patio, when the phone rang. Answering the iphone he said, "Hello."

"This is Billy, are you ready to go to Larry's to check out his equipment?" They were going to look at a guitar amplifier Larry has for sale.

"Sure, come on over," Ricky answered.

As he drove over to Ricky's, Billy day dreamed a strange thought of sucking balls and licking all around the perineum of the cock that was in his dreams overnight. Perineum skin tasted exotic and the texture and feel on his tongue was from the smooth center part to the wrinkly edges of the ball sack and to the clean brown anal wrinkles, the feel of the tiny hairs tickling his sensitive tongue to the taste and firmness of the cheeks. "That's interesting," he said out loud.

Arriving at Ricky's they greeted and Billy came inside for a minute. They went out to the patio and looked out across a field to the hills and colorful morning sky lighting up. There was an enjoyable breeze that tantalized and enlivened one's feeling of enjoying nature and life.

Soon they got into the car for Larry's.

Catching his eye from the side, Ricky noticed that Billy had a semi hard on and just attributed it to a morning wood.

Soon they arrived at Larry's place, and knocked on the door. 

Larry said, "Come in."

They walked in the door and Larry said, "Good morning." When their eyes adjusted Ricky thought Larry was not dressed yet because he was wearing a men's thong.

Billy volunteered, "Beautiful morning isn't it?"

Larry replied, "Yes."

Ricky said, "Gorgeous," as he realized his eyes were trapped looking at Larry's thong which could pass for a revealing G-string.

"The equipment is over here," Larry indicated behind him. Again Ricky tried to look behind Larry but his eyes landed on Larry's crotch again.

"Here let's start the day out right," Larry said as he lit a joint and started to pass it around. "Panama Red," he proudly announced the type of pot with a grin.

Soon they were all in good humor. Ricky was a bit naïve about drugs but he enjoyed his friends here.

Larry brought out a substance that they all took turns snorting. Very soon Ricky felt intense euphoria and was totally uninhibited.

Every time Larry brought over another hit where Ricky was sitting, Larry's crotch was practically in his face. Ricky intensely noticed the bright cherry red seams of Larry's thong that enhanced the bulge of his cock and balls. The pouch was of shimmering and stretchy white see through silk. 

Larry broke the concentration briefly, "Do you like how it looks?"

Ricky said, "Yeah, it stands out."

Larry said, "The pouch is scented, go ahead and smell of it, take your time."

Ricky leaned forward slightly as Larry was practically rubbing it in his face. He put his nose along Larry's shaft. Ricky was so stoned already he was taking in the sight, color, and smell without any embarrassment. Ricky was sniffing all up and down the shaft and then sniffed the balls. The thong was smooth and smelled good.

Billy was watching with a big euphoric grin. 

Larry said, "Let me get another hit for you," as he turned his butt cheek came across Ricky's lips and nose. Reflexively he took a lick and marveled at the taste, and he could see the thong deeply in Larry's ass crack. He licked the inside cheeks giving tiny skin sucks for a minute until Larry turned around again.

Larry said, "I was going to let you lick my cock but I might have changed my mind."

Ricky groaned in disappointment. He hadn't even been given a chance to decide.

Larry said, "Ok, I will let you lick the top, but just for a minute. Better get it before I change my mind." He pulled the band of his thong and let the top of his cock out.

Ricky was now looking at a magnificent cock head. Not wasting time he started to lick it, and noticed it was getting harder and longer. As he licked he got a taste of pre cum for the first time. He kept licking the pee hole, and swiveled his mouth on the cock head closing his lips around the flange. Without knowing why he kept licking.

Larry pulled his thong down some more. "Lick further down, and feel my balls."

Ricky licked the shaft up and down and around all sides. He licked all around the base of the shaft feeling the tufts of public hair tickling his tongue. He took one ball in his mouth and before he wet it too much he could feel the ball hairs tickling his mouth all around. He sucked both balls.

Larry said lick all the way back between the balls, as he lifted a leg to the couch arm. 

Hungrily Ricky licked all the way back behind the balls getting tickled by the tufts of pubic hair behind the balls, licking the smooth spot and all the way back to the brown wrinkles. Larry was clean and Ricky was licking the asshole before he knew it. 

Suddenly Larry pulled Ricky's head up, pushed his cock in his mouth and held it there.

Ricky could feel the cock was much stiffer and tasted good. He was smelling the cock skin when he felt it tighten and expand. Larry held Ricky's head in place and his cock started jerking hard. Ricky felt splashes of cum in the back of his mouth and as Larry moved it around, several spurts of cum went into his cheeks and all over his tongue. This was his first taste of cum and he really didn't know how all this happened. Euphorically he tasted the cum. It was good and it melted in his mouth.

"Clean it," Larry said.

Obediently, Ricky licked every bit of it clean, enjoying the taste and smell with the colorful thong beneath. As Larry turned he licked the ass cheeks and noticed an enticing smell of cologne. Larry kissed the thong band all the way from the waist line below the asshole. Both his cheeks rubbed gently along both ass cheeks.

Billy had a video recording going on with his iphone. 

Larry shared another hit with his friends.

Billy was stoned and all grins. Larry stood Ricky up and loosened his pants buckle. "Billy pull his pants down so we can see what he's got."

Billy with a grin started unzipping Ricky's pants, and started to pull them down letting his hands glide over the butt cheeks as he did it, with the video capturing it all. He pulled the pants down all the way to the ankles but not off. He started to pull down the underwear also but took a minute to smooth out the underwear, and feel the firm cheeks. "Nice and soft," he remarked. He freed the top of Ricky's cock from the band and slowly drew the underwear down. He cupped the balls as if he needed to steady the front of the underwear as he slid down the back. 

Once exposed, he played with the soft ass cheeks. He took the liberty to lick and kiss the soft ass all up and down the cheeks, crack, and sides. The video captured the softness as the cheeks were kneaded. 

"Awesome butt," remarked Larry, "and so cute."

Larry laid Ricky over the arm of the sofa. Ricky complied as if under a spell.

"Lay still and relax," Larry said as he massaged Ricky's ass. From the coffee table he grabbed a small container of personal lube and applied some to Ricky's asshole. He massaged some more lube into the asshole with one finger and eventually two, turning and stretching the hole.

Soon, Larry was pushing his cockhead against the asshole, while Billy got it on video. Ricky was getting his anal cherry taken, on video! Very slowly and with gentle pressure Larry kept working his cock head into the asshole, and eventually started pushing the shaft in. 

Billy watched as soon Larry's stomach was spanking against Ricky's ass. Billy captured the sound and action on video, and then captured Larry's balls smacking against Ricky's.

Without coming to a climax, Larry pulled out showing the gaping asshole and motioned for Billy to get some.

Billy had already taken his pants off and had been stroking his cock. He walked up and put a small amount of lube on his cock, and some more in Ricky's asshole he started to slowly push his cock in. He was about half way in when he felt a cool sensation on his asshole as Larry put some lube on it and then stuck is already lubed cock into Billy's ass but just far enough to massage the prostate before plunging the rest of the way in. 

The prostate stimulation made Billy cum hard, and at the same time Larry had thrust all the way in and was cumming in Billy's ass.

"Wow!" said Billy.

Larry groaned loudly.

As they started to relax and Larry's and Billy's cocks slipped out at the same time, Larry told Ricky to stand up, and told Billy to sit on the sofa. Ricky was the only one who had not cum yet. Ricky's cock was now in Billy's face. Ricky had never had anyone suck him off. Now Ricky was uninhibited from the drugs, and said, "Suck it!"

Billy taken by surprise opened his mouth. As the cock slid in and out violently for a minute Billy noticed it was getting harder. It tasted good. Then Ricky slowed it down enjoying the sensation, trying to hold back, and could feel Billy's breath on it. His balls were banging on Billy's chin and it felt so good. It felt so good he was about to cum. But he slowed the motions to feel it longer. He grabbed the back of Billy's head and pulled hard and he flexed and at the same time, Billy grabbed Ricky's ass cheeks. "Aughhh," Ricky exploded cum into Billy's mouth and throat in multiple gushes. He kept holding Billy's face in place until he was almost entirely limp.

Billy kept tasting Ricky's cum and cock.

Later they had cleaned up and took Ricky's amplifier home. They decided to go to Sammy's place. 

When they came in Sammy lit up some pot and they smoked and relaxed with grins and friendship. 

Somehow they started talking about their experience at Larry's and his thong underwear. 

Sammy asked Billy, "Aren't you wearing panties today? Let's see them."

Billy dropped his pants showing some bight pink panties, and Ricky looked on with a grin. 

Ricky talked about his encounter confessing, "I was looking at the thong enhancing his package when before I knew it, his cock was in my mouth, and I swallowed his cum." Ricky confessed to enjoying the taste of cum and the cock sucking.

Sammy said, "Why don't you guys get naked and lay in a sixty nine position?"

They were still pretty high and uninhibited. Soon Billy was laying over the top of Ricky. They took each other's cock in their mouth. 

Sammy noticed Billy's asshole was getting a little oval in shape, and Ricky's was still round and just a little open as he bent over.

Sammy said, "Grab his ass, all the harder as you want him to push your head down harder."

Billy loved the feel of Ricky's soft ass cheeks, and squeezed them as he plunged his mouth up and down. He felt Ricky's hand on the back of his head, and he felt his cock in Ricky's warm mouth. As he sucked Ricky's cock, Billy began to squeeze Ricky's ass cheeks the harder he wanted Ricky to push on his head. Soon he felt Ricky's cock head start to slide into his throat. With a slight amount of gagging he kept this up, keeping the cock wet with saliva. Soon the head of the cock started into his throat. He knew if the head went in, then soon the shaft could go in.

They kept this enjoyment up, trying to keep each other at the same pace. Soon Ricky felt Billy squeezing his butt cheeks very hard and so he pushed Billy's head harder, and soon he realized Billy's face was all the way down to his pubic hair. Suddenly Ricky clinched his ass cheeks hard and flexed his entire body and shot a hot load of cum directly into Billy's throat.

They both came about the same time and they both swallowed and kept the cocks in their mouths for several minutes, feeling off their crotches, cheeks, and genitals. 

When they both sat up, they said together, "That was awesome," and they both laughed.

Sammy saved the video file with a back up.

The next day Ricky told his friend Donnie about the enhancing men's thong. Donnie seemed fascinated about it, including the colors, silky feeling, and the scent.

*****

See also "Confession Ch. 01: First Time Swallow"; "Dreaming of the first taste of cum".

See my other listings under Alluring_Crimson_Shifter, enjoy!