 Part 1: Sins

I was feeling extremely horny and I needed some dick and I needed it bad! Visiting my folks is great, but I really couldn't party like I do back home. My life style would blow their minds and I can hear my mother pleading for me to change and to go to church and confess my sins and blah, blah, blah. My thoughts are broken as mom enters my childhood bedroom.

"Are you going to church tomorrow with us?" she asks holding onto the doorknob.

I sit up on my bed and answer, "Sure ma."

"Well then you better get to confession if you want to-"

"I will, I will ma." Cutting her off. "At what time does it start?"

She looks down at her watch and informs me, "You better get going now young man, confession ends in thirty minutes."

"Ok ma, I'm going." I sit up and swing my feet over the edge of the bed and put my sneakers on. I rise from the bed and walk out the bedroom and head upstairs to the kitchen. "Where are the keys?" I see them on the table and, "Never mind. I found them. I'll be back in a bit."

I drive to the church that I'd been going to since I was a kid. It still looks the same with its imposing steeple that's casting a long shadow across the parking lot where I drive my mother's beat up car too. I look around and see that the lot is pretty empty and think not many people here to confess their sins. Heck, maybe I'm the only one who needs to spill my guts. Yeah, but am I going to tell the priest? Hey I love to suck dick and take it in my ass. I chuckle to myself as I head into the church through its majestic stained glass doors. I wonder if the same priest is here when I was a kid. Probably not, they stay for a while until the church tells them they have to go somewhere else. I look and see that there are a few new priests as indicated by their hanging pictures. I see that Father Karras is the man of the cloth on duty and head toward the confessionals. 

I arrive at the confessionals in time to see an elderly lady enter into the one on the left. The middle door is where Fr. Karras is sitting. I see the red light illuminate above the door where the elderly lady entered. From the red light that just turned on I know that the elderly woman is kneeling. I chuckle softly thinking to myself, red light. I look above the door that's on the right side and see that the light is not on. I approach it and knock, but no one's inside. I step into the dark cubicle. I kneel on the pew that's next to a latticed window. 

I think to myself, what in the heck do I say? Do I tell him I'm promiscuous? I've been sexually active with women and men? What if he knows my folks and decided to tell them? Shit! I couldn't do that to my folks. I start to rise when the small window is opened on the other side and I hear Fr. Karras' voice in a low mumble. I quickly kneel back down and draw a blank as what to say.

"Yes? Is anyone there?" Fr. Karras asks.

I clear my throat and open my mouth and begin to babble, "Uhm," I clear my throat again and try once more, "Uhm Father forgive me, it's been a very long time since I've been to confession. I don't remember exactly what to say. Uhm, sorry."

"It's alright my son." His voice is soothing and sexy. I near my face to the latticed window and attempt to get a better look at him. Not bad looking, not at all like in his picture. Fr. Karras is an older man in his mid fifties, thin build, and dark hair with flecks of grey near his temples. The cogs in my head start turning.

"Oh father!" I say in a voice full of desperation. 

"Yes? What is it?" he asks concerned.

"Oh never mind. I don't know what I'm doing here. I shouldn't be here." I get up to leave.

"Now hold on child. Tell me what's the problem." His voice was really warm and inviting. "Maybe I can help you, but you have to tell me what's the matter?"

I kneel back down and say almost sobbing, "Oh father I don't know where to start?" 

"How about from the beginning my son?"

"I-I'm so ashamed of what happened."

"What my son, tell me." 

"I had sexual relations with a married…" I let my voice trail off.

He perks up in his seat a bit and asks, "You mean you committed adultery?"

"Yes father," I whisper ashamed. "I don't know what else to say about it."

"You must tell me everything my son." He announces as he leans a bit closer to the window.

"Every-thing? Are you sure father?" I sound shocked. 

"My son if you feel ashamed then must at least tell me as much as you can." He says in that soothing voice, "Who is she?"

"My boss and…" I hold my breath.

"Yes?"

"My boss is a…a man father."

I can see that Fr. Karras is a bit uncomfortable on his side of the confessional and shifts in his seat. "I see." He says after a long pause then cautiously, "Go on."

"I was recently hired as a temp to his company as his secretary, since his full time secretary was out on sick leave for a few weeks." I swallowed hard and continued, "He was a very kind and gentle man and was very personable with me. Let me have a long lunches, didn't overload me with work and stuff like that, you know?"

"So, how did it happen?" he asks sounding a slight bit impatient. "There in his place of business?"

"Oh no father!" I sounded full of eagerness, "It was at his house and a beautiful house it is."

"How did you end up at his house? I thought you said he was married?"

"Oh but he is father. But when he invited me over, his wife was out of town for the weekend."

"I see. Please continue."

"Well, when I got there I couldn't help notice how good looking he was, especially in his shorts and no shirt."

"What does he look like?"

"Well, he's a bit taller than I am, with a slender build, mid fifties I guess with salt and pepper hair, I mean my god, he's a very sexy man and thought how lucky his wife is."

"Are you or were you already having sex with men?"

"Oh no father! No! I just thought he was a good looking guy, that's all."

"I see, please continue."

"Well, he leads me through the house and into the backyard where we sat down at the patio table. He offered me a beer that he had in a large cooler full of ice on the deck of the Jacuzzi."

"Then it happened?"

"Well that's when it started to happen, actually after the second beer."

"What did you do?" he shifts in his seat again.

"Well, it started when he tossed me another beer and took off his shorts."

"Was he naked?" Fr. Karras asked a bit quickly.

"No, he had on a pair of teal colored Speedos and that's when I noticed uhm, the outline of his cock and how sexy it looked."

Fr. Karras moves his hand over his crotch. "And? Did you join him in the hot tub?"

"I told him I didn't bring any swimwear with me."

"And what did he say?" that eagerness in his voice returned.

"He just laughed and said, 'so what? Take your clothes off and jump in, I don't mind'"

"And? Did you?"

"Oh no father! I was a bit embarrassed and declined his offer. That's when he stood up in the hot tub and pulled his Speedos off."

"Oh my! And then what happened?" 

"He said to me, 'See? Now you don't have to feel like the odd man out.' And he just stayed standing up father! I tried, oh dear god I tried to look away but I couldn't!" I started to sound desperate again and, "But it was hard father, very hard!"

"What? His cock? Is he large, uhm a well endowed man?"

I smile to myself on my side of the confessional and think, hook, line and sinker! "No he wasn't hard, but he did have a big dick!" I can see Fr. Karras clutch his meat through his cassock. "I just stood there gawking!"

"So then what happened?" he asks as he starts to rub his cock.

"Well he's smiling widely at me as I look up. Finally, he says, 'Are you gonna get in or just stand there?'" I clear my throat for effect, "So I started to get undressed and realized I was semi erect, so I turned away from him so he wouldn't see it." I clear my throat again and continue. "I get undressed, climb the steps and walk up onto the deck and tried to quickly slip into the Jacuzzi."

"Did he notice your erection?" 

I can see that Fr. Karras is working on a very nice erection himself to which I answer, "Before I sat down, he grabbed onto my cock and asked, 'what's this from?' Oh god father I was so embarrassed!"

"Did he suck it?" he asks as I watch him unbutton his cassock near his crotch area and reach in and under his underwear.

"Oh no father. I remember mumbling out that I didn't know why my cock was hard. He let it go and I slipped down into the hot tub just as he started to stand up saying, 'Oh I think you do. Is it because of this?'"

"Because of what?" Fr. Karras quickly pulls his cock out of his underwear and through the gap in his cassock where he unbuttoned it. He's stroking his cock.

"Oh my father!" I say sexily staring at his cock through the latticed window, "he was already erect! I-I couldn't believe it, how long and thick it looked! I was mesmerized and just couldn't take my eyes off it!" I watch Fr. Karras as he jerks his gorgeous cock.

"Then what happened my son?" he asks whispering heavily.

"I just kept staring at his huge erection and my own cock was very hard and I nearly grabbed onto it when he made his cock bounce up and down."

"Oh god!" Fr. Karras moans out.

"That's when he took a step towards me and placed his hand on my shoulder, then slid it up to the back of my neck and started gently massaging me. He said, 'You know you want to suck it, don't you?' I couldn't respond father but I knew that I did want to put it in my mouth and suck it and lick it and gobble it down! Yes! I admit it! I did and wanted it with a burning passion!"

Fr. Karras is silently jerking his cock when he finally says, "Please, my son. Go-go on." He quickly turned his head when he heard me open the door to his cubicle. "Oh! What are you doing? You're not supposed to be in here!" he stammers as he tried to conceal his cock from me.

I place my finger to my lips, "Shhh, father please." I close the door to the cubicle and get on my knees before him looking innocently and saying, "Fr. Karras, I feel if I showed you what I did with my boss, you may give me a proper absolution." 

He silently nods in agreement.

"Well, he placed his hand on the back of my head like this," I grabbed his hand and placed it on the back of my head. "Then he gently pulls my head closer towards his erection." Fr. Karras does what I told him my boss did.

"Then I grabbed his cock like this," I firmly grip Fr. Karras' hard cock and "then I took him in my mouth like this." I swallowed his cock deep, he moaned out and bucked in his seat a bit.

I bobbed up and down on Fr. Karras's cock slowly and smoothly getting it very wet from my saliva before pulling it out and saying, "And when it wasn't in my mouth I did this." I skillfully jerked his cock, causing him to breath harder. "But I also did this when I was stroking him," and I quickly gobbled his cock head into my mouth and sucked hard. "And then this too," I swirled my tongue on his cock head, bobbed up and down on it and then swirled my tongue some more.

Fr. Karras jerks a bit out of his seat. Beads of sweat begin to form on his brow as my mouth continues working on his cock. He is about to ask a question when I surprised him and swallowed his cock all the way down. His hand was firmly planted on the back of my head. "Oh dear god!" was all he could muster in a breathless whisper.

I slide my mouth up along his shaft and then quickly back down again. I stick my tongue out and lap on his heavy, cum filled balls. I slide my mouth slowly; teasingly back up along his shaft again. I grab his cock and start stroking him again. "Then I did this as well, father." I wrapped my lips on the outside of his shaft and slid my lips up and down it, staring into his eyes. He was melting and I knew he was ready to orgasm. Keeping my eyes on his I slid my mouth down onto his hairy balls and started to suck on one and then the other. I finished sampling his balls and then started to slide my tongue back up on the thick vein of his shaft. I quickly swallowed his cock all the way down again grinding my face against his abdomen.

He came with a good portion of his cock in my mouth and down my throat. I could feel his cock twitching inside my throat with each spurt. I slowly slid my mouth back up and felt another hot thick glob enter the back of my throat. His cock was covered in a thick layer of his semen and my saliva. I swallowed it again, slowly bobbing on it, eliciting trembles from his legs and body.

"And that's how some of it happened father." I said looking at him with a bit of the semen and saliva mixture on my lips.

"Some of it? What are you saying my dear boy? Is there more?" he asks puzzled.

"Oh much more father!" I say as if I don't believe it myself. "Will you help me?"

Fr. Karras ponders as he studies the look on my face that tells him I'm sincere. He nods and says, "How do you feel about one on one counseling?" he can tell that I'm not comfortable with the idea but put my mind at ease, "Just you and me. Alone in my office."

My eyes light up, "Really, just the two of us and no one else?" I look down and pout a bit, "Do you promise father?"

"I promise. We don't need this getting out. It's going to be a very long and hard road ahead of us, many long nights but we'll do it together."