 I am a cock and cum slut. I truly mean that. I cannot get enough of men's cock. Morning, noon, and night, I love servicing hard, throbbing, dripping cocks, and feeling them fuck my throat until they shoot their warm creamy loads down my eager, waiting gullet. Of course, it is no surprise that this overwhelming desire makes me naturally submissive. Over the years, I've come to find that given a dominant enough man, I will do anything.

Enter the man I call Uncle Bob. He's in his late 30's, but a total hunk. He is tall, 6'4, 185 pounds of solid muscle, and a light smattering of hair on his body, with a neatly shaved head and face. He is also the proud owner of a beautiful 9 inch, cut cock. I've known Uncle Bob for a good seven years. He's been my steady fuck bud and Sir, and really introduced me to my submissive side.

In contrast, I, Ryan, am 25, 6'1, 145 pounds, slim, fit, and shaved from the neck down. Uncle Bob calls me pup, and it drives me crazy for him. Uncle Bob's teachings over the last seven years introduced me to everything from face fucking to bondage, to anal and oral gang bangs. I am proud to have received such instruction from him.

Recently, we've talked about indulging one fantasy that either of us has kept for a while. Uncle Bob and a few of his friends in the local BDSM community have been wanting to experiment with training a human urinal. Here begins our story.

It was a relatively quiet Wednesday around town, and being my day off work, I was bored and looking for some cock to suck. About 2pm my phone rang.

"Hello?"

"Hey pup, what are you up to?"

"Good afternoon Uncle Bob, I am just looking for a cock or two. What is going on," I replied, knowing that would very quickly get Uncle Bob's cock aroused.

Uncle Bob laughed on the other end, "Haha, horny pup. I've got a hard cock with your name on it. Come and get it."

"Yes Sir, I'll be right over!" I hung up the phone, threw on some causal clothes, a pair of shorts and a tee shirt, and jumped in the car.

A short drive later and I was at Uncle Bob's house. He kept a nicely maintained single story home just outside of town. The house sat on a small acreage, giving it enough privacy for him to do as he pleased.

Walking up to the door, Uncle Bob opened it up before I even reached for the knob. He stood there, stark naked, his beautiful body for me to see.

"I've been waiting, pup," he said, motioning to his rock hard cock. "Come inside."

I didn't have to say a word, once inside, I dropped to my knees, not even waiting for the door to close, and took that sweet, man-cock into my cocksucking mouth.

"Mmmm, nice boy," Uncle Bob moaned as his dick reached the back of my throat and pushed its way down. "I love this throat."

He slid his cock in and out in well-practiced motions. Each thrust went deeper into my mouth and filled my throat to capacity. He kept his hands on either side of my head, holding me in place as he picked up speed. I was in heaven. The speed and force of his thrusts made me feel so used and so much like a slut. The mere thought of this made my own cock twitch and drip precum.

I could tell Uncle Bob was getting close. He was definitely horny today, and by the sounds of his grunts, he was getting ready to cum.

"You ready pup," he asked between grunts.

I replied with a muffled grunt.

"Good pup, I've got a big load for you." His pace quickened, his hands tightening around my head. Just a few more thrusts and I felt his cock twitch. The first blast hit the back of my throat and I began to swallow. But just as I started to get another delicious squirt of cum, Uncle Bob pulled his cock from my mouth. I automatically whimpered in protest. My disappointment faded fast, as soon as the next several spurts coated my boyish face. Uncle Bob kept this up, trading between my open mouth and face for several minutes, until every last drop of his cum was spent.

"There's a pretty sight, a cum-covered pup." He said, pulling out his digital camera and snapping a few photos.

"Thank you, Uncle Bob," I said, as he scooped his still warm cum into my open mouth.

Once he had me cleaned up, he asked me to take a seat in one of the chairs in his living room.

"Pup, there's something I want to discuss with you."

"Yes Uncle Bob."

He had a serious look on his face, but at the same time I could tell it was a good type of serious, nothing terrible was coming my way.

"I've been talking with a few of my friends, and we have a question for you."

I gave him a puzzled look. "Yes, Sir?"

"Now, you don't have to say yes, but I think you will once I explain everything. We would like to train a boy to take not just cum, but also piss. You know, watersports."

I gave a slight smile, "Go on, Uncle Bob."

"In particular, we'd like to train you to be our urinal from time to time...our cum and piss urinal."

Just the idea made my cock rock hard and beg for release. I had mentioned to Unlce Bob a while ago I had a fantasy about totally servicing men's cocks, not just cum but piss as well.

"Uncle Bob..." he cut me off.

"Just listen to everything first."

I nodded in reply.

"What we'd like to do is start by training you for a few days in a private home setting, and then, once ready, 'install' you down at my friend Jon's sports bar for a party or two. We'd make this a regular monthly servicing, with you spending one or two days drinking down all the cum and piss the guys offer you. This will be total objectification, humiliation, and turning you into a piss slave for the days you're there. What do you say?"

I couldn't hide the smile to save my life. "Absolutely Uncle Bob, when do we start?" I was so horny and eager to do this, I could hardly contain myself.

"Let's start today. We'll take a trip to the adult superstore downtown and get a few things. Then tomorrow, we'll start your official training."

We drove down to the store, with me asking all about the "installation" and situation. Uncle Bob assured me all the questions would be answered during training. At the store, Uncle Bob had me try on various hoods and gags, all designed for watersports and piss play. We finally settled on two models, a vinyl funnel gag, and a latex urinal hood. The funnel gag strapped around my forehead and chin, pushing a mouth piece well inside my mouth, hooked to a funnel. The urinal hood fully enveloped my head in a water tight seal. It had clear eye holes and two nose holes for me to breathe through, but pushed a short, round tube into my mouth, as part of a duck-shaped mouth piece. With both designs, I had no choice but to swallow whatever liquid entered the gag.

After a long and restless night, as I was too excited to sleep, I drove over to Uncle Bob's first thing in the morning. As with every time I visited, I immediately serviced his beautiful cock and drank down his cum. But, instead of leaving, as usual, we prepared for my first day of urinal training.

"Okay pup, here's how we begin," Uncle Bob said, laying out various toys and restraints. We had moved from the living room into his back playroom. It was one of the spare bedrooms, but outfitted as a dungeon. He had mats on the floors with drains, and tons of fetish and kink accessories. "You're going to be in the rubber suit, as a urinal doesn't need clothes, and since this is new, we think it's best to keep you well restrained."

"Of course Uncle Bob, whatever you decide is best," I replied.

Uncle Bob scooped up my already discarded clothes and placed them in a box for safe keeping. He picked up a full body rubber suit and helped me into it. This particular model had an external sheath for my penis, with a rubber hose tip that allowed my piss to flow out of it unhindered. There was a zippered opening at the back, right around my asshole, to allow anyone to play with my hole. Once in the suit, a rubber collar and restraints were locked around my neck, wrists, and ankles.

"How do you feel pup?" Uncle Bob asked, staring down at me. I could tell he liked what he saw as his cock was rock hard.

"I feel very good, Sir," I replied. "I feel like I am becoming an anonymous play toy." My cock jumped in the rubber sheath. I was turned on by this as well.

Uncle Bob gave a short laugh. "That's good pup. Now that you're in proper attire, we're going to talk about your training sessions, before we get to any actual training."

"First day of training will be relatively easy, pup. You and I will piss in a gallon jug, and then I'll dilute the urine down with water. I'll then pour this into either gag and have you swallow it. Since we're looking at a total transformation here, we're going to have a few more modifications. You are no longer Ryan or even a pup, you are a urinal. Your throat and stomach are plumbing, and your cock is now the urinal drain. It is connected to another gallon jug where everything will be collected and recycled. Do you understand?"

"Yes Sir," I said. The idea of a total transformation into a urinal had me so hard it hurt.

"One more thing, we are going to install a flush mechanism in you," he picked up a large butt plug. "This will be the internal flush and this," he picked up the remote, "will be the flush lever."

Uncle Bob lubed up the plug and pushed it deep inside my tight boy hole. It was large enough to not slip out. He pushed the on button on the control, sending a serious of strong vibrating pulses up inside me. I moaned in pleasure feeling the plug pulsate inside me.

Satisfied that everything was working, Uncle Bob picked up the first toy, the funnel gag. "This one," he said, "will be for when you are used out doors or outside a bathroom. I even modified it." He showed me the control valve he added. "This way we can adjust the flow of urine into the plumbing."

I nodded to him that I understood, and then he strapped the gag in place. It fit so well in my mouth and around my head. I moaned in pleasure. "Good urinal," Uncle Bob said, as he began securing me to the post in the play room. My hands and ankles were tied so they wouldn't move, and just enough pressure was on the plug to really make me feel full. He also strapped my head to the post, keeping the funnel level.

"Today's training will be a four hour session," Uncle Bob told me, smiling down at me, snapping a few pictures to add to our collection.

With the camera tucked away, he attached the jug to the rubber tubing extending from my cock sheath, or urinal drain. "Go ahead and empty out the plumbing, urinal." And empty I did. Uncle Bob had me drink down 2-3 litres of water before coming over, and I was really full. Once the sensation of pissing started, it felt so good and I could feel the jug filling up at the other end. When I finished emptying my plumbing, Uncle Bob added extra water to the jug, further diluting my piss.

Next, he emptied his bladder into another gallon jug, just watching the stream of urine flow from his beautiful cock made me ache with desire. As with my own urine, he diluted his with water. "Ready for this, urinal?" he asked.

I grunted in reply.

Stepping up to me, he attached a third jug to my urinal drain, before pouring one of the other jugs down the funnel. At first it was difficult to keep up with the flow and I almost choked, but once Uncle Bob adjusted the flow, it felt so natural, and made me so horny. I could taste the piss and water and didn't find it at all displeasing.

Over the next two hours, Uncle Bob kept emptying the two full jugs of piss down the funnel. As the jugs emptied, I kept a steady flow of urine pouring out of my drain. When one jug was empty, and the one attached to my drain full, Uncle Bob would recycle the liquid. From time to time, he would adjust the flow rate making it easier or harder for me to keep up with the piss going down my throat. At random points, he would hit the flush button, sending pulsing waves of vibrations through my ass, encouraging me to swallow.

After two hours, Uncle Bob let me empty my plumbing and held off on having me swallow and recycle the urine. He unstrapped my head, the funnel, and then stepped up to me. His cock was rock hard. After swallowing all that piss, I was hungry for cock and cum. I opened my mouth and took him down my throat. I worked his cock long and hard, savouring its flavour and enjoying every moment it was in my mouth. When Uncle Bob came, he grabbed my head and shoved his cock all the way in, forcing his cum down my gullet.

"Thank you, Uncle Bob," I said when he pulled out of my mouth.

"That was great, urinal. You're going to make a great service piece for Jon's bar."

I smiled up at him.

"I think it's time to try out the urinal hood." Uncle Bob picked up the full head hood and brought it over to me. "This will be for service inside when you are 'installed' in the bathroom at Jon's."

He slipped the hood over my head and secured it in place. However, Uncle Bob did not secure my head. I could see out of the eye holes, but my vision was limited. He picked up a box and brought it over. Opening the box, he pulled out a plastic urinal stall, like the ones in a typical men's room. But this one was different. It looked like it had an opening in it to fit a person's head, and had extra plumbing attached to it.

"This is the same stall as in Jon's bar. We have made a watertight seal for around you head. Guys will come up, piss or cum all over the hood, and what doesn't fall into your plumbing, will be pumped back up and fed to you when they hit the flush button." 

I could only moan in pleasure and desire. This was fulfilling every fantasy I had.

Uncle Bob finished installing me into the urinal and then we began our second half of training. Just as with the first two hours, I spent this part swallowing and recycling urine constantly.

Day one of training ended like it began, with me swallowing another creamy load of cum from Uncle Bob's cock. Tomorrow, he told me, would be a longer session. Eventually, by day 4 of in home training, I would be spending 12 hours as a urinal. Day 5, he had a party planned, and I would spend all day serving as the urinal. I would then be taken over to Jon's bar for some on the job training, with another party or two, before I began my twice monthly duties as Jon's full service urinal.

Days two, three, and four, passed by and were even better than day one. I spent more and more time each day locked in the rubber suit and installed in the urinals. At the end of day two, Uncle Bob stopped diluting the urine being fed into my plumbing. Instead, he pissed directly into the funnel, and kept my jug full before recycling it back into me. I spent day three and day four fully immersed in the rubber suit and urinals. To make me pass more urine, Uncle Bob attached a whole pump system to my urinal drain and the jug had a hose attached to it to increase the amount of water. I was constantly recycling my own urine. When I wasn't swallowing and recycling my own, Uncle Bob was filling my plumbing with his own piss and cum. He even invited over a few friends to use me as well. They all commented on how good I looked encased in rubber and turned into a urinal.

Day five arrived and I was promptly at Uncle Bob's house. He put me in the rubber suit and placed me in the proper position outside for use at his party. Per his instructions, I drank 3 litres of water the night before and early that morning, and my bladder was about to burst. He told me I couldn't empty my plumbing until the first patron of the day walked up to use me. This way, Uncle Bob said, I would be primed and ready to go. As a final touch, he placed a blindfold on me, and then attached the funnel gag and urine jug, complete with pumping system.

The party got underway shortly after Uncle Bob finished installing me for the day. My bladder was screaming for release, but I kept holding it back. Finally, one of the men at the party approached, and I heard his zipper open and then heard and tasted the steady flow of piss into the funnel. I had an immediate release of piss from my bladder, the system was primed and working well. When patron number one was done pissing, he hit the flush button. Not only did it make me swallow the remainder of his urine in the funnel, but it started the pump, forcing my own urine out of the jug and back down my plumbing.

The party passed by quickly, man after man came up, pissed, and dumped a load of cum down my funnel. I was in heaven. Soon enough it was time for me to be uninstalled from the urinal.

"You did well," Uncle Bob said, as he shoved his cock down my throat. "You swallowed piss and cum from at least a dozen men today."

He sped up his face fucking. Uncle Bob was giving me the best throat fucking I'd received in a while. His creamy cum tasted so good as he exploded in my mouth. Once again, he pulled out and coated my face.

"Tomorrow, we begin on the job training. Jon has the bar all set up for you. We'll see what all he intends for you, urinal."

"Yes SIR!" I said happily. I was incredibly happy about everything.

The next day, I reported to Uncle Bob's house. He stripped my clothes off, put me in the rubber suit, fitted me with the plug, attached my collar and all my restraints, and then, as an added part of my urinal arrangement, blindfolded me as he locked me into the car. Bob had spent a few hours before my arrival outfitting his car with a new accessory. He called it the mobile urinal. He had a condom style catheter attached to his cock, with a line of gas mask hose running to an inflatable gag. Uncle Bob placed the gag in my mouth, inflated it until I could not speak, and then secured me in the car. As we started driving, he primed my urinal plumbing, feeding me at least a litre of delicious piss, straight from the tap. The mobile experience was intense, and all the way to the bar, I had a hard on, dripping precum into my rubber suit.

Arriving at the bar, Uncle Bob unloaded me from the car and took me right into Jon's office. I was introduced as the new urinal, and Uncle Bob and Jon took turns inspecting me, and using my throat to service their cocks. I sucked on their two beautiful cocks for almost an hour before receiving their hot loads down my throat.

"That was great, it really is a full service urinal," Jon remarked.

Uncle Bob smiled, "That it is, Jon. Now, where are we installing it today?"

Jon pointed toward the bathroom. "I have a special place already set up for it."

We followed Jon into the back of the bar. Inside the bathroom, my blindfold was removed and I saw my new work environment. Jon had a special set up indeed. I had been trained as a single urinal, but this was incredible. Jon not only had the urinal that would attach to my urinal hood, but two other regular urinals next to it, piped into mine. There was all the pump works that Uncle Bob had made, along with multiple urine jugs for my drain to empty into once I was allowed to piss.

Uncle Bob turned to me, "I think it's time to install our new urinal." He picked up the latex hood and latched it onto the suit. "This new model will definitely be more efficient then a single stall, Jon."

"I was counting on that, Bob." We've got a good crowd coming in and I don't want long lines. If needed, can we run some more stalls into the plumbing?"

"I don't see why not."

I was in piss slave heaven. My mouth gagged open, multiple urinal stalls feeding into my plumbing, my ass turned into a flush lever, and restrained to a floor drinking men's piss and cum. I couldn't wait for my first patrons.

Although hooded and in the back of the bar, I could still hear the noises coming from the front. It sounded like the party goers were slowly trickling into the bar. I knew that it would only be a matter of time before I had my first patrons. As a finishing touch to my new set up, Uncle Bob had placed a sign above my urinal that said, please flush after every use. I was hard in anticipation of service.
