 It had been two months since I first agreed to be a human urinal at Jon's bar and had undergone a total transformation training session with Uncle Bob. I spent two days a month in full rubber and installed as a urinal at the bar. The sessions were always hot, with lots of piss and cum to keep me well fed.

Uncle Bob and Jon had seen to it that every day I "worked" the bar was packed with patrons. The fun just kept getting better and better.

Just before I was supposed to start my third month as the urinal, Uncle Bob called me up.

"Hey pup," Uncle Bob said when I answered the phone. "Come on by my place. I've got something for you."

Never being one to disappoint Uncle Bob, I readily agreed. "Sure thing, I'll be right over." I threw on some clothes and drove over to his house. My cock ached with anticipation of what he had in store for me. Uncle Bob rarely called me over unless it was for training or using my throat or ass.

I walked up to the door, knocked, and walked right in. Uncle Bob was seated on the couch, naked, his beautiful cock dangling between his legs. He turned to face me as I walked in.

"Glad to see you, pup," Uncle Bob said with a smile. He stopped me before I could drop to my knees and engulf his cock. "I have something special in mind for you today, pup."

I looked at him strangely.

"More training...this time we're taking your urinal and cum dump training to the next level."

I immediately became hard as a rock. Uncle Bob was never direct like this. He usually waited for me to service him and then would talk about new things for me to try out sexually.

"Yes Uncle Bob. What do you want to train me in next?" I asked, kneeling before him.

"We already know that you are our piss and cum dump, and you've come to be a urinal slave in the last few weeks. So we've decided to take your transformation one step further." Uncle Bob's cock was hard, but he was still denying it to me. It was glistening with precum and I longed to suck it and take its hard length down my willing throat.

Uncle Bob got up from the couch and walked over to a box that was sitting on the nearby table. He opened it up and started pulling out new toys and gear. There was a much larger butt plug, a new hood, and a few tubes. I had no idea what Uncle Bob had in mind, and that had my cock dripping.

"Strip out of your clothes, and put on your rubber suit, pup. We are going to transform you here and now."

Obediently, I stripped and changed, putting on the full rubber body suit. Once changed Uncle Bob stepped up to me, new hood in hand. "This rubber hood will engulf everything on your face. You'll have two little nose holes, and your mouth will be gagged open," he said as he slipped the hood over my head, I heard the buckles and locks on the back click shut. I was fully engulfed. I couldn't see anything, and hearing was difficult but not impossible.

It was odd, this whole set up, usually Uncle Bob would have me service him, but he was also asserting his dominance over me. This, more than the gear was turning me on.

Uncle Bob felt me all over before continuing. "Next, I am going to insert two breathing tubes in your nose, keeping your airway open at all times." I felt the tubes enter the hood and then shove up inside my nose. I started to protest, but it was futile. I could only moan through the open mouth gag of the hood. Once the tubes were in place, I was breathing through them normally, but couldn't control my inhalation at all. There was a slight whistling as the air moved in and out of the tubes. "Now I am going to insert an inflatable funnel gag in your mouth, and a feeding tube from your cock, and as a last touch, we are catheterizing you."

My cock jumped in the rubber suit. I couldn't believe what Uncle Bob was saying. He was slowly taking away my control over my bodily functions. I couldn't control my breathing, he was going to plug my ass with a massive butt plug, and this one I hoped would be a vibrator like the last one. Soon, I would lose control over my own bladder. I knew that the catheter would snake its way up my cock and deep inside my prostate and eventually up into my bladder. Once locked in place, I would have no control over my ability to urinate.

I felt the funnel gag slide inside my mouth. I moaned long and low as I felt the gag inflate. Uncle Bob had also slipped the feeding tube into my mouth, stringing it through the funnel gag and down my throat. I suddenly felt so stuffed, utterly helpless. Little did I know, the feeling was just beginning. Before he continued outfitting me, Uncle Bob moved me around the room. He helped me up into the playroom, I could tell by the feel of the floor under my feet. Uncle Bob assisted me as he placed me on a small elevated platform. Once there, he tied my hands behind my back and had me kneel down. As I knelt down, I felt something cold and firm against my vulnerable hole...the butt plug. It felt so big as it pushed against me, pushing inside me, splitting open my boy hole.

I moaned and groaned, and even tried to scream, but to no avail. All my noises were stifled by the gag in my mouth. All I could hear were faint grunts and the whistling as I breathed. Uncle Bob kept pushing me down until I felt the plug pop inside me. It was now firmly wedged inside my once tight hole. For good measure, Uncle Bob ran straps over my legs and tied my hands to my ankles. There was no way that I was going to be able to push the plug out of me. That's when I felt the steady pulsing in my ass. Uncle Bob had made it a vibrating model. Another plug capable of being a "flush lever" in my ass. Uncle Bob strapped my head in place, securing me so I couldn't move it.

"There's a pretty sight," Uncle Bob said, as I heard the snapping of the camera. "We're not done yet, urinal. My final touch will be to catheterize you. You look so hot urinal. All vulnerable and submissive."

I tried to moan a thank you, but nothing was happening. Somehow, I knew Uncle Bob knew what I was trying to say. He patted me on my head and then stroked my rubber covered cock, well, urinal drain. I felt the tip of something at my cock, I knew it was the stinger of the catheter. I felt as Uncle Bob massaged my cock while pushing the catheter into my urethra. The sensations were overwhelming. There was a lot of pain, but also pleasure, so much pleasure. He pushed and pushed and inch by glorious inch my cock accepted the catheter until I felt a tingling deep in my bowels. The catheter had reached my bladder. Uncle Bob inflated the balloon on the tip, gave a quick tug to make sure it was secured, and then attached the feeding tube to my catheter.

"All secured and finished, urinal. You're open for business."

All this talk and play had kept me hard, but distracted me from my relatively full bladder. Now that I had no control, the urine flowed freely out of my bladder, into my drain, and up the feeding tube, being recycled into my plumbing. I was once again a self-servicing urinal, but without the need for complicated pumps or buckets.

Uncle Bob stepped up to me, I could feel his footsteps on the platform. He slapped his glorious cock against my funnel before unleashing his piss into my urinal. "Mmmm, feels so good to empty this bladder. You're going to be nice and full of piss, urinal." His piss flowed down the funnel and into my gagged mouth. I had no choice but to swallow not only his, but mine as well.

Uncle Bob pissed for what seemed like an hour. His wonderful cock emptying its contents into my funnel and down into my mouth and stomach. I felt so filthy, so dirty, and so turned on by it all.

Once Uncle Bob finished up, he bent down to my ear. "Time to serve, urinal. I've got twenty guests coming over, all with very full bladders." Uncle Bob went on to tell me that he had arranged a little piss party, and I was the star attraction.

The guests filed into the room, I could hear their footsteps and their voices. All sounded like men Uncle Bob's age.

"Step right up folks. The new and improved human urinal is open for business. It will swallow your piss and your cum." Uncle Bob told his guests.

The line of men pissing down my throat and filling me up felt like it went on for hours at a time. There was one point where I was certain I had four or five men all pissing into my funnel at once. Of course, in between the loads of piss, the men took turns cumming. I would have one or two deliciously salty-sweet loads of cum down my gullet at any time during the night. As my plumbing filled with piss and cum, it drained out of the catheter and back into my funnel. I was never running on empty, so to speak. Every time one of the men filled me up, he hit the flush button, triggering the vibrating butt plug to pulsate in my ass. It helped remind me that I was a submissive cock, cum, and piss whore, being used by men.

Several hours later, Uncle Bob began unhooking me from all the gear. He took off my blindfold and the urinal gag, unstrapped my arms and legs. He left my butt plug in me, keeping my little boy ass filled to capacity. Uncle Bob also left my catheter in, but hooked the line up to a bag so I could drain out all the urine in my system. He bathed me and cleaned me up as well before we settled in to some more fun, just the two of us.

"You did well, pup," Uncle Bob said, as he guided my head down onto his cock.

His tool tasted so good as it entered my well-used mouth. I missed having it down my throat. Uncle Bob pushed deep into my throat, filling it to capacity.

"That's a good little cocksucker, take it deep." His cock pumped in and out of my throat over and over. Uncle Bob kept a steady rhythm. He never relented. His cock entered my throat and left it over and over. I was in heaven with every stroke.

"Get ready pup, I am going to cum," Uncle Bob panted.

I opened up my mouth as wide as I could manage. Uncle Bob plunged deep into my waiting mouth one last time before exploding. The first few shots went into my gullet, and then, as was his habit, Uncle Bob pulled out and drenched my face with cum. I had a huge load coating my face, dripping down my chin and neck. A couple pictures later, and Uncle Bob helped me clean up. He emptied the catheter and then, slowly, removed it from my bladder, allowing me to have full control over my body for the first time all day. Uncle Bob even removed the plug from my ass, leaving an empty feeling deep inside.

"Thank you, Uncle Bob. I've never felt so slutty and dirty. It was amazing," I said as I looked into his face. Uncle Bob looked so rugged with a little shadow on his face, and the fine coating of body hair over his chest.

"You're welcome, pup. I think the guys enjoyed using you as their urinal tonight. Everyone seemed happy to dump load after load into you."

I smiled and nodded, lost in horny thoughts. My day of training was complete. I couldn't help but wonder what Uncle Bob would have in store for me next.