 Tonight I will come to your place with the intent of engaging in hot sex between two eventually naked male bodies. It is early spring and very warm when I come to your place, so you are almost naked except for a pair of sheer running shorts and a pair of silky, see through bikini panties barely concealing your manly treasures. I am similarly dressed as I approach your door. I nervously knock on your door with trembling hands. It seems like hours before you open the door, but it eventually opens, revealing a barely dressed and very sexy looking man. You extend a smooth and warm hand towards me, and I place my hand in yours and you invite me inside.

With a couple of drinks and little small talk out of the way, we head for your bedroom at a seemingly quick and urgent pace. Once in your sanctuary, we quickly embrace as our hungry mouths seek each other out. We suck tongues and explore almost naked bodies for what seems like forever until you slowly coax me down onto your satiny soft bed covers as we both now lay back on the silky soft cloth. We begin to explore each other's hot flesh, and I am transfixed at your sexy smooth skin as my hands roam all over your chest and legs. I then boldly run my hands across your silk covered cock and hot balls. I can see the outline of a very beautiful cock and tight balls hidden beneath the sheer material of the running shorts and silky revealing panties. You seem to get harder almost in an instant

My what a beautiful sight that lay before me now, a lovely hard cock and balls covered in sheer material, almost visible, but still covered and mostly hidden from my view. Since I had already seen some of your pictures, I had been fantasizing about this moment for quite sometime. I did not believe it would actually happen, but reality was now upon me and I loved it.

My hungry hands roam all over your naked flesh as shivers run all up your spine. I then turn my attention to your beautifully erect cock, which is straining the silky material that covers it. I stroke the length of your hot dick and gently cup your steaming hot balls. I can no longer resist the temptation and I suddenly grasp the waistband of the running shorts and slide them gently down your shapely legs. I am now one step closer to seeing the object of my recent fantasies, but I like to tease a little too, so I leave the sexy sheer panties in place as my wanting mouth seeks out the hot man flesh beneath the sexy sheer material.

I finally get to taste your maleness as my lips and tongue give worship to your lovely swollen dick beneath the now wet material. Due to the wetness of the material, I can now see your hard dick as if the panties were not even there. I could see the perfect image of a hot and wet dick that seems to be begging for more oral attention. I moved the material just enough to reveal the swollen crimson purple head as my tongue now makes its first actual contact with your lovely hard cock.

I start to lick it and then take it into my wet mouth and suck it slowly and wetly in and out of my now dripping mouth. I can feel the heat of your sex in my mouth as your swollen cock head gets hotter and hotter as I slowly suck it in and out. I stroke the silk covered balls with one hand as the other one explores your hot naked flesh as I continue to orally worship your velvety smooth and steaming hot crown. I now have the overwhelming urge to see a little more skin, so I pull aside the material covering your hot man pearls as the wet shaven balls fall into my view. 

Oh what a sexy sight that lay before me. I am now just inches from your shaved cock and balls, oh so wet and beautiful. I now just have to get you completely naked, so I slide the wet panties from around your shapely smooth legs and drop them to the floor. I now have complete access to your sexy man treasures all wet and hard. You willingly offer it to me with the intent of getting the ultimate of pleasures; a hot, wet, and deep throat to fuck. I now am able to touch the silky smoothness of your burning hot crimson purple dick head with my dripping wet tongue. I flick the silky head with my tongue and taste your yummy cream as you squirm on the silky sheets and moan your approval. 

I can feel the heat rising up from your hot sex tool as my dripping mouth brings pleasure to your stiff dick. I slowly lick and suck the entire cock as you grow even harder in my mouth. Your moans of ecstasy tell me that I am meeting your approval with my oral worshiping of your sweet suckable cock. I suddenly get the urge to bury your stiff dick deeply into my hot and wet throat. I plunge deeply onto your stiff cock until it disappears from sight. Your moans are now deeper as your hot dick disappears again and again deep into my wanting, sucking mouth. I cup your dripping wet man pearls while the pretty dick again disappears from sight.

There is nothing prettier or sexier than a shaved dick and balls and I now move to suck your tight man pearls deep into my wet cavern. You squirm even more as I suck your silky wet pearls deep into my hot mouth. I suck and lick the tight balls in and out again and again while you moan your approval. I let the wet man pearls slip from my mouth with an erotic sucking sound as the pretty pearls plop from my dripping mouth. Suddenly, I again have a strong need to taste your stiff pole and I quickly engulf it until it disappears from sight once again. 

Now with new and different urges coaxing me on, I gently roll you onto your stomach as your very pretty and sexy butt now comes into view. Your perfectly smooth and curvy ass cheeks now seem to beg for some attention as I slowly let my hot hands explore their firmness. I urge you up onto your knees and now I can see your smooth sweet man puss. I kiss and lick all over your pretty cheeks all white and smooth, and lick all along your hairless ass crack. I can feel you tense up as my hot dripping wet tongue passes by your pretty pink rose bud, which makes me shiver with excitement to know that I am having such an erotic effect on you.

The effect on me was overwhelming me too, so with you up on your knees; I crawl beneath you and lay face up to see the most erotic sight you could ever ask for. Now hovering above me was one of the prettiest cocks I have ever been privileged to suck. Those tight wet balls attached to that hard dripping dick, and that now open rosebud where all overwhelming me, and I just had to have a taste of each one of them.

I grasp your naked hips and urge you closer to my wanting mouth. My first taste is of your pretty pink bud as I guide you down onto my waiting face. The fresh scent of a hot sexy man overtakes me and your deep moans barely muffle the wet sucking and licking sounds of hot oral man sex. I gladly make sweet oral love to your now open man hole.

I plunge a hot tongue into you as deep as possible, and urge you to move up and down on my extended tongue, which you gladly do as your deep moans continue to show your appreciation. I tongue fuck your hot ass as you move in time with me and my deep plunges into your hot man puss. You are now literally screaming with pleasure as my wet mouth snake seeks and finds its prey. 

I now turn my attention to your hot and wet shaved balls, so tight and pretty and glistening. I move towards them with dripping mouth and I can now feel their silky wetness upon my hot tongue once again. My wet mouth snake wraps itself all around the silky mound and shivers overwhelm me as I orally worship your steaming hot and silky man pearls. The view from above was one of pure eroticism as I suck on your pretty balls, I can see your hot stiff dick moving with the rhythm and it now seems to be begging me for more oral attention, which I fully intended to provide.

I now turn my attention to your hot sexy dick that is again screaming for my oral worshiping. I move my wet tongue all along its silky bottom side as you move back and forth to assist me in our oral pleasures. Your stiff, but silky manhood slides all along my open mouth just helping itself to my wet snaking tongue and soft sucking lips. I can see a bead of clear fluid peeking out from your swollen purple cock head and I greedily reach out a wet tongue to accept your silky nectar and all of its creamy smoothness.

I quietly and softly ask for a couple of pillows, which you provide for me. I place them under me in order to gain better access to your lovely stiff dick. Feeling more comfortable now, I am ready to give you the hottest deep throat blowjob and face fuck you have ever had. I reach for your smooth ass checks and guide them towards me. I spot another large drop of clear leaking fluid as I guide the sweet stiff dick to my wet and waiting tunnel. 

My mouth and your sweet dick become one, as I pull you towards me. I roam all around the swollen purple cock head with my dripping wet tongue as you once again begin moaning with pleasure. I slowly pull your sweet ass close enough to swallow your entire dick deeply into my sucking mouth. I am now just a hot and willing cum slut who is offering my dripping wet mouth for you to fuck any way you want to. I release my grip on your sexy ass cheeks and you quickly take the lead. 

With gagging speech I beg you to fuck my face deeply. You begin with slow but deep strokes and I can see your hot dick disappear completely into my sucking mouth once again. I reach to caress your silky wet balls as you face fuck your new found cum slut. I cup your silky balls and tug on them gently as you use my dripping and willing mouth for your oral pleasure. Now with hot saliva dripping from my leaking wet mouth, and your sexy hot dick plunging in and out, I can feel your steamy balls contract, which tells me you are almost ready for the ultimate pleasure. I grasp your silky balls tighter as if checking for more signs of your eminent pleasure. 

I feel them contract suddenly and forcefully and I knew your time of ecstasy was now upon us. You bury your hot dick deeply in me one more time before I pull off of it because I want to see your silky cream erupting from your deeply purple and swollen dick head. I see the most beautiful cock ever all dripping wet and hard just milliseconds from pure ecstasy. I open wide and stroke the dripping wet dick a few times before I get my earned reward. 

The hot dick in front of me suddenly responds with stream after stream of silky hot and tasty man cream as my reward. The sight of that sexy dick spurting hot silk for me to taste was just too much. My own cock started squirting inside my shorts, and I had not even touched it. I felt the hot cream running down my balls and ass crack as I swallowed the last few beads of your own tasty man silk. 

Again I took your still hard and deeply purple cock head into my mouth and teased the sensitive gland with my still dripping tongue. I quickly sucked your sexy dick deeply once more as the taste of fresh man silk lingered on my tongue. I held your softening cock until it no longer cooperated. As we lay down beside each other, you reach to kiss me passionately. We spend the next passing time kissing and cuddling each other into deep sleep.

When we awaken, you say to me " You know what? That was the best sex I ever had with anyone. It was definitely the most sexy and erotic blowjob I have ever been privileged to receive". Thanks I said, I hope we will meet again. " If I have my way, you can be assured that will meet again! "