 Let me just begin by saying...I love my job. I get paid to fuck and be fucked and on my terms. Sure, I could become 'famous' and do the same thing in front of a camera; But the pay in my field is higher and the hours better.

I'm not so sure the term 'hustler' is really the correct term for me. Gigolo just sounds so Richard Gere, and I've never had an affinity for gerbils. Prostitute sounds too clinical and hooker just sounds too cheap...Which I am NOT. I have excellent management and even security when necessary.

I'm not one of those kids you see on the corners and back alleys....I don't leer at middle aged men nor do I cajole the desperate. Heroin chic is not my style. I prefer to keep myself clean and healthy. I'm in my mid 20s and not anything spectacular to look at. I'm definitely not hideous, but I'm no Johnny Depp either. My body is a little bit above average, maybe. I keep in fairly good shape by visiting the gym a couple times a week..When I'm not feeling too lazy. I find that being 'average' works for me. It doesn't intimidate my clientele...Besides, a good hustler knows that it's all in the attitude.

Speaking of my clientele, they're mainly men; My best advertisement is word of mouth. Actually, it's my only advertisement, and it's worked well for me so far. Sure, I get the occasional woman, but that's not the norm. My boys usually have heard about me in some roundabout way, and then I get the call.

Tonight's trick was in many ways a typical client. It had been arranged for me to meet him at a medium priced hotel. So while there were no cum stains on the bedspread, there would be no ordering lobster from room service either. *Sigh* Well you can't have it all.

He answered the door before I could knock; Looked around nervously and ushered me in. I gave him one of my special, knowing smiles...The right corner of my mouth lifting a bit higher than the left.

'Hey there'

The smile stayed as I casually shucked my coat, tossing it on a nearby chair; A knockoff of something far more expensive. He looked me in the eyes and quickly looked away. Nodded once and in a lowered voice said 'Hello'.

He wasn't a bad looking guy. Reminded me in a way of a younger Tom Selleck, right down to the mustache. Now, I have a theory about mustaches. The wearer of said facial hair is either gay, or a cop. And I've been right about that theory at LEAST 90% of the time.

'My name's Sebastian..Ya know..Like the saint that got shot with the arrows? What's your name big guy?'

I find it eases the nerves of my clients if I talk to them like normal people instead of telling them how horny I am, or asking if they'd like to fuck my nice, tight ass. I like to work my around to that particular predicament later on in the conversation.

'Name's Mark' He offered, shortly and quietly.

'Welllllll Mark...' At this point, I decided to share my theory with him about mustaches, and since he obviously had no prior experience with men, I cleverly deduced that he wasn't 'gay'. I thought my attempt at humor might relax him.

He had to laugh, much against his will, and did indeed confess that he was a cop. The laughter went away as rapidly as it came, and he quickly began to stutter

'No no no! I mean, yeah, I'm a cop..But I'm not here for a bust or a sting operation. I'm not on duty...I'm here because...'

At this point he paused and I could see the crimson creep into his cheeks before he hung his head. He sighed and went on.

'I'm just really curious about other men. And I haven't quite ever had the courage to...Well, experiment. And then I found out about you through some of my...'

I quickly pressed a single finger to his mustachioed lips.

'Shhhhhhhhh...I don't care how you found out about me...The important thing is that you did. Leave things to me, Mark. I'll take care of that curiousity for ya. Promise'

He nodded and swallowed hard...I dropped my hand to his chest, where his heart was thumping rapidly against my palm. I turned and dimmed the lights.

Turning back to him, I gingerly began to unbutton his shirt, giving him time to get used to it. He fidgeted slightly, shifting from one foot to the other. He drooped his shoulders and allowed me to slide the shirt down his arms, letting it drop to the floor.

I smiled that smile again and tucked my bottom lip between my teeth, giving me that innocent, yet mischievous look...He blushed again and looked away, swallowing more, while my fingers toyed with the buckle of his belt, and then dropped slowly into a caress against cock. I had to supress a giggle when I found the firmness there, straining against the fabric of his pants.

He was still fidgeting slightly as I lowered the zipper. He sighed loudly a couple of times, but didn't protest. His pants were a little snug, so I had to squat a bit to ease them down his hips; Which put me face to..Well face, with the monster hidden behind the zipper. I leaned close, not quite touching...Just to let my warm breath pass through the thin cotton of his boxer briefs. The monster twitched, and although I couldn't quite see in the dim light, I'm sure that the moisture was beginning to seep through the dark underwear.

After his pants puddled around his ankles, I tucked my fingers into the elastic waistband of his undies and slowly tugged them down; Up and over his erection, which, by the way, was jerking and throbbing; And let them mingle with his pants at his feet.

I rose to my feet and placed a hand to his bare chest, which wasn't completely smooth, but neither was he a candidate for Sasquatchhood either. With a gentle push, I eased him back to sit on the king sized bed. I'm sure the quilted silken bedspread felt nice against his naked ass. He sat and said not a word as I removed his socks and shoes and pulled the pants and underwear completely off.

I stood and gracefully shed my own clothes. I've learned to dress for the part. Nothing too intimidating, yet enough to pique curiousity. I could probably strip for a living with the little techniques I've learned, but there's more money in fucking.

His eyes about burned a hole in me as he took me in. I'm sure he wasn't wowed by my body, but more by the fact that he was alone with another naked man and was about to experience man sex!

With fluid motions, I eased into the bed next to him...He scooted accordingly...I laid on my side; Head propped in a hand, resting on my elbow...My other hand still on his chest to ease his nerves. 

Though the room was warm, I noticed that he began to shiver. His cock was still hard, so I'm guessing he wasn't cold. He exhaled a long, slow breath and slowly relaxed into the pillow. I let my hand caress his chest..Fingers dancing slowly and seductively up and down..Tracing around his nipples...Down to his crotch and tugging lightly at his pubic hair. The shivering abated somewhat and I felt him tense as I wrapped my fingers gently around his cock. I let them slide slowly up and down, coaxing the precum from his piss slit. Soon, my fingers were sticky with his juices and his cock nicely lubricated.

His eyes were closed and his jaws bulged slightly. I could tell he was gritting his teeth, and while it was obvious he was enjoying himself, he was still a bit too tense for my liking. I leaned in close and pressed my lips against his ear, letting him listen to my steady breathing before I whispered, ever so softly

'Do you like this Mark? Does it feel good to have another man's hand jerking your cock?'

I decided to save the REALLY dirty talk for later, giving him the chance to get comfortable with me. He nodded and barely croaked a whisper in return

'Yeah. It feels good'

While mentally rolling my eyes, I decided I wanted to make him feel more than just good. I intended to have him moaning and begging by the time I was done with him. I consider myself an artist when it comes to seduction, and he was a pristine, blank canvas.

My fingers still gripped his cock lightly; Squeezing gently on the downstroke and gliding up to tickle his cock head, allowing the precum to coat my fingers before gliding back down. I noticed a slight twitch in his hips, and I could tell that he WANTED to thrust into my grip, but was still self conscious. No worries. We'd get beyond that.

I nestled in closer to him; My body snug against his. I left my lips against his ear, allowing him to listen to my sounds of pleasure; The change of my breathing as I became more aroused at HIS arousal. One of the best tricks into turning someone on is to let them know how turned on YOU are. With subtlety, of course. 

I casually draped a leg over his, allowing my own hard cock to press against his hip. His body was still stiff, as was his cock, which continued to twitch and throb in my hand. With my leg draped around his, I gently coaxed him to spread slightly. My fingers momentarily released his cock and I swear I heard a slight, albeit VERY slight whimper of disappointment. I shushed him gently, letting my tongue slip between my lips and taste the rim of his ear. He shivered more, and when I let my fingers walk gently down his balls before cupping them, he actually groaned.

I couldn't help smiling against his ear and decided to tease it some more: My tongue darting occasionally to barely touch it. I turned my wrist and curled my fingers to cup his balls in my hand. The firm testicles ascended in their skin sac and his cock bobbed again, letting a thin stream of precum drip to his belly.

'You've got a nice set of balls, Mark. It's a shame you've never let another guy play with them before. I'm glad I get to be the first to appreciate such a nice pair'

I groaned a bit and tightened my grip on his testicles, feeling them twitch in my hands. His hips were moving a bit more noticeably now and his legs spread wider on their own accord. I took that as an invitation to let my fingers explore further and traced the path along his taint to his ass hole, touching the edges of it lightly. 

He gasped loudly and nearly jerked away from me the moment my finger touched him. His ass closed up tight, I'm sure. I whispered again in his ear to reassure him. His legs had snapped shut, trapping my wrist and I gently pressed them apart again. I moved my hand back to his cock, stroking and teasing, allowing my fingers to again become coated with his juices before moving back to spread his precum against his own rectum.

He clenched up tightly again and whimpered. His cock was bobbing aggressively. His belly hair reduced to damp curls from the copious amounts of precum dripping there. My fingers slowly and gently traced circles around his tight anus, allowing him to get used to the feeling of a foreign object.

'I'm going to enter you, Mark. Just relax. It will feel tight and it might even hurt. But I promise you that you will eventually love it. I'll go slow and easy. Ready?'

He nodded and squeezed his eyes tightly shut. His teeth were still clenched, his jaw muscles bunched at the strain. My finger, still wet with his precum pressed firmly against the resisting muscles of his ass. He began rocking his hips and whimpering louder. HIs body was resisting yet he was trying to relax.

I slid my free arm beneath his shoulders to cradle him against me; My other arm stretched across his abdomen, wrist curved between his legs to probe his ass. I slowly twisted my finger this way and that, working it deeper inside him. With each measure of depth, he gasped or moaned. I whispered soothing words of reassurance in his ear. His hands flailed and grabbed at the sheets, clutching them tightly in his grip for security.

Soon, my finger was burried all the way to the knuckle on my hand and I stopped. The muscles in his ass contracted and relaxed, squeezing the invading digit over and over. By now, Mark was breathing heavily and rocking his hips more. It appeared as if his inhibitions were finally dropping a bit.

'Does that feel ok? Do you want me to continue?'

He nodded and gasped

'Please..Fuck, yes'

I noticed a single tear trickling from the corner of his eye. I smiled again and leaned to press my lips against his. He gasped again, surprised. He'd probably never felt the lips of another man against his mouth, and he seemed unsure of what to do. My tongue slipped out and teased his lips apart. He finally gave way, allowing me to explore his warm mouth. I left my finger absolutely still in his ass, and soon he was groaning and squirming. My boy was ready for more action.

I licked at his lips before pressing my tongue deep inside his mouth. Slowly, my finger retreated from his ass and he raised his hips, chasing it down, not wanting to be emptied. Before I emptied him completely, I drove my finger slowly back in, and he groaned loudly into my mouth.

I finger fucked him slowly and luxuriously for a few minutes before I decided he was ready for another finger. All the while I was pressed against him, grinding my cock against his hip. My mouth was eating his face, and he was eagerly reciprocating. He winced as the second finger was added, and I allowed him time again to recover and adjust. Soon, he was rocking his hips, wanting my fingers in deeper.

He pulled his mouth abruptly away from me

'Oh fuck! I'm gonna cum!'

I could feel his muscles tensing...Ready for him to release. I shook my head and pulled my fingers from him, wrapping them tightly around the base of his cock'

'Oh no you're not, big guy. We have miles to go before we sleep. You're not gonna cum until my cock is deep in your ass'

He groaned and tossed his head back, draping his forearm over his eyes. I sat up and grinned down at him.

'That IS what you want, isn't it?'

He nodded, keeping his eyes covered. Ashamed at his desires. I shifted and positioned myself between his legs, cupping my hands under his thighs to lift them. 

'I need your help here, Mark. I need you to hold your legs for me'

He sighed and paused for a moment before finally moving his arm away from his face. He reached down and hooked his hands behind his knees, pulling his legs back and wide, exposing his ass to me. He kept his eyes shut, and even in the dim light, I could see the blush of shame in his cheeks. He tried to turn his face away.

I leaned over him, holding myself up on my arms, planted on each side of his chest. My hard cock was pressed against his own and he groaned and lifted his hips to press harder against it. Putting my lips against his ear again, I whispered

'I'm gonna put my cock into you now Mark. Slow and easy. Just relax. This is what you want, right? I need you to answer me. Not just a nod or a shake of your head. I need you to tell me what you want'

He nodded and whispered quietly.

'Yes. I want ....Your....Cock in my ass'

'Good boy. That's what I thought you wanted'

I sat back up and placed my hands on his thighs and looked down at his ass hole. It was expanding and contracting. It needed to be filled

'You've got a pretty hungry hole there big guy. You're just aching to be filled, aren't you?'

He groaned and nodded again. His fingers were gripping deeping into the backs of his knees and he pulled them wider. I couldn't help but smile at his eagerness. Gripping the base of my cock, I positioned it and pressed the head against his hole. He gasped and shifted.

'Oh God! Oh fucking hell...You're really gonna fuck me, aren't you?'

I was a bit startled by his outburst and couldn't help but laugh a bit.

'Of course I'm gonna fuck you, Mark. You NEED my cock deep inside you. Don't you?

I teased his ass hole by stroking it with my cockhead.

'YES!!! Holy shit, yes!!'

His hips were rolling whoreishly as I continued to tease his hole. I just stroked it back and forth with my cockhead, which was teasing myself something fierce as well. I groaned with him and my own cock was leaking like mad, lubricating his asshole for me. He momentarily forgot to hold his legs with his hands and pounded on the bed in frustration with closed fists. I laughed and pressed my hands to his thighs, holding him up and open, letting my cock dance happily against his hole.

'Please....Please, Sebastian...fuck me'

He whispered, with such desire in his voice, how could I resist? I gripped the base of my cock again and pushed with some effort to spread the tight muscles of his anus. He opened resistantly for me, engulfing my cock head with his flesh. He cried out as that first barrier was broken, and arched his back, again grabbing at the sheets and clutching them to his chest. One leg was held back by my palm pressed against his thigh, the other stretched straight and kicking frantically; His body twisted slightly to one side, allowing me entrance.

I pressed myself a bit deeper. The tightness of his ass was stretching and pulling the delicate skin of my cock, causing it to sting with each forward motion. He continued to yelp and toss his head. His hands found the backs of his knees again, and he found himself more comfortable with his legs pulled back and wide.

'That's it, Mark. It's easier that way. Now press out from the inside and I'll slide right on in.'

He nodded, and I immediately felt the pressure of him pushing, struggling to shit out my cock, but the pressure allowed the invader to slide in easier and deeper. The contractions of his muscles deliciously milking me. I groaned and buried myself in one final thrust, balls deep.

I pressed my hands to his thighs again, feeling the thick muscles quivering beneath my palms. He was gasping for air, his chest heaving with huge gulps. Tears were streaming down his face, but his eyes were open wide and read only one thing. Ecstasy.

I found myself struggling to catch my breath as well. I maintained my position, allowing him again to adjust before slowly pulling back out. As he felt his rectum slowly being emptied, he began to toss his head from side to side and to whimper in protest. 

'No!! No!! Please don't stop!!!'

I grinned, the power rush overwhelming me.

'Oh I'm not stopping, Mark. I'm just getting ready to deep dick you...You DO want that, don't you??'

He looked up at me, his lip trembling.

'What...What does that mean???'

I continued to pull slowly out, finally stopping and leaving only the head of my cock to plug his hole. I didn't move for several seconds, and in his frustration at being nearly emptied, he began to roll and rock his hips again. He whimpered loudly and cried out, trying to arch to re-impale himself.

With one slow motion, I drove my cock back down, deep inside him. He screamed out, arms flailing again. Slowly I retreated again, and again, holding the head of my cock to barely keep him open. Again, he began to plead and babble.

'Please...Please...Please!!'

His writhing and groaning really got me going, and if I decided to fuck him hard and fast, I could've probably cum within a few short thrusts. But I wanted to draw it out and enjoy the feast of his desires. Again, I plowed slowly back into him,. my balls pressed against his ass. He jerked hard and grunted. Over and over, I deep dicked him. Slowly and agonizingly. His cock twitched and bounced. Jets of precum squirted all the way to his chest. I had a hard time myself, maintaining my own orgasm.

'Tell me, Mark. How does it feel?'

I had plowed deep into him and held my cock there. Releasing his thighs, finally, and settling myself on top of him. He was shaking violently and his ass muscles were clenching and unclenching over and over against my cock deep inside him.

'It feels...God...' He stuttered, grasping for the words 'I feel so stuffed...So stuffed full of your cock'

'Ahhh, that's the idea, Mark. You ARE stuffed full of my cock. You like being stuffed, don't you?'

He nodded and begin to rock his hips beneath me. I leaned back and hooked my arms under his knees, pulling them up on my shoulders. I began to slowly pump in and out of him, not quite emptying him to the extent I had earlier.
