 This Erotica Sex Story contains strong sexual content, including Ma/Fa, Ma/Ma, Consensual, Reluctant, Gay, BiSexual, Heterosexual, BDSM, DomSub, MaleDom, Spanking, Rough, Sadistic, Oral Sex, Anal Sex, Masturbation, Sex Toys, Exhibitionism, Voyeurism, Size.

This was written by SEVERUSMAX and myself. 

*****

"Wow, aren't we getting a little frisky here? Was it something in the tea, or are you just excited about fulfilling an old crush?" Ward flirted, as they headed back to the townhouse he shared with Peter.

"Well, if it was something in my tea, you must have put it there!" Selene winked at him.

"Since we've eliminated that possibility, I'd say that you're rather excited about fulfilling an old crush," he teased her back.

"Yes, I am!" she replied.

Selene moved closer to Ward, her hand sliding further to the left near his crotch. He moved his right hand to her thigh in response, wondering why it felt awkward. Selene rode in comfortable silence, listening to the soft rock station's nightly segment for love songs. This put her in a romantic mood for what was to come.

Arriving at Ward's medium-sized townhouse, Selene started to open the door to his Mustang, but he stopped her.

"Let me open that door for you, please," Ward insisted, trying to use the delay to make it feel more natural for him. He didn't understand why the anxiety returned.

"Why, thank you. You're being quite the gentleman tonight," she pointed out.

"That's the way I believe a lady should be treated," he forced a grin.

Ward helped Selene out of the car. Wondering why he was so tense, she followed him to the townhouse door. It took little effort for him to unlock the front door and let her inside what struck her as a rather well kept bachelor pad. He hadn't been lying earlier that evening when he said that their "bachelor pad" was cleaner than most, she thought.

"Would you care for a nightcap?" he nervously asked her, wanting some liquid courage.

"Yes, but only if you share one with me. I don't want to drink by myself," she responded.

"Sounds good to me," Ward made himself smile while checking his messages. The message indicator flashed, telling him that someone had left him a message.

"Ward, our special shipment that was due tomorrow has been delayed, so you don't have to come in until Monday at 10. Have a good weekend," his boss told him through the voice mail.

"That was my boss. She told me that I didn't have to work tomorrow, so I can stay up and sleep in a bit. What will you drink?" Ward remarked, hoping that a stronger buzz would help him relax.

"Why don't you pick the drinks? I don't know what you have available," Selene observed.

"Oh, yeah, that was dumb of me! How about some Seagram's 7 with some 7 Up?" he asked.

"Otherwise known as Seagram's 7 and 7? It's one of my favorites!" she reacted.

After pouring the drinks, Ward asked, "Why don't I show you our place while we drink?"

"I would love to see the rest of your townhouse," Selene responded.

Ward showed Selene the kitchen and dining area, which were larger than most in townhouses. He then led her upstairs to show her the bedrooms and the sizable secondary bathroom. Ward pointed to Peter's room, the door being open. Selene noticed that the room looked like either unused or kept by an anal-retentive man, because it showed no signs of use.

"For a man in his twenties, Peter has an immaculately clean bedroom," Selene commented, wondering why.

"That's just Peter. He tends to be 'anal' about some things," Ward punned, enjoying the inside joke.

Ward then showed Selene his own bedroom. This contained the master bathroom, which was larger than the other one. She could tell that it was definitely "lived-in". She noticed a pair of shoes that were too large to fit Ward's feet in the corner, along with some clothes lying there. Ward quickly picked up the clothes and tossed them into the hamper.

"Peter showered here earlier, so he left his clothes and shoes here. He likes my pulsating shower better," he anxiously pointed out.

Selene personally thought it was strange for a supposedly "anal" man to leave his clothes lying in another man's bedroom. There was also the odd act of taking off his clothes in the room to begin with, instead of undressing in his own room, but she dismissed these minor issues. She noticed a peculiar smell in the bedroom that was not in the rest of the house.

She sniffed the air and asked Ward "What is that smell? I can't quite place it. It seems like I've smelt it before."

"I lit some incense earlier tonight that is called 'Sex' or something like that. It's supposed to make the room smell good," he quickly explained.

"Uh huh! I have heard of incense called that. Maybe that is it, though it really smells more like people have done it in here than some incense," she replied skeptically.

"Yeah, that's the point of the incense," Ward nervously covered up, wishing that he had lit some incense.

Selene sat on the bed, taking her drink with her. Pushing her doubts aside, she sipped it and winked at Ward, getting bolder by the minute. She was quite eager to get on with the main event, so she uncrossed her legs and let him see her panties. Ward tossed back the remaining cocktail and set the glass down. Then he started slowly undressing, kicking off his shoes, and then removing his shirt. The whole time, he watched for her reaction and hoped that he didn't misread her actions.

Ward really felt the impact of the booze by this point, aiding him in his self-delusion. He started rationalizing to convince himself that there was nothing wrong with him other than being out of practice with the dating life. He told himself that it had nothing to do with Peter and their conversation earlier. The excuses were really bullshit, but he believed them anyway.

"Oh, boy, I love a good striptease!" she encouraged him.

"So do I!" he taunted her, fueled by her interest.

"Oh, I'll give you one, as soon as you finish with mine!" she slyly responded.

Ward then removed his belt, unzipped his pants, and slowly dropped them, which left him in his boxers.

"Ah, so you wear boxer briefs, huh? I like!" she said with excitement.

"Well, I hate tighty-whities. They make me feel constricted down there!" he replied.

"I can understand. I feel the same way about wearing under-wire bras. I swear that they were invented by a sadistic male," Selene empathized, while she observed his hardening cock. "You have rather large equipment there!"

"Thank you! Now, where is my striptease?" Ward feigned impatience, wondering why he kept thinking of Peter's striptease instead of Selene's. He badly needed to get Peter off his mind, as it only led to more confusion.

Selene stood up and gestured for him to sit down on the bed in her place. She started the striptease, slipping off her designer leather sandals. Then she unbuttoned her sleeveless blouse, slowly slid it down her arms, and let it drop to the floor. She removed her blue jean miniskirt, letting it drop to the floor. She stood there in her silk, red lace panties and matching bra.

"Very nice! I definitely like what I see!" Ward praised her, still unable to focus on the scantily clad woman in front of him. What was the matter with him? Why wasn't he aroused by this woman who threw herself at him? Why didn't such feminine attention affect him normally?

Selene turned around, presenting her back to him. She reached behind herself, unclasped the clip to her bra, and then removed it. She hooked her thumb into the sides of her panties, slowly sliding them over her ass. She let them drop of their own accord to the floor. She turned her head and smiled teasingly at him.

"Are you just going to stand there and tease me, or are you going to turn around and show me the rest of you?" he asked half-seriously.

"Yes, I was just giving you a strip tease act! That is what you asked for, isn't it?" she told him coyly.

Selene turned around and let him see the rest of her.

She felt his awkwardness and didn't really understand it. She started to doubt her own sex appeal, but wondered if there was actually something else going on in Ward's mind. She was not blind about something being wrong.

"You're a little distant. Is there a problem? Am I not what you expected?" Selene probed.

"I'm just a little rusty. It's my first serious date. I'm fine, there's nothing wrong with you, " Ward said, as he stood up and folded down the sheet and bedspread, noticing that Peter had not changed the sheets from earlier that day. He was glad that the color of the sheets hid any telltale evidence.

Ward climbed into the king-sized bed, gesturing for Selene to join him there. She sat on the bed, sliding over next to him, lying down beside him. Ward then lightly kissed Selene, running his hands over her body. Ward moved his hands over the front of her body, starting at her breasts. He lightly fondled them, and then continued down to her stomach, to the juncture between her legs and what was hidden there. He cupped her ass, squeezing it lightly, though he kept visualizing Peter's ass instead.

"I love how smooth your skin is, Selene. Very pleasing to the touch," he remarked. "You have a classic hourglass figure, not the 'model-thin' look."

"Yeah, I like to eat too much to starve myself to death like some models do," she laughed, thinking of her fondness for Frito pies and chili cheese coney dogs.

Selene moved her hands down his back and stopped at his ass. She grabbing his cheeks, pulling him closer toward herself. She pressed her body against him, allowing him to feel her breasts against his chest and her pussy against his hard cock. She leaned her head onto his shoulder and took in a deep whiff of his scent, her nose pressed into his neck.

"You have a refreshing masculine smell. I love it. I need you now!" Selene demanded.

Ward, sensing the mounting urgency expressed in her words, slid his hand down to her pussy. He fingered her pussy, preparing her for his large cock.

"I'm ready now, Ward! Please, take me!" Selene begged.

Ward turned Selene onto her back, eagerly thrusting his cock into her very wet opening. Ward finally got more into the mood. Selene grabbed Ward's shoulders from beneath him, as if holding on for dear life. She met him, thrust for thrust, as it had been too long since she last had sex with someone!

Ward pushed in and out of Selene, harder and faster with each stroke. He noticed her quickening in breath and the tightening of her pussy as she approached her climax. He found himself remembering Peter's hard cock in his ass as he fucked Selene, which excited him more.

"Oh, God, I'm gonna cum!" she cried out.

"Yes, cum for me!" he answered, enjoying the heat of the moment.

The orgasm hit Selene with a massive force that took her breath away. It had been far too long since the last time she came.

"Wow, you're very tight!" Ward groaned.

As her breathing returned to normal, he whispered for her to turn over into the "doggie" position.

"I want to go deeper in you!" Ward demanded.

"Yes, deeper in me, please!" Selene responded as she turned over onto her knees and elbows, her sensitive breasts touching the bed. Ward mounted her from behind and thrust forcefully into Selene's pussy, making her moan even more.

Ward yelled, "I can't go much longer without cumming soon!"

"Neither can I. I'm about to cum again!" Selene shouted.

At this time, Peter, unaware that Ward was upstairs with Selene, returned home. He walked up the carpeted stairway toward the master bedroom. Just as he neared the room, Peter heard Ward and Selene exclaiming their urgent need to cum. Intrigued; he went to the open door and watched what happened.

Ward was fucking Selene from behind. Peter could see her breasts firmly pressed to the bed while she took it "doggie-style", which caused his cock to harden from the view of Ward's ass. He freed his cock and started to stroke himself while watching the live sex act in front of him.

Ward started to swell more and felt the familiar twitch that signaled his release. The swelling of his cock caused Selene to cum, which tightened up her pussy. She then milked the cum out of his wand. They collapsed on the bed, unaware that Peter was watching them.

Feeling slighted, Peter walked over to "his" bedroom and slammed the door. Hearing the noise, Ward and Selene jumped.

"That must be Peter. Guess he came home earlier than I thought. From the sound of it, I'd say his parents pissed him off again," Ward lied, turning over to embrace Selene.

"You don't think he saw us, do you? I mean, we left the door open," Selene asked nervously.

"I doubt it. He was probably too furious to pay us any attention," Ward lied again, thinking to himself that he was in serious trouble the next morning.

Peter had obviously seen enough to anger him. The idea of spending the night alone and taking care of himself would infuriate Peter to no end. Ward's only hope was that he could calm Peter down before his lover wanted a piece of ass. That would be as soon as Selene was gone. He had no doubt about that. He had pissed Peter off far too much this time.

Peter heard Ward's blatant deception, which enraged him even more. Ward would pay for this tomorrow. Peter thought of all the different ways that he could punish Ward for his callousness and deceit. They had both agreed that they would not bring their flings into the townhouse. They could only screw other girls elsewhere. Now, Ward had broken this agreement. He would have to suffer the consequences. The fact that Peter hadn't availed himself of other women, anywhere, didn't help things.

Still needing relief, Peter did some angry masturbation, thinking of all the rough things that he would do to Ward the next day. After a while of these fantasies, he screamed out his release. Ward shivered in bed upon hearing the sound of Peter cumming. He would really pay for this, Ward knew. He had reneged on their deal, and there would be hell to pay.

Selene also heard Peter jerking off and realized that Peter had seen them after all. She assumed that Ward lied to spare her feelings. Despite her inhibitions, Selene found to her surprise that the idea excited her a little.

After snuggling with Ward for several minutes, Selene noticed that he was as hard again as she was wet. They were both ready for one more round.

"You seem to be ready again. How about some anal?" Selene whispered, feeling very naughty.

"Wait a second, you're into that? You're not exactly shy about this, are you?" Ward inquired, taken by surprise.

"I believe in cutting to the chase. You never get anything in life by waiting for others to offer things. To quote the old saying, 'carpe diem', meaning 'seize the day'," Selene declared, as her arousal grew.

"Well, since we're using clichés, I don't believe in 'looking a gift horse in the mouth'. I'm not about to turn down such a delightful offer from a beautiful lady. I've got some lube in the nightstand," Ward rambled while reaching for the lube.

Wondering why Ward had lube in the nightstand, Selene put herself back into the "doggie" position. Ward applied the lube to both her ass and his cock, making sure that there was plenty of it on both places. He spread her cheeks and then eased his dick into her asshole. After giving Selene time to adjust, Ward moved slowly, gradually increasing the rhythm. Their breathing and heartbeats both increased as he took her ass fully. Selene was curious, even as Ward fucked her ass, why he seemed so experienced with an act that was much less common in the straight community than the gay. Since it worked in her favor, however, she didn't complain.

"Oh, God, your ass is hot and tight!" Ward exclaimed to Selene, knowing that Peter listened to them.

"Damn, your cock is big! I won't be able to last long!" Selene said while Ward took her ass.

Ward finally spilled his seed deep inside her ass, as Selene helped get herself off. They fell to the bed and turned onto their sides so Ward could spoon her. They drifted off to sleep, satisfied with their experience.

Meanwhile, Peter fumed at having to listen. He hoped that Ward used plenty of lube, because he wouldn't use any on the morrow. Peter intended to make Ward's butt rather sore as a penalty for having done this to him. He went into a fitful sleep, dreaming of revenge against Ward.

The next morning, after they took turns freshening up, Ward and Selene walked downstairs. At the kitchen table, they found Peter drinking a cup of coffee. Ward knew that the only time Peter drank coffee was when he got little sleep the night before. He could also tell Peter was still angry with him for having brought Selene over the previous night. Selene, for her part, sensed again that something was wrong between Peter and Ward. She just didn't know what bothered Peter.

"Good morning. You're Peter, right? I'm Selene. Ward told me that you're good friends. I remember you from college," Selene greeted him awkwardly, due to all of the tension in the air.

"Did he now? Yeah, we're rather 'close' friends. Nice to meet you," Peter replied, ignoring Ward.

"Would you like something for breakfast? As you can see, we have coffee, and there are English muffins and bagels. There's even orange juice in the fridge," Ward asked Selene, changing to a safer subject.

"No, thank you. I'm not really hungry when I first wake up. I have some errands to run anyway," Selene answered, trying to leave in a hurry and avoid whatever confrontation might happen soon.

"Do you need a ride? I can drive you home," Ward offered, hoping to postpone the dreaded punishment he would receive from Peter.

"No, I don't really need to go home. I can just take the bus to run my errands. I'm going downtown and it's easier to use the bus than my car. Can you walk me to the bus stop, Ward?" Selene responded, wanting to delay the inevitable and enjoy Ward's company just a little longer.

"Sure. I'll be back shortly, Peter," Ward said, noting Peter's scowl.

"That's fine," Peter said through his teeth.

"I hope to see you again soon, Selene," he spoke a nicer tone to her, since she wasn't guilty of anything.

"Thank you, Peter. That would be nice," Selene replied as they walked outside.

Ward kissed Selene goodbye at the bus stop and let her know that he would like to take her out again, possibly Monday night. She hesitantly said that she would check her calendar, due to "work". It was an excuse, because while she enjoyed Ward, she didn't like being the third wheel. It was obvious now that she was that in some way.

Ward nervously headed back home, well aware that Peter would be waiting for him.

As soon as Ward entered the front door and closed it behind him, Peter said, "We have some unfinished business to take care of, Ward!"

"I'm sorry about what happened, Peter. I thought you would stay overnight at your parents, as you have in the past. I didn't know you'd come back last night," Ward apologized, trying to avoid the key issue.

"Well, I got back, all right, and I 'came', no thanks to you! Our agreement was NO girls at the townhouse, not just when one of us is here and the other is gone," Peter reminded him sternly.

"I didn't think you'd mind if you were gone," Ward made excuses.

"You know there is always the chance that one of us will come home early, which is why that agreement has no such exception. Don't try pathetic excuses with me! You have to pay with your ass on this one!" Peter stated, standing up and removing his bathrobe. This revealed that he had no clothes underneath, but had a hard, angry-looking cock!

Peter walked around the table, catching a terrified Ward and leading him to "their" bedroom.

"Thanks to you, Casanova, I got very little sleep last night. I had to take matters in hand, and that still didn't cover all of my needs. You're gonna take care of me! It's a good thing that you don't have to work today, because you'll be otherwise engaged. Your ass is mine!" Peter spoke angrily.
