 I truly appreciate all the great comments...thanks for the encouragement!

I'll try not to let you down and make this chapter as good as the last...it's not actually me though 

Because I am just telling a true story so it's much easier but it's making the boys happy that you are

Enjoying their tale so much! I have had a request to do more on my personal story of Wishful Thinking. 

I am feeling stuck because if I do it's going to get really dark and personal and I don't know how 

Appropriate that is for this site so please let me know what you all think. 

Blessings

Taylor.

*

Anthony*

It's been almost three months now since Shawn came into my life through what some may call and especially my friends, a divine intervention. I have found myself becoming a worrywart whenever he goes off to work. It's not that I didn't appreciate him before but now it was different. We were connected and I wouldn't know how to survive now without him in my life. 

See this is what I had been trying to avoid. I hated feeling anxious all the time and not sleeping until he came in the door after his shift and something I never realized that when he was on nights he would sleep when I was awake so it felt like we didn't see each other very much and I learnt to dislike night shift very quickly.

But I had Taylor and Mike on my side supporting me and reminding me that it was all worth it. I was also learning that being with someone and actually living with them were two totally different things! I am sure some of my quirky habits drove him nuts too but some of his were down right gross! Like leaving his eyebrow trimmings in the bathroom sink and not collecting his toe nail clippings after he had finished. 

Ok enough complaining! He was the best thing that had ever happened to me and we both knew it so I just had to stop being such a baby and suck it up! 

They had moved my office a little further downtown while renovating the one that had almost burned to the ground. Often when Shawn had had enough sleep he would surprise me by stopping by with lunch or a coffee. I had never actually told anyone that I was gay but even blind Freddie could plainly see Shawn was my boyfriend. 

My secretary would often shake her head in frustration after he left because it took about 20 minutes to regain my focus enough to start work again. Some of the other guys would give me sidelong glances when I passed by and I guess I was the hot topic at the water cooler because they would stop chatting when I was near. It was all water off a ducks back to me. I didn't give a shit what they thought and to be honest I had never really liked most of them anyway. 

At night when Shawn and I were together we would have long talks about him moving up in his unit or changing things around so he would go up with the ladder which of course would make an already dangerous job even more so! I didn't want to stop him from trying or moving up but God just the thought of loosing him made my blood run cold. 

I knew from past experience that those particular conversations ended in arguments so I tried to avoid them all together. 

One evening after a really shitty day at work I was catching up at home and didn't hear Shawn come in. He must have realized that I was oblivious to him being there and quietly crept up behind me. Bending slowly he planted a hot kiss on the back of my neck. I nearly jumped out of my skin and only just avoided head butting him in the face!

"Baby I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to freak you out." His quick reflexes had saved him.

Taking a breath to steady myself I pulled Shawn into a long sweet kiss. "That's ok....I know a way you can make up for it though." I suggested, grinning wickedly. He got the hint right away and spun my chair around and sank to his knees. I was already hard like I often was when he was around so he certainly didn't have much to do to get me going. He enjoyed teasing me so I let him but what I really wanted him to do was just take me and make it hard and rough. That wasn't the way we normally did things but every so often I needed him to be forceful.

He caressed my rock hard cock through my pants and tore my shirt open with the other. I almost yelped in protest because after all that was my favorite shirt! But what the hell I could buy more and his hands on me were driving me nuts!

He drew my zipper down with his teeth and nuzzled his way into the opening in my boxers. I resisted the urge to grab his head and mash my pelvis up against it. I was moaning loudly by now almost begging. Every time I tried to touch him he stopped so he was telling me that he was in charge. Pushing my pants down to my knees and my boxers right along with them, Shawn pulled me urgently from my chair, turned me around and shoved my head onto my desk exposing my ass. 

I was turned on beyond belief. He seemed to know exactly what I needed and was certainly doing his best to comply. I tried to keep small stash of lube and condoms around the house because we could never seem to keep our hands to ourselves.

I could feel Shawn's body trembling against me and his heart was racing in his chest. Ripping the draw open he fumbled with the lube and squirted some on his fingers. Without warning he shoved three up my ass. I sucked my breath in at the invasion and hissed the air between my teeth. He almost withdrew them but I clamped my ass muscles tight and he was stuck. 

He lent in close to my ear. "Sorry. I got carried away. Do you need me to slow down?" I could hear the apology in his voice.

"Slow down?" I almost screamed. "No for God's sake..Would you just fuck me!"

I could hear him tear the wrapper off the condom and moan softly as he rolled it onto himself. I braced my elbows against my desk and felt the head of his cock press against my ass. I willed myself to relax as he pushed in deeper. I felt so wanton and sexy being "taken" at my desk! We both moaned with abandon as Shawn slammed into me. 

Drawing out almost completely, he would pause for a second and then ram back in. I was almost at the edge already and reached down to stroke myself. I could feel Shawn's movements becoming erratic and I knew he was close too. 

Laying his weight on me Shawn sucked at my ear lobe. "I'm so close baby. Come on...come for me."

That sent me crashing into the abyss and I felt him right beside me on the way down. I drew him in as far as I could with my muscles and he pulsed within me. 

I collapsed on the desk and I felt Shawn soften a little and he slid out. I desperately wanted to sit down but I couldn't make my body obey. Sitting on my chair Shawn peeled the soggy condom off and threw it in the wastebasket. He then reached up to me and pulled me onto his lap to cuddle me close. 

As much as I loved having sex with him, I truly enjoyed the aftermath too..We would always reconnect by touching or snuggling and it was a wonderful way to drift off to sleep. I could feel myself relaxing and my body wanted to sleep. 

"Aww nuts!"

Shawn looked at me quizzically. "What?"

I waved the stack of freshly printed work in his face.

"There's come all over my files. Crap! Well I'll just have to get up early and retype it all."

Shawn giggled and collected me in his arms. "Come on...It's bed time baby."

Moving as though I weighed nothing he deposited me on my side of the bed and then slid onto his. Groaning with contentment we settled into our usual spooning position and the sandman moved in for the kill.

Shawn*

A few weeks later..

I knew Anthony was going to be very hurt and very angry with me. I had made a major decision without him and it was going to be tough to get him to understand. We had already "discussed" my moving up in my company or changing my position so I got to do something different. Actually he talked and I just sat back and let him rant. I knew why he was so against me doing anything that would further put my life in jeopardy and I had reminded him once or twice that he knew what my job was before we started going out.

I had been a fireman now for almost nine years and in all that time I had only had three close calls and we had lost two unit members. 

Realistically you have more chance of being mugged or run over but I just couldn't convince Anthony of that. The longer we were together the more I realized how stubborn he really was but also I loved him more than I thought was possible so seeing him so distraught and knowing I was the cause broke my heart. Going up to our apartment I hatched a plan to win him over. I didn't think it would work but it couldn't hurt to try. I knew I had beaten him home by at least three hours so I ran around to clean up and make a special meal. Yes I knew it was manipulative but this was so important to me and so was he and I just wanted to two things to mesh.

By the time Anthony arrived home everything looked amazing. The table was set with candles and I had chosen his favorite CD for background music. The smells coning from the kitchen were mouth watering. I met him at the door with a kiss and a beer. I felt guilty at the pleasurable look on his face because he had no idea of my ulterior motives and he was enjoying the extra attention. 

I took his brief case and motioned him toward the bathroom. Taking the hint he went in that direction and I could finalize my evil plan. Ok not evil but I was having my doubts about carrying it through to the end. I set everything on the table and lit the candles. It all looked fabulous! I heard the shower stop and Anthony moving about in the bedroom. He looked like a little boy with his hair sticking up in all directions and a silly grin on his face. I pulled out his chair and he sat which allowed me to catch a whiff of his cologne. 

My plan almost went all to hell and I thought about throwing him down on the floor and having my way. I knew we were still in the "honeymoon" stage but my God I just couldn't seem to keep my hands off him.

"Wow Shawn....this all looks so amazing! Why all the extra effort?" I could see something pass across his face. "Oh my God...It's not our anniversary is it?"

Now I felt really bad. I wanted to tell him but not until after we had least eaten because I had the feeling that we were about to do more fighting than eating. "No...I just know you've been working really hard and I wanted to spoil you. Is that ok?"

"Oh it's more than ok!" There was that cute silly grin again. 

Swallowing my guilt I raised my glass in a toast. "To us." Anthony responded and we set to work on the meal. I have to admit it was fantastic. We talked about general things and made plans for the weekend. I tried to convince myself that I hadn't told Anthony yet because I was waiting for the "right" time but I was just being a coward. 

Sighing with contentment we each sat back and rubbed our bulging stomachs. "I won't eat for a week." Anthony moaned and sent a smile my way. "That was really nice. Thanks baby."

Rising from the table I took Anthony's hand and lead him to the couch. I snuggled him close and took a mental breath to prepare myself for what I was about to say. "Um hun?" Anthony stirred against me. 

"Hmm? What's up?"

" I have something I want to talk with you about." Now we all know that when someone says that, it's not going to go well. I guess he heard the hesitation in my voice because he sat up and looked at me. Not waiting I plunged ahead. " I know that you get worried about me and I love you for it. Before we met I had already spoken to the captain about maybe changing my position in the unit. Well I stopped by there today and he told me that I could have the ladder if I wanted. And well...I said yes." 

Anthony didn't say a word. He just looked at me long and hard. I see the anger and hurt written clearly on his face. Desperate to make him understand I started to babble. "It's going to be ok...I promise. I know how you feel about all of this but I have wanted to change for a long time. I need you to understand. Please?" I almost took back everything I just said when I saw the tears in his eyes. 

Still he sat, just looking at me. I reached out to take his hand but he drew away. Rising slowly he made his way to the door. I went to follow but he looked me like I had never seen him do and it made me stop dead in my tracks.

He walked out, quietly closing the door behind him. I felt like I had been punched in the stomach. I could feel the vomit rising in my throat. I barely made it to the bathroom and proceeded to throw up the meal I had just eaten. I expected him to be angry but it went far beyond that. I had stolen something from him. He had finally let his guard down and gave his heart to me and I had stomped all over it. Fuck! I was such a jerk!

Anthony*

I had no idea where I was going, all I knew was that I just had to leave. The only thing I felt was numb. Shawn said that he loved me but did he really? I would never do that to him...never...He knew how I felt about him changing positions in his job but he went ahead and did it anyway! I just wanted it all to go away. This is what I got for falling in love. It only confirmed my suspicions about relationships..Once you gave your heart to someone it was only a matter of time before they broke it.

Wandering aimlessly I passed a liquor store. I could never be a hard drinker because I couldn't stand the taste of most of it but now was not the time to think about that. 

I bought something that looked strong and went off to find somewhere to get very drunk! I found a quiet park and picked an obscure place to sit. I didn't want to draw attention to myself or be arrested for drinking in public so the idea was to be invisible.

I took the lid off and swigged the fiery liquid. My God it was bloody awful but even after one swallow I could feel it making my head fuzzy. Yes siree...this was the ticket! During my absence I guess Shawn must have called Taylor and Mike because they had organized a search party. I had no idea how long I was there for but the time they found me I was well and truly drunk. 

As I looked into their concerned faces I started to laugh hysterically.... They looked like people standing in front of those mirrors they have at the circus...You know the ones that make you look all out of proportion. Shawn knelt beside me and I took a drunken swing at his face. "Get away from me you bastard!" I tried to stand but only succeeded in falling over. I struggled against Shawn but once again he picked me up like I was a feather. I tried so very hard not to feel anything but mad and the tears came anyway. I could feel myself slipping into the darkness and welcomed it. Before I passed out I could see the pain on Shawn's face but I didn't care. If this is what happened when you fell in love then I didn't want to be a part of it.

Sorry but I need to sleep. I will try to finish everything off in the next chapter. 

I hope you're all still enjoying it!

Blessings

Taylor.