 I'm writing about something that happened a few months ago, after my latest experience getting gangbanged at the glory hole booths. I was at work and had to give a presentation to a large group of people right after lunch. I decided to go to a popular bar/restaurant a couple blocks from my downtown office for lunch, and when I walked in the place was packed and there was a long wait. It was only a 15-minute wait, but I was cutting it close getting lunch before my presentation, so I sat at the bar. Sitting on a barstool I ordered some wings and an ice tea from a hot female bartender, and right away a very large black man sat down in the stool next to mine at the bar. He looked over at me, looked me up and down, smiled, and said Hi. He was a very attractive man, like Luke Cage, at least 6'4" or taller, and very large and muscular. He was wearing a very nice suit and tie, as though he was a high-priced lawyer or business man. He asked me my name, and wanted to know what I did for work. I told him, and he was very interested and asked if I had a card. I handed him my business card and he looked it over, said my full name, and put it in his pocket.

Then he gave me a look that kind of scared me and he told me I was a sexy man. I probably blushed. He said something like "there are so many things I want to do to you." I was shocked, but just said "um, thank you," taking it as a compliment and trying not to be offended. Then he said he had something he wanted to show me, and slid his stool right over next to mine, so our legs were touching, pulled out his phone, and brought up a video. He clicked on it and I saw a video of me, naked, face covered in cum, sucking his cock, from his point of view. My face was really drenched in thick gooey cum, probably at least a dozen guys already if not more. It was at the room in the porn booth place, where I took on so many men. I'd never seen what I actually looked like from that angle giving a blowjob while my face is so covered in cum I can barely open my eyes and there's cum across my eye lashes. I'd seen photos of my face like that, but not video with me grunting and moaning as I got ass and throat fucked at the same time. I was shocked seeing myself like that!

We were sitting at the bar in the very crowded restaurant as he showed me his video of me. The video panned up to show that I was getting fucked in my ass while I sucked his cock, and there were half naked men all around waiting for a turn on me. While showing me the video he put his hand on my thigh and squeezed, then slid it up until it was on my growing bulge. I was so scared, embarrassed, and worried while watching that video of myself. The hot bartender was always nearby, but she didn't seem to notice he was showing me a porn video of myself. The video lasted about 5 minutes until he pulled out and came all over my face, all on video. He came a lot and it was thick and white and really added to my bukkake. He paused the video right at the end of a clos-up of my face so drenched in cum in a thick drippy layer. There was no denying it was me and that was a LOT of cum. He said "should I show this to the bartender?" I said no please. He said he had other videos of me from a different angle, of me getting fucked and sucking lots of guys. In the most charming way possible, probably looking like a really friendly conversation to the bartender and others, he said he now had my business card and if I don't do everything he wants he'll send the video he just showed me to everybody at my company. He told me to put my hand on his cock and feel how hard he was. I did it, both of us with our hands on the other's hard cock, right there at the bar. 

He told me to follow him and took my hand and pulled me off the stool and through the crowd at the front door waiting to get in, down a hallway to the bathrooms and he pulled me in to the men's room. He brought me into the only booth, and told me to get on my knees and suck his cock. He said if I didn't do it he would send out the videos of me. I got on my knees in the restaurant bathroom stall, in my dress pants and shirt, and pulled out his cock. It was a beautiful 9 or 10' black cock, perfectly shaped with a huge head and fat smooth black shaft, already hard. I started sucking the head of his cock and stroking the rest, I didn't know if I could even get my mouth much past the head, but after a minute of me stroking and sucking he grabbed the back of my head and started face fucking me. He wasn't gentle at all, and while he used one hand to fuck my face over and over, he used the other to film the whole thing with his phone, close-up of my face as he slammed his cock in my throat, deeper and deeper.

Letting a huge black man roughly face fuck me in a public restaurant bathroom was a very submissive act on my part, letting it happen, knowing the level of blackmail material he had on me. I knew the videos he had of me were extreme, and it was obviously me, no saying it was really someone else. Everyone at my company would see me naked getting bareback ass fucked by multiple guys while deep throating a huge black cock, my face already soaked in insane amounts of sperm as I sucked. I was sure it would get spread beyond just my company to my girlfriend, friends, family, or others. I decided nobody could see his videos, so I let him abuse me. Even though I also knew he was filming me again as he face-fucked me.

I was going to be giving a presentation to a large working group at work right after lunch, and this big black man was face fucking me, shoving his cock deeper and deeper down my throat each time, making me choke, gag, and drool all over my dress shirt. He fucked my mouth for at least 10 minutes, just over and over and over. I was covered in spit and drool and precum, my cock had already made a huge precum stain in the front of my slacks, and my eyes were getting red from the choking and gagging. He really didn't even let me try to give him a good blowjob, he just used my face and throat like a rough fuck hole, and abused the hell out of me until he finally groaned and pulled out and started spurting thick hot cum all over my face, over and over, at least 8 huge spurts, like a one-man bukkake. Finally he stopped cumming on my face and made me lick and suck his cock clean before he tucked it away. Then he said he would send me the video of what I just did, pulled me off the ground and led me out into the restaurant.

We walked out of the men's room and he turned away from the restaurant and brought me to the back door. He opened it, pushed me out, and closed it behind me. I was behind the restaurant in the alley, face completely covered in cum, shirt covered in slobber and spit and cum, pants obviously stained, looking like I came in my pants. But I didn't cum, I was rock hard in my stained pants. How was I going to get back to my office so covered in cum and spit?

I had no way of wiping off or cleaning any part of me. My cock was rock hard in my pants, sticking straight out like a tent, with a big wet spot. It looked like I came in my pants, but it was all precum. My car keys were back in my office, so I couldn't go to my car and drive away. I had to go back through the office, including my whole floor, to my office before I could do anything else. But my presentation was in less than 5 minutes. 

Walking the 2 blocks to my office I tried to scoop as much of the cum off my face and into my mouth as possible. By the time I got to the front door my face was wet and drippy with lots of cum, but nowhere near as obvious as when it was big spurts all over. I walked through the lobby trying not to catch anyone's eyes, made it to the elevator and in walked the girl who I consider the hottest in the whole company. I tried to keep my face pointing away and didn't even say hi to her, hoping I didn't reek of sperm too much. I got off at my floor and walked through the cubicles and interns before making it to my office. I closed and locked my office door, sent a notice to the working group that I was sick and would deliver my talk from my office so I don't get anyone sick. I got away with using the excuse of avoiding spreading germs to not go stand in front of a room of 30 people sitting in a conference room nearby. It was still weird to deliver the talk after such a crazy event, to the 30 people in the conference room and the other 20 or more via the video conference. I made it through, and right afterward I got out of there fast and went home. 

I've seen the large black man since then, and I may include that in another story. But suffice it to say, he keeps collecting more videos of me doing humiliating very gay things. I hope those videos never get seen by my friends, family, and colleagues. I'm afraid of the things he's going to make me do on video and how much I'm going to let him blackmail and abuse me.