 Hi everyone....This last chapter may be a little long because a LOT happens. If it's getting too big I'll break it down into another one. As you have already guessed the Boys are together but it almost doesn't work out that way. 

Blessings

Taylor




Anthony*

Oh my God!!! Will someone please shoot me now! I tried to think quietly but even that hurt my head. I swallowed and grimaced..Yuck! Like the bottom of a birdcage. I struggled to change my position and my stomach rolled. Groaning like some dying animal I held my head on my shoulders before it could explode.

I cracked one eye open and even though the curtains had been drawn, just the smallest amount of light hurt.

I heard a door open and someone sneak in. The rustle of feet against carpet was almost too much to bare.

I stretched out a clammy hand and begged to whoever it was. "Please...kill me now." I heard a soft chuckle and knew instantly who it was.

I withdrew my hand like I had been burnt. It all came flooding back. The meal, Shawn's betrayal. At the mere thought of food I knew I was going to throw up...Probably for the hundredth time since Shawn had bought me home. I couldn't move! Oh well guess I'll just vomit on myself. Gentle hands held my head and maneuvered my face over a bowl.

When I had finished, the disgusting mess was promptly taken away and a cool wash cloth placed against my throbbing forehead. "Anthony....? Baby....?" I heard Shawn's soft desperate voice. "Please forgive me." I actually really wanted to answer but opening my mouth for anything other than throwing up was just way too much effort. "Ok...I'll leave you to sleep. I'll be here when you need me. I love you."

Drifting back off into the welcoming blackness, I wasn't going to think about what would happen when I woke. Maybe I'd get lucky. The Big Guy upstairs would take pity on me and just let me die in my sleep!

It was dark when I woke again and I gingerly sat upright, waiting for my stomach to rebel but all I felt was a throbbing headache. I could just barely make out the room in the darkness and glancing to my right I saw a form asleep in one of the chairs. Judging by the way they were jammed in the chair it was Shawn. His tall frame was unmistakable.

I sat for a while considering my options. I could be a total coward and just say "fuck it" and walk away, which in the past would have been my usual response but he had captured my heart and even though he had been careless with it, I knew he hadn't done it maliciously. That just wasn't Shawn's style and as hurt as I was even I could admit that.

My other option was to be a grown up about it and work it out. That way was certainly more work but the reward would be worth it. Moving very carefully I went to the chair and knelt at Shawn's side. I reached up and moved a lock of hair from his forehead and stroked his cheek with my fingertips. He stirred and stretched and once again I was taken aback by his grace and beauty. "Hey handsome." Shawn was awake instantly, regret and pain written clearly on his face. He immediately began to apologize again. "Oh God baby...I'm so sorry...I'm." I cut him off with a finger to his lips.

"It's ok.... Stop. I am still mad and hurt but I know this is important to you and I know you can't promise me anything but Shawn...please I'm begging you...be extra careful.Ok?" He lent in to kiss me and I pulled away. "No wait....I desperately need a shower and to brush my teeth but you could do something for me." Shawn sprang to his feet, eager to please. "I think I would love a cup of coffee....strong please...very strong." I rose to my feet and wrapped him against my chest. Yes taking the mature approach had its benefits! 

Shawn melted against me and I realized that he had suffered too. He was trembling with exhaustion and probably hadn't eaten since our fight. I gently guided him to our bed and he looked at me, confused. "You need to sleep. I can make my own coffee. It's my turn to watch over you." I smiled at his puppy dog eyes and scruffy chin. I knelt to take his jeans and socks off. As bad as I was feeling I couldn't help but be turned on by being this close and it took a lot of willpower to let him be. Watching him crawl contentedly into bed I knew it would take a lot more than one stupid fight to dent our commitment to each other.

Shawn was almost asleep before his head hit the pillow and I whispered "sweet dreams" and quietly closed the door.

Padding to the kitchen I set up the coffee maker and watched the city lights for a minute. I said a silent prayer of thanks for Shawn and I knew the future held great things in store for us. 

Shawn*

The next few months flew by and all thoughts of our fight had been erased. I was thoroughly enjoying my new position in the unit and there was even a promotion in my future. I kept a lot of things to myself when it came to my job. I knew Anthony worried enough already and the ladder certainly put you more in the line of fire so to speak so when there were a few little ""incidents" I usually unloaded on Mike or Taylor. They let me decompress and even though they didn't totally agree with my methods they knew I had Anthony's best interests at heart.

Anthony never came to the station because it made him uncomfortable so when he showed up I was instantly concerned. I rushed to his side. "What is it? Is everything ok?" My questions came out in a breathless whoosh.

The smile on his face told me that all was ok and I relaxed. He glanced downwards and I followed his gaze. There in his hand was a picnic basket and I grinned like a fool. "What a great surprise! I knew I fell in love with you for a reason!" I picked him up and swung him around. Anthony whooped with delight and then a "ahem" broke us apart. I am sure we both went seven different shades of red. It was the Captain, trying to look stern but failing miserably. 

"So, you're the reason why my ladder man can't keep from smiling hmm?" His booming voice matched his body size. Anthony, as large as he was unconsciously moved behind me a little. "Sir, I'd like to introduce my partner Anthony. Anthony, this is the Captain." Anthony stepped around me and watched as his relatively large hand disappeared in the meaty grasp of my boss's enormous one. The Captain glanced at the basket and waved us away. "Well you're just about due for a meal break so go on up to the lunch room and bon appetite." 

Grinning like a couple of schoolboys we practically ran upstairs and began to devour the feast Anthony had packed. I watched as the food made it's way to Anthony's mouth and my cock twitched. Even watching him eat was sexy. Boy I had it bad! My desire must have been plain because Anthony smiled mischievously and purposefully began to eat in an erotic fashion. Licking drops of Mayo off his lips and letting little dribbles of water spill onto his T-shirt. His fingers brushed his nipples as he pretended to wipe off the spilled water. 

I lent in close and almost touched his lips with mine. "If you keep that up I'm going to have to teach you a lesson young man." I watched his pupils dilate at the thought of what I would do to him. He closed the gap between us and snaked his tongue out to lick my bottom lip. "Go on. I dare you." His voice went ragged with emotion. The risk of getting caught was enormous but that too was all part of the game. My boss was a forward thinking kind of guy but I am not sure how he would react if he walked in on us fucking on the lunch table! 

I wracked my brain for somewhere a little more private. The roof! We didn't go up there unless it was a company bbq or we had some major quiet days and wanted to catch some sun. Drawing Anthony against me I lead him to the stairs and pushed him through the door. The second we were out of view my hands were all over him.

I practically ripped his shirt off and pinched at his nipples while my mouth found his neck. Regaining my senses for a moment I rasped out "Wait..Please tell me you bought condoms with you?" He looked at me like I was stupid. "Do you actually think I would encourage you on like this and NOT have packed condoms?" Reaching into his jeans pocket he pulled out a foil packet.He was right. I should have known better. 

Continuing my assault on his body we made our way to the roof without falling down the stairs. I threw the door open and carried him to one of the deck chairs we had set up for catching the rays. Without pause I pushed my body against his and my trembling fingers found his button and zipper on his jeans. We were both breathing hard and my aching cock strained at my work pants, becoming rapidly uncomfortable. While I was busy with his jeans, Anthony had managed to undo the buttons on my shirt and was nipping at my chest, which drove me nuts!

He lifted his butt off the chair and I pushed his jeans and boxers unceremonisouly to his ankles. I gazed adoringly at his leaking cock and bent to lap at the moisture forming at the head. He was rock hard and little veins pulsed in time with his racing heart. 

"Tell me what you want." I whispered hotly against his ear. While Anthony tried to think coherently, I removed his jeans and boxers all together and my tongue found his puckered hole and lapped at it, breathing in his scent. His head went back and a low moan escaped his lips. "Please...please Shawn. I need....I need you inside me...Please!" He sounded so turned on which only made me want him more. I spat on a couple of fingers and eased them inside him. He growled loudly and his fingers wrapped themselves in my hair. 

I met his lips with mine and pushed my tongue into his mouth. All the while my fingers are buried in his ass, teasing his prostate. His moaning increased and I knew he was ready. I hurridly removed my pants. Sheathing my aching cock in latex I withdrew my fingers and in one smooth motion buried myself to the hilt. 

Anthony stopped moving and his breathing stopped for a few seconds. His hands fought for purchase on my back and his ass muscles drew me in and held me tight. 

"My God you feel fantastic Anthony! Tell me what you want baby." I could hardly form the words as I teetered dangerously close to the edge. Anthony's eyes went back in his head and I don't think he even heard me. His hands moved to my ass and pushed me in deeper. I lent in to kiss him passionately and his breath tickled my ear. "Fuck me Shawn...fuck me hard." I drew back a little to gaze at his face. His lips were swollen from our kisses and his chest heaved with exertion. I fell in love with him all over again. 

His cock was trapped between our stomachs and leaked copious amounts of pre cum which obviously felt great because just the smallest movement from me caused him to arch his back to get closer.

I began to pound into him with long hard strokes and I felt myself getting close. Anthony's teeth bit at his lower lip and I knew he was almost there too. I moved back a little and straightened his legs against my shoulders, he moaned with pleasure at the change in position. I reached down to take his cock into my hand and milked him in earnest. 

"Shawn...I'm so close...Don't stop! That feels wonderful." I redoubled my efforts and took us both over together. I let loose with a loud yell and emptied myself into Anthony and I felt his hot come hit my chest and his ass clamped around me. Staying buried inside I let myself collapse against Anthony and reveled in the feeling of being so connected with him. His arms came around me and squeezed me tightly against him. "Have I ever told you I love you?" I could hear the smile in his voice. 

Before I could reply, the station alarm went off. Withdrawing quickly I peeled the condom off and started to run towards the stairs. Lucky for me Anthony stopped me. "Um baby...You'd better put some clothes on." I looked down at my nakedness and smiled sheepishly. "I mean I would love it if you went around naked but I don't think your Captain would appreciate it." 

I moved quickly, getting dressed in my uniform almost without thinking. Then remembering where I was, I stopped for a minute. I looked to Anthony for understanding. Reading my thoughts he waved me away. "Go. It's ok....Go do what you do....Just please stay safe ok." Bending to give him a quick kiss I ran to join my team. 

On the way to the fire I noticed the other guys looking at me funny. "What gives? What's the joke fellas?" I inquired. One of the guys, Thompson, touched his neck then made kissing noises. Still I didn't get it. I glanced towards the front of the truck at the rear view mirror. Comprehension dawned on me. There on my neck was one heck of a hickey! Glancing sidelong at the Captain I moved back to my seat. He turned to look at me. "That must have been one hell of a lunch break Hughes." Which of course brought forth loud laughter at my expense. Rolling my eyes and grinning I stared out the window, watching the world move by and wondering what our next job had waiting for us. 

Anthony*

As I watched Shawn go, I sent up a little prayer for his safety and that of his team. It was becoming a little superstition of mine and I did it every time he left our apartment. I glanced around at the aftermath of our lovemaking and smiled. It was always like this with us. Hot and passionate and if I had anything to do with it, it would always remain so.

I stood and retrieved my clothes and dressed quickly. I didn't know if they all went to a job or if someone stayed behind and I didn't want to risk being caught. There wasn't a trashcan so I hid the condom in a dead plant. That would be nice surprise for the person who changed out the plant! Leaning over the edge of the roof I could see the lights of the engine way ahead and the siren wailing almost sounded like crying. Not wanting to watch Shawn disappear in the distance I collected the discarded lunch items and went back downstairs. The firehouse was almost spooky in the sudden quiet and I wondered if the ghosts of dead unit members still lingered. 

I wound my way back to our building, taking a different route to put off going home to an empty space. I often enjoyed the stillness but this afternoon I wouldn't have minded some more snuggle time with Shawn.

I caught the elevator up, unlocked the door and went inside. I dumped the lunch stuff on the kitchen counter and went to the sofa, promising to clean up after. Reaching for the remote I channel surfed for a while and finally settled on an old black and white western. I tried to keep my eyes open but soon found myself drifting off to sleep. 

What was that odd sound? My half-asleep brain couldn't recognize the insistent buzzing noise. It stopped for a minute and then started again. My cell phone! My phone must have still been on vibrate. What time was it anyway? I glanced at the clock. 9pm! I had been sleeping for more than five hours! I looked at the caller ID. I didn't know the number but answered anyway. "Yes? Hello?" I heard a scratchy voice on the other end. "Hello? Hello? Is that Anthony? Anthony Mills?" I could barely hear. It sounded like the person was talking through a windstorm. 

I yelled to make sure he heard me. "Yes this is he. Who is this?" I don't remember a great deal of the hurried conversation but what I did, went something like this. "Mr. Mills, this is Captain George Whalen calling from Shawn Hughes unit. Listen to me now ok. We had a building collapse on us and we lost a few unit members, Shawn was one of them. They were buried under the rubble but we dug them out. They're all on their way to Harbor View." I don't think I passed out but I know my knees gave way and I sunk to the floor.

"Mr. Mills? Anthony? I don't know what his condition is but you need to get there now ok. I'll meet you there as soon as I get things wrapped up here." There was silence as he hung up. Somehow Taylor and Mike arrived, I guessed I called them? I couldn't string two words together so they took charge. They got me into a sweater and shoes and bundled me out the door to a waiting taxi. I don't think I took one breath on the way to the hospital. I knew that Harbor View was where all the critical cases went and most often they didn't make it. 

Taylor held me close and rubbed at my body to warm me up. My teeth were chattering and I shook all over. Shock I guess? It felt like sleepwalking as we moved through the corridors to the ICU. Every where I looked there were other firemen. Some I knew and some I didn't. Most were black with ash and all had that lost sad look. 

Nurses hurried by all with important jobs to do and I felt like screaming at them to help Shawn! I have no idea how much time when by but soon three doctors in blue scrubs walked tiredly towards us. Everyone went deathly quiet. One of the doctors acted as spokesperson. "Who is Captain Whalen?" The Captain broke through the others and stepped forward. "I'm sorry sir but we lost two of the three that were brought in." He looked at his notes. "A Jack Gibson and Marty White." A woman standing in the corner collapsed and sobbed hysterically. Wait! I thought. What about Shawn? 

The doctor answered my silent plea. " Shawn Hughes, the other fireman is in critical condition. It's going to be touch and go for the next 48 hours. If he makes it through he has a 50/50% chance of recovery. He sustained some pretty substantial spinal injuries but we won't know more until a few days." The surgeon hung his head in exhaustion. He looked around the room with bloodshot eyes. "I'm very sorry." He walked slowly away, taking my hope with him. 

I felt the room spin and all the blood rushed out of my face. Taylor caught me just in time to save me from hitting the floor. He rocked me against his chest as I sobbed silently. "Shhh. It's all going to be ok baby. He's a fighter. It's all going to be ok." All I could think was that I wished I had that kind of optimism. 

This is going to get way too long so I'll end it here and write more later. I won't spoil the ending but I will tell you that it does all work out in the end, just not the way you expect. Also the only real names I used are ours. The other firemen who passed have made up names to respect their privacy. 

Blessings

Taylor.