 I used to live in a small apartment, in Los Angeles, with my roommate Jake. One night, while I was sitting in the living room watching T.V., the door opened and Jake burst in. He seemed to be really upset.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"I broke up with Lisa," he replied.

"I'm really sorry, man!" I said.

"She told me she's in love with another man!" Jake exclaimed.

"That makes it even worse. What can I do for you, buddy?" I asked. I really wanted to cheer him up.

"I don't know. I just want to relax and think about it," Jake said.

"Do you wanna watch a movie or something?" I asked.

"I rented a really good one from the video store last night," he said reluctantly.

"What's it about?" I asked, pleased to see that he wanted to leave behind the whole "Lisa affair."

"It's a prison movie. You know: guards, cons, jailbreaks etc. Go bring a couple of beers and I'll put on the videotape," he said.

It was a really hot summer night, so I was wearing just a pair of jeans. When I came back from the kitchen, I saw Jake sitting on the couch in his underwear.

"I can't stand the heat!" he exclaimed.

"Yeah, it's too damn hot in here!" I said and sat down.

In the opening scene of the film, the prisoners were in the showers. Suddenly, one of them grabbed another guy's cock and started jerking him off. A few minutes later, the first guy was on all fours and the other prisoner was fucking his ass. I looked at Jake.

"The guy at the video store must have given me the wrong tape!" he said trying to find an excuse for himself.

"Wrong tape or not, someone is really turned on!" I said staring at his dick, which was standing at attention underneath his briefs.

"The truth is that I'm sick and tired of women, Tom. I've decided to turn on men!" he said.

"You must be joking!" I said laughing.

"No, I'm not. I've seen you in the shower, Tom. Your ass is really sexy. I want to be the first to take you!" Jake said.

"I'm sorry but I can't do that, man!" I protested.

"Come on, Tom. We're friends. Nobody has to know. It will be our little secret," he whispered.

"Once you've 'unsealed' your 'back door,' there's no turning back!" I said decisively.

"The first time doesn't count. And there won't be a second time unless you want to. Besides," he said pulling down his briefs, "can you resist this big, hard cock? Don't you wanna suck it? Don't you wanna feel it inside you?" he asked.

Jake was almost begging me and I wanted to make him feel better. Moreover, the sight of his erect shaft made me want to fuck.

"All right!" I said. "I'll do you a favour but you have to promise not to hurt me. After all, it's my first time."

"I promise!" Jake said. "And if you must know, this is also my first time."

We went to the bedroom right away. Jake sat on the edge of the bed and I kneeled before him. I started jerking him off. I had never done this before but it felt good. His tool was as hard as it could be. Then, I licked his balls, sucking each one of them. Moving upwards, I flicked my tongue at his cockhead.

"Don't be shy. Suck my rod, Tom!" Jack urged me.

I buried his dick in my mouth. My lips moved rapidly up and down as I swallowed his burning spear. Jake moaned with pleasure, while I sucked his cockhead, squeezing his balls. Then, he got up and grabbed the sides of my head, forcing it over his massive shaft. I felt his cock filling my mouth once again and pushing down my throat. Jake began fucking my mouth ruthlessly, pulling my head towards his tool. 

Having enjoyed my oral service, it was now time for the main course. He told me to lie on the bed facing him. I took off my jeans and my underwear and followed his instructions.

"Remember, you promised not to hurt me!" I said.

"Don't worry, I'll be gentle with your virgin hole!" Jake reassured me.

I spread my legs and he pushed half of his cockhead in my asshole. Then, he put the rest of his cockhead inside, moving with extreme caution.

"Are you ready for the whole package?" he asked.

"As ready as I'll ever be!" I answered.

Jake slowly pushed his dick inside my hole and began fucking it very gently.

"How does it feel?" he asked.

"Great! I'm really having fun!" I replied enthusiastically.

Suddenly, Jake pulled out and grabbed two pairs of handcuffs he had hidden under the bed. Then, he told me to turn around and lie on all fours. I became a little bit worried.

"What's with the handcuffs?" I asked.

"It will be more fun like this. Trust me. You won't regret it!" he said smiling.

Jake handcuffed my hands to the metal posts of the bed and he ordered me to spread my legs. My body formed an "X" and my ass was at his total mercy.

"Now, I'm gonna make a man out of you!" he shouted and with a violent thrust he pushed the full length of his dick in my asshole. The pain was tremendous. I urged him to stop and keep his promise but he wouldn't listen. He began fucking me really hard. Again and again, he pounded my virgin hole.

"Stop! You're hurting me!" I yelled.

"No pain, no gain!" he said fucking me even faster.

Gradually, the pain turned to pleasure. I got used to this powerful sensation and began to enjoy myself.

"Yeah! Give it to me!" I screamed.

But Jake pulled out. He wanted to tease me and he started rubbing his tool on my asshole.

"Why did you stop?" I asked angrily.

Jake was now slapping my ass with his cock. I felt so horny, I couldn't see straight.

"I want you to beg for more!" he said.

"Please, Jake, fuck my asshole really hard!" I said.

"What do you want me to do to you, Tom?" he asked triumphantly.

"I want you to slide your big, fat dick in my tight ass, Jake!" I yelled.

Jake was satisfied at last. He resumed pounding my hole, harder than before. His massive shaft was stretching me out.

"Yeah! Fuck my ass! Harder!" I moaned.

Jake was unstoppable. As his tool rammed deep inside my asshole, his balls slapped loudly against my ass.

"Deeper! Oh, Jake, you're so hard!" I shouted.

My tight ass was all he could ever wish for. He shoved his cock deeper and deeper. Each thrust was more vigorous than the previous one. He had developed a powerful rhythm fucking my ass and slapping it hard.

"Shake your ass, Tom, I'm gonna cum!" he grunted.

"Cum in my ass, big boy!" I said lustfully.

Jake kept going. Suddenly, his dick exploded shooting several blasts of hot cum in my asshole. His cream flooded my ass. Then, he pulled out wiping his rod on my cheeks.

"There's nothing better than a tight male hole, eh Tom?" he said giving me a friendly slap on the ass.

A week later, I found out that Jake hadn't brought the wrong videotape and that Lisa had broken up with him because she discovered that he liked to fuck other men. He had organised this whole plot just to fuck my virgin asshole. Because of his deception, I decided to move out of the apartment. However, I didn't have any regrets about my anal experience. Jake was my first but he wasn't going to be my last...