 He had left me there.

There I was kneeling at attention in the middle of the room, hole plugged, and eyes covered by this hood. He had walked out of the room 10?...20?...30 minutes ago? I don't actually know. The shower water shut off. My mind began to race a bit thinking of the room I saw when I turned around to suck his cock. Just a glimpse. But I saw a sling. A large bed. A bench of some kind. And a shallow cabinet in the corner.

The door opened. He walked over to me. I could tell he was naked. The overwhelming smell of that clean man scent filled my nose. He raised me to my feet from under my armpits with ease. I felt myself get lifted off the ground and over his shoulder. He took a few steps and lay me down on the bed. 

Laying on my back, feet flat, and legs spread. He positioned himself in between my legs with his cock resting next to my caged cock. For the first time, I began to strain a bit. He just sat and took in my body for a moment. He reached for the plug and began to pull it out slowly until the end popped out.

"Ya know, you really are a pretty boi. Much prettier without all that scruff all over your body. I'm a lucky man." He ran his thumbs over my nipples with hands flat on my chest. I gasped and moaned softly. His hands ran slowly down my sides and under my ass. He squeezed and let out a low growl. I let out a slight moan. Feeling his hair against my smooth skin was driving me crazy.

He continued to run his hands up my legs and lifted them up onto his shoulder. I couldn't believe how good his hands felt against my smooth legs as he ran past my calves and grabbed my feet. 

I felt so vulnerable right then. My legs bent and pressed against my chest as he examined every part of my body. He suddenly moved his hands under my knees and spread my legs open still pushing them all the way back. I could feel the air on my hole. He spit. It hit my hole. He moved forward and rubbed it in with his cock. 

He leaned forward and gave my neck a peck. I arched my back a bit. He dove back in, kissing my neck deeply while running his tongue all over the place. I started to take in every part of him. The way he way pressing against my smooth chest with his hairy one. His weight on top of me I couldn't get enough of. I was starting to melt into him.

"How are you doing, boi?"

"Really...good...Sir." I was trying to catch my breath. 

"And it's about to get even better."

He climbed onto my chest. "Open your mouth. You're going to make me feel good. Is that what you want?"

"Yes, Sir."

"Yes, Sir what?"

"I want to make you feel so good. I need this, Sir."

"You beg better than any of my new subs usually do. I'm going to have to keep you around. You have potential. I'd love to take care of you. Would you like that, boi?"

"Yes, Sir."

"Good." He pushed the head of his cock between my lips and stopped. "Do you want it?"

I mumbled over his cock, "Please let me have your cock, Sir." He didn't hesitate. As soon as the words left my lips, he plunged his cock down my throat. I started to gag, then relaxed. He left it there for a moment and I worked his cock with my tongue and throat. 

He pulled out and flipped me over. He sat on my ass as he reached up under the pillows and revealed restraints. He put my wrist in each. He moved back between my legs.

He opened my ass with a hand on each cheek. He leaned in until I could feel his breath on my hole. I arched my back begging for it. I felt his tongue press flat against my hole. He really started to eat my hole out.

"I can't wait." He moved his cock up against my hole. "You really are something else. I like you a lot. And I'm going to make you mine now, boi." It sent chills all over my body when the words left his lips. 

His cock began to slide in me slowly. Having been hooded for so long, I was so disoriented I couldn't tell you how long. I felt his big cockhead open my lips and his girth filled me. He rested his hands on my lower back and pushed down as he put another inch inside of me. "I want you to relax and really let me in." A hand slipped around my neck.

"I'll do whatever you want, Sir. I need you in me. I love the way you make me feel." I moaned. I was more than ready to take him and show him what I could do with my hole. 

He slid the rest of his cock inside. Right as the base of his cock was all the way inside, I felt a kiss on my neck and the weight of his body on mine. He began to pump his cock in and out of me. I hadn't felt this full in a long time. My cock twitched in its cage and I was gasping and moaning with each thrust. He lifted back off of me and opened my hole again. 

"Show me that pussy, boi. Let me see how well you open up for me."

He pulled his cock out until just the head remained. He rest there for a few moments then pulled the head out. I could feel my hole gape a bit and he must have liked it. A hard slap on my ass! "Damn, your pissy is delicious and hungry, isn't it boi?"

"Please, Sir. Breed me and use me to get off. I want your load in me. I want to be yours."

He plunged all the way back into my hole at once. He pulled all the way out. He repeated this several times before speeding up to a nice rhythm in coming out my hole. I was so loose now he was sliding in and out with ease.

"I'm going to cum, boi." 

"Please cum in my pussy, Sir."

Hearing myself acknowledge my hole as a pussy caught me off guard. Something about hearing me say those words sent him over the edge. His cock began to pulse and he started to cum deep in me. My body started to shake as he continued to fill me up. I gasped as he lay on top of me and grabbed me by the throat. 

He kept thrusting as I milked every drop from his cock. He just lay there. He whispered, "You made me feel so good and are exactly what I'm looking for in a boi. Would really enjoy turning this into a real pussy. Now, I'm going to pull out of you, release your restraints, and get up to shower. Once I leave the room, you are to get up, get your things, and leave. If you agree to being my boi, be back here at 830pm tomorrow night. Understood?"

"Yes, Sir."

He began to remove his cock from my hole. As the tip slipped out, I felt it replaced with a medium sized plug. My pussy swallowed it. He unlocked my cock, took off my collar, and released my hands. I fell a kiss on the back of my neck, and his hands run down my back, across my cheeks, and down my legs as he got off the bed. He walked out of the room. 

I lay there for a few minutes as I heard the shower water turn on. I got up slowly, walked to where my things were by the door. I put on my shirt. As I picked up my pants, I noticed something. My boxers had been replaced by a see thru lacey thong. I held it up to examine it for a moment.

I smirked. He knew. And I knew. I slipped them on, pulled them tight against the plug, and got dressed. I opened the door and walked out. I would be be back within 24 hours to see the man who I wanted to serve. The one who I wanted to be owned by. 

When I got home, I couldn't help but work my hole with His plug. Tomorrow he would let me become His. Nothing else was on my mind. Just Him.

To be continued...

—————————