 The door was locked and my lights off. I huddled on the bed wrapped in a thick blanket. I'd showered twice, and still felt like I couldn't get clean. I'd never experienced anything like this. My naiveté had been ripped away, and the mental anguish had been much worse than I'd expected. 

There was a soft knock at the door. Just leave me alone. Can't they get that? 

"Nate. It's Eli. Let me in. I need to know you're okay."

"Me too, Nate. Let us in." The voice this time was Jamie.

Crap. I guess I can't ignore both of them. I wrapped the blanket around me and shuffled to the door, opening it slightly. "I'm okay, guys. I just need some time to process everything."

Eli stuck his foot in the doorway. "No. You're coming up with all these ways it's somehow your fault. Let us in."

I struggled with the decision for a moment. "Okay, but I'm not the best of company tonight."

Eli and Jamie piled into the room with snacks, drinks and movies. Eli pulled me to the bed and handed me an open beer. Shocked, I looked at him, the only response was his ever present grin. "It won't kill you. Relax."

Jamie crawled onto the other side as the newest action comedy flick started. Jamie curled against my right side while my head rested on Eli's stomach. Snuggling with my favorite two men did wonders for my mental state.

I peered through my barely cracked eyelids and moaned. Our night lasted into the early morning hours and I'd had far more than one beer. The slight headache and foul taste seemed to be my only punishment. As I drifted awake, I realized I was spooning Eli, and both of us were in our underwear. My cock was much more awake than I was and doing its best to get to Eli.

He stretched and turned to me with a smile. "Morning, handsome. How're you feeling."

Eli's small body wedged against mine felt right. My morning boner only got harder as Eli ran his hand down my side. With a tender expression, he leaned in for a kiss. The sight of his deep red lips with his morning scruff was sexy as hell. A faintly funky man smell drifted through my nose as our lips connected. 

The jolt of electricity firing through me from the kiss could power half the city. Eli pushed me onto my back and lay on top. His hands were everywhere, leaving a trail of fire. I slid my hands down his back to cup his ass. As I tightened my grip on his round little butt, Eli moaned into my mouth. Our crotches ground against each other as the heat between us built. The wiry hair coating Eli's legs fanned the flames higher. I love guys with hairy legs and Eli's against mine brought me to a whole new level of horny. 

I closed my eyes to focus on the sensations as Eli kissed down my neck and his hand slid across my stomach. My body was primed with sexual tension as Eli's fingertips slipped under the edge of my underwear. His other hand drifted upward and rubbed over my nipple. I was about to burst.

Eli kissed me again and whispered, "You okay? We can stop if you want."

I shook my head. My cock was leaking like a cheap faucet and my nuts were hugging my rock hard shaft. I'd never wanted anything so much in my life. 

"I'm ready. Damn, you have me so hard."

Eli nipped down the side of my neck. "Do you have condoms?"

I hesitated. "Ah, Eli. I'm not sure I'm ready for..."

Eli flicked my nipple again. "Not for anal. You need protection for oral sex, too. Remember the program they had at the GSA?"

"Oh." I thought quickly. Remembering the take homes I'd gotten at the end of the safer-sex discussion. I flipped over and furiously pawed through my nightstand. I rolled back to Eli holding two foil squares. "Bingo! I hope you like strawberry."

Eli laid them to one side. "Strawberry is fine. But at this point ass flavored would work I'm so horny."

I chuckled and gasp when Eli's hand slipped inside my underwear and grabbed my hard cock. I almost unloaded. 

"Damn, Eli! Much more and I'll cream my pants."

"That's bad?" asked Eli as he eased his hand down my throbbing shaft.

"Oh, damn..."

Eli chuckled. "I didn't think you'd have any problem."

He kicked the sheet off us. Our eyes met. I swallowed hard and nodded. His fingers pushed my underwear down until it contained my swollen cock by the barest of margins. With a final tug, it popped from its confines and slapped against my stomach. Eli grabbed it tight and pulled the foreskin down exposing the deep red crown. Releasing the skin, he watched it curl back.

"Nice, very nice."

I blushed at the compliment, feeling inordinately pleased. I flexed my cock and it slapped against my stomach. We both chuckled and Eli grabbed a condom. He winked at me, ripped open the package and unrolled it down my cock. I fought for control as each touch sent me closer. Eli moved nearer, his lips caressed my dick as his fingers trailed over my balls.

"Oh, God!"

Eli froze. "You okay?"

I tossed the other condom to him. "Wrap it up. I want to get in on the action, too."

Eli stripped quickly. In seconds, he covered his cock and was laying beside me. He gave me a kiss and then flipped so I was staring at his crotch. I gasped as his mouth closed around my dick. The pleasure Eli created sent me into spirals of delirium. 

I grabbed the base of Eli's cock and pulled him close. Running my tongue from base to tip, I flicked my tongue around the pulsing head. My crotch tightened as I raced toward climax. I jacked the base of Eli's cock as I worked my mouth over the crown. The dance continued as my orgasm began. Lost in the euphoria, my first round shot into the condom. I collapsed against the bed, submerged under waves of pleasure. After a few moments, I lay gasping for air.

Eli's smiling face appeared above me. "How was that?"

Without a word I pushed Eli onto his back and started jerking his cock. I pulled off his condom and my hand flew up and down his hard shaft. In less than a dozen strokes, the first ribbon of white shot up Eli's torso. He twitched and moaned as his nuts emptied. The last of his come oozed from the tip and ran down my hand. I grinned at Eli and wiped my hand over his side. 

"I think that's yours," I said.

Eli pulled my face to his and we kissed again. "Give me a sec to clean up. That was fucking amazing."

Eli raced to the bathroom and I could hear running water a few seconds later. I realized I had business to take care of too, and disposed of the filled condom. I was relaxing in bed when Eli dove back in and curled against me. I spooned against Eli, enjoying the feeling of his bare body in my arms. Eli snuggled tighter against me and sighed.

"Love you," whispered Eli as he drifted off.

I froze, unable to respond. What have I done?

#

"Have you ever played this game?"

I grinned at Eli. We were together a lot now, and I still hadn't worked out all my emotions over us. But I knew Eli was becoming my best friend. Beyond that, my feelings about our relationship were convoluted. But one things certain, sex with someone else was a huge improvement over jacking off alone, even if we hadn't gotten any further than mutual hand jobs and oral sex. 

"Hey, earth to Nate."

I shook myself from spacing out and bumped against Eli playfully. "I'm here. And no. I haven't played before. This game supposed to be the scariest game in the last year."

Eli dumped a bag of chips into a bowl as we got snacks ready for the evening. "Well when I'm sleeping in your shorts tonight, you'll know I didn't deal well with the game you picked."

I grabbed us both some pop, I'd had enough of a hangover from the one night of beer, and settled on the bed, controller in hand. "Come on, get your little butt over here."

Eli settled on the bed with a bowl in each hand. One full of chips and the other some kind of sugar-coated popcorn. With the food settled around them on the floor and bed, I jumped up again and flipped off the light. With only the light from the screen, I turned on the game.

#

"Holy fucking shit!" screamed Eli as he back peddled up the bed.

I laughed and hid my character under the virtual bed before turning back to Eli. "The mental patients getting to you?"

"Damn! Why didn't that scare the shit out of you?"

"It's scary, I guess it just doesn't get to me the way it does you."

The lights came on and bright light flooded the room. "Oh shit, I need a minute to recover. We're out of food anyway."

I chuckled at Eli as he started rummaging through my tiny fridge. "There's some grapes in a container, if you want something beside stoner food."

Eli grinned and flipped me off. "Fuck you, Nate. This is pure gamer food, not stoner chow."

"Yeah, like there's a difference. Hurry up. I'm ready to see what happens next."

Eli grabbed the grapes and a two-liter bottle of something green and full of sugar and caffeine. He flipped the light off and jumped into bed with me. We were involved with the game when loud voices came from the living room. It sounded like Jamie and Michael.

"Michael, you're drunk again. Let's get some sleep."

"I'm horny as hell. Come on and give me a little."

"No! Not again. I'm tired of this one sided relationship. You can't keep taking and never giving." The response was the sound of things breaking and loud curses. Then the hallway door banged into the wall followed by a slam that shook the walls.

"Fuck you, Jamie. I can find some ass if you're too good to put out." The door slammed and silence filled the space.

After a few minutes, Eli sighed. "Well, Fuck! So much for fright night. Let's check on him."

"Really? You'd be okay with that?" I asked at a whisper.

The soft sound of sobbing drifted to us through the door. I could feel Eli tense against me, and then slump.

"Come on. We can't leave him out there by himself. He's actually a nice guy, even if he is far too good looking for his own good."

#

"I'm starved. Let's grab some pizza," said Eli.

I glanced over about the same time as my stomach growled. "I think you have my vote. Apparently my stomach thinks it needs fed."

Eli walked over to me and started rubbing my shoulders. It only took a few passes before I collapsed onto the bed and was letting out a little groan each time Eli dug his fingers into my neck. After a few minutes his hands slid under my shirt and the feel of his hot hands against my skin was doing more than relaxing my tense muscles. When Eli ran his fingernails down my back, I groaned and rolled over.

"You keep that up and we won't be going anywhere."

"And would that be so bad?"

My stomach growled again, this time even louder. "Apparently we're being out voted."

Eli patted my stomach and grinned. "Let's go get him fed, and then see what you're up to."

"Oh, I'm up to quite a bit."

Eli shoved me to the side of the bed. "Come on. I have something new to show you."

I cocked an eyebrow and looked at him. "What are you planning?"

"Don't you worry about it. Just something to keep you on your toes."

"Ah, come on! Don't be a prick."

"I'd watch what you call your boyfriend, or you might not get the present later," said Eli.

Boyfriend? Eli and I are boyfriends now? My stomach growled again. "Let's go before my body holds a rebellion. 

A short time later we were walking into the pizza place. The waiter motioned us to a table. "Go ahead, guys. I'll be with you in a minute."

We sat in the booth he'd indicated and started looking over the menu. Although it wasn't like we hadn't seen it a few times a week for the entire semester. The waiter arrived in a few minutes with a glass of water for each of us. He sat everything down and then smiled at us. "Well, gentlemen. I'm Kyle. What can I get you tonight?"

Eli grinned at me before he turned to Kyle. "We're thinking something hot. Like smoking hot. Curl your toes and make your neighbors pound on the wall and tell you to shut up hot."

Kyle smiled at both of us, and I could feel the heat radiating from my face. What the hell? Eli never did this. Not that I was particularly offended or anything, but it didn't seem like the normally quiet Eli. Actually, the whole thing was kind of turning me on.

"We can add enough jalapeño peppers to anything to make it hot."

Eli winked at me and leaned closer to Kyle. "What would you suggest? What toppings would be kinky, twisted and make you moan with pleasure when your tongue goes through them."

Damn, Eli! I had to adjust myself. The whole conversation was starting to make me hard. When I glanced at Kyle, he was only smiling. "I'd say the ton-o-meat pizza with extra sausage...and peppers. Then you can have all the beef you can swallow."

Oh, crap! What are these two doing? Kyle walked off and I turned to Eli. "You're crazy. What if you'd offended the guy or something?"

Eli chuckled. "I know Kyle's girlfriend. She told me he'd think it was funny."

I leaned back against the booth and studied Eli as I tried to reconcile this new side of him.

The rest of the meal went quietly, although there were a few more innuendo shared between Eli and Kyle. The pizza was actually delicious, and Eli and I stuffed ourselves. Through the entire meal, Eli kept making comments that had me laughing. We made our way back to his apartment. As soon as the door was shut, he took me in a hard kiss.

"You ready for your surprise?"

"Crap! I'd completely forgotten." I grinned at Eli. "Yes, what's my surprise?"

"Come with me." Eli grabbed my arm and pulled me into the bedroom. He pushed me backward onto the bed and then walked between my legs. He smiled at me, then launched himself. Unprepared, I was barely able to catch Eli before he crashed on top of me.

"Fuck! Careful or the family jewels will be damaged."

Eli took my face between his hands and kissed me. The kiss began with passion, but by the time our lips slipped apart, I was panting from excitement and hard as a rock. It took me a moment before I could form coherent words.

"Okay, you have my attention. And if that was the surprise, I'm good with that."

"Nope, not the surprise." Eli rolled off me and rummaged through his nightstand for a few seconds and then came back with a surgical glove and a pair of scissors.

I stared at him and finally asked. "What the hell are those for?"

"Well, I thought it might be fun to take the sex a little further. So I got these."

I looked from Eli to the things in his hands and then back again. "Sorry, Eli. I don't get it."

Eli grinned and without a word cut the fingers off the glove and then split the loop of silicon that was left along the opposite side. He opened the rectangle and grinned. "See, instant dental dam."

I looked at it for a moment and then asked what was to me the obvious question. "Why didn't you cut it down the thumb side?"

Eli grinned, held the rectangle up, and stuck his tongue into the thumb and started wiggling it.

I watched him for a second, then started giggling.

#

"I'm not getting it! I hate this crap."

Eli crawled across the bed so he could see what I was doing. "It's biology. How can you hate biology? It's your major."

"What if I don't want to go to med school? What if I want to major in art? I liked art in high school."

Eli sighed. "Then change majors. People change majors all the time."

"I can't change majors! What would my parents think?"

Eli stopped rubbing my shoulders and leaned down to kiss my cheek. "You can't do this for your parents. Why did you decide to be a doctor anyway?"

I dropped my eyes, not wanting to meet Eli's gaze. "You know why. I've told you."

"No. You haven't. You do this every time. You blow up about a class you have to take for med school. You rant about changing majors. When I ask why you are pre-med, you avoid the question."

"No, I don't"

"Tell me then. We'll see if I remember."

I hesitated. I knew I'd never told Eli. I'd never told anyone at school about Evan. My brother who had to fight to function with a world that didn't understand him. I wasn't embarrassed, or was I? I tried a last dodge. "I told you before. I shouldn't have to tell you again."

"Bullshit. Now I know you're avoiding the question. It can't possibly be that big of a deal."

"Fine. I'm here because my brother Evan has ASD."

Eli's face contorted as he considered my answer. "What's ASD? It sounds familiar."

"Austim Spectrum Disorder."

Eli sat quietly, his mouth opening and closing several times before he spoke. He stopped, and gave me a sad smile. "No, you'd never told me."

"Evan's cool. I wish life wasn't so difficult for him. I think that's why I want to be a doctor."

Eli nodded. "Sounds like a good reason. So, now that you remember it's for Evan, how hard is the class?"

I was speechless. I'd never put the situation in those terms. After a few long moments, I grinned. "Smartass."

"Get your butt busy and maybe I'll have a surprise for you."

"A surprise? And will I like this surprise?"

Eli pushed my face away. "Not if you don't finish your homework."

I kissed Eli a last time, and went back to studying. The next few hours didn't exactly fly past, but I focused on the textbook with the new found intensity Eli had given me. I was digesting the chapter on meiosis when Eli gripped my shoulders again, and I jumped.

"You're a little nervous," said Eli. 

I brought his hand to my lips and kissed it. "You told me to study, I was studying."

"And you were a good boy. How would you like your surprise?"

Heat raced up my face as Eli gave me 'that look'. "I'd love my surprise."

Eli spun me around and then knelt in front of my chair. He looked up at me and grinned as he curled his fingers in the waistband of my sweats and as he pulled them lower, Eli found out I hadn't put on underwear after my shower. He grinned at me.

"A little free balling tonight?"

I grinned sheepishly. "Maybe."

Eli tugged again, I lifted my butt and he slid them lower. In a few seconds he had them around my ankles. I thrashed around for a minute while I kicked off my pants. As they sailed through the air, my feet hit the floor and I spread my legs as far as the chair would allow. Eli grinned and grabbed my rapidly growing dick in his hand. He stroked it a few times before looking at me.

"You ready?"

"Sure!" Eli kept coming up with new and fun ways for us to enjoy each other. I suspected I could find the source of his ideas by looking at the history on his browser, but that would spoil the fun.

Eli trapped my now hard cock against my stomach, leaned in—and sucked one of my nuts into his mouth.

"Ah, fuck!"

Eli released me and looked concerned. "You okay?"

"Yes, hell yes. That felt amazing."

Eli grinned and dropped back between my legs. The minutes went by as he licked and sucked on my nuts. The precum leaking from my cock covered my stomach as my nuts were tongued and tugged. The heat was gathering when Eli started stroking my dick.

"Fuck, I'm not going to last long."

Eli never varied, his tongue and lips felt amazing as his hand pumped me closer and closer. Eli tugged at my nut sack, his hand slowed, teasing me as the pressure built. I scooted lower in the chair, when Eli let my ball pop out of his mouth. He started stroking my nuts as he jerked me off.

"Fuck!"

My first shot landed on Eli's cheek. I was surprised when he closed his eyes and mouth and lean closer. The next streams of cum crisscrossed Eli's face as my nuts emptied. The last of my load oozed out and landed with a splat on the floor. 

Eli was coated with white. I leaned down and kissed his nose, then ran my tongue over his face and through the bittersweet pools.

Eli's eyes flew open and he grinned as I wiped his face with my shirttail.

"My turn!" said Eli.