 As a young man, I had discovered many men went to public restrooms and masturbated while other men watched. Often times this was done through peep holes in the walls separating the stalls. Older restrooms would not have doors to the stalls. Sometimes men would masturbate at the urinals.

I knew some men would play with another man's penis, either jacking him off or sucking him off. Since I wasn't queer, I wasn't touching or letting anyone put their hands on me. I did notice however, when I let another man watch me jack off, I came much harder than normal, but not as hard as I came after watching another man jack off for me. Me queer? Pretty naive, wasn't I?

I was a freshly minted PFC in the Army assigned to a Military Police unit in Germany. While others in my unit went down to GI Jungle to piss their money away on the bar girls, I went to one of the parks I had found where men freely cruised one another. I'm sure things could have gotten sketchy, but hey, I was young and invincible. I was also six and a half feet tall and weighed 235 muscular pounds.

At nineteen, I could easily spend three or four hours in the park watching and being watched. I could probably cum at least that many times.

The military in the 70's took a hard stance on homosexuals in the ranks and actively ran stings on various bars and parks in the area to try and bust those service members. Our unit would be notified when and where most of these stings were occurring so that we could process and transport the offenders. I would check the postings before going out on my own.

It started out as usual, I was sitting in the open stall furthest from the door. A man in his early thirties came in, walked to the urinals and noticed me in the stall. He turned away from me, unzipped acting like he was going to pee. He did not keep the illusion going, instead turning to his left so that I could see he was stroking a fat, yet still flaccid, circumcised penis. I sat up straight, exposing my erection to him so he could see that I was willing to enjoy the show. At this he turned fully toward me. I leaned back, spread my legs apart, and matched his strokes with my own. He then walked towards the stall on my right. Other guys had done that before. It allowed them to step into the stall in case anyone opened the door. Where everyone else would have been more in front of my stall so we could continue watching each other, this man had disappeared from my view. I leaned forward to see where he had gone.

Well, damn. The man had not entered his stall, instead he stopped just short and had turned towards me. When I leaned forward, it put his penis less than a foot from my face. He hadn't grown hard yet although his penis had inflated enough to remove any wrinkles. I did not move away, instead, I turned my head to the right, to face directly at his penis. Truth time for me coming right up.

He stepped forward, coming around to stand directly in front of me. My head turning with his movements. His penis was now less than an inch from my lips. My tongue involuntarily came forward and licked my lips. He smelled of soap but also had a clean male odor to him. My mouth reflexively opened.

I brought one of my hands up to his penis assuming he wanted me to masturbate him. My mind was reeling, my hand was going to touch another man's penis for the first time. Except my hand didn't make it.

"Nein!" (No!) he said, intercepting my hand and placing it on the outside of his thigh. I automatically placed my other hand on his other thigh.

He put his hands on either side of my head, simultaneously stepping forward. My nose pressed into his pubic hair, his manly smell intensified. He used his hands on my head to rub my face across his penis several times. His penis was starting to swell enough to cause it to rise.

"Offne deinen Mund!" (Open your mouth!) he growled. I didn't understand that much German yet, but I instinctively know to open my mouth at this point. He backed away slightly, raised himself to his tiptoes, then pushed forward again dipping the head of his penis masterfully into my mouth. The rubbery glans of his cock slid between my lips. He stopped there, with my lips just past the corona of his cock. I tried to get more of his cock in my mouth, but he matched my forward movement with an equal backward move of his own, keeping just the glans in my mouth. He placed his hands on the sides of my head indicating that I should keep it that way for a moment.

I was generating so much saliva that I was constantly swallowing. Each time I swallowed, my tongue would press his glans against the roof of my mouth. His cock was becoming fully erect, I had to firm up my lips to keep my teeth away from his hardening cock. He reached down grasping his cock with his hand, pushing down on my jaw indicating that I should open my mouth a bit more. I did so. He pulled out of my mouth. I took the opportunity to bring my lips over my teeth and run my tongue around them again to get them wet. He pulled his hand forward on his cock, I watched as a pearl of pre-cum appeared. He then put the tip of his cock to my upper lip and painted my lip with pre-cum. My tongue instinctively flicked out and tasted my lip. It was exquisite. My tongue reached out to the tip of his penis where I knew I would find more.

"Nein!" he barked. He then put his glans half way into my mouth pulling more pre-cum to the tip as he did so. He now pushed more cock into my mouth. My tongue was enjoying the taste of him and was lapping his glans and frenulum for more. He returned his hand to my head, and pushed his hips forward so that I had about four inches of his silky smooth cock in my mouth. Using his hand on my head, he showed me how he wanted me to suck his cock.

I pursed my lips in an 'O', ensuring that my teeth were away from his penis. I created a little vacuum and slid my lips down his shaft. I could feel the little bump of the veins as they slid under my lips. When his glans reached the back of my mouth, I would pull my head back, pressing my tongue firmly against the underside of his penis, swishing from side to side on his shaft.

"Ja, einfach so. Es fuhlt sich so gut." he said softly. (Yes, just like that. It feels so good.) I built a rhythm using my hands on his thighs to push and pull him in coordination with my moving head.

"Essen mein schwanz." he growled. (Eat my dick.) He placed his hands on my head and started to vigorously fuck my face. Although he never pushed far enough to make me choke, it was clear he was going to use my mouth however he wanted. I was generating so much saliva I simply could not keep up with swallowing it. The saliva was running down my chin, down his penis and scrotum and forming a puddle on the floor.

I had just swallowed saliva again when I felt his thighs tighten. He pushed his cock as deep in my mouth as it would go and then he held still. Well, he tried to. He cock erupted, pulsing and flooding my mouth with his cum. His knees were buckling and he was now trying to support himself by pressing his pelvis firmly against my face.

I was expecting his cum to have an extremely salty taste and make me gag, but it was actually pleasant tasting. I swallowed as much of his cum as I could. I learned it is not an easy task to swallow a full load of cum with a rigid cock in your mouth. Despite my sincere attempt to get it all, some cum escaped and dripped down my chin and joined the spit puddle on the floor.

His hands on my head indicated I was not to release his cock, but instead to let it soften without stimulating it. Must have a sensitive glans. As he was softening, he would use his hand to put more cum in my mouth, until there was no more to get. He pulled out, letting me swallow what remained in my mouth and he managed to work just the tiniest bit more to the tip which he wiped on my waiting tongue. He then put his softened cock entirely back in my mouth, pulling my head forward into his pubes. Every millimeter of this mans soft cock was now in my mouth. My tongue was massaging him while it was busy exploring him. I compressed my lips firmly on his penis as he pulled out, my lips making a little popping sound as his glans exited.

After he zipped up and left, I stroked myself to one of the most powerful orgasms of my life.