 We avoided the GSA office now for the most part. The university had cleaned the room, but afterward we always left the office with the scent of industrial cleaners embedded in our noses. There was almost nothing left anyway, so there was little reason for them to go back again. Let the next set of officers deal with the room, without having walked in on it after the vandalism. The university couldn't put enough layers of paint and plaster on the walls to erase it from our minds.

Eli seemed more withdrawn now. He smiled a lot less. But I'd been cooking up a plan that should perk up my lover. He'd come home exhausted again and struggled to work through the pages of his textbook. I'd glanced up a couple of times, and decided it was time to spring my idea. I eased into the bedroom and stripped. The chill of the room had my nipples standing at attention and my dick barely peeking from my bush. I looked down at my crotch and shook my head. "I hope you plan on waking up in a few minutes."

I slipped the stretchy cock ring around my nuts and dick. Actually, I liked the way it looks and the way it feels. Nuts bulging in front of my crotch were going to make this look hot. I pulled a deep-red designer jockstrap I'd picked out for this occasion. Red was Eli's favorite color, and it looked good on me too. I checked myself in the mirror, hoping I wasn't about to make everything worse. I turned on some music, and went to find Eli.

I slid behind him and started rubbing his shoulders, working my fingers into the tense muscle. He reached back and swatted at me without looking. "Stop it. I've got to study."

I leaned down and blew softly across his ear. "You sure you can't take a break?"

Eli spun toward me, a stern expression on his face and froze. "What're you doing?" he asked.

I pushed Eli away from the table and straddled his lap. "Trying to find happy Eli again. I think he might have taken a vacation to Australia to enjoy the beach and watch the hot Aussie boys."

A small smirk played across Eli's face. "Happy Eli would need another job to pay for that trip. And neither Eli likes to fly."

I started grinding onto his lap, slipped his shirt upward and teased a finger through his happy trail. I teased him for a few minutes before leaning down to whisper. "I thought maybe you'd like to...do it."

Eli started and then frowned. "Now? Just to distract me? It's kind of a big deal."

I smiled, comfortable in my decision. "I'm ready. We've been together for months."

"It's probably going to be a little...uncomfortable. At least the first time."

I could feel my face heat up. "I. Well. Umm."

This time Eli's smile was genuine and covered his face. "Did you get yourself a training dick?"

I laughed at Eli. Only he would call it that. I looked at him, determined to not let him get me flustered tonight. I ran my hands higher and pulled the shirt over his head. Leaning down I kissed him softly and flicked my fingers across his nipples. "Come to bed with me and I'll let you see what kind of play toys I might have got for us."

Eli ran his hands up and down my thighs, and my cock hardening as he did. He looked at me and grinned. "That sounds like a good idea to me."

I slipped off Eli's lap, grabbed his hand and pulled him up into a kiss. Our tongues fought until we broke apart, both gasping for air. I took Eli's hand in mine and led him into our dimly lit room. Eli paused to look around. I'd lit a few candles before and layed out everything I thought we might need. 

Eli pulled me tight and kissed me hard. Then he slid his hands over my almost bare ass and let one finger slipping into my crack and teased me. I moaned softly and arched my back toward his hand. Eli's other hand slid down my torso and squeezed my package. His eye twinkled as he looked at me. "Cock ring too? You're pulling out all the stops tonight."

Eli pushed me onto the bed and stood staring at me as he stripped. His hard cock pointed the way as he crawled to me. He laid on top of me and ground his dripping dick against my crotch. My own hard cock stiffened even further from the exquisite pressure. Eli fastened his teeth on my neck and bit down. The delicious pain shot through my body and my moans increased in volume. The next minutes were spent in passionate exploration of each other's bodies. 

Eli slid lower, licking my chest and over my abs. My head swam and the next thing I knew, Eli's hot breath traveled over my throbbing cock. He chewed and licked through the thin fabric until it was soaked and every swollen vein on my cock was clearly seen. 

Eli grabbed the lube I'd put out, then looked around. "Condom? Where are the condoms?"

I froze for a second in disbelief. "I forgot them. Come on, Eli. We're both fine. Fuck me already."

Eli hesitated for a moment, and I lurched upward and grabbed his hard dick and squeezed. "Please!"

A small gasp escaped Eli and his eyes glazed over. In seconds he had us both coated in lube and his cock pressing inward. I gritted my teeth and tried to relax, I had been using a dildo to stretch myself, but I was glad Eli was no bigger as the searing pain raced through me when Eli breeched the inner gateway.

Pressing forward he hit bottom and I dug my heels into the back of his legs. "Wait. Give me a minute..."

Eli looked startled and started to pull out.

"No! Don't pull out. Just wait. You're big."

Eli smirked, and paused. I could feel him trembling against me as the sting of his entry lessened. A few minutes passed and I relaxed against the bed.

"I'm ready. Do it."

Eli started slowly, but I knew neither of us would last long. The friction of Eli's strokes were making my cock jump and drool, but then he hit something inside me and it felt like lightning crawled over my body. "

"Shit!"

Eli's next thrust hit it again, and I couldn't hold out. My cock jerked inside the jock and drenched the already soaked pouch. Each spasm added to the coating until it dripped slowly. I collapsed in the haze of euphoria as Eli kept pounding my ass.

He was sweating and moaning as he drove his wood into me again and again. When I slid my fingernails over his nipples, he let out a gurgling moan and slammed inside me. He trembled and shook, his eyes rolled out of sight. I ran my hands over him as he convulsed again and again before collapsing on top of me, his breathing coming in gasps.

I trailed my fingers over his back, enjoying the shared moment. A few minutes later Eli slipped out of me, pressed his lips to my cheek and kissed me softly.

"I love you," he said.

#

I sat at the desk going over some of my homework. What I really wanted to do was let Eli fuck me again. But I knew the answer would be no. Eli had two papers due tomorrow and he'd already threatened me with death if I bugged him one more time. 

I couldn't help it. Eli's cock hit places that made me see stars. Now he'd gotten good enough to make me cum without touching myself. The first time it happened, it shocked both of us. It was like one of those things that only happened in porn. Afterwards, I basically became Eli's slut. I liked northing better than him to plug my ass a couple of times a day. Which was the reason 'plan-way-ahead' Eli was trying to finish two papers in one night. And why I was banished to the bedroom.

I wasn't even allowed to put a toe on the carpet. Eli said it was distracting. Of course, that might have had something to do with the fact that I moaned each time I scratched my toes across the floor, too. The last time I'd done it, he'd threatened to lock me out in the hallway, in just my jock strap. That might be part of the problem too. But damn, I was horny.

"Get busy, I know you have homework due, too. Just because you've become the biggest slut on campus doesn't mean you get to flunk out."

I bristled a little, "I am not a campus slut. You're the only one I've been with."

Eli looked over the top of his glasses and glared at me. "And don't you forget it, otherwise I'll have your nuts. That won't happen again."

"I know, I know, and nothing's going to happen with anyone else. But damn Eli..." I rolled to my side and spread my legs to display my cock straining to burst through the thin fabric of the yellow and blue jock strap I'd just gotten in the mail today.

Eli looked up and paused as his eyes bored a hole into my straining crotch. Then he meet my eyes. "Knock it off! This is why I'm writing the damn paper in one night."

I flipped onto my stomach, knowing I was pressing my luck. I opened the page in the textbook and tried to study.

The night slipped past and we both focused on the schoolwork we needed to finish. Finally Eli lowered the top of his computer and shut it with a click. He looked at me and smiled. "I could use a break. Wanna play some Assassin's Creed or Tron?"

I groaned, knowing Eli was teasing me. "How about we play hide the wienie?" I said.

Eli spun toward me, his hard cock through the fly of the loose boxers he'd been wearing. He pushed the shaft down and released it to slap against his stomach. "Is this what you had in mind?"

Without a word, I slid off my bed, walked between Eli's spread thighs and knelt. I grabbed Eli's cock and slipped it down my throat. After a moment to adjust, I began sliding my head up and down the length of Eli's dick. I felt him rest his hands on my head, urging me on. I slid my hand under his balls and began rubbing his sweet spot.

Soon he was moaning and his movements were jerky. I knew it was time. I slid off his cock with a pop and sat back on my heels, wiping the juice from my face. Eli had a hungry look. He handed me the lube and barked out orders. "Get me ready. I'm want that tight hole of yours."

I quickly coated his bare cock, thinking for a split second that we were getting sloppy about protection, then my ass throbbed. I filled my palm with lube and smeared it over my crack. Slipping a few fingers inside myself, I was ready for Eli.

I stood and straddled his legs, sitting so my back was against his chest. The dark hair coating his thighs felt wonderful as I slid over them. I grabbed Eli's cock and rubbed the head over my stretched opening. The tentative motions just drove my lust higher. I had an itch that only Eli could scratch.

I relaxed myself and pushed downward. Eli slipped inside and rubbed against my hard prostate. I hit bottom and paused for only a second before I was bouncing up and down on Eli's cock. We hit a familiar rhythm quickly and the electricity was shooting through me each time he raked my sweet spot. I could feel the pressure building and I knew after the hours of waiting, it wouldn't take much to set me off.

Eli hit again, and my orgasm began. I ground hard against Eli's crotch, leaning back, our fingers intertwined. The first volley shot into the jock and soaked the fabric. For the next moments my body seized and released with each wave of pleasure. 

A low groan came from Eli and I felt his cock swell in my ass as he plunged over the edge too. We ground against each other as he filled my ass with his seed. Our bodies wriggled and slipped over each other. I leaned back against Eli, turned my head and was met with a kiss. 

"Damn, you're good," I said.

Eli chuckled. "You had me so horny. It was all I could do to write the damn papers."

We were both chuckling when our door was suddenly assaulted by someone's fists. 

"Nate! Eli! Open the door! Oh God, I need you!"

We looked at each other, both of us recognizing Jamie's voice.

#

Eli glared at Jamie as he stood in front of the door. He'd never forgiven Jamie for the stunt he and Michael pulled when I almost screwed up and had sex with them. Eli's face twisted as he pulled the robe he'd grabbed tight around him and glared at Jamie. 

"What do you want?"

As I laid my hand on Eli's shoulder, Jamie burst into tears. "It's Michael. I don't know what to do."

I could feel Eli tense under my hand. He hated Michael even more than Jamie. Jamie had been relegated to the list of people Eli thought were stupid. Michael...Eli had no use for him. 

I leaned close to Eli's ear. "Michael did save our asses that time."

Eli's glare turned to me. "Fine! We'll see what's going on."

Jamie nodded rapidly. "Yes, please. Hurry. I don't know what to do."

I was getting confused. What had Jamie so worked up. It seemed like he either didn't want to tell us, or he couldn't imagine how we couldn't know. Either way, we didn't know what we were rushing into. 

Jamie rushed back down the hall. I followed with Eli right behind me. Jamie yanked open the door to his apartment and rushed to the room he and Michael shared. "He's in there. And won't come out. I don't know what's going on but I'm afraid."

Eli frowned and walked to the bathroom door. "Michael! Get your ass out here! You're freakin' out Jamie. Be decent for once, too."

They waited for a moment, leaning in to see if they could hear a movement. Eli rolled his eyes and started pounding on the door. "God dammit, Michael! Opening the fucking door!"

I took Jamie's arm and pulled him away while Eli started to take his frustrations out on the bathroom door. "Jamie, how long has he been in there? What's going on? I don't think you're telling us everything."

Tears rolled down Jamies's face. "He's been in there for a hour at least. I thought he was just taking a bath to chill out. But then he was in there a long time and when I went to check on him, he wouldn't answer."

A booming sound filled the room as Eli started losing any patience and kicked the door between pounding it with his fists. "You inconsiderate arrogant son of a bitch! Open this fucking door!"

I was getting worried. Eli was making enough noise that other people on the floor were sticking their head in to see what was going on. I turned back to Jamie and tried again. "What is it? What aren't you telling us?"

Jamie was becoming more hysterical with each second that ticked by without a response from Michael. "I don't know! I swear! He got something in the mail today, read it a bunch of times while he was eating and then went ape-shit. I swear I don't know what's wrong."

"Where's his mail?

Jamie handed it to me with shaking hands. I flipped through the small pile until I found one from the university health center. I pulled out the sheet it contained and scanned down the page.

"Shit!"

"What?" Jamie asked.

"What was he eating? Show me!"

Jamie pointed to the dresser. "Dots. It's just candy."

I grabbed the sheet and stared at it for a moment before throwing it back on the dresser. "Fuck! God damnit!"

My heart was pounding, we might already be too late. Eli was still pounding at the door, but I didn't think he and I could bust it down. I looked at the crowd now at the door and spotted one of the neighbors. "Jeff! Get Jorge. We need that door open, yesterday!"

The football lineman grabbed his teammate and the two of them rushed the door. Their first impact shuddered the wall and there were pops and cracks from the wooden frame. Their next charge popped the door open, leaving it hanging from a single hinge. Eli looked inside and began gagging. 

Jamie began screaming as I yelled. "Call 911! Someone get Jamie out of here!"

#

I followed Eli into the dim hospital room. The smell of antiseptic and bodily fluids were overwhelming. As we moved deeper into the gloom, I spotted an arm on the edge of the bed, tubes and wires sprouting from it. We eased into the room, not certain we'd be welcome, or who else might be there. We'd heard Michael had been moved from intensive care, and decided we should go.

We rounded the partially drawn curtain and saw someone curled in the chair beside Michael's bed.

"Oh, sorry. We'll come back some other time," I said.

"Nate? Eli?"

We stopped, recognizing Jamie's voice. 

"Yeah, it's us. We thought we should come check on everything," Eli said.

Jamie smiled, but it was obviously an attempt for their sake. "Michael's doing okay. He's pretty much past the overdose." He turned to me. "It was just what you thought, what I thought were candy, was acid. One of the doctors said it isn't that unusual. Of course, then he has to deal with the real problem..."

"So... you know he's HIV positive?" Eli asked.

Jamie nodded. "Yeah, I looked at the paperwork too."

He looked at Jamie with true compassion. "Did you get..."

Jamie stared at us for a minute before the question sunk in. "Oh hell yes. That scared the crap out of me. I'm okay so far. They said I will have to retest. It's all setup and everything."

I felt relief that Jamie had at least tested negative. That was one thing I didn't have to worry about any more. Although, I didn't know what I would have done if I were in his shoes. I was trying to find a way to ask—when Eli blurted out.

"Did they notify the other guy?"

Jamie sat quietly and looked from one to the other of us before he answered. "He hasn't really been coherent enough to question. But so far as they can tell, it was more than one guy."

Eli clenched his jaw, working to keep his comments to himself. I laid my hand on his neck and rubbed it slowly. He turned to me, and his mouth quirked. I turned back to Jamie.

"What are you going to do?"

"Well they said his—some levels of something—were okay, so he doesn't have to start on meds. It hasn't become AIDS at this point. The nurse said I should go to support groups and stuff."

I could feel Eli's neck muscles tighten. I started working his neck again, but this time he took my hand and held it. He gave it a squeeze and turned to Jamie. 

"I think that's good advice, Jamie. If you're going to help take care of Michael..."

Jamie turned to us, his face drawn. "That's the right thing to do? Right? I mean, I love Michael. That's what you do for someone you love. Right?"

Eli let go of my hand and walked to the window. His fingers clenched the sill as he looked out at the sunshine pouring across the landscape. I waited, knowing what the old Eli would have told Jamie, and in no uncertain terms. But we had been through a lot in the last year. I wasn't as certain that I could read my boyfriend any more. His chest expanded as he took a deep breath. 

"Make sure you take care of yourself, Jamie. If you don't, you won't be able to help Michael."

I was proud of Eli. I could tell that last bit came out with a cost. But with the realization made, Eli seemed at peace, and he relaxed around Jamie. We chatted for a long time afterward. The nurse came in several times before Michael started to wake up.

Eli tugged at my arm when Michael started to struggle to set upright, and Jamie jumped from the chair to help.

"Easy, babe. Let me help you. You don't want to yank out the tubes and shit again."

Even without Eli's tugs becoming more insistent, this felt like a personal moment between the two. 

"Hey, Jamie, we're going to leave. Let us know if you need any help." I looked at Eli for confirmation and got a small nod.

Jamie was trying to hold Michael's arms down as he fought the restraint. "Push the nurse call button would you. He's going to rip these damn things out again."

Before I could react, Eli's hand darted out and slapped the button. "Come on, Nate. We need to get out of the way."

I followed at Eli's heels, dodging the nurse who rushed to Michael's room. We made it to the elevator and he stood silently leaning against the wall with his eyes closed partly. The door parted to a couple of orderlies who walked past us as if we didn't exist. I followed Eli inside, pushed the main floor button, and watched the door close. 

The instant the elevator began to move, Eli was in my face, his finger thumping against me chest. "If you—ever—do that to me I'll cut your nuts and dick off. Off! You got it?"

"What?" I staggered back, startled.
