 I stopped by the convenience store on my home from working out on Saturday morning. I was in the mood for a fresh cup of coffee and something to eat. I didn't feel like fast food or stopping at the diner. When I entered the store there were two people working there and I noticed that one of them seemed to check me out. The guy checking me out was actually kind of cute or even pretty for that matter. He was too feminine like to be called handsome. I noticed that he wore very tight chino slacks and he was obviously proud of his round curvy ass.

I guessed him to be no taller than 5'7" and that he weighed about 160 pounds. He wore his blonde hair slightly long covering his ears and the nape of his neck. He definitely had a feminine look about him. I watched him occasionally as he checked me out while I was at the coffee station. Then he walked over to me at the station. At 6'3" and a fit 190 pounds I seemed to dwarf him when he got close to me.

"Are you finding everything okay? Oh here let me get a lid for your coffee," he said.

He took a lid from the stack and then without asking placed it on my coffee cup. In the process the cup tipped over toward me and coffee splattered on the counter top hitting me in my crotch. My workout pants were soaked and it looked as if I had pissed my pants. I jumped back in surprise but it had been too late.

"Shit, look what you did!" I snapped.

"Oh I am so sorry," he said as he grabbed a handful of paper napkins and began wiping my crotch.

"Hey!" I said moving back away.

"Oh I am so sorry. Come with me I have some stuff in the back and we can get that coffee out," he offered meekly.

I followed him to the back of the store. "Jerry I'll be a few minutes. Keep an eye on things. Right this way," he continued.

We walked into the store room and I was surprised that we had not gone into the men's room. He closed the door behind us and took a rag and some sort of spray. He wet the rag and then dropped to his knees in front of me and began wiping the coffee stain on my crotch. He seemed to rub my cock more than necessary and then I suspected what he really wanted.

"It would be easier to clean these if you were willing to take them off," he said and I noticed that his voice cracked a little.

I peeled off my workout pants and handed them to him. I noticed that he stared at my package the entire time. My cock had gotten a little hard from the previous rubbing and it showed in my briefs. He took my pants and put them aside and then returned his stare to my crotch. "Oh look it seeped through to your underwear," he said.

Then he started rubbing my crotch with the rag as if he could get the stain out. My cock then hardened into a full erection and I watched as his eyes got wide with excitement. I decided to let him have his fun and if he wanted to suck my cock I was okay with that. I had no plans for that evening other than to hit the bars and chase pussy and a blow job would not deter me from that. I was no stranger to having a cute guy suck my cock or fucking a pretty boy in the ass. I had a number of bisexual encounters when I worked at the Embassy in Rome, Italy. 

Although there was plenty of good looking pussy in Italy and Western Europe, there were times that I accepted a blow job from a feminine looking guy and I even fucked a few of them. I loved anal sex and I was pleased with the number of ladies and pretty boys who took it in the ass in Europe. Currently I was dating a girl named Bonnie from time to time and having anal sex with her. This weekend Bonnie was visiting her folks so I did not have a date.

The store clerk continued to stare at the outline of my cock in my briefs as he faked trying to get the stain out. Then when I didn't protest, he dropped the rag entirely and stroked my cock through my underwear. He eventually got the nerve to pull my briefs down. My cock snagged in the waistband and then sprung out toward his face. He stared briefly at it for a minute and then made his move.

"Oh my," he gasped when my 8+ inches bobbed in front of him.

He placed both hands on my hips and took my cock in his mouth. It felt good to have my cock in a warm wet mouth again. He sucked me a few times bobbing his head up and down and then he stood up. He went over to the store room door and locked it from the inside. He then turned back to face me and he took off shirt before he knelt down and resumed sucking my cock.

He caressed the back of my legs and cheeks of my ass as his warm, wet, wonderful mouth began sucking on my cock. I was so turned on that I almost shot my load right, then and there. He was massaging the head of my cock against the roof of his mouth. He circled my cock with his tongue and scraped it lightly with his teeth. I felt the light scraping of his teeth. My cock felt harder and longer than it ever had been in my life and I felt I was going to shoot.

He took my cock out of his mouth and looked up at me as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged my bloated balls. At that time I felt longer than my 8+" and bigger around then 5+". He put it back in his mouth and then took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged my balls. He tickled my cock head with his tongue and teased my pee slit. He was bringing me up and down and I was close to cumming few times. He seemed to know when I was getting close, and he would do things making me last longer, torturing me in the process.

He looked up at me smiling and stroking my slick cock. Then he asked, "Ready to cum?"

I just nodded my reply in the affirmative. He then took my cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of my shaft, nibbled on my cock head and sucked me hard. He reached under my balls and rubbed the hardness between my balls and anus. I could feel my cock thickening and I knew I was going to cum. There was no stopping me this time.

He held my cock with both hands as I exploded in his mouth. I fired the first round of cum into his mouth and he sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. Then he pulled my cock from his mouth and let me ejaculate all over his chest. He held my cock and pointed it at his chest and I watched as ropes of semen doused his body. The force of shooting my load was so intense that I felt the pressure of cum blasting from my cock. He put his cock back in his mouth and then sucked it dry. I lost track of time for a minute and just held onto his head as he milked my cock for every drop.

My legs were weak and I had to sit down. I leaned back against one of the work tables in the store room and he knelt down between my knees keeping my cock in his mouth. He massaged my balls as he continued to suck my cock clean until it softened and left his mouth. He continued to lick and kiss my cock sending chills and shivers through my body.

I said, "That was incredible, thank you."

"So you liked it," he replied with a grin.

"What was not to like? You are very accomplished," I answered.

"What's your name?" he asked me.

"Carl, what's yours?" I asked.

"Randy, its Randal but I prefer Randy," he replied meekly.

Then he said, "I'm glad that I took off my shirt. That was some load," he said with a giggle.

"You can blame yourself for giving me such a good blow job," I laughed.

"Would you like to fuck me now? I would love for you to fuck me with that big cock of yours," he asked shyly.

"I could do that," I answered and then added, "I have to tell you Randy before we go any further that I am not into cock," I said firmly.

"I didn't think you were and that's fine with me," he said and I noticed his voice crack this time.

Randy put a blanket on the floor and then he got on all fours with his curvy bubble butt stuck up in the air. I could feel a tingling in my loins as I looked at his hot ass. Randy's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. He really did look like a girl in this position. My cock was hardening and I approached him. I knelt behind Randy and I begin to caress his beautiful ass. He handed me some lube and asked me to get his ass ready for my cock. I put an ample amount of lube in my hands and rubbed it all around Randy's bung hole. Then I inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing him for my cock.

I was no stranger to preparing assholes for my cock whether it was woman's or a man's bottom. As I sawed my fingers in and out of his anus I was getting turned on by the thought of burying my cock in his shapely ass. I moved closer to Randy and lined up the head of my cock with his anal opening and began to ease it into to him.

Randy cautioned, "Not too deep at first, then deeper. You need to stretch me out some."

I spat on my hand and rubbed my saliva all over my cock which made it very slick when combined with the lube. My cock head cleared his sphincter and I fed it to Randy a little at a time. His ass chute was warm and tight as I went deeper and deeper into him. Soon I was all the way in Randy's ass and I started a slow fucking motion. I continued to pump his ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as I caressed his smooth round ass. 

Randy asked me to fuck him harder and quicker. So I picked up the pace and I started pounding his ass faster and faster. My balls started bouncing off of his balls and Randy was moaning with each thrust of my cock. I could feel my climax building and I knew that any moment I would shoot my seed in his ass. I tried to make it last as long as possible but once Randy started to contract his anal muscles I lost it.

I fired a barrage of cum in his ass filling it to overflowing. As I continued to fuck him, my seed backed up in his rectum and began to ooze out, flowing over his balls. Randy used his talented anal muscles to milk my cock and drain it of all my semen. I didn't think that I would ever be soft again as I remained hard in his tight sheath. Randy's milking action weakened me and I collapsed on top of his body.

Randy flattened out on the floor with me on top and with my cock still in his ass. We eventually moved to our sides and lay next to each other exhausted. I could see the blanket where Randy had shot his load sometime during our fuck session. He rolled over on his back and smiled at me.

"Can you fuck me again?" he asked.

At the age of 24, I still had plenty left for him. I moved between his legs much like I would with Bonnie and lined up my still erect cock with his asshole. Randy was also as hard as a rock and his 7" young cock pointed toward his head. I pressed slightly forward and my cock moved into his hot ass. His ass actually pulled me inside and my cock went all the way in him and my balls rested on his ass.

"God, that feels so good this way, love me, fuck me," Randy cried out.

His ass was in the air and my cock was fully embedded in it. I pulled back a little and pushed forward. He groaned as I began to slowly fuck him. Each time I would start taking longer strokes. My cock head was soon at the edge of his asshole before I pushed it back into him. My fucking was making a sucking sound. Each time my balls slammed against his ass, my body and his ass made a wet slapping sound. 

I was so fucking hot that I crammed my cock fully into him. He held my cock and he massaged it with his anal muscles; I knew I was not going to last very long. Randy humped up against me fucking me back as I fucked him. The store room smelled of sex and sweat. I subconsciously reached down to stroke his cock, which I had done with pretty boys before, but Randy grabbed my wrist.

"No, I want to cum just from you fucking me," He said and pushed my hand away, "Just keep fucking me."

I took slow long strokes in and out of his ass as Randy pushed up into me more and more. Soon he took control and just fucked my cock. I let him fuck me with his ass. His actions began more erratic and his thrusts shorter and more powerful. Randy was grunting as my cock slid in and out of his hot ass. Soon my cock was barely staying in his ass. Then Randy slowed down and let my cock just press against his prostate. He announced that he was cumming and he pulled me down to him and hugged me. I felt his cum shoot between our bodies covering our chests and our abs and then oozing out around our pubes. This set me off and I began to pound my cock in and out of his hole. I slammed my cock into his loose wet hole and I felt my balls tighten. I pressed deep into him and my seed filled his ass.

"Yes cum in my ass again. Oh I feel it I feel your hot spunk," he groaned.

I pulled, pushed and cum spurted into him making his hole wetter and warmer as my cock easily slid in. I continued fucking him until my legs were weak and my spunk had stopped flowing. My cock slipped from his ass as we cuddled and Randy stroked my exhausted body. It was the first time that I had ever felt cum other than my own on my body.

"Did you like fucking me?" he sighed.

"I loved fucking you. I loved your ass," I whispered.

"It was wonderful," Randy gasped and then he looked at my cock and said in surprise, "Oh my God, you're still hard. Do you want to fuck me again?"

I told him that I preferred doggy style. He got on all fours on the floor and wiggled his curvy ass. I knelt behind Randy and lined my cock up with his asshole and pressed forward pushing my cock head past his sphincter. Randy groaned as my large cock opened up his back door for the third time. He reached back and placed a hand on my thigh in an effort to slow the penetration. I took my time and worked my cock in slowly inch by inch until it was buried in Randy's asshole. As I fucked Randy from behind, he really looked like a girl with my cock in his ass. I could not see Randy's testicles or his cock as I fucked him as his long hair fell along side his face. Randy was very effeminate looking.

Randy told me to fuck his ass and then he stiffened as he came and shot his wad on the blanket. I felt Randy's asshole contract around my cock as he shot his spunk and I picked up the pace and pounded his ass. I felt my own orgasm build up in my balls and then I felt my semen travel through my scrotum. I pressed into Randy's ass and emptied my balls deep in his rectum. The semen shot into Randy's rectum and gathered around my cock buried deep in his ass.

"Oh I feel it, cum in me, I feel you cumming in me!" Randy screamed and then added, "I love it shoot it in me."

Randy clenched my cock with his anal muscles and then released it several times as he milked every drop of cum from my cock. I stayed hard and continued to fuck Randy's ass as my semen backed out of his asshole and trickled down over his perineum.

"Are you going to keep fucking me?" Randy asked.

"I'll try," I replied.

"Oh yes please keep fucking me. Fuck me again and cum in me again," he pleaded.

I continued to fuck Randy's ass but I could not cum again and I finally collapsed on him exhausted. I pushed forward and Randy collapsed on the floor under my weight. I lay prone on top of him as my cock softened, deflated and slipped from his ass. Randy was pressed into his own semen on the blanket under him until I lifted myself off of his sensuous body. Randy rolled over on his back and looked at me and smiled.

Just then someone knocked on the door and I scrambled to get dressed. "Randy, its lunch time, I need to got to lunch," a voice called out.

Randy replied, "I'll be right out Jerry."

We had been at it for two hours and I was all of a sudden embarrassed. I had never had sex with another guy when someone else was around. Randy seemed to sense my nervousness and tried to put my mind at ease.

"It's okay it's Jerry. The two of us do this all the time. He's cool about it," Randy offered.

Still it was unnerving to go back out into the store and worse when I saw Jerry smiling at me. Randy moved behind the counter and Jerry then left the store for lunch. I was at ease when Jerry left and then I poured myself another cup of coffee. I walked to the counter to pay for it.

Randy smiled when he spoke, "I'll try not to spill this one. It's on the house. I hoped that you enjoyed yourself. Here's my number if you ever want to get together again or I'll be here next Saturday."

"You spilled that coffee on purpose didn't you," I laughed. 

He nodded that he had and said, "It worked though."

"Yeah it worked," I laughed again and then asked, "Are you working tomorrow?"

"No, it's my day off," he replied.

"Why don't you come over to my place for breakfast in the morning?" I offered.

"Breakfast in bed that sounds wonderful, I'll bring the donuts," he accepted.

I wrote down my address and phone number and gave it to him. Then I left the store and returned home. I had cum four times within the two fours we were having sex and my tank was empty. There was no need for me to go out that evening chasing pussy. I would rest up for Randy's visit on Sunday and I was already looking forward to fucking his hot round ass again.