 Let me tell you about an encounter I had while I was at a convention. I had to go to a convention in Seattle. I thought why not have a bit of fun while I was there. So I ran a online ad looking for a hook up. Since I am a top I was looking for someone who liked getting fucked, or at least could give a good blow job with no reciprocation. In fact I just like using a guys mouth and ass.

A guy responded and we decided to meet at my hotel for a drink then go up to my room. When he showed up I was a bit disappointed. He was overweight and going bald. But I thought "what the hell, I don't care what he looks like as long as he can satisfy me."

We talked for about ten minutes while we had a beer. He said he was married, but liked the taste of cum, and the feel of a big cock up his ass. We went up to my room. It had been hot in the bar so we decided to take a shower together. He grabbed the soap and started washing my chest. He lightly pinched my nipple between his fingers. I started getting hard. Then he soaped up his hand and grabbed my rock hard cock. He started sliding his hand up and down. By this time the soap had washed off my chest. He leaned over and started sucking my nipples. While he did that he started rolling his tongue around them. They were so hard I'm sure I could have put an eye out. 

My cock was so hard it almost hurt. I had to stop him from jacking me off, I was ready to blow my load, and I didn't want to right then. I have more than one orgasm but I didn't want to waste the first one in the shower.

I grabbed the soap and started washing him down. I played with his nipples until they got hard. Then I washed the soap off and started sucking them. I grabbed his cock and started stroking it slowly. He was starting to moan when I nipped his nipple with my teeth. He gave a little start, but didn't tell me to stop, so I kept it up.

I started pulling his cock harder. I reached down and grabbed his balls and gently squeezed them. I took my tongue and lapped at his nipples as I squeezed his balls. I looked him in the eye and smiled, he smiled back, then I brought my hand up hard on his balls. I thought he was going to fall to his knees because of the pain. But he kept standing. When I did that his smiled faded, he squeezed his eyes shut and he gave a sharp intake of breath through clenched teeth. 

He opened his eyes then kissed me. It was a tongue twisting, push the lips hard together, type of kiss. I reached around him and started squeezing his ass cheeks. Then I started rubbing my finger around his hole. I tried to push my finger in, but it was tight! I took some of the soap and lathered up my hand. I rubbed my soapy finger around his hole and tried again. This time I was able to get a finger past the opening. I could have sworn I heard a "pop" when my finger went in. I left it there, just inside. 

Then I started moving my finger in slow circles. His hole started loosening up so I stuck another finger up there. We were still kissing and it was hard to reach around him. 

I stopped kissing him and turned him around and leaned him up against the wall. He really hadn't made any noise up to this point. I started kissing his neck and running my tongue around and in his ear. I lathered up my fingers again and started making little circles around his hole. I slipped a finger in, this time it was much easier. I made circles inside his hole for a bit, then slipped another finger in. I sunk both of them as far as I could and started moving them around. 

He started moaning and making groaning noises. As I was tonguing his ear he whispered "please put another one in." Well who am I to deny a request. So I slipped another one in as deep as it would go. His cock was rock hard, so I grabbed it and started jacking him. I started finger fucking him. I pulled my fingers almost all the way out then shoved them back in as hard as I could. When they got all the way in he gave a little grunt, but pushed back against my fingers.

We had turned the water off by this time. I pulled my fingers out and turned the water back on and rinsed his body, paying careful attention to his ass. After the soap had been rinsed I turned him back to the wall and made his ass stick out a bit. I got down on my knees and started licking his hole. I ran my tongue from the bottom to the top of his crack. Then I buried my face in the crack and started tonguing his hole. I pushed my tongue in and started making circles with it. While I was doing that, I reached around and started jacking him again. 

He started moaning louder and started pushing his ass back into my face. I started tongue fucking him. As I was jacking him I felt the first spasm from his cock and knew if I didn't stop he was going to blow his load.

I got up turned him around and kissed him deeply. I wanted him to taste himself in my mouth. I thought about fucking him right then and there, but I wanted some long foreplay first. 

We got out of the shower and dried off jumped into bed and started kissing again. 

I lay back and propped myself up on some pillows. He came up between my legs grabbed my cock and started licking it. He treated it like a popsicle and I was instantly hard. I didn't think I could get any harder, but then he started sucking it. His lips were so soft and he was so gentle I thought I was going to shoot my load right then. 

I watched his head bob up and down and his lips circle my cock. His tongue wrapped my cock so well, he would stop and try to stick his tongue into my piss hole while slowly jacking me.

He turned sideways to me so I could grab his nipples. I started softly and rolled them between my fingers. He stopped sucking for a second, looked at me and smiled. Then he said "would you stop playing with them and get down to some fun."

I pinched hard! He went back to sucking. The harder I pinched the harder he sucked. I knew I couldn't hold out much longer and told him so. He moved his ass in a position where I could reach his hole. I grabbed the lube and stuck a big glob into his hole, then lubed my fingers. I stuck two fingers in, then three and started finger fucking him again. 

He stopped again and said "try four." So I did! He started shoving his ass back against my fingers so hard I thought my whole hand might go inside. 

I could feel the twinges of my orgasm starting to build from my toes to my cock. I almost shouted "oh shit! Here it comes." When I started blowing my load he stopped sucking. He just put his mouth around the head and let the cum fill his mouth. He sat up a bit, with my fingers still buried deep in his ass. I could see him swirling the cum around in his mouth, then he swallowed noisily. I reached up and pulled his head down to mine and kissed him tasting my cum in his mouth. 

He pulled himself off my fingers and positioned his ass over my soft cock. He sat on my hips and started sucking one nipple while playing with the other. It didn't take long for my cock to get hard again.

He felt it getting hard reached down and grabbed it. He squatted over my cock and put the head at the entrance of his hole. Then he gently sat on it pushing it in slowly. He pushed himself up a bit then went back down, this time further. By the third time he was sitting on my hips with my cock buried to the hilt in his ass.

His ass was still very tight and I could feel the muscles squeezing my cock so tight I thought he was going to cut the blood flow.

He leaned forward put his hands on my chest and said "fuck me hard!" Again, who am I to deny a request. I started slowly at first then picked up the speed. 

He started moaning, and would grunt every time I shoved my cock as deeply as I could into his ass. After a minute or two his muscles started to relax and it started feeling really good. He opened his eyes and said, "I want it harder." When I didn't change my motion he said, "please fuck me harder" in a tone that was more of a demand, not a request. When I still didn't fuck him harder he sat back on my hips so I couldn't move. 

In a pleading almost whining tone he said, "please fuck me harder, please." This is the tone I wanted, so I pulled him off. I put him on the edge of the bed and I stood. I wanted to get some good thrusts going. I put his ankles on my shoulders and buried my cock to the hilt in one move. He jumped a bit but smiled. 

I started thrusting hard! He was bouncing on the bed every time I pushed in. The smile never left his lips. After a few minutes of that I got into bed on my back. He climbed on, put the head of my cock at the entrance to his hole. He sat just enough to get the head in, then sat on it hard. His ass hit my balls, I thought I was going to go limp because of the pain, but didn't .

I started thrusting again. It didn't take long before I felt his prostate start to pulse. He shot his load all over my chest. As soon as it hit my chest I started blowing my load. I didn't think I was ever going to stop!

He sat on my hips with my cock buried in his ass till I went soft and slipped out. He moved around and licked his cum off my chest, then started cleaning my cock with his mouth.

We saw each other every day that week. Too bad we don't live closer, I really liked that ass and mouth.