 xAndrew and his best friend Chuck were touring wine country in Napa Valley. They had decided to visit Northern California and they were staying in Sausalito. Andrew was gay and for the most part Chuck was straight. However, Chuck was okay with Andrew sucking his cock and recently he had been fucking him as well. Chick was not into cock at all but that was fine with Andrew who was enamored with his best friend's impressive cock.

They had hit a couple of wineries and on their way back to Sausalito, they stopped for something to eat. They were seated outdoors at a popular café having a healthy sandwich and a glass of wine. There were a couple of wineries that they still wanted to visit but they decided to return the next day. They were enjoying the food and people watching when Andrew's face lit up.

"What's up buddy?" Chuck asked.

"I know that guy."

"What guy?"

"The one walking toward us with the blonde hair."

Chuck spotted the guy that Andrew referred to. His hair was blonde but with dark roots. He obviously colored his hair. Chuck wondered how Andrew knew the guy.

"How do you know him?"

"I don't know him but I know of him."

"What do you mean?"

"I've seen him in movies. He is a porn star, a gay porn star."

"You're sure about that?"

"Definitely, he goes by the name Skylar. I have some of his videos at home. He is very hot."

"Okay, I'll take your word for that."

"He's looking for a place to sit. Let's invite him to join us."

"If you want but you know me, I'm not into this at all."

Andrew then addressed the porn star, "Hi, you're Skylar Rose, right?"

"Yes, I am but that is my professional name."

"You look like you are looking for a spot to sit down. Would you like to join us?"

"I guess, sure, why not. It's busy here today, lots of tourists."

"Yeah, us too we're visiting from Chicago. Hit some wineries today."

"I see. So, have you guys seen some of my videos?"

"I have but Chuck is straight but bi with me."

"Really, so you guys travel together and you're the bottom."

"Yes, you could say that." 

"Is he hung?"

"Definitely, he is well endowed."

"How about you?"

"I do okay. Do you like to suck cock and fuck as much as you do in your videos?"

"Sometimes, what you see on the video is acting and I get paid for that."

"I know that but you do seem to get into it. I always thought you be the type to fuck and suck all the time."

"Well, what you see on the screen isn't always the way I behave."

"I was hoping that might not be the case."

"Where are you guys staying?"

"In Sausalito."

"Do you want to party tonight?"

"I'm up for it. Chuck are you okay with this?"

"Do what you want. I'll just hang out with you."

They finished their wine and Andrew rode with Skylar to the hotel. Chuck drove their car and the three of them met up in the hotel room. Chuck never thought he would let any gay other than Andrew suck his cock or that he would ever fuck another gay. However, when Skylar stripped naked, Chuck was intrigued with the gay's beauty and body.

Chuck kicked back stroking his impressive cock as he watched his gay friend with the very attractive porn star. Andrew had been right about Skylar being hot and Chuck watched them with interest. The two of them had moved into a 69 position and were sucking each other off. Chuck was getting horny and he was ready to join in and fuck Andrew. However, looking at Skylar's incredible shapely ass, he was tempted to fuck the porn star. His dilemma was that he had only fucked girls and Andrew was the only gay he had ever fucked. Still that ass of Skylar's was enticing.

Skylar lifted his mouth off of Andrew's cock and told him he wanted to get fucked. Skylar got on all fours and Andrew knelt behind him with lubricant. He thoroughly lubed the curvy bottom and his own cock. Chick watched as his friend eased his cock into the lovely ass. It was the first time that Chuck saw Andrew fuck anyone.

"Chuck, bring that delicious looking cock over here."

Somewhat reluctantly, Chuck moved in front of Skylar. The porn star smiled and reached for the impressive cock. He took a few sucks of it and then spoke.

"You really have a nice cock, big too."

Skylar then returned to blowing chuck as Andrew continued to fuck the gay beauty. Chuck watched as Andrew caressed the curvy buns as he drilled the receptive ass. Skylar was an excellent cock sucker and why wouldn't he be. Chuck realized that he was going to cum sooner than he anticipated.

"Skylar, I'm going to cum."

Skylar took the cock from his mouth and jerked it off. Chuck felt that familiar surge and then he fired a number of forceful streams that landed on Skylar's hair and face. Skylar continued to stroke the cock until it stopped firing and then he took it back in his mouth. The way he nibbled on the mushroom head caused Chuck to feel weak and he grasped Skylar's shoulders for balance. Skylar sucked the cock dry and then he called out to Andrew.

"Don't cum in me. When you're ready bring your cock to my face. I want to see you shoot."

Andrew did just that when he was ready to cum and fed his cock to Skylar's mouth. Skylar sucked Andrew until he too was ready to shoot. The porn star then took the cock from his mouth and stroked it as it fired several rounds of semen onto Skylar's hair and face. As he did with Chuck, he took the cock back in his mouth and sucked it clean. Skylar then rolled over on his back and jerked off.

"Andrew, get me off."

Andrew knelt alongside of Skylar to suck and stroke the cock. When he was about to ejaculate he warned Andrew who then jerked the cock and watched it shoot. Semen landed on Skylar's chest and abs and that coupled with the loads in his hair and on his face, had him covered in cum. 

"Oh wow, that was hot. Chuck, I want you to fuck me. Can you do that?"

Skylar rolled over onto his knees and Chuck looked at the desirable ass. He stroked his cock into hardness and greased it thoroughly. He got behind the porn star to fuck the second gay ass in his life. He eased his longer thicker cock into the receptive chamber and began to move slowly. 

"Oh my, I'm glad Andrew fucked me first. I've had big cocks in there but it is always good to be loosened up first."

Chuck fund that he liked fucking Skylar. His ass was curvier than Andrew's and very enticing. Andrew moved to his back and slid under Skylar so the two of them could suck each other's dick. Andrew also played with Chuck's testicles which got him excited. 

"Chuck, this time when you are ready to cum. Shoot it all over my ass and then put it back in."

Chuck liked doing that as he had done that with Andrew a couple of times. Particularly when it was his first load of the day which was always huge. He was in no hurry to cum however, as he found himself admiring the porn star's sexy ass. Andrew was on his back and had maneuvered under Skylar so the two of them could suck each other's dick. He also toyed with Chuck's ball sac and rubbed the perineum. 

Skylar was loving the action, having a cock in his ass and mouth while he was being sucked off. When he did videos, there was always someone directing the action but now he was just enjoying it. Chuck was the first to cum and he did as he had been asked. He pulled his cock from the sweet ass and shot his load onto the curvy buttocks and dilated anus. Semen ran down the between the cheeks and into Andrew's mouth. It was no big deal as Andrew had swallowed his cum plenty of times. Chuck pushed his cock back into the receptive ass and resumed fucking it slowly. He took his cock back out, gathered up more of his seed and pushed it back in. He did that several times.

Together with Andrew's oral skill and having his ass filled, Skylar was the next to cum. Andrew felt the first jet enter his mouth and then he pulled the porn star's cock out and jerked him off. Skylar resumed sucking Andrew's dick once he recovered from his intense ejaculation. Then it was Andrew's turn and this time he did not announce it. He came in Skylar's mouth. He felt his cock soaking in the semen as Skylar let it run out of his mouth down the shaft. The three of them separated and reclined on the floor.

Skylar spoke first, "That was great guys. Are you guys cool with me crashing here tonight?"

"I am. What about you Chuck?"

"Yeah sure, the sofa is a pull out so we have room."

"Good, let's have some wine and relax for now. I want to fuck you later Andrew."

They got up and cleaned up in the bathroom, put on their undershorts and enjoyed the wine they had bought earlier. Skylar and Andrew sat together on the small sofa and Chuck sat across from them in an upholstered chair. 

"You know guys, you could both do porn. You're good looking, fit, have big cocks and shoot huge loads."

"I'll pass on that," Chuck replied.

"I don't think that's for me either," Andrew added.

"You could make a few bucks doing what you like to do anyway. I'd be happy to do a shoot with you two. If you change your mind let me know, I have a good contact in the business."

"I'm not into cock," Chuck reminded him.

"You don't have to be gay, bi is fine. They are always looking for straight/bi guys to be tops. I'll leave my card with you and if you change your mind, call me."

"I getting hard listening to this conversation."

Skylar looked at Andrew and saw that he was indeed hard. "Let's use the bed this time and I want to fuck you Andrew." 

They all dropped their undershorts and Andrew got in bed on all fours. Skylar got the lube and prepared the nice ass along with his stiff dick. He eased his cock into Andrew and it went in easily as the porn star's cock was slimmer than Chuck's. Chuck watched his friend get fucked and then he decided to join in. He moved behind Skylar as he desired to fuck the lovely ass a second time. 

Taking the lube, he prepared the shapely ass for his cock. He also put plenty on his stiff dick and placed the spongy mushroom head against the rubbery ring. Holding onto the gay's slim hips, he pressed forward and the cock head squeezed in clearing the taut anus. Chuck moved slowly but steadily as the cock filled the chamber for a second time. He could feel the gripping action in the rectum. Skylar had stopped moving while the cock entered him and then he resumed fucking Andrew.

Chuck quickly learned that he didn't have to move that much with Skylar fucking Andrew. In fact, it was difficult to establish a rhythm with both of them moving. It was easier to let Skylar do the work until he came and then Chuck took over and fucked the porn star with enthusiasm. Skylar had masturbated Andrew while he was fucking him. Andrew came after Skylar and then it was Chuck who this time left his cock in Skylar's ass.

Chuck backed out of Skylar who in turn pulled his cock from Andrew's ass. The two gays flopped face down on the bed side by side. Chuck decided to leave them in the bed and after cleaning up in the bathroom, he opened up the sleep sofa. He decided to sleep in the sofa bed and let the two gays spend the night together in bed. It had been quite a day for the two friends and Chuck was pleased with his performance. Until that day he never thought that he would fuck another gay but He actually enjoyed fucking the hot porn star. The three of them dozed off and slept soundly.

SUNDAY IN CALIFORNIA

Chuck woke up Sunday morning with a piss hard-on and made his way to the bathroom. He saw that Andrew and Skylar were still sleeping. He relieved himself and washed up, not ready for a shower yet. He went back in the bedroom and saw that the other two were awake. Skylar was on his back with his legs raised and spread like a woman's. Andrew was kneeling between the legs and fucking the pretty gay missionary style.

Chuck watched them for a few minutes and stroked his cock before moving over to the bed. He knelt on the side of the bed near Skylar's head. The blonde gay smiled at him and turned his head to receive the stiff dick. Skylar sucked Chuck's cock as Andrew continued to fuck the porn star. Skylar's cock was hard and slapped against his abs as he was fucked.

It didn't take long for Chuck to cum that morning and the first jet shot into Skylar's mouth. He pulled the spurting cock out and let the remainder of the ejaculation pass over his face and lips. Andrew shocked Chuck when he leaned over and shared the load with Skylar. They continued to fuck and Skylar jerked off until he shot his load onto his chest and abs. Then Andrew pulled out and ejaculated on Skylar's body. The pretty gay porn star was cum covered from his face to his pubes. 

The three of them rested briefly and then one by one they showered, dressed and left the hotel room. Skylar had to get back to San Francisco. Chuck and Andrew decided to return to Napa for more wine tours. They all said goodbye and Skylar thanked them for a great time. He also reminded them to call him if they changed their minds about porn.

After a light brunch, Andrew and Chuck drove back to Napa to visit a few more wineries. They stopped at several before having and early dinner and then stopped at two more before returning to the hotel. It had been an enjoyable day and they picked up several bottles of wine for the remainder of their vacation. On Monday they would drive south to the Monterey Peninsula but before that they would enjoy an evening of sex with each other. 

That night Andrew asked Chuck to fuck him missionary style. He did even though he preferred doggy style or the spoon position better. Andrew jerked off as Chuck fucked and ejaculated onto his chest and abs. Chuck then flipped his friend over and fucked him from behind. As he got close to cumming he pulled out and aimed his cock at Andrew's anus. He shot a good size load and then he put his cock back in the lovely ass.

"It seems that you like that now after Skylar showed us."

"I do but I also knew it was a big one and didn't know if you wanted me to cum in her ass before we went to sleep."

"That's cool but either way I still have to clean up before turning in."

They both used the bathroom to rinse the semen from their bodies and then returned to bed. They lay on their left sides with Chuck behind Andrew. He liked the feel of the smooth skin against his own naked body and Andrew liked the hairy chest against his back. They didn't have sex again and managed to doze off and sleep soundly. As he was slipping into a slumber, Chuck thought about Skylar and wondered if they would meet any other pretty gays on vacation. He also wondered if he would fuck another gay. It had been easier than he thought with Skylar.

ENERGY TO SPARE

Chuck woke up at 5:00 AM on Monday morning but Andrew was dead to the world. Chuck got up and dressed quietly in his workout clothes. He left the room and decided to get a run in first before going to the fitness center. He ran for 30 minutes covering just about four miles and then he walked another half mile to cool down. Once back at the hotel he went to the fitness center and went through his workout. An hour later he was on his way back to the room. 

He entered the room quietly and saw that Andrew was still in bed. He admired his friend's effeminate body particularly the super-fine ass. Andrew was lying on his belly but with one leg curled up under him. He was nude and the posture emphasized the curvy bottom. Chuck headed for the bathroom but Andrew heard him and spoke.

"Come back to bed and fuck me before you shower."

That was all Chuck needed to hear as he loved fucking that sweet ass. He slipped off his workout clothes and climbed in bed. He caressed Andrew's buns and massaged them for several minutes. Then they were both ready for sex. Andrew handed Chuck the lube and cooed as his ass was prepared for the big cock.

"I'm ready for you Chuck. I'm ready for you to put your big dick in me. Go slow and make this last a long time."

Staring the entire time at Andrew's beautiful curvy ass, Chuck lowered his body onto Andrew. Chuck held his erect cock in his hand and guided to lubricated anus. Andrew held his breath as the thick but soft mushroom head opened up the ring and stretched the sphincter. Chuck was thoughtful and gentle as always. The lovely ass opened up and welcomed the big cock into the warm snug passage. Chuck held still and let Andrew move under him to control the penetration. Once he was satisfied that Andrew had loosened up he began to fuck him with long steady deliberate strokes.

The two of them moved together as they had done this many times by now. Andrew rose up slightly on his knees while keeping his chest pressed against the mattress. The move accentuated the roundness of his shapely ass. Chuck like the feel of the curvy buttocks as he drove his cock all the way home. Chuck liked the way the smooth skin body felt under him. Andrew groaned repeatedly each time the cock went deep into his ass.

Every time Chuck drove his cock into curvy bottom, Andrew lifted his hips to receive it. They fucked slowly and maintained their rhythm and Chuck wrapped his arms around Andrew's hairless upper body. Their bodies pressed together as they fucked and Chuck felt just like he could be in the ass a woman. Before Andrew, he never expected that fucking a guy could be so enjoyable and so erotic. He was so wrapped up fucking the hot curvy ass that his ejaculation snuck up on him. Almost without warning Chuck shot a massive load into Andrew's rectum.

Andrew groaned aloud when he felt the first stream shoot into him followed by several more streams nearly as forceful. Chuck moved his hips in and out as he ejaculated into the bottom until he was nearly drained. He pressed his body into his gay lover and remained still as Andrew clenched and unclenched his sphincter muscle around the thick shaft. Chuck was still hard when he removed his cock. Andrew turned over and took a hold of his own erection and stroked it in search of his release. Chuck watched him jerk off. 

"Sorry that I came so soon. I couldn't hold it back any longer."

"No problem, put your cock back in me. Just fuck me until I cum."

Chuck moved back to Andrew who lifted his legs to receive the erect cock. He again eased his cock back into the well lubed passage and began to fuck him again. Andrew stroked his cock as he was a fucked missionary style. Chuck watched as Andrew closed his eyes and felt the sphincter tighten around his cock when he ejaculated. Andrew's load shot out in four or five streams and landed on his chest, abs and pubes. 

Chuck wanted to cum again but he wanted to look at the sweet ass when he fucked it. He pulled put, rolled Andrew over and then slipped his cock back into the receptive ass. Andrew was flattened on the bed face down as Chuck drove his impressive cock in deep. Andrew's ass moved under him but his strength and drive kept the pretty gay pinned under him. The powerful buttocks clenched and unclenched as he pummeled the sweet ass. His thick cock drove into Andrew and then retreated until only the head remained in held by the taut ring. Andrew felt the powerful shaft drive in and out of his anal passage like a piston causing him to cry out.

"Oh man your cock is so big in my ass, so deep. Cum in me again, I want to feel you shooting in my ass!"

Chuck continued to fuck the shapely firm ass of his lover driving his cock into the warm recess. He sensed his second release building in his balls and he knew that within minutes he would cum in the hot ass. He felt the pressure in his scrotum just before he unleashed another torrent of semen into the shapely firm ass underneath him. He felt Andrew's sphincter muscle tighten around the shaft and squeeze every ounce of juice out of it. Chuck stayed hard and he continued to slowly fuck the cum-filled ass. He was in no hurry to pull out and felt as if he could fuck his lover all morning.
