 NEXT LEG OF THE TRIP

Chuck and Andrew had spent the night in Carmel by the Sea after a day of sightseeing on the Monterey Peninsula. They had a nice dinner before Chuck got to enjoy Andrew's lovely bottom for another night. He had become comfortable masturbating his gay friend as he fucked him in the spoon position and Andrew was pleased.

In the morning Chuck woke up with another morning boner. He cuddled up behind Andrew and slipped his stiff dick into the receptive bottom. He moved ever so slowly as he liked morning sex and tried to last as long as he could, savoring the time in the sweet ass. Once again, he gave Andrew a reach around and stroked the cock until it erupted. Chuck then filled Andrew's rectum with a substantial load and the two rested for several minutes.

Chuck eventually eased his cock out of the curvy ass and made his way to the bathroom. When he returned, he put on a tee and jogging shorts. He was tying his running shoes when Andrew spoke.

"Where are going?"

"I'm going for a quick run. I'll stop at the coffee shop and pick up some lattes and pastries."

"You're unbelievable, I'm staying in bed."

Chuck stood up and patted his friend on the buttock, "See you in about an hour."

He left the hotel room. Andrew remained in bed on his side. He could feel the semen ooze from his anus and trickle over his smooth buttock. He was still tired and managed to doze off for a short time. When he woke he made his way to the bathroom to shower and douche his ass. He was sitting in the room dressed in a tee and shorts when Chuck returned with the lattes and pastries. 

"I figured we would have light breakfast and stop in Ventana for lunch."

"I'm looking forward to the drive along Big Sur. It's supposed to be fantastic."

"Yeah me too. I was thinking after lunch we should stay north of L.A. tonight, rather than the city."

"I agree, save a few bucks."

The two of them enjoyed the lattes and pastries before checking out of the hotel. They gassed up the car and began the drive to Ventana Big Sur. It was a beautiful clear day and a perfect day for the drive. It was breathtaking and they were both in awe, seeing it for the first time. Almost 2 hours later they stopped in Ventana for lunch and dined looking out at the Pacific. 

Andrew asked, "Where should we stay tonight?"

"I was thinking somewhere around Santa Barbara, north of L.A."

"Sounds good, we don't need to hit Venice Beach too early tomorrow."

"No, I suspect things don't start happening there until mid-morning or early afternoon."

Just then Andrew spotted a young man looking their way. At first, he thought it was a young woman but he had been around enough gays to recognize the effeminate looking gay. He started to walk toward the duo.

"Chuck this guy is coming over toward us."

Chuck looked up and at first, he too thought it was a girl, "Is that a guy?"

"Yes, a pretty one, definitely gay."

The young man got closer and they noticed he was build slender like Andrew and he also had a shapely bottom. He wore a snug fitting shirt and tight slacks, His hair was dark, nearly black but with a couple of white stripes through it. His lips had a slight trace of pink indicating that he had previously worn lipstick. His eyes had a hint of blue eye shadow that had been wiped off. He was really a good looking young man.

"Hi, sorry to bother you."

"Hello," Andrew replied.

"Are you guys traveling north or south?"

"We're headed south toward L.A."

"Oh wonderful, can I catch a ride with you. I'll pay for your lunch and gas." 

Andrew looked at Chuck and asked, "What do you say?"

"I'm okay with it. We are going to stop north of L.A. probably around Santa Barbara for the night."

"Marvelous, I live near L.A."

"How did you get here?"

"Can I sit with you?"

"Sure, have a seat."

"I'm Danielle by the way," he said as he sat at the table.

"I'm Andrew and he's Chuck."

"Did you say Danielle?"

"Yes, it's Daniel but I prefer Danielle."

"So, you were going to tell us why you are here without a ride."

"Oh yes, my boyfriend and I had a spat last night and he left with the car. I thought he would get over it and come back but he hasn't."

"Don't you think he might still return looking for you?"

"Well, I'm tired of waiting and if he does come back and I'm gone, it serves him right."

Chuck then said, "Okay, I'm going to use the bathroom and then we can get going."

The waiter came over and as promised Danielle paid the bill. Then he and Andrew also used the restroom before they headed south. Danielle had a small overnight bag that he kept in the back seat as the trunk was nearly full. They began the drive and their conversation continued.

"So, why did you guys pick Santa Barbara to stay tonight?"

Andrew replied, "We are going to visit Venice Beach tomorrow and we thought we would save some money staying north of L.A."

"I see. Well I know of some places in Ventura that you can stay for less and it gets you closer to Venice. I live near Ventura."

"Okay, that sounds good."

"I guess that you haven't been to Venice Beach before."

"Right, first trip to California."

"Well, it will be a little calmer since it is a week day. The weekends are wild there. About everything goes on except sex on the beach. That's not to say that sex isn't happening nearby."

"Sounds crazy."

"Yeas, you will see all types of sexual orientation. Most everyone wears the least amount of clothes legally it seems. Guys on the beach with G-strings. Women in skimpy string bikinis. Guys and girls rollerblading in tight shorts with their cheeks hanging out. You two have figured out that I'm gay, right?"

"Yes, we assumed that."

"Your assumption is correct and I am obviously gay. Many of the gays at Venice are not so obvious. Some of them are muscle heads that work out on the beach. There are those who are obvious too. The muscular guys like the young twinks."

"Wow!" Andrew exclaimed but Chuck remained quiet and kept driving. 

"So are you two an item. You know, are you into each other?"

"I'm gay but Chuck is my friend and he is bi with me."

"Really, so you are a gay bottom and Chuck is your bi top."

That was the second time Chuck heard those terms. The first time was with Skylar. He accepted that as the normal description of his and Andrew's relationship.

"Right, he is not into cock but he likes fucking me."

"Is he hung?"

"Oh yes, he has a big dick."

"How about you?"

"Above average but not as big as Chuck. Shit, I'm getting a boner talking about it."

"Why don't you come back here and let me help you with that."

Andrew was excited with the prospect of getting his cock sucked. That hadn't happened since that time with Skylar days ago. He had Chuck pullover to the side of the road and then he got in back with Danielle who tossed his bag into the front seat. Chuck got back on the road as Andrew got comfortable with the pretty gay.

Danielle reached over and unfastened Andrew's slacks and pulled them down along with his underwear. Andrew lifted his hips to assist. His cock was hard and snagged in his undershorts before springing out and slapping his abdomen. 

"Nice," Danielle whispered as he took the stiff dick in his hand and stroked it. He played with it for several minutes and then lowered his mouth and covered the hard cock.

As he always did the first time he sucked a new cock, Danielle put everything into it. He wanted Andrew to have a blow job he would always remember. Andrew had had plenty of blowjobs but he had never felt what Danielle made him feel at that moment. There was something about his movements as he employed just the right amount of teasing and nibbling. Andrew knew he was in for an orgasm of monumental proportions. He felt hands grab his ass cheeks behind him and he was impressed with his strength for such a petite gay. Danielle spread the cheeks and Andrew could feel fingers moving toward his anal portal. Danielle lubricated his finger with the mixture of her saliva and Andrew's pre-cum and then slipped the moistened finger into the receptive ass.

The sensation of this was almost too much to bear. Danielle seemed to sense his condition and he held still for just a moment letting Andrew recover briefly. Danielle's finger moved with urgency now as he finger fucked Andrew in the ass to the same tempo that the mouth sucked his cock. Danielle then slid a second finger into Andrew's ass. He found his prostate and he sucked him all the way into his mouth. Danielle pushed against the prostate as he sucked him deeply into his mouth and caused a volcanic eruption. Andrew held onto Danielle's shoulders as his toes curled and he flooded the mouth with one of his massive loads. Andrew pushed into the mouth and held onto to the shoulders as the ejaculation drained his energy. Danielle hungrily and insatiably drank down all Andrew's cum.

Danielle sat back feeling proud about his oral skills and smiled at Andrew. "Did you like?"

"Oh my God, what is not to like."

"Ready to do me?" 

"Sure, just give me a sec."

As Andrew was composing himself, Danielle unfasted his pants and pushed them and his designer underwear down to his knees. His average size 6" cock was erect and ready to be sucked. Without bothering to pull up his own clothes, Andrew leaned across the seat and took the vibrant cock in his mouth. He was pleased with the blow job he received from Danielle and he was ready to reciprocate.

Danielle just closed his eyes as Andrew's lips kissed the engorged cock. Danielle's body tensed as the lips moved up and down the shaft and then Danielle gasped as the willing mouth engulfed his cock. Andrew was a very good cocksucker and in no time Danielle was ready to blow a load. He tried to prolong the ejaculation as long as possible. Andrew knelt on the car floor and held the pretty gay firmly. He caressed the back of Danielle's legs and buttocks as Andrew's warm, wet, wonderful mouth sucked on the throbbing cock. He felt the light scraping of Andrew's teeth. Danielle's dick was throbbing and ready to shoot.

Andrew took the cock out, looked up and stroked the entire length of it and massaged Danielle's bloated balls. He then sucked it again, took it out and gently blew on it. Andrew's fingers continually massaged the taut ball sac. He tickled the cock head and teased Danielle's pee slit. He had Danielle close to cumming a few times. He then took Danielle's cock all the way in and swirled the tongue around the length of the shaft, nibbled on the cock head and sucked it hard. Andrew reached under the gay's balls and rubbed the taint hardness. Danielle's cock swelled and there was no stopping him this time.

Andrew grabbed the lovely ass cheeks with both hands as Danielle exploded in his mouth. Danielle fired round after round of cum into Andrew's mouth who sucked and swallowed as fast as possible. Rope after rope of semen shot into his mouth as Danielle seemed to have an endless supply. Finally, the barrage subsided and the cock stopped cumming in Andrew's mouth. He sucked on the firm cock until every drop was drained from Danielle's dick. 

"Oh, my, was that ever great. Chuck, I can see why you like traveling with Andrew. He is a wonderful cock sucker."

"Yes, I agree."

"Chuck, you should let Danielle blow you. He is great too. I can drive for a while."

"That's okay, I'll pass. I'm saving myself for your ass tonight." 

The gays pulled up their clothes and then Danielle made an offer, "If you let me party with you both tonight, I'll pay for the room in Ventura."

"Wow, I'm game. What about you Chuck?"

Thinking back to the session with Skylar, Chuck recalled how he enjoyed the threesome. Danielle was just as pretty as Skylar, maybe even more so. He thought why not it could be fun again.

"Okay, I'm cool with that if you want to Andrew."

It was agreed and they would share the same room in Ventura that evening. Along the way they stopped for gas and Danielle lived up to his promise of paying for the fuel. They grabbed some fast food that evening for dinner and then checked in to a motel that was clean and reasonable, just as Danielle had promised. 

A NIGHT AND MORNING OF GREAT SEX

Once in the hotel room things moved quickly. They were all anxious for sex and Andrew was anxious to fuck Danielle. He hadn't fucked anyone since Skylar. They were pleased that the room had a king size bed and they would fit comfortably once they were in it. They stripped naked and Danielle saw Chuck's cock for the first time and wondered how Andrew ever took it. 

Danielle tentatively reached for Chuck's cock. He held the long thick cock in his hand briefly before he finally licked the head with his tongue. He couldn't believe the girth on the cock as he could not wrap his hand all the way around it. Danielle opened his mouth and took the head in and he felt his jaw strain to accommodate the size. He only took about four inches of the cock into his mouth and began to suck on it. Andrew began fucking Danielle as he sucked on Chuck's cock. The whole scene had the three of them turned on and it didn't take long for Andrew to cum and fill Danielle's ass with a milky load. 

Chuck loved the blow job he was getting from the cute gay as it was as good as anyone had given him. Even though Danielle was still adjusting to Chuck's size he did a good job sucking cock. Chuck was turned on so when he came he flooded Danielle's mouth. Danielle was taken back by the force and amount of cum that shot into his mouth. He had to pull off the spurting cock to keep from gagging and the remainder of the cum splashed off of his forehead and face. Andrew emptied his balls into his newest lover's ass as he watched Chuck's massive load hit the pretty gay's face. Danielle wiped cum off his face and licked his fingers clean.

"I need to cum," Danielle gasped in near desperation.

Andrew moved into position to be fucked and Danielle got the lube and prepared his ass. As Danielle was fingering Andrew's shapely ass Chuck decided that he would fuck Danielle. He took the lube and fingered Danielle's ass just as he often did with Andrew's ass. Danielle was leery of the big cock and he hoped that Chuck wouldn't try to put it in all the way. Danielle slipped his cock into Andrew's ass and began fucking him while Chuck continued to finger fuck Danielle. Danielle actually liked the anal penetration as he fucked his lover and he wished that Chuck had a smaller cock.

Chuck, satisfied that Danielle's ass was well lubed, applied a generous amount of lube to his own cock. Chuck moved in behind the cute gay and pushed his cock into the snug ass. Danielle groaned and pleaded with Chuck not to go to deep.

"Chuck please, you're too big, I can't take you all the way in my ass."

"Nonsense, if my Andrew can take my cock you certainly can. You just need to be stretched a bit more."

"Fuck him Chuck, fuck his ass."

Chuck eased more of his cock into the snug but receptive ass. He was gentle though relentless in his quest to fuck the sweet bottom. He would push in a little and stop allowing Danielle to adjust along the way. Finally, he began a rocking motion and began fucking him slowly. Danielle's ass had stretched enough now that he was comfortable with the big cock in him and he resumed fucking Andrew. As Danielle picked up the pace fucking Andrew in the ass he was pushing his own ass back onto Chuck's cock. 

Chuck slowed down as he didn't have to move much while the two gays were fucking. Danielle would bury his cock in Andrew and in the process his ass would slide along Chuck's cock. When Danielle withdrew slightly, he impaled his ass on the cock. Chuck inched closer and closer as Danielle seemed to be able to take more and more of his cock. When Danielle felt Chuck's pubic hair brush against his buttocks, he realized that the dick was all the way in his ass. He couldn't believe that he had taken all of the big thick cock. He was proud of himself now and he picked up the pace fucking his new lover and impaling himself on the large cock. 

"Oh my God, this is fucking fantastic. You guys are so hot," Danielle cried out.

Chuck came before Danielle did but when he felt cum shoot into his ass he lost it. His buttocks tightened as he plunged his cock all the way into Andrew's ass and unleashed his second load of the day. Danielle flooded his latest lover's rectum with an enormous load. As his buttocks clenched and unclenched as he came in Andrew's ass. His actions milked every drop of cum from Chuck's cock. Chuck caressed the shapely ass as he let his cock be milked dry. He liked looking at the tanned gays with their lily-white asses. The fact that they had tan lines emphasized the shape of their curvy bottoms.

Andrew was erect again after the fuck session, so he had Danielle suck his cock. Chuck watched them and then he too got hard again. Danielle was also hard again after sucking his lover and swallowing his load. This time Andrew would take Chuck's cock in his ass as he sucked Danielle's cock. The three of them fucked and sucked until they were drained and exhausted. They stretched out in the king-sized bed.

Later they got up one by one, showered and returned to bed. The three of them slept naked through the night with Andrew in the middle. They were so tired from the trip and the sex that they did not move an inch. In the morning Chuck was awaken by the motion of the bed moving. He cleared his eyes and saw that Andrew was behind Danielle fucking him in the spoon position. 

Chuck located the lube and then he prepared Andrew's ass for another fucking. Chuck lay behind Andrew and he pressed his body against the cute gay. Andrew sensing his presence stopped fucking so that Chuck could enter him. Chuck eased his cock into the familiar ass and Andrew moaned as he was penetrated. Andrew then resumed fucking Danielle as Chuck fucked him. 

Just as he had the night before, Chuck didn't have to move that much as the fucking motion of Andrew caused his ass to slide back and forth on Chuck's cock. Chuck watched as his cock moved in and out of Andrew's shapely ass and he was still in disbelief that he was participating in a threesome again. However, he loved fucking both of them and he liked getting his cock sucked. 

"I'm going to cum," Andrew announced in a soft voice.

"Oh good," Danielle uttered equally softly.

Chuck felt the sphincter tighten around his cock as Andrew emptied his balls into Danielle's receptive ass. Both Andrew and Danielle liked cumming when they had a cock in their ass and Chuck liked it when they ejaculated while he was fucking them. He went right on fucking Andrew who stayed in Danielle's ass.

"Oh, I feel it," Danielle cried out acknowledging that Andrew's semen had filled his rectum.

"I'm right behind you Andrew," Chuck whispered as he felt his balls tighten.

Chuck drove his cock deep into the hot curvy ass and unleashed a torrent of spunk into the snug chute. Andrew moaned as his rectum was filled to overflowing with the massive load. Andrew clenched and unclenched his sphincter milking Chuck's cock. When Chuck pulled out a stream of semen ran out and trickled over the shapely buttock.

"Do you have something left for me?" Danielle asked teasingly as he knew that Chuck could cum again.

Chuck stroked his still hard cock and replied, "You know I do."

"Andrew, get on your back so I can fuck you," Danielle directed.

Andrew rolled over, cum still oozing from his ass, as Danielle moved into position. Danielle smiled when he saw the cum dripping anus and he aimed his cock at the dilated entrance. He eased his stiff dick into Andrew's ass and it went in easily after the big cock had fucked it. Danielle waited for Chuck to enter his ass before he began fucking Andrew. As before, Chuck did not have to move much at first. Danielle thrust his hips back and forth and the cock disappeared and re-appeared. Danielle's motion moved his ass back and forth on Chuck's big cock.
