 VENICE BEACH AND MORE

After they dropped Danielle off at his place, Chuck and Andrew drove to Venice Beach. Like anything else, seeing pictures and reading about places is very different than being there. The Venice Beach Boardwalk was everything Danielle said. Stretching about one and a half miles along the sands of the Pacific Ocean, the boardwalk was unique. 

There were hundreds of street vendors and performers, everything from street-dancing to broken glass walking. Mimes, musicians, jugglers, jesters and everything imaginable made up the human landscape. You can have your fortune read, get a temporary tattoo or have your name written on a grain of rice. If souvenirs were what you were after then the boardwalk was the place to go. The Westside offered unique arts and crafts, odds and ends and unique items only obtainable there. Paintings, photos, rocks of various sorts and sculptures were among the popular offerings. 

On the Eastside were the store fronts of the boardwalk. Here you will find any sort of t-shirt desired, from the politically motivated to sexually charged to the plain old Venice Beach t-shirt. There was sure to be one for everybody. In addition, there were tattoo and piercing stores, skate and surf shops, medical marijuana dispensaries and more. That was in addition to the large selection of restaurants, juice spots and bars. 

Chuck and Andrew were in awe and they decided to walk the mile and a half both ways before they stopped for lunch. As Danielle had said many of the beach goers wore the skimpiest of clothes barely allowed by law. Rollerbladers and skate boarders wore tight shorts with their cheeks hanging out. On the beach most of the fit women and men wore G-string bikini bottoms. At the outdoor gym, muscular guys covered in oil wore tiny tight shorts.

The two friends had worn Speedos under their nylon shorts along with tee shirts and flip flops. They stopped for lunch and dined outside so they could continue people watching. There were beautiful people and then those who should have been wearing more clothes. After lunch they relaxed on the beach for more people watching and a few dips in the Pacific. 

Later they decided to pass on dinner and they were not interested in exploring the nightlife at Venice Beach. They instead headed for Cosa Mesa and stopped for dinner along the way. They finished the drive after dinner and checked in at the hotel. It had been a long day beginning with threesome sex with Danielle. They were tired but not too tired to retire without sex. Chuck decided to take a shower first.

Chuck relaxed under the hot water as he thought of Andrew again and how good it was to fuck his ass. He loved watching his cock slide in and out of the shapely ass. He again justified it and convinced himself that it was no different being with a guy then with a girl when it came to getting a blow job or butt fucking. He felt his loins stir again just thinking of Andrew's ass. He knew that before their vacation was over he would fuck the pretty gay over and over. After the soothing shower, he dried himself off and walked back into the bedroom. Andrew was already naked and he too decided to shower first. It also gave him a chance to douche his ass. After his shower, Andrew got in bed on all fours with his curvy bubble butt stuck up in the air. Chuck felt his cock twinge as he looked at the hot ass. 

"Chuck, fuck me again." 

Chuck's cock hardened as he approached the bed. He knelt behind Andrew and began to caress the beautiful ass. Andrew handed him the lube and as always asked his friend to get his ass ready. Chuck put an ample amount of lube in his hands and rubbed it all around the taut rubbery ring. He inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing the sweet ass for another fuck. He sawed his fingers in and out and he was turned on by the thought of burying his cock in the shapely ass. Would he ever tire of fucking this lovely ass? He doubted it. Chuck moved closer to him and lined up the head of his cock with the anal opening. He eased his big dick into the receptive ass.

Andrew uttered those familiar words, "Remember, not too deep at first, then deeper."

The cock head cleared the sphincter and he fed it to the blonde a little at a time. The ass chute was warm and tight as the cock went deeper and deeper. Soon he was all the way in the hot ass and he started a slow fucking motion. He continued to pump with deep, long, deliberate thrusts. He caressed Andrew's smooth round buttocks as he fucked him. 

Chuck soon picked up the pace and he pounded the smooth ass faster and faster. His balls started bouncing off of his lover's balls and Andrew moaned with each thrust of the big cock. Chuck could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed deep in the rectum. He fired a barrage of cum into the clenching, gripping ass filling it to overflowing. 

As Chuck continued to fuck, his seed backed up in the rectum and oozed out. Andrew used his talented anal action to milk the thick cock and drain it dry. The clenching action weakened Chuck and sent tingles through his body. He pulled out of the sweet ass and collapsed on the bed. Andrew rolled over on his back and jerked off. Chuck watched as his friend stroked his cock. He was so close this time that he did not ask Chuck to fuck him missionary style. He fired rounds of semen into the air. The first blast landed on Andrew's chest. The remainder of his load landed on his abs and pooled around his pubes. 

After a brief rest, Andrew started getting playful and was rubbing Chuck's cock. Once Chuck got a woody, Andrew covered it with his mouth and sucked on it. He was running his tongue all around the shaft and tickling the pee hole.

"Do you want to cum in my mouth or would you like to fuck me again?"

"I'd like to fuck you again."

"I was hoping you would say that."

As before, Andrew got on all fours in the bed and handed the lube to his lover. Chuck took his time lubricating the sweet ass and he liked the submissive posture presented. Andrew had his head down on his hands which were folded on the bed. His ass was elevated and his back was arched emphasizing the curvy shape of his bottom. Andrew looked perfect and he presented exactly the image that Chuck liked to fuck.

Chuck moved close and slowly eased his cock into the receptive ass. Andrew groaned slightly with the penetration as the rubbery ring stretched once again to accept the big cock. Once past the taut ring, Chuck fucked him slowly until the ass opened up and he was once again able to take the big thick cock. Chuck then picked up the pace and soon his hips were slamming into the lovely bottom. Andrew's curvy ass would jiggle each time Chuck thrust into it and he loved the effect. 

They fucked for a seemingly long time. Chuck finally felt his orgasm building again and he knew that he would dump another load in the gripping rectum. Andrew felt Chuck's body stiffen and make one final thrust as he buried his cock in the hot ass. Andrew felt cum surge into him and he felt the cock throb with each release. 

The sphincter involuntarily clenched and unclenched as it massaged Chuck's cock and drew every drop of cum from the shaft. Chuck kept pressed against his lover and let his cock be milked dry. Andrew couldn't hold his position any longer and he collapsed forward on the bed. Chuck followed him down and lay on top of the smooth body with his cock still buried in the curvy ass. Chuck felt the smooth hairless skin against his own and he loved the feeling. He ran his hands under Andrew's chest and hugged the body to him. Then he pushed up on his elbows to keep from crushing the slender body beneath him. He then rolled to the side and his cock slipped from the dilated anus.

"Oh Chuck, I love being fucked like that."

"I love fucking your ass."

"Stay in my bed for a while longer."

"Okay."

They cuddled in the spoon position and actually dozed off in Andrew's bed. Chuck's cock hardened and was nestled between the glorious globes. Almost by instinct Chuck eased his cock into the lovely ass and he fell asleep with his stiff dick in Andrew's ass. Sometime later it slipped out, waking him up. Chuck then moved to the other double bed and went back to sleep. 

A DAY IN NEWPORT

The next morning, they guys slept in until nearly 10:00 AM. They passed on morning sex and checked out of the hotel. Andrew inquired at the front desk and got the location of a diner. They went there before going to Newport Beach. They ate more of a brunch than lunch since it was late morning. Afterward they arrived at the Newport Beach parking lot. Being a weekday, it wasn't that crowded. They both loved the beach and would spend the entire day there.

They spread out beach towels and slipped off their shorts and tee shirts. Wearing on the bikini style Speedo their bodies looked great. All their exposed skin was tan and it would even be darker by day's end. A few people glanced at them and saw the muscular Chuck and slender Andrew. Many of them thought they were an item and more than friends. They lay face down on the beach towels and put sun block on each other. 

They moved their bodies around so as to expose all parts to the sun. They lay on their backs, sides and bellies. When Andrew was on his belly his ass got a lot of looks from passerbys. Chuck also got looks when he lay on his back and his package was outlined in the Speedo. They took frequent dips in the ocean to cool off and all in all they were enjoying the day. At one-point Andrew brought up the porno business.

"Chuck, I've been thinking about what Skylar said about becoming a porn star."

"You're not serious."

"I am. I was thinking if I made $50,000 a year, I could easily pay off my student loan and the rest of college."

"You're dreaming."

"No really, Skylar said I could earn up to $100,000 a year. So 50K is not out of the question."

"You think that you could do that. Fucking and sucking other guys in front of a camera."

"Sure, and I'd be getting paid for what I like to do."

"I think you're nuts. I could never do that, not even straight porn." 

"I'm going to call Skylar when we get to San Diego tonight."

"You would have to live here in California."

"I'll transfer to a Cal school and live on campus."

"I need to take a dip in the ocean."

Chuck got up and walked to the water's edge and slowly waded into the ocean. He let the breakers crash around his upper body cooling him off and then he returned to the beach. As he walked back to his towel he saw that an attractive couple had settled next to their spot and they were talking with Andrew. 

"Chuck, this is Pedro and Maria."

"Pleased to meet you," Chuck said and shook both their hands.

"Chuck, Maria and I noticed you and Andrew and we were wondering if you were gay. Andrew told us that you are bisexual and he is gay. Even better."

"I don't understand."

"I told them that we are on our way to San Diego tonight. Pedro invited us to dinner and then to his place later."

Chuck looked at the couple and he admired Maria's beauty. She wore a tasteful two-piece swim suit that hugged her curves. She had long dark hair and dark eyes to match, small firm breasts, a narrow waist and a killer ass. Pedro was fit but not as big and not as muscular as Chuck.

"Maria and I are Mexican and we are swingers. We would like to spend the evening with you both."

It was obvious that Andrew was game. Chuck hadn't fucked a woman since he left home with Andrew and he was attracted to Maria. He decided to go for it.

"Okay Andrew, if you want to, I'll go along."

"Excellent, we live near Balboa. We will dine there and then we will go to our casa." 

A short time later they were on their way to dinner in Balboa. It was a very casual restaurant so the guys were fine in tees and shorts. The couple was very pleasant and a joy to be with. The conversation over dinner was about the guys and their impression of California. Sex never entered the discussion. Following dinner, they went to the couple's modest house.

Pedro got after-dinner drinks for everyone and they toasted each other. The living room had two matching love-seats which faced each other with a coffee table in between. Maria sat next to Chuck on one with Pedro and Andrew on the other. Pedro put his arm around Andrew. He then began rubbing Andrew's crotch and Andrew in turn rubbed Pedro's crotch. Maria also began to rub Chuck's crotch and then she unzipped him and fished his erect cock out of his pants. She said something in Spanish as she exclaimed her delight. She stroked his cock a few times and then dropped her mouth on it. Maria began to bob her head up and down on his cock as she seemed to test her gag line. Chuck looked over at Andrew and he and Pedro both had their cocks out and they were jerking each other off.

Things move quickly after that and they all soon had their clothes off and moved to the bedroom. Andrew and Pedro moved into a 69 position and sucked each other's cock. Chuck moved between Maria's legs and lapped at her pussy. She was thrilled that he ate pussy and she had the hairiest bush that he had ever been down on. Maria came quickly and then he moved between her legs and slipped my rock-hard dick into her cunt. The thick cock fit snuggly in her for the first few strokes and then it moved easily as her pussy got wetter and wetter.

Maria was going crazy and she was telling him to fuck her faster. He began to pound her harder and faster and she seemed to experience a continuous string of orgasms until the final one which rocked her hot body. She thrust up into him, stiffened and then went into a set of convulsions as she climaxed. Chuck still hadn't cum and he wanted to flood her pussy with his seed but she begged him to stop. He rolled her over on all fours as he planned to fuck her doggy style.

Before he shoved his cock into her pussy from behind, Pedro handed him some lubricant. Apparently, they both thought that he was going to fuck her in the ass. Chuck took the lubricant and began to finger Maria's nether hole, this was an unexpected surprise. He loved fingering her anus and caressing her shapely ass cheeks. He amply lubricated his cock making it as slippery as he could and then he eased it into her ass. She was tight but he was happy to be fucking a hot woman.

Maria was speaking rapidly in Spanish and Pedro told Chuck to go slow because he had the biggest cock that she ever had. Both Pedro and Andrew watched as the big cock spread her aperture open to new dimensions. Chuck took his time and fed her a little at a time until his cock was in her ass. Then he fucked her ass slowly as she adjusted to the thickness. Maria had her head down and she was grasping the bed covers with both fists. Her head turned to the side and I could see the look on her face. She seemed to struggle with the slight discomfort but at the same time she was overcome with desire.

Andrew knelt next to Maria on the bed and then Pedro fed his cock to Andrew's ass. The four of us fucked until Pedro and Chuck came. Pedro came first and gasped aloud as he filled Andrew's ass with cum. Chuck kept drilling Maria's ass as she urged him to cum in her. Finally, he stiffened and fired a barrage of cum deep into her ass. She reached between her legs and frantically fingered her pussy as she felt cum fill her rectum. He stayed hard and he continued to fuck her shapely hot ass.

Pedro and Andrew traded places and Andrew fucked Pedro as Chuck continued to fuck Pedro's wife. Andrew didn't last long as he was very turned on. Chuck heard him groan and then he watched as his body stiffened and he shot his load in Pedro's ass. Chuck kept right on fucking Maria as she begged him to cum again. Then he felt my second orgasm approach so he drove into her hard and let it loose. he filled her ass with another load that mingled with the first. 

As the cock softened and slipped from her ass, cum squirted out and then ran down between her cheeks and over her pussy. Pedro surprised Andrew and Chuck when he got behind his wife and licked the cum from her ass. Maria went crazy with her husband's tongue in her ass and she rubbed her clit rapidly in search of another orgasm. Maria screamed in ecstasy and then collapsed on the bed. Pedro followed her trying to keep his tongue in her ass. He then used his hands to spread her cheeks and he sucked the remaining cum from her. It was really a turn on to watch this wicked married couple.

They stayed together for a long time and fucked in several different positions. They triple fucked with Chuck in her pussy, Pedro in her ass and Andrew in Pedro's ass. Andrew and Chuck had cum at least four times and they were drained as were Pedro and Maria. Andrew and Pedro slept in the same bed and Chuck slept with Maria. They were dead tired, sexually sated and they didn't move all night. 

The next morning began with sex before breakfast. Chuck fucked Maria senseless with his morning piss hard-on. Pedro and Andrew fucked each other and then it was time for showers and breakfast. The couple made breakfast for all. Afterward, Chuck and Andrew thanked the couple and headed for San Diego. The two guys chatted as they made the drive.

"Wow that was some night."

"I'll say. Did you like fucking a woman again?"

"Yes, especially her. She was hot and beautiful. I never expected to fuck her in the ass."

"She loved it."

"Once she got used to my cock, yeah."

"Pedro was a good lover. He said they like picking up others to swing with and they don't care if it's couples, girls or guys."

"What do you say we head to Point Loma first, I really want to see that before anything else."

"Sounds good! I'm going to call Skylar later and tell him my decision to become a porn actor."

SAN DIEGO

They hit Point Loma first and then took in other sights. They had lunch and dinner in San Diego before checking into their hotel for the next two nights. Being tired and sexually satisfied from the morning sex, they chilled out and relaxed before going to bed.

Andrew did call Skylar and he was thrilled when he got off the phone.

"Chuck, Skylar wants me to come to San Francisco on Sunday. He said he would arrange an audition for me."

"Our flight Sunday leaves from San Diego. I have to get back home."

"I know. I'll change my ticket and I'll call my folks. I need you to tell them that everything is okay."

"What do you want me to tell them?"

"Tell them that I have a good job opportunity here. If things work out, I'll take the job and transfer to a California college."

"Okay but I still think you are crazy. I'm hitting the sack."

The motel had two beds in each room and that night the guys slept in separate beds. Being tired, neither of them were up for sex. The morning would be a different story however. They both liked morning sex after a good night's sleep. 

THEIR LAST FULL DAY TOGETHER

In the early morning hours Chuck stirred and he realized he had a raging hard-on. He looked over at Andrew and saw him sleeping on his side. He got up, took the lube off the nightstand and moved to the other bed. He applied the lube to his cock to make it very slick. He moved back to Andrew and slipped his cock in the blonde's sweet ass. Chuck fucked him slowly and eventually dumped a load in the receptive ass. They stayed coupled together as Chuck's cock eventually softened and slipped out. They went back to sleep in the same bed until the alarm went off an hour later.

"Chuck, would you do me a big favor and massage my shoulders and back. I am really stiff this morning for some reason."

"Sure, I can do that."

He got the body lotion from the bathroom and straddled Andrew's prone body. He sat on the shapely legs just below the curvy buttocks and rested his semi-hard cock in the crack of the sweet ass. He poured the lotion on Andrew's back and shoulders and then began to massage the pretty body. His hands glided over the smooth flawless skin. After several minutes of massaging the upper body he turned his attention to the irresistible ass. He massaged each of the buttocks, once again relishing in the feel of the round firm globes. He felt his cock begin to harden again and within a few minutes of rubbing the lovely ass, he was erect again. The huge hard cock was nestled in the crack of the alluring bottom and he slid his cock within the fold of the buttocks.
