 Noah's birthday weekend was one of the best, if not the greatest of my entire life. The rest of the sleepover passed without anything sexually notable, yet I was pleased to know that Noah wasn't at all uncomfortable with the prospect of getting undressed in front of me. When I wasn't sitting around eyeing Noah's beautiful body and begging my boner to go down before I had to stand up, Noah and I just did normal things that friends did. 

When I say normal however, I'd have to admit that being friends with someone, for me at least, wasn't normal. Everything was a new experience. Laying in Noah's dark bedroom, talking late into the night about footy, movies, girls, and school. Getting up late to the smell of bacon and eggs from the kitchen by the kind, lovable Mrs Bennet. Riding our bikes into the bush and trying to build a tree house; racing each other in the open drain; and returning to the footy fields as the sun began to set just to throw the ball around and have a few practise tackles. These things were what made the weekend even more remarkable than I had thought possible and by the time I had to return home on Sunday, I felt quite put out.

The phrase 'put out' actually, would be quite an understatement. 

***

Monday morning wasn't as fun. I was tired and slightly grumpy. I had forgot to set my alarm clock the previous night, and I had to rush desperately to get to school on time. I was still scowling when I entered my first class and took a seat next to Noah.

'Hey man, what's up?' I asked, yawning, and throwing myself down into a chair.

'Erm nothing much.' Noah responded.

It was a moment before I noticed his voice sounded funny. Turning slowly, I was met with a bizarre sight. Five sets of eyes, including Noah's were upon me. The other four boys were grinning from ear-to-ear, obviously holding back fits of laughter.

'What the fuck are you doing Matheson?' a red-headed boy named Nathan said, 'The loner tables over there.'

Nathan pointed across the room, at the empty desk I usually occupied. It took nearly ten seconds in my exhausted state for the entire unusualness of the scene to make any sense. Finally, I realised that I had never sat next to Noah at school before. I had never interacted with his mates either, or generally gave any inkling that Noah and I knew each other. 

I glanced at Noah who was giving me an odd sort of look. Was it pleading? I didn't know and frankly, I didn't care. My anger from the early morning had suddenly returned in waves; much stronger than usual. 

I gave Noah one last filthy look before standing abruptly, pulling my bag over my shoulder, and cross the room to my usual desk. Droves of laughter followed me all the way there so that by the time I had reached the desk, my face was flushed and my ears ringing. I was so angry and humiliated that I didn't even notice when a couple of spit balls hit me in the back of the head. I did notice the considerable increase in laughter however. Luckily, Mrs Johnson entered the room moments later, and told Noah's friends to be quiet. 

As she began writing up notes, I gave Noah a sideways glance. He didn't look as though he had been laughing. Was I imagining it, or did Noah even look a little upset? I pondered this for a moment before reminding myself that I was supposed to be angry, and began scribbling Mrs Johnson's notes furiously.

When class was finished, I stormed from the room and weaved my way through the school buildings to the place our Physical Education class met. I had arrived so quickly, that it took several minutes before the rest of the class showed up. 

I refused to look at Noah as we all sat down and waited for Mr Baxter to turn up.

'Alright guys, lets head up to the pool. Everyone stay close together, and I don't want anyone out of my sight.'

My insides did a funny sort of lurch. The pool? How could I have forgotten that swimming started today? I didn't have swimmers or a towel or anything. What could I do? I supposed that I would just have to sit and watch, maybe Mr Baxter would give me some work to do. 

So, furious with myself, I got up with the rest of the excited class and headed out of the school and up the footpath towards the public pool. Noah's and his friends were ahead of me, laughing and carrying on as usual. I watched Noah walking; his shorts fitting tightly around his butt showing all that I needed for my imagination to run wild. 

I remembered back to yesterday morning when Noah had gotten out of the shower and started drying himself in front of me. I saw clearly, the towel being rubbed back-and-forth across his ass, his lush cheeks juggling slightly as he did so. I saw his hand move the towel into his crack and rub it up and down. And perhaps the best part; when Noah bent down to pick up his undies up off the floor. I would always remember that brief moment. The image of his balls dangling in-between his beautiful legs; his ass-cheeks separating slightly to give me a brief glimpse of the hairy insides where his anus was. I suppressed a shiver.

Noah suddenly got down on one knee and began tying his shoelace. His friends either hadn't noticed or didn't care because they kept walking. I was getting closer until - 

'Hey Corey.' Noah said quietly, standing upright and walking alongside me.

I was still angry; indeed I reminded myself to be angry, but something in his sweet yet rough voice broke all of my defences with ease.

'Yeh?' I answered, determined not to look at him.

'Are you keen for swimming?'

'Not really.' I answered truthfully.

'Why?'

'Because,' I hesitated, wondering if I should even bother telling him, 'because I forgot my swimmers.'

'Oh,' said Noah, 'that really sucks man. Hopefully he won't ask you to swim in your undies!' 

My insides turned cold. That thought hadn't occurred to me. Would Mr Baxter make me do that? I wasn't sure. Even as I thought it though, I remember the time Jarred last year was made to strip to his undies and join the rest of the guys. Jarred at least, hadn't made a big deal out of it. I wasn't so sure I could do the same.

When we arrived at the pool, the boys headed for the change rooms to dress into their swimmers. It turned out though that Mr Baxter let me sit under a shady bench and do some extra work. As I sat down and watched the rest of the guys exit the change rooms, I wondered if Mr Baxter let me sit out by judging my character and knowing how embarrassed I would have been if he had made me swim in my undies. 

The boys lined up in front of me, their backs facing me as Mr Baxter talked them through what they were going to do that day. I couldn't help myself; I essentially stared the whole time at the guys assess. Tight ones, round ones, flabby, squared, small ones; it was so hard to look away. Naturally my eyes met Noah's back, and traced down to his ass, his thighs... 

'How's it going?'

I jumped when the voice hit me to my left. Turning, I saw a boy named Reece sitting inches from me. How long he was there for, I didn't know, judging by the fact that he was fully clothed however, I guessed that he too had forgotten his swimmers.

'Pretty good.' I answered uneasily.

I knew Reece by face only. He wasn't part of Noah's group, but instead another group of skateboarders I hardly had anything to do with. Reece had considerably more muscle than me or Noah. I could make out pecks under his tight school shirt. His shorts were so short that they barely covered his groin, and the sight of his thick, hairy legs poking out almost gave me an instant boner.

'What are you staring at?' Reece ask, glancing at the guys in front of us, most of whom had already jumped into the pool.

'Nothing.' I said, my face reddening. 

If he knew...

'Sure man, "nothing".' Reece winked at me.

I almost started staring at his face then. His eyes were so intense. Pale blue; they drew me in; penetrated me; made me question myself.

'Yeh, pretty sure.' I answered, trying to recover myself.

I couldn't escape the eyes though. They locked me in. A few strands of Reece's dark hair had fallen over his eyes which continued to study me.

After a few minutes of the two of us sitting in silence, throwing sideways looks at each other, Reece stood up.

'I need to piss.' He said, indicating the change rooms.

I glanced at Mr Baxter and the guys in the pool. None of them were paying us the slightest bit of attention. They were playing water polo viciously. I spotted Noah, and anger passed through me again as I saw he was surrounded by a bunch of his arrogant, fuck-wit mates.

'Yeh I'll come too.' I said, jumping up.

I didn't really know why I was going to the toilet with Reece. He didn't object for some reason. Did Reece's eyes say something to me? Did I expect Reece to pull down his pants and tell me to suck his dick as soon as we reached privacy? Would I have wanted to if he did?

Of course, as we entered the change rooms, I told myself that these were just the thoughts of a horny guy. I didn't wank yesterday and I hadn't had a chance that morning. Needless to say, I regretted it profusely. 

Reece headed towards the urinals and I followed. The trough wasn't very wide when we got there, so we had to stand pretty close together. As we stopped, I pulled my shirt up a little and let my dick fall out of my shorts and undies into the open air. It wasn't cold, but it wouldn't have mattered if it was. My cock was almost fully erect as I pushed pee to the end, eventually forcing it to flow out messily. As I did so, I stole a glance at Reece and my mouth nearly fell open. 

It was huge! It had to be as big as Noah's, probably a bit bigger, and it was so thick. It looked like the dick of a man in his thirties. A mature man which would be completely and utterly developed and in the prime of his sexual life; not barely an eighteen year old as Reece was!

'Nice dick man.' Reece said quietly.

When he said this, my dick immediately went as hard as it could. Reece was looking at me again, staring me down with his intimidating eyes. 

We both finished out piss and I said, 'Thanks, yours is better.' as I turned to walk away.

Then, suddenly, Reece jumped at me. His hand closed quickly around my dick, and started to stroke it firmly. I had to suppress a moan. I was so shocked, but the feeling was so intents. I quickly reached for his big cock which was still dangling from his shorts. 

No sooner had my hand closed around it, did he push me down to my knees. I fell heavily but I didn't care. I was now face-to-face with his giant cock. It sat, pointing directly at me. A smell of sweat reached my nostrils.

I had never been so excited. I wanted to see more of him. I reached up quickly, his dick slapping the side of my face as I did so, and pulled his shorts down by the waistband. They hit the floor, revealing some of the most beautiful dangling balls I had ever seen. 

I couldn't wait any longer, as the dick slapped me in the cheek once more, I opened my mouth wide and closed it around Reece's shaft. A dick was being thrust back and forth inside my mouth for the first time. I nearly chocked as Reece pushed it deep, luckily stopping before he had gone too far into my throat. I composed myself quickly however and took in the incredibleness of the scene. His balls slapped my chin with each thrust. His pubes brushed my nose as he pushed, and every time he did so, he emitted a soft moan. 

My dick was painfully hard. I couldn't bare it any longer. I took my right hand, pulled my shorts down and started jacking off furiously. Reece continued to pant heavily. My left hand moved from his balls to clench his tight ass. The tips of my fingers fell into the crease of his increasingly sweaty ass crack. 

Reece sped up. With every thrust came the sound of a moan that I could tell was only muffled through incredibly difficulty. Then, as soon as I knew what had happened, Reece's ass had clamped around my fingers. His dick was thrown right to the back of my throat. He made a noise like a whimpering of a wounded animal and I could feel the warm liquid gushing into me. 

It was too much to handle. My hips rocked dangerously as my right hand wanked my dick to what was surely the best orgasm of my life. Cum sprayed the cool tiles of the change room floor. As Reece began to slow, I slurped up all the liquid in and around my mouth. 

When Reece pulled out, he smiled down at me with his incredible eyes and winked again.

'Cheers man.' 

With that, Reece pulled up his shorts again and walked away, leaving me to weakly struggle to my feet and retreat to a cubical to clean up.