 'So, you're eighteen?'

'Yes Sir.' I said.

'And you have finished school then?'

'Well, out of necessity yes.'

'And why do you want this job?'

I stopped and looked across at the middle aged Mr Jenkins, dressed in a boring pin-stripe suit topped with a red tie. A large desk covered in paperwork sat between me and my potential employer.

Hesitating, I decided to answer as truthfully as I could, 'I think I'd be good at it and to be honest, I just need a job. I'm in a really tough place right now, and I know that I'll work as hard as I can for you, just so I can pull myself up. I really need this sir, and I would never forget the chance you gave me, to help me out.'

Mr Jenkins considered me for a full ten seconds. Seeing the creases in his forehead, I wondered if I had gone too far. Perhaps I should have said something along the lines of "This is such a great opportunity", or, "I really want to move ahead my career in a car dealership. I have such a passion for selling cars!" Somehow, I just couldn't bring myself to lie like that. There was only one reason anyone needed a job, so it was pointless to pretend otherwise.

'Thank you Mr Matheson. Ms Geiger will call you in a few days, letting you know the results of the interview.' Mr Jenkins said, standing up and extending an arm.

Taking it, I said, 'Thank you sir; have a good day.'

'You too son.'

Leaving his office and the dealership, I crossed the road to the shopping centre, where a milkshake bar sat between a grocery store and a credit union. Noah was sitting out the front of the shop, two tall milkshake glasses' in front of him; examining a newspaper which had been sitting on the table since I left half an hour ago.

'Dam Soviets!' Noah said as I approached and sat down, 'You can't tell me that the Union's collapsed; those Russians want nothing more than to run this joint!'

I stared at him for a second before he burst out laughing. 

'You should hear my dad carry-on in the mornings.' He said, still laughing, 'How did it go anyway?'

'Not so good.' I said, smiling at Noah's continued giggling, 'I think I was a bit too honest.'

'Ah well man,' Noah said, 'Don't worry about it.'

'Well that's like the fifth interview that didn't go well.' I mumbled miserably.

'Maybe my dad can get you a job at the steel-works.' Noah said encouragingly. 

'Nah, I wouldn't feel comfortable asking.' I said, shaking my head, 'He's already done enough for me; letting me stay at your house and everything.'

Indeed, I had been staying at Noah's house for the past fortnight. I couldn't go back to my parents. The idea of walking back into the house filled me with constant dread. In fact, it seemed unlikely that I would ever see my parents again, at least not by choice.

'Do you want to head down to the arcade?' I asked, sipping the milkshake Noah had gotten me during the interview.

We spent the rest of the afternoon at the arcade, before staring the long walk back to Noah's house. The day was hot, and I was itching to get back to the privacy of Noah's bedroom and take off some of my clothes. My cock gave a little throb at the idea of this. Noah and I often spent much of our afternoons lounging in our underwear in his room; talking, reading comics and watching television. Even though I had been at Noah's for a few weeks now, the sight of his slim, tanned body lying next to naked on the floor beside me fuelled my shower-time wanking sessions. 

As we reached the house, Noah stepped in front of me to enter his room. As he did so, he tore his shirt off.

'Shit, it's hot isn't it man? Poker?' he added, indicating a poker set hidden somewhere under his bed. 

I followed suit by pulling my own shirt off and thankfully throwing it into the corner before saying, 'Yeh man; sound's good.'

'Sweet. Just a sec, I need to piss.' Noah said, brushing past me and yelling down the hall, 'Set it up!'

I watched Noah turning the corner into the bathroom, smiling at how adorable his strut was before crouching down under the bed. The poker set seemed to be right at the back of the bed, near the wall so I pulled my whole body under to reach it. 

As my hand reached for the wooden box, something caught my attention out of the corner of my eye. Looking up at the underside of the matrass and the trestles, I saw a magazine lodged between the mattress and the wood. Almost laughing, I reached up and pulled the magazine out to examine the front cover.

My jaw dropped.

There on the cover was a man. His six-pack and muscles to rival Recce's were clearly visible, as he thrusted inside his partner. However, this man wasn't fucking a woman's tight pussy, rather; another man's tight asshole.

I stared at the cover. I could have laid there forever and I wouldn't even have known; my mind had completely shut down due to sheer shock. Eventually, a few thoughts began to register.

This is Noah's magazine. Noah must like naked men. That means he's gay right? 

For some reason, it was incredibly difficult for me to make a clear connection or decision. The idea simply seemed ridiculous.

Noah Bennett: gay?

After all the time I had spent this year wanting him; needing him and convincing myself that there was no way he would ever feel the same way; here was undeniable evidence that I had wasted that time and energy.

I quickly flicked through the book. Perhaps there were pictures of women in it and it's all he could get his hands on? I couldn't bring myself to believe what seemed to be ludicrous. The book held many images of people naked, horny and having sex, yet all of them had penises.

An erection rising in my pants, I bit my lip before hastily deciding to put the magazine back where I found it and pull myself out from under the bed. Seconds later, Noah swaggered into the room, looking around the floor.

'Did you find the game man?' Noah asked, 'Is it under there?'

I hesitated for a full five seconds. I didn't know what to say, and in any case, my mouth didn't seem to want to form words. Instead, I simply shook my head, trying to look as though nothing had changed my entire concept of the world during my few seconds under the bed. 

Noah laughed and said, 'I'm pretty sure it's under there,' before throwing himself on his side and launching under the bed.

I backed away a little towards the window as I watched Noah's bare legs dangle out from beneath his bed, shifting further towards the back wall. Then, quite suddenly, Noah's body seemed to freeze. Noah and I didn't move for almost a minute. There was dead silence in the bedroom besides what appeared to be an increased rate of breathing coming from under the bed. Eventually, Noah began to pull himself out from under the bed, until he appeared sitting upright, the wooden poker game box clutched in his hands. 

I knew instantly that Noah was aware of the fact that I had seen the magazine. His eyes did everything they could to avoid mine. Indeed, they appeared to be fixated upon the floor. 

Considering how alarmingly upset Noah appeared, I thought for a moment that it might be best to simply pretend that I hadn't seen anything.

So, after several long seconds of continued silence, I said, 'Do you wanna play?' 

Then, quite suddenly, Noah jumped to his feet.

'I want you to leave.' He said quite calmly.

I stared, shocked for a moment but didn't move.

'Please, just go.' Noah said in a dangerously calm voice.

'Noah -'

'No, do-don't say anything.' Noah said, waving me away. 

He looked close to tears. Thinking for a moment, I made a sudden movement not towards the door but towards Noah.

'Corey, wha -'

But Noah was interrupted by my mouth colliding with his lips.

I was kissing him. I was kissing Noah Bennett. My warm lips were pressing against his in a barrage of passion which collectively held months of lust and want. In the few moments before I closed my eyes, I saw the shock etched across his face. The tenseness of his body was rivalled only by the apparent paralysis of his hands and mouth. 

Suddenly though, without warning, Noah kissed me back.

His firm yet surprising gentle rugby hands began moving up and down my naked back, from shoulder blades, down my spine to the line of my ass. His body relaxed as it collapsed into my own; our torsos pressed together and our legs began to make contact. His head was also moving; side to side as he seemed to make every effort to get closer to me; his mouth pressing against mine with such force that it felt like he was trying to fuse the two of us together; into one unit.

I was doing much the same, lost in the moment of completely; my mind convinced for a few glorious seconds that nothing else in the world mattered compared to what was happening there and then. My hands reached up to his blonde hair, before moving down his back as well; eventually resting on his round, perfect ass. 

Eventually, we pulled apart from each other, arms still resting on the others' ass. It was then that I felt for the first time, a spectacular feeling coming from below. Glancing down, I saw the outline of my dick pressing against the huge bulge of Noah's. Gently, Noah was rubbing his dick against mine, giving me a sensation that made me shiver. Smiling, Noah began to rub harder and faster, making my dick so hard that I felt it straining against the lining of my interview trousers; itching to get free. Noah took his hand from my back, moved it around to my pants and began to cup my balls. I started to moan gently as I shifted my own hand towards his shorts and felt for the first time, the shape of his long hard penis. It was throbbing gently as my hand moved up and down the nylon fabric, following the outline of his dick before - 

'Noah, your friends are here!'

We dropped our arms immediately. The voice of Noah's mother had come from below. Noah looked from me to the door and back again before I shook my head smiling.

'It's okay.'

Noah flashed me the smile that so frequently melted my heart, and I found that this time, my heart felt like it was leaving me. In an instant, elation was filling me, the likes of which I had never experienced before.

I kissed Noah Bennett.

I only had a few seconds to relish this fact however, as Noah left the room to greet his friends downstairs.