 This is a story that I started working on a while back, and I never really finished it. Recently, I rediscovered it and decided to revive it. Think of this as an experiment. I've never written any erotica before, so this is completely new territory for me and I could use some feedback. Be as harsh as you think this piece deserves. I can't improve if I don't know what needs to be improved on. 



It was four o' clock on a Thursday and I was nervous.

As I took off my work uniform and changed into my street clothes, my heart was pounding, and I waited for the sudden vibration of my phone to pull me out of the haze I'd gone through most of the day in. Even if I hadn't felt it vibrate, I'd still give it a cursory glance, checking to see if he'd texted back. Of course he hadn't. 

I jammed my work clothes into my backpack and came out of the bathroom stall, giving myself a quick glance in the mirror. Sure I looked good, well good for having just gotten off work. I doubted he'd care much anyways. 

I used the water to smooth down my hair a little, then I heard the telltale buzz and felt the vibration of my phone against my leg. I checked it quickly. The text was from him,

in front of the mall near the sears. see u soon ;)

My insides gave a nervous turn and I replied quickly.

Ok, Be there in 5. 

I took a deep breath and looked at myself in the mirror. God suddenly I looked so ugly. I wondered if he wouldn't be attracted to me. What if I couldn't turn him on? Then what? I'm fairly average looking for a 19 year old boy. Not particularly muscular and too thin. My hair long and constantly gets in my eyes, although girls always tell me it's cute. 

I'll make it clear right now. I'm not gay. I love women, and they seem to love me. I've had sex with a girl a few times and those times were amazing. But they've never completely satisfied me. I never thought much of it until a few months ago.

One of my friends, Terry, came out of the closet. It was kinda a big surprise since Terry was one of the last people I'd expect to be gay. He didn't look feminine and he sure as hell didn't act like it. On top of that, women love Terry. He's the kind of muscular, fit guy who should have played on the football team in High School, but never did. 

After he came out, I felt kind of nervous around Terry. But also I started thinking, was he attracted to me? Even if he was, would he want to fuck me? What would that be like anyways? Eventually, I asked him.

"Fuckin' hell no," he said to me, and laughed. We were sitting in his house at the time, passing a joint between us and the question had just slipped out. To be honest, his answer kinda surprised me. I'd been expecting him to say yes and then... well I don't really know what I'd expected after that. 

"Why? Are you secretly into guys Corey?" he asked playfully. 

"No man, just curious," I replied but I felt like I was lying to him. He was grinning like a Cheshire Cat by that point. 

"You sure? I think you're the kind of guy who'd like it up the ass,"

I honestly didn't know if he was joking or not. 

"I dunno," I replied absently, and immediately I regretted saying it. Terry nudged me playfully.

"Oh I bet you fuck yourself in the ass all the time," he said, "Do you use your fingers or a dildo? Come on, you can tell me!"

I shifted uncomfortably and kept quiet. Terry just laughed at me. 

"You're nervous, I get it." He said through giggles, "It's okay, you don't have to tell me if you don't want to. But hey, if you ever want to try the real thing, you know where to find me cutie."

The joke was over at that point. Terry didn't bring it up again, and neither did I. Our friendship resumed as normal. 

But for me, things were different. When I masturbated, I started thinking about guys, and these harmless fantasies became more and more vivid. I fantasized about being held down by an older man while he fucked me, or maybe a couple of guys, one of them fucking my ass while I sucked the second ones cock. My gay fantasies always made me cum faster, and harder. It was glorious. 

After a couple of months of this, I got the guts to go on a gay porn site. It was amazing. The first video I watched had two boys, only a few years older than myself, in the back of a bus. As I watched it, I felt my cock growing rock hard, and started to stroke myself off. The orgasm I had that night made me actually cry out. I've never had that happen before. 

Soon, I was fingering myself in the shower, just to see how it felt. I pretended that my finger was another man, and leaned against the wall as I stroked myself. That first time, I fell to my knees forcing myself not to scream in ecstasy. It was wonderful, and I needed more of it.

I needed a real man. 

A few weeks ago I signed up for a website called GayDate. Not a very original name but it got to the point. I put on my profile that I was curious, and added a nice picture of myself that I'd taken a few weeks earlier. I didn't think I'd actually get any replies but I did. Quite a few of them.

There were a lot of tantalizing offers. Some of them were barely older than me, some of them were older, out of shape 'bears'. There was one who specifically caught my eye though. 

His name was Vince. There was no given last name. Vince might have been his last name for all I knew. He was 40 and tall with rugged good looks and a toned physique. He was bald, no tattoos and no bullshit. He looked perfect to play out my fantasies with. 

I messaged him back, and for a few weeks we talked. He seemed nice, and I think we clicked. I wasn't in love with him or anything. We both made it clear we were both looking for the same thing. Sex. The most basic, carnal pleasures. 

After our few weeks were up, we set up our first date, and that date was today. 

As I went out into the parking lot, I recognized his car immediately. It was a red convertible, just like he'd described and I could see him sitting behind the wheel, wearing a black T-shirt and sunglasses. I rushed over towards him, waving as I did and he waved back. There was an anxious throb in my chest, and as I got closer, that throb intensified. 

He gave me a quick glance, I couldn't tell if he was nervous or excited or what. The sunglasses hid his eyes and made him seem mysterious and even more sensual. 

Then he smiled. He had a cute smile, and I felt my cock stiffening in my pants. 

"Hey." He said, and I could hear the nervousness in his voice. 

"Hey," I replied. "I'm Corey. It's nice to finally meet you."

"Likewise," he said, "I've been looking forward to meeting you."

I smiled and blushed. "Thanks, so have I. Meeting you, I mean."

He laughed as if I'd told the funniest joke in the world.

"Here, get in," he said and opened the passenger door for me. Obediently, I got in beside him.

As soon as I was seated, Vince leaned over and kissed me, right on the lips. At first I was startled, and a little bit embarrassed, but it felt good and I went along with it. As our lips parted, he smiled at me again.

"You've never done this before, have you?" he asked.

"No, never."

"I can tell. I can fix that."

As soon as he'd spoken, he pulled out of his space and moments later we were on the road. 

I could hear the beating of my own heart in my ears as we drove through suburban streets towards his house. We talked a little during the ride. Mostly small talk that I can hardly remember. All my responses were automatic, and my mind was consumed by the knowledge that soon I'd be alone with Vince. I'd have his cock inside of me, and that made me squirm in anticipation. 

By the time we pulled into his driveway, I was on the verge of exploding. He got out of the car and strutted up his walkway. I couldn't help but to admire him. His shirt was tight, and showed off his well toned body, leaving little to the imagination. His jeans were tight, hugging his ass perfectly and creating a perfect bulge near his groin. 

I got out of the car, and followed him to the door. My heart was racing now, the anticipation was at its climax. My cock strained against my pants, begging for attention. 

He let us both into his house, and locked the door behind us. 

Now we were alone. His body pressed against mine and pushed my back against the door as he kissed me. It was a soft, but passionate kiss that made me squirm with desire. 

"That's better," he said softly as I melted into his arms. His hand reached down to caress my throbbing cock through my jeans, and he graced me with another winning smile. 

He took my hand, and led me into his living room. It was like walking through a dream come true. 

We paused in the middle of the room, and my hand slipped from his. His strong hands caressed my cheek, and I saw an expecting look in his eyes. I knew what he wanted. 

I got down on my knees, my eyes never leaving his. This was the part. The need, the anxiety was too intense to hold back. 

I undid his pants, and saw to my delight that he was wearing nothing underneath. He helped me pull his jeans down from his waist, and set his bulging cock free. I guessed it was about eight inches long, the perfect length. 

I gently stroked him, savoring the feeling as his shaft twitched at my touch. I glanced up to meet his eyes as he looked down on me, enjoying the foreplay, and waiting for the pleasure. I wouldn't disappoint him. 

I took his cock in my mouth, sliding my lips down until I felt him touching the back of my throat.

He sighed, and ran his fingers through my hair, and slowly, but passionately, I sucked that beautiful cock of his. It felt big in my mouth, and I wanted to gag. But I wouldn't have traded the moment for anything in the world. I closed my eyes, savoring the feeling of him filling my mouth. My tongue danced around his head, tasting his salty precum. 

"Oh God..." he whispered, "Corey..."

I smiled, and ran my tongue down his shaft, and onto his balls before wrapping my hand around his cock and stroking him. 

He moaned again as I sucked on his balls, first the right one, then the left and worked my way back up to the head of his cock. 

"Oh Corey." He sighed as his hands seized clumps of my hair and forced me down further on his cock. I could feel it in my throat now, and he pulled back just a little before thrusting again. 

I couldn't breathe, but the feeling was amazing. I reached down my pants and started to stroke my hard cock. I already wanted to cum just from letting him fuck my face. 

I felt his cock starting to swell, and the anticipation for the big moment. I'd fantasized about this so many times before, and now to actually feel it? Truly divine. 

He cried out as he came, and my mouth was filled with his warm cum. I moaned in satisfaction as he pulled out. 

I opened my eyes to see his rapidly deflating cock in front of me, and Vince's kindly eyes staring down at me. I held my mouth open like one of those girls I'd seen in a porn movie. Vince just smiled, and ran a hand through my hair. 

I remained on my knees for a moment, jerking myself off to the feeling of having cum in my mouth. As I felt my own orgasm approaching, I moaned and swallowed it all. 

"My, my. Aren't you a little slut," Vince chuckled. His cock hung limp from his pants, and just looking at it I wanted to suck it again.

He took off his shirt, tossing it aside and stepped out of his pants. For the first time I saw him fully naked, and my cock started to grow hard again. 

I started to undress, pulling off my shirt and undoing my pants. Vince helped me to my feet and led me to his couch. We were both completely naked now, and I could see his cock hardening for round two. 

Together, we lay down on the couch. His arms wrapped around me, holding me close and I pressed against him. He was on top of me, and I could feel his hot breath on my neck, as well as his gentle kisses. I turned to kiss his lips, and he pulled me closer to him. My cock was rock hard again, and the feeling of it against his warm body just turned me on more. 

His cock wasn't fully hard yet and I reached down to stroke it. His eyes bored into mine and I felt him hardening to my touch.

"Oh that feels good," he whispered, running his hand along my body. Then suddenly he pulled away from me. He rolled me onto my stomach. He was hard enough now.

I arched my back, holding my ass in the air for him. God I wanted it so badly now. I needed it! 

I felt the head of his cock press against my asshole, and gasped as he slowly forced it in. His hand rested on my thigh and I felt him starting to thrust, pushing it deeper with every movement.

He grunted when it was all the way in, and started to fuck me, slowly and passionately. 

I grabbed at the leather of the couch as the initial pain of being taken hit me, but the pain soon gave way to pleasure as his thrusting became faster and more powerful.

I reached down to touch my cock but his hand was already there and he was stroking me. 

I moaned and whispered some gently encouragement before I got lost in the feeling.

His steady pounding made me want to scream in ecstasy, my toes curled as I felt myself growing closer to orgasm. 

Then he paused, and pulled his cock out. I started to say something, but before I could he'd rolled me on my back and was back on top of me. 

"Vince..." was all I managed to get out before I felt him entering me again. Anything else I wanted to say was lost when he kissed me.

The thrusting resumed, even harder this time. I could hear the slap as he pounded my young asshole. I wrapped my legs around him, holding him close and feeling like a whore. 

God I loved it.

The closeness of our bodies, as well as his manly grunts as he fucked me made everything even better. I moaned, and tightened my grip on him. God it just felt so fucking good!

Vince kissed me, on the neck, on the lips and wherever else his lips could find. His thrusts became more violent, and penetrated me deeper. He reared up, seizing my hips with his strong hands and holding me in place as he rammed his cock inside of me.

I was screaming now. Screaming from pleasure, screaming from pain and screaming his name. I came all over myself, my cock spurting cum all over my naked body. The orgasm was unlike anything I'd ever felt before and it made my body go limp. 

I felt Vince's cock swelling inside of me, and I knew he was close. His short, aggressive grunts became deep, heavy breaths and he gasped as he ejaculated inside of me.

His warm cum filled my little asshole, and slowly, his thrusts weakened before stopping all together. Spent, he pulled out and collapsed on top of me. We lay together like that for a few moments before he kissed me.

"So virgin boy," he crooned, stroking my hair as he spoke. "How was that?"

I cuddled up to him, and smiled.

"Perfect," I whispered. "When can we do it again?" 

"Soon enough," he whispered.