 It's been two months since I returned home to Chicago.

That first week, I would burst into tears at the drop of a hat. I cried myself to sleep every night. I wasn't crying as much these days, but I still thought of Butch often and it made me miserable.

Jen called me regularly to make sure I was okay. I know she's worried about me. If I didn't have her to talk to, I don't know what I would do.

Butch and I talked on the phone a few times, but it was awkward. I loved hearing his voice, but it really hurt being apart from him. It seemed like every time we talked, one of us would eventually end up getting upset or frustrated. It's been a couple of weeks since we last talked. It feels like we're drifting apart and that just makes it worse.

I haven't spoken to my dad since that morning we returned home. Mom would call to check on me once a week like usual, but it felt like she didn't really care about anything I had to say. It was just for appearances.

So here I was on a Thursday morning sitting on the couch eating a bowl of cereal. My dog, Rocky, laid down next to me with his chin on my thigh. I swear that he could tell that there was something wrong with me. He was much more calm around me than he normally was and he was always cuddling up on me.

Rocky is a three year old miniature schnauzer. He's all black with natural ears and a docked tail. He has a long beard and bushy eyebrows and is groomed in a typical schnauzer cut, complete with a skirt of hair around his belly. He's my little guy and I love him to death.

After I gave Rocky kisses on top of his head, I put him up in his crate and headed in to work. I've been having a rough time at work. I found that I was impatient with the employees and I wasn't paying attention to what I was doing or what people were saying. My mind was distracted and thinking of Butch.

At lunch, I headed out and walked a couple of blocks towards my favorite deli. I saw my Dad walking out of a fancy restaurant with a young blond bimbo. They were headed my way, presumably towards my Dad's office, which was in a high-rise a couple of blocks from where I worked. I thought for a second about turning and walking the other way, but instead I decided to keep going. Dad had his hand on her back and she was giggling and flipping her hair. He was so caught up in his tramp that he didn't even see me approaching.

"Dad," I said as I got right up to them and stopped.

"Philip," Dad said, looking a little flustered. "This is, uh, Mary. She and her husband are clients of mine. Mary, this is my son, Philip Junior."

Nice. Dad is a defense attorney and makes his living representing criminals with deep pockets. I'm sure his client would be happy to know that Dad's banging his wife while he sits in jail or whatever.

"It's nice to meet you, Philip Junior," she said with an embarrassed smile.

God, it's bad enough that I'm Philip Junior, but I absolutely hate it when people address me as 'Philip Junior' as if that's my name.

I tilted my head and regarded her. "Actually, we met about four months ago, didn't we? You and Dad outside the hotel over there?"

"No, I don't think so," she said. "That wasn't me."

"Oh, right. Who can keep track? Anyway, it was good seeing you. Bye, Dad."

Dad shot me a look that spoke volumes. An evil little grin spread across my face as I resumed walking. I'm sure I would suffer for it later, but it felt really good to see Dad so pissed off. It got my mind off Butch for a little bit at least.

Butch.

I hadn't been back at work long when I got a call on the help desk line from one of the executive vice presidents who was having trouble printing. I made my way to his office. I sat down at his desk and I realized that his problem was the same problem that Butch had. Then to compound the fact, he wasn't connected to the network so I couldn't open his mapped P drive to get the drivers. Crap. That wasn't the problem. He wasn't connected to the network. Wait a minute. Shit. What was I doing?

The man was hovering over my shoulder, pointing at the screen. "None of those work."

I started to get flustered and annoyed.

"I got it," I snapped. "Just give me some room."

He straightened up his posture stiffened.

I started to backtrack. "I'm really sorry. I didn't mean to--"

"Yeahhh.... Why don't we get someone else to look at this."

I opened my mouth to speak and then my eyes started to tear up. I got up from his desk and hurried out of his office. I stopped in the restroom and splashed my face with water and blew my nose. By the time I got back to my cubicle, my boss Jonas was already there waiting for me. I let out a deep breath and followed him into his office and he shut the door behind me.

"Look, PJ," Jonas said. "Ever since you came back from your grandmother's funeral, you haven't been yourself. You're making mistakes and your work is suffering. You're a good employee. One of my best. But if something doesn't change... Look. Why don't you take a week off? Get yourself together. Go talk to someone if you need to."

I stared at him blankly, trying to process what he was saying.

"I'm not asking," he said. "I'm telling. Go home. I'll see you Monday after next."

I stood up and nodded. "Yes, sir," I said quietly.

I walked to the door and stopped and turned around. I knew what I needed to do.

"Can I have two weeks, Jonas? I have a lot of vacation saved up... and, uh..."

"Fine. But when you come back, I expect a complete turnaround. I've convinced them to give you this one chance, PJ. Don't let make me regret it. Understand?"

"Yes, sir. Thank you."

I walked back to my cubicle and shut down my computer and turned off the cube lights. I pulled my Blackberry out of my pocket and turned it off and left it on my desk.

***

On my way home, I made a quick stop at the AT&T store and bought a new iPhone. The process took a little longer than I would have liked, but I was glad to be rid of my work phone, for a couple of weeks anyway.

When I got home, I let Rocky out of his crate. He jumped up on my legs and I bent down and scratched on his head and under his beard, then took him downstairs to go potty.

After Rocky finished his business in the courtyard, I went up to my bedroom and pulled my work clothes off and put on a pair of jeans and a t-shirt. I pulled my boots from the closet and pulled them on.

Rocky jumped onto my bed and laid down, his legs pointed backwards and his chin resting on his front legs. He watched me as I pulled my two suitcases from the closet. I packed a couple weeks worth of clothes into the suitcases. I grabbed my backpack with my laptop. I poured Rocky's food into a big plastic container and filled a two liter bottle with water from the fridge.

I put everything into the back of my navy blue Saturn Vue hybrid SUV. I folded up Rocky's kennel crate and put that in the back as well.

I opened the SUV's back driver's door and Rocky bounced up into the back seat. I laid out his blanket for him and gave him his squeaky stuffed bunny.

"Here's your baby, Rock," I said.

He took the bunny in his mouth and proceeded to squeak it over and over in rapid fire succession.

"If you're gonna do that the whole trip, I'm gonna throw it out the window," I told him with a chuckle and I tickled him under his beard.

I pulled the camouflage cap Butch gave me onto my head and before long, we were headed south on I-65.

When we got to Nashville, I stopped at a Subway and got a sandwich and Coke to go. I checked into a motel that allowed pets and Rocky and I settled in for the night. I put out a bowl of food and water for Rocky and I ate my sub while sitting on the bed watching TV.

After we finished eating our dinner, I took Rocky outside to potty.

I turned off the TV and the lights and got into bed. Rocky jumped up onto the bed and curled up into a ball next to me.

As I laid in the strange bed listening to the hum of the window unit's fan, I hoped that I wasn't making a mistake. I have never ever done anything this impulsive in my life.

I had two weeks. I had to see him. I had to know. Was it the real thing?

***

When I pulled into town, I drove right to Roberts Farm Supply. I sat in the car for a really long time trying to calm my nerves. I looked into the back seat at my pup.

"This is it, Rock. Come on."

I put Rocky on his retractable leash and took him to a grassy area to go potty. Rocky stuck right by my side, sniffing around on the ground as we went inside.

"Be a good boy," I whispered to Rocky.

I saw Butch's sales clerk, Chris, behind the counter. Chris was a young guy in his early twenties, a chubby guy with dark hair. He was talking to an attractive, young, red-haired woman, who was visibly pregnant. Chris's face was beaming as he talked to her and she actually had that glow that people said pregnant women have.

I walked up to the counter and held out my fist above Rocky's head and he looked up and sat down.

"Hi, Chris," I said.

A grin spread across Chris's face and he said, "Hey, PJ! This is a surprise. Welcome back. This is my wife, Tish."

"Nice to meet you," I said and shook her hand.

"It's nice to finally meet you," she said as she rested her hand on her belly.

"Does Butch know you're here?" Chris asked me.

"No..."

"Why don't you go wait in the office?" Chris offered. "I'll call Butch in. He's wandering around here somewhere."

I looked down at Rocky. "Oh, I'd better wait out back."

Chris looked down over the counter at Rocky and smiled.

"Aw, he's so cute," Tish said.

"Thanks," I replied.

I led Rocky out back and when he saw Duke in the fenced in area behind the greenhouse, he pulled hard on the leash to get to him. I hurried up to the fence and let Duke and Rocky sniff each other. I wasn't sure if I should open the fence and let them play.

"How can I help you?" his deep voice asked from behind me.

I stood up straight and turned around. My stomach started doing flips and my heart was racing at the sight of him.

Butch was wearing a green shirt with the Roberts Farm Supply logo on it, blue jeans and black boots and his black cowboy hat. Oh my god, he was so handsome. I looked into his blue eyes and let out a soft sigh.

Butch's jaw dropped open. "PJ?"

"Hey, Butch."

Butch quickly closed the distance between us and pulled me into a bear hug. He lifted me off the ground and squeezed the wind out of me. He grabbed my face and kissed me. I brought my hands up to his face and rubbed his beard and returned his kiss.

"I missed you so much," I whispered.

"I missed you, too," he said, then hugged me again.

I started to cry and he held me tight to his chest and let me bawl. I could feel his lips and nose in my hair and I gripped his back harder. It felt so good to be in his arms. He was so big and so tall. He smelled so good. For the first time in two months, I felt at peace.

I pulled myself together and stepped back and smiled at him and wiped my face with my hands. He looked down at my feet and saw Rocky sitting calmly next to me.

"Is this Rocky?" he asked.

"Yup. That's my baby," I chuckled.

Butch squatted down and let Rocky sniff him and then he pet him and scratched his ears. When he scratched under Rocky's collar, Rocky leaned his head into his hands and nearly tipped over. Butch chuckled and asked him excitedly, "You wanna meet Duke? Huh, boy?"

Butch opened the gate and unclipped the leash from Rocky's collar. Rocky ran inside and he and Duke sniffed each other thoroughly and then proceeded to chase each other. They jumped all over each other and rolled around in the grass, then chased each other some more.

"What are you doing here?" Butch asked me as we watched the dogs play.

"My boss told me to take two weeks off work. I was..."

I sighed and shook my head with a shrug of my shoulders. "I packed up Rocky and drove down here."

Chris's voice came over the loudspeaker to let Butch know that he had a customer waiting up front. Butch mumbled under his breath, then pulled his keys out of his pocket and took one off the key ring and held it out to me.

"Here's my house key. Go home and get yourself settled and cleaned up. Take a nap. I'll be home in a couple hours, okay? Then we can talk."

"Okay," I said with a nod.

"You can leave Rocky here with Duke. I'll bring 'em both home with me."

"Okay."

"I'm so glad you're here," he said and gave me another hug.

"Me, too, Butch."

I said goodbye and then drove to his house. I wasn't sure where I would be staying, so I left my suitcases in the SUV and brought in my overnight bag.

Once inside, I went to the bathroom and took a nice warm shower. I pulled out a clean t-shirt from my overnight bag and put on my pajama bottoms. I went to the living room and laid down on the couch. I pulled the fleece throw over me and I was instantly asleep.

I was startled awake when something cold touched my nose. I opened my eyes to see Rocky sniffing my face. His cold wet nose touched my face again and I smiled at him and rubbed his head and back. "Hi, sweetie," I whispered.

I looked up to see Butch standing in the doorway watching me with a smile on his face.

"You were sleeping so hard," he said. "You looked like an angel."

I blushed in embarrassment. "Whatever..."

Butch chuckled.

Duke ran up to Butch and let out a quiet whine. Butch looked down at him and asked, "You gotta go outside, Duke?"

Duke ran out of the room to the back door.

"Rocky. C'mon, boy," Butch called as he followed Duke.

Rocky ran out of the room and followed Butch. I sat up and stretched my arms.

I heard the back door open and then Butch told Duke, "Show your little brother where to go potty."

I giggled softly to myself. 'Little brother'. Cute. When Butch came back in the living room, he sat down on the couch with me and set his hat on the coffee table. He put his arm around me and I laid my head on his shoulder.

"You have a good nap?" he asked.

"Yeah. I needed that."

"So, tell me what's going on," he said.

I told him how I had been having a rough time at home and at work and my boss told me to take two weeks off to get myself together.

I looked at him nervously. "And I thought... maybe I should come see you... I guess I should have called first... I don't know what I was thinking, just coming down here...."

"Shh. It's okay. So... You're gonna stay with me... For two weeks?"

"Here... Or at grandma's, or the motel... I guess."

Butch's expression changed to a look of hurt. "You don't want to stay here, in my home?" he asked.

"I didn't want to presume that, you know, you'd want me to be here, in your house."

"Are you kidding? I wouldn't let you go anywhere else," he said before chuckling and adding, "I guess that means I got two weeks to convince you to stay with me permanently."

"I... I wasn't sure if you meant it," I whispered.

My eyes filled with tears and I closed them and sighed softly.

"Meant what?" he asked.

"When you asked me not to go. When you asked me to stay with you."

"PJ? Look at me."

I looked up at him as he grabbed me and pulled me onto his lap so that I was straddling him. We were now eye to eye.

"What are you saying?" he asked. "Are you thinking you might wanna move here?" he asked. "To be with me?" he added quietly as his eyes glistened with unshed tears.

I nodded. "Yes. I think so.... But I... I'm scared, Butch."

I laid my head on his shoulder and let the tears fall as Butch wrapped his arms around my trembling body, one hand on the back of my head and the other around my waist. I could feel him shaking and his breathing was ragged. I heard him sniffle and I knew he was crying too.

We held each other for a few minutes and I suddenly became aware that Butch was no longer crying. His breathing was a little raspy and his hands were slowly moving around my body. I felt his cock hardening in his pants, pushing into me. I kissed his shoulder and then nuzzled my nose and lips into his neck and beard.

"I love you, Butch," I whispered into his ear. "I missed you so much."

Butch leaned his head back and stared deep into my eyes.

"It's you, PJ, for the rest of my life. I love you, baby."

"Make me yours, Butch."

"You already are, PJ."

Butch wrapped his arms around me and stood up. I dropped to my feet and he grabbed my hand and led me to the stairs. A bark from outside had him cursing under his breath. He walked to the back door and opened it and Duke and Rocky came running in.

Butch grabbed my hand and dragged me up the stairs to his bedroom. He shut the door behind us and turned on the lamp on the nightstand.

He was kissing me hard as he pulled his clothes off. He pulled my shirt off and pushed me back towards the bed. I stepped on a hand towel and it crunched under my feet. I looked down and picked it up. It was crusty with dried semen, but still a little damp, obviously well used, and more than once.

Butch groaned and blushed in embarrassment and grabbed it out of my hand and tossed it into a laundry basket.

"I, uh... couldn't stop thinking about you," he said.

I smiled at him, feeling a strange sense of joy that he had thought about me while pleasuring himself, and said, "You've got the real thing here now."

I knelt in front of him and pulled his boxer shorts down. His gorgeous cock sprung up in front of my face and I ran my tongue along the shaft. I wrapped both of my hands around it and still had a couple inches left over. I slowly but firmly moved my hands up and down. I took hold of the base and brought it down to my mouth. I slurped up and down the length of it, then taking him into my mouth and sucking him nice and slow. I massaged his large balls with my left hand as I worked him with my right.

"Fuck... That's good, baby... I missed your mouth..."

I looked up at Butch and moaned around his cock. My mouth and hand moved faster on him and I felt him trembling and his knees buckled. He wasn't going to last long. I felt his nuts pull up and his dick swelled.

"Baby, I can't hold it back anymore. You're gonna make me shoot."

With groan and a loud series of grunts, Butch grabbed my head and thrust his hips forward as he came hard. He shot a huge load into my mouth and I greedily swallowed every drop.

Butch pulled me to my feet and pushed me onto the bed. He pulled my pajama pants off and my hard dick snapped up against my belly. With a noise that sounded like a growl, Butch took me into his mouth and easily swallowed me to the root. I was so turned on and it felt so good, that I couldn't hold back. I moaned wantonly and called out his name as my climax hit me, sending my seed into his hot mouth.

I pushed myself back onto the bed properly and Butch crawled in and pulled the sheet over us. I laid my head down on his furry chest and put my arm around him. His arm moved around me and he kissed the top of my head. We laid there together peacefully for a while when Butch's stomach growled loudly. I started to giggle and I rubbed my hand over his furry belly.

"I guess we should get up and get you dinner," I said.

"I don't want to go out or cook. Let's just order a pizza."

"That sounds good."

Butch gave me a kiss and then pushed himself out of the bed and pulled on his boxer shorts and his tank undershirt. I pulled on my pajama bottoms and t-shirt. We headed downstairs to the living room. I stopped in my tracks when I looked in the corner of the room. Duke was laying on his big doggy bed, surrounding Rocky, who was on the bed with him, curled up in a little ball. Rocky opened his eyes and lifted his head up at me. He blinked at me and then put his head back down. It was the cutest thing I had ever seen.

"That is so sweet," I said.

"Looks like Rocky likes his new brother."

Butch kissed my temple, then grabbed the phone to order the pizza.
