 I left work early Friday afternoon to drive to my cousin's home in the country for the weekend. He and his wife had offered their place to me while they were out of town on vacation.

I've never been to their place before, so they e-mailed me directions, but I was now beginning to question their accuracy since I seemed to have been driving down the same back road for quite some time. I wondered if I had missed a turnoff somewhere and was getting myself lost.

The light was starting to fade and I knew it'd be harder trying to find their house in the pitch black of the country night, so I pulled over to the side of the road to consult a map. It didn't help much. I got out of the car to stretch and was immediately struck by the peacefulness of the surrounding woods. There was a faint breeze rustling the branches overhead, and I noticed the faint sounds of birds and crickets in the stillness of the coming night. I felt rather glad to be out of the city.

I turned to look up the road when I heard a car approaching from the other direction. As it got closer, I saw that it was a police car. It slowed as it passed by me, then made a u-turn in the middle of the road and pulled over to the shoulder, stopping a few feet behind my car. The door opened and the cop stepped out, slamming the car door behind him. He hitched his belt and began to walk slowly towards me. He was wearing a tight, beige-colored uniform that clung nicely to his hulky, muscular frame and a pair of dark, mirrored glasses that hid his eyes. His thinning, red hair was closely cropped to his round head - in sharp contrast to the full, dark red handlebar moustache perched above his thin, pale lips. I nodded as he approached, but he didn't respond. He walked right up to me and I became completely awestruck by his tall, imposing physique.

"Any trouble?" he asked in a deep voice, jerking his thumb at my car.

"No, no trouble, but I'm afraid I may be lost," I replied with a short, self-deprecating laugh.

A slight smile tugged at his mouth. He shifted his weight and hooked his thumbs into his belt. "Anything I can do?" he asked with a tilt of his head. 

I caught a glimpse of myself in his dark lenses. "Yeah, sure, I could really use your help," I said, returning to the issue at hand. "I have a map in the car and some directions. Maybe you can help me make sense of them." I turned around and opened my car door, leaned in and grabbed the map and directions, then turned back to him. He was standing completely still, watching me intently. I walked around to the back of my car and spread the map open on the trunk. He walked slowly around behind me, then sidled up close, his right hand resting on the handle of his gun. 

"I'm going to Crystal Lake, but I'm afraid I might've missed my turnoff point." I said as I traced my finger along the map.

The officer removed his glasses and leaned forward a little, squinting at the map. "Where's your turnoff point?" He glanced at me and I was momentarily locked in the gaze of his bright green eyes.

"Um ... Ridgewood. Is that anywhere near here? Or did I pass it?"

His mouth stretched into a full grin. "No, you didn't pass it. It's actually just up the road a couple of miles. We're not too far from it."

"Well, that's a comfort," I laughed. "I was beginning to doubt my sense of direction."

He continued to smile at me. There was a brief pause where we just looked at each other, smiling. I averted my gaze when I realized I started getting hard -- my general response when looking at such a hot guy. I turned back to the map to look it over. "Where you headed on Ridgewood?" he asked, noticeably more relaxed.

"Here," I said as I handed him the directions. "You probably know better than I do." 

I watched him as he took the piece of paper from me and read it. I noticed that his fingers and hands were thick and there was a light dusting of freckles and blond hair on his round forearms. "You're pretty close," he said. "Not much further to go, actually. Maybe only ten more miles." 

A breeze caught a corner of the map and lifted it off the trunk of my car. We both reacted, he a little faster than I, and held the map down. We were closer together now, forearms touching, and with the breeze, I tasted his clean scent of soap and warm fabric. I felt an electric current course through my body, lingering in my groin.

"Thanks," I laughed and took the map, trying to fold it back up. At this point, my dick was straining against the confines of my pants. He looked up and down the road for a moment, shifted his weight and crossed his arms over his barrel chest. I looked at the nameplate on his shirt above his badge: Harley.

"You're not from around here," he said as he handed the directions back to me.

"No," I replied. "Just up for the weekend." I tried to nonchalantly adjust myself, since my arousal was causing me some discomfort.

"Nice to have you," he grinned widely, then reached down and overtly adjusted his own package. I glanced down at his crotch and noticed an ample bulge in his pants. I looked back at him. Again, we stood there for a moment, looking straight into each other's eyes. He laughed, taking a step backward and looking away, cheeks slightly flushed. He continued to smile, avoiding my gaze by looking up and down the road. Then he looked back at me and, after a moment, reached out and touched my arm. He rubbed it for a second before withdrawing his hand. He smiled again and looked away.

"You wanna go grab a beer or something?" I asked. I was excited by the fact there was an obvious physical connection between us.

"Can't. On duty," he replied as he looked down at the ground and dug the tip of his boot into the dirt at the side of the road. I stuffed the map and paper into my back pocket, searching for some kind of opening. When I stepped towards him to touch his arm, he looked up at me and impulsively reached out to me. He searched my eyes for a second, then leaned in and kissed me on the lips. He retreated, gauging my reaction. I stared at him for a second and then raised my lips to his. His mouth opened against mine and he slid his warm, wet tongue into our kiss. He pulled me closer and I felt his hard cock press against mine. He broke our kiss and glanced up and down the road. He released me and walked back to the passenger side of his car, taking the gun out of his holster and placing it inside his car. He fumbled around for a second, securing the gun I guessed, then walked back to me and motioned for me to follow. We walked down the slight incline at the side of the road and into the forest of trees. When we were several yards from the road, he stopped by a large tree, and pressed me up against it with an aggressive kiss. He rubbed his crotch against mine as he untucked my shirt, then slipped his hand into my pants. He found my cock immediately and gave it a squeeze. 

I grabbed his thick, round arms as he started to roughly jack my dick. His muscles were working under my fingers, flexing as he stroked me. He pulled away and unzipped my pants, yanked them down to my thighs, and knelt in front of me, rubbing my dick through my briefs. He looked up at me and smiled as he peeled me out of my shorts. His fingers wrapped around the base of my shaft and squeezed it, forcing the slit of my head to open and pre-cum to ooze out. "Ah, yeah," he growled and licked it. He then took me into his mouth and started furiously sucking my cock.

I leaned my head against the tree and looked at the darkening sky between the branches overhead. Harley's hot, wet mouth engulfed my cock as he squeezed the base of it. He was cupping my balls with his other hand, gently tugging at them, plunging me into a state of arousal that I had never experienced before. My senses were heightened by pleasure and I became aware of everything at once -- the cool twilight air, the hard bark against my back, the sound of rustling leaves overhead mixed with the slurping sound of my lathered cock slipping in and out of Harley's mouth. 

I ran my hands over the top of his bobbing head, the short hairs tickling my palms. My dick plopped out of his mouth as he adjusted his hold on me. With his left hand, he cupped my balls and lifted them so he could wrap his thumb and forefinger around the base of my shaft. "You have a really nice dick," he said between ragged breaths, his eyelids droopy with pleasure. He then started sucking the head of my dick, simultaneously tugging at the base, while he unzipped his pants and pulled his own cock out of his jockstrap with his other hand. His cock was thick and pink, protruding from a nesting of bright orange pubic hair. He began to pump his dick, which was mesmerizing to watch because of his length and girth. I stared as his hand stroked the full length of it, making the veins bulge with pressure.

I felt my orgasm building inside me, but he held it back by tightly squeezing the base of my shaft and the underside of my balls. He stopped suddenly and stood up, wiping the saliva from around his mouth and pulled me into a forceful kiss. At the same time, he brusquely pushed his pants and jock down his meaty thighs. "I gotta have that dick in me," he said after he broke our kiss.

I was completely taken aback, but managed to smile and nod. He turned around and leaned forward onto a large tree with outstretched arms. I moved up behind him and grabbed his pale, furry cheeks, spreading them apart and aiming my dick at his hole.

"Yeah, open me up for your cock," he said in his deep, sexy voice. I spit into my hand and rubbed the saliva along his hole, tracing the ring with my finger. He spat into his own hand and reached around to moisten my dick. I pressed my cockhead against his hole, causing him to gulp in anticipation. He braced himself against the tree and arched his back, opening his ass to me. I continued to firmly press against him until his hole expanded and I slid inside. He groaned aloud when I penetrated him and aggressively pushed back onto my dick. His hole was nice and warm and eagerly welcomed me. I grabbed his hips and pressed into him until I completely filled his ass with my hard cock. We both were panting heavily.

"Oh, yeah, that feels so good," he said, as I began to pull out slowly. A car passed by on the road several yards away, but he barely took notice of it. I pushed back in. He moaned deeply. 

In the fading light, I continued to fuck his ass slowly. "That's it," he groaned. "Oh, shit, yeah, that feels so good." After a few minutes, I picked up my rhythm slightly, which got him going even more. "Come on," he urged. "Fuck me hard! I need it!" 

I complied by driving deeper into him, slamming my hips against his round cheeks. "Yeah, that feels so fucking good!" he grunted. "Fuck my butthole! Yeah, come on, fuck me!"

"You like that?" I prompted, my balls slapping his. 

"Oh, yeah, I like it! I like it a lot! Fuck, yeah!" He started jerking his cock and pushing back onto my dick. "Oh, shit, yeah! Yeah, come on! Fuck me!" he cajoled. "Fuck me hard!"

I spread my legs apart to keep my balance as I heartily plowed his obliging ass. He was moaning with abandon now, furiously jerking his cock and glancing back at me every now and then as I pounded him from behind.

"Aw, yeah, this feels so fucking incredible," he said with a big grin. "Fuck, yeah!"

At this point, I knew I wasn't going to last much longer. His hot hole and obvious enjoyment was making my dick and balls swell. "I'm getting close," I told him.

He looked over his shoulder at me. "I am, too. You're gonna fuck the cum right out of me." I slowed down my pace a little bit, wanting to prolong the encounter as long as I could, but after a short period of time, I felt my orgasm mounting and started to pummel his ass with everything I had in me. "Oh, fuck!" he boomed. "I'm gonna cum! You're gonna make me cum!" I cried out in pleasure as my balls tightened up. "Come on!" he coaxed. "Blow your load in me! Aw, yeah, I'm cumming!"

I started to tremble and pushed my dick into him as far as it would go. His hole tightened around my cock and his entire body jerked with the force of his orgasm, just as I shot my first load deep into his ass. His first blast of cum hit the tree in front of him and his second and third ones spattered on the trunk's base. My dick convulsed with each shot of semen that spurted out of me, causing me to match his cries of pleasure. Harley's ass flexed and pulled repeatedly, milking all the juice out of me.

Our orgasms eventually subsided, but we remained as we were, my dick buried deep inside him. Our labored breathing eventually returned to normal. As my dick began to soften, I slowly pulled out.

He quickly turned to me and covered my mouth with his, kissing me passionately.

"Thank you," he said as we zipped up our pants. "I really needed that."

"My pleasure," I replied. 

We languidly made our way back to our cars in silence. I watched him as he walked ahead of me and felt a wave of disappointment wash over me. I had never had such a fulfilling sexual experience like that before and I was sorry it was over with.

He turned around when he reached the shoulder of the road. "Give me those directions and I'll lead you to where you're going," he said with an outstretched hand. "It'll probably be harder to find in the dark." I was again taken aback by how striking he was. Tall, with a thick, muscular build and beautiful, bright green eyes; his crisp uniform neatly pressed, but spotted with sweat under his arms and in the middle of his back. I reached into my back pocket to retrieve the directions and handed them over to him. I realized the map must have fallen out of my pocket back in the woods. I stood for a moment, taking in the sight of him. A few minutes ago, I was fucking this guy, I thought to myself. I almost couldn't believe it. He looked back at me, smiling. I walked over to my car, got in and glanced in my rearview mirror. He flipped his headlights on, signaled, then pulled out onto the road. As he slowly coasted past me, he smiled and winked. I pulled onto the road after he had passed me and followed him all the way to my cousin's house. 

He pulled over in front of the house as I parked in the driveway. He got out of his police car and handed the directions back to me.

"Thanks," I said. "I really appreciate it."

"Nice place," he said as he gestured to the house.

"Yeah. Looks like a good place to hole up in for the weekend." He nodded. We both hesitated, unsure of what to say. "Feel free to stop by, now that you know where it is."

"I might just do that," he replied, breaking into a wide grin. He walked back to his car, held his hand up to say good-bye, got in and drove off. I looked after him until his car was no longer in sight.

-------------------

Copyright 2008.