 I spent the early part of Saturday hiking through the woods near my cousin's property, before heading back to the house for lunch and a short afternoon nap. Officer Harley occupied my thoughts throughout the day. Our encounter in the woods had left me restless, and the memory of it kept me in a constant state of arousal. 

I cooked dinner when evening fell, then reclined on the couch to watch an old movie on television. I figured afterwards I'd sit in the Jacuzzi tub for a while before heading off to bed. When the movie ended, I got up from the sofa and changed into my swim trunks. The Jacuzzi was in a solarium at the back of the house and I went in to remove the cover and turn on the jets. I headed back to the kitchen to grab a glass of water when I heard a knock at the front door. My heart started pounding as I quickly threw on a t-shirt and went to open it. Harley was standing there on the porch. 

"Hey," he said with a smile. He was dressed snugly in jeans, boots, jacket and a black t-shirt. He stepped forward and leaned his shoulder against the doorframe. One hand was stuffed deep in his jeans pocket and the other was hefting a six-pack of beer. 

"I hope I'm not intruding," he remarked.

"No, not at all," I answered quickly. "Come in." I stepped aside, holding the door wide open for him.

He casually strode inside. "This is a really nice place," he said, looking around. "Are you up here by yourself?"

"Yeah. This is my cousin's place. He and his wife are away on vacation." There was an awkward pause for a moment while we stood in the foyer. He was surveying the surroundings, taking everything in, but I couldn't take my eyes off of him. His form-fitting shirt and jeans were stretched across his massive frame, revealing his truly impressive physique. He kept his hand in his pocket and seemed to be avoiding my gaze. There was something more reserved about his demeanor. 

"Here, let me take that." I said, gesturing towards the beer.

"Oh, sure," he said as he handed it to me. 

"Do you want one?" I asked, pulling a can from the ring. It was ice cold.

"Sure, yeah." He nodded and took the can I offered. He popped it open and quickly took a sip.

I took one for myself and gestured for him to follow me into the house. "Make yourself at home." I opened the fridge and placed the beer inside. 

He stepped into the living room and looked around, clutching his beer can. I joined him and we stood in silence for a moment taking swallows of beer. My dick was starting to stiffen just from being near him. "Did you work today?" I ventured.

"Just got off," he replied with a nod.

I smiled. He seemed a little shy, which was not only in contrast to his behavior yesterday, but also didn't fit with his hulky stature. His bright green eyes were focused on the painting above the fireplace and he was chewing at his lower lip. "I was just about to get into the hot tub. You're welcome to join me if you'd like."

He turned to me and held my gaze for a moment. Then he grinned. "I didn't bring a suit or anything."

"That's not a problem," I replied as I took a sip of beer.

"Okay," he shrugged with feigned indifference and took off his jacket. I led him to the solarium, set my beer down on the tile and peeled off my shirt. I stepped down into the bubbling water and moved to the opposite side of the tub where I could watch him undress. He set his beer down next to mine and then looked at me. I steadily returned his gaze. 

"Come on," I urged. "Water's hot." 

He smiled, then quickly lifted his t-shirt over his head and tossed it onto a chair. His chest was round and meaty, with an ample covering of curly, blondish-red hair. The skin on his torso was slightly paler than that of his neck and arms and looked sexy as hell. He took a seat and pulled off his boots, setting them down next to him, then peeled off his socks. He stood back up and started unbuttoning his jeans with a coy smile. He slid them down his thick thighs, stepped out of them and threw them on the chair. He reached for his beer and took a couple gulps as he stood at the edge of the tub. His thick cock was tenting his underwear and between swallows he reached down to adjust himself. He set his beer down again and hooked his thumbs into the waistband of his briefs. He paused for a second, looking straight at me, then slipped out of his underwear. His cock was fully hard and stood out from beneath his round, furry belly. He slowly stepped down into the hot tub, then sank with a sigh into the steaming water until it covered him to just below his chest.

I got up and leaned towards him, reaching over his shoulder for the beer. Water trickled off my arm and onto his neck and chest. His hand immediately slipped up my leg to my waist and lingered there. I handed his beer can to him, then leaned over again to grab my own. I stood up directly in front of him and took a swig of beer, my trunks soaking wet and clinging to my hips, outlining my erect dick. He took a long sip, then tossed his beer aside and stood up quickly, upsetting the water all around us. He grabbed my beer, dropping it into the tub and drew me into a rough kiss. I grabbed his meaty ass and pulled his naked hips into mine. He rubbed himself forcibly against me, then reached down to tear off my swim trunks. He pulled them off me and tossed them aside, then picked me up and sat me on the edge of the tub. He bent his head down and immediately took me into his mouth. I sighed with pleasure as he engulfed me completely. I spread my legs for him as he began to fervently bob up and down on my cock.

My hands roamed over his closely-cropped head, down to his broad, muscular shoulders and thick, bulging arms. He massaged my thighs with his large hands as he insistently sucked my throbbing cock.

He pulled off me for a moment and wrapped his hand around my dick, jacking me slowly. He looked up at me with a smile, beads of sweat gathering on his forehead. "You are so fuckin' hot," he said, then licked the underside of my shaft. My whole body trembled.

He took me into his mouth again, sliding down on my dick until his moustache and nose were pressed against my pubic hair. He grunted, then worked my dick in and out of his mouth for a time. I struggled to control my breathing. The air was filled with steam and the loud whir of the tub jets lulled me into a completely relaxed, receptive state.

He continued to suck my cock for a while, then stood up, pushing me on to my back and hooking his hands under my knees. He pressed my thighs against my chest, exposing my backside to him. He leaned down, wrapped his lips around the head of my dick and started teasing me with his tongue. He moved to my balls and gently licked them before sliding farther down to my perineum. The flicker of his tongue caused my hips to buck. He paused for a second, then licked my wet hole with his warm tongue.

"Aw, fuck!" I called out. He pressed his mouth between my cheeks and started tracing the ring of my hole with his tongue. I grabbed the underside of my thighs and spread my legs apart. 

"That's right," he goaded. "Open yourself up to me." He resumed tonguing my hole while looking directly at me. I watched for a while as he licked my ass and simultaneously pumped his own cock.

I closed my eyes and rested my head on the cool tile beneath me. Moans were escaping from deep within me and the sounds of them seemed to encourage his fervent tongue bath. His saliva lathered my hole as his moustache tickled the flesh above it.

He stood up and ran his hand along my ass, lingering over my hole to massage it with his thumb. I opened my eyes and sighed. He watched me as I recovered from the intense pleasure he was giving me, stroking his long, thick dick. 

He stepped forward and placed the tip of his dick against my hole, then leaned down to kiss me. I opened my mouth to receive his tongue as I reached around and spread my ass to receive his cock. Slowly, he parted me and began to ease himself in. I gasped aloud as his fat cock entered my ass, stretching me wide to welcome him in. I squirmed breathlessly as he continued to slowly slide into me, pausing briefly to allow me time to adjust to the initial discomfort. I wrapped my legs around him, dug the heels of my feet into his round ass and pulled him deeper in. His thick cock continued its gradual progression as I reached up and pulled his head down to me. I kissed him hungrily. Soon, his cock was buried inside me to the hilt.

"How you doing?" he whispered, his face just centimeters from mine, the bass of his low voice sending tremors throughout my body.

"I'm great!" I laughed. "And you?"

"I'm in fuckin' heaven!" he replied enthusiastically. He kissed me lightly on the lips then looked into my eyes. "Now what should we do?"

I smiled, already versed in his erotic talk. "Well, seeing as how your dick is in my ass, I think you should fuck me."

With that, he started to ease his cock out of me, then when just his head remained inside, he pressed the length of it back in. Again, he paused.

"Do you like that?" he teased.

"Fuck, yeah," I replied.

He straightened up and lifted my legs to rest on his shoulders. He kissed my knees and then began pistoning his cock inside of me.

"Oh, yeah," I groaned. "Fuck me with your big dick." 

He picked up his pace and started to moan himself. "Oh, god, you have a fuckin' hot ass," he said as his breathing became more shallow. The thrust of his hips was sending waves of water over the side of the tub, spilling onto the tile around me. Steam was fogging the windows surrounding us. 

His heavy balls were slapping against my ass as his wet cock drove into me. He reached out and took a hold of my dick, but I grabbed him by the wrist. "Whoa, there," I said, "Don't do that. I'm about to blow any second."

He smiled and began to fuck my ass with abandon. The feel of his fat cock sliding in and out of me was causing my dick to twitch. My ass burned. "Oh, yeah, fuck me!" I encouraged. "Fuck my ass with that big dick of yours!"

"Oh, yeah!" he cried out. "Oh, fuck!"

"Fuck me!" I told him emphatically. "Oh, fuck, your dick feels so good in my ass!" The cans of beer he had dropped into the water were banging around the bottom of the tub as he plowed my hole. My entire body was rocking back and forth as I gripped the side of the tub. His hands were holding my legs, pulling me into him while he fucked me deeply. I started to jack my dick and just when I was about to climax, I stopped. There was an agonizing moment where my orgasm was suspended, and the force of his fucking sent me over the edge. 

My cock started to convulse and my muscles tightened, then I let loose a volley of cum. My first shot flew past my shoulder. Harley saw this and exclaimed. I resumed jacking my dick as ropes of cum spewed out of me. "That's so fucking hot!" he growled, continuing to pound his dick inside me. Near the tail end of my orgasm, his body began to jerk and cum erupted from his swollen dick into my bowels. "I'm cumming!" he cried out. "Aw, fuck!" With each thrust, he emptied his load into me. I could feel his warm liquid coating my insides as he slammed his hips into my ass. He continued to fuck me until his orgasm subsided, then collapsed on top of me, breathing heavily.

We laid there for a brief amount of time, catching our breath. His heart was thumping against my chest and he shivered slightly as his dick twitched one last time inside of me.

He let out a breath. "You are one hot fuck," he gushed. Our lips found each other's as I wrapped my arms around him.

"Do you work again tomorrow?" I asked after a long, lingering kiss.

He smiled. "No, I have the day off."

"Do you wanna stay?" I asked, his fat cock still buried deep inside me.

"I'd love to."

---------------

Copyright 2008.