 I woke up the next day to the early morning sunlight pouring through the bedroom windows. Harley was lying next to me on his side, his shoulders hunched over in sleep. I reached out and ran my fingers across the pale, smooth skin of his muscular arm. He inhaled deeply, rousing from sleep and turned over onto his back, stretching his arms overhead. 

He slowly opened his eyes and smiled. "Mornin'," he said drowsily. 

I rested my hand on his round stomach. "Hey, there," I replied. He reached out and caressed my face with the back of his hand. I ran my fingers through his red chest fur that was matted in places with my dried cum from last night. His cock was full and long, as mine had been upon awakening. We laid on our sides facing one another, our hands roaming freely across each other's naked bodies. 

Harley ran his thumb along my lips, tickling me and prompting a smile to spread across my face. "There it is," he said with a grin. I took his thumb into my mouth and rolled my tongue around it, causing his swollen dick to twitch. He closed his eyes and moaned lightly. 

I sat up in bed and positioned myself between his meaty thighs. He spread his legs for me as I took his swollen dick in hand. It pulsed eagerly. He put his hands behind his head, flexing his biceps as he lifted his pelvis towards me. I leaned over and licked the length of his shaft, causing him to sigh.

I gripped the base of his cock and ran my lips across his head, tasting him with my tongue. His cockhead was warm and soft as I slipped him into my mouth. He groaned and covered his eyes with his arm. I began sucking on the head of his cock with contained fervor, pausing every so often to roll my tongue around the tip. 

He reached out and took hold of my arm. "God, that feels fuckin' incredible," he said in his deep voice. I took him farther into my mouth until the head of his cock pressed at the back of my throat. I concentrated on relaxing my muscles, swallowing his dick further until I was able to take him down my throat.

He gasped and thrust his hips forward slightly until I had the entire length of him stuffed into my mouth. I held him there for a moment, tensing my throat muscles around his dick. He started to tremble and threw his head backward with a grunt. I continued to milk his cock with my throat for a while before he pulled me off of him. He sat up and pushed his tongue into my mouth. I jerked on his wet cock as he held my face in his hands, kissing me hungrily. I eased him back down on the bed and eagerly took him into my mouth again. I slid down the full length of his shaft slowly, savoring the taste of him. 

"Oh, yeah," he whispered. "Your mouth feels so good on my dick." He was bucking his hips, fucking my mouth with deliberate strokes as he ran his fingers through my rumpled hair. "That's it, buddy," he said, propping his head up with his other hand, watching his huge dick move in and out of my mouth. "Suck my dick." 

I picked up my pace, bobbing up and down on his fat dick with a mounting passion. He matched my pace by thrusting forward into my mouth, moaning loudly. I brushed my thumb across the tip of my own dick, smearing my pre-cum around my head as his cock continued to slide in and out of my mouth.

"Aw, fuck, you're gonna make me cum!" he called out. "I'm gonna cum!"

I pulled myself off his dick and squeezed the base of his shaft. The head of his dick expanded as his orgasm continued to mount. He was breathless, waiting for his cum to be released. 

"Aw, fuck!" he yelled again as I lightly teased his head with my tongue. He looked at me with his mouth agape, the veins bulging red at his temples. His hips started to buck, but I held him down, gripping his cock at the base and licking him one last time. He threw his head back as his body began to shake. With a shout, the first blast of cum erupted from his dick. It arced high into the air, then splattered on his heaving chest. His dick contracted again, releasing another blast of cum. His pelvis continued to convulse with the strength of his orgasm as shot after shot of cum spurted from his cock, splashing against his chest and stomach. I stroked the remaining seed from him until his body relaxed. 

He opened his eyes in amazement. "Man, I have never had a blowjob like that!" he exclaimed. "That was fuckin' incredible! I don't think I ever blew a load that big in my entire life!" He laughed aloud. "Well, maybe except for the load you fucked out of me. Oh, man!" He looked at me with a sparkle in his eye and sat up, scooping his cum from his chest in the palm of his hand. He then lathered my dick with it and began jacking me. Within a few strokes, he brought me to orgasm. My cock swelled and I pumped out a load onto his hand and forearm. He gently squeezed the last drop of cum from the head of my dick with an approving chuckle. He released me and showed me his dripping fingers. "Man, you shoot a good, healthy load." I laughed and covered my mouth with his, pushing him back onto the bed.

"Are you hungry?" he asked, between nibbles on my lips and chin.

"Starving," I replied.

"Good. I'm taking you out for breakfast. But first," he nodded at the cum that was running down his forearm. "We need to get cleaned up."

We got up and showered together, then dressed and jumped in his truck. He drove me into town to the local diner where we sat in a booth close to the door. We ate a large breakfast of sausages, eggs, toast, hash browns, cereal and juice. Harley would periodically gaze at me from across the table between mouthfuls and wink. 

We talked a little about our families, our jobs and ourselves. That's when I learned his first name was Mike. He told me a little about the town and some points of interest in the surrounding countryside. I listened to him intently as we shared our meal, often eating off each other's plates. After we were done, he paid the bill and we left. We decided to drive around for a little while before heading back to his place. 

We made our way through town, then turned onto a back road. I was looking out the side window at the open fields stretching across the distance when I felt his warm hand on my thigh. I smiled to myself and reached over and placed my hand on his leg. We rode in silence for a while like that, stealing glances at each other. Eventually, his hand moved up to my crotch and he began rubbing my dick, which was already hard. "Man, I can't wait to get back home and have you fuck me with this beauty again."

I turned to him and shrugged. "Why wait until we get home?" 

Harley glanced over and smiled at me, a glint in his bright green eyes. "I'm gonna pull over, next chance I get," he said as he sped up. 

A few miles down the road, Harley slowed down a bit, then swung the truck onto a dirt road that disappeared into the woods. "Perfect!" he exclaimed. He tore up the steep incline until we came to a clearing. Harley stopped the truck and turned the engine off. "Come and take a look," he said as he opened his door and hopped out. I got out and walked around the truck to where he stood at the edge of the clearing. Through the trees, we could see a large lake that sparkled with sunshine.

"What a great view," I said, gazing across the valley that was surrounded by a thick forest of tress. The sun beat down on us as we stood in silence, feeling isolated from the rest of the world. We turned towards each other and leaned in for a kiss. His tongue began to explore my mouth as my hands tugged at the front of his jeans. I unzipped his pants and pushed them off his hips, finding his cock thick and hard. He moaned into my mouth as I took hold of him and started to jack his dick. He slipped his hands into my pants and began fondling mine.

He broke our kiss and lifted my shirt over my head. I removed his shirt and we pressed our chests together in another deep, tongue-filled kiss. I grabbed a hold of his butt and started kneading his cheeks with my hands. "You wanna fuck me, don't you?" he asked in a low whisper, rubbing his cock against my stomach.

"I sure do," I replied, pulling him firmly into me. 

He smiled as he turned to walk back to the truck. I watched him as he crossed the gravel clearing, his muscular, V-shaped back pale in the bright light. His pants were low on his hips, exposing the top half of his buttocks. He opened the door of his truck and leaned in, rummaging through his glove compartment. He slammed it shut, and turned around, his dick sticking straight out from his unzipped pants. I remembered what I thought the other day when we were walking back to our cars after our first encounter in the woods: A few minutes ago, I was fucking this guy. This time, I knew I was about to fuck him and a feeling of complete bliss washed over me. He smiled and waved me over to him. 

"What do you have there?" I asked as I approached. He held up a small packet of lube. "You keep that in your glove compartment?"

"Hey, I was raised a boy scout. I finally now have a use for this damn thing." I laughed as he handed me the lube. "Come on," he urged, and we walked around to the back of the truck. He pushed his pants down to his meaty thighs and bent over, throwing me a glance over his shoulder. "Feed me that big dick of yours."

I quickly pushed my pants down and tore open the package. Harley moaned and began writhing as I smeared the cool lube around his hole. I then lathered up my dick and aimed it at his hole. 

"Oh, yeah," he coaxed. "Put your dick in me."

I pushed forward and his ass opened up, swallowing me eagerly. I continued to push forward as he groaned until I had the length of my dick all the way up inside him.

"Aw, man, I love having your dick in my ass! Now, fuck me with it, buddy." I slowly pulled back, causing his body to shiver in the heat, until I pulled all the way out of him. I paused for a second, and then entered him again. He grunted loudly. I slowly eased all the way out, watching his anal ring pulse, then shoved my dick back in one smooth stroke. I did this a couple more times, pausing at each end. "You like teasing me, huh?" he asked, looking back at me.

"I'm hoping to get you talking dirty again," I replied.

"Well, in that case..." he began. "Fuck my willing ass with your beautiful dick! Ram it home, big guy!" I took hold of him by his hips and slowly started pistoning in and out of him. He sighed deeply, resting his head against his hand as he gripped the side of the truck. "Aw, yeah, that's it," he encouraged. "Fuck me, man. Fuck my butthole." 

I screwed him for a while in the hot, breezeless sunshine. After several minutes, he stood up and I pulled out of him. He turned to me, panting and glistening with sweat. "Let's get into the truck bed," he said after he kissed me. He bent down and in his haste to pull off his boot, momentarily lost his balance. We laughed as he steadied himself. We shed our clothes and threw them into the back of the truck then hopped inside.

Harley got on his back, drawing his knees up to his broad shoulders. I immediately got on my knees and lined the tip of my dick with his hole. "Man, I can't get enough of your dick," he said in his deep, sexy voice. I smiled and then pushed myself inside of him. He cried out through clenched teeth.

I positioned myself on my hands and knees, and began fucking his ass roughly, causing the truck to rock back and forth. Harley closed his eyes and continued to moan. Sweat dripped from my forehead onto his muscular chest, matting the red chest hair against his skin. I grabbed his wrists and pinned his arms over his head, continuing my steady pounding of his ass as he wrapped his legs around me. I leaned down and licked the sweat from his armpit, before my tongue made its way to his perfectly round bicep. He groaned and shivered. He opened his eyes, which were glazed with pleasure, and looked me straight in the eye. "Yeah, come on, buddy. Fuck me real good. Pound my butt." His thick, furry balls were rubbing against my stomach while we fucked, and this additional stimulation seemed to cause his impending orgasm to reach its climax. "I'm gonna fuckin' blow my load," he said between gasps for air. I leaned back and increased my pace as he grabbed the underside of his thighs and spread his legs wide. The veins on his neck began to bulge and his face turned red as his cum started to boil up inside him, pressing for release. "Come on, buddy. Fuck the cum outta me." My own orgasm was fastly approaching as he squeezed my dick with his round ass. "Aw, I'm gonna cum! You're gonna make me cum!" 

I blew first. My body jerked and I slammed into him, crying out as I shot my first volley of cum deep inside him. Harley cried out also as his swollen dick erupted with its first blast. Our orgasms continued for a brief amount of time, causing us to alternately cry out with each shot. I thrust into him one last time before I collapsed on top of him, panting and sweating. I exhaled deeply then started to laugh.

"What? What's so funny?" Harley asked, amused.

"I don't know," I said. "I guess it's just part of my release."

Harley wrapped his arms around me with a chuckle and kissed me lightly on the forehead.

I pulled out of him and we sat up slowly. Harley stretched his arms overhead, then stood up. He smiled at me. "It's fun being naked outdoors," he said as he ran his hand over his stomach, smearing his cum around his sweaty torso. 

We got dressed and jumped back into the truck.

We drove around the countryside some more as he pointed out various landmarks. He had lived in these parts his entire life and, while he loved it here, I could tell in his voice he was somewhat lonesome. After some time, we headed back to his place.

He showed me around his house then we took a seat next to each other on his couch. We talked about a lot of things before we settled in to watch a game on TV. He draped his thick arm around me and gradually nudged me closer to him. I rested my hand on his thigh and he immediately placed his other hand over it. We turned to each other and kissed lightly, not closing our eyes. He smiled, then leaned in again and softly brushed his lips against mine. It was tender and ignited another level of my desire for him. Soon our tongues met and our breathing became ragged. We continued to kiss deeply and gave our hands free reign over each other's bodies. I pulled back for a moment to look into his eyes. He smiled.

"You should take your clothes off now," I said.

"Yes, sir!" he laughed.

I stood up and kicked off my shoes as he pulled off his boots. He quickly shucked his shirt and pants and sat back completely naked, hands resting on his large thighs. 

I unbuttoned my shirt then told him I'd be right back. He nodded as I turned and headed for his bedroom. I found a bottle of lube in his bedside table and returned with it. 

I pulled down my pants and undershorts and tossed them to the floor. He looked me up and down with a smile as I squeezed the lube onto the palm of my hand. I then lathered his hard cock with it and set the bottle aside. I took hold of his dick and straddled him, my knees on either side of him as I aimed his slippery cock at my hole. I slowly and deliberately eased him into me until I was sitting on his lap, my ass stuffed fully with his thickness and length. He pulled me into a kiss.

"You feel so good," he said softly. I sat back and started to grind my butt against his hips. He reached out and caressed my face as I slowly rose off his dick before easing myself down again. As I concentrated on the sensations of his huge cock sliding in and out of my hole, I was consumed by an overwhelming feeling of passion and fulfillment. His dick in my ass, or mine in his, or his mouth on my cock or mine on his, all of it was fulfilling me in a way I never had been before. I could tell as he looked into my eyes that he felt the same way. We smiled as I continued slowly fucking myself on his cock. I wanted this to last.

He pulled me into another deep kiss, rotating his hips and pressing himself up into me. We soon fell into a rhythm of him gently thrusting up as I came down. I squeezed his meaty pecs as his hands caressed my sides.

After a while, I rose up off of him and turned around. I sat back down on his lap, reclaiming his cock with my ass. I leaned slightly forward and began to slowly rise up on his dick before easing back down. He rubbed my back and shoulders.

"Oh, yeah," he moaned. "Ride my cock." I started to pick up the pace with a growing fervor that ignited his penchant for dirty talk. "That's it, buddy. Ride my cock good and hard."

I continued to do so, grunting aloud. My own cock, which I had refrained from touching, started to ache for release. I slammed down onto him, causing him to cry out.

"Fuck my dick! Yeah, fuck my dick with your hot ass!" he yelled. 

I bounced continually on his rigid cock, enjoying myself. "I want you to cum in my ass," I told him.

"Yeah, I'm gonna cum in your ass," he growled. "I'm gonna shoot my load deep inside you." We continued fucking until his body began to convulse. "Your ass is making me cum! I'm cumming!" 

"Blow your load in my ass, Mike! Fill me with your cum!"

Harley's dick erupted and I could feel the stream of sperm shooting inside me. I continued to ride his cock until his orgasm subsided, then I pulled off of him, turned and straddled his body, jerking my cock.

"That's it, buddy. Blow your load all over me." I started pounding my cock furiously as he closed his eyes and opened his mouth. Within seconds, I was bathing his face with my sperm. "Oh, fuck, yeah," he said as my cum spurted onto his forehead, cheeks and lips. I stroked the last remaining seed from my dick as Harley opened his eyes and smiled. "That was fucking hot!" he said, licking his lips. We both laughed as he wiped the cum from his face and licked his fingers. 

We rested naked on the couch for a bit, before I sat up and told him that I needed to start heading back.

"Oh," he replied, briefly looking away. "Right."

We got up and dressed slowly in silence. He put his hands on my waist and softly kissed me, our lips lingering with each other's touch even after we had pulled away.

"Before you go," he said as he walked to the kitchen, "I want to give you my number." He wrote his phone number on a piece of paper then handed it to me. "I hope you'll be up this way again soon."

"Yeah, I think I will," I replied.

"Good," he said with a nod. We left his house and got into his truck. He drove me back to my cousin's place and helped me gather my stuff and put the place back in order. We joked and talked until we were finished, then we loaded up my car and stood for a moment, facing each other under the darkening sky. "Give me a call when you get back to the city, will ya?"

"I will."

He wrapped his arms around me and held me tightly to him. "Well, it was really great meeting you," he said.

I smiled. "Great meeting you to. I had a really nice time this weekend."

"Yeah, me, too."

I paused before getting into my car.

"Drive safely," he said with mock sternness.

"Yes, sir," I replied with a laugh as I closed my door. I started the car, turned and smiled once more, before driving off. I glanced a couple of times in my rearview mirror to see him standing in the driveway watching me go.

--------------

Copyright 2008.