 My assigned reading was putting me to sleep, so I headed to the cafeteria for a cup of coffee. I was hoping that a little caffeine would keep me awake long enough to make it through the chapter—I was reading the same sentence for the third time when a large figure approached my table.

The light was behind him, so it took a second to make out his features. He was well over 6 feet tall, with large shoulders and huge thighs. As my eyes adjusted to the light, he began to come into focus. 

He was wearing one of those synthetic T-shirts. His large pectoral and shoulder muscles were clearly defined, and the fabric bulged slightly over his stomach. He had on a pair of athletic shorts over compression shorts that were straining to contain his massive quads.

As his features became recognizable I identified the curly brown locks and the square jaw as Charles from my Western Lit class.

"Hi, Dre. Mind if I join you?" He asked, not really waiting for a response. He set down his tray loaded with lunch.

"Please do, Charles, pull up a seat." I said, a bit surprised as we had never exchanged more than a nod before today.

The only thing I knew about Charles was that he was on the track team, a discus thrower or something. He was smart and kind of shy in class. That's why I was so shocked when he just sat down without an invitation. He nervously picked at his food as we exchanged small talk about our class, the university, and cafeteria food.

Charles paused in mid sentence and after what could only be described as uncomfortable silence said, "So... Um... I hear we belong to the same club."

I was a little slow to catch on because I never expected Charles to be part of "The Club." I think I stared at him a little too long when he started to mumble.

"Or... Umm... Maybe not. No, I was mistaking you with another guy...."

I cut him off mid sentence. "Are you referring to that club where Mike and Drew are upstanding members?"

I could see the relief on his flushed face. It was funny to me that this imposing hulk of a guy, who could squash me like a bug, was embarrassed by something that I might have not even understood. It must have taken a lot of courage for him to come and sit at my table.

I discretely touched his leg under the table. 

"Don't worry, it's cool. I think it's great that you're in the C Club. I am really glad that you came over and sat with me today. I was having kind a crappy time with today's reading and now things are looking up."

I gave Charles a smile and I could see him relax. Because we were in a public place, we had to use innuendo to discuss our involvement in the Cock Club, but it was clear that he was a relatively new member of the group.

He said that he had been recruited because some of the guys had a "thing" for his type. Charles told me that he didn't mind and that his luck hadn't been so good with the opposite sex so the club was a welcome diversion. He said that relieving that sexual tension helped his training.

"You seem like a nice guy, Dre. I was wondering if maybe you might want to come over to my place later. That is, if you aren't doing anything. Maybe we could have a beer or something and... well only if you... I mean..." he stammered.

"That sounds like fun Charles, what time?" I answered quickly because I could see that he was very nervous. I thought it was kind of cute.

He gave me a big grin and I squeezed his massive knee. I would never have considered someone like Charles, but now I saw was a big sweet guy with a boyish grin and a sparkle in his eye. I wondered with growing excitement what this experience would be like.

We planned to meet at 5:30 at his place, which was just off campus in an apartment building. I knew where it was, and after another hour of unproductive studying I went back to my room and showered to get myself ready.

Walking to his apartment, I experienced an odd mix of apprehension, arousal, and giddiness all at the same time. We couldn't really discuss what we were into in the cafeteria and I didn't even know this guy. It was exciting and terrifying all at once but I figured if he was a member of Cock Club he must be cool.

I rang his buzzer and the "clack" of the automatic door gave me a start as a small metallic voice said, "Third floor, Dre." I quickly climbed the stairs in what looked to be a 70's era building. Charles was waiting for me at the door with a cold beer in his hand.

"I figure you might need one of these," He said as he handed me the bottle of a tasty craft brewed ale. He was wearing a white tank and a pair of athletic shorts. His curly hair was still a little damp, and I could smell his musky body wash. His muscles looked even bigger than before and I couldn't help but notice that even in the baggy shorts he had a noticeable bulge.

He showed me around the apartment and we made awkward conversation. I noticed him rolling his right shoulder. I asked if he had injured it.

"No I am just sore from today's practice. We worked on upper body, shoulders, and I think I might have overdone it."

I said, "Sit down and let me massage it. I'm an expert."

"No that's okay. It's really not that bad. I'll be..."

I cut him off mid sentence. And then pointing to the couch, in a mock-stern, silly way I said, "Sit, young man."

I moved behind the couch and I started to work on his very broad shoulders. He was massive and feeling his muscular shoulders was getting me in a horny mood. He moaned slightly in approval as I worked on the palpable knot in his shoulder muscle. As I administered my expert touch I could feel him relaxing.

"So how many experiences have you had with Cock Club?" I asked.

"A couple," he replied, with his eyes now shut. He was obviously enjoying my warm hands on his body. I was widening my area of contact working on his neck and letting my hands continue down over his chest.

"I really like you. I think we could have a great time. What would make our time together even more fun would be if you could tell me about what those experiences were like... I just want to know what to expect," I said, hoping to gain some insight as to how to turn on this big man.

"Well my first time was with Drew," said Charles.

I knew that Drew was one of the founders of the club and also on the track team. Drew was a sex machine, as I had found out a week before.

"We were on an away meet and sharing a hotel room. I came out of the shower, and Drew was sitting naked on his bed with a huge... Well... You know... H-hard on. I just had on a towel and I was horny as hell. I hadn't been laid in weeks. One thing lead to another and Drew ended up giving me head. The sex was so fucking good that we pretty much sucked and fucked the entire weekend of the track meet. I mean damn, Drew has a tight ass," he chuckled.

The narrative that Charles was describing was getting me hard. I asked, "I feel a lot of tension coming from your pecs, mind if I move around and massage your front?"

He gave no sign of resistance and as I moved in front of him I had to straddle his legs. He looked up at me and grinned. I looked down and could see a growing tent appearing in his shorts. I began working on his chest muscles. When I placed my hands on either side of his pectorals it was wider than my shoulders, I began to massage.

I was now working up and down his torso. My growing hard on brushed against his stomach as I massaged him. His nipples were erect and I brushed back and forth over them. Each time I touched them Charles would moan. 

He reached up behind me and felt my thigh, running his big hand up to my ass. My cock was straining against my shorts. Charles placed his other free hand against my bulge and rubbed my growing cock. I let out an involuntary moan as the electricity of his hand on my cock made my body shiver.

I sat down on his lap and taking his strong jaw in my hand I kissed Charles. His tongue was instantly in my mouth and we kissed passionately as I moved my ass over his hardening cock. I looked him in the eye with a wicked grin and slowly started to rotate my hips.

I pushed my ass down on his bulge and moved in a circular motion. I could feel what was obviously a substantial piece of meat pressing against my ass. I move my plump butt over his cock feeling it roll against my cheeks.

I pulled his shirt off over his head, and I then removed mine. I nibbled on his ear and neck giving him wet kisses. Being with such a powerful man made me feel submissive and I wanted to be his slut. His big hands were on my ass and I twisted and teased his nipples as we rubbed our bodies together.

"Get naked," He commanded me and I reluctantly but obediently left his lap.

I licked my lips and twisted my nipples as I stood in front of him. I then hooked my thumbs in the front of the waist of my briefs and shorts and slowly moved them down. I was having fun playing the role of the tease and I bit my bottom lip as I pushed my clothes down. A little at a time I revealed my cock to Charles until it sprang free and bobbed in front of him at a 45 degree angle.

Stepping away from the pile of clothes on the floor I moved close to him. He ran his hands up my stomach and then down to my cock. His big warm hand gently stroked my cock and I hummed with lust.

Gripping me tighter he pumped my cock at the base making my cock head swell. He leaned forward and took me in his mouth. First focusing on my cock head, he swirled his tongue around my hole. His efforts were rewarded as I could feel my precum leaking out in a generous dribble. 

Charles then began to suck me with more intensity. I was pleased and surprised when he took me in his throat, swallowing my entire fat 7". Afraid I might cum, I gently pushed him away.

"I need some cock too, babe., I panted as I dropped between his legs. Charles was still seated on the couch, a slight sweat forming on his broad chest. His shorts now were a circus tent hiding what I knew would be a party. I smiled at him and he lifted himself slightly off the cushion as I slid off his shorts and boxers.

His cock was massive! It flopped against the smooth curve of his stomach with an audible slap. It was at least 11" long, uncut and beautiful. I placed my hand around it and began to slowly stroke. My fingers could not touch, and I started to use two hands on this monster. 

As I stroked, pulling down a little more foreskin with each stroke. His cock was now at full attention and his foreskin slid back and forth over his cock head slick with precum. I wanted to be his bitch. I loved his big fat cock. I wanted him to fuck me.

"Do you like it?" asked Charles.

I stuck out my tongue and licked a pearl of precum off the tip and said, "I don't like it baby... I fucking love your big fat cock."

I shoved it back into my mouth and began to suck for all I was worth. I was crazy with lust and I couldn't get enough of his dick. I knew then that I had to have that fat fuck stick inside me.

Charles moaned as I forced as much of his cock as I could into my mouth. I was sucking and slurping and squeezing his big smooth balls. He pushed me away and lifted me to my feet. He spun me around and slapped me on the ass.

"Damn, you have a nice ass," he said as he spread my cheeks, grabbing one in each hand.

I loved how oddly vulnerable I felt with Charles spreading my ass cheeks, exposing my boy-pussy. I tucked my cock and balls back between my legs and bent over. Charles skipped any preliminaries and started to rim my asshole. 

I gasped as is hot wet tongue pushed inside of me. I pushed back wanting it like the slut I was becoming. All I could think about was having his big fat dick inside me. I shuddered when Charles slipped two wet fingers into my hole.

With confidence I had not yet heard from Charles he said, "I have to fuck this ass. Can you handle that?"

I looked back over my shoulder and shook my head "Yes."

He picked me up. I put my arms around his neck and we kissed wildly all the way to his bedroom. He put me on the bed then grabbed a bottle of lube on the nightstand. He stood over me for a second his muscular frame and hard cock making me crazy with desire for some man on man sex.

"Man, I hope you are going to fuck me with that big cock," I said breathlessly as he climbed onto the bed.

He settled in on his back, smiling and I straddled him. I slid back and forth, my hands on his stomach, my rock hard cock and balls rubbing against his stomach while his amazing dick rubbed up and down between my round firm ass cheeks.

I took the lube and squirted a generous amount on my hand. I took his big dick and covered it. I then took another generous squirt and lubed my horny hole. Leaning forward I placed the biggest cock I had ever seen against my asshole and began to rock.

I slowly relaxed and pushed down allowing his cock head to penetrate me. I breathed long deep breaths to relax as I worked through the initial pain. I wanted so badly to fuck this big cock that I wasn't going to stop now. 

Charles encouraged me, "That's it, take it baby, you know you want that big cock. You know you want to fuck it good, like the slut you are."

Sweat dripped down the side of my face and I was moaning rhythmically as Charles allowed me to slowly work his cock into my ass an inch at a time. Soon the pain was replaced by pleasure as I worked most of his fat dick inside me. When I had his entire member inside me, I leaned over Charles and whispered, "Now I'm going to fuck you so good you'll want me all the time."

I started to rotate my ass, his cock deep inside me. Charles was moaning as I started to bounce on his big dick. I was fucking him hard and he was holding on to my ass as my stiff dick swung and bobbed, stiff as a flagpole, slapping against my stomach.

I was in a trance, fucking his huge dick. I slowly lifted up so that just his cock head was inside me then I pushed all the way down his pole. I repeated this slowly over and over again. It felt amazing and was driving Charles wild.

"Fuck me, Dre. Damn, you fuck so good," Charles panted, his face and body shimmering with sweat.

I had other ideas about how I would enjoy Charles. I wanted to feel him on top of me so I dismounted and lay on my back. I grabbed my knees exposing my gaping hole to Charles. I didn't need to give him any instruction, he knew exactly what to do.

I inhaled sharply as Charles thrust his big dick into me. I pulled him close, and with my hands on his ass I encouraged his thrust. His mass pushing down on me, he pounded me. The turn-on of being so dominated by this big man was unbelievable.

We were like animals in heat. Our bodies covered in sweat. I knew Charles was close to cumming and my balls ached, begging for release. I breathlessly whispered in his ear, "Babe, I need to cum, lay on your back."

Charles did as I asked. I added some more lube to his cock and kissed him once more. I squatted over his cock loving the delicious feeling of it pushing into me. I moved up and down, and a little forward so his cock was hitting my G spot. I knew this would make me cum as I increased my pace. The feeling was too much and I knew I could not hold out for very long.

Charles was lifting his hips to meet my thrusts. I knew he was on the verge of orgasm when he said, "It's so good... Ah... Ah.... Ah.... I'm going to cum!"

Charles' entire body convulsed and I could feel his semen fill me as he climaxed. He let out a deep growl and my own orgasm hit like a tidal wave.

I came like never before, a first time for me without having any direct contact with my cock. My dick exploded shooting a long strand of cum across Charles' face and neck. My entire body shook as another load landed on his chin and chest followed by a lesser spurt on his stomach.

I went to my knees, burying the big cock deep inside me. The huge orgasm that Charles released oozed out of my ass. I collapsed on top of Charles and kissed him, my cum on his face and our sweat adding to the erotic oral exchange.

I clung to him, panting for several minutes before I rolled off him a sticky sweaty mess.

"Wow, that was amazing! I never really thought I could take a big cock like yours. It was so wild...Man, I love your cock... It's so yummy... It's...It's..." I trailed off.

"You were great. I was so nervous about asking you to come over, but, man... I am so glad I did. Maybe we could do it again?" said Charles with a grin as he rolled over onto his side to face me.

Grabbing his cock and giving it a stroke, "That would be great. Now how about we take a shower?"

We took a shower. As we soaped each other we got hard all over again. I sucked Charles off one more time. He gave me another amazing load and I swallowed down half and shared the rest with him in a hot cum-swapping make-out session.

I walked out of his apartment around midnight. I was a little sore and a little tired, but very satisfied.

I had an unbelievable experience that night. I had never considered my sexuality in terms of being submissive, a bottom. Giving myself over to Charles was a life changing experience. It felt liberating not having to be the bringer-of-pleasure but simply enjoying the ride. In the arms of Charles I felt safe and willing to give of myself in a different way. I could feel my cock stir as I walked back to the dorm wondering what other experiences Cock Club held in the future. 

It's good to be a member.