 It was a warm summer afternoon. My family had left for the weekend, and I had the house to myself. I was horny as hell and still had the thoughts of my cousin, laying out in the forest, and dick in hand, stuck in my head. I decided that since I was alone, I should take care of myself. I decided to lounge in the living room and see if I could find a porno on the satellite. I loved my parents for having that little black box that gave us every channel possible. The only trouble is that they didn't play gay porn, so I searched and settled on a straight porno and decided to just focus on the hot stud that just happened to be eating some latina's hairy pussy. I had no longer gotten out my short, fat cock when there was a knock at the door. 

I had locked the door and the first thought that popped in my head was that my parents had come back home for something. So I switched off the TV and yanked up my shorts and headed towards the back door. I flipped up the blinds and there was Trent standing in nothing but a pair of what I like to call, country cut offs. I could tell by the bulge in his shorts that he wasn't wearing any underwear and that he was as horny as I. I unlocked the door and flung it open and stood back and looked Trent up and down. He had this cocky little smile on his face and from his looks; I could see that he was trying to grow a stache. I just stood there, caught up in his looks, when he said. "Well aren't you going to invite me in cousin." I turned red with embarrassment and muttered some excuse and said come on in Trent. 

Trent walked past me and I followed with my eyes glued to his ass. He asked me what I was doing and I said that I was just flipping through the channels on the satellite and I discovered some porn. He clapped his hands together and said, "Good. I just love porno's." I showed Trent into the living room and asked him if he wanted anything to drink. He replied with a grin, "I'll have something creamy a little later on." Well as if I wasn't horny enough before, my dick was surely standing at attention now. Trent sat down on the couch and I settled over in the easy chair. I flipped on the TV and the scene now was a busty black chick with about 8 white men gathered around her. Trent let out a sigh and with one motion had his country cut offs down to his knees. His cock stood tall and proud, oozing a slight amount of precum from the piss slit. He looked up and caught me staring and said, "Get those shorts off now and move over here to the couch so you can see the movie better." I couldn't believe he had just made this request and it made me fucking nervous. 

Suddenly, a brave streak ran through me. I stood up and walked over and stood in front of him and looked down. He looked up at me and said, "yes?" I felt myself flush but I knew that I needed to stick with my plan, so I put this smart ass smirk on my face and said, if you want my shorts off then you take them off. Trent got this look in his eyes and I got scared for a second. I wasn't sure how he would take my comment and from his look, I thought I was about to receive a beating, but he fooled me. He looked up at me and grinned really big and said, "If you insist cousin"! With that said he unbuttoned my shorts and yanked them down to the floor. There I stood in all my naked glory. My short prick standing as tall and proud as it could. Trent let out a little snicker and then licked his lips. I couldn't believe what he did next. In one swift motion, Trent had my cock in his mouth. 

This caught me by surprise and I thought I was going to blow a thick load right then and there. This was my first blowjob and I must say that I was not disappointed. Trent had a skilled mouth; slowly sucking on my dick in a rhythm that matched the thrusts of my hips. Since I wasn't blessed with a long shlong dangling between my legs, it was easy for me to fuck the hell out of Trent's face. I may not have received a blowjob before, but I had done my share of porn watching, so I kind of new what I was supposed to do. Trent placed both of his hands on each ass cheek and pushed my cock deeper in his mouth. I looked down over my belly and watched as my fat cock disappeared into his mouth, only to reappear. I threw my head back and let out a throaty groan. I knew what was about to happen, so I pulled my cock out of Trent's mouth and told him that it was his turn now. Trent grabbed his hard cock and slapped it against his stomach. He looked up at me and said, "Oh yeah fat boy. Now I'm going to feed you a piece of my cock and then wash your mouth out with cum." 

I dropped down on my knees with delight and slowly licked the pre cum off his dick. I then proceeded to lick the entire length of his cock. I looked up into Trent's eyes and confessed that I had never done anything like this before. He grinned and said; " Well don't you think its time you finally had a cock in that hot mouth of yours cousin?" I couldn't have agreed more, so down I went. I wasn't thinking I guess, because I tried to take the entire shaft right into my mouth and my throat gagged in protest. "Take it slow at first," he said. So I did just that. I worked on the mushroom shaped headfirst. Slowly swirling my tongue around it and then I worked an inch or so of the shaft into my mouth. I could taste his hot pre cum burning the back of my throat. 

Trent then grabbed my head with both of his hands to steady it, and proceeds to fuck the shit out of my mouth. My throat was burning with the force of his cock being thrust into it. He continued to fuck my face while I massaged his balls. I could feel them getting tight and I knew what was going to happen. I tried to voice my protest, but it was hard to get it all out clearly with a dick being thrust in my mouth. It wouldn't have mattered if I were able to get my protest out, because he wouldn't have heard me anyway. His head was back against the pillows and his eyes were rolled back into his head. I decided to just go ahead with it so I braced myself for the massive load that was about to flood my mouth. 

Trent picked his rhythm a little and began to moan and groan loudly. He was leaking pre cum like crazy. We were both sweating like whores in church and my mouth had all but lost its feeling. I was just about to give up when Trent let out a load moan and I suddenly felt a hot, bitter tasting liquid flood my mouth. It was like nothing I had ever tasted before. I quickly tried to swallow every bit of it that I could, but it came out faster than I could get it down. Trent finished unloading into my mouth and pulled his spent cock out of my mouth. He glanced down and saw where some cum had leaked out of my mouth and dropped on to his thigh. "Aren't you going to lick that up cousin," he said. My only reply was leaning down and slowly licking cum up on to my tongue and into my mouth. "Now you're learning," he said. 

I stood up and took a couple of steps back only to be pulled forward again. "Not so fast. Its your turn again." Trent took my cock into his mouth and began sucking hard and fast. One of his hands crept behind me and began to massage my left ass cheek, while the other tugged at my ball sack. I was in fucking heaven. I laid my head back and began thrusting as fast as I could into his mouth. I felt my load building up. I knew I was going to explode any moment. As if able to read my mind, Trent slipped a finger up against my asshole and that was all it took. I let out a scream and began emptying my load into his mouth. I was amazed at how good this felt, and was disappointed when my entire load was spent. I came to and looked down at Trent. He had this huge grin on his face and was licking his lips. He stood up and said, "Now that is what I call spending some quality time with family." I couldn't agree more.