 "Dude, I have something you so want to get in on!" Mitch whispered excitedly into Craig's ear. Craig turned away from loading paving stones onto the back of the truck and eyed his bud suspiciously. They'd been friends ever since Craig had hired on, right out of high school, with Mitch's dad's landscaping company, and the subsequent four years had taught Craig to be leery of 'getting in on' anything his friend was overly excited about. He had to admit the man had a great sense of fun. What he did not have was any fear of consequences. His schemes had not landed them in jail yet, but it had been a near miss on several occasions.

"Okay, lay it on me," he said with a deep sigh. Mitch looked around them quickly. James, Mitch's dad, was heading towards them with a few of the other laborers. 

"Naw man, not now. Let's meet up at the Station tonight for a couple of beers." The Station was the only gay bar in their uptight, southern town. Their sexual orientation was one of the reasons he and Mitch had become such fast friends, but they'd never hooked up with each other since they both strictly topped. 

"Just a couple though, I have a paper I have to finish up tonight." Mitch agreed and they finished loading the truck.

-------------------------------------------------

Craig walked into the Station and looked around for Mitch. He did not see him but his eyes narrowed in on a fine, tight little ass bent over one of the pool tables. Damn, he really needed to find a way to get a piece of that. Austin, the bearer of that fine little bit of denim covered art, straightened up from taking his shot and laughed at the ribbing he took from his friends when he missed. For such a little guy, he had a surprisingly deep voice that made him sound like he gargled with whiskey and razor blades. Craig shuddered as that laugh caressed through his senses and settled somewhere in his groin. He wondered how that voice would sound with Craig buried balls deep in Austin's ass. He could just imagine the man's bowed legs draped over his shoulders as he pounded into him. Austin was a couple of years older than Craig, and he knew little about the man except that he was a transplant from Texas, and he was never seen without his cowboy hat and boots on. He groaned picturing how Austin's big green eyes would look up at him while he buried his hands in those strawberry blond curls and fed Austin his cock.

He studied the group around the pool table to see if the man was there with anyone in particular. Jerry was sitting at one of the little tables with her girlfriend, Amanda, leaning back in her arms. He had a few engineering classes with Jerry, and they shot some hoops when they had the time. The only other person at the table was little Les, and the word around the campfire was that he had some sort of ménage thing going on with Jerry and Amanda. He had a pretty good idea how that worked since the women were both packing dykes, and Les was a sweet little bi bottom boy. He shook off the unwanted visual and turned to the bar to continue his search for Mitch.

"Craig, over here bro!" Mitch called out from the end of the bar. It was obvious his friend already had a few in him from his over bright eyes, and lopsided grin. Craig ordered a beer and leaned back against the bar so he could listen to Mitch and still enjoy the view of the little Texan. Jerry caught him ogling and smirked at him. He grinned back shamelessly and saluted her with his beer bottle.

"You know that nudist campground that Jason's uncle is opening up down in Darien?" Mitch began excitedly. Jason was Mitch's current boyfriend, and his quiet, steady personality was a good balance for Mitch's crazy ass ways, Craig thought privately. Craig nodded and gestured for his buddy to go on. "Well, Jason's been down there helping so they can open in time for some nudist holiday. They've finished well ahead of schedule, so his uncle is going to let him throw a party down there next weekend before the place officially opens. We already have a bunch of guys that want to come, and you gotta come down there early and help us get ready, man. There are cabins, and a couple of the guys are bringing campers. It will be a weekend of drinkin', dancin', video games, water gun fights, and it's on the intercoastal waterway so we can do some crabbin' too. Best of all," Mitch paused dramatically, "we'll be doing it all stark ass nekkid'!" 

"No fuckin' way." Craig replied flatly.

"Awe, come on! You can't tell me all those free range asses, and pricks don't tempt ya?"

"What the hell are you going on about, you big goofball?" Jerry asked as she sidled up next to them and motioned to get the bartenders attention. Mitch gave her the quick run down of the situation. "Sign Amanda, Les, and me up! It sounds like a blast," she said with a laugh.

"No can do. It's strictly a penis party," Mitch said smugly. Jerry turned toward Craig and replied with a conniving little smile.

"What if we swear to pack the entire time and I guarantee the appearance of a certain swaggering cowpoke? I bet that will get your boy here to agree to help out." Mitch turned to look at Craig. Craig started nodding vigorously, and with great enthusiasm.

Mitch laughed, "Okay you got a deal."

"Cool! We'll even wear some of our more exotic strap-ons," she offered. She and her girl were known to have a vast collection of novelty dildos.

"You are one odd chick," Craig said fondly. 

"You're just jealous," she replied in a haughty voice. "We get all the custom equipment we want, and you are stuck with your sad, outdated factory model."

They all laughed.

Craig finished up the last of his beer and asked for another. He glanced at the pool table and met Austin's gaze as the man watched them curiously. Austin gave him a shy smile and tipped his hat. Craig grinned back at him, and he hoped his smile was not as predatory as he felt towards the man. He did not want to scare the little guy off before he got a chance at him.

--------------------------------------------------

Austin watched as Jerry walked back from the bar with their beers. The smile she had on her face just screamed trouble in the making. He looked over her shoulder and saw that Craig was still looking at him. The expression on the man's face had Austin torn between strapping the spurs onto his boots, climbing the man, grabbing two handfuls of that silky looking black hair and riding the big fucker for all he was worth, or to run screaming for the hills as fast as he could. He shivered and turned his attention back to Jerry. She passed out the drinks, gave Les a smack on the ass making him blush, then leaned in to give Amanda a kiss on the cheek. 

"Guess what guys? We're gonna have a nakey weekend!"

"What?" They all asked at the same time.

"We're going to a nudist campground to party with Mitch and his boyfriend."

"I'll be damned," Austin drawled as Amanda and Les just sat in open mouthed shock.

"Oh come on boy! I know for a fact that there is a certain someone that's only going because I told him we'd drag you down there kicking and screaming if we had to. Actually, you're our in card. Otherwise, we would not be invited due to Amanda's and my naturally penis free physique. So cowboy up, and come to the house and help us pick just the right cocks to wear for the occasion."

Austin stepped in closer to her and whispered, "You talkin' 'bout Craig?"

She nodded, and grinned big at him knowing that he had a major boner for the big guy.

"Well, shee-yit."

--------------------------------------------------

Craig grabbed a cold beer and dropped down onto one of the many lounge chairs they had scattered around the site and took in the results of their several hours of work. They had two large cabins, and three campers set up and ready to house the party goers. In three different locations outside, there were kegs iced down and ready to be tapped, and coolers filled with cans of beer. The whole site was well shaded by large trees, and they had draped party lights through them for when the sun set in a couple hours. There was a volley ball net set up, and the area in front of where Craig sat had been cleared for dancing with beach music playing in the background. Several picnic tables were tucked away in secluded little nooks made by the long hanging strands of Spanish moss. The padded tables were sure to encourage acts of naughtiness,so they put bowls filled with condoms and sample packs of lube on them since no one would have any where to keep safety supplies on their naked persons. There was a large plastic bin filled with various water guns, and misting stations set up to help combat the heat. They even made sure there were several cans of mosquito repellant for when the tide changed and the thousands of little buggers would descend.

Plenty of guys were already milling around opening beers and he could hear cars pulling down the lane as more arrived. All of them were naked for the most part, though some wore cock rings, various party hats, and a few even had on multi strands of Mardi Gra beads. He laughed as a sombrero landed in his lap, and he looked over his shoulder to see an already inebriated Mitch grinning down at him with his arm slung over a gently smiling Jason's shoulders.

"I just got a text from Jerry saying they'd be here shortly. So hopefully, all your hard work will pay off and maybe you'll get a little cowboy action." Mitch teased waggling his eyebrows. Craig reached back and took a mock swing at him with the huge sombrero.

"That would be great! But honestly man, I am glad I came no matter what happens. There's a great bunch of guys here and I can already tell this party is going to be a hit. This is a kick ass set up your uncle has here, Jason."

"Thanks Craig. Now if you'll excuse us someone has promised me some shagging. The Carolina type shagging, I mean. Let me clear that up before Mitch does his horrible Austin Powers impersonation." Jason said, elbowing his boyfriend lightly in the ribs.

Craig laughed and watched as they started dancing. Though their movements were deliberately exaggerated to make their cocks jump around comically, Craig was surprised to see they were both damn good at the regional dance. His bud may seem flighty but he had hidden depths to him. Some of the other guys gathered to watch, and a few other couples took to the floor. After a while, someone changed the music to the Macarena and Craig about pissed himself laughing. He would have sworn he'd rather be drawn and quartered than to ever have to hear that song again, but he had to admit watching eight naked, and reasonably hot guys doing it gave the tired old dance new life. He let himself be dragged onto the dance floor to join in the fun. He pushed his sombrero down firmly onto his head and wriggled his danglies along with the rest of the boys.

He looked with everyone else at the sound of wild hyena laughter to see Jerry, Amanda, Les, and Austin had arrived carrying a couple back packs and a large cooler.

"Welcome! Welcome!" Cried Mitch, as he rushed over to help. "Let me show you where you can ditch your things and get properly undressed." Craig made eye contact with Austin, and the man gave him a shit eating grin. Craig tried not to blush like a little girl when he realized he had froze mid dance step, with his hands behind his head, and his hips thrust forward. Austin winked at him and followed the rest of his friends inside one of the cabins. Craig stepped off the makeshift dance floor to go get a fresh beer as he wondered to himself if the cowboy intended to keep on the boots and hat. He made his way over to the cooler by one of the misting stations and popped open a can. He sat, and he let his head fall back, and his sombrero fall forward to cover his eyes and enjoyed the slight breeze on the more secluded side of the site. 

He must have dozed off, because the next thing he became aware of was a loud commotion heading his way. He jerked awake to the sight of what must be Austin backing quickly towards him as he shot two water pistols at Les, who was chasing him with what appeared to be a water cannon. Les ran out of water before they reached him and shrieked in pretend terror and headed back the way he came. Austin stood there laughing as he watched Les scurry away. Craig took a second to admire the back view of his get up. 

Damn if the man not only had on black cowboy boots and hat, but he also wore a black toy gun holster slung low over his lean hips. He spun the plastic six shooters around his fingers and slid them back in the holsters.

"Well, howdy there cowboy." Craig drawled making the smaller man aware of his presence. He raised his beer to his lips as Austin looked over his shoulder at him and grinned.

"That would be sheriff to you, Mr. Bandito," he shot back. Turning around he pointed to the silver star nipple guard around one of his pierced nipples. Craig swallowed hard taking in the sight of those pretty pink decorated peaks. Damn...just... damn. The black of the boots, hat, and belt made the pale skin, reddish blond hair, and bright green mischievous eyes a killer fucking vision.

"Aren't gentleman of the law supposed to tip their hats when they greet someone?" Craig returned gruffly and took another gulp of beer trying desperately to cover his growing arousal as he slowly let his gaze fall to check out the rest of the tight little body in front of him. 

"You're right! Where are my manners?" Austin tightened his thighs and belly muscles right as Craig's gaze traveled below his waist. Craig barely kept from spitting his beer at the man when Austin's cock bobbed at him, and Craig saw the little cowboy hat Austin had somehow affixed to the head of his penis.

"Fuck me running!" He exclaimed. He tossed his beer into a nearby trash can and strode over to get a better look. He almost dropped to his knees but thought better of it, and instead he led Austin to one of the quiet picnic table areas where he could examine him properly, and with a little more privacy. He pulled the Spanish moss aside and urged Austin up to sit on one end of the table top. At first the man looked a bit self conscious, but the hungry look on Craig's face must have reassured him. He scooted a little further back on the table, leaned back onto his elbows, and grinned seductively. He planted his booted feet on the table and let his legs fall open fully exposing himself to Craig. He shifted his hips back and forth making the engorged prick with its little hat wave proudly.

Craig stepped up to the end of the table and stared with all the intent of a starving man called to a five star meal. He whimpered as he noticed that the man's cock, balls and surrounding area were either very well shaved or maybe even waxed. He laid his hands lightly on Austin's legs right above the tops of his boots. He stared right into the man's green eyes and let his hands travel slowly up from there, pressing the lightly furred legs even further apart.

--------------------------------------------------

Austin's mouth fell open and he began to pant as the big man leaned over him. The huge, work roughened hands were hot on his skin, and his thigh muscles jumped and spasmed as Craig's hands began to slowly knead them in passing. The kneading motion stopped at the top of his thighs, and just the thumbs caressed up and down the crease where leg met groin. Despite the heat of the day Austin felt goose bumps rise and spread out to cover his body as he began to tremble. 

Craig's brown eyes darkened to almost pure black as he took in Austin's reaction. He tightened his grip and slowly pulled Austin towards him. Austin moved his legs to wrap around Craig's hips, and he groaned with Craig as their erections glided against each other. Craig rubbed his hands up Austin's stomach and chest pausing to tug and twist at the nipple rings. Austin arched and cried out pushing up into the touches. The other man dove down and claimed Austin's mouth in a brutal kiss, dislodging the sombrero and cowboy hat from their heads. The smaller man reached up and twisted his hands in Craig's hair moaning into his mouth. The kisses went on and on each one seemingly deeper than the last, till they had to break away to catch their breaths. 

Austin saw that while they were caught up in each other, the sun had set and their little hide away was lit by flickering lights. He turned his head to find the light source, and he found a couple of tiki torches embedded in the ground nearby. Fighting to gain control of his breathing he looked back up at Craig and froze. The man's inky sweat dampened hair and bronze skin shone in the firelight. His chest was still heaving with his shallow quick breaths, and reflected flames danced in the passion wild eyes. His hands bracketed Austin's head, and he looked like some sort of dark god bent on consuming the sacrifice stretched out beneath him. Austin tightened his legs and pulled Craig's groin tighter against his own so he could grind and thrust on the other man's heat. 

"Fuck!" Craig barked and lean to reach over Austin's head to fumble with something on the table behind him. His hand came back clutching a foil packet and a tiny bottle of lube.

"Now that's a mighty damn welcomed sight right there," Austin croaked out, rising back up on his elbows to watch. Craig laughed and straighten back up. He unwound the legs clinging to his back, popped open the lube, and dropped the condom beside where Austin's ass rested. He poured a bit of lube onto his hand and laughed again when he saw the little cowboy hat that was still clutching to the end of Austin's straining erection.

"That's either the funniest, the sexiest, or the most disturbing thing I have seen all day," he said still chuckling as he undid the little velcro strap holding it on. He hummed in pleasure at the precum dripping from the tip of the cock in front of him. He swiped at it with his thumb and brought it to his lips for a taste. He looked into Austin's flushed face and burning gaze and muttered 'nice' as he licked at the sweet fluid. He never broke eye contact when he grasped the other man's erection with his lube slicked hand and stroked him firmly. Bracing his boots back up on the table, Austin keened and thrust up in time with the firm pulls.

--------------------------------------------------

Goddamn. Craig watched in wonder as the body under him jolted and writhed. Just as he imagined it would be, that whiskey rough voice was sexy as hell crying out in pleasure. Here and there tiny streams of sweat caught the firelight and gleamed as they rolled off the pale body. The passion slitted eyes looked like emeralds, and the lush lips were swollen and bruised from their kisses. He bent down to lick at one of the lines of sweat, bit down hard, and sucked on a patch of skin right under one of Austin's nipples. He stopped stroking the shaft and concentrated on circling, and pressing on the sensitive glands under the ridge of the throbbing cock. 

While he worked the smaller man, he thought he saw something shift out of the corner of his eye, but he lost track of it when Austin stiffened and howled under him. Heat splattered between their bodies, and Craig hummed releasing the bit of skin caught in his mouth. He lifted back up as Austin collapsed to his back once again. Craig could not remember ever seeing anything more wantonly beautiful than the man sprawled before him. He used the remainder of the lube and hot cum to circle and press on the puckered pink opening of the prone man's body. 

"Ooooooh yeaaaaah," Austin groaned in that gravelly voice as he undulated and tried to get more of Craig's finger into his hungry hole. Craig twisted in and out for a few minutes then pulled all the way back to add another digit. "Yesssssssss," hissed the impaled man as he moved faster. Craig thought he heard movement behind him but was quickly distracted as the needy man dancing on his fingers called out to him."More. More. More. Dammit, give it to me." He begged voice horse and demanding.
