 I was so nervous. What the hell was I doing? No, I have to do this. I'm going to finally go through with it. It's been months since she's let me touch her. This is her fault. She drove me to do desperate things. I had to look elsewhere for affection. 

As I drove in the night, I told myself that I wasn't going to flake out. Not again. I flaked on a couple guys before, but not this time. I needed affection. I needed sex, even if it is from another man. I couldn't believe I couldn't find a woman for a one night stand. I've been reduced to this. Flirting and emailing other men online to get off.

I'd finally reached the address I was given. I texted my younger brother the address also. I lied to him and said I was buying something from a guy off of Craigslist, at least the Craigslist part was true. I parked the car in front of the house. The house looked empty. I looked at my watch, I had a couple hours before I had to go back home.

I texted the stranger I was to meet. He instructed me to walk up the driveway and head to the jacuzzi in the back. While doing so, I admired the big house and its surrounding. It was very well maintained. As I closed the wooden gate behind me, I saw him shrouded in the dark. He had a beer bottle in each hand as he walked towards me.

He was a few years older than me and reminded me of my grade school principal. He has kind eyes and an inviting smile. My fun time for the evening handed me the beer and asked, "Johnny?" I replied, "Yep, Bill?" He nodded and invited me over to the gazebo that housed the hot tub. Bill wore a bathrobe and shrugged it off to expose his whole body to me. He was of average build but had a little tummy, probably from the beers he'd consume all of these years.

I felt overdressed and started to take my clothes off also. My heart beat in my chest and thumped in my ears. As I was taking off my boxers, Bill started the jets in the hot tub and stepped in. I was finally as naked as he was and followed. His eyes drank me in while I sat under the foaming bubbles. He skooted over to sit by me and we started to talk about what we did for a living.

He owned a construction company and preferred the company of a younger man. I asked if he was married or ever had been and he explained that his wife had passed away years back. We switched topics to sports and then settled on why I was searching for cock on Craigslist. I explained about my loneliness with my wife and he understood.

Soon we started to talk about sex, like what he liked and what I would be open to try. Bill said he'd only do what I was comfortable with so I was in the driver seat. I was so damn horny, I wanted to already bounce up and down in his lap. I felt his hand on my thigh and I followed suit. His hands felt my leg up and down. I was a bit impatient and went right for his manhood.

Bill's cock wasn't fully erect so I sought after getting it to do so. I gently stroked him under the water as he started to feel mine. We were both getting pretty worked up. I felt my face turn red with lust. Bill got up and sat on the edge of the jacuzzi. I did too and we watched each other jack the other off. His cock was short but thick. I think mine is pretty average but a tad bit thicker than most, but not like his.

It felt so good having his hand on my throbbing cock. Some precum surfaced from the tip of my cock. Without saying a word, his head leaned in took me in his mouth. I was so surprised at how hot his mouth was. I let out a moan as my hands roamed his body since the angle he leaned in prevented me from stroking his cock. My left hand stroked his hair as my right explored his body.

He was an expert cocksucker. He bobbed and sucked in perfect intervals. If that wasn't enough he started to caress my balls. It took every ounce of my will to not explode in his mouth. I distracted myself by groping his ass. His moan let me know I should continue my exploration. My hand moved from his hand to his back and slowly made my way toward his crack.

Finally, I went for it and slid my middle finger between his cheeks. He adjusted and I had better access to his rosebud. I circled it and Bill let out a cry of pleasure. I circled and circled to tease him. I felt him ease up so my finger would just slip in, and it did. His mouth released my cock to moan loudly as I started to finger his hole.

Bill kissed and licked the tip of my cock to show me how pleased he was. He vigorously took me into his mouth again and began to suck while stroking my lower shaft. I was almost ready to cum so I really started to fuck his ass with my finger. I yelled," Oh...I'm cumming." but it was like he didn't hear me. I was fucking him passed my second knuckle and then I erupted deep in his mouth.

I could audibly hear him gulp down my cum as shockwave after shockwave coursed through my body. With every gulp, I shuddered from the intense feeling. Bill lifted his head and kissed me. I kissed back and tasted my own cum for the first time. Our tongue invading each other's mouths and grinding against each other.

I felt Bill's hands on my hips and he spun me around. I was knee deep in the water and then I felt his hands spread my ass. His tongue ran up from my balls to my entrance. I moaned with a uncontrollable lust. I didn't care what time it was or even if someone could see us. I wanted him. I wanted to be his slut.

He licked me up and down, then in and out. Bill kissed my balls as he started to slowly insert a finger in me. I moaned as he whisper, "Just relax honey. You're so tight. Mmmmm." I folded my arms and rested them in front of me as he continue to prepare me. Little by little, his finger slid in and out, furthering the process.

Bill licked and kissed my ass as he fucked me with his finger. Once he got that finger in all the way, he started to add another. I couldn't help but to moan. I heard something pop and then a cool sensation started to make it's way into my anal canal. The lube made it easier for him to slide in and out. I felt him circle in me and open me up more.

I felt him lightly nip my ass cheek and then the feeling of my ass being full was gone. Bill's hands palmed my cheeks, slid to my hips and back. His erect cock resting between my cheeks. He spread one side as he started to guide his cock with his other. The fat tip of his cock pushed up against my pleasure hole and for a second I didn't think it would fit. His calm voice whispered, "Just relax baby. Ohhhh so tight." I felt fire. I muffled a cry of pain as his tip entered me. He rubbed me back as he said, "You're doing great honey. You're taking this cock like a champ. Your ass is so tight. But I'll help with that."

I felt him add more lube as he pulled out a bit and then slid back in. I could feel every bit of him enter me. I couldn't believe it, I was being fucked. I actually have cock in me right now. It felt so full. Bill slowly rocked back and forth. I could only let out a small, "Please, oh please. So good." as the pain started to turn to pleasure.

"That's right baby. Take my cock like a good boy," Bill whispered. The sounds of our moans mixed with the sounds of the bubbling hot water. His hands slid under me and started to pinch and play with my nipples. I felt like such a slut, such a whore. I was cheating on my wife with an older man. She drove me to this.

Bill fucked me in slow and long thrusts. I started to move and meet him with every thrust, trying to take him deeper and deeper inside me. I wanted him balls deep. His weight started to weigh on me so I knelt on the bench part in the jacuzzi. Knowing I was in a stable position, he started to really give it to me. Thumps of his skin contacting with me thundered over the jets of the hot tub.

His hands gripped my shoulders as he rammed into me over and over again. The slut in me ordered, "Yes! Fuck me! Fuck my ass! Fuck me harder!" I was saying all of the things I wished my wife said to me when we fucked.

"Oh yes! Please! Give it to me! You like my ass? Yeah? You like fucking my ass," my inner slut yelled.

"Oh yes! I love your tight ass baby! Feels so fucking good," Bill's voice boomed as he bucked and continually slamming his cock in my ass. I never knew anal sex felt so good, so electrifying. My wife was missing out. Stupid bitch. 

Billed pummeled my insides like a jackrabbit. His growing moans alerted me that he was about to finish off this evening. The slut in me surfaced again to say, "Come on baby! Cum in me! Cum in my ass! Please cum in my ass!" As if on command, I felt his thrust in me one last time and flooded my hole with his cum.

Bill collapsed back as I felt his fluids leak out and seep down my legs. I could feel it flow out of me and I felt so gratified. Suddenly, I felt a bit exhausted. I sat where I was which was across from Bill. He reached out to grab two new beers. He opened them and handed one to me.

"So, what did you think," He asked. I told him that it was amazing and that I couldn't wait to do it again. He let me know I was welcome anytime. I gulped down my beer and told him I needed to get going. He moved over to me and asked if he could help clean up a little. Curious about what he meant, I said, "sure."

My new lover reached between my legs and then under me. His finger probed around and in my hole. I moaned as we kissed. Knowing that it was getting late, I pulled back and told him I really needed to get going. We got out and dressed. While I put my clothes on, he would grope and kiss whatever exposed skin he had access to. I couldn't help but giggle.

We talked towards the gate and kissed one last time for the evening. With our hands groping each other's asses, we planned for another visit in a week. As I drove home, I could still feel his cum in and between my ass. I couldn't wait for next time.