 It's fun writing here after a sexual encounter. It helps to remember how hot it was, and to share with others who also may enjoy themselves while reading what I have done.

I am a bi man living in South Jersey. There are a few adult book stores and places to go for a quick hook-up, but sometimes I don't feel like going there. Many times I will get to the bookstore and there won't be anyone that I am interested in. That is where the internet comes in. There are so many great sex sites out there where you can go to fine what you are looking for. Lately, I have been interested in craigslist. I enjoy posting what I am looking to do and then attaching a picture.

I usually post a small ad saying that I am looking to suck your cock and swallow your cum...nice and straight forward! I also add that I am a bottom, just in case I want to get fucked. I also always post a picture I have, usually a side shot so you can see my cock and ass. I will sometimes post a picture wearing a thong, in order to leave a little to your imagination. Within a few minutes, I usually receive a few replies, which is where this story starts.

A guy replied saying that he was free for a few hours while his wife was away. He attached a pic to show his nice black cock. His cock looked great and he said he was close to 8 inches, which is great for me! He also added that he was a quick cummer and that shoots a big load. I was looking for a quickie, so a quick cummer sounded perfect. That was the best reply I got, so I replied and we exchanged a few emails to set a meeting up. If you've read any of my other stories, that you will know that I love black cock!

He wasn't too far away, so I was able to drive to his house in about 10 minutes. I sat outside for a bit before going in. I always get a little nervous about going into a strangers house. I finally walk to the door, and he was waiting that with no shirt on and a pair of shorts. He had a real nice body. It was obvious we were both nervous at first. I followed him upstairs and he shut the blinds and pulled his shorts off. He had a nice cock which looked a lot better in person! He wasn't hard yet, but it was still pretty big. He came over to me and we embraced a bit, rubbing each other back and ass. His body looked good and felt better. He finally sat on the edge of the bed and opened his legs. I got on my knees and took his cock in my hands. He wasn't fully hard yet, so I stroked his cock for a bit before finally taking him in my mouth. He had a perfect cock to suck! I slowly went up and down on his cock, which was now big and hard. I slowly took his cock in and out of my mouth in order to get used to his size. I then started stroking his cock with my left hand while sucking and used my right had to play with his balls. 

I was really starting to get into it and was almost able to take his whole cock in my mouth. I continued to move up and down on his big cock with my mouth and hands. He was really getting into it and started to slowly fuck my mouth while holding the back of my head. After a few minutes of sucking, he started to groan, so I knew he was close to shooting his load. That is when I really get into it, knowing that I am about to get his load down my throat. I sucked and stroked him a little fasted and he said he was going to cum. He pulled the back of my head into his groin and shot his cum down my throat. He was a big cummer and probably shot about 5 or 6 times. He was spent and started to get soft after a few seconds. I took his cock out of my mouth and enjoyed his cum for a few seconds before swallowing. He cock was softer, but still looked great, so I put it back in my mouth to get whatever cum was left. I slowly stroked and sucked whatever cum was left in his cock.

He was spent and just laid back for a few seconds, so I just admired his fit body and nice cock. I also realized that I never even pulled my own cock out. I was hard as a rock and stretching my pants! He pulled his pants up and I wiped my mouth and walked downstairs. I told him I would love to meet up again, so hopefully we do.