 For weeks before it had finally happened I had spent time in the shower secretly rubbing my chub titties and fantasizing about being molested by another man. I had never touched another cock other than my own and the idea of being treated like a girl had always made me so aroused. When masturbating I had never experienced harder orgasms than while I had my finger in my fat ass or while I sucked my thumb like it was a rock hard cock. 

I was trolling craigslist one day while my family was out. There were only a few people in the world who knew of my desires and none of them were in my life at the time, so it was my secret to keep and I had kept it well. With recent news of an upcoming event that would keep my family out of the house for hours, I had decided to post and see what I might be able to set up. 

The ad was simple and to the point. Roughly an hour later I had received a few responses. Nothing special at first; A guy who wanted to, but couldn't be free when I needed; Another who was a completely impatient jerk who got mean with me, then there was Shaun. 

Shaun seemed like a real straightforward person. He was a very friendly black guy who was honest enough to let me know that he was in a wheelchair. He wasn't confined to the chair, however, he just needed one to get around. I was intrigued, so we set up a meet at my house. I had never felt so comfortable about someone online and figured if he was some kind of psycho I could probably defend myself against a guy in a wheelchair. The morning came and I had helped my family on their way. After a quick shower, I sent Shaun my address and he came over. 

I was so nervous as I watched him pull into the driveway. "Oh my god, oh my god." I murmured. "This is it. I'm finally doing this..." I shut the door behind him and he moved from his chair to the couch. I sat next to him as we chatted a bit and I lit a joint I had rolled before he arrived. I passed it to him and he took a huge hit of smoke that billowed out from his lips. 

"So, let's see what you got.." he said to me as I hit the joint. 

"What do you want to see?"

"Shit, let's see everything." He answered. I sat forward and pulled off my shirt. Then stood up and took off my pants and underwear and sat back down beside him. He watched me for a second as I smiled at him, then, he leaned forward and took off his clothes using the wall for support. As he sat back down on the couch, I was shaking now more than ever as his large cock sat comfortably against his balls.

"Can I touch it?" I asked, stupidly, as if he would have said no.

"Yeah..." 

I grabbed his soft cock. It was warm and big in my hand. At least 7 inches and slowly getting harder as I stroked him. "Let's see your head game..." he whispered. I lowered myself so that his cock was only inches from my mouth. I put my tongue against the bottom of his cock and licked all the way to the tip. He let out a moan of pleasure as I took his manhood into my mouth and started working my tongue around his head. 

His cock felt so big in my mouth and as it grew, I found myself moaning and sucking harder and faster as my head bobbed like a buoy on his shaft. 

As I sucked him passionately, I felt his hand touching the back of my head and rubbing my hair. Without warning he grabbed the back of my head and forced me down onto his cock. I began to gag as it was being pressed into the back of my throat. Oddly enough, I had only became more aroused as I came back up for air and tried to let him throat fuck me over and over again. 

"Mmm, yeah. Bend over the couch and let me see that ass.." He said to me. I pulled myself from his crotch and bent over the couch. He was sitting back in his wheelchair so that my ass was face-level to him. I could hear him stroking his hard cock behind me as he looked at my eager-ass in the air. Without warning I felt him grab my ass cheeks and spread them apart. Then he darted his tongue into my ass and I remember seeing colors. It felt so good to feel his tongue licking up and down my asshole and I moaned in delight each time I felt his tongue enter me.

It wasn't too long that we had decided to take the party to the bedroom.I climbed onto the bed and put myself into the doggy-style position as he leaned against the dresser for support. He lubricated his cock with some lotion and then he rubbed my asshole with a generous amount. Then I felt his hands on my back as he positioned himself against me. His cock poked at my hole then I felt the pressure as he began to enter me. I began to moan as it worked its way into me and then suddenly popped into my ass. I could feel his whole length in my ass as he shoved hard to make sure it was all in. His hips were pressing hard into my ass cheeks as he held them spread open. He began moving his hips up and down and I could feel every inch of him rubbing me from the inside as he did.

I moaned and whimpered as he began to thrust his cock in and out of me, only stopping at times to force himself all the way in and hold it there as I quivered and cried out in ecstasy. He had been so rough with my ass that I remember we started doggy-style and we had wound up with me face down on the bed as he fucked my ass hard. 

"Ungh... Yeah, who ass is this?" He asked me as he held his cock in me.

"Your ass..." I whimpered as he trusted me twice, hard.

"Yeah, that's my ass..." He said as he began to violently hump my asshole. 

"Yeah... Yeah... Oh yeah... fuck it..." I whimpered between thrusts. He pulled himself out of me and sat me back up in doggy position and fucked me some more. This time he was stroking my cock as he fucked me. I couldn't hold it any longer once he started to jerk on me and I remember cumming all over his hand. After cumming I had relaxed a little more and he continued to fuck away at me. After a few more short moments of pounding my now devirginized asshole, he rolled over onto the bed beside me. "C'mon... get this dick.. Suck it."

I hesitated at first thinking his cock was just in my ass and now it's going back in my mouth. "Fuck it..." I thought and bent back down onto his crotch and sucked his cock until he was filling my mouth with cum. I really didn't even know he had shot a load into my mouth until I realized he was moaning with pleasure and his cock started to get soft. It had shot all over the inside of my cheek and I realized it when I sat up and felt it swirl around my tongue. I'm not sure why, but, I remember chuckling as I leaned over and spit it into a towel. He must have thought it was pretty funny too as I remember him chuckling when he heard me spit.

Soon, we were both dressed and after some friendly chat, he was leaving. We still chat secretly via email and we are planning another get together soon for more fun.