 This story is based on real life events. All parties are adults. Names are changed to protect the guilty.



My name is Roy. I have been married for 24 years. This is the story of how I came to crave and need cock.

I was a straight male most of my life. I dated girls and eventually met and married one I loved. I still love her.

My journey started about ten years ago. I was young and dumb. Happily married to my wife for fifteen years, or so I thought. I got a call from her that night, she said she was out with friends at a local restaurant. I was at home watching the kids and didn't think anything of it. As the night wore on, I wondered about why she was out again. It wasn't the first time and it wasn't like she was the only one that ever went out with friends, we had a mutual understanding, we spent time together but we also spent time with friends. There really wasn't any reason to be concerned but for some reason I was uneasy. Things just didn't feel right. It was getting late and she was still out with friends. One of them was my own sister so why should I worry right?

I put the kids to bed and then watch tv. Uneasy about being home alone on a Friday night. I'm not sure why I decided to drive over to the restaurant, I just had a feeling. I parked in the back and waited. I had a clear view to the door and her car. I saw my sister walk out with some friends and leave. I saw some other colleagues of hers walk out and leave. I waited patiently. Finally, I saw her walk out with a friend. He walked her to her car and kissed her. I was devastated.

I had the kids at home and didn't really know what to do. I should have confronted them their but instead I drove home and locked all the doors. I sent her away when she came home and threatened a divorce. 

I don't know why I decided to let her back in the next morning. I think the kids had a lot to do with it. I knew they needed a mother as much as they needed me and it wasn't like I hadn't messed around a bit while we were married.

I realized that I had dropped the ball. That my wife was looking for something that I hadn't given her. I decided that I would change that. That she would get what she needed. I didn't want my kids to grow up in a broken home.

I recruited my friend Jake to help me fuck my wife. I wanted her to be sexually satisfied. Jake was a long time friend from work. I had to play things carefully to make sure that she would take the bait and agree to have sex with him. I don't know if she agreed because she really wanted him or because she was willing to do anything to make up for her transgression but she fucked him in a hotel while we were visiting some friends. We had all been drinking and headed back to our hotel rooms. I asked him if he wanted to have a few more drinks with us and he agreed. She did all the work from their (we had talked about it and planed the whole thing before). She worked her magic and had him hard as a rock in no time. I gave them some space and watched him fuck her from the reflection in the mirror while sitting in the "living room" of our hotel room. When they were done she came to bed and I got sloppy seconds. It was the hottest sex I'd had in a long time. I really enjoyed having second hand pussy. She was wet and slippery as I penetrated her. The thought of slipping around in his spunk added to the excitement and I quickly came inside her.

When we got home we arranged another encounter. We had been out dancing with a group of friends at a local club. When it was over I let him know we would be going home and having some drinks. He joined us after dropping off his date and fucked my wife on our bed. He was "shy" and didn't want me in the room with them while he fucked her. I watched from the bedroom door, being careful to hide in the darkness as I watched him pound her pussy.

He turned out to be a poor lay. He didn't last very long and wasn't very big. I still enjoyed the live pornography but my wife didn't want to keep fucking him because he just wasn't very exciting.

I asked her to find someone to invite into bed. It took her awhile before she brought me some choices, guys she worked with that she thought were eager to get to know her better. I picked a guy who was former military (got to support our troops). Once we decided on a target it took a while to work our plan but eventually we all took a trip to watch a football game together. We shared a hotel room in the interest of saving money and that night we shared my wife. 

She started by blowing me while he was in the shower. She continued when he came out and headed to bed. She slurped loudly as she licked my shaft. I decided to jump in the shower to cool off. When I came back out of the shower she was sucking his cock. I watched them from the recliner in the room. After several minutes I shoved my dick in her pussy while she sucked him off. He came in her mouth and I came in her pussy before we all fell asleep. 

That was the beginning of four months of regular sex adventures. We took turns fucking her in front of one another regularly. She seemed to enjoy having two cocks to play with. 

After awhile both she and I got bored with what became regular play. We would find some reason to go out together and then adjourn to our room for a predictable fuck session. She would blow me, blow him while I fucked her, and then swallow my load while he finished in her pussy. It was like clockwork, so after a few months we both decided that things were over.

We spent a few months just fucking each other before the topic came up again.

She asked me to find someone to invite in to our bedroom. 

My friend Aaron and I had worked together as long as me and Jake as a matter of fact, the three of us were friends. Aaron didn't know anything about what had happened between Jake and my wife but I knew that Aaron thought she was sexy too.

I invited Aaron and his wife on a cruise with us. He and his wife had just had a baby but they agreed to come along with the kids. Partying on the trip didn't mesh well with taking care of the kids so Aaron spent a lot of time hanging out with us and leaving his wife alone to care for the kids.

One night while on the trip, he left his wife alone with the kids to come hang with my wife and I. We ended up in our room fucking her together. She mounted him while I fucked her in the ass doggy style. His wife was in the adjacent room and heard my wife moaning as we fucked her. They got a divorce shortly after.

He proved to be just the guy we needed. He had a huge cock and lots of stamina. It didn't take long before we were tag teaming my wife. He was recently divorced and needing to let off some steam and we were always willing to play so we ended up having regular fuck sessions together.

One night we had all been out drinking before heading home for some bedroom fun. Aaron jumped in our shower and my wife and I started some fun in the bedroom. When he stepped out of the shower he found her slurping on my cock. He sat on the edge of the bed and watched her suck my cock for a few minutes. After a few minutes she called him over and started sucking both our cocks at the same time. It was the first time I watched my cock rub against another mans penis. It was incredibly exciting. She asked him to lie down and mounted him. I approached from behind and penetrated her asshole as he fucked her pussy. I felt my balls slap against his. He reached around her ass and wrapped his fingers around my penis as I plunged in and out of her. Later, I felt his hands at my waist, guiding me in and out of her tight asshole. I came in her ass and passed out drunk. 

The next night my wife and I fucked each other hard as she recounted the hot sex she had with my friend Aaron after I passed out. They had gone down stairs to avoid waking me. He pounded her pussy before unloading his hot cum in her mouth.

Aaron was a winner. He could fuck my wife good and make her happy. We had plenty of sex together over the next year. She really enjoyed getting pounded and he and I grew more and more comfortable with the incidental contact between us as we fucked her.

Fast forward to the last night the three of us spent together.

We had been out dancing and drinking and headed back to our place. We played pool at the house and drank some more. Eventually, we ended up in the bedroom fucking my wife in unison as we had many times before. I asked her to straddle my face so I could eat her pussy. He positioned himself from behind and began fucking her doggy style. We were all a bit drunk but I was well aware of what was going on. As he fucked her, I ate away at her pussy with a feverish pace. She came on my face, grinding her pussy into my lips. I continued to lick her clit as Aaron kept fucking her. She moaned loudly. He slipped out of her pussy and rubbed his dick across my face. I didn't thin anything of it, just an accident. We had a lot of incidental contact over the year fucking my wife. I didn't think this was any different. 

He pounded her a few more minutes before slipping out again. His shaft worked its away across my face. My tongue accidently tasting his cock. He tasted like my wife's pussy, yummy. He grabbed his cock and slid it back into her hole. I swiped my tongue back over her clit. He slipped out again, this time his cock ended up in my mouth. I tasted her juices and licked his shaft. I like what I tasted. It was more than just pussy juice, it was pussy juice and cock.

I wanted more.

We fucked my wife until she was exhausted. She sucked and stroked our cocks together. I watched the tip of Aaron's cock press against mine as her tongue swirled around both of us. He reached around and grabbed my ass and we came together depositing our spunk in her mouth. She swallowed both of our loads and we all fell asleep together.

The next day, she was apprehensive about the "gay" behavior we had showed.

She never fucked the two of us again.

It was four years before Aaron expressed his desire to me but he finally told me that he had been thinking of me and wanted to explore some things with me.

I had secretly been thinking of that last night too. I could taste his cock in my mouth and wanted to taste it again.

We agree to meet up in a hotel room. Just him and I. I was supposed to be on a business trip but went to see him instead. I was nervous when I entered his hotel room. I felt awkward when he stepped to me and undid my pants. He started sucking my cock and kneeding my ass. I let him suck me for a few minutes before I realized what I really wanted.

I pushed him off me and unbuckled his pants. I slid my hands around his waist and pulled his boxer shorts down. His penis popped out in a glorious erection. I kneeled in front of him and took his cock into my mouth. I swirled my tongue around the head before plunging it to the back of my throat. I lubed it with my spit as I worked my mouth up and down his shaft. I made a sloppy mess as I sucked and spit on his dick. I tried to remember and use all of the techniques my wife had demonstrated on me over the years. Within a few minutes Aaron's spunk was splattering all over the back of my throat. I emptied his balls and enjoyed every minute of it. I thought about him fucking my wife. I thought about him slipping out of her pussy and ending up n my mouth. I decided that I didn't need pussy juice to enjoy his cock.

I have been sucking Aaron off once or twice a month. We never fuck my wife together anymore. Instead he and I go on regular guy adventure alone. He lets me suck him off and in turn I let him suck me too. He isn't that good as blowing me but I really enjoy eating his cum. 

Next week I'm going to get him drunk before asking him to fuck me in the ass. I know he wants to do it but he just needs me to let him. I hope his hard cock doesn't hurt me to much. He has a monster cock I want inside of me.