 I had just turned eighteen and I'd been watching more than my fair share of pornography. I began to realize that while watching a man and a woman together I'd often get myself off to the idea of being the woman.

I wasn't sure if it was the submissive aspect of it all or just wanting to experience things from the other end of the spectrum because i'd never found myself even remotely attracted to other males before. The idea of being with another man didn't disgust me but it delight me either.

One night I went to the local video store and rented a copy of a gang bang video about a girl that gives oral sex to twenty men in one sitting. The entire time I watched her suck cock my mouth watered. I watched the video until the very end; orgasm after orgasm and I couldn't stop thinking about being the young lady in the video; pleasuring all of those big dicks one after the other.

Over the next couple of days it became all I could think about, even while my girlfriend gave me a blowjob I couldn't stop thinking about how lucky she was to have that meat in her mouth. I've never had a craving or desire like this. I was growing obsessed with the idea of orally pleasuring men.

I knew a few gay guys from school but the thought of someone my own age just didn't work for me. I needed an older, mature man who would appreciate my young mouth and the satisfaction and pleasure I was offering him but how do I find an older gentleman willing to let me give my first blowjob?

I've known my friends uncle to be gay but how do I approach him about this? 

"Hi, I heard you're a faggot. Can I suck your dick?" is it going to be that easy?

Well, That's how easy I'm going to make it.

Saturday evening I went out for a few drinks to get some liquid courage and once the alcohol and extreme craving for cock began to take hold I left the bar for his place.

What am I doing? I'm going to someone I barely knows house and offering them oral sex and what if I get rejected? There are a million things that could go wrong with this plan but the idea of that man meat in my mouth kept me salivating. 

I knocked on his door and he answered.

"Dwayne, I was just walking by and I was wondering if I could use your washroom." I said with butterflies filling my stomach.

"You're Mike's friend, Steve, right? Yes, come in!" he said and after I removed my shoes he lead me to the washroom. 

Dwayne is in his mid fifties and has no long term partner. He's balding and what hair he has left is grey. He's a thin, tall man who could gain a few pounds but overall I suppose he's not unattractive.

Once in the washroom I stripped completely nude. I brace myself and think about what I was doing. You're cold-calling cock and if this goes wrong this could go really wrong.

I walk out of the washroom naked and start down the hall towards the living room where Dwayne is seated on the couch.

"Did you find everything alright?" he asks before realizing I'm not wearing anything at all.

"Well, There's one thing I was looking for..." I said as I got on my knees in front of him.

He looks me up and down. I have a very petite, feminine frame, shoulder length hair and an ample booty. My cock is cut but very short.

"I had a feeling about you." he said with a laugh as he pulls his pajama pants down to reveal his six inch cock surrounded by old grey bush.

I look down at his penis and then up into his eyes and he laughs. 

"Did I win the twink lottery?" he asks and his penis begins to grow.

"I can't believe I'm doing this!" I say as I guide his penis into my mouth with my tongue. I wrap my lips around his shaft as it grows harder until he's stiff as a rock in my mouth. I loved every moment of feeling his uncircumcised penis grow in my mouth to the point his foreskin withdrew so I could taste his mushroom cap.

I slide my tongue up and down his urethra, being gentle but playful with his pee hole. Then I begin to lick all over his cock, making sure to taste it and enjoy it. I lick down his shaft to his balls which taste like sweat and Vaseline; he must have been playing with it when I got here.

I put his cock back into my mouth and slowly inch my head forward more and more until I gag on it at the back of my throat and then I slide my tongue forward to play with his balls while continuing to deep throat his shaft.

He moans and his cock pulses; I slow down and savor it. I give his penis and balls gentle kissing pecks all over, showing it that I love it before sucking his entire shaft back into my mouth and bobbing my head from his mushroom cap down to his balls just like the girls I watch in my videos do.

His moans increase and I use my hand to stroke his shaft while I playfully lick and suck his balls.. I lick from one ball to the other and suck each one individually into my mouth when I arrive at it; slowly stroking his cock with my wet fist.

i guide his cock back into my mouth with my tongue and start to bob my head faster, taking every inch of him into my eighteen year old mouth when suddenly and abruptly he moans "I'm going to cum!" and he stares down at me.

I don't know which I want more; to swallow his hot load or to take it all over my face but I've got to decide quickly because i can taste his thick pre-cum shooting out of him. I decide I want to feel the heat of his load on my face and I grab his shaft with my hand and quickly jerk him off, moving my face back I close my eyes and smile as his load splashes on my lips, cheeks and chin.

I slow my hand down and look into his eyes as I lick around my lips.

"How was that?" I ask with a grin.

"Amazing, You really know your way around a cock." he says, still cooling down from his orgasm.

"Thank you, That was my first time." I say as I get up to return to the washroom for my clothes.

"Did you want me to return the favor?" he asks.

"No, it's okay. I've got to be going but would you mind if I stopped in and did it again sometime?" I ask him as I put on my shoes.

"You can come by and suck my cock any time you want, Steve." he says with a laugh as he gets up to close the door behind me.

I'd finally done it. I've finally sucked a mans cock but this craving it hasn't gone away. The entire walk home all I could think about was more cock, being surrounded by cocks and how good it felt to make him blow his load.

I think this may become my new favorite pass time.