 It's been almost two weeks since I've seen Dwayne and sucked cock for the first time. Now, I find myself staring at the crotch of every older gentleman I see as if they're supposed to whip it out and dangle it in front of my face.

This Saturday coming I'm going to go visit Dwayne again and see if he needs my assistance. it's Friday night and I've jerked off more times than you can imagine. Shaking my eighteen-year-old cum loose and swallowing every drop; imagining it all belonged to Dwayne and thinking about letting him do whatever he wants to my young, barely legal body.

Eventually I fall asleep; half naked and covered in Vaseline with a raw dick and sore nipples. Thank goodness my mother doesn't come in my room on Saturday mornings to wake me for school.

I wake up and head straight to the shower; shaving whatever hair my young, petite body produce. Thankfully my ample bottom doesn't grow any hair. I even shaved my armpits!

I get dressed and put on a pair of my little sisters dirty panties. I've never felt so sexy - Could I be a cross-dresser? I feel her thong between my ass cheeks and it's making me hot and bothered as I walk down the street to Dwaynes.

Once there, I knock at the door quietly and Dwayne comes to answer. He's watching heterosexual porn; I can hear it clearly from the bedroom.

"Hey Steve, here to use the washroom again." He chuckles.

"No, I'm here to suck your cock! You have to let me, please." I beg of him as if it wasn't already a sure thing.

Dwayne walks back to the couch and glances up and down my body. 

"You ever take anything in that cute little booty?" He asks with a grin.

"Just a carrot, fingers and other things around the house." I say while feeling more nervous than I anticipated. I'd thought about him usin my ass last night when I jerked off but I didn't expect it to become a reality so quickly.

"Strip!" Dwayne insists and I oblige.

"Wait!" He says when he sees my pink panties.

"... Leave those on. Get on the couch and bend over so I can rub your bubble-butt while you suck my cock."

I do as I'm told and crawl up on the couch beside him. He unzips his pants and drops them to the floor! My mouth is watering as his underwear come off. I can't stop salivating.

His cock is completely soft and I bend down to slurp it between my lips. I playfully use my tongue on it and feel it begin to grow inside of my warm, wet mouth. I slowly slurp from the base of his cock to the head, stretching it out and feeling it grow harder and harder.

Dwayne rubs my bottom before spanking. "Mmm" I moan.

"You like that?" He asks as he spanks me again.

"Yes, Daddy!" I say ... Completely worried that calling him daddy could be a turn off for him.

"Yeah, That's right. I'm your Daddy." Dwayne says as he pulls my thong aside.

"Who's panties?" He asks as he casually circles my butthole with his index finger.

"My little sisters." I moan and continue to suck his now fully erect penis into my mouth. I slide my mouth over the head and give it little kisses with my puckered lips as Dwayne gently fingers my tiny asshole.

"Stop sucking for a minute and come with me." He says while lovingly lifting my head from his crotch.

"... Okay?" I say inquisitively.

We get up and walk to the bedroom and as we get closer I hear the moans of women from the television getting louder and louder.

"Lay like that, how she's laying." Dwayne says while pointing at a woman in the missionary position on the television with her legs almost behind her head and of course, I do as I'm told.

My young body is very flexible and I contort to put my legs all the way behind my head to Dwaynes amazement. Her grabs some Vaseline from the night stand and pulls my thong aside before sniffing at the crotch right where my sister's pussy would rest.

Dwayne cakes my asshole in Vaseline and starts to finger me with one finger and then a second and then a third. 

"Tightest boy-hole I've ever felt." He says with a grin and I look over to the television watching the young couple Fuck for a moment; That's when I realize when it comes to get intercourse I'm the girl.

Dwayne positions himself beneath me and begins to poke his hard cock around my asshole before I can feel a lot of pressure and then with a sharp pain that goes right to my abdomen he pops inside of my hole. He then positions himself over to of me and starts to thrust into my booty-hole.

I am no longer a virgin and be his cock no longer hurts the circumference of my asshole but just in the depths of my stomach where I can feel him slamming into my unadjusted organs but still I love every second of and I begin to moan like I'm a girl as he fucks me. Dwayne moves my hand over to my penis so I'll start playing with myself as he thrusts me.

I'm completely soft at this point but I'm still enjoying myself very much. I'm enjoying this. I'm enjoying a completely gay encounter and I'm the bitch I thought to myself while he fucked me!

Dwayne pulls out of my ass quickly and starts to jerk off his cock over top of mine; He shoots his load everywhere. My face, my chest but most of it lands on my cock.

I lay breathing heavily covered in cum with my dick in my hand. Dwayne moves my hand and takes my now, rock hard cock into his mouth. I can feel the scruff of his facial hair on my balls.

He moved his head up and down and doesn't give nearly as passionate or playful blowjob as I give him but still I lay back and let him do it.

"Fun for Daddy!" He says. 

"Are you going to cum for Daddy?" He asks while jerking my cock very quickly and I can't help but start to buck my hips, humping his hand and I moan "Yes, Daddy!" So loud the neighbors must be able to hear it!

I open my mouth and lean forward to catch as much of it as I can in between my lips. Dwayne then feeds me the remaining mixture of both our cum before smacking me on the ass saying "Good job, boy! Time to get dressed."

I let my stiff legs down and pull my panties back between my ass cheeks but not before feeling my butthole. It feels loose and soggy, almost. 

We walk back into the living room and while I get dressed Dwayne tells me that wednesday nights he has a friend who comes over that would love to meet me!

I ask no questions. I just tell him I'll be there and I start my homosexual day dream that is my walk home, still able to feel a little bit of cum leaking from my cock and releasing all of the air and Vaseline Dwayne got in my booty.