 I sat in the bar watching the hockey game, waiting for Jim to arrive.

I wondered what he felt watching these games. Jim was actually drafted to play professionally, until a knee injury ended his career. Even half a lifetime later, he was still solidly built, and at 6'2" was an impressive specimen.

And I knew how solid he was more than most. Three years ago I'd spent an afternoon with him sharing my girlfriend. She'd met both of us online, and eventually my relationship with her became physical. She continued chatting with Jim however, and eventually I started speaking to him online as well. We shared a lot of things in common, including it seems being bi. It wasn't long before we realized that the three of us should move things from the internet to the bedroom. So Jory invited Jim to join us.

My oral bicuriosity started in university, when my girlfriend at the time turned out to be an absolute blowjob queen. She used to get so turned on giving me head, I couldn't help but be intrigued by the sense of control, power and desire she used to feel. And I wanted to know what it was like for myself. It took me a decade, but Jory and Jim made it happen.

I'll never forget what it was like kissing Jory, tasting his precum on her warm lips and tongue as it explored my mouth. Jim lying on his back, his cock standing up proudly between Jory and I, lying on either side of him. Licking up and down his shaft, we alternated taking his big head into our mouths. His cock was so much bigger than mine. Picture perfect. It had to be a good eight or nine inches long, and was so very thick around. I remember being surprised at how spongy the head of his cock was as I sucked him and rolled my tongue around it.

The last time I saw Jim's monster cock, he was cumming across Jory's tits near the end of our threesome. It was fascinating watching his cum spurt out across her chest and neck. 

That was almost three years ago. We'd stayed in touch, emailing intermittently, but I hadn't seen him since. Fact of the matter was, he had been out of sight but not out of mind. There was no denying it to myself--I wanted that big cock again. Once or twice I'd made veiled comments to that effect in an email, but he'd either not picked up on them or chosen not too. Sometimes I'd look at old pictures he'd emailed Jory and I. My favourite was one where he was stroking his cock, and a drop of precum was just forming at the tip. There were times when I'd look at that pic, and jerk off fantasizing about sucking him off to completion.

I saw him come in the door of the bar, and rose to catch his attention. He came over and gave me a firm handshake. He was still as powerful as ever. Physically, I was actually a bit taller and larger than Jim, but he was certainly harder and more cut. 


We just sat and talked for quite a while, about the game, about work, eventually about Jory. She'd broken it off with me quite some time ago, so I like Jim could only reminisce about her. Conversation danced around our threesome for a while, but the general sexual nature of our discussion of Jory combined with a pitcher of beer was certainly affecting Jim.

"So," I asked at one point,"you seeing anyone right now?"

"Nah," he said. "No one for quite some time."

"Really? Well, who's been taking care of that monster of yours?"

"Me." He gave a rueful laugh and held up his right hand. I decided to press forward, with a deep breath.

"Seems like a shame no one's been able to enjoy that perfect cock."

He shrugged, and I could tell was teetering between feeling awkward and just letting things go, so I continued on. I leaned forward, idly running my hand up and down the bottle of my cooler. I raised it to my mouth, licking my lips suggestively before taking a haul on it. I felt a bit silly, flirting like a clueless teen, but with a pronounced swallow I lowered the bottle again.

"Ever think about being with a man again Jim?"

He paused a bit. "I have Bob, but I guess I just preferred doing it as part of a threesome again if it was going to happen. I think I'd just be more comfortable with a woman around."

"No argument there Jim. But neither of us seem to have one of those these days. No Jory to help out. Maybe...maybe you know, this once. Maybe we could..."

He didn't say anything. He didn't agree, but then again I could see he was thinking. He certainly wasn't leaving.

"Just let me suck your cock one more time Jim, please. Your cock...it's so... I've fantasized about you over the years, about having you in my mouth. Please. You don't have to do anything in return, just let me suck you."

Again, he said nothing. Just sat and drank his beer, looking at me, thinking. Finally, he reached under the table, coming up with his wallet. He threw some money down, and said "let's go."

Excitedly, I followed him out of the bar to his car. We hopped in, and he drove to an industrial area a short distance away. His office was in one of the commercial units. He opened the door, and we stepped in to the dark foyer. He turned on a light, and led me past the reception desk, down the hall to his private office. I stepped in and he closed the door, flipping on the light. 

"Sit," he said, nodding towards the chair behind his desk. I rolled the leather chair out from the desk and sat. He came and sat at the edge of the desk in front of me. He reached down and undid his pants, sliding them down his thighs. His underwear follwed, and his semi-erect cock popped free.

"I haven't had a good blowjob in a while Bob. Suck my dick for me."

I leaned forward in the chair and took his tool in my hand. I'd forgotten how heavy he was. I began stroking his shaft while kissing around the head, encouraged by his soft moans.

Like in that old picture, a drop of precum appeared and I felt faint with desire. I immediately plunged down on his cock and took as much of him into my mouth as I could. It probably wasn't much, but I tried. His cock filled my mouth, and I savoured both his taste and the warm firmness of his big member. His hand came down at the back of my head, and he began controlling the speed and depth of my bobbing, trying to get deeper into my mouth.

As I struggled to adjust, I reached down and pulled out my own throbbing dick. I was absolutely soaked with my own excitement.

"Fuck me," Jim said. I was startled, I'd never done more than give a couple of blowjobs, and certainly didn't see things going this way. I guess he could see my hesitation. "C'mon Bob, I can see how hard you are. Don't you want to get off too? I've always wanted to know what it felt like to get fucked by another guy." 

He turned and leaned back on his desk, propping his feet at the edges and scooting his ass forward as far as he could. His cock had come to rest on his belly, and he resumed stroking himself while he waited to be taken. I walked forward, and began rubbing the head of my cock against his ass. I was wet enough to help lube his virgin asshole, and my cock was maybe average size at best. Soon I could feel his ass yielding to my pressure, and my head began to slip inside him.

He let out a deep sigh, and I paused to let him adjust. He nodded, and I pressed forward a bit farther. Within a few minutes, I was fully inside him. I was surprised how hot and tight it was, and I knew I wouldn't be able to last long. So I figured I best get to fucking before I came just sitting inside him. Wrapping my arms around his thighs, I began taking short strokes in and out. Jim was moaning constantly.

I looked down at his big cock, his balls hanging down between us as my cock moved in and out of his ass. I pushed his hand away from his cock, and picked up the stroking for him. In rythym I was fucking his ass and jerking him off. I didn't want him to cum too soon, so I teased him lightly. Just enough to keep him going. 

"I'm going to cum Jim," I warned.

"Go ahead Bob, yesssssssss."

I picked up my pace, and with a cry of my own, emptied myself into his ass, as deep as I could. When the waves of my orgasm subsided, I moved to his side, and bent down to take him back in my mouth. My hand moved with an urgency on his shaft now, pumping him firmly while I sucked on the head. He pushed my head lower on him, and I struggled to breathe around him.

He raised his hips. "Uhhhhhhhhh, I'm going to cum Bob!"

I wanted him to, so I kept my mouth locked around his cockhead. I could feel his balls tense under my touch, and suddenly he flooded my mouth with hot cum. I sputtered, and lost some down onto his shaft and stomach. He didn't seem to mind, and continued to spurt his load for me. I was surprised how sticky his cum was in my mouth, and at the slight bitterness, but I did manage to swallow some down.

He collapsed back onto his desk, and I sat in the chair again. I continued to lightly stroke his softening cock as he lay there. I didn't know if I'd ever feel it again. After a bit we cleaned up, and he drove me back to get my car. Another firm handshake, and he was gone.

I wondered if this satisfied my cock craving, or awoken it further???