 When I woke Sunday morning, I was completely nude. I'd showered and removed my makeup before bed. The image in the mirror as I pissed standing up was totally male. I was clearly a man, in appearance at least. Sure, I was totally hairless, but that didn't make me less male. 

Inside I didn't feel manly. I didn't feel independent, willful, or strong. I felt vulnerable and it was erotic and intoxicating. As a straight man, being fucked by another man should have been horrifying, but the level of submission required to take cock up my sore ass was electric. My mind was never at rest, I had so many questions about myself and my new situation. 

I had sucked dick, and enjoyed it. Even swallowing cum brought me pleasure. Not because I like cum, but because I had to allow another man to put his cum in my mouth before I could swallow it. I wanted to suck cock again. I wanted to submit to being used again. 

My asshole hurt. There was no doubt Roger's cock was much bigger than average. He'd torn my anus when he took my cherry. But even with the discomfort, I wanted it again. Not because I was attracted to Roger, or because I loved him, but because he fucked hard and I wanted to feel helpless at the hands of a strong man. 

Was I now gay, or bi? I didn't feel gay. I didn't look at men with hunger. I didn't want a meaningful relationship with a man. I just wanted to be walked over, spit on, and humiliated by someone stronger than me. I wanted to submit to someone I couldn't over power or fight back against. I wanted to be used in such a way that I had no choice but to take what I was given. 

Sally watched the video of me getting my cherry popped the night before while I was showering. She loved it. She kept laughing at how excited I was to get my asshole destroyed by our future brother-in-law. As I finished pissing, I could hear the TV from the other room. She was watching it again. 

Dressing normally, I made a decision. I wasn't going to over think things, I was just going to enjoy what I was experiencing. 

Sally: Damn bitch, I can't believe how hard he was ramming his cock into you, look at you getting banged against that table. You look so fragile. 

Me: I'm heading back over to Roger and Larry's place. It was a mess when I left and I feel bad I didn't stay to help clean up. I'll probably be a couple hours. 

The look on my wife's face was priceless. She couldn't decide whether to be surprised, excited, or worried. She settled on a giggling smirk. 

Sally: Good luck champ. Use lots of lube. 

Larry opened the door when I arrived, and Sally must have called ahead because he didn't seem surprised to see me. It felt a bit awkward this time. I was dressed normally, there was no pretext for me to hide behind. 

Once the door was closed, I wasn't sure what to do, so I did the most submissive thing I could think of. Without even properly entering the home I knelt in front of Larry and pulled his short down. Leaning in, I took his flaccid cock into my mouth. I didn't even day hello. 

Larry: That's a good little bitch. That feels nice, keep doing that with your tongue. Yeah right there on the tip of my cock. Oh yeah. 

His cock swelled in my mouth and his hand found the back of my head. Soon I was bobbing my head in rhythm with his thrusts as he fucked my face. This was the first time Larry's cock had been in my mouth. His dick was smooth, not veiny at all and his circumcised cockhead was spongy against the softness of my throat. 

When he came, he held my head in place by grabbing my hair. He pulled out and jacked his cum on my face. The hot wet spurts splashed my forehead, cheeks, lips and chin. He adjusted his aim with each discharge to get maximum coverage. He laughed at my surprise and shock, then stepped back and took a picture of me, kneeling in the foyer of his home, face covered with his cum. He sent it to my wife. 

With my eyes lowered in submission I used my fingers to push as much cum as I could into my mouth. Larry took me to the kitchen and showed me were the cleaning supplied were, then left me to perform my duties. I stripped nude. It felt better being exposed and naked in front of the men I expected to use me. 

I cleaned the dishes, bagged the trash, and ran the vacuum. Roger and Larry occasionally entered the rooms I was cleaning, but said nothing and went about as if I wasn't there. Finally, everything was clean, except the carpet in the main room where I had cum on the carpet, then rolled around in it the previous night. 

With the cleaning chemicals and a scrubber, I was on my knees working away when Larry entered the room. Roger entered behind him, but sat on the sofa to watch. Larry stood over me, a bottle of lubricant in his hand. 

Larry: Get lubed up. Make sure you use your fingers to push it up inside. Use more than you think is enough. Then use a little more. 

Larry stood over me and stroked his cock as I obeyed his directions. My sphincter still hurt, but the lube felt good and as I worked a second finger into my ass, I could feel it relaxing and opening up. Lube was practically dripping off my ass when I was ordered to go face down, ass up. 

It felt very different when Larry fucked me. Roger had pushed and forced his massive cock into me, but Larry seemed to slide in with little effort. Not that his dick was small, it was measurably larger than mine. Once inside me he started thrusting, working his length in and out with a practiced cadence. It felt good. 

Roger: That's hot babe. Fuck that twink. Make him take that cock. You look so hot right now. 

Larry: You like that? You like watching me dominate this sissy? I bet you love it. 

They kept going like that, but I wasn't part of the conversation. I wasn't a sentient being. I was a thing. I was being used like a sex toy. I didn't matter except that I could provide pleasure. I loved it. Pre-cum dripped from my penis. Larry had cum on my face not an hour earlier giving him staying power as he fucked me. The carpet muffled my moans as I took his dick. I wanted it to last forever. 

He came deep in my bowels and I could feel the impulses of his cum as it jetted from his manhood. He grunted loudly as he exhausted himself inside me. When he pulled out, I was ordered to stay put and not to leak. I worked my ass muscles trying to close my gape before any of his ball juice could escape. 

I was still face in the carpet ass in the air when her returned. He stood with a leg on each side of me, facing toward Roger. His legs closed tightly against my sides to hold me in place. Then he started spanking me. He was using some sort of paddle, I couldn't see what it was but I could feel that it was polished wood. 

The paddle had smooth edges and it left no welts, just stinging hell where ever it landed. I tried to be brave and take the punishment like a man, but I couldn't stand up to the abuse. Larry had patience, working the paddle methodically. He never struck the same spot twice in a row but he covered every inch of my ass and the top of my thighs. The thighs hurt most. 

My fingers clawed the knap of the carpet, digging I and holding clumps of tuft as I tried to brace against the onslaught. My mouth was open and pain screamed out into the carpet to be lost in the padding below. Every blow should have been the last. I kept telling myself that he would stop after one more, but he didn't. 

My body was shaking. My voice was ragged. I tried to wiggle and pull away but I wasn't strong enough. I couldn't make him stop. I had to take it. I had no choice. 

When he finally stopped, I was sobbing and bawling. My breath was coming in gasps and sputters. I couldn't even feel my ass, just one big area of heat and pain. There had been nothing sensual or erotic about my punishment. It was simply a strong man owning a weak man. When I looked up Roger was masturbating his giant cock. His eyes alive with kink. 

Once my breathing was more regular and the sobbing had stopped Larry finally moved his legs and I collapsed. He stood next to me slowly smacking his paddle against the palm of his other hand. 

Larry: I'm exhausted. Fucking your sissy ass, then beating it bright red wore me out. Is there something you'd like to say to me cream puff? 

I knew what he wanted, and as soon as he said it, I wanted it too. Even through the searing pain of my beaten ass I wanted to be more submissive. I turned my head and looked up at him. 

Me: Thank you Sir. I am not worthy of your attention. Thank you so much for your gifts. 

My voice squeaked as I said it, but I meant it dearly. His feet were inches from my face and I leaned over and kissed his foot. I don't know where the idea come from, but it felt so right. The man had fucked me, beaten me, and he expected me to be grateful. And I wanted nothing more than to lick his dirty feet and thank him. 

As I soaked his feet in kisses and tears, I hear a commotion as Roger came off the sofa and then I was being lifted bodily into the air. The big man was carrying me like a woman into the back room of the house. I was laid on my back on top of a bed. The cold linens felt wonderful against my ass cheeks. 

Roger: You submissive little shit. I wasn't going to fuck you again so soon because I know how much it must have hurt when I ripped the ass out of you last night, but I can't take it anymore. You're a fucking little tease and I'm going to get a pound of that sassy ass right now. 

He was above me looking down while I lay facing him, missionary style. My legs were spread and he was rubbing lube on his cock as he looked down at me possessively. When he was satisfied with the amount of lube he'd applied, he lifted my legs by the back of my knees and pushed them toward my head. This simultaneously spread my cheeks open and lifted my ass to meet his cock. 

As he pierced my anus with the tip of his cock, Larry's cum, which I had kept inside me, leaked out. The combination of the lube and semen allowed him to slide all the way inside me with a single thrust. Time stopped. My breathing stopped. I could feel tearing pain and unexplainable ecstasy in perfect balance. I started to leak pre-cum immediately. 

He released my legs and lowered himself down on top of me, like a man would fuck a woman. I was the woman. I wrapped my legs around his torso and tried to draw him deeper inside me. The pain of his penetration had gone. I was floating on an electric cloud of sexual stimulation. He wasn't pumping me, he was just holding himself deep in me, filling me up and controlling me with his cock. 

He leaned further forward, pushing himself even deeper into me and kissed me fully on the mouth. His tongue filled me the same way his cock was filling me. I opened my mouth fully, allowing him to invade me further. The kiss was rough, like all his kisses were. He wasn't conveying compassion or love, he was teaching me that he owner me. 

When the fucking started, I had a nearly steady drip of cum leaking out of me. His huge cock put so much pressure on my sissy g-spot that my testicles tingled and my sissy clit throbbed. He lifted up away from my mouth as he started fucking and Larry moved beside me. His dick next to my face. I turned and accepted it. 

Larry's dick tasted like lube, and ass probably, but I didn't care. I was in the zone. I was getting fucked in my ass and my face at the same time and my brain broke. Nothing was real, it was like a dream. The dick in my ass was too big. I knew he was hurting me, and I wanted it. I deserved it. Time was no longer real and I just existed as a fuck bag. I laid on my back and I took cock and I had never been more fulfilled. 

I felt Roger's thrusts become hard and urgent, but it didn't register that he was pumping me full of his semen. When he finished with me and pulled out, I was awakened from my reverie and I felt robbed. My bowels felt empty and vacant. Larry started grunting shortly after and then his slime was oozing done my throat. I swallowed it from habit, not giving it a second thought. 

I was alone in the room for a while then Larry brought me my clothes. As I stood to dress, I could feel Roger's DNA running down my ass and thighs, but I didn't care. It was warm and nice. I dressed and let my clothes soak up what leaked out. The ride home was a blur. I didn't even remember starting the car and then I was at my own house. 

Sally was eager to hear me explain how I'd degraded myself, and after cleaning up I watched her use a dildo to reach orgasm as I described in detail how I'd been used and abused. My own cock hardened as I relived the experience, humiliated even more now that I was sharing my submission with my loving wife. 

Sally helped me pull my legs over my head as she rubbed my orgasm into my mouth. It was too powerful. Too much passion was released at once. I laid on my bed, my own semen on my face and in my mouth as I sobbed through the ebbing waves of orgasmic pleasure leaving my body. I sobbed from pure joy. I felt like I'd become what I was truly meant to be, a bitch for better men.