 There would always be a police pursuit somewhere in the city of Los Angeles, and two young white men happened to be in one of them. Matthew had to spend the late afternoon inside Robert's automobile as he drove around the city's warehouse district to evade law enforcement, which consisted of three police cars and a helicopter filming the scene for a live news broadcast. Matthew didn't want any of this to happen, especially at nineteen years of age, but he would have to take some of the blame because of what he had done just half an hour ago.

Robert sped up the car to move across a straight narrow road as quick as possible. An endless row of warehouses flew right past Matthew's line of vision. Pedestrians had little time to see who tried to flee from the police. Matthew wanted to look up at the sky to see where the helicopter would be, but he was too caught up with ways on how to escape. Sitting in the passenger side, he found himself breathless, with two drops of sweat about to fall off of his forehead. Summer's sweltering air did well to give his fretfulness a chance at showing off empirical evidence.

"I hate this!"

Robert kept his eyes on the road. "Just shut up, alright? We can make it."

Matthew wiped the sweat from off his forehead. "We shouldn't have done it, man! We shouldn't have done it!"

"Just shut up!"

"I can't go to jail for this shit."

"Are you fuckin' deaf or something?!"

Robert made a huge turn on an empty intersection, leaving behind visible tire tracks on the asphalt. "I'll tell you when to jump out."

"What if they find me?"

"I'm the one who's driving. They'll keep their eyes on me."

Matthew had no time to question his escape route. Robert slowed down near an empty parking lot. "All right, get out!"

Matthew opened the door and ran out of the vehicle. He didn't have time to see Robert drive off as he climbed up a chain link fence and ran across an empty alley. He could hear the sound of the helicopter fading away, most likely keeping their focus on his best friend. Now Matthew only had to worry about the two police officers and their K-9's trying to catch up to him. The constant yelling and barking encouraged him to keep running. He had nowhere to hide: he could see nothing but an empty stretch of an endless road in front of him.

After climbing up several more fences and passing through empty abandoned buildings, the officers' voices had been reduced to faint echoes. Matthew's athletic abilities really did pay off for now. He only had one of the dogs, chasing from behind, almost ready to strike. The young man was about to climb a wooden fence, which would lead to another empty alley, but the K-9 caught up to him and grabbed a piece of his shoe by the mouth. Matthew had to kick it away several times, but the purebred predator showed no signs of conceding defeat. Barking, it clawed at his pants and shoe. Luckily, it didn't scratch Matthew's skin and injured him. He gave one last kick before finally bringing himself up and jumping off onto the other side of the fence. The K-9 kept barking as it clawed at the fence, but the wood appeared invulnerable to its attacks. Matthew didn't look back as he searched for the perfect hiding spot in the middle of the city's warehouse district.

* * * 

It took him at least fifteen minutes to try and find one. Progress came to a halt when he couldn't locate temporary shelter that wasn't inhabited with even a few employees. Matthew walked across a narrow alley alone. The color of the cloudless sky had changed from bright blue to a graceful mixture of orange and dark blue. From the northwest, the towering skyscrapers of the Los Angeles skyline held the appearance of a matte painting, looking realistic even if it didn't exist at all. Matthew wiped away sweat from his forehead. His black jeans and green sleeveless shirt did little to ease his body temperature. The late afternoon wouldn't be of much help, either. Even if the sun would soon relocate itself to the other side of the Pacific Ocean, the heat it left behind still wouldn't allow its own expiration to ensue at this time. A California summer brought out the best and the worst of its cause and effect.

The barking and howling that resonated as faint echoes kept him as vigilant as ever. And once it grew gradually louder, he looked at all directions to see if anyone from law enforcement spotted him. He quickened his pace as he continued to search for an authentic hiding place. Once he crossed the empty street, he came across a warehouse of moderate height and size. It appeared to be a two-story building with white walls that showed recent decay with its scattered brown stains. The rectangular windows looked new, though one was cracked because of a possible mishap. The front door had been left open. Matthew couldn't waste his time analyzing his current situation. He ran inside and shut the door.

From the inside, the warehouse looked quite spacious. It featured several rows of shelves containing boxes of all sizes. More shelves had been placed on top of the mezzanine. Even if the fluorescent lights on the ceiling were activated, the fading beams from the disappearing sun found temporary residency on the gray concrete floor. Matthew looked out the window to see if any of the police officers had seen him entering the building. He could hear footsteps growing louder with every step. But it didn't come from outside.

Matthew quickly turned around to see a bald and muscular African-American man stepping away from the shelves. He appeared to be much older than Matthew, perhaps in his mid to late thirties. He wore a pair of blue jeans and he held a clipboard in his hand. 

"What the hell are you doing here?"

Matthew stepped away from the window. "I just need a place to stay. That's all."

A sudden knock on the front door made him lean behind the wall, away from the glass.

The black man asked, "Who's behind that door?"

Matthew whispered, "Probably a Jehovah's Witness."

"Now I know you're lying."

Matthew stayed still as the employee walked up to the front door and opened it. The young man couldn't see whoever stood right outside the door, but he stayed assured that law enforcement was just a few feet away. It became reality when the employee and the cop held a brief discussion regarding Matthew's crime and whereabouts. He took a deep breath and waited for the employee to provide the most crucial information available.

But the employee replied, "No, I haven't seen any at this time."

After a few more questions, the cop reminded the black man to call the police if he had seen the robber that fit the description: a skinny young man with short blond hair. The employee nodded and closed the door. Matthew breathed a sigh of relief.

The employee, who was a few inches taller than the thief, stepped closer with a blank stare. "What's your name?"

"I'm Matthew."

"I'm Aaron."

"Let me stay here for a while, please."

"I can't do that. This place is not a shelter for criminals."

"I just did one thing wrong. It's not like a murdered a bunch of people."

"It doesn't matter. I can't let you stay here unless you earn it."

"And how will I earn it?"

Aaron pointed at the mop and bucket in the corner. "You see that? That's what you'll have to do to keep me from giving you away to the police."

Matthew nodded. "Hey, I'll do anything."

Aaron raised an eyebrow. "Anything?"

"That's right. Anything to stay away from the cops."

"Then you better do what I say. And do it now."

Matthew didn't say another word. He grabbed the mop and bucket and began tonight's unforeseen errand. He wet the mop and cleaned the floor with it. Aaron watched from several feet away, slowly tapping his fingers on his clipboard. Just a few seconds after Matthew started his chore, a door below the mezzanine opened and closed. Another African-American man, this time with long dreadlocks, arrived on the scene.

He took off his truckers cap and asked, "When did we hire another custodian?"

Aaron shook his head. "This guy's not one of ours, Clive. He's here to stay away from prison."

"Is that so?"

"I'm sure he'll do a good job cleaning up this whole place."

"That is, if he's up to it."

Matthew interrupted, "Oh, I'll prove it to you."

Clive walked away with a little smirk on his face.

Aaron pointed to the floor, resulting in Matthew continuing his task. Despite his growing dehydration and the overall humidity in the warehouse, the young man didn't stop mopping the floor. Aaron stayed where he stood, even if he placed his clipboard on one of the shelves.

A simple observation brought an ounce of suspicion in Matthew's line of vision. Once he gave Aaron a brief sidelong glance, the employee had his eyes on Matthew's legs. At least he thought that was where Aaron looked. Matthew didn't say a word when he carried on with his duty. But deep in his thoughts, he wondered why Aaron, despite their sudden encounter, held a stern look at a thief still in hiding.

For a moment, Aaron disappeared into another room and returned with a clear plastic cup filled with water. He handed it to Matthew who drank half of the contents in one gulp. The liquid's cool temperature calmed his five senses.

"Thanks."

"You're gonna need it."

After drinking the last half, Matthew set the cup on the floor.

Aaron remarked, "You shouldn't have done it."

Matthew stopped wringing the mop. "I was desperate at that point. I needed the money."

"But because of you, the cops are wasting their time trying to find you."

"If you're siding with the cops, then you can just tell them that I'm here. It's that simple."

Aaron shook his head. "Oh, I'm not giving you away that easily."

"What do you mean by that?"

Aaron pointed at the floor. "Don't grow lazy on me. Do your job."

A few minutes later, Matthew finished halfway with the floors. This repetitive procedure did nothing to cease his emergent body heat. He desperately wished someone would open at least one of the windows.

Aaron seemed to have noticed the sweat dripping down his neck. "Just take your shirt off. It'll make you feel easier."

Matthew didn't hesitate as he unclothed the upper half of his body and flung it on one of the shelves. He didn't feel afraid to show off his thin but well-built chest, though he remained a little cautious when he gave Aaron a brief glance. The employee didn't keep his eyes off of him. His little smile which looked absolutely devious made Matthew keep his discomfort from within his current psyche. Aaron took one step closer. Matthew just kept silent while mopping the floor.

Aaron's deep masculine voice sounded more intimidating than before. "Do you know what I hate the most?"

Matthew just shook his head.

Aaron answered his own question. "People who break the law to get what they want."

Matthew kept calm. "Then sue me."

Aaron eyed him from top to bottom. "Why would a person like me do something so pathetic?"

"You just said it yourself. You hate it when people do illegal things."

Aaron chuckled. "That's true, but that's not gonna teach you a good lesson."

Matthew cleared his throat. "I don't need to be taught a lesson. I already know I screwed up."

"But how can we tell?"

"I just know, okay?"

Aaron suddenly grabbed him by the arms. The mop dropped right out of Matthew's hands. He tried to push away the abrupt ensnarement, but Aaron's grip was too strong.

"What are you doing?!"

Aaron whispered, "Do you know what will happen to you when you're sent to prison? You become a toy among the city's filthiest scumbags. You're nothing but a friend with benefits. And worst of all, there's no escape from their daily hunger for human flesh."

"I know this already."

"I don't think you know it enough. Let me show you what happens when you become a bitch among broken men."

Matthew still tried to escape his grasp. "Let me go!"

"Shut your mouth! Do you want me to call the cops?"

"Hell, no."

"Then get down on your knees."

Fearing unwanted aggression, the shirtless Matthew obeyed his simple command. Aaron's bulge beneath his jeans was just inches away from his face.

"Unzip it."

Matthew looked up, feeling a little confused. "What?"

"Just do it."

Matthew unzipped Aaron's jeans. "Okay, now what?"

Aaron pulled out his big black dick for the young man to see. "Go ahead and suck it."

Matthew raised his eyebrows. Fully erect, the cock must have been seven inches long. The entire thing wouldn't have fit inside his mouth. Matthew tried to look away, but Aaron grabbed hold of his blond hair with his right hand. Matthew kept his mouth shut.

Aaron remarked, "You're being a naughty boy. A very naughty boy. I have to teach you a lesson."

He pulled Matthew right in the direction of the cock. The young man couldn't stop the incoming projectile. It seeped right inside his mouth. Matthew could taste the warm solid surface right away. He groaned as soon as he had almost chocked on the tip. One half of Aaron's king cobra had been stuffed inside a favorable human cavity.

"Don't try to fuckin' fight it. Just take it."

Matthew held on to Aaron's thighs. Half of the time, the employee pushed him toward partial infiltration whenever he tried to resist.

"Don't even think about it. Take my dick real slow."

Even if Aaron kept his hand on Matthew's head, his nineteen-year-old prisoner started to take care of his own performance. He moved his head forward and backward as he accepted the bull's-eye from Aaron's primary artillery. He swirled his tongue around to make it easier for him to imagine that this moment would become a pleasant experience. Even if he had doubts, he obeyed Aaron's command to keep law enforcement from discovering the truth of his whereabouts.

"Tell me that you like it."

Because of the nonstop penetration from inside his mouth preventing him from using practical vocabulary, Matthew just moaned to give a slight response. Aaron let go of his head and just stood there feeling content with what transpired at the moment. Matthew no longer fought against his mental alienation.

"Go faster. Fuckin' faster!"

Matthew's momentum gained quicker speed. The collision between his throat and the black cock perfected a swift acceleration. One side of him presented uncertainty, but the other side of him boosted his optimistic feeling that he would be better off sucking someone's dick in a warehouse than in prison. Resignation would never be an option for his sole assignment.

"Oh, shit! Here it comes!"

And then the eruption came to life.

"Oh, yeah!"

Matthew could feel his mouth being inundated with Aaron's warm cum. It almost reached permanent excess when a few drops spilled from his lips and down on the concrete floor.

"Don't spit it out. Just swallow it."

Matthew consumed every ounce of foreign fluids that stayed inside his oral cavity. He spent the next few seconds swallowing the massive quantity in two gulps.

Aaron sounded satisfied. "Now that's a good boy."

Matthew finally pulled himself away from the rock-hard prick. He tried to smile, but couldn't. He wiped off a small remainder of Aaron's natural juice from off his lips.

"Did I do a good job?"

Aaron zipped up his jeans. "You better believe it. Now clean the rest of the floor and don't stop."

Despite the salty taste in his mouth, Matthew tried hard to finish his task without the thought of Aaron's next disruption acting as a mental distraction. He still couldn't lead himself to believe that someone else's juices currently resided in his own stomach, especially after everything he had gone through this afternoon.

* * *

He grabbed the water bucket and walked up the stairs which led to the warehouse's one and only mezzanine. Progress had slowed since seeking validation for Aaron's primal instincts. He desired another cup of water to fight off the bitter taste that remained in his mouth. And even if the sun completed its relocation and left behind total darkness, its traces of Mediterranean heat still lingered. The humidity still didn't change. The fluorescent lights from above kept the warmth inside the room exposed to human skin. Matthew couldn't spot a single air vent, meaning that this building lacked air conditioning. He sighed as he continued to clean the concrete floor.

He was halfway finished between two shelves when he heard footsteps from behind. He turned around to see Clive standing with his own blank stare to show off.

"Aaron's told me all about you."

The shirtless young man kept mopping. "I know I'm guilty. You don't have to remind me."

Clive stepped closer. "That's not why I'm here. I'm here to tell you that I feel the same way. I hate it when people commit stupid crimes."

Matthew immediately stopped swaying the mop. "And I hate it when I experience déjà vu."

Clive chuckled. "The only difference is that Aaron has taught you a lesson, but I have yet to do the same."

"I still have some work to do."

"My friend will understand."

Clive grabbed him by the arms. Matthew could no longer beg himself to fight back.

"How do you want me?"

Clive looked down at Matthew's black pants. "Let me see what you're made of."

The black employee undid Matthew's belt and threw it to the side. He unzipped the pants before putting his hand inside his open crevice. Matthew almost gasped when Clive's right hand seized his peach-colored penis and caressed his fingers around it.

Clive murmured, "You've got a nice one."

Matthew's cock hardened from his touch. "What do you want me to do?"

Clive stepped back. "Take everything off."

Matthew obeyed without a single gripe. First, he took off his shoes and socks. Then, he placed his pants and boxer shorts away from his legs. Once he hurled them to the side, he tried hard to stand up straight despite moderate anxiety overwhelming his mentality.

Clive smiled. "Oh, lookin' good."

Matthew asked, "Now what?"

"Turn around."

The young man did exactly that. He waited for what would have to endure. All of a sudden, he could feel two fingers being stuffed inside his lower hole. Clive grabbed him by the waist while keeping his fingers surrounded by human walls. Matthew began to take quicker breaths.

Clive whispered in his ear, "If you can't be a toy behind bars, then you might as well be one right here."

Matthew felt slightly aroused. "Sounds good to me."

Clive wiggled his fingers around inside warm flesh, giving his prisoner more anticipation by revealing his true signs.

"You stay right here."

Once he pulled his fingers out of such a tight space, he took two steps back and took off his shirt, revealing some fine-looking abs which he had obviously taken good care of.

He finished unclothing himself and said, "Get down on your knees and show me you want it."

Ignoring the possibility of keeping the salty flavor inside his mouth, Matthew stood on his knees and waited for Clive to grab him by the head and pull him toward feeding time. But nothing happened. Because of lack of antagonistic tendencies, Matthew moved on his own, taking in Clive's solid piece of flesh without pause. He repeated his obligation, but he engaged in a slower performance.

Clive whispered, "Be my bitch."

Matthew grabbed Clive's legs and swirled his tongue around the seven-inch prick that was lodged deep inside his oral cavity. This time, the warmth from the solid surface felt more soothing, almost to the point of pure relaxation.

From the corner of his eye, Matthew could see Aaron appearing from behind the shelves. Also undressed, the man's arms and abs must have gained a positive effect from daily nutrition and exercise.

"Don't leave me out of it."

Clive stood still. "Come on and join us. Matthew's waiting for more. Isn't that right?"

Matthew could only moan as a direct response.
