 Alex 

Wow isn't he hot! I thought this to myself as the good doctor walked away. But he's probably straight and won't even remember my name by the time he wakes up, I noted sadly. I shook my head slightly and turned to Miguel, "Well he seems nice" I said as we resumed our walk. 

"Yeah he does seem nice and interested in you dude." I rolled my eyes, it's just like Miggy to try and hook me up with the first person that has stuff hanging between their legs. 

"No he didn't," I countered. 

"Uhm yeah he did. I saw him checking you out bro." 

I sighed. "Maybe you should stop drawing buildings for a living and start writing romance novels. You seem to have a lot of imagination for that sort of shit bro." 

He punched me lightly in the arm, "Ha bloody ha bro! I'm not imagining anything, I know what I saw." 

"Which is what exactly?" 

"We-ell... He was checking you out and falling all over himself." 

"That's just because he's tired. And anyway he's probably straight." I said. 

"What is it with you gay guys? It seems to me that every time you're interested in a guy, your gaydar goes on vacation." 

I laughed at this. "Oh and you suddenly have gaydar?" 

He laughed too "Nah man, I just know how a guy looks when he's interested. After all, I have to deal with your many fans. You sort of develop a feel for this kind of thing you know." 

"I thought your girlfriend was my manager, not you bro?" 

"Yeah she is but she's not the one who spends 99% of her day with you, I am. So I'm basically your unofficial manager Lex." 

"You talk a lot of crap you know that right?" I said as I pushed him lightly. 

Now Miguel is all muscle, so he didn't even budge. He laughed and pushed me back and guess who fell over on his ass from that light push? Miguel laughed as he held out his hand to help me up. "Hey, that hurt you know!" I said punching him on the shoulder. 

"You're such a softie dude." He said whilst laughing. 

"Yeah well I'm not the bodybuilding type like you." I shot back, laughing as well. 

"You really are one of a kind Lex" Miggy said as he pulled me in for a hug. 

"And that's why you love me" I said into his shoulder. We shared a comfortable silence as we walked the rest of the way to our favourite restaurant.

"Hey guys, look who finally decided to come down from heaven and grace us with his presence" said Kevan, one of our friends. 

"Yeah I finally managed to convince his royal highness to give us some of his time" replied Miggy, laughing. 

I laughed too. "More like you gave me no choice Migg." 

"Ahh he smiles, it must be our lucky day" said Tevin, joining in in the laughter.

"It's nice to see you guys" I said, smiling. I hadn't realised how much I'd missed their company till now. 

"Where are the others?" Miggy asked as we sat down. 

"Ahh well your sister excused herself because she has to work Miggs, Sher should be here soon, Nick has an exhibition to prepare for, Dev should be arriving with Sher, Sam is in the bathroom, Brad is avoiding Reni, Dave and Steph haven't called so I'm guessing they'll be here and as for Reni... Well, we all know who she's bound to be with." 

Miggs rolled his eyes when he heard Tev's last answer. "Reni never has time for us anymore. Ever since she got back with Ray, she spends all her time with him." 

"But Miggs, you gotta understand man, if she's not off filming somewhere, she's somewhere else modeling and if it's not that then she's in another part of the world, on tour for some or other reason and if it's not that then she's visiting someone so I really don't blame her for wanting to spend some time with her boyfriend." I said.

Kev nodded his agreement, "Yeah I agree with Lex. She hardly ever has time to spend with Ray so I don't blame her for wanting to spend more time with him." 

At that very moment, who should walk in but our very own Serenity Graye? Since I was facing the door, I saw her first. "Oh my God Reni!" I exclaimed and rushed over to hug her. 

"Lex! It's been so long" she said, half running to hug me too. "Where have you been hiding? I've missed you so much." 

"Well if you missed me that much Ms Graye, why on earth didn't you come by? I'm sure you still remember where I live, right?" I mock chided.

"Oh honey I'm so sorry it's just that what with spending more time with Ray and modeling, I've been extremely busy." She said as we walked to the table. 

"Oh and who's releasing a new line?" I asked excitedly. 

"Celestine is" she answered. 

"Hey Reni" said Migg as we arrived at the table. "We were just talking about how you've neglected us" he continued, winking at her. 

"Oh Miguel don't make me feel worse than I already do." She complained and we all laughed. 

"Hey guys... oh my god Reni and Lex! You're both here!" squealed Sam as she came back from the bathroom, "We've missed you both so much." 

"We've missed you guys too, right Lex?" Reni turned to me as she spoke. 

"We-eell--" I began but was interrupted by a sort of vision that popped in my head from nowhere. 

"Lex? Alex? Earth to Alexander, HEY ALEX!!!" 

I came back to reality at the sound of my name. "Uhh yeah?" 

"Dude what's up?" asked Miguel.

I put my hand to my throbbing head -- when did I get a headache??? "I-I just got this sudden headache dude and..." Before I even finished talking, I felt myself falling and was out before I'd even hit the ground.