 There are no underage characters in this story. All characters are over the age of 18-years-old.

Daniel and Martin swinging in a foursome, k-i-s-s-i-n-g. 

*

"One more thing?"

He looked at her as if she was about to ask him for a divorce. He looked at her as if she was about to ask him if Greta, Maureen, Ebony, Janya, and Veronica, along with Martin, could live with them in their big house. He looked at her as if what they were about to do was a mistake or a necessary evil for them to embrace and to enhance their sexuality for them to continue to have a happy marriage. Willing to agree to anything so long as Emma not leave him and stay with him as his wife, best friend, and lover, certainly, they had enough bedrooms and bathrooms to accommodate six overnight guests but for how long?

Even with Martin as the other rooster in his henhouse, what man in his right mind wouldn't want to live with six, sexual women? Given that four of the women, Greta, Maureen, Ebony, and Janya, were lesbian women, Veronica was a bi-sexual woman, and the sixth woman was his wife, Emma, who wanted to live out her lesbian fantasy. Only and seemingly for now, the one woman who wasn't lesbian was his wife Emma. Moreover, a small detail that needed to be mentioned, four of the six women, Greta, Maureen, Ebony, and Janya weren't real but imaginary women made up in his mind. Yet, a reality he feared, if not lesbian today, maybe Veronica would turn Emma lesbian tonight.

He couldn't help himself from imagining Veronica between his wife's legs fingering her pussy while licking her pussy. He couldn't help himself from imagining Veronica giving Emma an orgasm. He couldn't help himself from imagining Emma between Veronica's legs fingering her pussy while licking her pussy. He couldn't help himself from imagining Emma giving Veronica an orgasm. Then, with the faces of the two women buried in one another's pussies, he couldn't help but imagine them in the sixty-nine position and going at one another as if they were bitches in heat. 

"Yes, there's one more thing," she said looking at him with nervous, sexual excitement. "There's something that I haven't told you."

Expecting the worst but hoping for the best, her secret little something, no doubt, was the other shoe. When things feel so good and whenever he's so happy, someone always drops the other shoe to return him to reality. What she was about to tell him, whatever it was, was the other shoe. Just once, he'd like to revel in the thought of Emma experiencing her lesbian, sexual fantasy, and him being allowed to dress as a woman without someone dropping the other shoe.

Something she hasn't told me? Now what? He wondered what it was. Is it not enough that her secret, sexual fantasy was to have lesbian sex with a woman? Is it not enough that she's already had lesbian sex with bi-sexual woman when Veronica kissed her, felt her big breasts, and masturbated her? Is it not enough that Veronica has a husband, Martin? Is it not enough that in the way that he'd like to watch Emma having sex with Veronica, Martin wants to watch Veronica having sex with Emma too? Is it not enough that for Emma to have her lesbian fantasy that he'd have to allow Veronica's husband to see his wife naked? Is it not enough that her little lesbian sexual fantasy has now suddenly turned into them possibly engaging in swinging sex with another couple? What else could she possibly tell him that she hasn't already told him?

Usually looking at her with love, kindness, and understanding when he's not looking at her with lust, desire, and horniness, he looked at her as if he no longer knew his wife. As if she was someone else, some other sexual being who suddenly liked women as much as she liked men, he looked at her as if she was a sexual animal instead of his loving wife. Catching him off guard, by telling him that Veronica had a husband and that now there was something else, he didn't know if he should look at her with dread or with sexual excitement. Judging her by the look of seriousness on her face, he read her look to make her facial expression his own. Now, instead of looking at her with love, kindness, and understanding, and instead of looking at her with lust, desire, and horniness, he looked at her with dread while afraid of what she was about to say.

"When you preference by saying there's one more thing, cravat emptor, you make me wary," he said hoping to lighten the suddenly heavy mood with a bit of levity. "What used to be sometimes predictable coming out of the mouth of my beautiful, blonde wife, is now surprising. Especially after telling me that Veronica masturbated you, suddenly, I never know what you're going to say to shock me."

She looked at him submissively as if wanting to ask his permission tell him something when she didn't need his permission to speak. In that moment, depending upon the type of lesbian sex she wanted to experience, he imagined her wanting to join a lesbian motorcycle gang, the Butch Bitches or the Pink Panties. Imagining her getting Veronica's name tattooed on her beautiful chest along with Martin's name forever inked on the side of her shapely ass, he couldn't help but think that he was losing his wife to a woman and possibly to another man. Going from their perfectly sheltered, little life to her wanting to experience her secret, sexual fantasy in having lesbian sex, what happened? Suddenly, he wished he could turn back the clock and return to how things were between them before she confessed her secret lesbian, sexual fantasy to him. Figuring it would make things even worse, he was glad that he didn't tell her his sexual secret that he was a closeted, cross dresser.

With her suddenly wanting to play in the Devil's playground of decadence, debauchery, and depravity, imagining her swinging both ways, if this is the life she chooses, he didn't know if he could keep up with her. His cross dressing took whatever free time and extra, sexual energy he had. Besides at 40-years-old with more important priorities in his life, such as making money, he didn't have the sexual drive that he once had in his twenties and even in his early thirties. Emma, at 35-years-old, seemed to be just getting into her sexual stride. With him humping her as fast and as hard as he could already, he didn't think that he could hump her any faster or any harder to satisfy her sexually when it was Veronica and not him that she wanted.

"It's her husband," she said biting her lip. "There's something about Martin that I haven't told you."

Ready to give her a good pussy licking in the hopes that he could save her from turning lesbian with an oral orgasm, she stopped him short by her saying that there's one more thing and that one more thing is Veronica's husband, Martin. Her husband? He impatiently waited for the other shoe to fall with a resounding thud on their hardwood, bedroom floor. In the way she had sex with Veronica masturbating her, has she already had sex with Martin too? Is that it? Is that what she hasn't told him but what she needs to tell him now?

While imagining the worst, their marriage vow of faithfulness being broken, shedding new light to this development and with renewed hopefulness, he imagined the best sexual scenario emerging. Thinking that she may have already had sex with Martin too, he couldn't believe it. His beautiful wife has suddenly turned into a lesbian whore willing to have sex with anyone, man or woman.

'What the fuck? Are you kidding me? No way,' he thought to himself while trying to remain calm.

Just as her sexual confession could have good repercussions with him having sex with Veronica and possibly with Martin too, Emma finding her new born sexuality could have bad repercussions too, with her leaving him for them. Her having lesbian sex is one thing but her engaging in hetero, extra marital sex with another man is something else entirely and not part of their as yet, unspoken, sexual agreement. It was then that he wished he never had sexy, pillow talk with his wife and with her confessing her wanting to be with a woman. It was then that he wished Emma had never met Veronica.

"Her husband? What about him?"

Just as he couldn't imagine his sweet wife naked in another man's arms, he couldn't image what she was going to say next about Martin. What more could she possibly say about these two swingers? Yet hung up but in a good way on Veronica being lesbian and the thoughts of her having lesbian sex with Emma, he was hung up but in a bad way on his wife's lesbian lover having a husband and with Martin having heated, hetero sex with his wife. While kissing and kissing her, he imagined Martin feeling, fondling, and sucking Emma's big, beautiful breasts before serving up his erect, hard, hairy cock to her beautiful mouth. Her way of making him hard enough for her to have sexual intercourse with him, he imagined Emma sucking Martin's cock in the way he's already thought about Martin sucking his cock and he thought about sucking Martin's cock.

Already on sexual overload, unable to stop the flood of pornographic images, he imagined Emma with her legs spread and Martin between them while fingering and licking her pussy long enough to make her cum. He imagined Emma with her legs spread and Martin between them humping her, making love to her, and fucking her while pounding her pussy hard enough to give her an orgasm. With Martin giving Emma an orgasm with his fingers, his tongue, and his lips before giving her another one with his cock, he imagined losing his wife to him. He imagined Martin not only leaving with Veronica but also with Emma too.

"Bye. Thanks for everything," he imagined saying while sad that his wife was leaving him but happy that she was living out her secret, sexual fantasy of having sex with a woman.

Only, he didn't know that her secret, sexual fantasy included another man. He didn't know that her secret, sexual fantasy would be the end of their marriage. He didn't know that when she confessed that she wanted to sleep with a woman that she was in fact asking him for a divorce. Forget about the other shoe dropping, the other shoe was a heavy boot filled to the top with shit.

If only he knew her secret, sexual fantasy would culminate with the end of their relationship, he never would have given her his blessing for her to have a lesbian affair. Only she didn't need his blessing for her to have sex with Veronica, something she already had even before telling him that she wanted to sleep with a woman. Only, much of this was just speculation on his part.

Then, with his thoughts going from Veronica to Martin and back again to Veronica, with her first foray into lesbianism opening up her sexual floodgates, he imagined Emma out of sexual control. With her new found bi-sexuality throwing open the doors that now encompassed both male and female, he imagined his beautiful wife having sex with every man and any woman. Fearing that he was no longer able control her, not that he ever could, he feared that he was losing her to her sexual desires.

Now he wasn't sure if he wanted to know what that one more thing she had to tell him was. In the bittersweet way he now wished that she had kept her secret, sexual fantasy of wanting to have sex with a woman, sometimes, things are better off left unspoken. With him feeling guilty about not telling her that he was a cross dresser, maybe his not telling her that he enjoyed dressing as a woman was a blessing in disguise.

* * * * *

"He's bi-sexual," she said. "Just as Veronica does, Martin swings both ways."

Bi-sexual? Martin is bi-sexual? As if he didn't hear what she said or didn't understand the meaning of the word bi-sexual, he looked at her stunned. Suddenly, his sexual fantasy of having one time sex with a man in the way that his wife wanted to experience lesbian sex with a woman has come true. He couldn't believe that his wonderful wife not only experienced her lesbian fantasy of having sex with a woman but also she gave him the possibility of him experiencing his bi-sexual sexual fantasy of having sex with a man too.

An easy stretch to make, Daniel imagined himself with Emma, Veronica, and the husband, Martin, entwined together naked, seething, and sweating. Then, breaking off into pairs, while he and Martin watched Emma and Veronica having sex, he imagined Martin having his wicked way with his cock. Inspired by watching their wives having lesbian sex, he imagined Martin kissing him while slowing stroking his cock to a harder erection. While Veronica ate Emma's pussy, he imagined Martin sucking his cock. While Veronica gave Emma an oral orgasm, he imagined cumming in Martin's willing mouth. Maybe this swinging foursome wouldn't be such a bad thing after all.

Maybe this is how he'll finally have first time sex with a man while his wife has first time sex with a woman that is if she hasn't had lesbian sex already, not counting Veronica masturbating her. Imagining all of the possibilities of his wife being with a bi-sexual woman and him being with a bi-sexual man, it would be quite a while before any of them became bored with sex. Only, when he agreed for Emma to experience her lesbian fantasy, he never agreed to have sex with Veronica's husband too. As if an obvious after thought, that part of their swinging relationship just manifested itself.

Now in the way he imagined Martin eating and pounding Emma's pussy, he imagined himself licking and fucking Veronica's pussy. In the way he imagined Emma sucking Martin's cock, he imagined Martin sucking his cock too. In the way that he imagined Veronica sucking his cock, he imagined sucking Martin's cock too. Having his cake and eating it too with his wife's permission, how perfect would that be for Daniel to not only have sex with another woman but also with another man? Having her cake and eating it too with her husband's permission, how perfect would that be for Emma to not only have sex with another woman but also with another man?

In the way that his roommate wanted to masturbate him and possibly suck him twenty years ago, he wasn't ready for man sex then in the way he was ready for bi-sexual sex now. Definitely, if he was sexually attracted to Martin and if he offered to do that to him, he'd allow Martin access to his lips and to his cock. Oh yeah, he'd allow him to kiss him while stroking him before sucking him. Only, not knowing if he was ready for that until the opportunity presented itself, he didn't know if he could stroke and/or suck Martin's cock.

Possibly, while Martin was stroking him and/or sucking him, he could fondled the head of Martin's cock but that may be the extent of his bi-sexuality. Perhaps, if he was drunk enough, he could engage in gay sex. Perhaps, if he was drunk enough, on the pretense that he didn't know what he was doing, he could suck Martin's cock and even allow Martin to cum in his mouth. Perhaps, so long as it was okay with Emma, he could give Martin the orgasm that he imagined him giving his wife. Just a sexual fantasy that played through his mind, he didn't know and wouldn't know until the time came.

"Bi-sexual?"

No longer looking at her with dread, he looked at her with sexual excitement that he was unable to hide. Forgetting all about telling her that he was a cross dresser, what was once about her having lesbian sex with a woman was now more about him having gay sex with a man. Even though he didn't know if he could go through with it, he was sexually excited by the thought that he could imagine having gay sex nonetheless. As if she knew better than he did, Emma gave him that cheeky little smile she gives him when she beats him at Scrabble before she said exactly what he was thinking.

"He'd be as sexually interested in you as much as he'd be sexually interested in me, I'm afraid," she said with a flash of sincerity while giving him a nervous, little chuckle.

With her look suggesting that he'd be interested in Martin as much as she'd be interested in Martin, her look implied that he was gay or bi-sexual. Daring him to confess his sexual feelings to her about the possibility of him having bi-sexual sex, she was treading on thin ice again. Taking their sexual relationship beyond the next level and all the way up to the top tier of other swinging couples, she was going somewhere that neither of them have not only gone before but also have never thought about going before. They were embarking on an open, sexual relationship with not with a heterosexual couple but with a bi-sexual woman and a bi-sexual man. With his mind racing and his cock hardening at the imagined sexual foursome he imagined having with not only Veronica but also with Martin, he downplayed his interest in Martin by showing her his feigned disinterest in Veronica's husband.

"Bi-sexual? Gees, Emma, I don't know. Maybe inviting them over tonight isn't such a good idea," he said regretting saying that as soon as he said it. Giving her some wiggle room, he rejected her idea of inviting them over tonight by showing his genuine disappointment instead of showing her his sexual excitement. "Maybe we should give more thought to what we're about to get ourselves into before we dive headlong off the diving board without checking to see if there's water in the pool."

What? Huh? What did he just say? Inviting them over tonight not a good idea? Without checking to see if there's water in the pool? What the Hell was he saying? Has he lost his mind? Has he's suddenly gone mad? Definitely, he needs to check with his penis first before opening his mouth.

He was about to say no to watching his wife having lesbian sex with Ver-ron-i-ca. He was about to say no to having sex with another woman with not only his wife's permission but also with her blessings. He was about to say no to possibly living out his sexual fantasy by having bi-sexual sex with another man. If this wasn't a custom scenario made just for him, one that not only satisfied his lesbian fantasy of watching his wife with a woman but also that satisfied his gay fantasy of having sex with a man, he didn't know what would be. All he needed to make this evening perfect was for him to appear dressed as a woman when meeting Veronica and Martin for the first time.

Holy shit! He wondered what Emma would say if he came downstairs dressed as Danielle instead of as Daniel. Wow! He wondered how Veronica and Martin would react to meeting him not as a man but as a woman. Needing to act quickly, he needed to tell her that he's changed his mind and that it's a good idea to invite Veronica and Martin over for some sexy swinging, um, to meet one another over drinks.

Only, not giving him the chance to say anything else to reverse what he previously said, she looked at him as if his silly, little sham was over. She looked at him as if jig was up and she was about to reveal him for the cross dresser that he truly was. She gave him the look that she gave him when he came home late a little tipsy when asking him where he was and what was he doing. She gave him the same look she gave him when he bought a new, luxury car without discussing it with her first. She gave him that doghouse look that always meant that he'd have to buy her something really extravagant and give it to her while on vacation somewhere exotically expensive.

"Oh, don't play so innocent with me Daniel. I know your secret," she said staring at him with a look that suddenly made him feel so small. As if she was his mother instead of his wife, she said the same phrasing of words that his mother said so very long ago when she nearly caught him wearing her clothes. "I know you're a cross dresser," she said getting up on her high horse.

* * * * *

She knows he's a cross dresser. Unable to think clearly and unable to think of anything else but his guilt, panic took hold of his mind like a fever. He looked at her with shocked shame. Quickly trying to read her, he looked at her trying to figure out if her knowing he was a cross dresser was a good thing or a bad thing. Only, he didn't know. He couldn't tell.
