 Note: This is the second story I have submitted to Literotica. The first was "Massage Leads to Great Bi Sex." This a follow up describing another bisexual adventure for vacationing friends.

***

The four of us were off to Mexico again for our annual summer golfing vacation. We checked into the same luxury time share that we always use only this time we didn't get upgraded to a unit with a massage room. We did however get a top floor room with 24-hour concierge service.

Last year Ron and I had a great bisexual experience when our wives, Marcia and Carla, were out golfing. It was the first time I had ever sucked a man's cock. Over the winter I had the opportunity to talk with Ron about what happened. He was totally comfortable with what went down. Based on this I decided to test the waters by telling him about one of my other unfulfilled fantasies. I confided in him that I had always had a desire to be dressed as a woman and then be used as a sissy slut by a man. Based on the smile on his face, I could tell he was up for it.

Once in Mexico, we had to find a way to get some free time alone. We had already booked four rounds of golf for the week so that left us two days free. We knew both of our wives were interested in the Mayan culture so we suggested they should take a trip to the ruins at Chichen Itza. When they asked if we would join them, Ron cleverly said "I would rather hang out at the pool downing margaritas."

The girls looked at me and waited for my response. I told them "go and have a good time, I'll stay at the resort keeping Ron company." If only they knew what kind of company we planned on keeping.

I contacted our daytime Concierge Juanita to see if she could arrange the tour tickets and she was more than happy to do so. As an aside, each morning I would go to her station and get coffee and cookies for the four of us. It was very pleasant chatting with her as she was a real cutie. I would guess she was about 25 years old, 5' 4" tall and 120 pounds. Not only was she good looking but we soon developed a great rapport.

Late Wednesday morning, Marcia and Carla left for their half day tour to Chichen Itza. As soon as they were gone Ron broke out the tequila and said "let's loosen up before the fun begins."

He asked me if I was serious about being his sissy slut and I responded yes. He also wanted to know if I had brought my crossdressing paraphernalia and I again responded yes. Based on this, he then proceeded to set some role play ground rules.

The scenario would be that Ron was on vacation and he called an escort agency for a crossdressing sissy slut. I was to get dressed in one bedroom and then leave by the separate entrance in the room. Then I was to knock on the living room door and wait for Ron to let me in. As his sissy slut, I was expected to do whatever he asked. Finally, instead of Chris, I would now be called Christina.

Ron wanted to know if all these conditions were acceptable. Furthermore, he said "if at any time you disobey any of my requests, the role play will immediately stop."

I told him "I understood completely." I did have one request of Ron before we began.

I gave him my tablet and asked if he would take some pictures of me in my female garb so I could have a permanent memory of this experience. Ron said "no problem, go into the bedroom now and get dressed."

I went into my room and got the secret pouch that I had stored in my golf bag. I laid out the contents on the bed. They included a blonde wig, flat shoes, a slinky dress that flared out at the bottom, silk panties, nude colored panty hose, a size 38 A cup bra, foam breast inserts and lipstick. The panties and panty hose were Marcia's. Everything else I picked out by myself.

I went into the bathroom to shave and shower. I wanted to get rid of all my facial hair to make sure my skin was soft and feminine. After putting on my panties I sat on the bed and slid on my panty hose. I gently rolled them up my legs one at a time as I didn't want to rip them. Next I put on my bra, clasping it in front and then slipping it around. After inserting the foam padding, I put on my dress. I made sure to buy a sexy number which was flared out at the bottom. The intent was to allow easy access below.

I went back into the bathroom to complete the finishing touches. I put on the blonde wig and brushed it out until it looked nice and sexy. I put on a ruby red lipstick which I thought was very slutty. I saw Marcia's makeup kit on the counter, and I decided I would add some blush to my cheeks. I looked in the mirror and thought I looked pretty good as a woman.

I returned to the bedroom to put on my flats and it was then that I saw a note under the connecting door. It was from Ron and read as follows: "before knocking on the door, go to the Concierge desk and ask Juanita to bring two cups of coffee to our room." I was shocked and didn't know what to do. I then remembered Ron said the role play would immediately stop if I disobeyed any of his instructions.

I was very nervous about having someone else see me dressed as a woman but the desire to fulfill my fantasy outweighed my anxiety. I decide to throw caution to the wind and left the room.

I slowly opened the door and peaked out. Since it was midday, no one was around. When I got to the Concierge desk, I saw Juanita working hard on her computer. She looked great in her business attire of tan jacket, matching skirt and light brown panty hose. I called her name and she glanced up at me.

At first her face had a confused look but after a few seconds it turned into a look of amusement. She said "Mr. Chris, don't you look nice today." I gulped and then complied with Ron's request, asking her to bring two cups of coffee to our room. She said "I would be more than happy to after I brew a fresh pot."

I was embarrassed by having Juanita see me this way but at the same time, I found it somewhat exciting. I went down the hall and knocked on our door. After a few seconds, Ron opened the door, looked me over and then invited me in. He was only wearing a bathrobe and I could see he liked the way I looked by the bulge which was tenting his bathrobe.

Complying with my prior request, he asked me to pose so he could take a couple of pictures. I tried to look sexy and I could see by his growing cock that he was getting turned on. At that moment, there was another knock on the door. It was Juanita with the coffee.

Ron opened the door and she entered, looking first at him in his bathrobe with his cock pushing the front of it out and then at me. After putting the coffee on the dining room table, she asked if there was anything else we needed. Ron went over to her and whispered something into her ear and she smiled. She went over to the sofa and sat down. I gave Ron a quizzical look.

Ron then said "I have asked Juanita to film our encounter so you could have a permanent video of your experience as a sissy slut." I looked at Ron and told him that was more than I had envisioned and that I was a bit uncomfortable with it.

Ron responded "remember our agreement, do you want to continue?" After giving it some thought, I nodded my head yes.

Ron said "okay Christina, why don't you start by dancing for us." I was in the room with the two of them sitting on the sofa. Ron had a drink in his hand. Juanita had my tablet and was ready to start filming.

I started moving to the music, twisting and twirling to the beat. As I moved around the bottom of my dress would rise, giving them both a great view of my panty hose clad panties. Ron sat there smiling and asked for more. Ron said to me "Christina, show us a little skin."

I complied by turning away from them, bending over and raising the hem of my dress. I put my thumbs into my panty hose and then slid them down a bit, exposing my ass crack. After a quick peek, I pulled them back up and continued dancing. A minute later, I repeated the pattern this time sliding the panty hose and panties further down so they could see my full ass. I wiggled it and then once again pulled them up. I was getting turned on by being an exhibitionist and I decided to take it further.

After some more dancing, I turned to face them. Ron was now rubbing his cock through his bathrobe. Juanita was still filming on the tablet but I could tell by the look on his face that she was excited. I once again pulled the panty hose down, this time exposing my pubic hair. I repeated the previous sequence of pulling them back up, dancing and then pulling them down a bit more this time exposing my cock and balls. Unfortunately I didn't account for the confinement of my panty hose covered panties causing shrinkage.

The normal flaccid size of my uncut dick is 3 ½ inches. After being confined, I was now probably less than 3 inches. Juanita let out a gasp. "Is that all there is?" she said. She looked at Ron and asked if she could take a closer look.

She gave him the tablet, walked over and pulled the dress up. Juanita said "it really is small and it looks kinds of funny with the crinkly foreskin." In my defense Ron told her it does get bigger when touched. In response, Juanita reached out and took hold.

She rubbed it gently and the earlier shrinkage began to go away. She started tugging it and my cock started to grow. Slowly but surely it became more erect and almost reached its full 5" size. At this point Ron said "enough already, Christina come over here and start sucking my cock." Juanita returned to the sofa, took the tablet back and awaited the next move.

I pulled my panty hose and panties back up but it was a bit more difficult as my dick was bigger now and more difficult to tuck in. I got on my knees and crawled over to Ron. I knelt in front of him and opened his bath robe. Once again, I got to see the familiar cock that I sucked last year. It was cut and well over 6" in length. The head was shiny and glistened with pre-cum. Ron looked over to Juanita and said "make sure you get this on video."

I bent over and started licking his pole while at the same time, caressing his balls. I then opened wide and covered the tip of his cock slowly bobbing down only over the head. Ron thrust up from the sofa and more of his cock entered my mouth. I could feel the tip hit the back of my throat and it was throbbing. At this point, Ron pulled back and removed his cock from my mouth. He said "okay slut, now it is time to go all the way." 

Ron looked at Juanita and asked her to go to the bathroom and get some lotion. He got up and positioned my on the sofa, bent over with my panty hose covered ass sticking out. When Juanita returned, he yanked my panty hose and panties down below my knees. He wanted me to be able to spread my legs. Both my ass and balls were totally exposed.

Ron said to Juanita "come over and put some lotion on Christina's asshole so I could gain easier entrance." When she did so, my cock hardened again. Before she moved away, she reached under and gave it a playful tug.

Ron was ready. He looked at me and said "Christina, I am now going to plow your sissy ass and Juanita is going to film it all." I waited for the initial contact. I could feel his cock head starting to graze my ass cheeks. Then I felt his bulbous head touching my asshole. Suddenly, he thrust his huge cock into my ass. I was used to having Marcia put vibrators in my ass but certainly they were never as big as Ron's cock.

Slowly he thrust in and out. I could feel the head of his massive tool hitting my prostate. He was getting more excited and picked up the pace. I was getting used to having his big dick in my ass and the initial pain of the insertion turned into pleasure. Soon I was moving my ass in sync with his cock strokes. This got him going even faster and with one final thrust he exploded. I felt jets of Ron's cum filling my ass. I was so excited my cock started pulsating and suddenly I was shooting my load onto the couch. 

Ron looked at me and said "one more thing sissy slut, come here and suck my cock clean." I turned around, got on the floor, knelt over and put his semi-hard cock into my mouth. It had an unusual taste - a mixture of Ron's cum and my ass taste. In my peripheral vision, I caught Juanita on the side of us still filming. She looked at me and gave me a smile and thumbs up. She also threw me a tissue box so I could clean up.

While still kneeling on the floor, I saw Juanita give Ron back my tablet and they both walked to the door. Ron took out his wallet as if to give her a tip for taking part in our encounter. She shook her head no, leaned over and whispered something in his ear. He said to her "sure, no problem." She took my tablet back, typed something in and seemed to hit enter. She then gave Ron the tablet back.

After she left, I asked Ron what that was all about. He said "instead of a tip, she asked for a copy of the video and I agreed." I couldn't believe it and told him so. He responded "it shouldn't be a problem as she said she just wanted it for private viewing." I could only hope so.

Our wives came back from Chichen Itza later that day and told us they had a great time. Once again, we acted as if nothing happened. If only Marcia knew that her husband Chris had transformed into Christina and became a sissy cum slut for our friend Ron. Hopefully the secret was safe. 

I tried to avoid contact with Juanita over the rest of our vacation. Unfortunately, I had to check out at the Concierge desk and Juanita was on duty. Once again, she looked fantastic in her business outfit. I tried to avoid eye contact as she processed the bill. When she was done, she got up and walked around the desk to shake my hand. With a smile and a wink, she looked me right in the eyes and said "I am looking forward to seeing you next year, Christina." Somehow I knew I was in trouble!