 I had been communicating online for years, wanting to take the step and do something about my desires but scared to lose everything, scared that I would not be able to stop, not wanting to hurt family by cheating. The desires had been with me since I was 13, always curious about what it would taste like, intense desire to submit to another guy and let him (or them) take my naked body for their pleasure and mine. 

Secretly looking in the high school showers, checking out their jeans covered asses and bulges, wondering what was underneath. I am and always have been more attracted to women but had the secret desire to be the woman in a sexual encounter, allowing a guy to remove my clothes and use me, maybe allow a group use me. 

I finally told a friend who said she suspected my fantasies and she told me to go out and get some, get it out of my system she said so I could restore my focus to my wife. Well the thoughts have not left and eventually another friend was told - a gay man who I had no attraction to but would understand.

Evan entered my life through reading my fantasies online. Dozees of messages passed back and forth, most highly erotic and tremendously hot. I dropped my guard and told him I would be at the maii in Braintree, MA on a Saturday afternoon, dressed casually in ripped jeans, a white baggy shirt and flip flops, designed for easy removal of course. I wear the hemp anklet on my right ankle, the identifying mark for him when I sit and the leg of my jeans rises. 

After wandering about for 20 minutes, I sit on a bench, and see him a few feet away at the prearranged location. I turn as I get up and he approaches me from behind in the crowded mall, his hand gently grabbing my ass, a finger slipping through a rip and revealing I was wearing nothing underneath. All he says is "the room is waiting" and we proceed out to our cars and to the Sheraton across the street. The excitement of the moment is powerful as I enter the lobby following him to the room where I will lose my virginity and realize my decades long fantasies.

The room is dark as I enter and as I kick off my flip flops Evan is removing my shirt, caressing my chest, reaching around to grab my ass, sliding his fingers inside my jeans and pushing them to the floor. I'm naked in a hotel room with a man who wants me, my cock grows larger then it ever has, I feel like a slut and step to him as he removes his shirt, I unbutton his pants & pull them down, his cock pressing against his underwear, I rub my lips over the cock that wants to be released. My fingers sliding into the his underwear and pulling them down my lips inches from his cock I pull him close to let my tongue slide across his balls, moaning softly his body trembles as my tongue slides to his hard cock and licks his shaft slowly, enjoying every second of this moment. 

On my knees I position my self to take him in my mouth and he enters as my lips part. He pumps gently as my tongue swirls around his cock, my hands squeezing his ass, Evan's in ectasy as my fantasy comes true. Pulling him against me as he fuck my mouth, his hands on my head, both of us moaning, wanting to release. My head bobbing up and down, his cock begins to swell and explodes in my mouth, once, twice, and again. I need more, I have become a whore and I want to be used more, I move to the bed, lie on my back and Evan follows, kneeling between my legs, removes the anklet, tying it around the base of my cock as a cock ring and takes me in his mouth, waves of pleasure race through my body as his tongue and lips massage my hard cock. As I thnk it can't get better he slides a lubed finger inside my ass and pumps it against my g-spot. My fingers digging into the blankets his mouth working my cock something larger enters my ass, a vibrator is turned on and I scream out "don't stop", my cock wants to explode, but he wants to release again, this time taking my cherry. Lubed and ready I pull his head up and tell him "fuck me now". Ever the eager boy, Evan sits up pulling my legs farther apart slowly removing the vibrator that opened me he pulls a condom on then slides in and pumps into me, stroking my cock as he fucks me. I have become the slut I wanted to be, Evan pumps a few times arching his back and I feel him explode into me as I shoot my load.      

He collapses off of me exhausted, but I am ready for more, naked in a hotel outside Boston, full of cum, I have become a cocksucking slut. I take the vibrator and push into my ass, reaching for him I stroke his cock back to erection and with the vibrator in my ass I pull the condom off and take his cum covered cock again into my mouth until he can't take it anymore and fills me with his cum again. Taking control of the vibrator in my ass he pumps into me until I cum and collapse, exhausted but waiting to recover so I can resume me new hobby!