 I got into my car and set the GPS to the address he sent to me in his last email. I lit a cigarette and put the car in drive. He lived only 15 minutes away so I ran a quick errand to the post office, not wanting to appear overly eager by arriving too early. I was eager to meet him though, and arrived at his condo precisely at 1 PM.

He greeted me at the door and immediately took me by the hand and led me inside, After locking the door he turned to me and kissed me on the lips. I was a bit shocked at this, but it was not unpleasant. I responded instinctively and kissed him back.

"Oh, your're a smoker." he almost hissed.

"Is that a problem? I asked.

"No, not really, but you can't smoke in the house, okay?"

"Okay" I said.. 

Then he kissed me again, tenderly, placing one hand on my cheek and the other at the small of my back. I slipped my tongue into his mouth and he reponded in kind. I could feel his erection on my thigh. He lowered his hand to my crotch and felt my package. My cock was also rock hard and he dropped to his knees and pulled my shorts down and took my cock into his mouth. 

He worked his tongue expertly all over my shaft and massaged my ball sack. If he wasn't careful I was sure to explode in his mouth. He knew exactly how to bring me to the brink and teased me just to the point of cumming. My legs were shaking and my head was spinning. I was finally and definitely crossing that gay line.

"I bet you really want to cum don't you? " he teased.

"Oh my God. Yes!" I moaned.

"Come with me." he said, and led me upstairs to the master bedroom.

"Get naked and lay on the bed."

I did so quickly, and he stripped off his clothes and joined me. His cock was big, thick, and hard. I grabbed it tentatively and began stroking him. His cock seemed to get even bigger and harder as I stroked it. I couldn't take my eyes off of his magnificent dick. I kissed him on lips once more and worked my way down licking his neck and lightly sucking on his nipples. He seemed to like it and I lingered a bit still jerking his cock. After a little while I could wait no longer and scooted down further and took him into my mouth.

It was even better than I imagined. The warm spongy skin of his cockhead and the hard shaft tasted wonderful, I wanted to take it all and did my best to throat his big cock. After gagging a couple of times I settled into a nice rythym and worked my mouth up and down. I paused every now and then to lick the underside of his cockhead, and then I would bury my nose in his balls, licking and kissing them. 

"Hold on there Tiger!" he moaned. "I don't want to cum just yet." 

I climbed back up on the bed and we kissed again, more passionately. He pulled me close to him and was rubbing my ass, spreading my cheeks. Then he began playing with my asshole and slowly inserted his finger into me. It felt amazing.

"Hmm, you like that don't you?" he said with a smile.

"Oh yes...oh my god yes!" I purred.

He reached into the drawer of the nightstand and pulled out a dildo. It was actually a vibrator and he lubbed it up before he began to work it into my ass. It was not as comfortable as his finger but after I relaxed, he got it in there pretty deep. Then he turned on the vibrator.

"Holy fucking shit!" I yelled, as he worked it in and out. 

He began pumping my cock with his other hand and I shot a huge spurt of cum, then another and another. My cum everywhere. I started to feel a little guilty and thought I really should get the hell out of there. 

But before the thoughts overtook me, he pushed me down on all fours, quickly lubed up his dick and immediately, slowly, but firmly eased his hot cock into my ass. The feeling was truly amazing. Compared to the impersonal vibrator, his cock felt, well I'm not quite shore to explan it, more friendly maybe. Anyway, he was fairly gentle as he worked his way balls deep into me. I could feel his balls on my ass as his strokes became shorter. He grunted and stayed deep in my ass as he thrust his load inside me. Then he slowly withdrew and sat on the bed close to me.

"Now your ass is gonna feel a little weird for a couple days, but that goes away, okay?" he explained.

"I kinda figured that out for mayself." I smirked.

"Come on, let's go take a shower.."

I could feel his cum leaking from my ass as he led me by the hand to the bathroom. He turned on the water and we stepped in together. We shared another man kiss and then he turned me around to face the wall, spread my legs and got behind me. I thought he was going to fuck me again, but instead he knelt down and started licking and sucking on my sore asshole. After just a few seconds he stood back up and kissed me again, filling my mouth with a mix of ass, cock, and cum.

He then pushed me down to my knees and I was face to face with his semi-hard cock. I could feel him harden as I sucked on his dick. I sucked him for some time until he shot another few thick ropes of cum into my mouth. It tasted slighly salty and slimey on my tongue with a hint of bleach. I swallowed all of it and we shared a final man kiss. 

I dressed quickly and took note of the clock, it was nearly 4 PM. We had been going at it for almost three hours! Amazing.

That night I fucked the living shit out of my wife.