 I was nervous. Frankly, I was even a little afraid. Here I was, 60 and divorced, and I was about to meet a man for sex. After all those years of not even allowing myself to think of it, I had finally taken the step that had been in the back of my mind for years. I was going after cock. I told myself I was up for anything -- fucking, sucking, etc. -- except kissing. Somehow that didn't appeal to me and even turned me off. But after spending the past two months deeply into porn online, telling the truth that what turned me on and got me hard were the cocks -- not the women - and then the men doing their best to suck and fuck them, I was taking the step.

I found Jonas online, through a gay hookup app. He had a reputation that he was proud of, and a track record that came with lots of adulation. His profile said he had a large cock, and that he specialized in helping men who had only thought about it to fully enjoy themselves and discover their love for their fellow man. Or men. 

First off, if I was going to go down this road, I wanted it to be with a guy who was hung. I couldn't say why -- but he had to be bigger than my six inches. It was while I was reading the comments on his profile that I was hooked. 

"Jonas took a long time talking to me before we got to sex. I had tried with other guys before, but something always went wrong and it was disappointing. After he heard that, he suddenly became dominating. He told me what to do. He forced me to suck him and to take him down my throat where he came. I came when he did that! He made me take his cock up my ass and I loved it. He made me gay and now I'm converted."

"Somehow, he knew that I needed to take it slow. Eventually, I gave up my ass to him and he was both loving and demanding. It was perfect." 

There were more accolades, but overall, I got the sense that guys like me were his target. He knew what to do with us. So, I went ahead and contacted him. I was surprised when a day after I sent my email, my phone rang.

"Hi, this is Thomas" I said as I answered it. 

"Thomas, this is Jonas. Do you know who I am?"

"Yes, sir, I do. I'm so happy you called me."

"Happy enough to give you a hardon?" He asked.

"Not yet, since I guess I'm more surprised than aroused."

"Then tell me, Thomas, what would arouse you? What would turn you on, if you could have anything you wanted? Describe your ideal scenario to me. In detail."

"Well, I'm very new at this."

"Forget that bullshit. What have you been fantasizing about?"

"Oh. Well, I guess it would be meeting a tall man, well built, face to face. Noticing that he was well hung, I would move close to him and look up at his face. He'd look at me and tell me to get on my knees. I would do that and be staring at his crotch."

"And?"

"And he'd tell me to go ahead and discover what he had in his pants. I would run my hands up his legs, feeling how big they are and how strong he his, up his stomach and back down, working my way closer and closer to his dick. And then I would start feeling around his cock. I would lay my head against it. Suck on it through his pants. And then I would undo his belt, unzip his pants and reach into them to take out his big dick."

"Good. I'm with you so far. What then?"

"I'd probably just look at it. It would be bigger than mine. Thicker. Because he would be more of a man than I am. I'd slide his pants down his legs to reveal his full length as well as his balls. I'd run my hands all over his crotch -- his balls, his cock, his ass. I would hold his big dick in my hands and feel his strength. And all I would want to do is worship his as an ultimate man."

"Have you ever sucked cock before?"

"Yes, a couple of times I've been to glory holes and sucked the cocks that came through. Most have been small. Desperate guys looking to get off. Never a man who knew his own power and knew he deserved to be blown."

"Very good. So, you would have a big cock in your hands, on your knees, facing it. What then?"

"I'd lick at it. Wash it with my tongue. Make him know I was nothing and his cock was as magnificent tool. I would open my mouth and start to take him into it. I would get it to the back of my throat, hold my breath and push him into my throat. And at that point he would take over and slowly begin to fuck my face. He would hold my head in his hands and pump in and out until his balls bounced on my chin. He would tell me how lucky I was that I was getting to suck him. How worthless I was, and how I could only gain value by sucking his cock and letting him cum down his throat."

"Are you hard now?"

"How did you know?"

"I can hear it in your voice. You want to be dominated by an alpha male, don't you?"

"Yes. I do. I want a big man with a big dick to turn me into his personal cum bucket, his devoted cock sucker."

"Very good. And if he stopped fucking your face?"

"I would ask him what he wants and give it to him."

"Even if that means your ass?"

"Absolutely. I would hope he would want to take my ass. To force his big cock into it and fill me up. To pound my ass until he comes in it."

"And then?"

"Well, that's where I've run out of ideas."

"And if he had other things for you to do, would you? If that included sucking off other guys? If that included being gang banged?"

"Holy shit! I never thought of that! I would if he wanted it. I would do whatever he asked to make him happy and to let me continue to be his cock sucker!"

"Good. Very good. Then you should prepare to come meet me. In two hours. And Thomas, when I say prepare, do you know what that means?"

"I think that means I need to have an enema. Am I correct?"

"Very good, Thomas, you aren't a complete stranger to my world. Do that. And anything else that will clean you up." He gave me his address and hung up.

Holy fuck! I had just committed to being his cock sucker for the night. And more! Oh well, in for a penny, in for a pound as the saying goes. I went into my bathroom and poked through the cabinets until I found the enema kit I thought was there. Then, remembering his admonition, I got out the electric hair trimmer and set it to charge. 

I see no reason to describe giving myself an enema -- do you? Anyway, after I was filled up with liquid and holding it in, I grabbed the hair trimmer. Since I'm not all that hairy, I concentrated on my groin. First, I set up a mirror and arranged myself so I could see what I was doing, and then I removed as much hair as I could around my ass hole.

I was almost finished when I needed to release the pent-up liquid. I took a break for that. I mixed up another batch of fluid and inserted the tube in my ass and let it fill again. And again, I used the time to reduce the hair around my ass. Looking in the mirror, I could see that while I wasn't hairless, I wasn't wondering if the hair was clean. 

I had a choice -- did I want to go completely hairless? The idea appealed to me, especially after some of those "sissy training" videos I'd seen. The problem was I had about 90 minutes -- not enough time to do a thorough job and be on time -- so the decision made itself. The hair trimmer as its closest setting was it for tonight. I then had to expel that liquid before anything else. Then I trimmed my pubes, cutting them short. It would have to do for now. 

I took a shower and got squeaky clean. My dick was hard but I ignored it or I'd never get there on time. Then I was dressed in jeans, a sweater and loafers an on my way. After parking, I made it to his door with a minute to spare. I rang and waited. 

I stood there as the door opened. It was Jonas -- I recognized him from his pictures online -- shirtless, but there was much more of him than I had anticipated. I'm 5'4' -- and he had to be at least a foot taller than me. If I looked straight ahead, I was looking at a well-developed chest with great pecs, topped by hard, brown nipples. I had to lift my head to look into his eyes. 

"Hello, Thomas. Do you like what you see, little man?"

I felt a shiver up my spine and a tingle in my crotch. I looked into his blue eyes and just stared.

"Thomas? Wake up! Snap out of it!"

"Sorry, sir, but I was just caught by your eyes. And your size. You are a big man!"

"Yes. I am. Isn't' that what you wanted?"

"Yes, sir. It is."

"Good. Now step inside and take off your clothes. Then get on your knees and get to work. You know what there is to do. You know you want to suck my cock. Now its time to see if you are worthy of being my cock sucker." 

I did exactly that. I came into his apartment, briefly noting the dark décor, and was naked in a flash. My cock was erect as I fell to my knees on the pillow that somehow appeared in front of him. I was now eyeballing his crotch, and there definitely was something sizeable there! I reached out to feel him. To feel his body. His power. 

It was obvious he worked out. His muscles were well developed everywhere they should be, at least as far as I could see. A flat abdomen with a subtle line of hair reaching into his pants had my mouth watering. My hands zeroed in on his package -- he was much bigger than I was. He really was someone worth worshipping. 

"Get to it, cock sucker!" He commanded.

I pressed my lips up against the bulge in his trousers. I reached through his legs to cup the cheeks of his ass in each hand and pressed into him. I mouthed his cock through his pants and felt a moment of doubt -- could I possibly fit a cock that big in my mouth? Nothing to do but try, right?

And, as I described to him on the phone, I undid his belt and then pulled the zipper down. As I pushed his pants -- no underpants -- down his legs, his cock emerged from them and fell forward onto my face. I grabbed it with both hands and began to stroke him as I took his testicles into my mouth. Or one of them at a time since that's all that fit! Jonas was truly prepared -- he obviously shaved his groin since there were no pubes to contend with. Just flesh. 

"Very good, faggot. Now it's time to suck the cock you always imagined that you wanted. You wanted a big cock? Well, here's one that will fulfill your wildest dreams. And your job is to make it happy. Very, very happy. Can you do that?"

"Yes" I whispered. 

"Then DO IT!" He thundered. "Open your mouth, cock sucker, and eat me!"

Well, the only thing to do was follow orders. I moved from his ball sack to the head of his monster cock, and began to lick it as if it were an ice cream cone. I held him in both hands and began to move them in opposite directions, twisting them slightly as I did. Gentle at first, I needed more saliva on him to have it be what I wanted. And the best way I knew to get saliva on a cock would be to suck it. I opened my mouth and sucked in the head of his dick. 

It filled my mouth, and the taste of it was glorious! It was musky and salty at the same time. It was extremely hot -- like a poker heated in a fire. I closed my eyes and just savored the taste, texture and the power of it. I must have been doing something right as I heard him groan quietly. I took that as a cue, and began to suck, drool, and press forward to take more of him in my mouth. The leaking saliva now lubricated my hands and I began to press his hot, hard cock with my palms and move them all over as I began to bob on his cock. 

I sucked hard, and as I bobbed up and down, I attempted to go further down onto his cock with each stroke. And then I felt his hands on my head and I moaned! He'd remembered that I wanted him to take charge, and as soon as he did it was as if I turned some sort of switch. Up to then I didn't realize I'd been holding anything back, but at that point I understood that my purpose was to be his cum dump. I was there to make him happy. I would do anything he wanted -- if he ordered me to. Or even if he simply demanded it. 

I stopped any struggle, and I found myself concentrating on how he pulled his cock back and then how he ran it into my mouth. He wasn't just hammering me, however. He was like an artist with his dick. It was as if he was making love to my mouth. The movements reminded me of the times I had gotten blowjobs and had it be a dance between my cock and my cock sucker. He took his time with me. He pushed in as far as I had been, then he slowly pulled back until the head of his cock was in my mouth. Then he'd slowly press it back in, further into my mouth this time. He'd move it in tiny motions then, until he again pulled back. 

"Very good, cock sucker. You are doing well. Now you are going to get it all. Are you ready?" He said, holding his cock just outside my mouth. 

"Yes sir. I want it all. I want you to fuck my face and cum down my throat. Please, sir.

"Well, open wide!" And as I did, he slid that big, hot flesh log into my mouth, up to my gag point and past it. He held it in my throat. I felt him flex his dick -- the head expanded in my throat, and the entire cock stiffened. It was amazing! He was feeding me his power! His hands were now on either side of my face, holding my head steady. He pulled back, removing his cock, and then he thrust forward, again pushing into my throat. Then the pace of his movements began to increase. At the same time, he began to hold his cock still and pull my mouth onto it and off it. I was his to use and I was loving it! As he continued to fuck my face, I felt his rhythm change; he kept going but I felt him lose control and then I felt his cum working up his dick and out of the head of his cock. I started swallowing the hot cum he was pumping into my throat, hoping I would have enough air to get it all. And I did. 

When he was drained, he let go and his cock fell out, dripping saliva. It was gorgeous -- still twitching. I pressed my cheek against it. 

"Thomas, you are a very skilled cock sucker. You can stand up now. The bathroom is down the hall. Do you want alcohol or weed?" He asked. 

"Weed sir, if it's not a problem." 

"It's not -- that's my preference as well, and why I asked. It will be waiting when you are back."

After peeing and finding some mouthwash in the cabinet, I came back to the living room and Jonas as on the leather couch, naked. I paused to take a look at him. It was stirring. He gestured and I sat down next to him, feeling small. He lit up the joint and we passed it back and forth until it was done. It was good stuff. Then he spoke:

"Stand up, Thomas. Let me look at you and your body. Turn around and bend over -- look, you've done some trimming. Was that for me?"

"For you, but for me as well, sir."

"Very good. Now bend over and come back towards me." I felt his hands on my ass cheeks, pulling them apart. 

"Time to get you ready, little one." And he put his face between my ass cheeks and began to lick at and around my ass. Soon he was concentrating on the tight rosebud of my asshole, attempting to insert his tongue.

"Relax, Thomas. Just relax -- the weed should help." I closed my eyes and just surrendered to the sensations as he continued. I felt his tongue inside my ass as I relaxed. I looked down and his cock was growing hard again. I grew hard thinking of what was coming, and he noticed. So much so that he stopped his oral attack and spoke to me.

"Why, little man, you've got a hard cock all of a sudden. What were you thinking about that had that happen? Tell me." He said as he went back to tonguing my pucker.

"I was noticing that your cock is hard again, and pretty soon you're going to fuck me with it. And that got me hard, sir." 

At that he stopped his tonguing, stood me up and turned me around. "It's going to need to be lubricated to go in. Get on your knees, cock sucker and lubricate my cock with your mouth."

I didn't need to be told twice. Hell, all I wanted was an opportunity anyway, so I dropped and opened my mouth. With him seated, the angle was just right to go right down to the root of his big cock right away. I summoned up all the spit I could and washed his cock with it. 

"Very good, but let's also use some commercial assistance" he said as he grabbed a bottle from the closest table. Pour this on my cock and soak it. Then turn around and let me lube your asshole." 

That barely took a minute, and I felt him insert the tip of the bottle into my ass and cold liquid flow in. Then he pulled it out and began to work first one, then another and finally three fingers into my ass, spreading them in preparation.

"Now sit on my cock, faggot!" He commanded, and with my back to him I reached through my legs to get hold of his slippery dick and hold it stead, and then I put it against my tiny asshole and pressed outwards as I pressed down and first the head, then inches of his hot meat were in my ass. It was the most amazing sensation -- I was being filled up from my ass, and my guts were expanding to accommodate his dick. I kept pressing down, working to slide more and more of him into me. 

"Bounce a little" he said through clenched teeth. I obeyed, and found that the action let me take more and more of him with every downstroke. I heard moaning and realized it was me! I was loving the feelings, and determined to fit his entire dick into me. I know he didn't object!

At some point, there was nothing more to fit into me. I had his entire cock buried deep in my ass, stretching me, stuffing me, giving me sensations I could barely comprehend. 

"Very good, little one. You got it all in. You know what's next? Next, I am going to bend you over and start to fuck your ass. I am going to tear it apart and make it mine. Are you ready?"

I nodded, unable to say much as I dealt with the incredible fullness of his dick in my ass. I bent forward, placing my hands on the coffee table in front of the couch, and as I did, he moved with me as though we were one body. Now we were both on the floor, on our knees and he was about to ream my ass from behind. He slowly pulled back until the head was the only part left in me, and then just as slowly he pressed forward and drove deep into my guts. I felt his big balls slap against mine. I was taking it all! 

After that, I pretty much held still as he grabbed my hips and began to pick up the pace of his motions. My ass was as open as I could get it and he started to pound in and out. It felt like he was taking a jackhammer into my guts, and my hips began to respond as well. He was pounding me like a machine, and then I felt his rhythm stutter -- like some nerves were firing somewhere, and with a shout he jammed his dick in as far as he could and I felt him shooting his cum deep into my bowels. At the same time, I felt his cock expanding and contracting, flexing -- doing all the things a cock does when it comes. He poured liquid fire into my belly and I came at the same time! It was amazing!

He basically collapsed on me after her ejaculated, and as his cock softened, he pulled it out and pulled back to sit on the couch. I turned around and took his dick into my mouth to clean it off, ignoring the little voice in my head that wanted to get disgusted because it had just been in my ass -- but it was cleaned earlier, and I wanted to do everything and anything to make sure he liked the service he got. I wanted more from him and figured the only way to get it was to shrug off all my limits. When I was finished, I sat back on my haunches and looked up at him. 

"Damn, Thomas. For someone who said he needed to be forced into this, you sure surprised me. You are as adventurous as anyone I've ever had. You deep throat. You fuck. Is there anything you won't do?"

"I never thought about it until you asked. I guess I wouldn't want to do anything with piss or shit. I'm not a big fan of pain of any sort. If it's sex, though, I'm up for it. I guess I have a lot of lost time to make up for."

"Well good. We'll see what we can do to correct that missing piece."

And that began a chapter in my life that actually is still in progress. There's more to tell if I can get to it. Right now, Jonas has me busy preparing for a group of his friends who are coming over. He says I'll like what they have to offer. I hope so!