 Now that I had met and submitted to Jonas, my life was about to take a turn. For the better? For the worse? I'm not sure how I'd quantify it, but it has certainly fulfilled all my sexual fantasies and then some!

I met with Jonas to find out about myself. After we talked -- ahead of meeting -- and then met, what I found out was that I only wanted to please him and that he could ask me to do anything and I would accept. Not only that, but I found myself doing things he didn't ask because they just seemed natural. Like after he fucked my ass the first time, I cleaned off his cock without being asked. I mean, I knew my ass was pretty clean (after an enema and only filled with his cum) so it just seemed more important to please him by cleaning off his big cock than to worry about what was going in my mouth. He liked it.

I liked that, as a small man (5' 4") he towered over me -- he was very much the alpha male. Not only that, but he had a big cock -- and that was very important to me. To have a big man with a big cock take me on as his cum slut was important. Not sure why, but when it happened it just seemed so damned right! 

In any case, after the first night I spent with him, I had gone home and basically done nothing but remember how it went and beat off. Remembering getting naked and on my knees got me hard. Remembering how I approached him, how I felt the heat of his cock through his pants, how I realized it was so much bigger than mine got me harder. The memory of unzipping his jeans and seeing that big, growing tube of flesh emerge and drip a tiny bit of precum almost made me cum right there, but I backed off and tried to remember the entirety of how I took it in my mouth, then in my throat and then swallowed every drop as he came down my throat. Trying to remember the pulsing and pumping of his cock and the hot jets of cum in my throat always got me off! I didn't know when or how we would meet again, but I was dying for him to call me over and please him. In the meantime, every time I thought about that time, I was hard and beating off. 

It was the Friday after our time together that he finally called me. The phone rang and I picked it up.

"Thomas, get over here now. I want you to suck me off. To begin with. There will be more. Any problems?"

"No, Jason. I need to take care of about fifteen minutes worth of things and I will be there."

"Very good. You did a very good job on my cock and I've been bragging to some friends about how good you are. They are anxious to see for themselves. Get here soon."

With that he hung up. My mind went into overdrive and my cock was hard as a rock as I realized that he had gathered up men who were going to gang fuck me. He thought I was good enough to give to his friends. I got a warm feeling from it. But I only indulged for a minute or so -- I had to prepare. That meant an enema to clean out my ass, so I jumped into the bathroom and took care of business, then threw on pants, a t-shirt and thongs -- no underwear -- and flew out the door. I didn't break any speed records getting there, but it was just 15 minutes and I was at his door. I heard the sounds of men inside, laughing and joking as I rang the bell. I heard his voice saying "that will be Thomas, the treat I promised you all."

He opened the door and his size and his blue eyes took my breath away. 

"Ah, Thomas, here at last. Are you ready? Tonight, will truly test you and your limits. Please don't disappoint me -- or my friends. As I said, I've bragged on you to them. First, however, come inside."

I entered, turning to face Jason, and caught the smell of weed, alcohol and men. As I inhaled, I stripped. Once I was naked, I fell to my knees in front of him.

"Oh ho! Fellas, Thomas here is ready and willing. He hasn't even met you all, or gotten further inside than the hallway and look at him! Naked, on his knees, his face in my crotch. What are you here for, little man?"

"I'm here for your pleasure, sir. I want to suck cock and get fucked by real men; big men with big cocks."

I heard whistles and applause behind me, but kept my eye on Jonas. 

"Then let's start this off right. Back up until you are in the center of the room. Then unzip me, get me hard and show all my friends why I raved to them about your ability."

Again, whistles and cheers as I edged backwards. Jason moved forward as I moved back. When I felt like I was in the center of the room I stopped and he moved his crotch into my face. That was my signal, I guess. In any case, I took it as my signal. 

Since he was barefoot, I started with his feet. I knew they were big -- and that the legs they were attached to were heavily muscled and strong -- and I bent down to kiss his feet. I licked at his Achilles tendon. I tongued his toes on one foot and then the other. As I was doing that my hands ran up his legs, front and back, pressing his flesh and feeling the power there. 

I lifted my head as my hands got to his thighs -- I had no choice because I don't bend like I used to - and pressed it up against the growing bulge at his crotch. The more I pressed into the muscles of his legs, the harder his cock grew under his pants. 

"Very good, little man" he whispered. "Now get down to business!"

I needed no further urging, and hurriedly unbuckled his belt, drew his zipper down and unbuttoned his pants, finally sliding them and his boxers to the floor. What emerged was his magnificent cock, growing larger and harder by the minute. I pressed my cheek up against it, feeling the heat of it. I licked at his big balls and worked my mouth up from there to the helmet of his cock. Then I began to swirl my tongue around the tip, and each time a circle completed I took a little more into my mouth. 

Oh, the delicious taste of him! Salty and musky, with a slightly sour smell coming from his pubes. I took more and more of his cock into my mouth until it hit the back of my throat with about 6 inches remaining. At that point I took a deep breath, relaxed my throat muscles and pushed down as his magnificent tool entered my throat. And I kept pushing until my nose was buried in his pubes. My tongue was busy, washing the bottom of his dick, pressing hard into it. My hands were on his balls and his ass. I pulled back a little and then pressed him forward into me. He got the message and began a rocking motion in his hips, fucking my throat. I kept my throat open for his cock. 

I heard murmurs coming from behind me. I'd like to think I was impressing all the men watching but I couldn't give enough attention to them and still continue to let him fuck my face. I felt him grab my head -- he knew what I liked -- and then he held it still as the pace of his pounding increased. He was fucking my face, using me as his jerk off toy, and my cock was as hard as it had ever been! Soon enough I felt his rhythm break as he got closer and closer to the edge. Then, with a deep groaned I felt the jerking and twitching at the root of his dick as his balls gave up their treasure. He held my head buried into his stomach and I felt pulse after pulse of cum work its way up his cock and shoot into my throat. I held my breath and just let him use me. 

As the last drop of cum shot into me he relaxed and let go of my head. I pulled back.

"Fucking amazing, am I right? He took in every inch and swallowed every drop. He's an amazing cum bucket, gentlemen, and now he's yours." Looking down at me, he said "it's what you wanted, remember? They are going to fill you up with cum over and over. Enjoy this, little man!"

I whispered "thank you" and then turned around and leaned back against his wet, shrinking and softening dick. What I saw in front of me was beyond any of my wildest dreams!

Of the six men in the room in addition to Jason, none of them were smaller than six two. Big men. What was even better was that all six were showing signs of major hardons. 

I wasn't sure what to do -- or who to do -- first. Jonas resolve that for me very quickly.

"Tony, dig out that big dick of yours and feed it to the little man here. He likes big cocks and you make mine look small, so let's reward him for that display with a real challenge!"

There were comments and laughs from all the other men, but I simply watched, enchanted by the thought of a bigger cock than Jonas'. And I was not disappointed. Tony made a show of it; first he removed his shirt, showing off well chiseled chest and abs -- he must have been some sort of athlete at some point and kept it up. Looking at his upper body my mouth began to water, and then he slowly unbuckled his pants, unbuttoned them, drew down the zipper and slid them off. Holy fuck! His uncircumcised cock had to have been a foot long! The head was barely visible through his foreskin, and it was surprisingly thin for the length of it. I was on it in a flash, kissing it, licking it, stroking it, caressing it, teasing it -- just glorying in the feel of a real man's cock and preparing myself to impress everyone there. After licking from the base of it to the tip, I opened my mouth and just took it in. Every inch of it. My throat was already opened by Jonas' thicker meat, so it was easy enough to simple take him all the way in without preamble. 

"Holy fuck!" He exclaimed. "I never, ever thought someone could take it all -- let alone without any warmup. Way to go, faggot! You are really good. Jonas, how can I make him my own personal cock sucker?"

Jonas laughed, his deep voice resonating in the room. "By the end of tonight, you may have to fight everyone to have him. We're just getting started, remember? But don't worry -- come here when he's here and he's yours. That goes for all of you."

Another deep voice was heard from. "He take it up the ass, Jonas?"

"Hell, yes! What are you waiting for, Shane? He's dying for some big black cock -- lube up and we'll watch you and Tony spit roast him. He'd love it -- wouldn't you, little man?"

I looked at him and tried to nod, but with Tony's dick all the way down my throat, it was awkward. Never the less, Jonas understood.

"Catch that, men? That was a yes. He wants a cock in his ass and one in his mouth for as long as we can get hard."

My six-inch dick was hard as a rock at that point. I pushed my ass back and felt a large pair of hands begin to play with it. First, they just lightly played with each cheek, and then they were squeezing and kneading them. I felt them spread wide, and then the most unexpected sensations as lips and a tongue were suddenly attacking my asshole. 

"Little one, Shane's an expert at rimming. Let him open up your ass -- you'll be thankful you did, since he's got a really fat cock."

I made some sort of noise around Tony's cock, which by now was fucking my throat much as Jonas had done. I held my head still and kept my throat open -- my mouth became a face pussy for Tony as I felt Shane's tongue open my asshole and bury itself up my chute. Then he stopped, and I felt cool liquid run down the crack of my ass -- lube. He used his fingers to push it deep into me, coating my insides. 

"Okay, little white meat, you about to get a real cock shoved up your ass. Here comes my big black cock."

With that I felt the pressure of an enormous object at my anal ring. I pressed down, opening myself, and the head of his cock popped into my rectum. Held in place as I was, I could only imagine what it looked like. It felt like a baseball bat, frankly, except that it was both hard and soft at the same time, and hot like a burning spear. Tears came to my eyes, but I didn't do anything to stop him from pressing deeper and deeper into my bowels. 

My God, it was the most exquisite agony ever! This amazingly large, fat, burning hot cock was driving into me, filling me up, stretching me, giving me sensations, I still can't describe. At the same time Tony was now jackhammering my face, his balls bouncing on my chin as his cock must have been reaching into my stomach. I was sure they were going to start banging into each other -- they were going to meet somewhere inside me and I just gave myself up to the sensations. Nothing in either end, and then suddenly two feet cock skewering me. Remove, repeat, remove, repeat, faster and faster. My body was a sleeve for their cocks and I started to go some place that seemed to be outside of myself until I heard Jonas.

"Come on, little one, show them how you love this. Don't be passive. Draw the cum out of the balls and into you."

Suddenly, my tongue was finding new places on Tony's cock, and I started squeezing Shane's might muscle, tightening my ass and loosening it. I heard him gasp and knew it was the right thing to do. Within moments I felt the telltale break in rhythm from both men. They were about to cum, and now I wanted it to happen to both of them at the same time. I had no idea how to make that happen, but I was determined to try. I continue squeezing Shane's cock as it plowed my ass, and I changed the angle of my head and throat to change what Tony was feeling and that seemed to work. Within a minute both of them were moaning and grunting, their cocks pulsing as jet after jet of their burning hot spunk filled my belly and my ass. I remember Shane jamming his cock as deep into me as he could and feeling that fat spear shoot jet after jet of hot liquid into my bowels. He kept pressed into me and kept cumming as Tony jammed his pubes into my face and his cock erupted. 

We stayed like that for what felt like a long time but may only have been moments before they pulled out of me, their dicks dripping cum. I grabbed Tony's and sucked him dry, then turned around and shoved Shane's messy meat into my face, licking and cleaning him off. 

No sooner had I turned my back to Tony than I felt another cock at my asshole. The cum already in there meant no lube was needed. The cock that impaled me was like a steel bar -- I was impaled by a burning spear of man meat and he was off to the races, pumping in and out like a fuck machine. Jonas spoke up.

"That's Billy in your ass, little man. He has the most amazing hardon -- once he's hard it won't go down until he cums, and he won't stop till that happens anyway. Go, Billy, and ream his little ass!"

"Sure will, Jonas!" said Billy as he took advantage of the lubricated sleeve of my rectum. He was pounding me brutally, and frankly, I loved it! I held my ass still and let him go at it as I cleaned off Shane's big dick. And much like my ass, as soon as Shane pulled out there was another cock in my face. Bigger than mine, smaller than Jonas' but sizable enough to belong to a real man, not some little wimp like me. 

"That's Rod fucking your face, little man. Make him happy and you will be very glad you did." 

That seemed odd, since Jonas knew that that was what I was there for. I didn't get caught up in thinking about it, however -- I once again applied myself to the cocks that were using me. I grabbed Rod's ass and kept pulling him into me. I squeezed my ass around Billy's cock as it fucked me. 

At some point I felt wetness around my knees and realized I had cum from being fucked without touching myself. I was kneeling in a puddle of my own cum, on the floor, urging these big men to fill me with their cum. And as Billy and Rod began to pump their hot fluid into me, I realized that there were still two more men getting ready -- and hoped that by the time they got through with me people would be ready for seconds. Because I was in my element. I had become a cum dump for big men and I loved it. I gloried in it. I had found what I was meant to do and be and wanted them to keep me full of their cocks until they couldn't cum any more. 

That night went on for a long time. Just as before, when Billy and Rod were through, the final two (Avery, another big, black cock, and Wally, another uncircumcised monster) took their places and we were off to the races again. Spunk was dripping out of my asshole, pushed out by each successive cock that fucked, dripping down my crack, over my balls and adding to the puddle on the floor. My belly was filling with cum. And then I felt a spray of hot liquid on my back -- they were jerking off onto my body -- and I came again!

At some point during that night we moved off the floor and onto a bed. I got off my knees eventually and sat down on Tony's long cock, driving it deep into my guts. Shane's big black cock was in my mouth, and had a cock in each hand. The final part of the night was when the had me kneel, open my mouth and hold it open, and then they beat off and came in my mouth until not only was my mouth full of hot, sticky cum, but the rest of my face was covered with whatever didn't land in it. Once they all came, I swallowed their cocktail and they all applauded. I can't recall ever being that happy before! 

I look at the pictures of that -- hell, I look at the pictures and videos of the entire night -- and my emotions run the gamut from pride to shame to lust and excitement. I've almost rubbed my cock raw this week. And Jonas tells me there's more coming this weekend. 

I can't wait!