 Little old me had become the sex object for 7 big men. All of them alpha male types -- athletes and former athletes who could have had their pick of any woman and I'm their preferred cum dump. I still can hardly believe it! 

It started when I worked up the courage to go for what I wanted -- I'd found a reference to Jonas on a gay app (that I could barely acknowledge having at the time) as a "trainer for new men interested in the life." He asked me about the things I'd been thinking. Fantasizing about. The things that I had never admitted to anyone else. And then when we first met, he started to make them happen. It was a magical night that opened a big door for me. A week later, he gave me to six of his friends and that was amazing. (Both episodes are here on Literotica in this series.)

From that night forward, I've become their pass-around cum dump. Over the next few weeks, if they aren't getting together, one or more will invite me to their homes. Jason, unfortunately, is generally busy with the next newbie to reach out to him. He has promised more time with me, but until that happens, I'll take any opportunity I can to serve an alpha male. And I have at least six who know how willing I am -- and at least two of them have promised that they'll have friends the next time they have me over. That's exciting!

So, I wind up going to one of their homes to satisfy them. Some of them are married, others have girlfriends, and one is single and playing around. In a couple of cases, they've brought in their female partner. That's been very interesting sex, and it's become a favorite for me. Blowing a guy in front of his wife, and having her actually study what I was doing was strange at first, but then it became a matter of showing off. And in every case (okay, three times) it seems that they were as interested in seeing male to male sex as most guys are in seeing female to female sex! I would never have thought about it, but it makes sense. 

Carol, Rod's wife, had known he went both ways but had never seen him in action before. As it turned out, she wasn't sure about what part he was playing. Was he sucking cock? Getting fucked? Actually, after we were done and I had swallowed his cock and cum and let him pound my ass, she told us that was really what she wanted to see. She wasn't disappointed -- hell, she got naked and played with herself while she watched. Hell, she could have gone on camera and made money! She was almost six feet tall, had an enormous pair of tits, a shaved pussy and an all-over tan, and as Rod fucked my ass, I watched her shove a large black dildo in and out of her pussy while holding a vibrator to her clit! 

After she and Rod had cum, she put that dildo into a strap-on harness and proceeded to use his cum as a lubricant and the SHE fucked my ass. That got Rod hard again and he went after my mouth and throat. And I have to say, she did things with that artificial cock that were every bit as exciting as any of the live ones I'd had! As Rod fucked my face, she started to talk about how she wanted to take his ass like that. His cock grew harder (and maybe even bigger) as he heard that. She saw that he reacted to it, and said something.

"I think you like that idea, don't you, Rod?"

I tried to say something, but talking with nine inches of cock in your face doesn't really allow for brilliant conversation. Mostly it was a grunt and a moan -- but it was enough that she told him to stop and pull out to hear what I had to say. He did, continuing to stroke his dick, as I took a moment before I responded. 

"Carol, all I wanted to say is when you talked about that, his cock got harder than I've ever seen it. I swear it grew!"

"He's right, Carol. It pushed some sort of button. I don't know..."

"Knock it off, mister! Your little cum bucket here takes it all -- he can help get you ready. You wanted wild sex? You wanted to show off how you found someone who would do anything for your cock? Well, now you get to get it yourself! What does he need to do, Thomas?"

"Well, first of all he should go take a dump. If you have an enema kit, I recommend it -- I always use one -- but at least use the bathroom! Wash and come back."

Hardon sticking out in front of him like an arrow, Rod went into the bathroom as Carol continued to pound my ass.

"So, you like it up the ass, Thomas? I can take it or leave it -- we only do it once it a while, so I guess that's what attracted him to you."

"I don't know -- you have to ask him. What I really like is being the toy for a big man. Or, in your case, a big woman. I'm here for your pleasure -- you being bigger than me somehow means you're superior, and pleasing you becomes an honor. A privilege."

"Wow. That's wild. So, if I decided to piss on you, you would be fine with that?"

"Hmmm...no one ever hinted at that, and I've never considered it, but yes, if it would make you happy I would."

"You may have more uses than you realize."

And with that, Rod reappeared. "What now, little man?"

"Give me your ass to make ready. Do you guys have any lubricant?"

They both laughed, heartily.

"I'll take that as a yes. One of you should get it out and handy."

Rod reached into a night stand and came out with a tube. Then he moved in front of my face. His cock was no longer as erect as before but it was still a mighty fine tool. 

"No, Rod, turn around. Much as I love your big dick, it's your ass I want!"

He obeyed, presenting his muscular ass to me. I parted his cheeks and began to kiss and lick from the top of his crack down around his puckered hole, beyond that to the back of his balls, and then worked my way back up. This time, as I got to his asshole, I stopped and began to lick harder. I kept trying to ease my tongue past his sphincter. 

"That looks amazing. How does it feel?"

"Strange. Good. Strangely good. What do I need to do next, little guy?"

I pulled back from his now wet asshole. "Relax. Stop fighting my tongue. You will love the feel of my hot, wet tongue in your ass, I promise. This is going to sound weird, but concentrate on relaxing."

He bent forward, and Carol stopped fucking me a just held still with that big dildo deep in my ass. She was fascinated, apparently. 

Rod took my advice and I could feel his puckered anus muscles relax. I kept a steady pressure on them with my tongue, and soon could feel him allow me in. His moans indicated that he was enjoying this. I sure hoped so -- I was working hard to make him want this. My hands held his ass cheeks spread widely apart; my tongue was now easily moving in and out of his rear tunnel. I stopped.

"Get on your hands and knees, and give me that lube." I said. He passed it back and assumed the position. I let go of his ass cheeks and let his glutes press against my face as I continued to tongue fuck him, using my hands to open the lube and spread it on my fingers. I then began working a finger into his ass, instead of my tongue. When that was smoothly moving, I added another finger and then a third, all now coating him with lube and moving in and out. 

"Carol, I hate to say it, but can you remove your cock from my ass and bring it around here?" 

She complied, leaving me feeling empty, and moved until her dildo was close at hand. I used my available hand to coat it with more lube, then pulled back and positioned her at the entrance to his ass. Thinking quickly, I got on my back so my head was looking up at his magnificent cock and balls as well as her cock and her dripping pussy. I grabbed that big black plastic tool and brought it to the entrance to his ass. 

"Carol, just hold it there. Don't try to force it. Stay steady. Rod, you want to do two things -- bear down like you were taking a dump, and move back at the same time. You can control how much and how deep that way. The tough part will be getting the head in -- you might feel pain, but it will subside. Ready?"

He grunted and I watched in awe as the dildo slowly entered his ass. As the tip got in, he stopped, breathing in and out rapidly. That was the pain I had told him about. 

"Keep breathing hard. That pain will go away. When you're ready, press back and let it fill you up."

"Little man, I would never have done this without you, you know." He said. My heart swelled -- I had done something he liked!

"Yeah, he's been to afraid to get fucked ever since I brought it up. Thanks, Thomas." Said Carol. 

And I watched in awe as he began to lean back and her big black dildo slowly disappeared into his ass. Here were these two magnificent examples of big, beautiful humans and they were letting me help! Pretty soon she was pressed up against his ass cheeks, her cunt right above my face.

"Just hold it there so he can adjust to it." I said.

"Well, as long as I'm standing still, then you ought to try eating pussy, Thomas." She said. I realized she had no idea that I used to be hetero. When I began to tease the outer lips of her cunt, she seemed surprised. 

"Damn! Rod, he's not just a good cocksucker, he knows pussy as well! I just might trade you in at this rate. He eats pussy, loves his ass fucked -- the things you need to learn!"

"Well, you've got your favorite dildo buried in my ass -- and can start fucking it at any time -- so maybe you'll keep me around?"

"I am not moving while Thomas is eating me. You want your ass fucked now, you have to do all the work!" She ground her pussy on my face and I redoubled my efforts to make her cum. Rod began to move back and forth, sliding on the black pole she had attached to her waist. As soon as my tongue met her clit, she started cumming and I got a face full of it. It messed with Rod's movements so he just held still. 

When she'd finished, she recovered enough to begin to take charge. "Okay, cock sucker, you did good with my pussy. Now take in his dick as I fuck him. Gotta give him some reason to let me, right?" I slide around so I was now looking up at his cock, hard again. I pulled it down to my mouth and let it in. Once he felt that hot wet warmth, his motions became exaggerated and he began to fuck my face as his wife banged his ass. 

I felt his cock twitch -- he'd not cum when I was blowing him before, so he was ready quickly. With a few more thrusts he jammed himself down my throat and began to let loose a stream of sperm shots. I felt Carol's movements stop -- his ass was contracting and grabbing that dildo. She knew it. After his initial flood of cum, she began to make tiny movements, and each one led to another jet of cum running from his balls into my stomach. It was amazing!

When it all stopped, we pulled apart and just lay there on their king-sized bed, panting. It was then I noticed the blinking red lights in different parts of their bedroom. They were recording the whole thing. Not that I had a problem with it -- but I knew I was going to be called back there sooner than later as they watched the tapes and more thoughts of more sex grew in their minds. I smiled as the three of us drifted into sleep.