 Author's Note: All my works are based on fantasy and are to be considered erotic fiction. I would love to hear from all readers with comments and suggestions. Please contact me via the CONTACT tab on my profile Thank you. Pete Metro

*

My wife and I just came off an 8-night cruise out of New York City to Florida and the Bahamas in late January. Cruising in January from the Northeast to the Southeast is interesting. You embark with winter coats and as the ship travels south you shed your layers as you adjust to warmer air. Of course, the nights on board are always chilly when not indoors. Despite this, I prefer these winter getaways more than the summer cruises. The cruise also has much fewer kids on board, which is always a plus for me.

A few weeks before the cruise, I came across a meet-up website (meetmeonboard.com) designed for cruisers looking for a hook-up, some social time or even to find a fellow travel companion. It reminds me of the old Craigslist Personals Section, but just for cruisers. I decided to become a paying member for a year to see if it would pay off. I was a bit skeptical since it seems like such a small pool of possible contacts.

When the day came to set sail, I didn't have any contacts, so I was disappointed, but not surprised. I am in my early fifties, keep in good shape and regretfully live in a sex-less marriage. So, I had resigned myself to enjoy the female, but mostly male eye candy -- and there was plenty of it.

Whenever I cruise, I always get the high-speed internet package to keep in touch for personal and business purposes. On the 3rd day, I received an email from a member on this website. He writes, "I am a 26-year-old guy traveling with my brother. I need to be discreet as I am not out yet. Hope to hear from you, Justin." I was delighted to get an email from someone else on the same cruise. I immediately emailed him to arrange a meet up time as he could only read my messages and not reply as he was not a paying member. We arranged to meet at 10 pm in a lounge (at this time of night, my wife is sleeping back in the stateroom.). I identified myself by my clothing and where I was sitting. At 5 minutes after in walks a guy who walked by me twice and I nodded. He sat down across from me and said, "Hello, I am Justin. I replied, Great to meet you. My name is Pete." I asked if he wanted a drink. We both got up, went to the bar and got ourselves two beers. We sat in the corner of the lounge and he proceeded to tell me that he has been curious for years and his brother has no idea. 

For about an hour sitting in a dark, semi private area drinking (on our 3rd beers now), I gently reached out and began to rub his thigh slightly. I asked him when the last time he "got-off" was and he replied, "this morning." I learned Justin and his brother are in a stateroom with single beds. He said he and his brother have both caught each other jerking off from time to time and have seen each other naked while showering, etc. But he doesn't think his brother would understand his bi-curious desires. I asked him if he was attracted to his brother and he looked at me funny and said, "I love him obviously, I mean he is my brother, but I also sometimes get hard when I see him naked. He is in such great shape." I learned his brother is 28 years old and they are from Michigan, and this is the first time they are traveling on a cruise together without the rest of their family. The thought of two brothers going on a cruise together is really neat and special. 

I asked what his brother was doing, and he said he was working out and then was gonna go back to the room for the night. I then said, well it looks like our staterooms are not gonna work, so let's go to a family bathroom in a discrete area so I can take care of you (I really needed to feel a cock in my mouth.) We got up walked to another part of the ship. As I passed the pool area, I grabbed a few towels and entered a family bathroom and locked the door. With the low humming of the engines and ambient noise in the area, it helped us feel a bit more private, but we still wanted to keep it quiet.

Justin was a very good-looking man. He was clean shaven with a buzz cut, average to husky build, moderately hairy with a nice bulge in his blue jeans. I walked up to him, rubbed my hand through his buzz cut while using my other hand to pull him close as I rubbed up and down his back and then grabbed his ass over his jeans. I leaned into him as I lightly kissed his lips and tried to slowly force my tongue inside. After a few seconds, he opened up and as my tongue entered him, I pressed the back of his head into my mouth. As my other hand groped his junk, I could feel a six inch very thick erection along the right side of his jeans. His response to my touch was amazing. He went from being very passive to an aggressive guy in heat in a matter of a minute. He was now squeezing into me and our crotches were slammed together.

He shoved me against the sink as he pulled my shirt out of my jeans and began to rub up my bare skin lightly squeezing my nipples. Then he shoved his hand into my jeans going right to my cock and balls. His hand tight against my skin, held there by my pants and belt as he fondled my balls with his fingers.

Suddenly, he yanked his hand out of my pants, detached from my mouth as he dropped to his knees. On his knees, he grabs my ass and pulls my crotch into his face and says, "I want to take care of you." As he looks up at me, he begins to quickly unbuckle by belt, open the button on my jeans and pull the zipper down. My pants and briefs slide down at the same time as my six inches slap him in the face. I had all to do to keep my balance as I was leaning on the sink. 

Justin wasn't shy as he deep throated me while caressing my balls. He worked me over for a few minutes bringing me to the edge several times. Each time I was close to blowing, I grabbed his head and said, "I am gonna cum." He said, "not yet" and then took each nut in his mouth, sucking and licking. All of a sudden, Justin raised each leg and removed my sneakers, then pulled my briefs and underwear off. He whispered, "get down on all fours." He threw the towels on the floor as I got into position. So, there I was on my hands and knees, naked from the waist down with Justin kneeing with his face at my ass. He spread my cheeks as he dived right in licking my ass and teasing my hole as a hand reached under and grabbed my hanging balls. It was an amazing sensation and found myself involuntarily pushing my ass into his face shoving his tongue deeper into my hole. After what seemed like forever (it was only a few minutes), he turned me over, grabbed my balls as he licked up and down my shaft while jerking me off at the same time. As I was quickly approaching orgasm, I warned Justin to back off. He just said, "give me your load." That is all I needed to hear, and I started bucking wildly as I held onto his head. I came in buckets as he deep throated me. As I shot five times I could feel him gulping which was so awesome. As I settled down, he continued to gently stroke and suck out every drop. He was so gentle as I always get so sensitive afterwards.

As he let my cock go, he leaned on top of me and open mouth kissed me and said, "thank you." I could smell and taste the remnants of my juice as we shared saliva. As I got up and put my briefs, pants and shoes back on I looked at Justin and said, "now it is my turn to taste your sweet juice."

As Justin stood up, I got on my knees and pulled his zipper down. With his jeans still latched and buckled, I pulled apart his zippered opening and placed my face as far in as I could and just took in a few deep breaths. The scent was intoxicating. I reached in and caressed his bulge then pulled apart the slit in the middle of his briefs and fished his cock out. It was semi-hard at this point. With my hands on his ass, I put his cock in my mouth and gently blew hot air on it without touching the edges of my mouth. His response was so awesome as he moaned about shoved his pelvis forward almost causing me to gag until I could get used to it. I licked and sucked him from the tip to the root and back again as he was naturally thrusting into me. As I continued to do this, I used one hand to unbuckle his pants and took a momentary break while I pulled his pants down to his ankles and set his balls free. I went down on his balls licking and sucking each one of them in my mouth then went back up to work on his cock while one hand caressed his ass and the other gently played with his balls. 

This went on for about ten minutes when he started to pick up the pace and told me he was gonna cum. Before he finished the sentence, he was shooting in my mouth. I swallowed some and kept some in mouth. He was so sensitive right after shooting he started squirming, so I stood back up, grabbed his head and forced my tongue into his mouth as we shared a glob of his cum. As I pushed into his mouth, I felt him take several gulps. I then went back on my knees to lick the few droplets of cum oozing out. I pulled his underwear up and tucked him back in.

After we cleaned up, we walked to another bar where a band was playing and downed another beer together. Since we had five nights left on the cruise, I asked him if he wanted to get together again. Justin told me that was the best blow job he had ever received. That made just made my day -- or night!

Justin said he had a perfect idea of how we could meet up again before the cruise was over. This is what he was thinking ...