 I was driving cross country on my way to a new job. It was the second week of August, and we were in the middle of a raging heat wave. I was somewhere in Indiana, and the thermometer in my car said it was 103 degrees outside. Luckily, I had a fairly new car and the a/c was in good working order. 

I was traveling pretty light. The moving truck bringing my things was a day or so behind me, so it was just me and the open road. I was making really good time, but being alone I could only go so far in one day.

It was starting to get dark, and I wasn't too far from the border of Illinois, so I decided to find a motel to stay the night and make the drive through Chicago the next day. Unfortunately every hotel I found was booked up. Everyone kept telling me to go a little further down the road and I would find a room. 

About an hour latter I finally found a place with a vacancy. They had one room left with a single bed. I told the clerk it was fine and took it. The hotel was pretty run down and old, what most people would refer to as a "flea bag". I didn't really care at this point though. I just wanted to get out of the car and get some rest.

I was also starving ans after checking in and getting the key, I didn't even go in the room to have a look, I just got back in the car and headed for the restaurant a little ways away the clerk had told me about. It was a typical place, kind of like an Applebees, but I had never heard of it before. I went in and sat at the bar and order some food and a drink. 

About five minutes latter, a guy came up to the bar beside and asked the bartender if it was too late to order some food. He told the guy that it wasn't, so the stranger looked at me and asked if it was alright for him to sit next to me. 

"No problem." I replied, and he took the bar-stool next to mine. He was very handsome, taller, and had jet black hair. His complexion was also quite dark, and he had big blue eyes.

"My name's Tyler." he said politely and shook my hand. I told him my name and that it was nice to meet him.

He told me he was on his way to Boston to visit some friends and that he had stopped to find a motel room for the night, but not having any luck so far he decided to stop and get some food before it got to late. I was sorry to have to tell him the bad news, but felt duty bound to let him know that he wasn't going to find a room for long ways, being that I had come from the direction he was heading.

"Shit!" he exclaimed after hearing it, "That sucks." 

He explained how he had been driving all day and was just dead, and the thought of having to go for hours still was not a good one.

Our food soon arrived and we started to eat. We chatted the whole time, where we were from, what we did for work and fun, that kind of thing. The entire time we talked I felt really sorry for the guy. He was super friendly, and I wished there was some way I could help him out. Then it hit me.

"I could share my room with you, if you want." I blurted out without really thinking about it. He didn't respond at first, but after a moment said, "Are sure that's cool?"

"Yeah, totally." 

"I won't lie to you, I really don't want to drive anymore tonight."

"Really. It's no problem with me whatsoever." I reassured him. 

He agreed and we decided that we might as well get a couple of drinks and relax in the cool air of the bar.

We headed back to the hotel after a while. I hadn't mentioned to Tyler that the room only had one bed. I didn't know why I didn't tell him at first, but I figured he probably wasn't going to care that much anyway, given his situation. We got our bags out of our cars and I opened the door to the room.

"There's only one bed." Tyler said as he set his bags down.

"Sorry," I said, "I guess I hadn't thought about that before."

"It's cool, I can just take the floor or whatever." he replied.

It was still blistering hot outside, and our room was like an oven. Unfortunately it also had no air conditioning. I quickly opened the window to try and get some air in, but it had very little effect.

"Well, I guess were fucked." I said after pointing that fact out to Tyler.

"Oh, well." he just shrugged, "Still beats driving all night."

We were both pretty tired and a little drunk, so we decided to call it a night and try and get some sleep. We opened our bags and started to take our clothes off, and when I had gotten down to my boxers I turned around and caught Tyler just as he was taking off his shirt. He had already taken his pants off and was wearing boxer briefs. I couldn't help myself from looking down at his crotch. It was like my eyes had a mind of their own, and from the bulge in his undies It was obvious he had a large package. I quickly looked away before he got his shirt all the way off and caught me checking him out, and then got into bed.

"Hey, do you mind if I sleep on the bed too?" he asked somewhat sheepishly, "I just know I wont get any sleep on the floor."

"Sure, no problem." I answered without a second thought.

Tyler hit the lights and laid down next to me.

"Thanks again." he said quietly.

It was so hot in there that there was no way we could have even so much as a sheet over us, and between the heat and the light coming from outside into our open window it was nearly impossible to fall asleep. Not to mention the fact that I normally sleep in the nude and having boxers on made it that much more difficult.

I turned on to my side as Tyler got up and went to take a piss, and as I listened to him go, I began to wonder what his penis looked like. I wondered how big it actually was, and if he circumcised or not. I had never actually been with a man but I had been bi-curious my whole life and the whole situation was really bringing it out. Tyler finished up and got back into bed and from what I could tell, fell asleep pretty quickly.

Having even simply boxers on, with how hot it was in there, was killing me. I really wanted to take them off, but I figured Tyler wouldn't appreciate waking up to a naked man lying next to him, and I tried to deal with it. I turned to lie on my back again and try and get comfortable. When I did, I looked over and couldn't believe my eyes. Tyler was lying there on his back completely nude! I figured he must have taken off his underwear when went to the bathroom and then got back into bed while my back was to him.

My heart began to race. I couldn't stop myself from taking a look down at his uncovered dick. Like I said, the light from the parking lot made it pretty bright in our room so I had no problem seeing it. It was gorgeous. It wasn't monstrous or anything but it was still big even limp. It was also definitely circumcised and had a patch of dark hair above it. I sat and stared at it for a while and began to wonder what it would look like erect.

I tried to push those thoughts out of head and get some sleep. I also decided that if he was going to sleep in the nude then so was I, so I slowly slid my boxers off, trying not to wake Tyler up and turned back onto my side.

I did finally fall asleep but then woke up, not really being sure how long I had actually slept for. Tyler had turned onto his side at some point facing me and had moved closer in doing so. So close, in fact, that I could feel his breath on the back of my neck.

That wasn't the only thing I felt though, something was touching my ass. I wasn't sure what it was at first but then realized with some surprise, that it was Tyler's cock, and it was obviously hard. It was just the tip that was touching me but I knew it definitely had to be his dick. My heart started to pound and my own penis became erect almost instantaneously. I didn't really know what to do, but I so badly wanted to see it at this point that I slowly turned around, trying not to wake him, to get a look, and as I did so Tyler turned onto his back, seeming to still be asleep.

I looked down and there was his gorgeous prick in all it's glory, fully erect. It had to be 8 or 9 inches long and thick. It looked incredible in the dim light, a truly magnificent specimen. I gazed at it for a little while, and half unconsciously started to touch my throbbing tool. I then began to wonder what his would feel like in my hand, and was soon overcome with the desire to find out. 

I looked up at Tyler's face and saw that he was sound asleep. It was pretty risky, but the urge to touch that big beautiful stiffy was just too much to ignore. I decided to just go for it, and slowly moved my hand down towards his waist. I thought I should test the waters a little first and touched it with just the tips of my fingers. Tyler didn't move a bit and gave no signs of waking up.

That gave me the courage to go a little further, so again with my fingertips, I began rubbing his shaft slowly up and down. The skin felt very warm and was soft and smooth. Up and down, up and down I rubbed. I then got a little braver and wrapped my whole hand around it to see what it felt like. It was so big and hot. I slowly pulled on it and loved the way it felt in my hand, hard yet soft at the same time.

Tyler must have been in a deep sleep because he never even flinched. I, on the other hand, was getting incredibly turned on. I started rubbing his meat faster and couldn't stop myself from jerking my own cock. I stared at his wonderful manhood while stoking it and then felt a a small amount of wetness on the side of my thumb. I knew right away that it was pre-cum and quickly licked it off. The taste of it drove me wild and I was overcome with a tremendous desire to suck his large pole.

I knew the idea was totally crazy, but I just didn't really care anymore. I was losing all self-control. I needed to see what it felt like to have his dick in my mouth, so I carefully moved down the bed, got on my knees, and moved in.

When I got close to his crotch I could smell his musky sent. That sweet tangy smell filled my nostrils and it put me over the top. I stuck out my tongue and licked his shaft from the base to the tip. It was a bit salty but not at all bad tasting, In fact I really liked it. Tyler gave no indication of waking up so I kept licking it like that all over. I wanted to really taste it, so I grabbed a hold at the base of the shaft and put the head into my eager mouth. I absolutely loved the way it felt on my tongue, and the taste of it in my mouth. I slowly moved it in and out, occasionally pulling it all the way out to lick and kiss the tip.

I kept this up for a while, sucking and rubbing Tyler's big lovely bone, and had completely forgot about everything else, when I suddenly heard his voice.

"That feels so good."

I gasped a little and completely froze. I had no idea what to do or say.

"Don't stop. I'm really enjoying that." He said softly.

This was even better! Now that I knew that Tyler was not only awake but liked what I was doing to him, I got all the more into it. I started to jerk his long shaft faster, and suck the head harder then I had dared to before. I blew him like a man possessed, sucking and licking, going down to tongue his balls and rubbing his wet meat all over my face.

"I want your cock in my mouth." He said, "Why don't you turn around and get on top of me?"

I did as he asked and we got into the 69 position.

I loved having my rod in his hot mouth while his was in mine, and after a bit of mutual dick sucking he pushed my hips forward. I felt his wet tongue lick my balls and taint and then all around my asshole, it felt so amazing. He then pulled my cheeks apart and licked right on my rosebud. I moaned in pleasure and sucked his cock ferociously.

My face was so far down his crotch that my nose was almost touching his butt hole. The smell of it drove me crazy and I knew I had to taste that too. I pulled his legs up so I could reach it better, and began rimming his hot button. It was something I had always wondered if I would enjoy and I have to say that I thoroughly did. I licked all over it and then stuck my tongue in deep. It tasted incredible!

It was then that I felt what must have been a finger caressing my wet asshole. I moaned deeply giving him the signal to keep going. He slide the tip of it in and then started to really finger fuck me. I had to pull up to catch my breath.

"Oh fuck yeah." I said as I pulled on his fat dick, "Keep going."

The pressure, as well as the pleasure, got higher and higher as he put more fingers in my ass one at a time, opening my virgin hole. He fingered me nice and slow as I went back to sucking his hot cock and I finally asked "How many fingers are you using right now?" loving the way they felt inside of me.

"Three." was his answer.

"Oh God, just fuck me." I panted.

I got off of him and he got up off the bed and then came back with a small bottle of lubricant. He told me to get on all fours and I did as I was told. I would have done anything this man asked me to at this point. He squirted some lube onto my waiting asshole, working the jelly in with his fingers, and then I felt the tip of his large prick pushing against my button. 

"Just relax." He said coolly and began to push it in.

As the head went past my o-ring it hurt pretty bad. He slowly kept pushing it in deeper and deeper, and then stopped. My ass eventually adjusted to the intrusion and it felt like nothing I had ever experience before. He started to pump slowly in and out and then went faster and harder, and was soon fucking me hard. Waves of pleasure washed over me with each thrust of his powerful cock, and all I could do was moan "Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck!". I couldn't believe how good it felt to have another man fuck me. I had fantasized about it many times and had fucked myself with a dildos but that was nothing like the real thing, reality was better then I could have ever imagined.

Tyler pounded me hard for a while and then would pull his cock out of me and thrust it back in and I felt like I was going to pass out each time he drove his huge pick into my hole. 

He then told me to turn around and lie on my back. Again, I did as I was told. He lifted my legs up and re-entered me, quickly getting into a good rhythm, and again, all I could do was moan "Oh Fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck!".

The urge to touch myself had become overwhelming. I started to rub my swollen head and within a few seconds a tremendous surge of pleasure built up in my body that was like nothing I had ever felt before. It was so intense and I knew I was about to cum and cum hard. 

"Oh fuck!" I bellowed one last time and started to jerk myself off fiercely.

I blew my load all over my chest and stomach and came for what felt like hours as Tyler fucked me even harder. It was the most intense orgasm I had ever had, and I kept just poring and poring out hot jizz, stream after stream.

Tyler pulled out of me when I finally stopped ejaculating, and started to jerk himself off. There was no way I was going to let this god of a man finish that way after the pleasure he had just given me so I sat up and started to suck him off. I wanted his cum in my mouth as much as I had ever wanted anything in my life. I wanted to taste it and savor every last drop of his white goo. 

I sucked and jerked his meat hard until he buckled a little and cried he was cumming. First a small amount poured onto my tongue and right afterward a huge load shot out and hit the back of my throat. His thick spunk then started to gush into my waiting mouth. There was so much that it almost filled my mouth and some began to leak out past my lips. I kept sucking and sucking until he finally stopped cumming and pulled his spent member out of my mouth. 

I rolled his delicious seed around in my mouth to really taste and enjoy it and then swallowed it down. It tasted better then I could have ever imagined. We then both collapsed onto the bed exhausted and fell asleep.

The next morning we talked about how much we both enjoyed what had happened. It wasn't Tyler's first time with a man, and he was surprised it was mine. He told me I gave head like a pro. I chalked it up to enthusiasm. We ended up taking a shower together, which lead to some more amazing head, and then exchanged phone numbers, got packed and drove off in separate directions.