 A friend told me about the cruise liners, suggested it would be a good job for the summer and they were always needing staff. I was twenty years old and that seemed to be a great way to earn some money and see a bit of the world. I was attracted to the idea and looked up addresses so I could write and see what jobs were available. 

Within a fortnight, I had a reply with an offer. I had to make my way to Southampton for a Mediterranean cruise, leaving in a week's time. That seemed very easy, I thought it would be much harder to get a job. I was going to be a Commis Chef, something I had experience of.

The days passed very quickly and I soon found myself on the docks at Southampton, looking for my ship. It was easily spotted, it was huge and one of three cruise ships which were docked. I produced my offer letter and was quickly led down to the crew quarters. That was when I started to wonder what I had let myself in for. I actually thought I would have my own cabin, not a big cabin, but at least a cabin. I didn't expect bunks, tiered one on top of another. There were six berths, three on each side with a narrow passageway separating them. The bunks were three high. I didn't know which bunk to take. The guy showing me around suggested the top bunk was better. I was given a tiny space for my luggage. I didn't have much luggage anyway so it fitted in quite easily.

The next stage of the tour was the kitchens where I would be working. They were bright and well equipped. I also saw the crew mess where we could hang out when we weren't working. Then I had the bad news. The kitchens worked twenty four hours a day and I would be working twelve hour shifts every day we were at sea. In other words, no day off. Still the money was good, all accommodation and food was provided so I could save my wages, no need to spend any of it at all.

I was given an hour to pick up my uniform and make my way to the kitchen to start work. Nobody paid me any attention when I walked into the kitchen. I stood there like a spare part. I went up to one of the chefs and explained I was new and was keen to help out. He pointed to a huge stack of plates and instructed me to set them up on the dish washing machine. Other tasks followed and it soon became apparent that I was a kitchen labourer, nothing else. All the boring awful jobs ended up with me. I was bottom of the pile.

Gradually, I met my colleagues as they came on board and made their way to the kitchen to start work. There were three Commis Chefs so I assumed the worst jobs would be shared out among us. The other two were called Derek and Andy and, like me, were young, free and single, looking for a great time and to make money. They were sharing the same quarters as I was in. 

We were sailing later that evening and more and more crew came aboard. I met Bruno, a crazy Italian, who was to be our boss. He was a typical fat chef who was prone to bawling and shouting at people for the slightest thing they did wrong. I was going too slow, so I got shouted at. The dishes weren't washed properly, a fault of the machine, but again it was my fault. He also had a habit of touching up the guys. I saw him do it to several crew but not those who stood up to him. He groped me and made a joke about it. He called me Scemo, which one of the crew later said was Italian for stupid. Everyone told me to be careful and keep my head down as he ranted at the crew. They warned me not to let him get away with groping me, otherwise it would just get worse.

My first day passed quickly, I was that busy. I could hear the ship preparing to sail. No going back now, I thought to myself. My first shift finally ended and I was due back on duty at five o'clock ship's time, in the morning. That was an early start. I amused myself in the mess, chatting to the new crew and comparing notes on our first day. I was having second thoughts about this but at least I had the opportunity to save some money.

The next morning, I got up early, I was always punctual and didn't want to be late. Bruno was in fine form, ordering me to slice tomatoes and onions ready to be used for breakfast. Masses and masses of tomatoes and onions. They were easy to slice, that wasn't the problem, it was the sheer quantity. As soon as I had finished, Bruno came over to inspect my work, groping my ass as he stood next to me criticising what I had done. 'Pull your socks up Scemo,' he shouted. I wasn't used to this behaviour at all. 

I was sent into the refrigerated area to bring sacks of supplies that were needed. Bruno followed me, berating me for being so slow. He followed me into one of the fridges and stood behind me, rubbing his groin against my ass. I grimaced as he did it. If I was ever going to put Bruno in his place, this was the moment. It had to be the moment. Nowadays, his behaviour would be seen as grooming and predatory but back in the 1980's, it went on but nobody bothered about it at all.

I said nothing, he got away with it and I just knew it would get worse now. I was too weak. Another time, in the galley, he stood in front of me and rubbed his groin. Right in front of me. Nobody else was around to see it. God, he should be sacked for that. I had nobody to complain to, I just had to take it. He kept touching me, more than he did to the others. I seemed to be the target for now. Only thing I could do was keep my head down and do the best I could, not giving him any excuse to pick on me. 

One day, he followed me into the galley when I was getting supplies. He had been groping me quite consistently each day so I knew I was in for more when I saw he was following me. I saw him checking to make sure nobody was around and then he turned to me. He spoke softly, wondering how I was enjoying my work. I hadn't seen this side of him before, he was almost friendly. I told him 'yes,' I was enjoying myself.

He smiled and then pulled down his zip, exposing his cock to me. I was shocked and also excited. I was no stranger to cocks by now, having had a relationship with two guys before. I should have turned and walked away, common sense was telling me to go. However, I was excited by his cock. I go weak at the knees every time I see a stiff cock and here was Bruno with his cock in front of me. 

'Touch it,' he said in a soft friendly voice. I hesitated and he walked closer to me. 'Touch it,' he repeated. He was wanking himself as he looked at me. I didn't know what to do. Turn and walk away, the voice in my head was telling me. I was getting slightly turned on by his cock, I could feel the stirring in my groin. I looked at him, wishing he would stop and let me go. He took advantage of my hesitation and walked up close, his cock was just inches from me. I reached out and held it, wanking it for a few moments and let go. He smiled and put it back into his trousers. 'Good boy,' he said as he walked away from me. God, that was not a good idea, he'll just get worse now.

In fact, he did change his attitude to me. He didn't shout and he wasn't unkind anymore. Instead he focused his attention on the other two Commis Chefs. I was puzzled, what did this mean? I soon found out when he followed me into the refrigerated units one day. He shut the door behind him and walked up to me. I was taking chicken out and laying the boxes of meat on a trolley, ready to take into the kitchen. He smiled at me and pulled out his cock. He was hard. I watched as he wanked, walking closer and closer to me. He was blocking the way so I couldn't get past him. Once again, 'touch it,' he said, with a smile on his face.

Once again, I was getting turned on seeing his cock which was long and thick. Slowly he wanked as I tried to figure out how to get out of there. The more he wanked, the more excited I got. I reached out and held it, squeezing it for a moment and then pulled the foreskin back. I continued to wank him as he told me what a good Scemo I was. Maybe if I wank him off, he'll stop bullying me, maybe even stop bullying the others too. I made my mind up and gripped his cock. As I wanked him he let out a low moan. I wanked him quicker and quicker, trying to get him off. He gripped my shoulders as I wanked him, finally, I felt him stiffen as he shot his load over my hand. He moaned as he came, which I found really exciting. I just love seeing a man come, I love seeing a cock stiffen, pulsate and then explode with hot sexy cum. It had been a few months since I had been with a guy but I hadn't lost my touch. 

After I wanked him off, my life got a lot better. It became a regular thing with Bruno. He ignored all the mistakes I made and stopped berating me. Of course, rumours flew round the ship that he was shagging me. Some crew stopped speaking to me, despite my protests that I wasn't shagging Bruno and he wasn't shagging me. He did make it obvious that he was treating me differently and I felt guilty. I could see the unfriendly stares from the crew.

Having wanked him off once, it was inevitable there would be a repeat. I didn't have long to wait. The next day, I went into the galley with the trolley. He followed me in, pulled out his cock, urging me to touch it. His cock was soft, sitting in his hand. I just didn't know what to do. His demands can only get worse. I was feeling happier now he wasn't bullying me. 'Wank him off and get it over and done with,' a voice in my head said. 

He stood there, just holding his cock waiting. I stayed still so he walked closer until his cock was against me. I touched him, squeezing his cock. He stood there while I fondled him, teasing his balls, making him hard. His eyes were closed. I just wanted this over with. Once he was hard, I teased his cock head with my thumb. It was slimy with precum. I wanked him, slow then fast then slow again. My other hand reached for his balls. He moaned and stretched towards me, I could feel his cock stiffen and his balls moving in my hand. Like an expert, I made him cum. It spurted over my hands and uniform. I was seriously turned on by this. I got him hard and I made him cum.

Without a word, he zipped up his cock and walked away, not even a thank you. I was annoyed with myself, being used like that. The problem is that I found it really exciting.

I was surprised by the number of gays in the crew. Within two or three days, relationships were formed and people, men and women, had paired off. Nobody was interested in me. The rumours still spread and people avoided me. 

Once relationships had been formed, no time was lost in getting laid. Most of the crew were single and only joined the cruise ships for the excitement and money. Nobody saw it as a real career. When they were off duty, quite honestly, there were no limits. People were shagging all over the crew section. Everybody, that was, except me.

All I had to look forward to was sucking Bruno off. Not once did he touch me. Once he knew I would do all the work for him, he wanted to cum as often as he was able. Wherever there was a quiet place where nobody was around, he would stand there watching, as I unzipped him and pulled out his cock. He would then shut his eyes while got him off. Day after day, I got his cum all over me. I knew, eventually, he's going to expect me to suck him off. It was just a matter of time.

There was a change in Bruno. It was very gradual but he was getting more tolerant of the rest of the crew. He wasn't shouting and throwing things around as often as he used to. All the crew noticed and rumours started that I was keeping him satisfied.

One day, the inevitable happened and Bruno cornered me in the galley. Resigned to my fate, I stood in front of him, pulling out his cock, getting him hard. I still got excited by making him hard. The last couple of times, he gripped my head and tried to push me towards his cock. He gave up as he came all over me again. Rather than wait to be pushed, I just went for it. 

I had got him nice and hard, wanking him, watching him enjoying it. I kept wanking him as I went down on my knees. He opened his eyes and smiled. Gingerly, I slowly licked his cock. He was a good size, swollen head pulsating as my tongue ran over it. I let him slip through my lips, taking his full length. I continued to wank him as my head bobbed up and down. I knew when he was ready to cum and I felt a thrill run through me. His cock twitched in my hands as he spurted in my mouth. He thrust his hips as I tried to swallow, time and again, he spasmed as he filled my mouth. God, the first guy I've sucked off for ages. I was seriously excited. Bruno rubbed my head, zipped himself up and walked away. 

As there was nobody around I pulled my cock out and had a quick wank. I was getting a thrill from taking care of Bruno's cock and I needed to cum. Nobody to swallow mine, I thought as I ejaculated.

Anyone could see I was Bruno's blue eyed boy. Although nobody knew for certain that there was something going on between us, it didn't stop them from talking. That was until the day we were in the galley for another session. I was on my knees blowing Bruno, his cock nice and hard in my mouth, my tongue teasing his tip, licking the precum. Suddenly we both heard a noise to our left. Like a rabbit caught in the headlights, I froze. Like a statue, I kneeled there with his cock still in my mouth. God, it was Derek, one of the Commis Chefs. He stood there, startled looking, muttered something, turned and walked away. God, did that just happen?

Just as I was recovering and started to stand up, Bruno pushed me down again. God, just after the shock at being caught, he still wants to cum. I was sucking him off at the same time as Derek was telling everybody what he had seen. I gave the best blowjob ever to make him spunk as quickly as he could. He was still rock hard, even after what had just happened. I was not at all excited as Bruno shuddered and gave me another load of his spunk. Quickly, he stuck his cock away and walked off. I knelt there, on my hands and knees, letting his spunk dribble to the floor. I didn't want to swallow it. I was just getting used.

Everybody stared at me when I walked back into the kitchen. Every eye, some amused, some disgusted, was on me. There was complete silence and Bruno was nowhere to be seen. I just rolled up my sleeves and sliced tomatoes. Gradually, the noise in the kitchen returned to normal.

For the next few days, life was not nice for me or anyone else. Bruno went back to banging pots and pans and shouting at folk. I was still blowing him but he had turned back into the old Bruno. People were looking at him with contempt. Abusing a young guy like that. People had lost all respect for him, and he didn't like that, so he took it out on them.

One disadvantage of being Bruno's bitch was that some of his friends started to be friendly towards me. I just wasn't interested. I didn't like being the most unpopular member of the crew and I wasn't going to suck anyone else off just to have someone talk to me.

One advantage to keeping Bruno sweet was that he had the call on who could go off the ship for a few hours when we were berthed. This was a privilege that had to be earned. He often let me leave the ship, more than anyone else and that did nothing for my popularity. The next port of call, after being caught sucking Bruno off, was Barcelona and he delighted in telling everyone they couldn't get off the ship. Instead, he told them that Scemo and him would be away for six hours and left them a great long list of things to do.

They drum it into you, don't be late back to the ship. It will not wait and if you are left behind, you are on your own. They repeat the message every time you sign off the ship. 

So, as luck would have it, I found myself with Bruno in the first pub we saw. I had never seen Bruno with a drink in him before, not once, now I thought about it. He had only started his second pint when he got sentimental, wrapping his arm around me and slapping my knee. 'Scemo,' he would repeat over and over again. Telling me he was sorry for being a bad boss and how he promised to change. I was now his friend and 'friends look out for one another,' he kept saying. The sentimental Bruno was a nice Bruno, I liked this one. It lasted until he had his third pint and then he changed. He swore, he cursed and he banged the table, spilling our drinks. He stood up, challenging anyone to a fight. 'My god, he's a nutter,' I said quietly to myself. 

The atmosphere in the pub changed. Bruno continued to insult folk and challenge them to fight him. I picked up my jacket and slid off the chair, carefully making sure Bruno didn't see me. I looked back, just as Bruno threw a guy over the bar, breaking bottles and glasses. The pub erupted and I took off. I went straight back to the ship, not sure what else to do. No way was I going to stay and help Bruno with the number of angry Spaniards he had upset. I signed in and went straight to my quarters. I was shaking with fright. 

As it was late, I just decided to go to bed, hauling myself up to my bunk and trying to forget the disastrous visit to Barcelona. The next morning, the ship had sailed and I was in the kitchen, once again, chopping and slicing tomatoes. There was no sign of Bruno. I kept my head down and got on with my work. Rumours started to spread. Bruno has been sacked, Bruno had a heart attack, Bruno was dead. The reality was just as bad. He was in hospital with a broken leg, under arrest and unlikely to be joining the ship in the foreseeable future. Now we had been told what had happened, life was immediately better for us all. One of the crew was promoted to Bruno's job and he was much better at it.

My daily blowjobs were over, maybe now things are so much better, I might get a boyfriend, or girlfriend. Perhaps my reputation with Bruno could be forgotten about. 

There was a guy I fancied, one of the waiters. Scott was his name and he came from Liverpool. He was openly gay and had a lot of friends amongst the crew. He was quite popular and I tried to be friendly with him. I told him what happened in the pub with Bruno. He laughed. He had met others who completely changed as soon as they had a drink.

Scott and I were on the same shift, working the same hours. He did warm towards me as my friendliness worked its charm. He had a great sense of humour and I liked him a lot. I tried to be there with him in the mess, sitting at his table every opportunity I had. I made it clear I fancied him. He didn't give me the signals that he wasn't interested in me, but he didn't encourage me either. I would just give it time.

One night someone had a bottle of vodka. Alcohol was strictly forbidden on the ship and was a dismissal offence to be drunk. I remembered the induction where we were warned about it. I was having nothing to do with it. I left the guys in their sleeping bay to get on with it and wandered around the crew areas. I had never had the chance to explore the ship. By chance, I passed Scott's berth. He was lying down on his bed. I smiled and chatted to him. Feeling bold, I asked him if he was up to exploring the ship. With nothing better to do, he got up and smiled. I led the way.

The ship is huge, and my part of it was tiny. We walked, trying to look like guests on holiday. We saw the various restaurants, the swimming pools, the casinos, the gym, the discos and the tennis court. It was so opulent. I wondered if I would ever be able to afford a holiday like this. How we envied the lucky people around us. We laughed and joked as we explored the corridors and levels, meeting crew all over the ship. We would get into trouble if we got caught, which just added to the excitement.

We stood at the rail of the ship, looking over nothing but sea. We talked about ourselves and our lives. Scott came from Liverpool and drifted to the cruise ships because there were plenty of jobs. He also said he was here for the sex as well, which had been disappointing so far. I laughed with him. He touched my arm as he laughed. He moved closer to me. 'I hear you give good head,' he whispered and walked away. I caught up with him and he whistled a tune as he walked. He put his arm in mine and we walked, just as if we were on holiday. We quickly disentangled our arms as we saw people walking towards us. This was the 1980's, guys don't walk about arm in arm, not even at sea.
