 I woke up feeling horny and knew I had to get some cock in me.

After doing all my chores, I showered, dressed and went out to one of the local cruising areas.

It was a nice warm day with blue skies. Perfect. My cock was twitching in my jeans at the prospect of getting some.

It was about 13:00hrs by the time I got there.

I followed the path to the bottom of the slope where you can see trampled grass that lead into the bushes. 

I was only about 10 yards off the main path when I saw a figure in the distance.

As I got closer, I could see a slender guy with nice features, wearing a t-shirt, track suit bottoms and trainers. His hair was close cropped. He looked to be about 25 and a little rough round the edges. He had a nice Celtic tat on his right upper arm showing under the t-shirt sleeve. He was leaning up against a tree smoking. As I got closer he eyed me up and down. I was wearing my blue jeans, trainers and a t-shirt. My 7-inch cock bulged nicely in these jeans. He took his hand out of his pocket and started to cup his crotch. I didn't need any more of an invite. I walked straight up to him and put my hand over his and gave a squeezed. He took his hand away. I could feel his cock getting stiff under the material. It felt a more than a mouthful. I knelt in front of him and pulled his trackies down, exposing his taught belly and line of hair running down from his belly to his cock. I could resist and had to lick it. I stopped pulling his trackies down when they reached the base of his cock. My hand was running over the exposed skin and guessing from what I could see, that his cock was going to be quite thick. He was still leaning against the tree finishing his cigarette. I pulled the trackies down to his knees. His cock sprang free. It was about 7 inches, and nice and thick. His foreskin wasn't rolled all the way back, but enough to show a nice big head that was leaking pre cum. 

I took hold of it in my hand and moved my thumb over the piss slit rubbing the pre cum over the head. It felt good. I then put my thumb in my mouth and tasted that sweet fluid. I looked up; he gave a smile and motioned some encouragement with his eyes and head. I didn't need any. I had my mouth round his cock licking at that slit that leaked that fluid. I had one hand cupping his balls and the other, around his dick pulling back his foreskin, exposing his cock in my mouth. I felt his cock swell in my mouth. Fuck, he was nice and thick. My lips were tight around his growing cock, my tongue going crazy on it.

I took him out of my mouth to look at it. It was beautiful. It was rock hard now. It was veiny and glistening with my spit. I pulled his fore skin forward to cover the nice shaped head and put my tongue in it to lick it under the skin. He let out a low moan to let me know he liked what I was doing. After doing this for a while, I felt his hands on the back of my head pushing me onto his cock. He started to slowly slide his cock in and out of my mouth. I had let go of his cock to unzip myself and free my rock hard 7 cut cock which was oozing pre cum. I pushed my jeans to my knees and was slowly sliding the ready-made lube around the head of my cock. My other hand was feeling my own arse and playing with my hole, just letting a finger push gently at the entrance.

He was now building up speed to give my face a good fucking. I could feel his cock sliding right to the back of my throat. A couple of times he made me gag and my eyes water, this seemed to spur him on. He was now standing straight, holding my face in his hands and really giving me his cock. My knees were getting numb, so I stood so I could bend to keep sucking him. He let go of my face with one hand leaving the other at the back of my neck pushing me onto his cock as he thrust up and into my mouth.

His other hand slid down my back and found my arse. His fingers slipped in between my cheeks and I could feel him playing at my holes entrance. I was really getting into this. I guessed he would be up for fucking me. I pulled my mouth off his cock and told him I wanted to feel his cock in me. "No problem" he said, "but I think he should go first". He nodded to someone over my shoulder. I hadn't been aware of any one else being around. I turned and saw a guy about 10 feet away, in his 30's with a huge dick in his hand. It was at least 8 inches and thicker than the one I had had in my mouth. My face said it all and we both beckoned the guy over.

He was a good-looking stocky guy with the wickedest of smiles. He pulled out a bottle of poppers and put them under my nose. I took a couple of deep snorts in each nostril, and then bent over to take that monster cock in my mouth. As the amyl took effect, I felt myself becoming a cock hungry monster. Really going to work on his cock. I t was so thick I could just about get it in my mouth. His balls were banging on my chin. I could feel the first guy fingering my hole, I heard him spit and slide a finger into me. My arse responded by pushing back to him. I heard him tell me that I had a nice fuckable arse and that he couldn't wait to get his cock in me, but he wanted it after it had been used and stretched open. Stock guy was ramming my face and my spit was running down his cock. He pulled me up, gave me some more poppers and turned me round and bent me over. I felt the rush hit me a his cock found my hole. I felt the head nudge against me and slowly slide into me. It was nice and wet from my spit, his pre cum and my hole had been nicely primed by the first guy. I felt him inch it in slowly. I felt him reach that point that hurts before it gets better. As he was "knocking at that door" I felt his hands on my hips and with one thrust, his whole thick cock was in me up to his balls. I let out a yell, but my arse was pushing back for more. Guy No.1 was back in my mouth fucking my face, and pulling my head right down this time, so his pubes were up my nose and his dick right down my throat. He was calling me a fucking bitch and telling me how much I needed and liked this. He wasn't wrong.

Stocky guy was now fucking my arse for all it was worth. His big cock was ramming into me deep and hard and getting faster. Fuck I was in heaven. I felt as if I was going to be split in two. It felt like I had a 500ml beer can in my arse. Stocky was getting faster and faster and then he rammed into me pushing his dick as far as he could and let out a low moan as he emptied his cum into me. I could feel his cock swelling around my hole and twitch as he dumped what must have been a huge load. All too quickly, his cock started to get soft and he pulled it out of me. No sooner had this happened, than the first guy spun me round and I felt his cock slip into me in one move. I looked up to see stocky disappearing into the bushes. This guy was telling me how he loves to fuck a hole that was wet with cum and had been stretched. His cock was sliding in and out of me like a hot knife in butter. I could feel some cum dripping down my leg. He was pushing down on my back so his cock was pushing up against my hole. He was getting faster and more urgent in his fucking. His cock was pushing all the way into me. I could feel his balls banging against me. I could hear my arse slurping. He then started telling me how he was going to fill me and that he comes loads. I was busy wanking my cock, but he told me to stop. He told me he was going to cum. A second or two later, his cock was as deep in me as he could get and he was groaning as he emptied his cum into me. I was squeezing down on his cock as he came and could feel it pump and pump and pump into me. Without any warning, His cock was out of me and I could feel his mouth at my hole. He was sucking out the cum and licking at my hole. I could feel his fingers working inside of me to bring more cum out. When he was done there. He turned me round and got my cock in his mouth. It didn't take long before I was filling his mouth with my own hot cum and seeing him swallow every drop.

Fuck what a session. Better than I expected.

More to cum!