 He stood up and smiled at me, cum dripping down his chin. My cum.

His tongue flicked out and licked up what it could find. I couldn't help but look and smile at this guy with desire. I glanced down and could see that his cock was twitching in need of some more.

He asked me for a fag and pulled up his trackies. We leant back against the tree and introduced ourselves. His name was Adrian. He told me that he lived close by near Crystal Palace. He told me that he had 3 flat mates that would love my hole. Despite the pounding I had just had, my cock started to twitch in my jeans. He asked me if I was doing anything and would I be up for coming back to his place and getting some more cock in me.

I asked their ages and what they looked like. He told me that if I liked him, I would like them. My mind was going haywire. I came out for a quick fuck and now it seemed I could have a fucking orgy. My dick ruled and I said I was up for it.

We walked together back up to the road. Our conversation was small talk. He told me he lived a 10-minute walk up the hill and close to Safeway's. 

When we got in his flat, I thought to my self that it was a mistake. Grubby wasn't the word. The paint and the paper were peeling off the wall and it had all the signs of being a student's den. Somehow that was sexy though.

We got into the lounge.

Sure enough there were his flat mates and he wasn't too wrong in how they looked. One guy was pointed out as Andy, skinny looking with dark floppy hair wearing trackies and a T, playing a game on the TV. Then there was Ewan, blonde, short haired in running shorts and a vest, showing off a nice body that had some hair on it and the same sort of build as Adrian, listening to music on his headphones. Lastly I had Jamie pointed out to me who was a little older, taller, nicely built, dark haired, wearing jeans and a baggy shirt, sketching on a pad.

Adrian walked into the room and called me in from the doorway. Andy looked up and smiled, the other 2 were in their own world and didn't notice. Adrian stood in the middle of the room and introduced me loudly, a guy from the Heights who was up for more.

He looked at me and told me to strip.

I looked around at the guys. One looking at me (Jamie) the other 2, not paying attention. My thoughts of "what the fuck am I doing here?" must have shown on my face, because Adrian said again, but this time with authority "strip".

I peeled off my T shirt.. Unbuttoned my jeans and slid them down. My cock was starting to stiffen with the fact that 4 blokes were around me and with the wonder as to what might happen.

Skinny Andy watched me. I was busy untying my laces and pulling my jeans off. When I stood up again, he was standing in front of me, an obvious tent in his trackies. 

He moved towards me..Close up he looked about 19/20. He told me to get on me knees. He then pushed his trackies down and his cock pinged back to his stomach. It was about 7 long, on the thin side but had a beautifully shaped circumcised head. His balls were hanging loose and quite big in comparison. He told me to lick it. I lapped at it, tasting some pre cum. I then felt his hands at the back of my head forcing me down on it. My mouth was dry because of my nerves. But as his cock hit the back of my throat and went a bit further, I gagged, my mouth then soon became moist and was able to suck him in. This guy then began to pump my mouth for all it was worth. I couldn't believe it when he said he was going to cum. He had only been fucking my mouth for about a minute. He told me that he was going to fill my mouth with a bucket load of cum and that I wasn't to swallow it or to spill any. Within seconds of him saying that, I felt his rock hard cock swell, heard him grunt and then tasted his spunk as it filled my mouth. He wasn't kidding. It came in hard spurt after spurt into my mouth. It was hot and tasted a bit bitter like the after taste of beer. 

My mouth was full. I wanted to swallow. He slipped his cock out of me and in a flash was kissing me and sucking his cum out of my mouth. Fuck this was sexy. When he had taken all he could from me, he stood up and moved behind me. He pushed me back. He squeezed my rock hard cock in my pants. He pulled them down and pushed my legs in the air. My knees were by my ears. His fingers were pulling my cheeks wider apart. His fingers were at my hole. Then I felt his tongue there. He was pushing down on my arse cheeks to get me wider open. I felt him put a fingertip into me. Then another. My hole was already ready from the fucking I had earlier, so there wasn't much give. I could feel him stretching my hole open. I opened my eyes up to see him dribbling his cum into my hole. He must have hit bull's eye 'cause I couldn't feel it running down me. Then I saw his face disappear and felt his tongue slide into my hole. He was emptying his cum into me. I saw him straighten himself up and position his re-hardened cock to my wet hole and felt him slide it in me. 

I have to say that I didn't feel it go in. I tightened my hole so I could feel him. It was wonderful. I could feel him sliding in to me and pulling back and pushing right into me. He built up a rhythm and was slowly pounding my arse. When his cock was all the way in me, he would push a little bit harder and grind against me and move from side to side. He then leaned forward and started to kiss me. I could taste his cum on his lips and smell my arse on him. I began to push up to meet his thrusts down. He may be only 19/20, but this guy knew exactly what he was doing. 

In a blinding flash I remembered that there were 3 other guys in the room and wondered what they were doing. I opened my eyes and saw that they were standing around my head watching Andy fuck me, with their cocks in their hands. Blonde Ewan had a nice uncut cock in his hand and was slowly sliding his foreskin right over the end of his hard 7 inch cock, when I could see it, I could see a nice wet mushroom head. Jamie's about 8 inches, very thick and veiny, slightly darker and oozing pre cum from a nice stretched back foreskin. Then there was Adrian who was standing back with a big smile on his face, stroking the cock that I already knew.

I saw him move round to me. He pulled out a bottle of poppers, pulled my head up and held them under my nose for a long hard snort. He then disappeared behind Andy. I began to rush and totally gave over to what was happening to me. I felt hands on the small of my back. Fuck knows how he did it with Andy pumping his cock into me, but Adrian had his mouth against my hole and was licking that cock as it was sliding into me and obviously tasting Andy's cum as it slurped out of me. Without warning, Andy pulled out of me, and was wanking his cock over my hole. I could feel me being kept open and realised it must have been Adrian. I watched as Andy finished himself off and spunked into my open hole. Fuck, That guy came loads...I could feel Adrian's tongue licking up what didn't go into me.

With a shake of his cock, Andy told me that there was plenty more where that came from and to make sure I saved room for him.

More to Cum!