 Time to share another story - thanks to everyone for their comments and your ratings on the first two...

*****

The massage adventures have continued to provide some enjoyable experiences along my journey of discovery. I've learned that there are some guys that are really skilled at their craft who are caring about helping with the physical needs while also assisting with some emotional desire to explore. They've managed to relax the aches while providing pleasure which seems to enhance the entire body. And it's been exciting to learn that a middle aged chubby cub can get somebody else's motor revving while experimenting with his curiosity.

Onto this adventure... After the first experience with a masseur that introduced BE (Body Electric), I decided to see if I could find someone else within a reasonable distance who offered those skills. The first masseur was wonderful, but had decided to relocate to another area of the country. Either it's not real common to many masseurs or they just don't choose to mention it. Finally, after some diligent searching of the web, someone appeared to fit the bill.

I contacted the masseur and we scheduled a time for a brief chat. I've learned that seems to make me more comfortable before scheduling with someone new to get a sense of the person and the skills they willing and able to share during a session. Jimmy has been a masseur for a number of years and decided at some point in his own journey that he really preferred to only work on men which was a great sign to me. He put me at ease during our conversation and agreed that he would help me explore BE massage a bit more while also including the more therapeutic portion of the massage to help relieve pain. He felt that we could achieve what we had discussed during a 90 minute session and suggested a time that I would likely be his last massage of the day.

About a week later, the day I had been anticipating arrived. It was a beautiful morning, but I had awoken in some familiar pain with a healthy dose of anxiety. But I also felt pretty turned on as I thought about this session. Time to get a move on... The usual routine to get ready and something to eat to calm the churning stomach. I've always tried to prepare myself to be the type of client I would prefer if I was the person offering bodywork to someone hoping that it will enhance the session and the interaction. I plotted my path to an area I've never traveled to before to make sure that I would be on-time and managed to find a couple of places to kill some time if I happened to be early.

Jimmy's studio was in a building with many other tenants which would be different from the other masseurs I've been to. Felt a bit odd and a bit more clinical in a way... I arrived in less time than I had anticipated, found the location and decided to explore the area a little more since I was too early. When I finally decided it was time to show up, I walked in and found the door to his studio open - he was waiting for me to arrive and we shook hands. He mentioned that there was a bathroom in the main hallway if I needed to take a couple of minutes before we started. I took him up on that before spending 90 minutes on the table. When I returned, he asked me if I needed anything to drink and offered me a choice of snacks.

He seemed like a very caring professional - we sat in his reception area and chatted about what was bothering me so he could be sure to address it. And he asked me about what other expectations or desires I had. We talked a little bit more about my interest in BE and what I understood about its goal to build heightened sexual awareness in your body throughout the massage. He explained his take on it a bit further - how it would involve us both being nude and included mutual touch (neither of which appeared on his site), but that it wasn't really intended to provide a full release. We agreed to get started and see how it progressed as he led me into the massage room.

It appeared to be a pretty comfortable room, but felt a little more sterile - almost like a medical office. Jimmy told me to undress and get settled on the table face down while he returned to the outer office. I was feeling more relaxed after meeting him and chatting for a few moments. I'm very shy in new situations and he certainly helped me feel more at ease. He told me as he was heading back to the outer office that he was pretty comfortable handling most desires and felt pretty confident that he could help with pain relief.

A few minutes later, he knocked on the door and returned. He had stripped in the outer office and was now only wearing a holster containing the massage lotion. Jimmy is probably about the same age as myself and had a good body. My guess would be that his massage practice keeps him in good shape, but I would also guess that he doesn't spend a lot of time in any gym. Lightly hairy all over kind of like myself, nice package, large strong hands that were comfortably warm.

The massage began with him spending some time evaluating the shape I was in and where he would likely need to focus some extra effort. He started applying the lotion on my upper back and shoulders trying to loosen the tension that I always seem to accumulate there. He guessed that I worked at a desk in front of a computer most of the day - I wondered how it was so obvious. It gave me more confidence that he knew what he was doing.

We spent time talking a bit about how I became aware of BE. I shared some details of my first experience and that masseur's training. I also talked about my desires to explore the questions I was having about my sexuality. Jimmy mentioned that he was bi and was married, but enjoyed what he did for work too. He shared that most of his clients were married men who were no longer getting as much attention at home and also enjoyed massages. I talked about how until recently, all of the bodywork I had over the years was therapeutic. They've helped me learn how much I enjoy the feeling of touch and the many benefits it has provided. But now I was looking for more and to expand my enjoyment.

As Jimmy worked his way down my back, I experienced a variety of touch and sensations. He certainly used more pressure to work on trouble spots, but often finished the area with a feather light touch or caress. He continued downward until reaching my glutes where he seemed to hesitate. He checked in to see how it was going so far and if everything was ok while mentioning that he needed to spend some more time on the neck and shoulders but didn't want to overwork the area all at once. 

Up until this point, I had my head buried in the cradle with my eyes closed - enjoying the music and the variety of sensations his hands were providing. I lifted my head to talk with him and said that it was all good so far, I was becoming more relaxed and enjoying the work. From the looks of things, he seemed to be enjoying the work so far himself. Although he certainly wasn't hard, his cock was showing that it was obvious his own blood was stirring a bit.

I laid my head back down looking towards him rather than downward with my eyes closed as I had been up to that point. He resumed by starting to work from the lower back into the glutes. He commented that many people don't realize how connected they are to other areas of muscles and how much tension they tend to hold. I replied that I knew that well from past massage experience and looked forward to his efforts. I learned from my earlier massages that there were many nerves in this area that can be quite stimulated. He began kneading and stretching my butt from the top downward and from the outside toward my crack. I was certainly enjoying it which he could likely tell from my breathing and soft moans. 

My arms were along my sides and I reached to touch Jimmy's body since he was within close reach. He scooted a bit closer to the table and more toward my upper body so I wouldn't need to really stretch. His hands continued their efforts while also exploring more into my inner thighs and crack. I captured his cock and began massaging it more feeling it engorge while enjoying his work on me. He let out a slight moan of approval while lightly pumping it into the grip of my hand.

Jimmy lightly brushed my sac and hole before moving back up to work on the shoulders and neck some more. But this time, his strokes extended further down my torso and he would caress my ass running his finger tips along my crack before returning to his focus in my shoulders. His body was now at the top of my head, so I could feel him nearly cover me as he stretched downward across the areas. I was also able to explore a bit more of his body as well since he was now completely within reach. I resumed massaging his cock and played with his balls while also managing to get a good feel of his ass.

He had a nice cock that was fairly thick and nicely trimmed up... his balls were more natural. His ass was pleasantly firm, but not really muscular. Jimmy seemed to enjoy the attention and kind of lingered working on the muscles from the shoulders up into the neck before moving on. From there he began working the arms and we continued with the mutual touch a bit less. Again he repeated the light strokes and caresses before heading to the foot of the table keeping some feelings of stimulation, not quite ever knowing what to expect.

He began the massage of my lower body with my feet which was certainly relaxing and something I always enjoy. As he proceeded up my legs, he spent some time trying to release some knots in my calves which was somewhat uncomfortable. He then continued working on the knees, quads, and thighs. All of his work started a bit more aggressively ending with decreasing pressure. He then worked the full length of my legs using a variety of deeper pressure and such a light stroke that you barely felt the touch. The combination was wonderful - different from any other work that I've had. 

As he began wrapping up this area he focused more on the inner thighs and glutes again. I spread my legs further apart to give him greater access and because I was becoming more engorged. I'm definitely more of a 'grower' than a 'shower'. He commented that he could tell I was enjoying the massage, but wondered if I was completely comfortable with his actions up to this point. I assured him that I was, which must have given him the green light to increase the eroticism of his touch.

Jimmy then moved back up the table near my hips and I could again see that he was aroused as well. I reached for his cock again and he got closer to make the access easier. He continued the massage exploring up my thighs, glancing my cock and balls, and continuing up into my crack. He continued with a very sensual touch of my hole before repeating his path many times. He allowed a finger to slightly penetrate my hole a bit after a few more passes. I then felt him leaning over me more and spreading my cheeks. Suddenly, I felt the moistness of his tongue repeating the path from my balls up into my crack - just incredible! His tongue lingered on my hole and I attempted to make it more accessible to continue enjoying the sensations he was creating. I also took a chance to reach further under his sack and ran my fingers back into his crack. He spread his legs a bit further and I could feel that he was pretty moist and seemed to be enjoying the attention I was providing him with.

After that continued for a bit, I sensed him beginning to stand more erect... he began working his hands under me with one arm working its way under me from between my legs, and the other coming in from outside above my hip, and both working down the front of my leg massaging the muscles in my groin and hip while keeping that other muscle between my legs at attention. It was almost pushing me over the edge from all of the nerves that were being stimulated. He switched to the other leg and repeated the same. As he finished these strokes, I again felt him bending over me - this time further than before. I began to feel his warm mouth trying to swallow my cock while also paying some attention to my balls. I told him I was going to cum if he continued much longer and he slowly stopped, giving my hole a last kiss - but I had already begun to partially fire before regaining some control of myself.

At this point - it was definitely obvious to him that I was enjoying everything. He gave me a minute or so to slow my heavier breathing and ease up on the sexual tension. He grabbed a warm washcloth from a steam cabinet and cleaned me up a little before asking me to roll over. You could tell he enjoys his job and I certainly appreciated his talents from what I had experienced so far.

As I rolled over, Jimmy adjusted me on the table a bit to be sure that I was comfortable. I was definitely more relaxed than when I had first arrived. My dick began to soften a bit as he headed back up to work on my shoulders and chest. He pulled up a stool behind me and worked on the muscles up into my neck providing some great stretches there as well. As he stood again, he began with some really light strokes across my chest and nipples. Although my nipples always respond, it never seems to result in any connection with my dick like it does for some guys. We talked about that a little and he said it's like an instant switch for some men and for others - no reaction at all. For me it just gets the nips hard, but no other real response. He increased the pressure and extended it from my chest into my pits and shoulders. He also worked his way down my abdomen a bit glancing the tip of my cock at the bottom of each stroke. 

The intensity of his touch varied again as he covered the area of my torso. And he could see the reaction this variety was creating. Jimmy commented that I had a nice cock and we got talking a bit more about 'growers' vs. 'showers'. He himself was a bit in between the two. There was certainly some growth as his excitement became more apparent, but he stayed nearly the same length as he began softening. Myself, although average in size when erect, much more of a grower and you can tell when you've hit a pleasure zone which he was doing a great job of.

Jimmy finished up the upper body by massaging each arm and the hands with a little nibble of the nipples before moving on. He then returned to the base of the table and massaged my feet more working on each of my toes. Back to the legs with a wonderful variety of pressure and touch. The next focus was the thighs - from inner to outer and top to bottom. I again spread my legs further to give him more comfortable access which he took further advantage of. I could feel him reaching between my legs more and caressing my ass. He seemed to be trying to gain access to my hole again, so I lifted my leg that was opposite of him, bending it at the knee to allow my foot to remain on the table. Jimmy was now standing back near my hip and within reach. I was playing with his package and ass again as he continued stroking my thighs, and working from my crack up to my sack.

He applied more lotion and I could feel him massaging it gently into my hole. His finger penetrated me a bit deeper and I began to groan softly. It was incredibly pleasurable and you could tell he was good at this. My dick was rock hard and enjoying the full attention of his hands. He then leaned over and took the tip of my dick into his mouth and began alternating between suction and a wonderful tongue bath. All the while, my handling of his package appeared to be catching up some with him. He kept inching slightly further back from the table so my access became more of a challenge. It felt like he was trying to keep his own control to prevent firing. After a few minutes, he pulled away and switched sides. He repeated the same pattern, but this time he penetrated my hole deeper and I found myself often lifting my hips giving his finger even more access. His mouth returned to my cock swallowing it and increasing the intensity of his attention. Between my ass and cock, I knew I wasn't going to last all of this too much more and I resumed working on his cock with some intensity as well. 

I told Jimmy that I was about to erupt. He began inching his waist away from me while continuing with all of his attention focused on me. I surrendered my touch of him as I began to lose control from the orgasm. He had removed his mouth and was stroking me to a finish while continuing to massage my hole. Jimmy commented that he was impressed that I had such a good orgasm considering I almost shot my load completely earlier in the massage when he had been sucking my dick from behind. He never climaxed which seemed like that was what he preferred. He continued to massage me a bit with light strokes as I started to relax. Again he grabbed a warm washcloth and proceeded to clean me up a bit. I was still pretty hard and his mouth returned to my dick for a few more last quick strokes. He then went back to the steam cabinet and pulled out a warm steamy towel which he covered me with.

Jimmy told me to take my time getting up and getting dressed again. He returned to the outer office to give me some privacy. The warm towel felt great, but I would have also loved a shower considering the length of the trip back home. When I moved to the outer office, I found him dressed and checking some messages. He again offered me a snack and a bottle of water. The water was appreciated, but I didn't need the snack. Since it was his last appointment, he said he would walk me out and said he hoped he would have the chance to work on me again. He also said he hoped that the work had helped with the pain and suggested that more frequent massages might reduce the intensity. I replied that if time and money were not an issue - I'd opt to repeat this frequently. I assured him that it had helped and I would see him again. I thanked him for a wonderful session and gave him a hug wishing him a wonderful weekend as we headed out. 

I left feeling better and with a sense of pleasure from the entire experience - but also wishing for more than just mutual touch from me. I wondered much of the way home whether that was possible while planning for a return visit to find out that answer. That's for a future story... Hope you enjoyed this one.

My advice if you're the least bit curious - give it a try... you might enjoy it as much as I have so far...

And thanks again to those of you who shared comments and good ratings of the stories. They're always appreciated.

DB