 This is my first time to submit a story. It is a true story however. You see, I am a cum slut. I love to take cum all over my face. The more cum I can get the better. The place I usually go is an adult video store with booths in the back. What are nice about these booths are the glory holes. I love to suck cock through glory holes. There is something about sucking a cock from a total stranger that you can't even see. I have sucked a bunch that way, but I am beginning to want something more. I want a cum bath, a bukkake session. I want to be in a room with 10, 20 or even 50 guys with the sole purpose of having them all jack off onto my face. What follows is the closest I have been able to achieve.

I went to the store one night excited to be getting some hard dick in my mouth. I love to suck dick. Anyway, I get to the store and pay the fee to go to the booths and slip into the back. Right away, as usual, I smell the scent of cum. What an aroma. My next move was to get into one of the booths that have a glory hole so I can get my lips around a cock. I quickly find one and after entering I shut the door. I kneel down and look through the hole to see if anyone is in the other booth. No one is there so I start flipping through the channels to find a good movie. 

Soon after finding one, I hear someone enter the booth adjacent to mine. I again kneel down and this time I see a guy playing with his dick through his pants while he flips through the channels. His cock is growing so he unzips and pulls it out. Nice, I think to myself. It is a good sized one at seven or eight inches. I put my finger on the rim of the glory hole and move it around in the manner that all understand to mean for them to put their cock through to have it sucked. He complies and after a quick admiring look, I open my mouth and take that beautiful cock between my lips. I am in bliss. This is what I came for and I am thoroughly enjoying it. 

He tastes good and is nice and hard. After sucking for about five minutes or so, I feel him starting to thrust, so I put my mouth against the opening and let him begin fucking my mouth. He is so long that he is hitting the back of my throat with each inward thrust. He pulls out and leans over to say, "Come over to my booth." I usually don't do that but I was hot for anything tonight and I didn't mind letting the guys outside know I was here to suck. I go in his booth, noticing in an offhanded way that he is Hispanic, and hit my knees and immediately start sucking his cock. He was already close so it isn't long before I feel his head swell up I pull off and tell him I want him to finish by jacking off onto my face. 

He nods and begins stroking his cock furiously as I open my mouth and stick out my tongue while looking up at him. Almost instantly he begins to moan and then it happens. He unleashes a torrent of savory spunk onto my face. His first big spurt is a direct hit right into my mouth. I swallow that and let the rest coat my face and lips. I take his softening cock in my mouth and gently continue sucking him for the last dregs of his tasty sauce. He pulls out and puts his cock away and leaves the booth. 

Wanting to let the other guys know why I was in the place tonight, I go out into the hallway with the guys cum still on my face, dripping down onto my t-shirt. That proves to be a successful tactic as another Hispanic male moves close and begins to play with my ass. I start rubbing his cock through his pants where the others can see and he motions to go into a booth. I follow him in and within a moment or two, I am again on my knees with a fat cock in my mouth. After sucking him for a minute or so, I go ahead and tell him that I want him to finish by jerking off onto my face. He agrees and I resume my attention on his cock. He is shaved so part of the time I suck on his smooth balls while stroking his dick over my face. This really gets him hot. I go back to sucking his cock and soon he is squirming around like he is ready to unload. He pulls out and with one hand he starts stroking his cock and with the other he grabs and positions my head. He grunts and the jizz begins to explode from his cock. Just like the last guy, some goes in my mouth but most goes all over my face. He quickly zips up and goes out. 

Again without cleaning up I step out of the booth. What I see next makes me instantly hard. There is a group of guys standing around while a dude is on his knees sucking a cock. This is just what I was hoping for. I notice a couple of guys are stroking while they watch so I kneel down to help them out. After whimpering that I want cum on my face, one guy moves closer and puts his cock against my lips. I take him in and grab another guy's cock and start jerking him off. These guys must have been pretty hot already because the guy I am sucking pulls out and starts spraying my face with his sauce. It is so hot as it lands on my cheeks and nose. When he finishes, I start sucking the other guy. While I am sucking him, the other guys start calling me names. "Suck him you little slut." "What a little whore we have here." That does it for the guy I am sucking and he blows his nut all over my face. It feels so good as it runs down my cheeks and over my lips into my mouth. 

That seems to do it for the guys and they break up. I wait around for a few minutes but no one else seems ready. I start thinking about another of my fantasies. Going through a fast food drive-thru with cum all over my face. I head out without touching my face and jump in the truck. I drive a short distance to a Wendy's and pull into the drive-thru lane. I order a frosty (ironic huh) and pull to the first window. That clerk doesn't look up enough to notice, so I pull ahead to the next window. To my delight, a very pretty young woman brings my frosty over and as she hands it to me, she notices my face. She doesn't say anything. She just stares and slowly a little smile creeps over her face. 

I drive away knowing that a hot young girl has seen me close up with a good four-load glazing. Hot hot hot. I drive all the way home, 15 minutes, with the cum drip drying on my face. By the time I am home, it is mostly dry and feels like a mask, restricting my facial movements. Reluctantly, I wash it off before I go into our apartment. I wouldn't want the wife to catch me like that. More stories to "cum" later.