 I have always been bisexual and have involved my wife in my quest for cum, but the more I am with men, the more I want to be exclusively with men. I've been married for 15 years to a great girl who loves cum as much as I do. When she discovered my taste for the sweet cream, she allowed me to indulge in every wild or weird quest. I have sucked off many men in front of her with her full approval and had men shoot their cream all over my body and in every hole, again, with her full knowledge. Most women would never put up with my desires, but my wife loves to see me so totally turned on and satisfied.

Over the past few years I have gone from occasional male/male sex to almost weekly oral adventures. Susie never seems to mind, even when I seek my pleasures away from home and only tell her about them. She has sometimes finds men for me to suck. I guess you could say I'm obsessed with cocks and only mildly enjoy pure male/female sex. We all know that men give the best blowjobs. Try as she might, it just isn't the same as when a hot man sucks me off.

I recently met a guy on the net who was interested in making some cum eating videos to sell or just to trade or have on hand to jerk off to. I have always wanted to have some good films of myself eating cum, getting facefucked and in the throws of orgasm. We traded a few pics and he was attractive and in good shape. I've never been able to suck off a guy who was not physically appealing to me. I still have no emotional interest in men, but I love the male figure and shape and the power of an erect penis. 

I told Susie that I had to go away on business for a week. Since I travel often, this was no big surprise. She also knew I would have some fun on these trips. What she didn't know was that I would spend a week with just one guy sucking and being sucked and totally being absorbed by his body. I would drink more cum this week than in the previous three months. I've always imagined there were guys like me who truly loved the taste, smell and feel of cum, but until I got on the net and explored, I couldn't believe how many of us there are.

When I finally met Jim in the flesh, he was about my weight and size, but was in much better shape than his pic showed. He had a great body. His house was out in the woods away from anyone else. This would be great for some private fun. We toured his house and then went into the basement. He opened a door and I was amazed. There was a full studio of light and camera equipment, a bed, a table with straps, a wall full of cuffs and leather restraints and something I didn't recognize. My cock got hard just seeing this. I brought a blood test to prove to him that I was HIV negative. He gave me a copy of his last test. With that over with, we went upstairs and relaxed until evening. 

At about 6PM, there was a knock on the door. Jim let three guys in who were equally as handsome as he was. They were all off for the week and we were going to have some fun. Each guy had read my stories on the net and was facinated to see if I could pass the cumlover test. There are so many fakes on the net. I just despise those fake cumshots. Real sperm has a look that can't be faked. The varying textures and how parts are runny and some are thick.

I was told to stand in the middle of the room and strip. I love to be seen naked so I quickly got undressed and stood at attention for all to see my excitement. They said I should jerk off into my palm and let each guy inspect it before the next step. I began to pump my cock and it wasn't long before that sweet wonderful feeling came over me. I almost forgot I was standing in front of four guys as I pumped my way to heaven. I carefully held out my left palm to catch my sperm as it shot out of my cock. There were four nice streams pooled in my palm. As I recovered, I walked up to Jim and showed him my load and then showed the others. They each nodded with approval. They told me to just stand there for a while and I reluctantly watched as my elixir turned clear as sperm does after a while. 

"Now, eat it for us", Jim commanded. 

I slowly brought my palm to my mouth and in one lick, got every drop into my mouth. I got down on my knees in front of them to show my full mouth. I love to open my mouth and show off how much I love cum. I looked straight into one mans eyes as I swallowed the load. As always, it was so sweet and pure. 

Jim looked at the other guys and said, "he'll do". 

I got dressed and we began planning the next day’s scenes. We were going to make a really hot cum eating movie. A man can only produce a nice cum load once or twice a day so we had to plan scenes over the week. It turned out all of these guys were in my Yahoo cumlovers group. I had talked to all of them under their net names. We had shared many creamy adventures while chatting over the past few months. They were all hot for the chance to see me in action. I had boasted a repertoire similar to the famous cumpuppy. His films are incredible and I have often dreamed of being him for a day. To literally drown in cum and have it cover my body and fill every hole was more than I could imagine.

I was to be the new member of a Spermo-Gnostic Cult dedicated to the deification of cum ingestion and phallic worship. Anyone at any time must accept being sucked off or sucking off another member. Check the net if you don't believe it! This was a secret society that severely screened new members with a brutal round of initiation and tests. Jim’s basement was decorated like a gothic castle with torchlights and cold concrete flooring. Even the bed was old with high posts at each corner. Our first scene on Monday involved me being introduced to the other members. Over the next five days, I lived, breathed, ate and swallowed sperm through various story lines. 

It was a real demanding, even for me, cumeating adventure like no other. I was not an actor, but a new cum slave entering into this secret world I had longed to join my whole life. I forgot that there were cameras filming around us. We all got totally caught up in the action. Each scene took hours to film and by the time each of us were finally allowed to shoot our loads for the camera, we were so worked up that the loads were huge and powerful making for great classic cum shots.

Scene One "First Test"

I knocked on a door and was invited into a dark room with only a light in the center. There was a table against the wall where I was told to put my clothes. I heard groans coming from the darkness around me. I was led to the center of the room and left alone. The moans and breathing quickened. There was a strange pungent smell in the air that I immediately recognized. My cock was at full mast as I tried to see where I was and who was making those sweet sounds. A figure dressed in a black robe approached holding a gold goblet and handed it to me. 

"Drink", was all he said. 

I looked inside to see at least three or four loads of fresh sperm swirling around and combining to form a quartet of life giving delight. I held the goblet to my lips and tilted it up. As I opened my lips, a huge dollop of cum slithered over my tongue and into my mouth. It was thick, warm and sweet with the tastes of multiple men. This was the most cum I had ever eaten at one time and I have to say it was a challenge.

Never one to fail at anything, I filled my mouth and swallowed every slimy drop and licked the rim. The same figure came back and took the goblet. I was then brought a small crystal glass and told in a monotone voice to fill it with my essence and rejuvenate my body. In the Gnostic world this means to recycle your sperm. It should never be spilled upon the floor or wasted. I wasted no time in licking my right hand and stroking my throbbing cock. I was already so damn turned on from eating those loads that it wasn't long before my balls tightened and my own seed pulsed out and into the glass. It was a nice thick load and almost filled this little jigger of solid crystal. I held it up for my unseen brothers to see and drank it down, licking the glass to the last microscopic sperm cell. There is no sperm like your own sperm. No mans juice can match its sweetness.

Scene Two "All Cummers"

The next day a black robe was laid out on the bed for me to wear. I was naked underneath. I was led to a red pillow on the floor where I was told to kneel and be quiet. After an eternity, a procession of men entered the room totally naked except that each wore a mask with horns and a devilish look about them. They stood in line in front of me while one man stood off to the side reading from a Gnostic prayer. He went on to talk about the essence and how semen was revered and precious and that I would be tested. 

In a monotone voice he said, "You must work for your semen and make each man shake and reveal himself to you." 

As I well know, a man at the point of climax is fully released and open to the world. His body shakes with delight and his sperm is revealed to the world. 

Again he said, "The sperm must not be wasted. It would be a sin." 

The first man in line stood closer with his shaved cock at my face and began to chant in a strange language. I leaned forward and felt the heat from his shaft against my face. I reached out to touch it and feel his full sac. I looked up into his eyes through the mask, which were now glazed over and red. My mouth opened wide as my lips moved over his purple cock helmet. My lips burned and my body was on fire. I also felt in a trance as I began to bob my head over his length. His cock was glistening and pulsing with every beat of his heart. I grabbed his ass and forced my mouth to the root with as much power as I could muster. I tried to keep my gag reflex in check with each thrust. I love to lose myself in a mans pleasure and feel that high that can only cum from a warm cock filling my mouth. It is so comforting and safe. I too was now moaning and as I looked up at his face, he was drooling and in a trancelike state. His hips began to thrust and his balls were now so tight. I wanted his sperm. I needed his sperm to coat my mouth and rejuvenate my body. 

He grabbed my head and pushed deep as his cock pulsed and the first thick stream of cum shot into my mouth. There was so much that it began to squirt out of the corner of my mouth. To even let one drop hit the floor would have been failure on my part so I tried to push him out just a little to regain control. I love being facefucked. His cum was sweet and hot as it slithered down my throat. I used my hand to squeeze the last drops out and into my mouth. He was shaking as he was led away and the next man took his place. One down and three to go. 

By the end of this phase of my initiation, my stomach would feel full and strange. The human body does not know what to do with sperm in huge quantities. It must be shock. I would shock my body many times over the next few days, ingesting more cum than in the last few months.

Scene Three "Public Humiliation"

We all got dressed and drove to a small diner near town. I was told that as part of my initiation, I must be publicly humiliated by being seen with my face covered in sperm and be totally comfortable and wear it with pride as a badge of honor. I was told to lay down on the floor of the van and open my mouth. All four guys began to jerk off pointing their cocks at my face. Now this was the most wild thing I had ever done. I thought I'd have to walk around outside and then we'd drive off. Not a chance. Each cock shot on my face and into my mouth one after another. After a few minutes, my face and hair were covered in hot gooey sperm. 

The leader said, "Now go into the diner and order a cup of coffee." 

I was a little nervous, but I didn't know anyone there so..... One of the guys went in with me and as the waitress seated us, she looked at me with disbelief. She knew what it was dripping from my face. I sat down and she took my order. When the coffee arrived, she asked if I wanted any cream and she almost lost it. I used my finger to scoop some cum off my face and dripped it into the cup. Her mouth was wide open as she watched me drink my sperm laden coffee. I was truly humiliated, but it was my first public facial and I was loving it. We paid the cashier who was also speechless as she took my money. I'm pretty kinky, but this was the wildest thing I'd ever done. As we drove back, I cleaned my face and licked my fingers clean to the delight of my cum brothers. They told me so many guys never get this far. They either aren't real cum lovers or they just can't go all the way. I was ready to go anywhere and do anything that involved eating cum. I couldn't imagine going too far.

Scene Four "Final Test"

As my final initiation, I had to make a take the Gnostic oath which involved ingesting the essence of the membership. Well, I thought that would be easy enough. I had done that before, but I was wrong. Since I had passed my three tests with flying colors, the other members of the cumlovers community were called in to administer the right of ascension so that I could become a full member. 

I awoke the next morning and was given a mask with horns just as the others had worn. I was naked otherwise. Jim led me to the same room where I had first started my trials. There were many noises now with much whispering and footsteps. I stood in the center again and a chair was rolled out. I was strapped down by my ankles, thighs, waist, chest, arms, wrists and neck as well as my head. I could not move a muscle. The chair was laid back so that my head was waist high. Jim pushed a plug into my mouth. It was just like the head of a penis was cut off. There was a hole at the top like a funnel. It tasted of old dried sperm. I couldn't have moved if I'd wanted to, but I didn't want to. I knew what was going to happen and I couldn't wait. My only fear was that I might get nauseated by the amount of sperm I was about to swallow. I didn't want that to happen. I love it so damn much. I've been eating it for years. I love to play with it, feel its texture, smell it and let it come alive in my mouth. A million cells invading my every tastebud.

The first man came up to my head and began to jerk off. They all began to jerk in unison and I could hear moans of pleasure from all around me. I could smell semen and with splat, a long stream shot into the funnel. It took ages to leak down into the tip and run into my mouth. All I could do was suck like I had a real cock in my mouth. One after another, they came into the funnel and after about 10 men, I was working hard to keep it from overflowing. A little leaked over the top and ran down on my face. I sucked and swallowed, but it was thick. I wasn't really able to taste it very much, but my nose was ablaze in that unmistakable smell. By now, I'd swallowed about 16 men when I saw the last man waiting to feed me. There was this constant stream of sperm on tap for my mouth to handle. The last man shot his load and then began to jerk me off. I was so hot by then that I thought I'd shoot without being touched. He scooped some cum from the funnel and lubed my shaft and really worked me hard. I tried to force my hips up to his fist, but I couldn't move. 

As I swallowed the last drop of his cum, my own seed spilled out into his hand. He lapped it up and brought his mouth to within an inch of mine and pulled the funnel away. I, of course, kept my mouth open and he opened his allowing my cum to spill out and slither into my mouth. All of my senses were on fire as well as my stomach. One more load might have been the end of my test. They unstrapped me and handed me a crystal glass so that I might always return my seed to where it belongs.

I was so proud and satisfied after five days of eating cum and making the hottest video around. We watched the raw footage and would have to wait some months for the final editing to be completed.