 We woke from our nap and were hungry as hell. Steve whipped up some bacon and eggs, but they couldn't match the "cock with wine." Ha, Ha.

A couple of hours later my cock was again ready for action and I could now bury it in Steve's love tunnel. The anticipation of fucking a man's asshole, especially my loves gorgeous love tunnel got me breathing so hard I thought I would faint. Steve rubbed some lube on his hole and on my cock. He asked if I wanted to take doggie style or with his legs up face to face. I said on your back, I want to kiss you while my cock is up your ass. I moved into position and guided my dick to the love tunnel. I proceeded to rub it around the opening of the tunnel, pushing the head in now and then.

Steve was by now screaming: "ram it in now, I want you so bad, I can't wait."

I pushed it in a little past the cock head and moved it in and out, going a little deeper each time.

Steve now moaning, said, "stop messing around and bury it."

I obliged and rammed it home. We were now both moaning quite loudly. It was so delectable, fucking my first bum, with the bonus of it being my LOVES love tunnel, that I was not going to be able to hold off the giant orgasm that was welling up from my head to my feet to my cock and balls. I was fucking in and out like a banshee and as I let go with my gusher I pushed in as hard and deep as I could. I screamed something incomprehensible and Steve said in a very loud pant that having my dick in his ass was like a gift from the gods and that my warm load of cum was the best.

I kept my cock in his tunnel as it began to soften and kissed him deeper and wetter than ever before. By now my cock was slipping out. Steve said that a good deal of that big cum dump would drip out his hole and would I please go down suck it all out, as he wanted to drink it from my mouth and taste his own love tunnel. I did as instructed. Only a little at first, but then a torrent filled my mouth. I lay back on top and kissed him while depositing it in his wide open mouth. Now I want to taste my ass love juice from your cock, he said, put it in my mouth so I can swirl my mouthful of your cum around with everything else. He then swallowed it all.

Steve, "I said, I don't know how much closer our love can get. I must have every bit of you."

Steve said, I am now going to suck my own cock again and he threw his legs up against the head board and shoved his prick into his mouth. He said he needed to take all of it, and press his lips against his balls. He was able to get seven inches or so, but pulled out and asked if I could help. I said yes, but he must tell me if it is painful. I positioned myself in back of his ass and began gently pushing down. When I twisted around to see, his cock was gone with only his balls protruding. While Steve was sucking I was staring directly at the entrance to MY love tunnel. It was still wet with my cum and I spread the cheeks as wide as possible and buried my face in there. I rubbed my forehead to my chin in that lovely mess. Steve says it is not fair, you must keep pushing. So I let go of his cheeks and pushed in rhythm with his thrusting cock. I look around again and his cock is coming up to the head and then down to the hilt in increasingly rapid strokes. In a few minutes I could feel him stiffening and bucking. I was still watching the best I could as he erupted with his cock ten inches in his throat. He pulled out and said that's enough for now. I couldn't get any of his man juice because it shot directly down his throat.

We then lay down again in each others arms and ground our messily wet crotches together. We kissed for quite a while and my cock sprung to attention again. Heavenly.

We then continued our conversation about our sex lives and fantasies.

Me, "I told you most of my experiences, including my first sex with a woman and the first dick I had in my mouth, but not why I advertised for a black cock. I was picked up at a nude bar by a reasonably well built older black guy. His come on was after inquiring whether I had ever sucked a cock, was, once you have a black cock, you won't want anything else. After a few sessions gobbling that monster wide dick, I had to agree. He gave me my first taste of being fucked. He then moved away. I had to have more black cock and bingo you came into my life. I hadn't planned on falling in love with your bronze body, exquisite cock and unbelievably delicious cum. But It happened as I had my lips wrapped around your gorgeous cock head and was sucking every last drop of your luscious love juice."

Steve, "I love that story. I fell hard for you at about the same time and have been deliriously in love since."

I now had to leave for home to get to work in the morning.

I would fly to Steve's place as often as I could. We would make love until total exhaustion. I had to share everything sexual I had done and wanted us to do together. But, because of the reaction they might engender, I was hesitant to bring up all of the kinky fetishes at once.

So I would first try out by explaining my saga of going nude in public. Also, my recurring fantasies of being naked in a very public place, meeting a stranger and having wild uninhibited sex. However, now I would like us to do it.

Steve, "My cock is getting hard just imagining it. Let's do it."

Me, "I know the perfect spot. It's in Griffith Park in a small canyon just off the street that is a gay cruising spot. I will tell you how I know at another time. We would surely be observed by numerous guys and maybe even a woman. It makes me hot just thinking about it. Let's plan it for this Sunday."

You will have to wait for part four to see how it went down. Pun intended.