 When we arrive, we strip our shorts, lock our mouths and grind our now, again, hard cocks together.

Steve, "I am still so hot I wonder if It will ever subside. Walking naked, holding your hand blows me away. And in front of the whole world. When we got to Sarah and Tim in the car, I thought I would lose it. That turned me on more than any time up to that moment, only exceeded by the subsequent public action. Sarah blurting out: 'how cute, they must be lovers' and your response, was over the top."

Me, "I agree, it was the most intense day of love making in my entire life. This had been a dream for quite some time. Sharing it with a lover made it perfect. Sarah, stripping off her pants and getting so close she could smell our sex was wild. I have had sex with numerous women, but have never seen one so crazily aroused."

Steve, "After some time to recuperate, we must do this again. What do you think of Sarah's giving us her phone number and asking us to call? Do you think we should?"

Me, "Well, I've been nude in public all over town, mostly solo, but also with a man and wife and a gay guy, however, there was no sex, although I did give a demonstration of self sucking to the guy. So, I could come up with some fantastic locations. As to Sarah and Tim, I think it would be a trip into the unknown and could be another amazing experience."

Steve cooked up some bacon and eggs and we had a nice brunch. I had to leave soon to run some errands and then go to my place as I had to be at work early. But before going I needed another taste of Steve's fabulous love drops. I went around the table and got between his legs. I tongue bathed his balls and then took his love shaft in my mouth, bringing him to a shuddering orgasm and filling me up with another load of marvelous cum. He did the same to me. I was still energized from all of the excitement of the morning and disappointing to Steve only lasted a short time. I blasted his throat with my cum.

I was going to be busy for a couple of days, so I called Steve Monday evening. I thought long and hard about a good and safe location for our next escapade and whether or not to invite Sarah. I mulled over many locations and settled on Vasquez Rocks State Park. I chose this place, because the man and wife and I cavorted there in the nude and only ran into a couple people. Better safe than sorry. When Steve picked up the phone: I said, "are you ready for the next location."

He said, "I sure am, it's making me hard just thinking about"

I said, "super, should I call Sarah?"

Steve, "Yeah, I would like that".

Me, "OK, I will call Sarah and when the plan is finalized I'll call you back".

I called Sarah and when I told her who I was. She gasped and said, "I never thought I would hear from you, but am really excited. Tim was also turned on watching you two beautiful lovers ravishing each

other in front of us. He knows I gave you my phone number and is all for participating in any plans you may have for a return engagement. I know it may not be possible, but I would be super charged by watching him consume your or both of your cocks. I believe he is ready. I hope you have called to invite me, and or, us to your next blow out."

Me, "Sarah, we both were intensely stimulated from the moment we stood outside the car window. Steve was stunned and immensely aroused by your participation in our public love making and in particular your initial comment: "how cute, they must be lovers". He told me that was really cool and completely appropriate and loving. I have picked another spot, that myself and a woman and her husband gallivanted around in the nude. No sex, but a rousing and arousing good time. It is about 50 miles away so we should meet nearby here and ride together."

Sarah, "Sounds great! Where should we meet?".

Me, "Let's meet at the same place and you can jump in the car with us. We should meet about 4:45 so we can arrive as it begins to get light. If you plan to get naked, you should wear a pull over sundress with no underwear for quick dressing if need be. Tim is certainly welcome to come along. However, your request for Tim will flow or not from the circumstances. Oh, I almost forgot, this Sunday. Are you on?"

Sarah, "Absolutely, wouldn't miss it for anything. I am wet already and most likely will be soaked a week in anticipation. I am rubbing my love button as we speak."

Me, "See you then, bye."

Part six to follow, Vasquez Rocks.