 Wednesday dawned with excitement building toward the early Thursday morning arrival of Steve after his seemingly being gone forever. Both Sarah and I agreed to abstain from sex to be able to greet him in the fashion he deserves. We then went our respective ways, me to my work and Sarah to school.

That evening over a couple of beers I began reminiscing with Sarah how I fell in love with Steve and cum.

Me, "Sarah, you've asked about me being a cum lover and how that came about."

Sarah, "Yeah I would love to know."

Me, "It began when I think I was nineteen or so. I had been jerking off for some time and after a while I began ejaculating in my hand and sucking the cum into my mouth. Shortly after I began swallowing and loved it. About that time I began throwing my legs over my head and attempting to shoot directly into my mouth. I would get some, but most would blanket my nose and chin. I then started to pull down on my ass to get closer and was able to get almost all of it. It was making me more and more excited. I was taking my load at least once a day and sometimes two or three. One day I discovered that if I put my feet against the head board of the bed I could push my dick to within an inch of my mouth and take it all. By this time I was in love with cum and was insatiable.

"Sometime later I was into the act and pushing hard. Suddenly my cock head brushed my lips. I can't tell you the electricity that coursed through my body. Within seconds my cock erupted with the most massive orgasm I had ever experienced."

Sarah, "That is so cool. I guess that was the start of sucking your own cock."

Me, "Yes. When I was able to get my cock head in my mouth I thought I had died and gone to heaven. It wasn't long till I could get more than half in and shoot delicious cum directly down my throat."

Sarah, "You told me before that you had a semi steady girlfriend and were having wild sex. How did you manage?"

Me, "Amazingly I managed. I met an older gal about that time and she made me cum twelve times in one session."

Sarah, "Wow, that must be in the record books. Now I know how it's possible for you to get stiff and cum over and over again. I am getting hot again, but we agreed to save ourselves for tomorrow, so I will try to control myself. Tell me how you got your first load from another man."

Me, "My girlfriend went away for several months. I will make this short so I can finish the lead up to Steve before we fall asleep. I was at a party where there was a bevy of gorgeous girls dancing in their underwear. I was sporting a giant woody. Being very shy, I knew I wasn't going to hook up with them, so I left. I didn't have my car, so I went to the corner to hitch a ride home so I could relieve myself. I was horny as hell. A young guy picked me up and to cut to the chase, he asked me if I ever had a blow job. I said I had by my girlfriend. He said that until I experienced a man I would never know how great it could be. He was now rubbing my thigh, which made my cock attempt to burst out of my jeans. He took me to his apartment and we stripped down. He had a stunning body and a lovely cock. I was so hot I couldn't help but take hold of it and pop it in my mouth. I sucked it and his balls for quite a long time until he finally unloaded with a blast of exquisite tasting cum. So much that I gagged trying to swallow it all. He then did me and I must say he was right, it was the best. When I got home I realized I hadn't got his number. Damn I thought, that will probably be my first and last taste of a man's love juice."

Sarah, "Tell me how you met Steve."

Me, "Well, I will first relate what directly led to it. I was sitting at a table in a nudie bar guzzling beer when a black hunk sat down next to me. I glanced over and noticed that he was rubbing his crotch and had a large bulge down his leg. He saw that I was staring at his growing cock. After a minute or two he inquired whether I had sucked a cock. I answered in the affirmative. He then asked if I had ever sucked black meat. When I said no, he said that if I did I would never want anything else. He said if I wanted some I should call and he gave his number and left.

"I called the next day and got his address. He said to come down the driveway to the converted garage, the door will be open. When I opened the door he was laying on the bed naked with this perfectly shaped cock in his hand. It was not overly long (maybe eight inches), but at least two inches wide with two of the largest balls I have ever seen. I ripped my clothes off and immediately wrapped my lips around that magnificent crown. This made me so hot I felt an orgasm was not far away. I caressed that delicious cock with my tongue and lips and attempted to get more, but could only squeeze about three inches into my bulging mouth. I then moved to taste those stupendous balls. I worked on his cock with my mouth and my hand for what seemed like an hour before he started moaning and bucking. He then unloaded more cum then I thought was possible, about ten to twelve blasts. It was very thick and creamy and drove me so wild I ejaculated without touching my prick. He gave me the best blow job so far. We had several more sessions before he moved back east. The night before he left, he took my virgin asshole. That monster cock was painful, but also so pleasurable I knew I would have to have more."

Sarah, "So, was black cock all he said it was?"

Me, "And more. I dreamed about it almost every night, wet ones at times. I was constantly thinking what I could do to find another black cock. I had to have it and the gushers of cum. I continued going to the nudie bar hoping for a miracle and when leaving one night I noticed one those free sex rags with ads. So I placed one reading "white guy seeking black cock" or something to that effect. Not thinking I would get an answer I went to the mail box every day in any case. After a couple of discouraging weeks I got a note, tore it open and was stunned, reading something like: "young black model with the cock you're looking for" and a phone number. I rushed home and called. It was Steve. I was so excited, I flew to his place the next evening.

"I knocked on the door and when he opened it, he opened the door naked and I almost lost it. Standing before me was the most gorgeous hunk of man I ever laid eyes on. Up till now I hadn't considered myself gay, but thought this apparition would put that to the test. He invited me in and he said "I can tell you are really anxious." He asked if he would like a beer and went into the kitchen to get a couple. Went he returned I was baring it all. I exclaimed, oh my god, I'm in love. He had the body of a Greek god, beautiful full tits, a six pack, a ten inch love pole and when he turned around an exquisite bubble butt. I set the my beer aside, I had to embrace every bit of this. I pecked him on the lips and we put our arms around each other and had a luscious tongue duel and ground our now erect cocks together. To cut this short, needless to say I tasted every inch of this perfect man. Including licking and sucking that glorious ass and taking a load of the most tasty cum I had yet. I was head over heels in love and Steve was too. This was the start of a beautiful romance. Most of the rest you know."

Sarah, "Oh my, that is so romantic. You not only got a black cock and delicious cum but a lover to boot. It can't get better than that. Steve is all you say he is and much more. I'm glad you shared his lovely cock with me. I would love to have it in my pussy again, it was the best fuck I ever experienced."

Me, "I think we are well on our way to being a threesome, even if Steve isn't necessarily into women. However, I think he loves you as I do, so who knows what the future holds. Let's go to bed, we have to be up fairly early."

Steve's arrival will have to wait till the next part.