 About two years ago, I decided to experiment with a fantasy of mine. For many years, I have enjoyed watching pornography with my wife of girlfriend and also enjoyed threesomes with them involving other men. I had never been sexually involved with another male, but I had always looking especially at the male organs when they were on screen and always made my wife swallow any of the cum that was produced by a strange man when we had our tryst's. She would tell me how much she enjoyed it and I became interested in having my mouth filled with cock, but never acted on it for fear of discovery.

Two years ago that all changed, my wife and I were divorced and the internet was in it's hey day and I decided that I wanted to meet someone and suck their cock. I didn't know if I could go through with it or not, but I was willing to give it the old college try.

Well, I ended up with a bunch of replies and I narrowed it down. I answered 4 of them and began the meetings. The first man that I set a time with, the first time that I would have another man's cock in my mouth turned out to be a heavy set man and he took me back to his house, I was very nervous and told him the quickest way to get over the problem was for him to drop his pants so I could begin to do what I came there for. His cock was about normal size and he had a nice set of balls, he laid back on the bed and I knelt on the floor beside the bed and looked at his cock and balls, then opened my mouth and tasted cock for the first time. I guess I was a bit clumsy at it because he said he was having trouble because of some medicine he was taking and I only got a taste of what I would come to so enjoy. 

Within a few minutes, a drop of his sperm hit my tongue and I went away from him still hungry to know what it would be like to eat cum.

The second man was that afternoon and I had told him that I would meet him, and called at the restaurant he went to, telling him who I was and asking if he still wanted to go through with it. He indicated that he did, and I paid for a motel room, and called him back and told him where to meet me.

When he knocked on the door, I opened it and found a very nice looking man, but again being a novice and nervous as hell, I just kneeled and undid his pants and he pulled his shirt over his head and I looked at him, standing before me nude, a very nice body, a bit hairy, but about a 7 inch cock and a nice set of balls. His cock was already hard and I took it into my mouth and started to work his cock and knew I had already begun to enjoy the taste of cock and began to suck him, wanting to taste my first full load of sperm. Again, because of my inexperience I was quick and before too long his cum coated my tongue and I swallowed and continued to suck him. When I pulled my mouth from his cock he asked why I swallowed and I said I wanted to taste sperm, and he seemed a bit disgusted, but I loved the taste and feel of my first load. My lips were sort of sticky and I enjoyed that feeling as I drove home.

My third man ended up wanting me to meet him at a place and leave my vehicle, which I readily agreed to and two days later, I met Sam, I got in his truck with him and he took me to his house, let me into his garage and I got on my knees and he offered his cock to me. It was only about 5 inches long and I started to suck him, he moaned as I began to suck his cock paying special attention to the head, loving the smoothness and the taste of saltines and I took all of his cock in my mouth as I began sucking him. He warned me that he was going to cum and I just murmured "uh huh" and kept sucking. His cock exploded in my mouth and I kept swallowing, but it was so much that some escaped and soaked my beard. 

When he was finished he pulled his jogging pants back up and we headed back to the truck. I told him he came a lot and I loved it. In the truck on the way to my vehicle, I tongued the sperm that still was in my beard and thought wonderful thoughts about his beautiful cock. I told him I really enjoyed it and we waved goodbye and I headed for home. The whole trip home, I savored the still wet cum that I could lick off my beard, and knew for the first time that I was going to be a cum slut. I didn't wash his smell off me for about 4 or 5 hours, just enjoying the smell of his cock.

That evening, I was contacted by the fourth man I had talked too. I was in heaven, I knew that I was going to have a mouth full of cock for the fourth time since I had started this little adventure, and I was looking forward to it.

I lived only about a mile from his house and I headed over to it. When I entered the house he ushered me into his bedroom where he had a porno on the TV. He pushed me to my knees in front of his dresser and pushed his pants down. His cock was about 7 ½ inches and quite big around. He grabbed my head and fed me his cock. I was backed against his dresser and he began to fuck my mouth. I gagged a little, and opened wide so as not to make him angry if my teeth hit him. He stood about 6'4" tall and I knew he was in charge. I felt his cock pushing at my throat and he forced it into my throat and continued to fuck me like he would a cunt. I was stuck in this position for the next ten minutes, his cock fucking my mouth and his balls bouncing off my chin, until finally he started cumming. I swallowed all of his sperm, not wanting to upset him and he pulled back lay on his bed and told me to let myself out. I drove back home, having in my first two days sucking four different men. I knew I was in love with cocksucking and looked forward to my next encounters. 

I awoke the next morning with a sore throat, not realizing just how hard he had fucked my mouth, but wanting to meet him again...