 After my first week of sucking cock, I sat back and thought about what I had done, and decided that I actually enjoyed it immensely and loved the taste of warm cum directly from it's source. So, the next thing I knew I had to do was become good at it.

About two week later, the third guy that I had sucked wrote to me and we decided to meet again. This time he picked me up, took me to his house and instead of going in, he pulled his floor mat out of his truck and threw it on the asphalt before him. I immediately sunk to my knees as he dropped his pants. He lived in a neighborhood and I was worried a little that we would get caught, but my desire for cum took over and I began to suck his cock. I fondled his balls as I sucked him and it wasn't long before I was rewarded by a large mouthful of his sperm, again filling me to the point that a bit of it collected on my beard. On the way back to my vehicle, I told him what a wonderful load he had delivered to me and thanked him again for allowing me to service him.

As I drove home, I again licked at the overflow, never just wiping it away when I left him. I savored the taste of male sperm so I emailed him and told him of my desire to come to my house, because I would like to give him a "slow blow". He agreed to this and I told him how to get to my house and we set up to meet there early Saturday morning. When he arrived he went into the bathroom to piss and also to wash his cock and balls. When he returned to the bedroom, he lay back on the bed and I started to work on him. I left the lights on so I could see his cock and balls as I slowly sucked on him. I looked into the mirror on the headboard and for the first time in my life, I saw a reflection of me with my mouth filled with cock and I smiled to myself as I worked him. I moved my mouth from his cock and took each ball into my mouth as he moaned. Sam lasted 35 minutes before he filled my mouth with his sperm. As he softened, I kept my mouth on his cock, enjoying the feeling of his cockhead against my tongue. After this he would come to my house at least twice a week, each time making me work for my prize. I couldn't wait to see him pull into my driveway.

Sometimes he would surprise me and when he walked up to my door, I opened it and saw another man with him. Each time he would tell me the man's name and he had lost in pool to him or something and told me to give him a good blow job. I would relish this and Sam would watch as I sucked another man's cock in front of him. I truly enjoyed this experience each time. He knew that I loved to suck cocks and he furnished new ones when he could. 

Usually when he came alone, I would have a glass of water for him and he enjoyed laying cross ways in my overstuffed chair with pillows under him and he would make me work for my sweet cum. At times it would take me over an hour to finally make him cum, and he always seemed able to produce large amounts of cum for me.

I would sometime let if flow from my mouth and slide down into his pubic hair, but then I would clean it from him making sure he could watch me. I never let any go to waste. 

One Saturday morning, he came to the door, and when he came in he headed for the bathroom, as was usual, but he stopped for a moment and handed me a couple of tied up baggies and told me it was a surprise for me. They were cold and I pulled them open to discover something white that was frozen. He said he had jerked off a couple of times during the week and said the were "cocksicles" for me. I opened the Saran wrap and took the frozen cum into my mouth and held it allowing it to melt on my tongue. That morning after the two "cocksicles" I got a massive load from the source and then proceeded to spend the next five minutes trying to push my tongue into his asshole for payment for his wonderful surprise. I found this not to be an unpleasant experience and it became a now and then part of our sex antics from then on.

I will continue with more of my experiences if you would like.

Contact me, I will gladly suck your cock for you….and never ask anything in return…I am truly a cum slut.