 As I was driving up the road to visit Scott, I was thinking just how much I enjoyed sucking his cock, but knew my mission this morning was to be a bit different. I had thought about it since I had received his call at 5 this morning. Now as I drove along the only thing on my mind was what I was going to do.

Scott had a wonderful cock that I had sucked a few times, savoring the flavor of his cum and the great taste that hard cock. I had sucked his balls often and enjoyed the feeling of his pubes on my lips and tongue. This time was going to be wonderful for me, and I hoped that he would too.

I had the radio tuned to a classical station, and the music was making me so relaxed, and my mouth was watering. I turned the last corner heading to his house. He had told me that the door would be open. I parked the truck went down the sidewalk and up to the front door. As I entered, the low lighting was showing from his bedroom. I went through the door and saw him laying on the bed, absolutely naked. His cock just lay limp in his pubic hair, and his balls laid hung loosely full of my favorite breakfast. I longed so much for that wonder meal, but knew I had to work him up better that I ever have before. I wanted to feel the head of his cock explode in my throat this morning, pumping that load directly down my throat. I didn't always enjoy this, but this morning that is where I wanted it, even though I don't get the full flavor of the sperm.

"Morning my love," I said softly.

He didn't answer, which was normal. I bent over and kissed him, enjoying the taste of his saliva, as I sucked on his tongue.

"Turn over my love" I whispered in his ear, as I urged him to turn over. I licked his ear and then worked his back with my hands massaging his shoulders, and nape of his neck. Scott groaned as I did this to him. I knew it made his feel good.

I kissed his shoulders and then allowed my tongue to lick slowly on his skin, down his back, and back up again. My hands massaged his back and I lifted his arm, and my tongue went into his armpit, enjoying the taste I found there. I'm glad he didn't put deodorant on yet this morning. I took a nipple into my mouth and suckled on it. My prize was still ahead, but I wanted to take my time and enjoy his body. I worked my way down lower and kissed the cheek of his ass, my tongue licking slowly over the area, while working my way lower. His thighs were wonderful, tasty and I worked my way to the back of his knees, while my hands massaged his beautiful ass cheeks pushing them apart. I worked my way lower, licking his calves, then to his feet, and I licked them fully, the soles, the toes, and then I sucked the large toe into my mouth and let my tongue swirl around it.

I was enjoying this so much. I was massaging Scott's legs as I sucked each toe into my mouth in succession until I had worked each into my mouth and completely tongued all of them and then licked the insteps, until I proved I was there for his pleasure only!!!!!!

I took my time retracing the path up his other leg and until I got to his ass. I kissed the other cheek and urged him to his knees, which he readily did. He spread his knees and I saw his cock for the first time since I started, and he was hard as a rock. His balls were tightening up, and then my prize. I lay on the bed between his open legs and licked the top his ass crack and began my journey to the taste I was looking for. My tongue found it's target and I licked wide over his puckered asshole. I put my lips to his ass and kissed him deeply, then pushed my tongue into his ass for the first time. It was wonderful. I had thought about it since I left my house and here I was tonguing his asshole. So tasty. 

I spent the next few minutes just enjoying the taste of his ass, then reached underneath him and began to fondle his balls, then I took his cock in my hand and stroked it a little. 

My mouth left his ass, and I took his cock into my mouth feeling the flow of his precum and relishing the taste. I cleaned him a bit then went back to spend time with my tongue in his ass, still playing with his balls.

Scott put his head down so his ass was high in the air and completely open for my ass munching, and I took full advantage of it as I worked my tongue deep as I could into his ass. I move my mouth long enough to suck on his balls as I played with his cock. The precum was flowing, his balls in my mouth and my nose leaning against his asshole.

I went back once more and after working my tongue into his ass again, I pulled back and gave him a loud kiss on his beautiful asshole.

Scott rolled over and said, "Suck it, you cocksucker."

I did as I was told and took his cock into my mouth, and didn't slow up until my nose was in his pubes. I looked up at him and saw the wild expression of a man needing to release some tension. He grabbed my head and held it as he began to move his hips. 

After he fucked my mouth for a few minutes, he pulled out and said, "Suck my balls."

Again, I had no problem doing just that. I took a ball into my mouth, opened wider and pushed the other in my mouth to join the first. I sucked his balls for a while as he played with his cock. I liked the view, my mouth full of balls and watching his hand on his cock. I knew I was going to get a mouthful of semen before long.

His balls were tightening in my mouth. 

Scott said. "I'm going to cum, where do you want it."

I pulled my mouth off his balls and said, "Down my throat, baby."

"Take it then." He pushed his cock into my mouth and I went all the way to the root as I looked up at him. He held my head as his cock began to empty into my throat, directly down into my belly. He held it there until he finished, then released my head. I didn't pull back but kept his cock in my throat, the let it slip into my mouth and just held it there. I knew he was sensitive, but I wanted to feel his cock as it started to soften.

I so wanted to keep him there but knew he had to go to work. I got up thanked him and headed for the door. I knew he didn't want me to kiss him goodbye, he never did after I had sucked his cock. That never bothered me, because my joy was savoring the flavors that I had. Maybe next time, I'll spend more time licking his ass, or maybe I can finally taste his piss. We'll see.