 I was attending my first year of college at a small college where I had received a scholarship in swimming. I am bisexual, but not open about it and did not want anyone at school to know that I also liked men. 

Being in great shape with a lean, hard body I had no problems finding women but did not want a serious relationship, so I had several "friends with benefits" that kept me happy. Since I wanted to keep my love of cock a secret, I quickly discovered the gay area in a medium sized town about an hour from campus. I would drive to town and visit the gay clubs to dance and grind with hot men. 

I'm a total bottom and avid cocksucker who loves the taste of cum. I loved to go dancing with all the hot guys and find someone to give a hot blowjob to or to go to their house for some hot man on man action. I would also wear panties or thongs when I went dancing and when things got hot on the dance floor I would take my shirt off and people could see the strings of my thong or my panties over the top of my pants. Lots of guys liked that and there were few times when I couldn't find a hot cock to suck by the end of the night.

My favorite club had a large dance floor with a balcony that went around three sides of the dance floor that had tables and was very dark. Frequently, there were older men in their 30's & 40's hanging out in the balcony watching the hot younger men dance. I would sometimes receive a free drink and an invitation from an older man to join him on the balcony. Now let me tell you that I am more attracted to older men, so I always accepted and would go check out the person sending me a drink in hopes of finding him attractive and being a total top.

Late in the spring of my first year, I received a note from one of my professors in my college mail box requesting we meet in his office during his normal office hours. I wasn't sure what it could be about since I knew I was doing fine in his class and had turned in everything that was due. I had a lab the next day that went through his office hours so it wasn't until the following day that I could stop in to see him. 

There was a cute upperclass coed in his office when I arrived and they were talking about the last test where apparently she had not scored very high. He waved me to a sofa along one wall of his office and I went over and took a seat. I sat back and relaxed and quickly tuned them out. I was surprised to hear my name a few minutes later and realized I was just volunteered to tutor her. She glanced at me and gave me a quick once over and I thought to myself that she was prettier than I had first thought. We exchanged numbers and I agreed to call her in a day or so for us to meet up at the library to begin studying. She left and closed the door behind her. 

"I want you to know that I'm pleased by your efforts in my class." he started off. "I also want to reassure you that what I ask you next in no way affects your standing in my class."

I was clearly puzzled and I'm sure it showed on my face, so he continued.

"I realize this may embarrass you, but please know that I have no ill intentions or mean to place you in an awkward position." he said.

Still clearly puzzled, I could only say "ok".

He handed me a folded piece of paper that contained only an address when I opened it and read it. 

I looked back at him and he said "I was pleasantly surprised the other weekend when I was visiting one of my favorite clubs and drinking on the balcony in privacy, just watching everyone dance and have a good time, when I noticed someone I recognized."

My mouth went dry and my heart must have stopped! I remember thinking that I would have to transfer, and would lose my scholarship, everything! 

He held up a hand and said "Don't panic, your secret is safe with me. I promise that I will never speak of this with another person. I gave you my address so we can talk about it in privacy where no one will ever know."

He continued "If you decide you do not wish to talk, then I will forget this conversation ever happened and you have my word of my discretion and I will appreciate yours for not mentioning that I frequent that establishment."

I was still speechless and in shock and could only sit there in disbelief. 

He said "If you do decide to come to my house, I would greatly enjoy talking with you. I realize this is a shock to you and thought this was the best way for us to talk about it. Imagine our mutual surprise if we met at the club and both panicked!"

I meekly nodded as he continued "I do not want my secret known either and do like that club, so the chance of us meeting by accident is very high. I thought it best for us to discuss it in a comfortable setting so we can both be at ease to see how we work this out to both our advantages."

He stood up and said "I have another class in a few minutes so I must be going. I know you are shocked and need some time to think. I will be home every night this week by 6pm and you are free to come over anytime after that. Again, if you decide not to come and just talk, then this conversation never happened and I will never say anything about it again. Thank you for coming to see me and I hope that you are not too shocked."

I took that as my cue, stood up and quickly left his office. I hurried from the building and back to my dorm room, locking myself into my room to think things over. First, he must be gay, bi or curious to even be at that club. As I calmed down a little and began to think more, it made sense for him to approach me as he did since any other way of us meeting would have been sudden and I surely would have panicked. 

I tried to think of the last time I was at the club. It must have been about two weekends ago, and I remember it was one of the times I was dancing with my shirt off and was wearing a red thong. I also remember that I was dancing a lot with an older guy and gave him a blowjob in his car that night. My professor must have seen me wearing my thong, grinding on the dance floor with him and even may have seen us leave together. He must know that I like older guys so it makes sense that he would approach me. 

If what he said was true, then he was trying to prevent a mistake by us meeting by chance and both our secrets get out. I began to feel a little better as I thought things out. I did not go over to his house that night and decided that I would wait until I had attended his next class to see how he acted. I didn't have his class until the following day and spent most of my time thinking of ways that would allow me to protect my secret from my room mate, friends, and all of campus. 

The next day, I was very nervous walking into the professor's classroom. I took my usual seat and waited as the classroom filled with other students. No one was giving me any stares so I took that as a good sign. The professor walked in just before class began, walked over to his desk and began to organize his papers. He then started his lecture without even a glance in my direction. I was oblivious to what he was saying and certainly took no notes that day. He was totally into his lecture and I began to just watch him. 

He was in his late 30's I assumed, looked reasonably fit in slacks, dress shirt and tie, had a full head of black hair and looked to be about 6 feet tall. I found myself thinking that he was attractive and that I would easily dance with him at the club. I even began to get hard thinking of grinding into him on the dance floor.

Before I knew it, class was over and people were filing out of the classroom. I quickly gathered my things and walked out without looking at him and went to my next class. The rest of the day I kept thinking of him and whether or not I was going to go to his home that night or not. I also kept fantasizing about what would happen at his house. Did he want to seduce me or just talk? 

The more I thought about it the more I kept thinking that I wanted him to seduce me and kept getting erections throughout the day. I decided that I would go to his house and hear what he has to say, but thought my fantasies were kind of silly. I would listen to him and that he would probably just talk about us being at the same club and that I was not to talk to him if we met at a club.

That evening I took a shower and got myself presentable, although I hardly wear anything besides shorts and tee shirts at college. I did put on a small red thong just in case my fantasies were true, but did not think things would come to that. Around 7pm, I left my dorm and drove over to the address he gave me and sat in the car for a few minutes building up my nerve to knock on the door. After a few moments, I decided it was now or never and got out and walked up to his front door and pressed the doorbell. 

I waited and no one answered. I pressed the doorbell again and was ready to walk back to my car when I heard the locks being opened and my professor opened the door wearing exercise shorts and a sweaty tee shirt and seemed surprised to see me.

"Hello there." He said "I was on my rowing machine and listening to music and wasn't sure if that was the doorbell or not. Come in please."

I stepped in and he shut and locked the door and I followed him into his family room.

"Thank you for coming, I'm wasn't at all sure you would come by." He said "Make yourself comfortable, there is the remote, and I have soda, beer or wine in the kitchen right through that door. I'm going to change into something not quite so sweaty."

I helped myself to a beer and sat on a large comfortable sofa and flipped through a few channels before he reappeared in sweatpants and a new tee shirt with a glass of wine. He sat down in an easy chair while I muted the TV.

"David, thank you again for coming tonight, I know this must have caught you by surprise." he began 

"Please know that what I said before is true, I will never speak of this with anyone and will appreciate you not speaking of it either. No one at the school is aware that I am bisexual and I plan to keep it that way."

"I understand Professor" I replied.

"Please, David, just call me Steve here at the house." he told me "Professor is for class, but here in this setting I prefer Steve."

"Yes Prof.., uh Steve." was all I could say.

"Well" he began "I am bisexual as I said, and did see you a couple of weekends ago and did not want us to meet by accident and have you tell your friends that you saw me at the club. I thought this was a private way of us talking and I could tell by your reaction in my office that you do not want people to know either."

"Thank you Steve" was my brilliant reply.

"Would you like another beer David?" he asked.

"Yes please" I answered and he got up to get me another beer. 

He returned with a beer for me and another glass of wine for himself and sat back down.

"I do enjoy watching the younger men dance at the club, so please feel free to say hello if we meet there one weekend, but please just call me Steve and not Professor." he said jokingly. "How often do you go there?"

"I try to go on weekends when there are no swim meets or anything fun going on at campus" I replied, feeling more comfortable now. "But its an hours drive from campus so I don't usually drink too much so I can drive back."

He laughed and said "I usually stay at a downtown hotel for the weekend so I don't have to make that drive so late at night. So tell me David, what about you, are you gay or bisexual?"

"I'm bisexual as well." I answered "I date a few girls on campus, but like men as well obviously, but I just don't want anyone at school to know I'm bi."

"I understand." he said "Your secret is safe with me. May I ask you some more questions?"

"Sure Steve." I answered.

"Please don't be embarrassed, but I'm interested to know what you like to do with men." he asked "I am versatile but prefer to top and do like oral as well as other things. "I'm just curious what other people like so I thought this was a good setting to ask."

Wow! I thought. I've never been able to talk about this with anyone so openly before. Without thinking about it too much I just answered him.

"I'm a bottom." I blurted out "I like oral a lot and when I go to the club I get really horny dancing with all the guys."

He laughed in a good-natured kind of way. "I understand, it does have a very sexual feeling watching those guys dance." he said and then asked "Another beer?"

"Sure thing Steve." I relied.

I got up and followed him into the kitchen as he handed me another beer. He poured himself another glass of wine and we stood around his kitchen island and sipped our drinks and chatted about some of the things we'd seen happen at the club.

"David, how did you first know that you liked men?" he asked me.

"Well, that's a long story." I replied "But, now that I'm in college, its been kinda hard to find anyone except at the clubs and many only want quick hookups so its been tough to find anything that lasts. Quick hookups are fun, but doesn't lend itself to exploring more if you know what I mean."

"Absolutely!" He said "Exploring is the best part of sex! Without that we would all just do the same thing each time, while fun, is not very satisfying for long. I enjoy all types of sex to explore and find new exciting ways to have fun."

We wondered back into the family room and sat down together on the sofa. I kept my hand over my crotch to cover my growing bulge as we continued to have an excellent and open conversation about gay and bi lifestyles. We talked about condoms, lubricant, shaving, and even oral techniques. I became more and more comfortable and even told him that I love the taste of cum and that I get really turned on by a nice hard cock in front of me and feel like such a slut when sucking a cock.

He laughed and patted my on my knee. When he tilted his glass back to finish the last of his wine, I looked down at his crotch and noticed that he had a nice bulge in his sweatpants. I found myself licking my lips and got up to get another beer. I asked him if he wanted more wine as I walked to the kitchen. 

He followed me and I handed him the wine bottle and took a seat on a stool behind the kitchen island to hide my growing hard on. He walked up behind me and I felt his hand at the back of my shorts.

"I see you wore a thong tonight." he said "Do you wear them all the time? I've seen you wear these at the club. I must say they are quite sexy."

OMG! My shirt must have pushed up and exposed my thong. I remember thinking that I should be embarrassed but just turned to face him as he stood next to me. I could clearly see his sweatpants tenting from his erection and just told myself to hell with it, go for it!

I reached out and slowly rubbed his cock through his sweatpants and said "I only wear them when I think there is a chance of something happening."

He leaned in and we kissed. He was a great kisser, his lips were soft and when he slipped his tongue between my lips, I sucked on it like it was a cockhead. My hand rubbed the bulge in his sweatpants and I could tell he had a very nice cock. He had one hand on the back of my head as we kissed and the other was rubbing my thigh. I wanted his cock right then and there. 

When I began to pull down his sweatpants, he broke the kiss and grabbed my hand and pulled me up off the stool.

"Lets go somewhere more comfortable." he said.

He led me from the kitchen and through the family room to a large set of double doors. He open them and stepped aside as I entered his master bedroom. He had a large king bed in the center of the far wall. He had mirrored closet doors that were to the side of the bed and nice furniture spread around the room. He walked up behind me and I felt his hands lift my shirt. I raised my arms as he pulled my shirt over my head and then felt him step close to me and run his hands over my chest and down my stomach. I also felt his cock press against my ass as he began to kiss the back of my neck. His hands continued down my stomach to the top of my shorts and I felt him undo the button and then slide the zipper down. As my baggy shorts fell to my ankles, I stepped out them and my flip-flops leaving me in just a tiny red thong with my fully hard cock head pushing up past the waistband.

I turned to face him and we kissed again and I grabbed the bottom of his shirt and lifted it. He raised his arms as I lifted his shirt over his head as we kissed deeply. His hands were on both of my bare ass cheeks, kneading them and pulling me close to him so our cocks were grinding against each other. My hands went down his back and I began to kiss his neck and chest. I flicked my tongue across his nipples and sucked on each one briefly. I dropped to my knees and pressed my face against his crotch, feeling the outline of his engorged cock against my face. I reached to his waistband and slowly pulled his sweatpants over his cock and pushed them down. I just stared at his beautiful 8 inch cock as I helped him step out of his sweatpants. His perfect purplish cockhead was pointing straight up and his thick shaft had a nice upward curve. His balls were large and completely shaved.

I kissed his balls and licked them, taking each one into my mouth and gently tongued them. I then licked and kissed along his shaft to his cockhead. There was some pre-cum leaking from his slit and I gently licked it off. I slowly stroked his shaft as I sucked his balls again, before licking more pre-cum from him. I used just my tongue on his cockhead, licking all his pre-cum before taking just the head into my mouth. 

I used my tongue to massage the bottom of his head as I slowly sucked more of his cock into my eager mouth. His pre-cum tasted so good, I knew that I wanted his cum but wanted to make this last and to give him my very best blowjob. I slowly sucked more of him into my mouth each time I went down and then came back to lick more pre-cum from his slit.

Pretty soon I was taking all of him into my mouth and milking his cock with my lips and tongue. Both of my hands were on his ass, spreading his ass cheeks apart and lightly toying with his ass as I sucking him greedily. I loved feeling like such a slut kneeling before him in only a thong with his cock deep in my mouth. I couldn't wait for him to feed me his load of hot cum. His hands were light on my head letting me work his cock at my own pace and I could look up and see him breathing heavier. 

I used one hand to gently knead his balls and held onto his leg with my other hand as I began to suck him faster. I moved my hand from his balls to the base of his cock and tightly gripped it to act like a cock ring and sucked him deep and strong a few times and I felt his cock get even harder. I knew he was close to cumming and kept my grip on him and kept sucking at the same pace until I felt him begin to tremble. I kept his cockhead in my mouth and now began to stroke him firmly and felt the first big spurt of hot, tasty cum explode from his cock. 

I kept stroking him and sucking his cockhead as he unleashed spurt after spurt into my mouth. This is what I loved the most, the feel of hot silky smooth cum gliding over my tongue before I swallow it and getting another spurt in return. He spurted a few more times before I pulled his cock from my mouth and began to lick the underside of his cock as a little bit more cum leaked out. I thoroughly kept licking and lightly sucking as I milked every bit of cum from his balls. When his cock began to deflate, he pulled back and leaned down and gave me a deep kiss. His tongue pushed into my mouth and I knew he could taste his own cum. I felt every bit the slut and loved it.

He broke the kiss and pulled me to my feet and we walked over to his bed. He gently pushed me down on the bed on my back and stepped between my legs and lay on top of me as we continued to kiss. He kissed my neck and throat. He kissed further down and spent several minutes sucking and gently biting each nipple which drove me crazy. He kissed his way down my stomach to the very hard cock that was sticking up from the top of my thong. I had leaked a large amount of pre-cum and he gently licked it from my cockhead and stomach. He teased me by not pulling my cock completely from my thong, but only licked my protruding cockhead.
