 I could hardly wait until my next meeting with Professor Steve scheduled for this weekend. We had agreed that I would go to his house late Friday evening for a night of fun and exploration. I had confided in him that I loved the slutty way I feel when sucking a cock or being fucked and he said that he would gladly assist in helping me become a true slut. He used a condom the first time we fucked and I promised to bring him a copy of my last blood test so he could properly breed me. I could hardly wait to feel his beautiful cock fill my ass with his cum!

I still had classes for Thursday and Friday to get through before I met with Steve again and sported an uncomfortable erection whenever I thought of the fun I was to have this weekend. During lunch in the cafeteria on Thursday, I ran into Anna, the girl I was "volunteered" to tutor for Professor Steve. I told her that I hadn't had a chance to call her yet but could tutor her most evenings when she was free. She told me that she had field hockey practice in the afternoons but could meet me tonight at the library. We agreed to meet in the library lobby at 7.

Classes ended for me at 3 on Thursday, so I went to the sports complex and swam for 90 minutes to keep in shape, showered and got dressed for dinner in the cafeteria. I ate with some friends from the swim team and we lingered over dinner until it was time to leave to meet Anna at the library. I walked over to the library and waited in the lobby until I saw her approaching. She was slim and fit due to her field hockey with shapely legs, tight stomach, nice perky breasts that were not large, but had a nice bounce as she walked. Her hair was light brown and fell below her shoulders in a ponytail. We said hello to each other and went up to the third floor to find an empty study room.

Anna has a cute face and beautiful green eyes which distracted me quite a bit as she explained that she failed her last test and was at a loss as to why she doesn't get the material. We started through the chapters of the last test and I did my best to explain the concepts as simply as I could. We made a lot of progress and before we knew it two hours had passed. We stopped studying and chatted a little as she gathered up her notes. She was a junior and attending college on a field hockey scholarship and was at risk of losing her scholarship. I promised to help her pass her tests through the end of the semester and we agreed to meet at the professor's office tomorrow during his office hours to ask if there was any extra credit available.

Friday's classes were normal enough and I met Anna in Professor Steve's office at the appointed time. Professor Steve acted as though I were a normal student, but I quickly grew hard thinking of me being on my knees in my thong with his cock in my mouth. I had to put my back pack on my lap to hide my erection. Anna explained that we had already met once to study and wanted to know if there were any extra credit opportunities to help get her grade back up. Steve told her he appreciated our taking the initiative and that he would provide her with a list of extra credit projects and that she could choose one project from the list and the grade on the project would replace her lowest test grade. Anna thanked Steve and stood to leave, but the Professor asked to speak to me privately for a minute. Anna said she would wait outside.

"Are you all set for tonight?" Steve asked me when Anna closed the door behind her.

"I can hardly wait, Professor!" I told him.

"I've been thinking of tonight the last two days." I handed him a copy of my physical with blood test showing him that I am completely clean and negative.

"Good." he replied, "Be at my house at 10 and I hope you are ready to be my personal slut."

I grinned at him and said "I'll be there and will be the best slut I can be."

He laughed "Good, see you tonight then David."

I left and met Anna outside where we walked towards the cafeteria together. I tried to keep my erection hidden behind my book bag, but saw Anna taking quick glances at my crotch. We decided to get some lunch together and sat at an empty table and began chatting about nothing in particular. Anna asked me a lot of questions, like where am I from, what dorm am I living in, girlfriends, people we knew in common, etc. I found out she had broken up with her boyfriend a couple of months ago and wasn't eager to get into another relationship yet. She told me she dated a few guys since her breakup but nothing serious. I could sense she was attracted to me so I playfully told her that if she studied hard, I would treat her to a movie. She laughed and the conversation became playful until it was time for me to head to my last class of the day. We agreed to meet at the library on Monday after her practice was over.

My last class was uneventful and I hurried back to my dorm to get ready for Steve. I took a long shower and completely shaved my balls, ass and entire groin area to be smooth for Steve. I ate a light dinner and studied for a bit until it was almost time to leave. I put on a tiny red thong that barely held my balls and wore a pair of shorts over them. I also wore a t-shirt and slipped on my usual flip-flops, grabbed my wallet and keys and left to get my car.

As I neared Steve's house, my cock stirred and began to get hard. I had to concentrate to keep below the speed limit. I arrived at Steve's and parked on the street and walked up to his door. I rang the bell and waited. Steve opened the door wearing a light, silk robe tied at the waist. 

"Come in David" he told me as he stepped back to let me in.

I walked in and turned around as he shut and locked the door. He stepped towards me and pulled me to him and gave me a hot, long kiss. As our tongues played with each other, my hands rubbed his back and I could tell he was naked under his robe. His hands were grasping by ass cheeks and pressing me into him and I responded by grinding into him.

He broke the kiss and stood back. "Are you wearing something slutty for me under those clothes?" he asked me with a smile.

"Yes, Steve." I answered. "I'm wearing the smallest thong I own."

"Well lets see what you look like then!" He said.

I pulled my shirt off, stepped out of my flip-flops, and unbuttoned my shorts and stepped out of them. My cock was straining in my tiny thong as I stood in front of him.

"Very nice David." Steve told me. "Walk to the bedroom, I want to watch your sexy ass."

He followed me as I walked to his bedroom. I could feel his eyes on my ass and I tried to give him a good show, but was not sure how to walk in a sexy way. When I entered his bedroom, I walked around his bed to a point mid-way between his bed and the large mirror that covered both his closet doors. Steve came up behind me and pressed his body against my back. He kissed the back of my neck and his hands played with my nipples as I pressed my ass back against his growing erection.

"I have something for you, David." Steve told me. "Take off your thong and bend over first and let me see my hole."

I liked the way he called my ass his hole. I stepped out my thongs and bent over and grabbed my ankles and felt Steve use both hands to spread my ass cheeks. I felt him trace along my ass crack and over my hole. He used his fingers to rub my hole and gently press his thumb against my hole. I moaned a little at how good it felt and he kept pressing his fingers against my hole and then rubbed it again. I look over my shoulder at him as he licked his index finger and got it really wet and then pressed it into my ass to his first knuckle. I arched my back at the intrusion and moaned out loud it felt so good. 

Steve pressed his finger deeper into my ass and began to finger fuck my eager ass. He fingered me about 5 or 6 good thrusts before pulling his finger out and walked over to his nightstand. He opened the top drawer and pulled out a tube of lubricant and a butt plug before walking back over to my exposed ass. He poured some lube over his fingers and then inserted one finger deep into my ass. He fingered me several times and then pulled his finger out and smeared more lube around my hole. He then inserted two fingers and I moaned loudly at how good it felt. He used his fingers in a twisting motion to widen my ass and smear lube into me, making it easier for his fingers to slide in and out.

After a few minutes of him fingering my ass, he withdrew his fingers and I watched him lube the butt plug. He pressed it against my hole and then gently forced it into me until the thicker part slipped completely into my ass. It felt amazing to be so filled and stretched. He then pulled it out and pressed it back in several times eventually leaving it in my stretched ass.

Steve then walked around and stood before me and I could see his cock was about half hard and pushing his robe outwards. He parted his robe and his beautiful cock with it's nice purplish mushroom head was directly in front of me. He grabbed his shaft and pumped it a few times, and pointed his cock head towards the ceiling. He slid his hand up to lift his cock by it's head, presenting me with the underside of his shaft. I leaned slightly forward and licked the underside of his shaft. I licked him from right where his balls started up to where his fingers held his cock head. I reached up and held his cock up with my hand and kept licking his shaft from his balls to his head. I held his cock to one side and licked the side of his shaft then the other.

I leaned down a little further and licked his ball sack. I pushed my mouth further into his groin and sucked one of his balls into my mouth and gently kneaded it with my tongue. Steve moaned and I took this as a sign that he was enjoying my efforts, so I switched to his other ball and gave it the same treatment. I lightly stroked his shaft while I gave his balls a nice tongue bath then licked back up the underside of his shaft to his cock head. I was rewarded with a nice drop of pre-cum and savored his taste as I swirled my tongue over his cock head. 

Steve then placed both hands on the sides of my head and began to slowly push his cock deeper into my mouth. He started to gently face fuck me so I opened my mouth as wide as I could to allow him to use my mouth. He held my head firmly and kept slowly thrusting in then out at a steady pace. He pulled his cock out of my mouth and presented the underside of his shaft to me and I licked it from his balls to the tip then turned my head at an angle so I could use both lips on his shaft. He held my head as he thrust his cock back and forth while a slurped on his shaft.

"You like Daddy's cock?" he asked.

"Yes Daddy" I answered.

"Thats a good slut" Steve said. "Show Daddy how much you love cock."

I immediately took him into my mouth again and began to bob up and down on his cock. I tried to take him as deep as I could but kept choking when his cock head hit the back of my throat. 

"Does slut want to take my cock deeper?" Steve asked me.

I could only nod my head and utter a muffled "Mmmm hmmm".

He pulled his cock out and told me to stand up and to come over to the bed. He had me get on the bed on my back with my head hanging over the edge of the bed. Steve stood over me with his legs on both sides of my head and placed his balls directly on my face. I quickly opened my mouth and began to lick and suck on his sac. I could lick from just behind his balls to the beginning of his shaft and kept licking all over his sac for several minutes. Eventually, Steve pulled back and presented his cock head to my lips and I opened up so he could place just the head into my hungry mouth. He slowly started to press in and only went in an inch or so before pulling back.

He kept doing this while slowly pressing forward and going a little further each time. Eventually he reached the point where I began to choke. He would pull back again then press in until he knew just how far he could go until i began to choke and would pull back again. All of a sudden he pressed in forcefully and went directly into my throat. He held it there for a few seconds then quickly withdrew his cock all the way out. His cock was covered in a heavy coat of saliva that dripped on my cheek. I quickly swallowed the spit in my mouth as Steve pressed his cock back to my lips. I opened up and he steadily thrust all the way in again until his balls were pressed against my nose. He held his cock in a little longer than the first time before pulling out again. 

We quickly got into synch as he continued training me to deep throat. He would hold his cock in longer each time until it got to the point that i could keep him there for about 20 to 30 seconds before starting to gag. 

Eventually, I was able to control my gag as he slowly throated me, but could not last long with him fully inserted before I would start to gag. We did this slowly for about 15 to 20 minutes and my face was dripping from my tears and from my saliva dripping off his cock. I was in complete heaven, with my ass being almost numb from the stretching butt plug to Steve's cock invading my mouth repeatedly.

Once Steve decided I had received enough deep throat training, he leaned forward placing both hands on my chest and began to throat fuck me. He started out slowly and would press in deep then out and immediately press in again while I greedily sucked, he began to speed up and vary the depth of his thrusts and I was forced to take his cock however deep he wanted to go. Sometimes he would bury his cock deep with his balls slapping me in the nose and only pull back an inch or two before plowing forward again. I had to gasp for air when he withdrew because he would quickly thrust forward again.

He pulled all the way out. "You want Daddy's cum slut?" he asked.

"Please, yes! I want Daddy's cum!" I practically begged.

He continued his assault for another minute or so and quickly pulled out and shot a big wad of cum onto my nose and cheek and quickly pressed just his cock head back into my mouth as he shot another wad of hot delicious cum into my mouth. I quickly swallowed as he continued to shoot another wad. He began to push in and out as he continued to shoot another few wads into my mouth. I kept swallowing and sucking, using my tongue to massage his cock head as he finished his orgasm. He kept thrusting slowly as his orgasm subsided and he began to go limp and I continued to suck and lick his cock to get every drop of cum. 

He pulled out and reached down and wiped some of the cum from my cheek onto his finger and offered it to my lips and I readily opened and sucked his cum from his fingers.

"Good slut" Steve said as he grinned at me. "Leave the cum on your face and get on your hands and knees".

I did as instructed and Steve got behind me and pressed the butt plug in a few times, then slowly began to pull it out. I was amazed at how empty I felt when it finally plopped out. Steve reached up and wiped more cum from my face and rubbed it over my hole and gently pressed two fingers slick with his cum into my hole. I was instantly hard again and began to leak pre-cum like crazy as Steve used his fingers to probe my loosened hole. He used his fingers in my hole and explored it at his leisure, twisting and turning his fingers in every direction. After a few minutes, Steve picked up the plug again and applied more lube to it and placed it against my opening. He pushed in quickly then pulled it out slowly and repeated it several times before leaving it in.

Steve then pushed me over onto my back and straddled my chest. He leaned in and we kissed slowly. It was very tender and gentle as our tongues pressed against each other and explored each other's mouths. He then scooted up until he was sitting on my chest and laid his soft cock on my face and told me to lick his balls. I quickly began to suck and lick his shaven ball sac. I would suck part of his sac into my mouth and then tongue it before moving to another part of his sac. I expected him to feed me his cock again but instead he moved further up and squatted over my face with his big balls directly over my mouth. I opened up and sucked a ball into my mouth and began to rub it with my tongue. After a minute or so he pulled it out and presented his other ball and I sucked and tongued that one. 

He then pulled his ball out and moved up a little and I knew he wanted me to tongue his ass. I slowly circled his rosebud with my tongue a few times and then licked over his hole. Steve used both hands to spread his cheeks and squatted lower and I began to tongue his hot hole. I would press my tongue hard at his opening and lick up and down over his hole. He then sat directly on my mouth so I could tongue fuck his ass with his balls on my nose. He would lean up so I could breathe then sit back on my tongue as I eagerly tongued him. I could see his cock beginning to harden again every time he sat up. After a few more minutes of tonguing his bud, he stood up and told me to get on the bed.

I jumped on the bed and laid on my back. Steve pulled me over to the edge of the bed so my ass was hanging over the edge. He pushed my legs up and pressed on the butt plug a few times and then slowly pulled it from my ass. He placed it on the nightstand and grabbed his bottle of lube and squirted a dollop onto my ass and began to rub it around my hole. He used his fingers to probe and coat my hole with lube and using two fingers, began to finger fuck me.

"What do you want?" Steve demanded.

"I want Daddy's cock to fuck me!" I panted.

"Oh, I'm going to fuck you slut." He said. "I'm going to breed your tight slutty ass and make you my personal cum whore."

"Yes! Daddy please fuck me!" I cried.

I pulled my legs up to my chest, opening my ass to him as he stroked some lube over his swelling cock. He pressed his cock against my ass and began to rub up and down in my crack and over my hole. He then pressed his cock head against my opening and began to slowly press in. Once his cock head was in, he grabbed both my legs and forced them back as he began to press deeper. I felt my ass stretching to receive him and it didn't hurt so much since I had the butt plug in earlier. After a minute he pressed in even more and I felt him push past my sphincter and enter me fully. He stopped for minute to let my ass get used to his girth and then slowly pressed deeper until I felt his balls on my balls. He stayed there for a few seconds and then pulled all the way out.

He slapped my ass with his cock a few times then slowly forced himself all the way back in in one slow continuous motion. It felt so good as he went all the way in and then out again. Steve did this probably eight to ten times, all the way out then all the way in again. The pleasure was incredible and my cock was so hard. I reached up to stroke myself, but Steve slapped my hand away. 

When he pulled out again, he told me to get on my hands and knees, so I flipped over and got onto the middle of the bed. Steve knelt behind me and I felt his cock head between my ass cheeks. His cock slid inside and he grasped my on both hips and began to fuck me in a steady rhythm. I began to match his thrusts and would push back as he thrust in to feel his balls smacking into my ass. The feeling was awesome as his big hard cock drove inside me with each thrust. He altered his pace and would pound into me quickly a few times then slowly build back to a quicker pace. We were both breathing heavy by now and Steve pulled out and forced me onto my back. He forced my legs back with his arms behind my knees, making my ass rise and be completely exposed to him. He rammed his cock deep inside me and began to really pound into my ass with force. His arms where supporting his torso, trapping my legs back and he was on his toes like in a push up position with his cock deep inside me. 
