 This is my first gay story. It's been very interesting to write, and I was amazed how easy it actually went. I'm curious how you'll find it, and your feedback and vote is greatly appreciated.

Everyone fancied Mark. He was one of those guy that had it all going for him; the looks, charm, money and, of course, the women. He even had those deep dimples that women seem to love so much. In short, he was blessed and he knew it. 

All the blokes in the office envied him. I was one of them. It wasn't the silver Lexus he drove, nor was it the dimples. What I envied about Mark was the way he interacted with people. He was smooth. Somehow he always seemed to know exactly what to say, how to crack a joke that wouldn't offend anyone, and how to make presentations that had big brands sign their lucrative advertising contracts to our London firm. God, I wanted to be him. 

Naturally his looks, charm and success attracted the majority of women in the office. It didn't matter if they were attached or not. They all seemed to have a thing for him. I remember hearing a story about how he got it on with one of the hot accounts manager during a New Year's party. Apparently she had lured him into a room for a tête a tête, and in the throws of passion she had forgotten to close the door. A few curious people went to look, and found Mark happily banging away between the woman's stocking clad legs. According to eyewitnesses, she was screaming and moaning loudly, begging him to go faster, and naturally Mark obliged. They both came loudly at the stroke of midnight. 

Since that day we - his male colleagues - had silently both envied and admired Mark. I myself wouldn't have minded some of his charm. He was outgoing. I was shy. He had that Lexus of his. I drove a Volvo. Nothing against Volvo's but they don't exactly spell out "Hey, babes! Come and get me!" In the looks department I wasn't too bad off; dark blonde hair cropped in a George Clooney haircut. Didn't make me look nearly as good though. No dimples either. What I did have was piercing blue eyes. People always told me they were my best feature along with my body. Ok, so my muscles were probably half the size of Mark's, but who says size is everything? 

I enjoyed working out. A run in the park usually acted as a sort of meditation for me. I'd run and listen to the music in my portable CD player. When I ran I was in my own little world. It was nice and we all need that type of solitude now and then. When it came to the gym, to be honest I wasn't that into it. I preferred outdoors exercising; still, I came to the gym about three times a week. Never being a big fan of bulging muscles, I preferred them to be well defined, I mainly stuck to the cardio stuff. 

Now, the cool thing about the gym was that it was within the same building as the firm. Actually, the firm, as part of their health scheme, paid the membership fee. The fact that you only had to go down to the third floor for a lunchtime workout was great. The downside was that you had no excuse not to go to the gym. After a rough day at work, when you'd rather be in front of the TV with a beer in hand instead of running the treadmill, the old "It's too far away, I'll do it next week" excuse just didn't cut it. 

#

It had been a long day and I needed to get my thoughts sorted out. I had a big presentation due tomorrow and needed to have an early night. A bit of sweating and calorie burning would help me clear my head and sleep well. On my way to the gym I bumped into Mark.

"Hi Eric," he said and smiled. "On your way to the gym?"

"Yeah, figured it'll help me get focused for tomorrow's presentation."

"Oh yes, I think you mentioned that presentation. Well, I wish you luck and I'm sure a good workout will do you good." He held the door open for me and we walked into the changing room. 

"It'll be nice with a bit of company," he said while stuffing his briefcase into a locker. "I haven't seen any of the other guys at our department in the gym for a while, will be nice to have someone to chat to."

I looked over at him bending over to re-tie his shoelaces. He was wearing blue boxer shorts but hadn't put on his shirt yet. I couldn't help but notice his broad chest and six pack stomach. Great, not only did he have a good face, he was in perfect shape too. I glanced at him pulling down a white T-shirt and saw the fabric fall over his well-defined pecs. 

As we got out of the changing rooms a tall bloke approached us. He was wearing a T-shirt with the gym logo. I assumed he was an employee. 

"Hi, Mark!" he said, and extended his hand towards Mark. Mark took it and grinned at him.

"Hello Steve, how you doin'? Picked up any girls yet?" 

"Nah, not yet but it's another hour to go before we close," Steve chuckled and nodded in the direction of two cute brunettes. Mark followed his gaze and grinned approvingly. 

"Nice, go for it!"

"Hey, I need you to do me a favour," Steve said suddenly.

"Sure, what is it?"

"I need you to close the gym tonight. I have to catch the train and pick something up for my mom. Can you do it?"

"Sure," Mark replied. "What do I need to do?"

"Oh, just see to it that the door is locked. It's one of those automatic doors; you just push down that little latch and close the door. Then check to see that it's really closed. You should hear a click."

"Ok, no problem. I can do that."

"Great! I owe you one." And with that, Steve left us. 

The workout wasn't too bad. I didn't feel like doing weights, so I spent most of the time on the treadmill. Mark did the same and seemed absorbed in a music video running on the TV screen in front of him. I kinda liked that the gym had those small TV's hanging from the ceiling. I always watched the music videos while running; they made me forget I was actually doing exercise. 

While Mark was obviously drooling over a Shakira video I took another look at him. He was running in a steady tempo, his muscular arms swinging to and fro. I could see the sweat running off his body. His normally well-combed brown tresses were all tousled up and his chest was heaving. His legs were muscular, not like a football player's, but definitely muscular. 

"No wonder women love him," I said to myself. 

"Did you say something?" Mark looked at me. I hadn't realised I had spoken out loud.

"Eh, no, nothing. Just talking to myself," I blushed. Mark just smiled and went back to watching the TV I went back to concentrating on my running, but soon my thoughts started to drift again. 

"He's charming, not stuck up, smart and good looking. No wonder women love him. How could I compete with that?" Glancing sideways I saw Mark run a hand through his hair. His eyes were dark brown and friendly. Even when he wasn't smiling I could see his dimples. Yes, Mark certainly had something special about him.

"Heck, if I hadn't been straight I'd probably be begging for his attention!" I thought to myself and couldn't help shooting of another glance in his direction. 

#

The gym's closing time was almost upon us. There remained only Mark, myself, and some girls. Steve had reminded Mark to lock up before he left. I desperately needed a shower and my mind had been successfully cleared of any thoughts relating to work. Mark seemed to be more energized, but at the same time calmer. We headed for the changing room. 

"That was a good run," Mark said, while unlacing his shoes. "A shower is just what I need now!"

"Yeah, a nice cold shower will suit me just fine now," I agreed. "Then back home and straight into bed."

I reached for my towel before getting out of my Nike shorts. Mark on the other hand, didn't seem to care much for covering up. Watching him pull down his shorts and briefs in one swift motion, before standing naked before me, made my stomach do a small back flip. It wasn't that I had never seen a naked man before, heck, after playing various team sports when growing up, how could I not have? I had seen my fair share of male genitals, and like most guys I'd sneak a peek out of curiosity. C'mon admit it. Girls do it too: "Is her breasts bigger/nicer shaped than mine?" 

Anyway, the type of feeling I had while watching Mark's broad shoulders and tight arse was totally new to me. It felt strangely like lust, similar to when watching some cute girl stroll down the beach in a bikini, but the feeling wasn't as strong. Oh well, I was sure in my sexuality. Just because I felt a small twinge of lust towards a naked man didn't mean I was gay. I knew how to appreciate both the female and male body, and Mark certainly had a nice one. I would have been deceiving myself if I hadn't admitted that. 

The shower room was one of those blue tiled ones where the showers were in a line, only sealed off by partition walls to form small stalls. I walked into a stall and turned on the water. 

I could feel the lukewarm water running down my body. While working the shampoo up to lather, I was wondering what Mark was up to. He was being awfully quiet. Thinking of it he hadn't said a word since going into the shower. 

"Hey Mark," I shouted over the sound of the running water, "Are you ok, mate? You're being awfully quiet." 

"Yeah, I'm fine." Mark answered. His voice sounded different somehow, but I couldn't pin point what it was. 

"Good, I was starting to wonder if you had fallen asleep in the stall or something," I joked. The shampoo bubbles were all over my head by now and starting to drip into my eyes. 

"So, why are you being so quiet?" I asked while positioning my face underneath the stream of water. Damn, shampoo, I couldn't see anything.

"Oh, I was just thinking about something." Mark's voice seemed a bit distant. 

"Oh yeah? What were you thinking about?"

"You," came Mark's voice from behind me. I spun around to face him, but couldn't see much as the bloody shampoo kept running into my eyes. 

"Eh, Mark," I mumbled. "I couldn't really hear what you were saying. Wait until I'm done showering and we can talk." I turned my back to him and started to rinse the shampoo out of my eyes and hair. Suddenly I could feel a presence right behind me. I froze in my tracks. 

Mark's hand touched my hip lightly. I was too surprised to react. Noticing my lack of resistance, he let it glide down my front and towards my groin. Before I knew it I could feel his hand enveloping my already semi-hard dick. When feeling his warm hand around my equipment I let out an involuntary gasp. His hand started to gently massage me, squeezing me in a rhythmic fashion. Bringing me to life. I could feel my body responding, and my dick was growing with record speed. I still hadn't dared to move. A part of me was afraid he would stop if I did. 

"Are you ok with this?" came Mark's voice by my ear. I was more than fine with it. I wanted him to continue. My body needed him to continue. 

"Yeah," I replied hoarsely. "I'm...I'm fine with it." I could feel his ragged breath on my neck. Then his lips grazed the sensitive skin behind my ear. He was tracing the tip of his tongue along my neck, and I could do nothing but give in to him. I let my head tip to the side, displaying the delicate curves of my neck for his explorations. 

My shoulders relaxed and the rest of my body followed. My breath was hoarse and pounding with anticipation. When the kiss came I was prepared for it. It was a rough kiss. Hungry lips, a feeling as if breath was being drawn and given back, all while Mark's hand was working my hot cock. 

"Oh God, yes," I could hear myself moan. 

"Yes," Mark whispered. "Give in. Don't hold anything back." He continued to work my now rock hard dick. His hand felt so different from a woman's. It was bigger and the skin was coarser. Also, the way the motions were administered was different from a woman's. He wasn't as gentle. It was all ...rougher. He knew the pressure to give and kept a good tempo whilst stroking. 

"Fuck, you're good at this," I murmured.

"When I'm good, I'm good," Mark grinned. "But, when I'm bad, I'm even better."

Before I knew it he had spun me around. We were now facing each other, and I could see his erect cock. Never before in my life had I seen a dick as beautiful, but there just wasn't any other word for it. He was circumcised like me, so to my joy, I could see him in all his glory. My mouth went dry while taking in the sight of him. 

"Like what you see?"

"Hell yeah." My heart was pounding.

Mark moved closer to me. 

"Don't be scared, I won't hurt you."

"I know you won't, but I can't help myself," I chuckled nervously. 

"Just relax." He was standing right before me. Water drops were scattered all over his torso. There was a longing in his eyes never seen before. He reached out his hand and gently touched my face. Trailing the jaw line, he never let go of my gaze. Suddenly I could feel his hands on my hot cock again. 

"Relax." Marks fingers trailed down my torso before kneeling before me. Taking my rigid cock into his mouth, I could feel the warmth and wetness from it. It was exquisite. 

Mark started to work his mouth all over my dick. His tongue kept making patterns along the shaft and I could feel the wetness of the saliva. With his left hand he jerked me off at the same time. The combination was perfect. 

"That's it. Keep it up," I groaned. 

I could hear Mark make a humming sound and the vibrations caught me off guard. Fuck, it felt good!

Mark stopped his administrations and looked up at me. "You've got a great cock. I can't believe I finally got you to myself."

"I can't believe we're doing this at all."

"You're not regretting it already, are you?"

I looked down at Mark kneeling on the tile floor. Just the sight of him on his hands and knees, massaging my balls, and mouth only inches from my dripping cock made me want to blow my load. 

"No," I assured him. "I'm not regretting anything."

"Good, because I'm not done with you." He went back to sucking me. After a while of wonderful oral administrations, Mark held my dick up against my stomach. Feeling him trail his tongue along my balls made me feel as if lightning had struck. The feelings I experienced when he gently took a ball each into his mouth were too complex to describe. I just knew I was in heaven!

After what felt like hours of intense sucking and licking, I couldn't hold myself any longer. 

"Oh God, I think I'm gonna cum soon." My legs felt like they were about to cave in when that familiar tingle started. I had to lean back against the wall for support, and when the explosion started my body seemed to get a life of its own.

"Oh fuck! Fuck! Mark, don't stop. Keep sucking!" My hips involuntarily thrust against Mark's mouth and deeper down his throat. I hoped I wasn't choking him, but it all just felt too fucking good.

Mark eagerly sucked my now violently twitching cock. With a tight grip on my buttocks, I could feel him urging me forward. He was deep-throating me big time, and my mind went blank at the sensations. It seemed as if every one of my nerves were rushing through the rest of my body, only to collect in my neither region. I could feel my whole body tensing up. And then I came. 

"Aaaah!" Mark started to suck harder and I could feel him swallow. The thought of him swallowing my sperm was too much, and I felt another spurt. He swallowed that one too. Coming into Mark's mouth was one of the most wonderful experiences I've ever had. Sure, I've cum in the mouths of women before, but with Mark it was extra special. 

"Are you all right?" Mark asked. He was standing up under the showerhead. The water was cascading down his glistening body. 

"Yeah, I'm fine," I managed to croak.

"You sure?"

"Yeah, I just need to catch my breath." 

Mark smiled. "You taste great, did you know that?" 

"Thanks. You're a great cock sucker." 

Mark laughed. "Perhaps it's true then."

"Perhaps what is true?"

"That only another man knows how to give a proper blowjob."

#

We were standing by the road outside the company building. After the shower incident, I had been worried we would feel awkward toward each other, very awkward! Mark had been great though, talking and joking as usual. With his usual charm he had made me feel more at ease, but there was still some apprehension from my side. 

"It's late, want to share a taxi?" Mark asked. I looked at him and wasn't sure what to answer. If I said yes he might take that as an invitation to something more, and if I said no he might take it as an insult. 

"I'd like you to come home with me," he said. "But if you want to I'll just tell the cab to let you off at your place."

I thought it over. He was right, the driver could just drop me off and I wouldn't offend Mark by not getting into the taxi with him. 

"Sounds good to me," I said. Mark ran out into the street and managed to hail a black cab. Holding the door open for me, he let me go in first. 

"High Street Kensington and then Hammersmith," he told the driver. 

For a long time we just sat in the spacious back of the cab and said nothing to each other. Then Mark turned to me. 

"Talk to me. I don't want things to be awkward."

I avoided looking at him. "What do you want me to say?" 

"That you don't regret what happened." Mark's voice sounded worried. 

"I don't regret it," I said facing him again. "I'm just not sure how to act now that it's over."

"Who said it has to be over?" I met Mark's eyes. 

"Listen Mark, I'm straight. I don't know how this happened, and I certainly don't regret it, but if you're after a relationship or something..." My voice drifted. "I'm sorry, but I don't think I can give you that."

"I'm not after a relationship," Mark said. This time it was his turn to avert his eyes. "I've always considered myself straight too, but...well, I guess I've always been bi-curious."

There was a pause. 

"Nothing wrong with that," I said and looked out through the window. 

"Look, I don't know how I got up the courage to do what I did today, but I know for sure I don't regret it." His voice was getting agitated. 

"Mark, I've told you I don't regret..."

"I want more," he said. I looked at him. His face seemed determined, but there was also a flicker of insecurity in his eyes.

"What do you mean, you want more?" I asked. 

"I mean I want more. Not a relationship, but I want more. Tonight." Mark nervously ran his hand through his hair. 

"I'm not sure I'm following you Mark..." The cab driver's voice interrupted us. 

"High Street Ken, where shall I let you off, Sir?" the driver asked. 

"16 St Albans Grove," Mark replied. The car drove down a narrow street and stopped outside a white house. 

"That'll be 15 pounds," the driver said. Mark handed him a twenty. 

"Mark! You can't just leave without finishing our talk!" I grabbed his arm. 

Mark was standing by the car and looked me straight in the eyes. "I want you Eric."

"I told you,, I couldn't have a relation..." Mark shook his head. 

"I'm not talking about a relationship Eric. I'm talking about tonight."

"You mean, you want to be with me only for tonight?" I wasn't sure I had heard correctly. 

"Yes, I want you tonight, and tonight only."

"Mark, I..."

"For God's sake Eric! How much clearer do I have to put it?" My face expression must have told him to put it in layman's terms. 

"Neither of us want anything to go beyond tonight, but at the same time we can't deny what happened. I want us to get it out of our systems. Just one night, that's all. Then everything can go back to normal."

I quietly contemplated what he had said. He was right, the incident in the shower had gotten us both horny, and it was all new and exciting. Not to mention it had an element of taboo that made me feel strangely aroused.

"Just one night? And then everything goes back to normal?"

"Yes. One night. We kiss, touch, suck and fuck. Call it a one-night stand. We get it out of our system... It's your choice."
