 It was 1978. I was about to graduate from High School and was touring local Universities, trying to decide where to go in the fall. My friend Mitch and I decided to take a road trip to Washington State University, where we both had been accepted, a drive of about 6 hours from Seattle. WSU is in Pullman, WA and is really out in the middle of nowhere. I was apprehensive, being used to always being near the water for boating, fishing etc. There isn't any water near Pullman, but we decided to try and locate some Frat houses and make it a party weekend. The drive over was uneventful, we spent the time smoking pot and listening to music on my 8-track stereo.

At the time smoking weed took precedent over girls in my life. I was reasonably good looking, 5' 11", brown hair, fit but not athletic, but most of the girls I knew in High School were stuck-up rich kids and didn't want anything to do with me. I had dated a couple of girls and gotten to second base, but that was the extent of my sex life. Mitch and I hoped we'd "score" with some college girls at WSU.

We arrived on campus early Friday evening and quickly located fraternity row. A couple of houses appeared to be hosting parties, so we found parking and walked up to one of the houses. Even at the relatively early hour of 8:00pm the house was rocking. Plenty of beer and gorgeous chicks. I gave Mitch a spare car key and we split up, agreeing to meet back at the car "whenever". The last I saw of Mitch was an hour or so later when I spotted him making out on a couch with a cute little blonde co-ed. 

I wandered around the party, smoked some weed, drank some beer and was getting pretty buzzed. After seeing Mitch with the girl I decided to take a walk and see what else was going on. I wandered up the street until I found a relatively quiet house with the door open. It was clearly a fraternity based on the Greek letters above the door. I walked up to the door and peered inside. There was a keg, of course, and a few guys sitting around the living room. One guy spotted me and jumped up to greet me. "Hi! I'm Jim, welcome!" I introduced myself as "Kevin" and told Jim that I was checking out the campus and was thinking of pledging a fraternity in the fall. Jim introduced a few guys and then offered to show me around the house. As we walked, Jim put his arm around my shoulder, guiding me through the rooms. Nothing really to see, just more guys hanging out. I was about to make some excuse to leave when he offered me a joint. Being the stoner that I was, I eagerly lit up. Wow, good shit!

My head was swimming and I was looking for a place to sit for a while when Jim said I should see the basement. Jim steered me toward an old wooden staircase in the back of the kitchen and down we went. I was quite high by this point and could barely navigate the steps. Reaching the bottom I turned and saw a large plywood box in the middle of the room. It was about 5 feet long by 5 Feet wide and about 5 feet high. Surrounding the box were couches and plush chairs and quite a few guys. Some were smoking, some were drinking and some were making out. At first I thought they were making out with girls, but after a minute or so I thought "Whoa! those are guys."

Jim put his arm around me again and asked,

"Ever sucked cock Kevin?" 

I stammered, "Um, no I never even thought about it." Which was true. 

This was the 1970's. The extent of my exposure to porn was an occasional Penthouse magazine. It had never even entered my mind. 

Jim said, "You know, all our pledges go through an initiation of sorts. You could do it tonight and then if you decide you want to join us in the fall you would be ahead of the game." 

"What kind of initiation?" I asked.

"Well, we put you in the box and you suck cock. That's it, really. Oh, and we also blow smoke into the box, so you'll get REALLY high!"

I didn't know what to say. I WAS really horny, and the idea was kinda growing on me. I looked over at one of the couches and saw one guy sucking on another guy's balls and jerking him off. Across the room a guy was standing up against a wall while a guy on his knees was slowly blowing him. The guy on his knees stopped and looked over at me and with a huge grin winked at me and went back to sucking.

Jim said, "What do you think Kevin? Want to give it a try?"

"I don't know man, I wouldn't even know what to do!"

"Tell you what, watch Billy and Aaron for a few minutes and you'll know what to do. Pretty much all you have to do is what you think would feel good to you. Just try to keep your teeth away."

I looked back at the boy on his knees and watched him. He licked Billy's shaft up and down and would put it in his mouth. He used his tongue a lot, and I noticed he was salivating all over it. I was starting to get really turned on and my dick was getting hard. I tried adjusting my hard-on through my jeans. Jim noticed and smiled at me.

"So? Are you ready?"

"I guess so" I muttered. Jim led me over to the box and opened up one end. Inside the floor was cushioned like a gym matt and there was a small cushioned chair at the other end with a side table that had a lamp and some other things on it that I paid no attention to. As I crawled in, I noticed a few holes had been drilled in the sides of the box. I'd never heard of Glory Holes, but I quickly got the idea. As Jim closed the box a cock came through one of the openings. At the other end of the box, through a smaller hole, marijuana smoke was being blown in.

I took off my shirt and pants, freeing my own dick and sat cross-legged on the floor in just my underwear staring at the cock. It was about 6 inches long, but only semi-hard. My heart was beating like a drum in my chest and I was sweating. I slowly reached up and touched the head. It twitched and I laughed out loud, pulling my hand away. I heard other laughter outside the box. That eased my mind a little and I reached back and started stroking it. It was so warm! As I stroked it, it started getting harder. Soon a little pre-cum appeared at the tip. 

Mustering some courage, I held the cock still and reached over and licked the tip. It was salty but not unpleasant at all. Scooting closer, I got up on my knees and started licking the shaft. It was getting hard now and I was getting really turned on. Once it was wet, I tried taking it into my mouth. The feeling was amazing! I closed my eyes and moved my head, mouth-fucking his cock. Before long I could hear moaning from outside the box and occasionally some encouragement, like "Oh, yeah, don't suck quite so hard, nice and easy," and "careful with the teeth, open your mouth some more."

Smoke was filling the room and I was getting higher as I was getting into it. I decided I really wanted to taste his cum, so I stroked his cock as I licked the head. I could tell he was getting close and pretty soon he shoved it hard into my mouth and started cumming. I had my tongue against the tip and Pow! The cum exploded into my mouth! It swirled around, filling my mouth and I tried to swallow but started choking. I pulled his cock out and it squirted a shot right onto my forehead. Cum was dripping out of my mouth and down my face and I started laughing again. Never in my life had I ever envisioned this happening to me. This was totally new and FUN!

I sat back and tried to recover, wiping the cum from my face, I licked my fingers clean. It was good! Salty and bitter, but I liked it. Looking up, there were now three cocks poking through three holes in a row in front of me. Snickering to myself, I got up on my knees again. I reached over and took a cock in each hand. One was similar to the first, maybe a little thicker. The other one, on my right, was uncut and maybe 8 inches long. Both were already hard. As I stroked the two in my hands I inspected the one in front of my face. It was longer than the other two but very thin. I immediately gobbled it up. I slobbered all over it and tried to take as much of it as I could in my mouth. Deciding that I was going to swallow the fucker, I gagged a little, but kept trying. 

All three cocks were very hard now. Taking a break from the middle one, I moved over and took the large 8 inch cock into my mouth. I sucked that one for a while, then went over to the one on my far left. My own dick was hard as a rock and I was thinking of jerking off, but I didn't have any hands left! Back and forth I sucked the three disembodied cocks. I was in heaven. My jaw ached, but I didn't care. Without warning the big 8-incher suddenly started shooting into my mouth. I wasn't ready and lost some, but managed to swallow most of it. 

Moaning, I jumped over to the other two and alternated sucking and stroking them. Some of the cum from the second cock was still in my mouth and it was helping to lubricate the other two. This was also an extreme turn on. Cum from one cock was all over two other cocks and I was licking it all up.

Deciding to give my jaw a rest I started stroking the two cocks and I yelled out, "I want you fuckers to cum on me at the same time!" Cheers rang out from behind the wall. After a few more seconds I heard, "Get ready!" and tried to aim both cocks at my face. Just then both dicks erupted. The one on my left hit me square in the face, covering my nose and getting in my eyes, the one on my right hit me in the neck and chest. After the first shot or two I licked them both, taking the rest of the cum in my mouth and savoring it as I swallowed.

Sitting back down again I Leaned against the back wall. My knees and Jaw ached and I was covered in cum, but I had the biggest smile on my face!

"Hey Sport!," I heard Jim's voice through one of the holes, "take a look on the table. That's a butt plug. Lube it up and shove it up your ass just in case you decide you want to get fucked later. It will get our asshole ready for my cock."

My first thought was "Wha...!!" But then I thought, "Shit, why not."

I took the butt-plug off the table and looked for some lube. Not finding any, I smeared it across my chest, covering it with cum. I took off my underwear and got on all fours. I got some cum on my fingers and was trying to lube up my ass when I heard, "Hey, let me do that for you." I looked up and a couple of fingers were coming through one of the holes in the box. I stood up and bent over positioning my ass to the hole. Slowly, I felt a finger poking at my little hole. Damn, it felt good! I squirmed around and pushed, letting him in a little at a time. After a few minutes he was finger fucking my ass and I was moaning again. 

A voice said, "Give me the plug." 

I got the butt-plug covered again in cum and placed it at the entrance to my ass. A hand came through and slowly pushed it into me. Yow! It was stretching me! It hurt but finally it went all the way in and my sphincter closed around the base holding it in place. I felt filled up and really horny now.

Turning around I knelt in front of the holes again and waited. Smoke was still coming in through the hole at the door and it was getting very hot in the box now. I was sweating like a pig, my asshole was twitching and all I could think of was sucking cock. Just then a nice looking dick came through the hole. It had a big head and lots of purplish veins. He pushed it all the way into the hole and then he shoved his balls through as well. 

"Lick my balls" I heard and obeyed. Lightly stroking his penis with my left hand I bent down and started licking his nuts. They were hairy and sweaty and salty and I fucking loved it! Carefully I took one into my mouth and swirled my tongue over it, sucking lightly. I let it pop out of my mouth and then took the other one in. Next I licked from the base of his scrotum up between his balls and up his shaft, nibbling on his cock-head and tasting his pre-cum.

"Keep your head against the wall, I'm gonna fuck your mouth" he said. I pressed my mouth up to the hole, my nose against the wall and he pushed into my mouth. Over and over again he shoved through the hole. Saliva was drooling down my chin and he kept fucking my face for what felt like an hour. Finally he gave a loud groan and came in my mouth. I swallowed, taking a lot of cum right down my throat. The rest I let fill my mouth and I held it there, tasting it before swallowing. Lightly and lovingly I licked his cock and balls clean enjoying the feeling and sight of it shrinking in size.

The next hour or so are a blur. Cock after cock came through the holes in the wall and I sucked them all. Cum covered my face and chest. It was in my hair and eyes. I started using the cum as a lubricant, stoking my own cock but I didn't want to cum myself just yet. In the back of my mind I was working up the courage to take a dick up the ass.

"Jim?" I whispered, "are you there?"

"Yes, Kevin, I'm here"

"I'm ready. I want to get fucked." 

There was silence on the other side of the wall. Finally a cock came through the hole. It was beautiful. About 7 inches long, not too fat, just gorgeous.

"You're going to have to do all the work, Kevin. Take the plug out and put my dick inside you."

I leaned forward and started getting his cock wet with my tongue as I wriggled the butt-plug out of my ass. Taking some cum from my face I smeared it all over his dick and then turned around. I bent over and backed into him. The hole was the perfect height. I could keep my legs straight as I bent over at the waist. I pushed back and felt the head of his cock at my entrance. We both pushed and it went in easily. "Holy shit!" I yelled out. It hurt, but also really felt good. Slowly I pulled forward and back again, letting his cock slide in and out of my ass. Oh my god, it felt so nice! I took it deep and it was making me harder and harder. I pushed back so hard my balls started slapping the wall behind me. I fucked that dick like I was in another dimension. I was hornier and more stoned than I'd ever been and in pure ecstasy. 

Just as I thought it couldn't get any better I felt his cock pulse and start shooting into me. I backed against the wall and squeezed my asshole around him as hard as I could. He yelped from the other side of the wall and came hard inside me. I could feel the cum fill me. I could feel my eyes roll back in my head, but I didn't cum. I fell forward to the ground and felt the cum slowly ooze from my ass. The matt was covered in cum and I wallowed in it. I was so high and so tired that I couldn't move. 

Finally I heard the door open and I was pulled out of the box.

Two sets of arms guided me up the stairs to the kitchen and then upstairs into a bedroom. They laid me on the bed on my back and, through barely open eyes, I saw Jim and Aaron getting undressed. They both got in bed with me facing the opposite end of the bed. Soon I felt two sets of lips on my cock. I reached out and found their cocks on either side of me. I licked first one and then the other getting them hard with tongue. Taking one deep in my throat, I felt Aaron get up. He lifted my legs up and pushed them up to my chest exposing my ass. Hands spread my cheeks and suddenly I felt his tongue on my asshole. He tongued the rim and then the tip of his tongue darted in and out of my ass. At the same time, Jim was sucking my cock and playing with my balls. I could feel cum oozing out of my ass and Aaron was lapping it up. I had never experienced such pleasure.

Finally Aaron shoved his tongue deep inside me and Jim took my cock all the way down his throat. I jerked and came harder than I ever thought possible. My cum shot right down Jim's throat as he sucked me like a straw. Aaron sucked on my asshole and drank down all the cum dripping out. I laid back on the bed completely spent. I couldn't move. I felt movement and opened my eyes. Aaron and Jim were standing on the bed side-by-side looking down at me stroking their cocks.

They looked down at me and I saw shit-eating grins on both their faces. They stroked their cocks, and then stroked each other's cocks, all the while looking at me. Finally they both looked at each other and nodded. They stroked harder and both shot their wads over me. Cum hit me from head to balls. Aaron's first shot hit me right on the lips while Jim's only managed to make it to my left nipple. Their second and third shots went onto my chest and stomach and finally dribbled out onto my cock and balls. I smeared the cum over my chest and then licked it off of my fingers. Aaron took a lick at Jim's dick, then laid down next to me and kissed me. We swapped cum as Jim joined us in a three-way kiss and cum swap. I remember the covers being pulled over me and I fell asleep with a cock in each hand.

I awoke the next morning alone and sticky. For a second I didn't know where I was or what had happened but then it all came rushing back. Damn! I felt guilty at first, but then I realized I just felt good. My ass and jaw were sore, but not too bad. I found a note that said to use the shower and then come downstairs. It took several scrubbings to get clean, but I managed and then found my clothes, got dressed and headed downstairs.

I walked into the living room and when everyone saw me they gave me a standing ovation. Jim and Aaron were there and they said I was the best they'd ever had in the CumBox. They invited me to come back in the fall and join the fraternity. I said I would sure think about it and told them what fun I'd had. Then I said my goodbyes and headed out to find Mitch and my car.

Mitch was asleep in the back of the car when I jumped into the front, scaring him awake.

"Where the fuck you been man?"

"Oh, just gettin' laid!" I said as I smiled and started the car.