 Summer break of my sophomore year in college couldn’t have come any sooner.

With a heavy course load the quarter before, my mind was fried…my body dogged tired from long hours of crammed-in studying. I needed to get out of town and wind down. 

My folks were vacationing in Europe, so their house and large swimming pool was vacant and inviting. Perhaps that blonde neighbor with the big tits and raging hormones would be around and need her insides tickled. I imagine she’d probably burned through all the High School meat by now and would probably look good lying naked next to me…or straddling my lounge chair and lowering her cunt onto my cock.

Yessssss…..that vacation package was looking more enticing all the time!

The only obvious downers I saw to the plan was that I had no wheels or money to hit the road with…but, being the young brave lad that I was, I decided that hitchhiking my way home would do the trick. See and experience first hand what my brother and his generation had turned into a cult-like a way of life…cruising the highways and byways with a thumb pointing the way. After all, it was only 375 miles to home…I was a big boy, full of confidence and stature. Nobody messed with me…so a day or so…might be all it took till Miss “Cant Wait To Graduate & Fuck the Big Boys” got an early start on things. 

Anyway…I threw together a back pack of essentials and started out the next morning with a lift in my step and a tune in my happy head…all a good hitchhiker really needs isn’t it? 

It wasn’t long before my frame of mind to change…

It was hot! 

Something not thought of whilst visions of neighborly relations danced in my mind was exactly how hot the mid-day sun makes things walking along the side of a long stretch of black asphalt! 

Damn weatherman don’t remind me of it either…. 

“I’ll be sunny and warm tomorrow…no chance of rain at all…0%....a great day! Unless of course you happen to be walking along the side of a long stretch of black asphalt! Temperatures will be SOARING THERE!”

Yesssss…so I gathered…as I watched each and every little air conditioned compartment go whizzing by me. Hmmmm….nobody (least of all me) told me that I’d have to go thru the tortures of hell in order to fuck some “just of legal age pussy”.

It was after some six hours of thumb pointing dismay that a 53’ tractor trailer appeared over the highway horizon…and the sound of air brakes told me I had my first ride. Thank God! I was beginning to feel like a fried egg and don’t figure they get much attention from passing motorists. 

Slogging slowly up to the cab, I threw open the passenger side door and met “Shorty”. Least that’s what he told me to call him…his actual name I forgot in a few minutes. Following the usual, quick “where ya going….?” exchange of info I was settling into the soft, vinyl covered chair…and the blessed air conditioning was smacking me in the face! My back pack disappeared into this “dark cavern” behind the seats that I presumed was his sleeping quarters. 

“Yea….heading home to see the folks….” I saw no reason to include Shorty in my fantasies.

“College boy eh?....probably gonna hit them up for money aren’tcha….” he said, punctuating it with a yellowish-missing some teeth laugh.

Hundreds of cars and trucks had passed me already today….and I had to get stuck with the bad rendition of Jed Clampett.

“Well…..no…..not this time” I replied jokingly. A hitchhiker’s gotta be friendly I guessed and there was no need to piss off the portly fellow…or his air conditioning.

Shorty was a “trucker” alright…fit the stereotype perfectly. Bulky and by all appearances squat with a belly that just scraped the bottom of the steering wheel…big forearms with old tats…and a bushy beard that mingling with chest hair. Just an overall disheveled look but then, guess if I spent half my life sitting in a truck cab…seeing and driving past people from twelve feet above all the time…I probably wouldn’t give a shit what I looked like either.

So we chatted for awhile…batting the banter back & forth easily…till I grew quiet…my eyelids got heavy and I slumped against the wall of the cab. The heat of the road had sapped me and the sunlight streaming through the truck window warmed my legs and lap…and the A/C had lulled me to sleep.

Don’t know how long I was asleep…it looked like the mid-day sun when my eyes reopened…but those images can be deceiving. What was unmistakable was the hardon that filled my crotch. Sitting upright slowly, I wondered if Shorty had been a good driver and kept his eyes on the road. What I didn’t realize at the time was that it was Shorty’s big hand that had massaged my cock stiff and throbbing! He’d reached over and massaged my crotch thru the warm denim jeans…gently feeling the soft fullness of my balls…then pet the lump created by my small cock until it extended fully down my leg…trapped by my pants…but eagerly accepting his attentions.

“Gotta go…” He said.

“Sorry…..?” I replied sleepily…not catching his drift. 

“Gotta go….” He repeated…this time with a head gesture to my swollen crotch. “I hate when that happens…when I git a piss hardon…not that I mind the hardon now…I hate it that you cant piss!”

“Uhhh…yeah…I guess…” I replied evenly…still a little uneven from my doze and finding the conversation a bit weird. Also puzzling was the fact that…yes, I definitely was sporting a good woody…there was no mistaking that…but I didn’t feel like I had to piss.

“I’ll pull over in a bit….and take care of that….” Shorty offered before continuing “Looks like you’re packing pretty good there….” and with another head and eye gesture towards my crotch indicated where the packing was.

Well….thanks…I do OK…but we all know that size doesn’t matter now don’t we….?” I said, trying some quick and easy humor to redirect the conversation away from my still stiff cock! 

“Don’t you guys…truckers…have a ‘solution’ to problems like this…?” I asked, figuring some “technical” conversation would relieve my throbbing condition. 

“Oh…I’ve got a jug in the back sure…but it wont do you much good…only thing a cock like that’s good for is jacking off, now isn’t it….?”

So much for that line of inquiry…I was harder now than when I’d first woken up…and simply fell silent. 

Just a short ways up the highway, Shorty turned the rig off the road into a deserted rest stop…slowly pulling past the small concrete building I figured would house any bathrooms…till he came to stop at the furthest end of the lot. 

I stumbled out of the cab…and deciding to bypass the long hot walk back to the building, headed towards the grass off the edge of the pavement. I still didn’t need to piss…but figured if I got out of the cab…and Shorty’s conversation and interest in hardons…my own might get a chance to subside. 

To my surprise…and dismay…Shorty had gotten down out of the cab as well and was heading towards me with his short-legged gait. 

“All this talk’s about pissing’s got me going as well…” he was saying. 

I didn’t know or want to wait around to hear more about that, so I headed off the edge and began descending a steep incline that eventually flattened out to a small clearing and retention pond. I braced myself a couple of times…to keep from slipping…so steep was the angle. 

For some unknown reason, Shorty was risking his fat life and little limbs coming down behind right behind me…I was concerned he’s slip and roll me over. 

Once at the bottom, I looked up and couldn’t see the truck that was parked above us…we were completely out of sight and sound of anything and anyone.

I turned a bit so Shorty wouldn’t be able to see my cock when I unzipped my jeans…and soon realized he was right…even if I did have to piss badly…none would be coming out of this stiff cock anytime soon. 

“See….what I tell ya…” Shorty said from behind. I turned my head I to see him looking at me oddly. 

“All this cock talk has got me going…..” he went on and glancing down, I saw his short, fat cock with its big mushroom head was sticking up stiffly under his overhanging belly. 

Well that was all I needed to know it was time to get out of there and turning quickly, I began climbing back up the steep hill. But Shorty moved quickly….kicking a boot against one of my feet, he tripped me… dropping me to my knees. 

I was pushing back up to my feet when a big forearm crashed down on my back….collapsing me again…my face tasting the dusty ground. 

Then he was on me….laying his mass on my backside….pinning me...preventing me moving easily. I could hear his panting hot breathe against my hear…could feel the heat of his sweaty belly on my back…as I tried crawling out from under him…slowly up the hill. A hand reached around my waist and pulled open jean waistband…a fat hand reached inside the back and began pulling down. 

No words were spoken…none at all…the only sounds were those of our heated exertions. I felt the hot sun on my ass…my backside was exposed and his hand was rubbing it all over…with his belly laying on the small of my back, I was unable to move easily, my knees moving forward in shorter distances...then I felt his big hand slide down my ass crack…brush over my hole…and grab my balls…and I slowed down even further. 

That he was a disgusting hulk of a man…there was little doubt…but there was no doubt whatsoever that my cock was now stiffer than ever, tied up and throbbing in the front waistband of my jockeys. 

I lay with my head against the ground…almost motionless…as he fondled my shaved balls with a big, fat palm. Squeezing me evenly…knowingly. Taking a small packet of hand lotion from his sweat soaked shirt pocket, he held it with one hand while biting off one end of it and squeezing its contents in my crack before throwing it away. Then he shifted…got off me briefly to get behind…and I crawled a forward a few more inches…before I felt him drape his belly over my backside and two big hands grasped my waist and pulled me down the hill…sliding that fat cock up my virgin ass.

“Oh…fuck…!” I yelled as his cock forced its way in my tight hole. He had me totally pinned…I couldn’t move if I wanted to…and he began porking me really good. Shaking my whole body has he pumped my ass it brief spurts….abbreviated by his heavy breathing and lot of sweat. 

The sun was beating down and sweat was pouring off us both. After a few minutes of that large dickhead working me…something inside my ass began to sing. This ugly fat bastard was humping me like a hippo…but it was feeling really good! Heaven knows what we must have looked like, but heaven also knows that I was soon raised up on my wrists and holding myself steady for him….using the gravity of the hill to drop my ass to him. By then my tune had changed to “Oh fuck me!” and I was openly moaning after each thrust…begging for it...timing the distance between each plunge of that fat sausage down my hole and the sweet sensations that would ripple through my body.

He held me tight…pumping me…until finally my ass clamped down hard around him…squeezing him tightly…and we moaned as one as we both released....his hot cum filling my ass for the first time…my own getting lost in my jockeys. Mmmmmmm…..what a sensation….cuming while being fucked….I liked it…and he continued to work me until he had no more to offer. 

We were both exhausted! I lay still breathing heavily when his hand began turning me towards him. For a brief second…the nasty thought of kissing him crossed my mind…but no, he had other ideas…and soon my head was being forced under the canopy of his belly and down onto his softening, wet cock! Resisting, I pushed back against the pressure…but it was no use…and soon my lips were touching his messy tool…slowly they parted and took in the large head….and tasted the mixture of cum and my ass…my resistance faded however when he inserted a couple of fingers in my wet asshole and began finger fucking me….occasionally bringing his fingers to his mouth to lick. Soon my nose was buried deep in his pubes…my tongue lovingly swishing around his fat cock…licking it and that large, beautiful, pleasure giving head clean as a whistle. 

It took some doing….but eventually we both got dressed and helped each other up the steep hill. Both our legs were weary and we both almost fell backward a couple of times. Reaching the truck, Shorty told me to get inside and get undressed…something I now needed no forcing to do. Slipping out of my clothes in the front seat, I crawled into the sleeping cab. It was pitch black dark and my eyes took a few minutes to adjust, but it smelled bad…and I could feel crusty spots on the sheets. As my focus started to come to me, I could make out men’s magazines…of all type strewn in one corner. 

Shorty climbed in…and with difficulty scrambled back with me. He really was a nasty man…and lacking any turnon at the moment, I had difficulty keeping my mind from considering those aspects of him. He was all head, shoulders, gut and knees….with a nice fat cock to go with it. 

Fortunately Shorty had plans, so my mind wasn’t wandering for long. He told me to assume the position…which I willingly did this time…by turning towards and leaning against the corner of the cab. Looking up I saw that he’d installed a mirror across the ceiling! The guy was gross…but had kinky tastes! 

From the mirror, I watched him behind me rummaging on the side of the mattress…until he eventually produced a large dildo. My initial disappointment that his fat cock wouldn’t be pounding me was quickly replaced by this long dildo with a large, vibrating head that was soon buried way up my ass! 

I was his bitch for good now! This taking it up the ass was all too new for me…and I was liking it just fine. Looking up, I could see the dildo being shoved up between my spread ass cheeks…..I could see the strokes and drop down onto the stake…I could give it up completely. 

“Ahhhhhh Shorty….fuck me babe….work it….work that hole….ohh…ohhhh….ahhhhhh yessssss…do me!.” 

No possible mistaking this time – I wanted it and I wanted it bad. My was twitching stiffer with each pump up my hole….precum was draining down and dripping off my balls…adding to the sheet’s collection. Shorty was nothing if not dedicated to his craft. He must love mancunt because he certainly knew how to work it. After another five minutes of this bliss my body started trembling…my legs wobbling….my eyes closed and I disappeared entirely into ecstasy….the very next stab up my ass made me shriek with pleasure as my cock start spewing cum….a slower…sweeter draining of white delight….slipped from me…over the edge of my dickhead and slide down the shaft.

Well Shorty had seen enough….and he was ready for more manpussy….pulling the dildo from me, he spun me down onto my back…threw my legs up over and back and leaned his mass on top of me.

Initially I didn’t think I’d be able to breath….but once I felt that big dickhead stroking my hole again…I knew I’d survive well enough! He was close…and this time, I could see the exertions in his face…which wasn’t pretty…but closing my eyes, I simply focused on giving it up to him….letting him use my ass which way he wanted…and soon he found his rhythm…or pattern of short bursts. He was squishing me pretty good…but that fat dick of his was also having its affect…filling my hole completely and fully…that big head scraping and scratching against my insides so nicely! 

It took longer this time…but eventually Shorty filled me up again…pounding his cum deep inside my hot ass. Pulling off he dropped back against the other wall of the cab in a heap…breathing heavily and not looking all too good. Thinking I’d help him some, I spun around on my knees and lay on my stomach between his legs…he could stare at the fine curve of my ass while I sucked his soft cock…licked his wet balls and cleaned his hairy crotch….all very willingly this time…I very much wanted to now. 

In a few minutes, I heard his breathing even and deepen. Looking up, I saw he was asleep…slumped against the wall…beginning to snore slightly. I licked the salty sweat out of his belly button….and ran my tongue all over his broad, fat belly before returning to his crotch

I kept kissing and licking his crotch….slowly…easily…in no hurry at all…and after about fifteen minutes or so…his cock began thickening again. Shorty would be the first hardon I’d suck…and I loved it…loved the way it filled my mouth…loved running my tongue along the edges of the fat head…and sucking down the smooth precum. 

I would suck him off while he slept….he never woke…I can only imagine his thoughts…but this big....ugly man….had the sweetest cum you could imagine. 

Eventually…Shorty dropped me off near my house and I dragged myself the last mile on foot. Good thing no one was home, because I looked a sight. I spent the rest of the break sunning and sleeping by the pool – catching up on that much needed rest. Not once did I think to check out if the blonde with the big tits was around…but I often thought of Shorty. 

I never saw him again…our time was over…but about a year later I saw a news report about some trucker being brought up on charges….seems not all travelers are happy travelers.