 When David and his girlfriend Megan graduated from high school, he was more than supportive and enthusiastic about her moving out of her parent's home and into her own apartment. It would give them a lot more private time together for one thing. Which was something they hadn't had a whole lot of while dating up until now. But when he heard that she was actually moving in to an apartment with two other guys, he nearly had a fit over it, until she then explained, that her two roommates were gay.

David had of course helped her move in, and in so doing, had met Jared and Michael. He had liked them almost immediately, both of them easy going and laid back. And neither one of which acted like a lot of the stereotypical "gays" he had heard about, or very often seen. Had he not be told they were actually gay, he wouldn't have known to be truthful about it. And had he not seen them together in the apartment, he'd never have suspected anything there either. But they were loving, affectionate, and extremely playful with one another, always joking and having a good time. He could see why Megan felt comfortable being around them, as he suddenly found himself being too.

The one thing he had always liked about his girlfriend was the fact that Megan was so down to earth herself. Open-minded, almost to a fault. She wore little, if any makeup whatsoever. And though some might call her a plain-Jane, the truth was, he preferred her that way. She had a natural beauty to her, which he admired and appreciated. And loved the fact she didn't chase hairstyles, or clothing, or especially makeup fashions, trying to make herself into something she wasn't.

As the weeks went by, David became more and more comfortable hanging around the three of them, often doing so in the evenings as neither he nor Megan had a whole lot of money to spend going out on dates. Very often, they went in on pizza with Jared and Michael, and spent an evening of it together. By this time of course, he was used to seeing the two of them quite often cuddling up on the couch, occasionally sharing an intimate kiss or a touch here and there. But there had never been anything that he had found repulsive or disgusting about the way they acted around one another, no more than either of them did when seeing he and Megan likewise doing the same things.

The only thing David didn't always like was Megan's job. There were times when her schedule got messed up, or other times when she was due to get off work that she'd be asked to stick around for a while longer if things got busy at the restaurant she worked for. Or if someone didn't come in for one reason or another. But even then, he didn't mind hanging around the apartment waiting for her to come home, as again he had come to value and appreciate the new friendships he'd created with her two roommates. In time, he almost felt like he was living there with them as much as he found himself being over there. And it had even been hinted at once, though Megan's father had put his foot down whenever the subject was brought up. David guessed that with Megan living with two gay guys, that was one thing...but dating, seeing, even if they still slept together with a straight guy, was something else entirely. The bottom line was, he'd been given his own key. So it was just as though he did live there, and even helped out with expenses when he could, even though David was still living at home, working a part-time job while going back to school.

It was on a Friday night when he and Megan had made some very special plans together. Michael and Jared had likewise planned to spend the evening out, so they would actually have the apartment pretty much to themselves until later on that evening. He'd gone over to meet her there where he'd actually cooked up a nice dinner for two, rented a movie, one of Megan's favorites, and then of course, hoped to seduce her soon after that. He was right in the middle of fixing dinner when the phone rang, which he answered.

"Hello?"

"Oh baby...don't be too upset ok? But I'm going to be at least two hours late before I can get there, does that fuck things up for you too much?"

David looked over at the expensive Pork Chops he'd just finished barbequing, the baked potatoes only then having come out of the oven. Megan was supposed to have been there half an hour ago, he should have expected it and waited. But he hadn't. He'd wanted to surprise her with dinner all ready and waiting for her. As it turned out, he should have waited, and actually cursed himself for knowing better.

"I really am sorry baby, but Bill booked a large party tonight, and one of the other girls called in sick, and another one just up and quit. I'll be home as soon as I can get away. Please...don't go anywhere, just wait for me!"

Not sure what he could do to save the dinner, David cleaned everything up, sticking it all back in the fridge, and then headed off into Megan's room with a now pounding headache. He decided to lie down, let it pass, and wait for her to get home. He had immediately fallen asleep. The sound of voices somewhere in the back of his mind told him that someone was there, but even then he didn't get up, half hoping, half expecting for Megan to have arrived home, though he realized a bit later it had been Michael and Jared returning home instead from their night out. When he did wake, his headache gratefully gone now, he rolled over and looked at the clock. It was nearly midnight, and Megan still hadn't gotten home as yet. Frustrated, he decided to head home rather than wait for her as she'd asked, even though he'd intended on spending the night there with her after their fabulous evening together. David opened the door to her bedroom, stepping out into the hallway. Beyond, into the living room he could see the flickering lights coming from the TV, and though he couldn't hear anyone talking, he rightly assumed that the guys had both gotten home much earlier, and were still up watching TV, or most likely asleep there on the couch all cuddled up together as they sometimes did, especially as he couldn't hear anything at first. Quiet, so as not to disturb them if they were, David crept softly down the hall, just reaching the entry when he froze, stopping dead in his tracks! Before him, on the floor, Michael and Jared were busily pleasuring one another in a mutual "69" together. At first, David didn't have a clue as to what he should do. The doorway would necessitate his walking directly past them to reach it, though he could of course simply turn around and head back into Megan's room. He did neither.

To his own surprise, David continued to stand there, watching the two of them. Never before had he seen, or really thought about two men being together. And though he'd easily accepted and acknowledged the fact that Jared and Michael obviously had...did, and were now doing, he had never found himself curious enough to contemplate it, or ever wonder what it might actually be like, or feel like. Seeing them now, seeing how honestly erotic it actually seemed to appear, caught him entirely off guard.

David nearly turned around heading back towards Megan's room anyway. He stood fighting with his morality on the one hand, and wishing to give his two friends the privacy they no doubt would prefer having. Though for the life of him, why they weren't back in their own room doing just that went unanswered. Surely they had to know that Megan wasn't home as yet, and could very well be arriving any time now in fact. Maybe upon hearing her climbing up the steps, they'd bolt like rabbits back into their room, which is what David decided they must have already considered doing when the time came. David however, continued to stand there, watching the two of them, unable to move for one reason or another. The sight of them both, each slow sucking one another, tenderly, teasingly, and erotically, had given David an unexpected, unanticipated erection. And he found himself standing there rubbing it through the front of his jeans, though initially not realizing he had been.

But even more stupidly than that, standing where he was, for as long as he did, eventually gave away his presence. He'd forgotten about the TV, and the fact that his image could be clearly seen in the reflection of it as he stood.

"If you wanna watch, then you might as well come in and make yourself more comfortable," Jared suddenly said looking up directly at him. There had been no malice in his tone of voice, no surprised hurt, shock or anger in saying it. He was sincere, and sounded just as friendly as he ever was, just as though David had just been invited to sit and stay for dinner.

"I'm ah...sorry, I didn't mean, I was just waiting for..."

"Megan, yeah...we know, she called a little while ago, said she'd been asked to stay even later and then help clean up afterwards. Said the extra bonus money, not to mention tip money was just too good to pass up."

To David's surprise, Michael and Jared stood, each still sporting thick massive erections, though Jared crossed over to the kitchen counter pouring a couple of drinks. "Want one?" he asked, and then continued where Michael had left off. "She wondered if you were still here when she called. Jared went back into her room, saw you were asleep, and told her so. She said not to wake you, but to tell you what had happened when you finally woke up. Which obviously...you did." 

Once again David was somewhat surprised, though not at all ill at ease as the three of them stood there talking, though Jared and Michael of course were still naked, and still obviously somewhat aroused. Accepting his drink, though trying very hard not to look down at Jared's stiff prick when doing so, he took a sip as the two of them moved back over towards the couch sitting down on it. Now feeling somewhat awkward, though mostly embarrassed for having interrupted their intimacy, David took the chair across from them, intending to finish up the drink he'd just been given and then leave.

Much to his surprise, Jared and Michael reached over, each of them now stroking the other unabashedly, without any inhibitions in doing so in front of him whatsoever.

"Sort of hot...having someone watching you have sex," Michael commented. "We saw you standing there for several minutes, even whispered about telling you we knew you were there, then deciding against it until we saw you begin touching yourself."

"Yeah...that's when Jared decided to ask you if you'd rather be more comfortable while actually watching us..."

"Or..." Michael now added.

"Or what?" David asked curiously as the two of them looked at one another smiling.

"Or...let us enjoy watching you while you stroked yourself off, while watching us do it. That's pretty damn fucking hot too!"

At first, David was again speechless, not knowing what to say, or how he should even feel about that. He was having difficulty enough accepting the fact he had gotten aroused, seeing the two of them sucking one another's cocks, and now sitting there in front of him, still openly fondling one another.

"It's no big deal David," Jared added. "Megan enjoys watching us do it all the time!"

"What?" David said, not sure he had heard them correctly.

"Not to worry...we're gay remember? Neither one of us has a thing for your honey, nor does she for either one of us. But it's still a bit of a kick, knowing that she's enjoying watching us, and exciting as hell for the two of us to be doing it while she's watching. So...like I said, if you're interested, it's no big deal!"

David was now thoroughly confused. On the one hand, he wasn't sure if he was supposed to feel threatened or jealous over anything or not. Because the confusing part was...he wasn't. What he was, was honestly excited and aroused, his erection growing thicker and longer with each passing second.

"What if...ah, she ah...comes home, which she could, any moment now!"

"And so? What if she does? You seriously don't think she's gonna wig out at seeing you sitting here pulling on your pud watching us while we mess around. Not when she does it all the time now do you? Seriously David?"

"Is this where we tell him that she fingers herself while we are?" Jared asked turning back towards Michael with a shit-eating grin on his face.

"Seriously? She does?"

"She does." Jared and Michael said in unison. "So...like we said earlier, you're welcome to watch, or not, but...we're horny, and whether you decide to stay, go, or go back into Megan's room and wait for her there is up to you. But...I've got a nice hard dick that needs sucking, and I need to suck this nice hard dick that I have here in my hand!"

With that, David sat, watching as Jared once again leaned over, taking Michael's prick inside his mouth and began lavishing long slow stroking sucks as he did so, and as Michael sat back, comfortably so, feeling it, eyes closed and once again smiling.

David looked towards the door, then down the hall, but his eyes were again drawn to the two men. His prick now just as equally hard and straining to be free as theirs were. To his own amazement and surprise, David stood, undoing his belt, allowing his jeans to fall down around his ankles, which he then stepped out of.

"Ooh, he has a nice sleek long one," Michael said commenting, as Jared then was forced to look up.

David felt a little shy at first, though his arousal was rapidly overcoming whatever inhibitions he might have had. Still stroking one another, which they were now doing again, Jared urged him.

"Do it David do it...let's see how you enjoy playing with that nice hard stiff prick of yours," he asked.

David did so, surprised at the level of arousal he was suddenly feeling, especially when Michael squeezed Jared's cock, producing a nice fat thick droplet of precum which he then smeared about the head of Jared's cock making it glisten, and then further using it to stroke him with, creating a very wet slick, slippery sound as he did so.

"Ooh, doesn't that look nice, and sound even naughtier?" Michael asked. "Let's see you produce one David. Go on...milk your dick for us, give us a nice droplet of cum to see, and then hear you work it around your prick!"

David did, finding it quite easy to do at the moment, hearing and seeing the two of them as they continued pumping one another all the while watching David doing the same.

He didn't even realize it at first, he certainly wasn't aware of anything for several moments, until the feel of Megan's hands coming from around and behind him as she leaned into him, pressing her bare breasts against him did he even know she was there.

"Megan?" David said suddenly standing in shock, disbelief and surprise. "How long have you been here?" he asked.

"Maybe, twenty, thirty minutes is all. I came home, saw you were asleep on my bed," she said smiling. David continued to look at her with a confused expression on her face.

"We talked about it...thought maybe we'd surprise you, see what you thought, did...reacted. I've been waiting back in their bedroom," she further explained, wondering if you'd be comfortable enough to go along with this. Like they said, we've all enjoyed watching one another. I mean...I certainly do, and I told them that I honestly didn't think you'd have a problem with it, and that you might actually find it exciting to see or watch. Like I said...I was right...wasn't I?"

There was absolutely no point in denying it. He was, and admittedly said so, though he felt slightly embarrassed by the admission.

"Oh for heaven's sakes David. It's not like I haven't been with a few girls myself before either," she then admitted to him, though by the look on his face, she realized he'd never considered the possibility of her having done that before, nor in being attracted to another woman either.

"Men!" Megan said rolling her eyes. "And even gay men at that too!" she said rolling them again. A guy can get all hot and bothered about seeing two women together, but we're not supposed to maybe find it just as equally as hot in watching two men? Well...I do, and I'll be the first one to admit it!" She then smiled, reaching down to begin fondling David's prick. "So tell me...and be honest about it David. Have you? Have you at least ever wondered about it? Thought about it? Considered it?"

To pretend he didn't know what she was talking about, or asking him was just as ridicules as sitting there stroking himself off while watching Jared and Michael together, and saying that he hadn't been.

"A few times perhaps...yes," he openly admitted to her. "But...I never have," he then added.

"So...it's not something you'd absofuckinglutely refuse to do then?" she asked. "Especially if I asked you? If it was something I wanted to see you do and enjoy...for me?"

David glanced over briefly towards Michael and Jared who now sat anxiously waiting for his answer, smiling hopefully.

"No...maybe once it might have been something I'd never have considered. But under the circumstances, and especially as I really feel like the four of us have gotten so close...as friends, no. It wouldn't bother me any to do that at all."

David was surprised at the pure delight he then saw coming into Megan's eyes. "So...you've never sucked another man's cock before then huh?" she asked.

David smiled...he wouldn't lie, and the truth was, he really hadn't. "A man's cock? No. Have I sucked a cock before? Yes...once, well a few times, but only with the one other person," he amended a bit sheepishly. Everyone was now grinning.

"So...which one would you like to try first?" Jared asked anxiously. "While the other one sucks on yours!"

"Let me choose!" Megan responded to that, making it easier on everyone in her doing so. "And then after I've enjoyed that for a while...you can all switch."

Sitting on the couch, David felt Jared as he knelt on the floor between his legs, gently fondling and caressing his balls initially. When he felt Jared's mouth softly surround his hard prick, he was surprised at the intensity and arousal that immediately coursed through him, especially as Megan stood off to one side moaning, fingering herself and caressing her breasts as she watched.

"Now you," she directed Michael, "Feed David your cock!"

Michael then climbed up onto the couch, leaning in as David watched the hard thick member slowly approach. Without hesitation, as it neared, he accepted it, tasting the heady funky taste of Michael's prick, the sensation of his erection, the firmness and stiffness not unlike his own as he wrapped his hand around the shaft, slowly, softly stroking it, all the while sucking the head, getting the feel and familiarity of doing so, remembering how it felt whenever Megan had sucked his.

"Fuck that's hot!" Megan cried out moments later, the sound of her fingers milking her pussy, the squishiness of her own juice, now easily heard as David's mouth began producing nearly the same sounds around Michael's prick, and as Jared began doing to his. Jared's sucking, every bit as good...if not better even in some ways than Megan's had been. The delight at what he then did, teaching him as he did so, feeling the various sensations, and then applying those same ones to Michael's prick.

"Ok, now...switch!" Megan asked, which Jared and Michael then did, with David remaining seated on the couch.

Once again, it was the same, yet different. The taste, textures and similarities all too familiar, but the increased arousal he was now feeling and sensing continued to heighten. He enjoyed the feel of Jared's slightly thicker longer prick inside his mouth as he licked it, sucked it and continued jacking it, just as he was feeling his being done to.

"Man...I need to fuck now!" Jared exclaimed. "I'm too close to blowing off my load!" 

Though a bit nervous yet in taking things quite that far, David was somewhat relieved when at Megan's suggestion that, the two of them fuck, or rather while Jared fucked Michael's ass, as David continued to suck on Michaels cock while he did so. Megan in turn had informed them all, she now wanted to suck on David's prick while the three of them did that.
