 Alex watched the man in front of him glide over the wood boards that elevated the footpath over the muck of the swampy marshland. They had been exploring the Rachel Carson Wildlife Refuge when Steve signaled Alex to stay back. His large athletic body barely made a sound as it inched forward and Alex wondered if he was part Indian Warrior or part Ballerina. The man suddenly lurched and Alex had his answer. 

He turned to face Alex and glided back towards him with a two-foot long snake in his hand.

"Wow Steve," Alex said impressed, "you've got some skill. Are you part Cherokee or somethin?"

"Actually, 1/16th," Steve said with a smile as he offered the writhing reptile to Alex, "or at least that's what my Mom used to tell me."

Alex didn't know why but he held out a hand to accept the gift. He wasn't particularly fond of snakes but he didn't want to seem like a wimp and was intoxicated by the confidence and swagger of the older outdoorsman.

"Woah, no, hang on" Steve quickly yelled and retracted the snake with concern on his face. Then he placed it back on the wood boards and, while still holding it's body firm, stepped on its head. Alex heard the distinct sound of bones cracking and watched as the life left the previously animated body. "That was poisonous son," Steve said as he ground his boot into the skull for good measure. Then he tossed the carcass into the brown ooze.

"What the - why did you offer it to me then?" Alex said suddenly pissed off as he took a step back from the bloody mark left behind by the snake.

Steve broke into a big toothy smile. His red cheery cheeks lifted his full but well-trimmed beard. Wrinkles radiated from his eyes. His was the smile of a prankster, a magician, the best friend that relished in your embarrassment. "Did you get bit?" he finally asked the young man.

Alex instinctively checked his hand but already knew the answer. "No," he replied.

"Good." Then Steve turned and continued down the path.

Alex looked around. Then he scratched his head. Then he watched the tight ass of the asp-killer as it swaggered away into the mouth of the woods that stood at the end of the pine planks. Then he felt his cock twitch. "Fuck," he thought to himself as he walked rapidly to catch up to the denim short and tee-shirt magnet that got swallowed up by the forest and pulled him into the void.

They walked in silence through the refuge on the coast of Maine just south of Portland. Steve led Alex through marsh and some wood and some prairie. Alex always stayed within a few meters of the man to avoid separation. It wasn't that Alex was afraid of getting lost. He had grown up in this area and had walked this path several times with his family, friends and girlfriend. He recognized each turn and each boulder. He knew exactly how many minutes they were from the next parking lot or cross trail. No, Alex was not afraid of getting lost. Invisible forces pulled Alex toward the mass of the real man with firm ass and confident stride. But also guilt and fear and an odd sense of submissiveness served to repel him at the same time. A few steps behind Steve was Alex's equilibrium. Not too close and not too far.

Alex looked over his shoulder through the trees as they walked the bluff along the water's edge. The Atlantic Ocean spread out over the horizon just as dusk started turning the sky a dark shade of blue. His heart skipped a beat and Alex wondered if it was due to his exertion, the company he was keeping today or more likely a creeping mournfulness. In six weeks he'd leave Portland for college and he sensed that these woods and these people would become known as the place he came from but no longer his home. His new home was out there in the world. 

"Hey," Steve's voice shouted in Alex's ear and he looked forward just in time to avoid collision with his leader who had stopped. Steve laughed and held out a steadying hand as Alex faltered. Alex took it. It was warm and strong and calloused.

"Sorry," Alex muttered and he regained his balance.

"No worries," Steve said and offered Alex an open pouch filled with granola looking flakes and fruit. Alex shook it off. Steve plunged a large hand into the opening and snatched grain and berries then tossed the morsels in his mouth in almost neanderthal like hunger.

"Gettin' dark," Steve said while masticating his snack. "We should head back."

Alex let out a chuckle.

"Somethin' funny," Steve said.

Alex pointed shyly back at Steve while maintaining his chagrin. But this clue was not enough and Steve suddenly looked annoyed and shrugged. "You've got blueberries and crap in your beard," Alex finally managed to explain.

Steve reflexively moved a hand to his facial hair and shook and combed the scrub. He looked at Alex for a visual OK.

"Well, still there," Alex confirmed and then did something completely out of his character. He raised his hand and stroked the man's beard in an attempt to dislodge the trapped crumbs. Alex had never felt a man's beard before; why would he. His Dad and brothers preferred to be clean-shaven. As for his own face, his Mom had a larger mustache than his feeble peach fuzz. The feel of the hair surprised him. He expected something rough and cruel, like a brillo pad. Instead it felt soft with just the faint sting of ticklish prickle.

Steve flinched slightly at the brazen encroachment of his personal space then held still. His face softened as the young man's hand caressed and played with his chin. 

"There," Alex proclaimed after a moment and presented the now detangled dried berry and flaky crumbs in his hand for Steve to verify. Then he did another uncharacteristic gesture, he popped the crumbs into his mouth. As he swallowed he watched Steve eye him suspiciously as Steve ran a hand through his beard in thoughtful consideration. Alex turned away and looked back at the ocean. Red blood filled his cheeks and he blinked.

The two men stood there for a while. A normal pinkish color returned to Alex's complexion and his breathing fell into a more regular pattern. 

Then Steve asked, "How's your girlfriend?" and redness flooded Alex's face again. "She's fine," he said just above a whisper, then added, "She's havin' a hard time. We're going to different schools this fall. She's really nervous about it - about us. She's acting kind of weird actually."

"Huh," was all the compassion Steve offered. Then he asked another question, "Have you fucked her yet?"

Alex felt like his face would explode. He took a step away from the older man and looked at the ground. Then he dared a quick glance upward. Steve looked at him with a blank expression. 'Why the hell did he care if -' Alex thought.

"Yeah - of course," Alex stammered while looking away. "Maybe that's why she's acting so - you know we love each other - and,"

Alex dared another look. Steve was still there. His eyes still penetrated his. His chest still rose and fell in slow powerful breaths. Alex looked away. "We might get married you know - I mean we've talked about it - and it's hard -"

Alex heard Steve laugh but didn't look up. "Really," Steve exhaled in a slow friendly tone, "well, I bet you guys will be very happy. Kim is - you know - nice."

"Yeah, she is," Alex confessed into the ground and then waited for the usual adult pep talk. "Don't worry. What will be will be. You guys are young and have so much to discover." Alex heard that brand of bullshit before and was prepared to payback the advice with his own bullshit head nod. But Steve did not offer any of these. Instead Alex felt the magnetism strengthen as Steve silently moved within inches of his hunched shoulders and head.

Steve leaned into his ear. "We should get back. Kim probably wonders where the hell you are." Alex felt the man's breath on his neck and cowered just a little more. He nodded his head.

"I - I know a shortcut," Alex offered sheepishly still looking at the mud and twigs and dead grass. He 

"Oh?" Steve replied but didn't move from his position. Instead he placed a hand on Alex's shoulder and waited for a moment before saying, "Well then - why don't you lead the way."

Alex was surprised but was too afraid to move. "Sure," he mumbled.

Steve removed his hand from Alex, releasing him from his hold. Alex turned and moved hurriedly down the path, happy to be heading home. 

He noted the sound of crunching leaves and bark as Steve began to follow. He wondered if Steve was admiring his own denim covered butt and he tried to keep his ass from swinging too sexily but his preoccupation with creating a natural hip motion created the opposite effect and each butt cheek flexed and swayed like synchronized pendulums in a grandfather's clock.

After a half mile further down the ocean hugging path Alex turned and headed inland along a much narrower trail. This unofficial path is discouraged by the park rangers but over the years it has been trod upon by enough potheads, hunters, and loners seeking even greater isolation that it has maintained a rudimentary semblance of form and function. The first hundred feet was a steep climb to a higher bluff overlooking the ocean before heading diagonally through the woods back to the main parking lot.

Alex bounded up the slope and narrow trail with speed and was surprised when he looked back to find Steve dropping back, apparently struggling with the brush and branches that Alex's slight frame easily avoided but that Steve's build and six foot two height managed to intercept with each step. Alex was about to shout down an apology but then held back. He did not want to embarrass the man just because of his body.

Steve's masculine frame quickly became a topic for discussion in southern Portland when he arrived just a few years ago. Alex first came to appreciate it when he and a group of friends ran the February Frostbite 2.5 km in downtown Portland. He was a junior in high school and Steve had just moved to town. He was relatively unknown so when he showed up at the race in costume and looking like a Dicken's character it created quite a stir. The annual event celebrates Longfellow, Maine's favorite literary son, and proceeds go to the local chorus. Runners are encouraged to show up in Victorian era costume but not all do. Certainly Alex and his friends were not of the 'theatrical' bent and showed up in layered sweats and running shoes. They hopped around the starting line trying to keep warm.

Then as the start of the race neared Steve stripped his top hat, scarf and coat to reveal the well chiseled Tarzan-esque body of Lord Graystoke. He wore a wind-proof skin-tight lycra running suit that showed most of his contours. Steve ran a good race and finished with the first group of more serious athletes. This group included Alex who clocked in just a few seconds behind Steve. And it was during that 2.5 km trek that Alex catalogued each ripple in the man's back and ass and thighs. And it was at the end of that race, when Alex watched Steve as he socialized with the other racers, that Alex began to suspect Steve was less interested in swinging with Jane and more interested in wresting with the other ape-men.

Alex understood Steve's sheer power but miscalculated the toll his bulk took on his physical dexterity. He was no ballerina and Alex began to feel ashamed for putting him through the gauntlet of scraggly tree limbs and thrushes. Alex waited at the top of the hill and grew red-faced. As Steve got closer he paused and stared at the young man. "I should have let that snake bite you," he said seriously before breaking into a grin. Alex grinned back. 

"This is the worst of it," Alex offered and then turned and continued down the trail that in fact did open up with larger trees bordering each side and less brush inhibiting their walk.

With only a mile to go Alex heard Steve stop walking then a moment later he heard a soft whistle that sounded like a drowning duck. 

Alex stopped and turned to see Steve pointing up in between two large oaks. He waved at his young friend to join him and signaled Alex to be silent. Alex obeyed and walked with care back to the spot. 

"What's up?" Alex said in a breathless whisper as he sidled up next to Steve.

"Look - look up there - in the trees beyond the small clearing."

Steve put one arm around Alex's shoulder while the other pointed north into the dimly lit tree tops. Alex inhaled at the man's friendly embrace. Their sweat co-mingled but instead of seeming somehow gross the feel of his slippery arm on Alex's slippery neck sent goosebumps crawling over his skin.

"Do you see it?" Steve whispered in his ear. More goosebumps flared.

Alex squinted trying to focus on an object fifty feet away instead of the hand on shoulder and lips near his neck.

Then his eyes' widened. "Yeah - yeah," he whispered. A predator bird sat on a tree limb. He was perfectly silhouetted against the dark blue sky. They were close enough to make out it's beak and talons wrapped around the tree limb as it rested in the twilight.

"What kind do you think it is?" Alex asked. Just then the bird took off and revealed a massive wingspan. Steve reflexively tightened his embrace around Alex.

"Oh wow," Steve exhaled and paused before answering his companion. "Based on the shape of the wings I'm guessing an Osprey. They're pretty common in these parts - but it might have been a Peregrine. They are less common. If that was a Peregrine than that was pretty special to see around here."

The two men admired the bird as it darted first upward then swung back down and hid behind distant trees.

Alex glanced up toward Steve as the older man straightened and looked down at his young companion. Alex smiled awkwardly then feeling the dominance of his guide he looked back down to count the tall and fat mushroom caps that were growing next to the trail under his feet.

"Alex, do me a favor?" Steve ordered.

"What? What do you need?" Alex replied and dared to glance in his eyes.

Steve nodded his head in the direction of the large oak. "Walk over to the tree," he whispered.

"What?" 

"Walk over to the tree over there," and Steve pointed it out, "then turnaround and lean your back against the trunk."

Alex gave out a nervous laugh and darted his eyes back and forth between Steve and the ancient tree. Deep down Alex knew the intent of Steve's request; at least he hoped he knew. He shivered even though the night still had not done much to cool the 80 degree temperature. His teeth began to chatter and to hide his reaction he turned and did what he was told.

Alex leaned his back against the prickly bark. It felt dry and dusty. One hand nervously reached back to feel the solid trunk behind him and then it fell useless to his side. It hung there, nervous and limp while other body parts began to fill with blood. He brushed the hair out of his eyes with his other hand and licked his lips. He stared for a moment at the hunk that stood just ten feet away but was gliding closer. Alex's heart raced. He could not hold the stare very long and turned his eyes back down to the underbrush. 

The near silent crunch of twigs filled Alex's ears like thunder as Steve slowly walked towards the tree. Alex looked up to find the man now consuming his entire view. Alex quickly inhaled and pushed himself backwards into the tree, trying to melt into the bark and wood. Steve was on top of him now. He let out a powerful breath and Alex watched as the hairs on his mustache shivered from the bull-like grunt. Another hot and deep exhale shook the mustache and made it clear to Alex what Steve needed. Alex closed his eyes tight.

Steve dropped his mouth close to Alex's tightly clenched lips and held them there for a long moment. Alex felt the beard hairs tickle his face. If Alex needed some signal to underscore how different this kiss was going to be compared to those of Kim and other girls then inch long facial hair served the purpose. A man's beard was within a centimeter of Alex's lips, waiting - waiting for him to do something. He exhaled and tried to relax. His shoulders drooped down. His eyes' opened slightly and his forehead gave up its' pinched brow. His mouth was no longer two thin stretched lines of tightened anxious flesh but a loose opening that formed full bodied red lips.

Sensing the young man's new spirit of cooperation and indeed receptivity Steve closed the short distance and laid his mouth on top of Alex's. Again the young man's body tightened but then just as quickly a searing heat flooded his body and the warmth made him feel like he was floating. He gave in to the feeling. He softened his lips. His knees felt weak and one hand went to steady himself against the tree. 

Steve's facial hair pressed into his chin and cheeks but it didn't tickle. The strands matted together to form a fibrous layer of kevlar that felt strong and reassuring. Steve's mouth worked against Alex's in hungry and slow chews. Steve's body hovered as close to Alex's body as possible without touching and it felt to Alex like static was invisibly leaping between the short chasm. They were connected not just by lips but by an electromagnetic field. Alex gasped for air and then Steve renewed the long kiss without missing a beat. 

Alex pressed further into the tree, needing it's hardness and steadiness to stay standing. Then Alex surprised himself by opening his mouth. He held it open, inviting Steve to penetrate. Steve paused at the opening and then plunged a thick meaty tongue deep inside of Alex's cheeks. It probed and played with the smaller muscle to afraid to come out of its cave. Drool began to collect in Alex's mouth and he swallowed hard. 

Now it was Steve's turn to gasp for breath before inserting his tongue again and then he pressed his body into Alex's as the tongue dove deeper down his throat. There was no space now between the men and Alex was sandwiched between the sturdy unforgiving wood of the oak and the fleshy muscle of his living Tarzan. More heat surged and a weakened Alex was certain that if he was not being held up between the two solid structures he would collapse to the ground. 

Alex felt his heart beat against Steve's chest and he wondered if Steve was also experiencing the terrifying effects of the pulse quickening jungle kiss. Alex could not sense the pulse but he did feel Steve's pecs flex under the cotton tee-shirt and this emboldened him to want to touch the man's body. His hand glided to Steve's hip and rested on the firm and ample ass. That was all Steve needed and he thrust his hips into Alex as he stood against the tree with nowhere to go. 

Alex felt a new and different kind of lumber. Through the denim of both men's shorts Steve's rock hard cock pressed into Alex's hip and thigh. Both men groaned at the sensation and Alex opened his eyes wide and then shut them again preferring to shut out reality. Steve's groans vibrated against his cheek. The beard soothed his flesh and he moved one hand up to touch Steve's face but for some reason Steve batted it away and Alex instinctively felt he was to do only what he was instructed.

They broke for a breath and momentarily looked at each in the growing darkness. Steve glared at the man-boy with even more dominance and desire. Then Steve, holding Alex's hand down, went in for another long tongue filled kiss and Alex opened his mouth to accept the snake. Emotions and lust grew and Alex met Steve's hip pressing with a mutual counter press but his nerves were getting the better of him. His skin felt like it was on fire. His hands pushed and pulled, wanting more but also wanting it to stop. He gasped for breath and tried to pull back away from the man's crotch; an involuntary attempt to escape. But he had no room to maneuver against the tree. Out of panic he thrust forward and now his cock pressed deeper into Steve's thigh encouraging both men to release moans of heated desire and uncertain fear.
