 I answered an ad in Craigslist: Male cumslut needed for evening. Email pic, no pic, no response. If I like the picture, you'll get another email.

I answer a lot of ads, most never pan out, I'm kind of picky. I prefer married business types with nice dicks. My response to this ad was: I'm a married, white, 45 year old male, 170, 5'9", love to suck. I'm kind of picky, send me a picture of your dick :) Here's one of me sucking off my neighbor in his garage. (I sent him a picture of me naked, blowing my neighbor, you couldn't see my face in the picture, but you could tell that I had a nice body)

He sent me a picture of his hard dick and a general description that included that he was there on busines on a regular basis. This satisfied my picky nature and this is what happened:

I met him at the hotel bar, I'm was sitting at one of the tables having a drink. I've described what I was wearing, he just walks up to the table and just tells me to come with him. I have no idea what he looks like, and I instinctively glance at his crotch to see if there is any evidence of that big dick that I saw in the photo he sent me. As we ride up in the elevator my heart is pounding in anticipation. He locks the door to your room and tells me to strip, it is the first thing he said to me since he told me to follow him up to his room. 

He grabs a fist full of my hair while I'm standing in the hall undressing. It throws me off balance, I almost fell down because I was taking off the panties that he told me to wear. He leads me into the room, and he says something like, "I hope you're ready slut, cause I going to stuff your face full of dick and I'm going to make you look up at me so I can see you struggle to deepthroat my 8 inch cock and when I cum I want to see the panic in your eyes as I make you swallow every drop." I think I said, "yes sir." :)

He reaches around behind my head and grabs a fistfut of hair and wipes his hard dick all over my face. He tipped my head back and told me to open my mouth, ordered me to suck his balls as he continued to rub his hard dick all over my face. I was kneeling in front of him and he was leaning against the dresser. He turned my face up toward his face and told me to look up at him while I sucked his dick. I've actually never done that before. I have to tell you, it added another dimension to sucking dick. By looking up into his face, I felt somewhat obligated to put up a good show. 

I sucked enthusiastically with lots of gagging and acting like the cumslut that I really am. After about 2 minutes, I was deepthroating every thrust. He kept me facing him as he mercilessly stuffed his dick down my throat over and over. I started out by acting hungry for dick, but as it continued, my eyes were watering up and my nose was running. 

I started feeling owned as I looked up at him. I was being overwhelmed by his big dick being stuffed down my throat and I started raising my hands and he caught me at the wrists and spun me around so that I was still on my knees but my back was against the dresser. He still had a fistfull of hair in one hand, but now he had my wrists pinned to the dresser with the other hand. 

He didn't miss a beat as he continued my facefucking, he never let me look away. I felt him begin to fuck my face harder. His breathing began to get heavier and his belly was making loud slapping noises against my face. When he began to cum, he ordered me to swallow all of it. After a couple of gushes of cum, he pulled his hard throbbing, spurting dick out of my mouth and painted my face with big, long, thick strands of cum. 

It seemed like he came for a long time. When he finished spurting, he started scraping his cum off my face with his still hard dick and ordering me to suck it off of his dick. I'm still looking into his eyes as I hungrily gobble cum off of his dick. I surrenderd to being a complete slut. He made me suck on his dick even after I ate all the cum on my face. I was still looking into his face sucking his dick when he pulled it out of my mouth. 

He told me to stay on my knees as he sat on the edge of the bed. He told me that I was a good cock slut and then he told me to masturbate while he watched, he told me to tell him when I was going to cum. When I told him I was getting ready to cum, he made me get on my hands and knees on the bed and he finger fucked me as I masturbated. 

When I came, I could feel my asshole throbbing around his finger. After I cum, he tells me to get dressed and to get the fuck out of his room. Then he points to his telephone and tells me that he has a video of me acting like his cumslut, and that when he come to town that he's going to email me and that I'd better show up or he'll publish it to the web. If there's a video, it's a good one. I never saw it. I left.