 It was one of those moments that I knew I would never forget, no matter how hard I would try, and to think that up until then I was having the time of my life.  

In my bedroom and on my knees in front of my best friend Jimmy was a position that I had often found myself in, and at that moment there was no place else I would have rather been in the whole world.

Jimmy's pants were down around his ankles, along with his underwear, and I had his cock in my mouth, bringing him to climax like I had done dozens of times in the past. The end always came too soon for me, because I wanted to suck on his thick 7" for as long as he would let me, but he wasn't good at holding back. Either that, or I was too good a cocksucker.

Either way, after I had sucked on his meaty balls, they were soon bouncing off of my chin as my lips went up and down his rigid member, from the tip of the bell-shaped head right down to the root of his manhood hidden in the thick brown bush.

I felt Jimmy's cock pulsate a second before he came, sending thick jets of his seed down my throat. He came hard and he came a lot this time, but I held on to his ass cheeks and let him try to gag me with his spunk.

There was semen trickling out of the corners of my mouth as Jimmy's orgasm finally began to wane, and it was then that I happened to glance over at the door. A door that I had always made sure was locked in the past, but today for whatever reason I hadn't, and the proof of that was standing in the doorway. My mother.

The look on her face when our eyes met was one of sheer horror, and that was probably much like mine was. Jimmy had noticed my reaction and when he looked over and saw my mother, that set off a Keystone Kops-type reaction on our parts, with Jimmy falling over as he scrambled to pull up his pants and me trying to find a hole to crawl into.

My mother left the room, mercifully, but I knew that wasn't the end of it, not by a long shot. Jimmy left, mumbling a sort of apology that I didn't deserve, because actually I had initiated the action, like always. Jimmy didn't need me to suck his cock, he had a girlfriend for that - plenty of them.

It was I that needed it. I was the one that was infatuated with Jimmy's cock from the moment I had seen it years ago, and every time we were alone together it seemed that I was all over him. Jimmy being a horny guy, was almost always willing for me to drain his sac for him, even though he was straight and never reciprocated.

So I sat and waited in my room for the old man to come home, wondering whether my punishment would consist of yelling, or would escalate into worse. I tried to get my case laid out in my mind. I was 18. I had just graduated high school with honors and would be going to college soon.

Maybe I should say I was drunk - that we had gotten some beer to celebrate and things got a little crazy. Never did that before, I could claim, and I still can't believe I did it. Even to me, it sounded like bullshit, but maybe they would buy it.


***


When the old man got home I went down the hall and listened as best I could to my mother's breathless description of what she had seen that afternoon.

"Right there in the middle of his room," Mom explained. "Jimmy Carson was there with his pants down, and there was our son kneeling in front of him and sucking on his thing like a woman would!"

Dad hemmed and hawed for a time, actually trying to get a word in edgewise a couple of times, and when I tried to get a bit closer so that I could here better, my father saw me from around the corner.

"Come in Todd," Dad said. "We were just talking about you."

Tail tucked between my legs, I sheepishly came into the kitchen under the withering stare of my mother, who seemed a lot more angry that the old man was, which surprised me.

"Your mother has been telling me about what she saw you doing with Jimmy today," he said calmly. 

"I know," I replied, trying and failing to look him in the eye.

"Anything you would like to add?"

"No," I said.

"What happened to Melissa - what's her name?" my mother asked. "She seemed so nice."

"She is nice," I said, not mentioning the fact that she was as gay as I was and we only hung out together so that our parents wouldn't suspect our secret lives. "We're just - you know."

"Well, we aren't going to have any sissy men in this family," my mother declared. "You're going to get some therapy."


***


"Things will work out just fine," my father assured me as he waited for me to exit the car. "Trust me. You'll see."

I looked out at the lodge that he had taken me to, a rustic looking building with a large porch, which served as the retreat of this doctor who was going to give me the therapy that my mother thought I needed.

My father had chosen the doctor, or the psychiatrist, or whatever the guy was, and after I went to this Dr. Barton's office with my parents for a group counseling session it was determined that what I needed was some intense one-on-one sessions with him.

"This will straighten Todd out?" my mother asked the doctor, her eyes brimming with tears as she looked to the doctor for assurance.

"It's worked wonders with many young men," Dr. Barton proclaimed, giving my father a knowing glance that seemed out of place, but the doctor added that while nothing was foolproof, he thought that a weekend with him was just what I needed.

The prospect of spending a weekend with this old coot, who looked like a picture of one of those old presidents - Rutherford B. Hayes maybe - was not my idea of the perfect way to start my summer. A tall, skinny guy with a big bushy beard who looked like he had to be at least old enough for Social Security, he kept looking over the top of his glasses at me with his hands folded, nodding along at everything everyone said during the meeting.

Now I was being dumped off in the middle of nowhere with suitcase in hand, and as my father drove away back down the gravel road, I braced myself for the worst and went up the stairs to the house.

The door opened just as I got to the top of the steps, and in the doorway stood a cute redheaded girl with a big smile.

"You must be Todd," she chirped with a giddiness that I didn't share. "I'm Kyle."

Kyle let me into the house, which looked like some kind of hunting lodge with animal heads all over the walls, and as she did I glanced over at the woman. Kyle was almost my height and rather thin, and I guessed that she was my age or a little older. She was wearing a baggy white short-sleeved blouse and a blue and white plaid skirt, along with knee-high socks, and with her blazing red curly hair she looked like Little Orphan Annie.

I had no idea what or who she was, but I was glad that there was somebody else there so I would have somebody there besides Dr. Barton, who magically appeared as I followed Kyle inside.

"Todd!" Br. Barton exclaimed loudly, greeting me like we were long lost friends or something, and after he wrapped his arms around me and gave me a big bear hug, put his arm around my shoulder and ushered me into an office.

This Kyle girl followed us in and was apparently going to join us, which was alright with me. Anything to break the awkward feeling worked for me, and I was dreading whatever interrogation that this doctor was going to be giving me in order to "cure" me.

Back home, Jimmy Carson was probably getting his cock sucked by somebody, and that somebody could have been me. Trying to get that thought out of my mind, I sat on the couch and tried to pay attention to what this doctor was saying.

"So you've met Kyle already," Dr. Barton asked, and after I nodded he continued. "What do you think of her? Pretty, isn't she."

"Yeah," I replied, and while I guess she was cute enough, she looked a little odd. Her cheekbones or something making her seem a bit off.

"And Kyle, what do you think of Todd?"

"He's really cute," she responded, giggling and cuddling next to me on the couch.

"Kyle here was a confused person too," Dr. Barton said. "Much like yourself. Weren't you, Kyle?"

"Yep," she said. "But not anymore."

"That's right, my dear," Dr. Barton said. "Todd here - well, let's just say that his mother caught him in a very compromising position. Seems she walked in on Todd while he was performing fellatio on a friend of his."

"Bummer!" Kyle said while I felt my face turn crimson in shame. "Getting caught really sucks."

"Did you and your friend do that to each other a lot?" Dr. Barton asked, and I felt Kyle snuggling next to me even closer, her plaid skirt sliding up so that some more of her thigh was revealed.

Her skinny thigh was pale, and there was a sprinkling of fine red hairs on the skin that was exposed between the hem of the skirt and her knee highs. 

"Yeah," I said, feeling a bit aroused by Kyle's closeness. "Well, it was usually me doing it."

"Your friend Jimmy - he didn't reciprocate?" Dr. Barton asked. "He didn't suck your cock as well?"

"Not usually," I lied, because the truth was that he never did, not even willing to touch me, although I had never pressed the issue.

"That's not right," Dr. Barton said. "Is it, Kyle?"

Kyle agreed, and this whole thing started feeling weird to me. What kind of a doctor has some girl snuggling up with their patient, listening and commenting on things? Was she going to cure me? I never had much interest in girls in "that" way, and I didn't see how forcing somebody on me would change that.

"Kyle here - she had a problem a lot like yours, didn't you dear?" Dr. Barton asked. "She's a cocksucker too. Aren't you?"

"Yep!" Kyle said, biting her lower lip and squeezing my thigh.

"Kyle used to suck cocks all the time, and used to feel guilty about it, isn't that right dear?"

"Yes, Dr. Barton," Kyle said.

"But you don't any longer, do you? Feel guilty, I mean."

"No, Dr. Barton."

"And what do you want to do right now?" Dr. Barton asked.

"I want to suck Todd's dick!" Kyle announced, and ran her hand up to the crotch of my pants.

"Hey!" I said, holding her wrist and trying to pull it away.

"Don't you want Kyle to go down on you?" Dr. Barton asked. "She's quite good at it."

"I mean - right here?" I asked.

"Why not?" Dr. Barton said. "We're all friends here. You don't have anything to be ashamed of - or do you? Is that it? Are you ashamed of your penis? Is it because it's small? Your mother suggested that you might not be very well endowed, from glimpses she's had of you over the years."

"No," I answered, and while the doctor was right, why would my mother tell people about the size of my dick, and how did she find out about my secret, which I thought had been well hidden over the years? 

"Kyle doesn't care about that kind of thing. Do you dear?"

"No. I like all dicks - small and big and in-between," Kyle said, her hand finding my dick and squeezing it. 

"Oh!" I groaned as her hand pulled on my boner through the fabric of my slacks.

"It's not so little," Kyle proclaimed. "Todd's dick is hard too."

"Why don't you take his cock out for him?" Dr. Barton suggested. "Let's get a look at it."

I found myself letting Kyle help me to my feet, and as Dr. Barton moved around in his chair I watched Kyle fall to her knees before me and began to undo my belt. The next thing I knew, I was naked below the wait, with my slacks and underwear at my feet and my dick bouncing around in front of me.

"Seems about average," Dr. Barton said as he made notes on a pad. "Perhaps on the lower end of average. What would you say, Kyle? About five inches?"

"Yeah. Maybe a little bigger," Kyle said as she fluffed up the tuft of hair above my arching tool before reaching below my dick and grabbing my nuts.

"I'll put down five and a half inches then," Dr. Barton said.

"Look at Todd's balls," Kyle squealed. "He's got big ones."

"I'll say!" Dr. Barton agreed as he watched Kyle rolling my sac in her hand, kneading the orbs while I squirmed. "Full of semen, I'll wager." 

"Todd's dick is dripping," Kyle chirped excitedly. 

"I see that," Dr. Barton said, and when I looked over at him it seemed like he was playing with himself under the desk.

Everything was happening so fast that despite knowing how crazy this all was, I was enjoying it too much to say anything. Kyle was looking up at me and flicking the drool off of the tip of my dick with her tongue, sending shivers through my entire body, while she continued to churn by balls in her hand.

"You want to ejaculate, don't you Todd?" Dr. Barton asked me, and when I nodded he in turn nodded to Kyle.

Without hesitation, Kyle leaned forward and let her lips slide down my dick, not stopping until her mouth hit my pubes. I felt her tongue doing wonderful things to the underside of my cock as her lips slid back up slowly to the tip.

"Gonna cum," I groaned.

"Hold back," Dr. Barton said sternly, his face as red as my own probably was as he leaned over his desk. "Maintain control."

"Can't!" I cried, and then I felt my orgasm surge through my loins, and as I spurted in Kyle's mouth I tried to pull her off of me, but she hung on to my ass cheeks and let my cum shoot down her throat until I went limp.

"I'm sorry," I whimpered to Kyle, running my hands through her short mop-top of red hair. "Didn't mean to."

"It's okay," Kyle said cheerfully. "You came real good."

"Oh well," Dr. Barton said. "I was hoping you would last longer, but we will work on that. Did Todd cum a lot, Kyle?"

"Yeah!" Kyle said, giving my dick a kiss as it retracted back into the little toadstool it was limp. "He came a lot."

"Would you like to do things to Kyle?" Dr. Barton asked.

"Yeah. I mean, I don't know how to do stuff."

"Never been with a girl?"

"No," I said, embarrassed by my lack of experience in just about everything.

"Why don't you kiss Kyle first, and then see what happens.

Kyle was a couple of inches shorter than I was, so I leaned down and put my lips against hers. How I wished Jimmy had let me do this to him, I thought as our lips met, and as they did Kyle practically attacked me, her tongue darting into my mouth as she jumped into me, furiously kissing me and trying to climb all over me.

"What's wrong, Todd?" Dr. Barton asked as I recoiled a bit from her affection.

"I don't know."

"You wish that Kyle was a boy, don't you?" Dr. Barton asked.

"I - I'm sorry," I told Kyle. "I mean, you're really cute and all, and what you did to me was - awesome. It's just that..."

"Why don't you take Kyle's blouse off for her," Dr. Barton suggested. "Get better acquainted. Perhaps you might change your mind."

I did as Dr. Barton asked, unbuttoning her blouse and pulling it off of her. Kyle was really skinny, and above her bra were a bunch of freckles. She ran her fingers through her hair, exposing her perfectly smooth armpits, which sparkled with a light coating of perspiration

"Feel Kyle's breasts through her bra," Dr. Barton said, and my hands went up and squeeze the little lacy cups.

It felt weird, almost like I was squeezing rubber balls, and Kyle smiled when she saw my reaction.

"Sorry," Kyle said shyly, and then she reached up under the bottom of her bra, pulling out a couple of foam cones.

"That's okay," I said as she tossed the falsies aside, and inwardly I was happy because if she looked like a boy, maybe this would be bearable. I missed the thick tufts of hair that were under Jimmy's arms though.

"No, I mean about fooling you," Kyle said while she reached back and unhooked her bra, letting it slide off of her shoulders.

I did a double take when I saw how flat chested Kyle was. Her chest was just like a boys, and her nipples were not much bigger than my own. Something was wrong here.

"You see, Todd," Dr. Barton said. "Kyle loves to look pretty, but if you check underneath that cute little skirt, I think you'll find that Kyle here is all man."

"Here, Todd," Kyle was saying, taking my hand under the skirt to a sizable bulge in what felt like satiny panties.

Kyle was unzipping his skirt, and the bulge that my hand had been touching arched way over to his hip, the size of the swelling stunning me.

Kyle tugged his panties off, and his cock sprang wildly upon being freed from its confinement, the pale organ fully engorged. As it swayed near my own dick, which had become nearly hard again already, the extreme differences in the sizes of our dick should have been humiliating to me, but it wasn't for some reason.

"Are you made at us?" Kyle asked. "At me?"

"No," I mumbled hypnotized by the ghostly pale cock that had to be over 8" long.

"Do you like my cock?" Kyle asked, and all I could do was nod. "Is it big enough for you? Am I as big as your friend Jimmy?"

"Yes," I gasped, my hand reaching out on its own and touching his cock. "You're even bigger than Jimmy."

"You like the big dicks, don't you Todd?" Kyle asked. "Here. Let's rub our stuff together."

Kyle grabbed my stiff dick and pressed the flesh against his own, the warm skin feeling so good as it mashed together hard. Kyle's dick was drooling now, and the sticky heat only made it better.

"You look marvelous together," Dr. Barton said, and I was startled to hear his voice, having almost forgotten about him. "I think it would be nice if Todd did something to you. Something he wants to do, I'll bet."

Kyle's hand went up to my shoulder, and I knelt in response to the gentle pressure, dropping to my knees to come face to face with Kyle's enormous penis. I had thought Jimmy was big, but Kyle was something else, and I was almost afraid that I wouldn't be able to get my mouth around it. A fear, as it turned out, that was groundless.

"Oh man!" Kyle cried out as my mouth enveloped the bulbous crown of his manhood, and afraid a few seconds I discovered that his firm rubbery cock was just as easy to suck as Jimmy's had been. "Todd's deepthroating me!"

Indeed I was. My nose was grazing the neatly trimmed patch of red curls above his mighty organ as my lips went close to the thick root of his manhood, the pulsating that was going on inside of Kyle resonating in my mouth.

I became possessed, much like I did when I would go down on Jimmy. I could hear Dr. Barton's urging and encouraging me, along with Kyle's groans and moans, but they seemed like distant sounds. All I could hear were the sounds of my wet lips slobbering all over Kyle's cock, as I brought my hands off of his tight ass and began using them on Kyle's long loose nuts sac and the shaft of his weapon.

"He's so fucking good," Kyle gasped as my fist spun and pulled on the stump of his member while my mouth went up and down the rest of him as fast and as hard as I could, and when I saw Kyle's legs bend I braced myself for his cum.

"AW!!" Kyle screamed as he began cumming, and his hot seed came in waves, coating my throat as I tried to keep from gagging on his prodigious load.

I kept Kyle's dick in my mouth as it went limp, returning my hands to his ass while I left his cock in my mouth, swimming with his cum which tasted like buttermilk to me.

"Man, Todd," Kyle was saying. "I love you man. That was the best head I ever got. Your Jimmy is a lucky dude."

Jimmy? Who's Jimmy, I remember thinking as I reluctantly let Kyle pull me off of his cock and up to my feet.

"Bring Todd over to the couch," I heard Dr. Barton say, but he was out of sight when he spoke.

Kyle led me behind the couch and had me lean over the back while he spread my legs with his hands.

"Nice ass," Kyle said as he parted my ass cheeks.

"Beautiful bubble butt," I heard Dr. Barton say, and when I looked up I saw Dr. Barton.

He was naked. His tall, slender body stood on the other side of the couch, and he had his cock in his hand, slowly stroking it as he watched us. His dick was long and skinny, like the rest of him, and he was uncircumsized, the long foreskin sliding with the moving of his fist, exposing the purplish head of his cock.
