 In addition now to our night together, Steve and I shared an interest in fixing up old houses. I've remodeled a few over the years, but nothing as significant as the project Steve had taken on. He talked about it often. It was a big old home in the middle of a little town. It even had a carriage house he'd turned into a rental. The home itself was big, with 5 bedrooms and as many bathrooms, a big dining room and lots of extra living space. I had never been there but always wanted to see it. 

As luck, or destiny, had it, his house was located along my drive home from one of the company sites where we both frequently worked. We we're working at that site at the same time one week. He'd arrived on Monday and was leaving Thursday. I had arrived on Wednesday and was leaving Friday morning. So, we grabbed a quick drink together on Wednesday evening. During or chat, he mentioned some renovations he'd just completed. 

'I just finished the master suite,' he said. 'It now has a walk-in closet and ensuite bathroom with a big shower. I'm still working on a few other things, like finishing the basement as a rec room. But it's almost where I want it.'

'I'd live to see it some day. It sounds incredible,' I said hoping to score an invitation at some point. 

'How long are you here this week?' he asked. 

'I'm here until Friday morning, then headed home, ' I said. 

'Stop by on your way home! I'm headed home tomorrow, but working from home Friday. I'll be there all day. Let me know when you leave here and I'll be ready for you.'

'Ok, I'd love to see what you've done with the place. I'll definitely stop by,' I said. 

'Great! Sounds like a plan. I've got a few things I'd like to show you, maybe some things you haven't thought about before or at least maybe see things differently,' he said with a subtle slyness. 

I wasn't sure what he meant. Maybe I was reading into his comments more than I should. But for now, it was off to bed and back to work the next day. 

He left early Thursday morning so we didn't see each other. I thought about his 'seeing things differently' comment all day. Friday morning rolled around. I finished work and decided to get on the road. I sent a quick text to Steve that I was leaving. He replied, 'See you soon, looking forward to showing you a few things.' That seemed an odd way of responding, but again I figured I was reading into it more than I should. 

The drive took about two hours. I didn't have any trouble finding his house. It really was the biggest in town. His Mercedes was parked in the driveway so that confirmed it for me. I pulled in the driveway and walked to the front door. It was a grand entranceway suitable for the old house. I rang the doorbell and he opened the door. He was wearing jeans and a t-shirt. I was still dressed for work at the office. He complimented me on my shirt selection saying 'it looks really good on you.' I liked that for some reason. It relaxed me some, although I didn't know until that moment that I was actually a little tense. 

He invited me in. We chatted about work and then he said, 'Enough with that, are you ready to see things?'

'Of course! Already what I've seen is incredible. I love the place.'

'There's a lot more to see,' he said. 'Follow me.'

We started in the kitchen which had recently been updated. He has a clear style and it all looked good together. We toured the first floor seeing everything. We walked by a closed door and he said, 'That goes to the basement. It's going to be a rec room but it's still a work in progress so maybe you can come back when it's finished.' 

'Sounds good,' I said. 

'Let's go upstairs. Lot's to see up there,' he said and I followed. 

We toured all of the bedrooms, each nicely furnished, eventually finding our way to the master bedroom. 

'This is the master bedroom,' he said opening the door. 'This is where the magic happens.'

I laughed and he said, 'Where I get my beauty sleep, of course. What did you think I meant?'

Nervously I said, 'Oh, nothing, one can just interpret that a number of ways.'

He smiled and continued the tour. 

The room was large with a big king bed that sat up higher than average. That made it fit the room better. It had high corner posts and looked to be 100 years old. 

We worked our way to the master bathroom which was equally grand. Dual vanities. Lots of natural stone elements. A large soaking tub and a large shower, big enough for probably four people. The shower had two heads, one on each end. 

'This is really where the magic happens,' he said with a sly smile. He saw I wasn't sure how to take his comment and he laughed. Then he pointed to the various soaps and moisturizers in the shower niche and said, 'Geez! Your mind is in the gutter.'

I wasn't sure how to respond. He seemed to be toying and flirting with me and I was ok with it. 

As we left the bathroom, we went into a large walk-in closet. It was huge, bigger than my bedroom. It had custom built in shelves, an island in the middle with drawers all around it. And a big three way mirror like they would have in a tailor's shop.

We walked around as he showed me the cabinetry and well placed lighting. I paused by the mirrors and made a joke about needing some new clothes as I jokingly primped. 

'The key to style,' he said, is knowing who you are and what fits you. Stand there for a second. Look at yourself.' He adjusted the lights so only the lights over the mirror bay were on, then he sat down in a chair behing me in the shadows. 

'What do you see?' he asked. 

'Umm... a pretty uncomfortable guy looking at himself in the mirror for some odd reason.' I jokingly replied trying to ease myself. 

'Seriously...' he pressed. 

'I don't know. A guy in his 50s with a few extra pounds,' I reluctantly said. 

'Keep going...' he encouraged. 

'A guy that has a successful career, house, a beautiful wife and a lot of other good things struggling to keep up.'

'And yet you're here now and we got together a few weeks ago?' 

'Well... I was curious was all. Just wanted to see what it would feel like.'

'Ok. That was then and you are here now.' He continued to press me from the shadows where he sat. I couldn't really see him because of the lights over the mirror made the rest of the room dark for my eyes. 'You're not seeing yourself for who you are yet,' he said. 

'Ok, this is a little weird and getting a little deep,' I said as I tried to deflect his comment. 

I started to walk away from the mirror and he said, 'No, see yourself for who you are. You're not doing that. You're hiding behind an image you've created and others' expectations..'

'Don't we all?' I asked. 

'To some degree, yes.' He said. 'So, you need to see yourself as you really are.'

'Of course, but that's always hard to do.'

'Take your clothes off.'

'What? No...'

'Yes. Take your clothes off right now. See yourself without all the packaging.'

I stood there for what seemed like a forever under the bright lights, with shadows behind me, in a closet, in front of three mirrors. I thought about my life, my curiosity, why I was there at all. What had brought me here? He said nothing. I began to undress. He said nothing, still. Now I stood there naked looking at myself. I forgot he was there until after several minutes he said, 'Now what do you see?' It startled me at first. 

'Still the same 50s guy but now the extra pounds are obvious,' I said in an attempt to deflect and relax the situation. I started to realize I was emotionally and physically exposed. The power shift from that vulnerability was beginning to arouse me and I couldn't hide that fact. 

'Why are you getting hard?' he asked. 

'I don't know. I feel exposed. I feel like you're seeing the real me. I feel vulnerable.'

'You like feeling vulnerable?'

'Can't really deny that right now, now can I?'

'You're just in here, in my closet, nothing to feel vulnerable about.'

'Well, that's just it. You're in MY closet now and I'm just realizing that's where I am.'

'I see.'

I was flashing back to the night Steve and I first hooked up when I was standing in the hotel bathroom looking at myself naked. I wondered then how that night would change me. I was beginning to see at that point what was happening to me as my sexuality was awakening. 

'No need to come out of that closet yet. We can play together in here for awhile.'

'What do you mean?'

'This is our secret. It's for you to decide when you come out. It's a personal thing anyway. No one needs to know if you don't want them to. Beside, there's still a lot to explore. Wow...You're pretty hard!'

'Well, yes.'

'Let me watch you play with yourself.'

'What? Now?'

'Yes. Pretend I'm not here if you want.'

'It's more arousing knowing you're here.'

'Then stroke yourself for me. Slowly,' he insisted, 'don't come.'

I followed his instructions. I stood there, under the light, stroking myself as he watched from the shadows.

'You seeing what I'm seeing? He asked.

'Umm... What?

'You're homosexual. We got together before. Now you're here. Why?'

I heard some movement behind me and then could see he was moving his chair into the light. He positioned it in front of me and then sat down. He was still dressed, but his cock was hard and pressing against his jeans. 

'Keep stroking yourself but get on your knees.'

I complied. 

'Unzip my pants and stroke me.'

His cock sprung out of its confinement as soon as i unzipped his jeans and pulled down his underwear. It was as I had remembered. 

'I want you to suck me. Forget about everything else. Just be here right now. Look at yourself in the mirrors all around you. See yourself? What does that look like?'

'I'm just curious..'

'Just curious? Does that look curious?

'No'

So if you're not curious, what are you?'

'A homosexual.'

'Exactly. Our secret. Now take me in your mouth.'

I immediately went down on him. He grabbed my head and guided me up and down. He gave me instructions on exactly what to do. There I was, naked, bobbing up and down and taking every bit of him that I could. I would catch glimpses of myself in the mirrors and it would make me even more eager to service him. 

'You're going to swallow.'

Breathlessly I protested, 'I don't think I'm ready for that.'

'Look at yourself. You're going to swallow it.'

I looked in the mirror. I saw my face and his cock wet with my saliva. I saw my hair messed up from his hands driving my head down on his cock. I saw my own cock hard from the heady mixture of sexual awakening and vulnerability. 'I am homosexual,' I thought to myself, and I was going make him cum in my mouth. I returned my attention to his cock. 

'You see it now, don't you? he asked. 

'Yes,' I mumbled as I sucked his cock. 

'What do you see?'

'Who I really am.'

'And...?'

'It feels right.'

With that, I felt him flood my mouth with his semen. The warmth filled every space and found a path down my throat. He held my head down until I swallowed it all. 

'You see...? No straight guy would do that sober,' he said as he caught his breath. 'Now finish yourself as I watch and you watch yourself in the mirror.'

I stroked myself to orgasm as he watched me. I felt and tasted his semen in my mouth. I came hard kneeling in front of him, and then laid back on the floor. The only lights on were the bright lights overhead above the mirror. I heard him walk away and return with a warm wash cloth to clean me up. 

'Are you beginning to see yourself for who you really are?' He asked. 

'Yes.'

'And...?'

'It's frightening and exciting.'

'You see? I told there were things I wanted to show you that maybe you hadn't thought of before.' He said. 

We finished by showering together. As I was leaving he said, 'This is our secret. You can trust me. I'll see you at the office. When the rec room is finished maybe you can come back.'

'Sounds like a plan, I'd like that.'

'Oh, I'm sure you'll like the rec room,' he said with a smile before closing my car door and sending me down the road.