 We sat side-by-side on his couch wearing only our gym shorts. Without air conditioning his apartment was uncomfortably hot and it made sense when he said we'd be cooler if we took off our shirts.

I wasn't naïve, I knew he was trying to seduce me but I figured I'd put a stop to it once I felt it had gone too far. Besides, ever since we met he showered me with praise and attention and I liked it.

He put his arm around me and stroked my shoulders. He had a soft touch and his hand had a soothing effect on me. When he began caressing my breasts and pinching my nipples I felt my penis begin to respond, and wondered if it was time to stop him.

Then he began stroking the flesh on my thighs and my penis became fully erect.

"Ah, Tim...I don't think we should go any further...." I said softly, and reluctantly.

His hand never stopped moving. He ran it under the wide leg band of my shorts all the way up to my bikini briefs. He furtively squeezed my cock through my briefs then removed his hand from me altogether.

Suddenly, he took hold of my hand and guided it to his crotch and pressed it against his erection. He held it there; I felt incredible heat coming from his groin. My breath caught in my throat. His cock was definitely longer than mine, and thicker, too.

"Johnny," he whispered in my ear. "Play with it for me...do for me what you did for that stranger you told me about."

The night before, Tim had taken me to a bar and bought me shots of tequila. We had a great time but I lost count of how many shots we'd had. Then we got to talking personal stuff and he asked me if I'd ever had sex with a guy before. That's when I broke down and told him about my one and only gay experience.

I said about a year ago I became curious and after the bars closed, I went to a park where guys went to meet other guys, if you know what I mean.

Well, I met someone and we went to his apartment. After a glass of wine and a few tokes from a joint, he got me out of my clothes and had me kneeling on the end of his bed. I knew what he wanted to do and I didn't stop him.

I felt him pour oil between my asscheeks and his fingers gently worked it into my flesh. When his oily finger pressed against my anus I started, but said nothing, and he pushed it further inside me. His wet finger felt pretty good inside my rectum.

I held my breath when I felt him press his cockhead against me. He slowly pushed it past my sphincter and had about two inches of his hard cock inside me when I asked him to stop.

"I can't do this," I said. "It's too big—I can't take it." There wasn't any pain, just a feeling of pressure, of being incredibly full.

He pulled out of me and swore, "Why the fuck did you come here if you weren't going to go through with it?"

That was a good question, I thought. Why did I do this?

He was angry as he collapsed on the sofa and wrapped a towel around his still-hard prick.

"Are you going to leave me like this?" he asked incredulously, looking down at the bulge in the towell. "You could at least give me a handjob."

I had to admit he was right. I didn't want to be a prick-tease and leave him in that condition so I sat next to him, and with the towel still draped around his cock, I stroked his cock until he came in the towel.

I think about that night quite a bit: I would have masturbated him without the towel, if he'd wanted me to, and, well, if he had been more aggressive and had told me to take his cock in my mouth--I think I would have done that, too.

"I'll make it easier for you," Tim said then leaned over and turned off the lamp. 

In total darkness, Tim put his arm around me and pulled me close to him. I felt his hot breath in my ear then his tongue. My body jerked as he tongued my ear. Then his hand gripped my hard prick through my shorts.

"I know you love this," he said.

He shifted on the sofa; I felt his weight lift then settle again. It sounded like he'd removed his shorts. Then his impatient hands hooked into the waistband of my shorts and briefs and he tugged them down. I lifted my hips to help him.

Our naked thighs were now touching and I groaned out loud when he wrapped his fingers around my shaft.

He took my hand in his and pressed it to his cock.

"Just do what I do," he whispered in my ear.

I held his cock and began a slow stroking motion like his hand was doing to me. It felt wonderful; not only his hand on my prick, but my hand on his, as well. It had been a long, long time since someone besides me touched my cock.

He kissed my cheek then turned my head and we pressed our lips together. His lips were soft and warm. I liked kissing him. We were both good kissers.

His open hand caressed my balls then traveled upward over the length of my cock. I did the same for him. I loved his smooth, soft warmth.

When he took hold of my shaft and began pumping it in earnest—I did the same for him.

Soon, we gave off constant moans of pleasure; our kissing became more frantic, our tongues searched deeply into each others' mouths.

My head was floating in the clouds as I stroked his stiff cock. 

Suddenly, his hand moved faster and I followed his lead. We grunted and groaned then cried out in unison when our balls erupted and cum flowed out of our cocks. Our thighs and hands were soaked with semen.

I had lost my breath—it was one of the most fantastic orgasms I'd ever experienced, and it was only a handjob. I began to think that moving to this town may have been the best decision I ever made.

Tim turned on the lamp and we surveyed the mess we made. Thick pools of cum coated our thighs.

"C'mon," he said, taking me by the hand. "Let's go clean up."

On the way to his bathroom I finally felt free. Moving a thousand miles from my home town was the right thing to do. I'd only been here a couple weeks and already I had friendly new co-workers and I met Tim, my neighbor, who as it turned out, is gay. 

My family and friends back home were perplexed and distressed that I wanted to leave there.

"Why are you going way down there? You don't know anyone there!" they all said.

BINGO! I don't know anyone here! I was finally free to explore and maybe discover who I really am with no fears that everyone I knew may not approve. I wanted to live life on my terms—not theirs.

The only obstacle in my way now was my own mind. If I was unhappy with who I was, now was the time to experiment and be open to new ideas. I had to fight my fears and prejudices and force myself to try new things. 

And sex was a major area of concern for me. I'd been with a few girls, but it never seemed right or comfortable. I was curious what it would be like to be with another guy, but that was not an option considering the reaction of family and friends to homosexual people.

Yes, I'll say it—I moved a thousand miles because I wanted to experiment having sex with guys. Does that make me a bad person?

Tim wet two wash cloths and gave me one of them.

"Here," he said, "we'll clean each other."

I stared at his dangling penis as I ran the cloth over his thighs and pubic hair. Even soft it was two inches longer than mine. I have a small dick, about four inches when it's hard, and I had guessed from the feel of his erection in my hand he was at least six inches long.

As far back as I remember, I was always fascinated with cocks. Whenever I saw pornographic photos of guys and girls together, while my friends made comments about the girls, I always stared at the hard cocks of the guys. 

When my friends made lewd comments about how great it would be if those girls were sucking their cocks, I fantasized about being the one who did the sucking.

I felt that all I needed was a patient and aggressive guy who would take charge and teach me what I needed to know on how to make a guy happy. I was very lucky I met Tim.

He has a wonderful personality and he's a great looking guy with a better-than-average body. I already knew in the gay world there were aggressive guys—dominant-types like Tim, and guys like me—shy, and submissive.

I decided right then and there that I would do whatever Tim wanted me to do. I didn't want to look too desperate or needy, and, I don't want to be too faggoty either, you know, the flaming, swishy type.

Still in the bathroom, Tim took me in his arms and we kissed. I wasn't sure what to say, or what was expected of me. 

I mumbled something like, "I guess I better get going..."

Tim was two inches taller than me and he smiled as he stared down in my eyes then said, "No, I want you in my bed tonight..."

My heart skipped a beat and I didn't say a word as he led me to his bedroom. We were still naked and it felt like the most natural thing in the world to be naked with another guy. I watched his limp cock sway from side-to-side as we walked hand-in-hand to his bed.

He guided me to lie on my back; he lay on top of me; I instinctively spread my legs and threw my arms around him. We kissed and stroked each other a long time. I felt his penis grow hard—it bumped against my own hardness.

"Should I turn out the light?" he asked.

There was a small bedside lamp. I answered, "No, I want to see you..."

He chuckled as he placed his knees on either side of my chest and moved forward until his beautiful cock was inches from my face.

He adjusted the pillow on which my head was resting. His hardness was now pointing directly at my mouth.

"Kiss it for me, Johnny...I want to feel your lips and tongue...."

I breathed deeply; the aroma from his musky manhood made my head spin. I didn't have to lean forward too much for my lips to come into contact with a man's cock for the very first time. 

I wasn't shy or tentative at all. I covered his cock with full kisses; I ran my tongue up-and-down his length. My head swooned with delight; his cockflesh was soft and smooth and my lips and tongue couldn't get enough of him.

"Wet your lips and put them around my cock...suck my cock, Johnny."

His lewd words made my cock throb. We'd only met a few days before but he already sensed I was a boy who would eagerly obey a strong-willed man.

This moment confirmed all my previous suspicions—cast aside any and all doubts that I was a 'sub'--a 'bottom'--and my deepest craving was to service and please men. 

I wanted him to teach me how to please him; how to be the best cocksucker I could be. My greatest desire was to elicit moans and groans of pleasure from him and my goal—the ultimate prize I valued the most--would be his wonderful cock shooting loads of cum into my mouth. I fantasized about swallowing his cum.

He was gentle and gave me explicit instructions on how he liked to be sucked. I followed all of his advice. 

It thrilled me when he moaned and thrust his cock deeper into my mouth. His every groan of pleasure was a personal triumph for me—I was doing it right—my newly-acquired cocksucking skills were bringing him to the brink of orgasm. 

It startled me when his groans suddenly became loud and he cried out: "OOOHHHH-GOD—JOHNNY----I'M CUMMMMINNGGGGGGGGGG...."

I wasn't fully prepared for the massive amount of cum his balls shot into my mouth. I swallowed most of it, but several strands of his thick creaminess dribbled down my chin and neck.

When his penis began to deflate in my mouth I cleaned it with my lips and tongue.

His panting and gasping for air signaled to me that he enjoyed my efforts. 

"Good God, Johnny---that was fantastic!" he said through smiling lips.

My heart leapt with joy. I had never felt so proud of myself in my entire life.

Yes, I thought, I was definitely going to love my new city and my brand new life.

Curiosity

            By B.J. Michaels