 This is the actual story of my first gay experience. The names have been changed, but everything else is as it happened. I hope you enjoy!

*****

All my life, I'd always considered myself straight. Lots of girlfriends, lots of complements on my looks and plenty of opportunity to get naked with the "fairer" sex. 

Also, a healthy appetite for porn. It was probably the whole taboo of it which made it such naughty fun, but isn't that the way it usually goes? Then, one day I got caught up in a porn which ended up being a shemale/chick with a dick. I was mesmerized watching it. I realized I was also hard enough to cut glass. I'd always found stockings and thigh-highs and basically every other form of hosiery sexy. 

But, here was a dude wearing them, and it was seriously turning me on. I moved on to other kinds of gay porn. Twinks, bears, muscle, you name it. I found it hot! 

I had heard of live webcam sites of the roulette variety. Just out of curiosity, I turned it on one day while I was sitting at my desk. There were cocks EVERYWHERE. Most were stroking or in different stages of nakedness, but seldom saw faces. On my days off, I found myself drawn to the webcam chat sites. Soon, I was bringing my laptop into my bedroom, wearing jockstraps, thongs and sometimes even boxer-briefs. Usually, finding someone who really wanted to take control of the situation had me playing with a toy and reaching climax.

On one of these days, I "met" a man from my state. After some nervous (on my part—he was cool as the underside of my pillow) conversation, we realized we lived all of 15 minutes from each other. What are the odds? After discussing our likes and turn-ons, I knew EXACTLY what I was going to do. This was happening. THAT very morning. He gave me his address and told me to get there as soon as I could. I was shaking with anticipation! I was going to have my first experience.

I managed to settle down enough to get in the shower, washing all the important parts. Then, I got a fresh razor and shaved my balls, the base of my cock and the space leading up to and surrounding my backside. THAT part was tricky, but crouching down, I was actually able to shave that uber delicate location. I got out of the shower, got my trimmer and groomed up the magic triangle. O.K., the mons pubis if you want to go by anatomy & physiology terms. Realizing I had some small hairs, I actually grabbed my vacuum, pulled off the hose attachment and "cleaned" the area. Hey, they do it in barbershops, so why not here? 

Next came the wardrobe. I decided my sheer, gold thong would do nicely. I have long enjoyed the sensual nature of a proper fitting thong. This was especially true today. I would tell myself it was great for golfing and wearing underneath cargo shorts on a hot day, but I really just enjoyed the feel. I have always had a nicely shaped ass and, as a result, always liked to wear jeans which showed off its shape. I slipped on my pair of "max butt show-off," skin-tight Levis, a pair of black driving moccs and a grey polo t-shirt. 

I put "Bill's" address in my phone and began my nervous drive to his house. 

Arriving slightly less than 15 minutes later, I climbed the steps to Bill's townhouse. Knocking on the door, Bill answered and invited me in. As I could tell from our webcam chat session, Bill was a bit taller than me, slender like me and was a bit older than me as evidenced by the salt & pepper in his hair. We had about 30 seconds of small talk when I suddenly felt his hand on my shoulder, turning me around so I was facing the wall between his kitchen and living room. I was thinking "what the..." Then I felt his lips on my neck and his hands around my waist. Pulling me into him, he nibbled on my earlobe and kissed down my neck. I instantly felt a stirring in my tight jeans. He started grinding his crotch against my butt allowing me to feel his own state of stiffness. Almost instinctively, I reached my hands around and pulled him by his ass harder into me and ground my own butt back into him. About 30 seconds of this and I was ready to take the bull by his horn! I turned around and faced him, slipped off my driving moccs and put my foot on the back of his calf, pulling him even more snugly into me. Pushing me against the wall, he continued his assault on my neck—which was quite honestly driving me wild! His hands roaming, squeezing my ass and slipping underneath my t-shirt. I'm not entirely sure what I said, but it was something to the effect of wanting to put him in my mouth.

I dropped to my knees, undid his belt, unzipped his zipper. There was no going back now, I was going to do this. Pulling down his boxer briefs, I was greeted by a nice, swollen cock. It was probably 7," not overly thick but somehow looked like the best toy I had ever gotten to play with. I slipped the head between my lips, letting my tongue do a couple circles around the tip. He sighed/moaned, letting me know things were going well! Before I knew it, I had his length in my mouth. He pulled me down harder on him, causing me to gag. Somehow, I pushed through it, and started slowly bobbing up and down on his cock. 

My favorite trick an experienced girlfriend did to me was where after my cock was slick with her spit, she would look up at me and slowly suck the length of my cock into her mouth until I was buried all the way inside her. She would repeat this until I was ready to explode! 

Bill apparently thought this was amazing also. Rearing his head back, he hit the wall with the back of his head. "Mmm. Let's go into my bedroom." Said Bill.

Pulling off my t-shirt, I began pulling of the rest of my clothes. i.e., my really tight jeans. He sat on the bed as I was fumbling with getting my pantlegs off my feet when I felt a slight sting and a slap on my ass. I turned around and he had a smile on his face. "Nice ass" he said. This was going really well. 

He climbed in his bed and told me to spin around. I did a slow turn, allowing him to take in my slender physique. I was plenty excited, which wasn't lost on him noting the small wet spot at the tip of my cock on my thong. Peeling it off, I climbed in bed with Bill and was greeted by my first gay kiss. I don't know about anyone else, but someone who is a good kisser seems to set the table for me in terms of a seriously hot session. Needless to say, I was NOT disappointed. Our kissing started off with him crawling on top of me and my feet finding a home on the back of his calves. This was apparently agreeable to him as his kisses became more energetic before working his way down my body to a nipple. Sucking one, pinching the other. I was astounded by how much I was turned on. This was only a temporary detour as he moved south to find my own engorged 5.5" This time, it was my turn for a bit of oral pleasure! Taking me in his mouth, I was treated to an AMAZING blowjob. I was in heaven!! Then he stopped. I realized he had a pillow and had me lift my butt off the bed, sliding the pillow under my ass. Still stroking, my hard shaft, I felt something warm and slippery on my ass. Another first! I was being rimmed. OMG! That was hot. I realized I was going to cum before too long and told him as much. 

He smiled and stopped, sliding up alongside me and asked me how I liked it so far. I told him (truthfully) it was like NOTHING I'd experienced before. Running his hand up my leg and squeezing a cheek, he asked me how far I wanted to go. I was really, REALLY horned up and badly wanting to see what the other side was really like and told him as much. That brought a smile to his face! I wanted to feel him balls deep, but I also wanted to play safe. Rolling onto my stomach, I lifted my butt and told him if he had, protection he had my cherry! As if on cue, he pulled open his night stand, pulled out a familiar condom box and a bottle of something called "Gun Oil." It was on! 

Having me lay flat on my stomach again, he pumped a couple squirts around my opening and started making circles. I felt another couple squirts and a slight pressure as he slipped me a digit. Another couple squirts and I was wondering if he was going to use the whole bottle on me. More gentle but firm pressure and he slipped past my second ring. I gasped, prompting him to ask me if I was alright. I most certainly was better than alright. I looked over and saw his dong and began stroking him. He quickly became hard again. Then he asked me if I was ready to try. "mmmmmm-hmmmmm" was my emphatic reply. I watched him rip open the condom wrapper and slip it on, backward. He was apparently in a hurry and quickly turned it around. I smiled, wondering how many times I'd done that very thing, myself! Pinching the tip of the condom, he rolled it all the way to the base and got behind me.

"Get on all fours" he ordered, before I knew it, I did as he said. Wow. I kinda liked that. I felt the head of his cock sliding up and down along my hole. More lube on me, then some on him. I felt him penetrate me past my first ring, then my second. I felt him slide a little further inside and stop.

"Still alright?" He asked? "Oh, yeah!" I replied. He planted a foot right by my knee on the bed, grabbed my waist with one hand and my shoulder with the other. He then slid effortlessly the rest of the way inside me as I felt his hips against my ass and the strange sensation of his balls bumping against mine. He didn't have one of those enormous porn cocks, but I sure felt filled. He backed about half way out and pushed back in. This was absolutely amazing. I was getting fucked and I LOVED it! I decided to put my head down, keeping my ass up.

"You're so fucking hot" was his reaction. He went from a slow bump to some serious thrusting, pulling almost all the way out and slamming back into me. I got the feeling he was going to finish here. Not quite. He stopped, got off the bed, then pulled me by my foot to the edge of the bed and told me to get on my back. Um, O.K. Again, doing as he said, he took my feet and braced them on his chest. 

His cock found its familiar place at the opening to my ass where he promptly resumed porking me. This had a different feeling, though. He was hitting something he didn't hit before. Although my cock was only partially engorged, I started feeling like I was going to cum. "I think I'm going to cum" I told him. "Oh, you're going to cum" was his reply with a devilish smile. He started pumping into me faster and harder. All of a sudden, a monster orgasm overtook me! I was cumming and he wasn't even touching my cock! A couple seconds later, he slammed against me and I felt him pulsing inside me! "FUCK!" He shouted. Climbing into bed, his cock still in the condom, he told me it was "fucking amazing." 

After a bit of cleanup and a shower, I was on my way back home.