 I walked down the road quickly, people were staring at me and judging me. But fuck them, I loved it, what just happened to me was intense and I loved it. 

This is a true story about how I ended up walking down a busy high street in Hull in a flowery bra and covered in cum. But first, some context....

I've always considered myself a heterosexual, nothing turns me on more than a nice pair of tits, however I've always had a fascination with cocks, and cum!

When I was younger I had a friend (who is now openly gay!), we used to touch each other's cocks, get each other hard, but nothing more. I've never found men attractive, however I've always wondered how it would be to be a woman, taking a cock and pleasing a man.

So one day I decided to make a move, I created an online profile and started meeting men, initially just to be naked with them, but then naked turned to wanking, wanking to sucking, and so on. I'm by no means an expert but I get horny incredibly easily, and am willing to please.

So one day, I thought hard about what it would be like to please more than one man. It was a coincidence that at the same time I was experimenting with dressing up in women's underwear, a little floral bra, pink panties that could barely contain my raging hard on, and a set of stockings and suspenders. As a young (20), slim and fit guy, it's relatively easy to find these items, so I got them and posted an advert online, that I was a submissive slut who was looking to be gangbanged, and that I would travel anywhere local to be banged.

Within minutes I was flooded with replies, but one caught my eye, a guy who had two friends already coming around who could help me with my fantasy. I spoke to him for an hour or so, before agreeing to meet them at his house. I knew this sort of thing had its risks, but the risk turned me on, anonymous internet sex was for me!

I got dressed into my lingerie and put on a pair on trackies and a black T shirt, you could see that I was wearing a bra underneath but that was a little bit of a turn on for me too. I got in my car and drive for 20 or so minutes and parked up just down the road from where he lived, on a busy residential street in Hull and sat in my car until it was about 4.10 in the afternoon, just before the agreed time. My heart was racing at the thought of what was about to happen. I got out of the car and walked up the road, my thong was well and truly seated in my butt, making it a little uncomfortable to walk, but so is the life of a slut. 

I knocked three times on the door. It opened and a young man in his early 20's opened it, he had short brown hair and was quite tall. "Are you here for the thing" he said. "I'm Dom, and here to serve you" I replied with a stammer.

"Come on in buddy, I'm Tim, if you go though the kitchen there's a bathroom where you can freshen up, and head upstairs when you're ready, the guys are up there with condoms and lube, we all got tested this week though so no need to worry"

I walked through towards the kitchen, and Tim shouted to me "Dom, by the way, this is where the formalities end, you call us all sir, and we call you slut, Paul is pretty big on it and has saved up a load for tonight so I suggest you do as you're told"

"Yes sir!" I screeched

I went into the bathroom and stripped off, revealing my stockings and suspenders and bra, I freshened myself up and took a deep breath. I walked towards the stairs and through the door. In front of me was a sight to behold.

Tim was stood up, completely naked nursing his cock. He had a well formed body, with his washboard stomach taking centre stage, I looked at his appendage, a relatively thin cock of about 6 inches and growing, with a shiny mushroom head on the end. "Hello" I said sheepishly. "Right you slut, that's Al" I looked to my left and lay on the bed spread eagled was Alan, he was a little older, maybe 30, and was round but not fat, with a tremendous 7 inch, and very thick, cock, he was watching the straight porn on the TV, a girl with huge tits was being piledriven by a hung guy. I looked up and saw another man, fully clothed stood by the window.

"And that's Paul" said Tim assertively. Paul turned around, he was an older gentleman and said in a raspy northern voice "Look at this little pussy, reckon you can satisfy us all eh?"

He stepped towards me and put his hand on my head and pushed me to my knees. "Where you belong boy, get it down and get it out" I unzipped his flies and pulled out a beast, an uncut 5 inches of pure man mean, thick, veiny and not even hard yet!! I grasped it with my hand and began to toss him off.

"Get it hard in your mouth you cunt" he said as he slapped my face with his cock. I put his flaccid member in my mouth and swirled around it with my tongue, creating plenty of saliva to mix with his pre cum. I sucked of the end of his cock, pulling his forskin as long as it would go, then sticking my tongue down it to tickle the end, making him gasp. I took it all in my mouth as it got harder. 

"Give us a go, let's see what he's got" said Tim. Paul obligingly withdrew and began to get naked. I took Tims big cock into my mouth and began to gently suck him and work his shaft. "Mmmmm sluts got skills, but I prefer it this way" he said as he grabbed he head and shoved his cock into the back of my throat. I gagged as he withdrew and did it again, faster and faster until he was fucking my face at some speed. "The little fucker loves it" said Alan "Gis a go". I looked down as my cock was getting harder and harder in my panties. Alan walked over to me and just stood in front of me, he put his balls in my mouth and I sucked them, licking all the way up his shaft and really going to town on him. Tim and Paul stood either side, wanking. "Cmon please us all" said Paul

I grabbed both their cocks and started to wank them whilst sucking Alan, then alternated as the three of them surrounded me. "Mmmmmmm that's it boy slut, suck your masters cocks, there's more to come yet" said Paul as he yanked me to my feet and pushed me onto the bed on my back, and lifting up my legs pulled my thong to one side. "Look at that, hairless and tight, that's a rarity boys" he spat onto my rosebud and pressed a finger against it. He had chunky fingers and it hurt as he pushed his finger into me. I gasped. "Oh just relax and take it boy".

Al kneeled on the bed and said "Look at those boy tits, ripe for a fucking" He kneeled over me and put his cock under my bra and between my pecs and started pumping furiously. "Right Tim, get him started" said Paul. Within seconds I felt the sensation in my ass change. Tims hard cock was pressed against my ass. "With pleasure" said Tim as he pushed against my hole. There was a little pain, but then it popped and he was in. "He tight, lets get him going" said Tim. He began pumping faster and faster, deeper and deeper, filling my ass with his ample cock.

Al was having the time of his life, titfucking my pecs. Paul pushed him off the pulled me on an angle across the bed so that my head was hanging over. "Take it deep now slut" he said as he put his cock in my mouth and pushed it to the back of my throat, making me gag and salivate incredibly. I was being spitroasted and loved it!! Both guys were hammering away, and pre cum/saliva mix was dripping down my face!! Tim withdrew and Alan began to try to insert his cock into me. "Fucking hell thats tight, I'll need a run up" he withdrew and in one swoop crammed his cock into my ass, there was sudden searing pain, followed by pleasure. I tried to scream but Paul crammed his cock down my throat, stifling it. "Not now fucker, only speak when spoken to faggot" he said as I burbled. "Let's got for something different, Tim, 69 this fucker, I'm going for his ass"

I inhaled heavily as I knew what was coming, Paul was going to have no mercy, Alan withdrew and Tim knelt above me, for the first time he pulled out my cock and it felt amazing!! "He's a big boy, I'm going to enjoy this" he said. "Me too" chuckled Paul "No rubber for this slut, I'm filling him up with my 3 day seed". He rubbed some lube on my hole and I braced for impact. At the same time Tim put his cock into my mouth and said "get a pillow under his head to keep it up, Al you need to give me some"

Alan grabbed me by the back of my head and forced two pillows under it, pushing me further into Tims penis.

Tim began sucking me, and for a few seconds it was ecstasy!! Then I felt more pain in my ass that before, Paul was in and jack-hammering away, deep and hard. All of a sudden I felt something of my hair. Alan was above me, about to insert into Tim. He began to fuck him above me, it felt like the room was spinning!!!! I didn't know where to look.

I felt my ass getting sorer and sorer as Paul hammered away. "I'm gonna cum" he screeched and with one huge thrust he exploded his load into my ass, moaning and grunting as he finished. He pulled out and I felt the warm cum dripping out of my hole. "I'm not letting this cunt waste a drop, I'll get the glass" Tim had stopped sucking me and was moaning as Al was fucking him, he withdrew his cock from my mouth saying "I'll save it for the finale, Al you know what to do"

Tim shifted his weight forward so Als balls were smothering my nose as he hammered Tims ass. "Fucking yesssssssssss" Al moaned as he came in Tims ass, he withdrew after the first huge squirt and proceeded to dump the rest on my face, in my eyes and in my hair. It felt amazing to have his warm, thick sticky load on my face.

I'd barely got a chance to get to grips with what had just happened when I felt my cheeks being spread "Push it out slut, get all that cum out of your ass" said Paul. I squeezed and the cum came flowing out into the glass that he had put under my hole, he scooped what was left in my crack into the glass. At the same time Tim squeezed his ass and farted what was left of Als cum onto my face. "Kneel you cunt, let's finish this" said Paul.

I obliged and knelt in the room, once again facing three huge cocks. Tim was furiously wanking and was incredibly quick to cum all over my face, but mostly on my nose and lips. He shook the last of his cum off before Paul and Al appeared "get it all off them" Al said still aggressively, as I took the two semi flaccid cocks into my mouth, tasting the salty cum from them both. "And now the cherry on the top" said Paul. He tipped the glass of his cum that had been pushed out of my ass over my face, it was colder but it was just so hot!!! "Perfect" said Tim "now pose for one for the album". I head the snap of a camera phone shutter. "Insurance" said Al as he chuckled. I was panting intensely and didn't know what to do with myself. "Don't worry I'll send it to you too slut" said Paul. He used my t-shirt to wipe the cum from my eyes. "Do you know what you're going to do now?" He said.

"No sir" I replied. "You're going to get the fuck out of this house, leave the shirt off and the cum stays until it dries, or that photo starts going everywhere, understand?"

"Yes sir" I said. Still with a raging hard on I put on my trackies and shoes on and walked down the stairs. "You'll be back again, because I said you will be, we'll be in touch" said Tim "Bye now". The door shut behind me. My eyes adjusted to the light and I realised I was stood in a busy high street, my face dripping with cum, in a floral bra.

I walked down the road and looked back to see the three omegos looking out of the bedroom window at me.

I walked briskly down the road, I walked past busty businesswomen and young students finishing for the day, the all looked at me and were puzzled, but clearly knew what had just happened. I was a cum slut and loved it. I got in my car and breathed out. I'd finally made it, what was the best sexual experience of my life. I kept that cum on my face until I got home (I even went to McDonald's drive through on the way home) and then just lay down and wanked myself off to the thought of what those three guys had just done to me. I knew I'd be back again, but how soon I couldn't tell you.....