 Editor's Note: this story contains incest content.

NOTE 1: A special thank you to Estragon and Goamz86 for editing this lengthy multi-chaptered journey.

Curiosity: Fucked the Straight Guy

I can't explain for the life of me when I suddenly became curious. I mean I am 44 and have never found any man remotely attractive. Oh sure, I can tell when a man is good looking, the same way I am sure my wife knows when a woman is attractive...that doesn't make her a dyke. That said, whenever I had quality alone time, which was often because I traveled for work, I often imagined sucking a cock or taking a cock up the ass. I had no interest in fucking another guy, yet the thought of getting fucked became an obsessive an unhealthy obsession.

In all truth, the obsession happened completely by accident. I was reading stories online on Literotica, like I often do, when I began reading a new author I really enjoyed. She wrote in a variety of genres that really turned my crank like lesbian, group, incest, and loving wives. After flying through her entire portfolio in a few stroke-filled days, all that was left were her gay stories. I can say in all truth, I had never read a gay story, oh sure some stories had gay sub-plots and so forth, but I had never consciously chose to read a gay story. Yet, curiosity got the best of me (a very ironic pun I agree), and I clicked on one of her stories. I read them all in one night and somehow shot a full load while reading them.

The next night, I did what I often do when I like a story; I went to the end and clicked on some of the similar themed stories. Every story was about some straight guy, who had never even considered a guy sexually, ending up on his knees sucking cock and inevitably taking a cock up his virgin butt. In almost all cases the straight guy was shy and submissive while the other was a dominant who ridiculed and verbally abused him...in many ways it felt like my marriage...minus actually having sex. I read a variety of similar stories:

-A straight guy who picks up a hitchhiker and before he knows it is having his faced used like a pussy.

-a straight guy who walks into a bathroom at a bar and accidentally walks in on a scrawny white kid sucking a black man's large cock...a few days later the straight white guy is begging to suck the black man's impressive rod.

-a straight guy is at a gym and goes into a sauna where an older man suggests the straight guy is a closet faggot...the straight guy denies it adamantly, yet soon he is a submissive little plaything for this older man.

I couldn't help it, but after reading these stories what started as an intriguing fascination of 'oh my God who would do that' became a compulsive obsession with becoming a cocksucking faggot.

I searched for glory holes in towns I was traveling to, I read personal websites and asked a lot of questions under a newly created username bottomcurioushusband which I think was a very true descriptor.

I asked questions like:

I am 44 and suddenly curious about sucking a cock, yet I am married and straight. Has anyone else had similar desires? Maybe I am having a mid-life crisis.

How would a man who has never had anything in their ass actually go about preparing it for a hypothetical first time bottom experience?

I received many answers, some great advice and a couple of offers to meet some of the responders, which only increased my taboo desire to try it.

I went to an adult store while on a trip and bought anal lube as advised, and the smallest anal toy I could find. I rushed back to the hotel, excited to try it, flipped open my computer, pulled up one of my favourite gay submission stories, undressed and got ready. In advance, I lubed the small two-inch toy and placed probably way too much lube on my puckered anal entrance. As I read the story, my cock became rock hard quickly and I slowly pushed the toy inside me. There was resistance at first, but it quickly weakened and I felt a rush of adrenalin at having something, albeit really small, in my ass. It didn't hurt; on the contrary, I wanted more. I tried pushing the toy deeper, but it was all in and my mood shifted from excited to frustrated. I leaned onto my back and wiggled the toy in my ass as my free hand began stroking my erection. I continued reading the story as both hands moved quickly and in less than two minutes I was shooting cum straight up in the air.

After cleaning the toy, I decided I would return to the store tomorrow and get a bigger toy. Over the next couple of days, I bought and tried progressively bigger toys, getting accustomed to things in my butt. Each time I got off from pleasuring my ass, I craved more...I craved the real thing.

...

About a month later, after having experimented with a wide variety of toys in my ass, including walking around all day with a butt plug in my ass; fate made my curiosity a reality. I was in a rather posh hotel when it happened. I should note I am decent looking and in great shape for my age; I had just finished working out when fate intervened. I was in the gym shower washing away my sweat when a younger guy, probably no more than twenty, joined me. Since my fascination with sucking a cock began, I have often taken quick glimpses of every man I could. No one had seemed to notice...until now.

I looked and saw a decent sized cock, semi-erect, attached to the pretty boy. He dripped rich kid prep. I didn't glance any longer than a couple of seconds, but he seemed to notice.

"Hey old man, do you like what you see?" he asked, with a slight smile.

"Excuse me?" I responded, attempting to be oblivious to his implication.

He chuckled. "I am pretty sure you were checking out my package."

I stammered, my face flushed, "N-n-no, I wasn't."

"Too bad," he shrugged, grabbing his cock and stroking it slowly.

No matter how much I tried to look away, I couldn't take my eyes of the growing cock. He continued this until all eight inches, two more than my cock, were fully erect.

"For a guy who isn't a faggot, you sure are drooling over my meat," he assessed accurately.

I stammered, hypnotized by his stiff rod, "I-I-I have never done anything like this before."

"Hmmmm...a straight faggot. I love it." He chuckled again.

I continued to stare at his erection, my own cock now erect too, as I winced at being called a faggot.

"And for a straight man, your cock is telling a different story."

Suddenly, I realized I was in my own erotica story. I stood frozen, wanting to drop to my knees but unable and petrified of someone walking in. My resistance as weak as the French were in both World Wars, I questioned, "What if someone comes in?"

"We were the only two working out this morning and if they do all they will see is a straight man, oh a straight married man, sucking his first cock."

My red face went redder as he noticed my wedding ring. I said nothing, but continued staring at his erect cock.

He finally gave me an ultimatum. "Cocksucker, I don't have all day. Either get on your knees and suck my cock like it is obvious you want to or stop drooling and I will go wake up my girlfriend for a morning quickie."

I hesitated only briefly before falling to my knees in front of this confident young man. I looked up and saw his smug smile that only made the embarrassment that much greater...yet, I desperately wanted to feel his cock in my mouth.

I took it in my hand and slowly moved up and down tentatively until this nameless stranger said, "I can stroke my cock myself old man, get sucking like the faggot you are."

Accepting that his words were true, and that detached fantasy had become a living reality, I opened my mouth and leaned forward.

As soon as my mouth was wrapped around his cock, he moaned, "That's it cocksucker, make your dream come true."

I was tentative at first, but did to his cock what I liked having done to mine. I swirled my mouth around his cock head, creating extra saliva to attempt to bathe his cock...like my wife used to do before we were married. After creating this lake of lust, and hearing his moans increase, I got more confident and began bobbing back and forth.

"That's it faggot, take all my cock," the hung stranger moaned.

Suddenly determined to get all eight inches in my mouth, I continued bobbing back and forth, each time taking a little more in my mouth.

"That's seven, cocksucker, only one more inch."

Although I wasn't sure I could take more in my mouth without gagging, I pushed myself further.

"There you go, sissy, you did it. You got all eight inches of my meat. Now get me off."

Eager to taste my first load of cum, I furiously bobbed on his cock like a slutty teenage girl, not the forty-four year old married father of two I was.

"I'm getting close, faggot," he grunted, which had my free hand going to my cock. I pumped my cock quickly while keeping a similar pace on his cock. A minute later, I heard a grunt and felt him spray his cum into my mouth. I eagerly swallowed the salty seed that was way less unpleasant than I expected. I continued to suck his cock, although slower now, milking the last of his seed.

I heard a door open and I quickly stood up, my face of shame branded on me. The unnamed young man I just pleasured smiled and complimented, "For a first time, you are a natural."

I didn't respond as an older man walked in. My erection still in full view, I attempted to cover it, which only made what I had just done even more obvious.

The younger man shut off his shower and said to the older gentleman, "He is a great cocksucker, if that floats your boat." As he left, the young man said, "Thanks for the blow job, faggot."

My face was redder than Hell itself as I wanted to flee, but then I would be in the same room as him again.

The old man shook his head in disgust, making me feel even dirtier, and he headed towards the sauna.

I finished my shower, realizing I still had a full head of shampoo, while oddly savouring the lingering after taste of my first mouthful of cum. My cock refused to shrivel and I eventually grabbed a towel and hurried to my room.

Once inside, I replayed the events of my first gay experience, as I furiously beat off. Now alone in my room, my shame disappeared and I was eager to do it again. I suddenly felt like a teenager after losing my virginity...I was addicted.

Sadly, my job called and I had to head off to work, my neglected cock begging for attention.

Unfortunately, I didn't see my unnamed stud again, even though I made sure to be in the gym at the same time the next day. I returned to my family with a dark secret, and an even bigger craving to do it again and again.

...

It was two weeks later, two excruciatingly long weeks later, before I was on the road again. Confident that it was no longer just a lingering curiosity but now a burning craving, I searched for gay bars and glory holes, and stiff cocks in Atlanta. I even flew in a day early, lying to my wife (my whole life was becoming a lie), to start my hunt for cocksucking opportunities.

I checked in and headed over to a gay dance bar I read about online. It was infamous for being a great pick up joint. I arrived early, ordered a double rum, and surveyed the bar. Even though I craved sucking cock, I still didn't find men attractive. It wasn't like when I was single and on the prowl for pussy...then I scanned the club, choose my prey and turned on the charm (sometimes it worked, sometimes it didn't).Now, I didn't even know where to start.

I sat at the bar for a few songs before this built man, probably thirty or so, asked, "First time here?"

"Y-y-yes," I stammered, suddenly feeling insecure in comparison to this Greek Adonis of a man.

"Can I buy you a drink?" he offered.

"S-s-sure," I managed to agree. He snapped his fingers and the bartender quickly poured me another double and a beer for my godlike stranger.

When both had our drinks in hand, he said, "I'm Greg."

"Evan."

"So what brings you to my little establishment?"

"You own this place?" I asked amazed.

He shrugged as if it was no big deal, "Yeah, have since it opened in 2008."

"Wow," I replied.

"So you from here?"

"No, I actually live in a suburb outside of Boston."

"Cool. I have always wanted to go. Why you in the wonderful city of Atllanta."

"For business," I offered.

"No pleasure?" he smiled, flirtingly.

Shy, but hungry, I replied, "Well, maybe some pleasure."

"Greg, there is a fight in the bathroom," a flamboyant and screamingly gay waiter Interrupted.

"Don't go anywhere, Evan," he said, squeezing my leg and disappearing into the growing crowd of the bar.

I was a crazy mixture of extreme excitement and turbulent trepidation. I was eager, desperate even, to suck another cock yet the thought of maybe more was downright scary. The thought of getting fucked was still intriguing, but I wasn't sure I was ready for it yet, even though I had prepared my ass as best I could.

I finished my second double and the bartender smiling knowingly, had a third ready instantly. I smiled back shyly.

A few minutes later, my third double half done, Greg returned. He continued our conversation as if he had never left. "So, first time here, from the great big north, married, yet at a gay club...you are an interesting fella Evan."

He paused, finished his beer, and continued his assessment. "Based on your shy demeanour, you are a gay virgin, but curious. Am I right?"

"Yes and no," I whispered.

"Well, now you got me curious. Let's continue this conversation somewhere a bit quieter." He didn't ask my opinion, but grabbed my hand and pulled me through the crowd. We went through a door and into a room that was nicer and bigger than my hotel room. He went to the bar, topped up my drink, and suggested I join him on the leather couch. He pressed a remote control and six TV's came on. They were all security cameras spread throughout the bar.

I scanned them and originally saw nothing of interest, until Greg said, "Can you see that?"

"What?" I asked, searching for whatever he was fascinated by.

"Camera 5. There is a dude under the table," he pointed out.

I looked closer and indeed he was right. A stunned, "Wow," escaped my lips.

"So back to your last statement, 'Yes and no'."

I blushed, but gave a short version of my one and only cocksucking experience.

"And you have craved sucking another cock every since then," he assessed.

"Yes," I admitted.

"But you don't want to be fucked?"

"I don't know," I honestly answered.

"But you do want to suck my dick?"

I admitted, "Yes."

"How badly?" he asked while standing up.

"Desperately," I replied, embarrassed but hungry.

He unbuckled his pants and his cock sprang out. It was smaller than my first in length, but he made up for it in girth. I stared at it like I did my first naked girl.

"Don't just stare at it, Evan, quench your thirst."

I didn't need to be told twice. Four doubles had me intoxicated, but I would have done this stone cold sober. I took his cock in my mouth and sucked just his thick mushroom top. I swirled my tongue around it, I treated it like it was the best tasting lollipop ever and I wanted it to melt in my mouth. Slowly, I took more in, once I got used to its substantial width. He moaned, always saying my name, which because of the taboo act was just as naughty as being called a faggot. "That's it Evan. Worship my cock. You love my cock, don't you?"

I briefly took it out of my mouth, my desire to please now controlling me. "Yes, Greg, your cock feels so good in my cocksucking mouth."

I returned to sucking as he continued, "Evan, you are a natural born cocksucker and in time you will make a very good bottom."

I moaned a 'thank you' as I began to pick up the pace.

He demanded, "Tell me you love my cock more than your wife's pussy."

That wasn't even going to be a lie. I replied, "I love your cock way more than my wife's ironclad locked-down cunt."

"Do you know who else has a cunt, Evan?"

Confused, I quit sucking and looked up from my submissive position.

He smiled, "You do, don't you Evan?"

Realizing his implication, I played along. "Yes, sir, I have a tight little cunt."

"Show me your cunt, Evan," he ordered.

My eyes went big, but while my mind processed the order, my hands were already fumbling with my pants. He watched, amused, as I struggled to get undressed.

Once naked, he bent me over and spread my ass cheeks. "Wow, you have a pretty little cunt, Evan!"

"Thank you," I replied, although it sounded absurd.

"Do you want to have your cunt fucked, Evan?" he asked, as I felt a finger slide inside my virgin cunt.

For the second time I could make my fantasy a reality, but once I said yes there was no turning back. It was one thing to suck a cock, it was another entirely to allow a stranger to take my anal cherry. Yet, the words out of my mouth were all that mattered. "Yes, please fuck my pussy."

"You want me to be your first?" he asked, while pumping my ass with his finger, while wiggling it around, loosening me up for his thick rod.

"Yes," I moaned, suddenly wanting nothing more than to be fucked. To be treated like a slut. I begged, "Make me your bitch."

He slapped my ass and added a second finger inside my virgin butt. He explained, "A virgin pussy like yours needs to prepped for my cock or else you may tear."

I moaned, "Yes, get me ready for your thick rod."

His fingers in my ass had me delirious with craving. Somehow he spun them around, slowly widening my ass, gaping it open, as I had read about in some online stories. "Getting closer," he promised.

"Oh god, please, I want your cock so bad," I whimpered, like the submissive bottom I wanted to be.

He chuckled, "You are one eager little virgin, aren't you?"

"Yes, I have wanted this for awhile," I admitted.

"Beg for it, Evan."

Desperate to please him, desperate to feel his cock in my ass, I begged, "Please take my anal virginity, fuck my virgin pussy, make me the bottom I crave to be."

His fingers left my ass and I felt empty. I looked back to see him coat his cock with lube and go behind me. "Are you ready, Evan? Ready to get your tight cunt reamed?"

I could feel his cockhead and I pushed back like the horny slut I was, "Oh god yes, make me your bitch, your slut, your faggot...aaaaaaaaaaaah fuck oh my God." He slowly pushed forward widening my ass in a way I couldn't begin to explain. The pain wasn't intense, but it was definitely there. I grit my teeth and just allowed the buff stranger to slowly get my ass used to his girth.

He explained, "Your pussy is probably burning a bit right now, Evan. Don't worry, it will dissipate in a bit and it will turn into a pleasure you have never experienced before, but have desperately craved."

I whimpered, through gritted teeth, "Kkkkkkkk."

Every time he pushed deeper into my no longer virgin cunt, I thought I was filled to the most I could possibly take, but then I would feel him go deeper in me. I continued to whimper like a school-girl for an eternity. The burn wasn't going away as promised.

"Your pussy is so fucking tight Evan. I could stay in it forever," he complimented.

My next words surprised him as it surprised me. "Oh god, Greg, please start fucking me. Use my pussy."

He obliged, although he started slow. He warned, "Just so you know Evan, there was still another inch yet to fill your pretty little pussy entirely."

I couldn't believe it. Another inch. There was no way I could fit his whole cock in me. I moaned though, ignoring my insecurities, "Oh God, I love your cock in my pussy."

"The second I saw you at the bar all timid, I knew what you wanted...what you needed...what you craved."

As promised, the burning slowly shifted to a pleasure unlike any other. My whimpers gone, I moaned, "Yes, I needed to be fucked like the little girl I am."
