 I'm a 21 year old straight guy, fairly good looking, had a couple of girlfriends and I love women. However for as long as I can remember I have been fascinated by the idea of having sex with a man. I'd never told anyone, or tried to act on it, but a couple of years ago when I was 19 curiosity got the better of me and I posted an ad on craigslist. 

I got loads of replies (probably because of the pic I posted with my ad hehe) but most were either one liners or pretty aggressive seeming guys who seemed to be into some weird shit, but this one bloke stood out and seemed to be a nice genuine guy who also wasn't that experienced, so after a couple of emails and picture swapping he gave me his address and within an hour I was knocking on his front door. 

It hadn't really seemed real up until then and as I suddenly realised what I was getting myself into and was half considering weather or not to turn around and run away the handle turned and the door opened to reveal a fairly relaxed, friendly guy; about 35ish, quite chubby, and wearing a dressing gown. We shook hands, said hello and he invited me in. 

I followed him through the hall and into a long narrow room. At one end was a couch and a tv and at the other a dining table, and the floor was covered in kids toys. I noticed a photo of him and a women on the wall and on the table lay a laptop open with gay porn on mute. 

We made some awkward small talk for a moment and I knew he could sense my nervousness. There was an awkward silence for what felt like 30 seconds but was probably closer to 3 before he suddenly blurted out, "well, shall we get to it??". I loved how direct and blunt he was and I slowly lifted my shirt over my head. As I undressed he stood and shamelessly admired my smooth white body for a few moments before undoing his robe. I was bent over pulling my jeans from around my ankles when I looked up and saw his cock for the first time. It was shorter than mine but much thicker, and was dwarfed by a pair of big juicy balls. As I looked at them I couldn't wait to taste the cum inside. 

He walked toward me as I stood back up, both of us completely naked now and I couldn't take my eyes of his cock bobbing gently between his thighs, the first one I had seen in real life, other than mine of course. He stopped inches away from me and lifted his hand up, taking my dick in his palm. 

I feel myself getting harder as he played with me and I took a deep breath before reaching my hand out and grabbing hold of his now erect penis. He let out a deep groan as I stroked his dick and when I pulled his foreskin down between my finger and thumb he pulled me closer and started rubbing the tips of our hard cocks together. It started getting wet and slippery between our dicks and I couldn't tell if it was his pre cum or mine. 

He leant forward taking my nipple into his mouth, sucking and gently biting until I moaned out load. He left a trail of kisses and licks down my body until he was kneeling with my cock in his face. His tongue slowly reached out to me and softly ran up the underside of my shaft and onto the head, tickling the hole with the tip of his tongue and flicking it back and forth on the end of my cock as if it was a just a big clit and I was his little girly slut. 

He grabbed hold of my balls, squeezing and fondling in his hand as one finger started cautiously creeping up my crack towards my ass hole. Before long I had his finger firmly rubbing around the entrance of my ass hole and his head bouncing up and down on my dick so deep I could feel his chin stubble on my balls. I remember thinking then that this was by far the greatest blowjob I had ever gotten. 

In fact after about 30 seconds of this I already felt like I was about to cum so I pulled out of his mouth and then pulled him up to his feet as I sank to my knees and without a moment of hesitation ran my tongue right around his head making him nice and wet before greedily sucking almost the entire length of his fat, hard, manly tool into my mouth. I loved it! The taste, the smell, but mostly I just loved feeling like a dirty little whore. Kneeling between his legs licking, slurping, and sucking right down to the base just all felt so natural to me. I was sucking on his balls and jerking his cock with my hand when he told me to go and lie on my back on the couch. 

I loved having him tell me what to do and feeling so vulnerable at the hands of this big strong man whose balls lay in my mouth so I did as I was told walked over to the couch and lay down, even swaying my butt a little for him when I walked over. 

He followed me over and when I was on my back he put his knees either side of my head and bent forward to my suck my cock as his swung right above my face. I stretched my neck up, desperate to taste him again. We sucked each other like this in a 69 position for a while and I felt so small, vulnerable, and used with his weight on top of me, his balls flapping in my face and the smell of his ass hole twitching right above me. I wasn't even a person to him, I was an object to be used and got pleasure from however he wished. All of life's worries were gone now and I had one purpose, to please this big strong man's hard meaty cock.

I was loving sucking cock so much I wasn't even thinking about the fact that I was getting a blowjob as well. 

After a little while of this he started to fuck my face, slowly at first but but gradually harder and faster until suddenly and without warning wave after wave of his hot cum burst into my mouth. I swallowed the thick creamy goo as fast as I could but so much was filling my mouth that I let quite a lot spill out my mouth and down my face and neck. 

I lay back to enjoy this man's lips around my cock with a mouth still half full of cum and his cock above me still dripping on my face and chest. He picked up his pace, sucking me like I've never been sucked before and then I began to feel a wet finger prodding against my tight little hole, and then popping inside of me, first one knuckle deep, then two. 

By the time he got two fingers in I lost control. With this big, strong, older man finger fucking my little boy butt and his lips locked around my dick I shot load after load of my hot cum into his mouth, my ecstatic groans muffled by his hairy, musky inside thigh. 

He got off me and stood up and just looked down on me laying there with legs wide open, his cum all over my face and my cum dripping down my softening dick into my pubes. 

He eye balled me laying there from my feet up to my head and as we made eye contact I wiped up as much cum from my face and neck as I could with my finger before licking off every last drop. 

I put my clothes back on and left. As I walked home my dick was still wet with saliva and the taste of cock and cum was strong in my mouth. I was such a dirty slut and the people walking past had no idea.