 I woke up quietly to the soothing feeling of a soft back massage. Large strong fingers kneading my stiff shoulders and neck. The masseur must have felt me stir because the massaging slowed and I felt warm breath on my neck.

"Good morning, stud" was whispered in my ear.

Suddenly flashes of last night started rushing through my brain. A run-away river of images, feelings and tastes crashed into my consciousness. My mind was running so fast; I couldn't slow it enough to understand what had happened. What was happening now? 

"Does this feel good here or do you want me to go lower?" Someone whispered again with a little nibble to my earlobe.

The magic hands started working their way down my back. Sometimes kneading, sometimes lightly tapping. My back was being played like a piano. The hands continued their march south and started working my ass and thighs. As I felt a finger begin to probe my ass the images stopped. It started coming back to me. I could see my legs wrapped around the waist of a large, handsome, black man, Hand. His big, black cock was a piston driving in and out of my virgin, white ass. The shouting sounds I was hearing became clearer. "More, Sir...........................deeper, seed me.......oh go black balls deep" I was hearing myself beg. 

Suddenly I remembered last night. Oh god, it had been great. It had been incredible, better than I could have wished. I remembered it all. Jay had kissed me and I kissed him back. He took my cock and stroked it, milked it. I melted with his touch. Jay shaved me and then fed me his big black dick. When he was ready he carried me to the bedroom. I spread my legs and let him fuck me. An eighteen-year-old college student opened his legs and invited a black man old enough to be his father into his cherry white ass. I had loved it. I needed it and Jay knew it. He knew it when he saw me. I remembered what I said, what I begged. I wanted to be Jay's little, white boner boy.

I opened my eyes and glanced down when the large black hand grabbed my soft little white cock. Stroking it and cupping the smooth white balls.

"Do you see how clean and smooth you look this morning? Do you remember trimming your pubes? Do you remember showing me that you're still a little boy who needs his Daddy?" Jay murmured in my ear. 

He was still stroking my cock with one hand and playing with my ass with the other. The attention felt so good I started trying to hump his hand. Jay recognized my invitation and began to drive his fingers in my ass. I got light headed my dick seemed to suck all the blood from my brain, stiffening at his touch.

"Ohhhhhhhhhh, this feels so good. Keep going; make me cum, sir" I moaned.

I reached behind me and found the big black cock I came to know last night. Jay was already hard. He was so big my hand was full as I tried to stroke him to the rhythm he was stroking me. 

"Yes, little man, you remember last night don't you. That big black cock is your treat. Feel the heat.............feel the power. You need it don't you" Jay moaned.

As I rolled over toward Jay he let go of my dick and ass. I felt so empty. Jay lightly grasped my chin and steered my gaze upwards. Then I saw his broad black face lit up with a smile.

"Yes, take it son" he said as I lowered my head to his magnificent cock and opened my lips to capture the beautiful purple helmet. I started working my mouth up and down. Keeping my teeth back like Jay taught me last night. Use my lips, always trying to make Jay happy.

"Oh yea, you're such a good little cocksucker. You were made to nurse at the end of a black man's dick; to provide pleasure, to get your pleasure from it. You've tasted my seed. I've planted you. You'll grow to love it. You need the seed. You want the seed; it's Daddy's milk." Jay chanted as I tried to capture as much of the big black beast as I could take in my mouth. 

Jay gently grasped my head and guided me as I continued to pleasure him. He kept nodding reassuringly as he forced me to take him deeper, ever deeper. 

"Relax and breathe through your nose, remember I showed you last night" Jay said. "You want to go black balls deep don't you?"

"Relax" he said again when my gag reflex kicked in. I blinked away a tear and breathed deep through my nose. I kept my lips tight now. I just needed to concentrate on that one thing now. Jay was helping me now. He was using my head as a handle to fuck my face.

"That great, you're a quick learner. Some boys never learn how to take a dick like this. You're a born cocksucker."

I started to feel his balls gently slap against my chin. I looked up and tried to smile. "Black balls deep.....yea it's black balls deep." Jay said and he smiled too.

"Are you still my little white whore? Do you want me to fill you back up? Sow my black seed in your smooth white ass." Jay said as he slowly pulled his dick from out of my mouth. I tried to keep it. I feel bigger when he is in me. Jays power filled me from this giant black cock.

"Roll on your back. I want to see your face as you feel my cock fill your white boy pussy again. I want to see your smile as my dick brings you pleasure. You're my girl now, loving it. You're smooth white ass is a pussy with an itch only black cock can scratch. You'll soon have the itch bad, you won't want anything else." Jay said as I rolled over and pulled me knees back. I wanted to be his girl; I was his girl. 

I opened my door and invited him in. My ass was virgin when I gave it to him last night. Now it's been plowed and seeded. I gave it to Jay. It was my gift to him for bringing me pleasure, milking me. I could feel Jay put the end of his dick against my hole. I could feel it sliding there. I was already loose and ready. The saliva from my blow job combined with the remnants of last nights lube ease the pain as Jay pushed the knob past my sphincter. I tried to relax, let it slide in. Finally the head penetrates my pink gates. I gasp in pain.

"Still a little sore, son? I'm not surprised; you've had a big night. It'll get better; you were born to ride cock. Just tell me when you're ready for more. I'll go slowly, you're a little boy, and you need time. "Jay was reassuring. "You're learning to love it."

He knew how I felt, he knew what I needed. I wanted to show him I was ready. So without asking for more I took a breath and pulled him in with my legs. Pulling him in deeper; showing Jay I wanted him. He was my Daddy.

"Oh yea......that's it stud. You need it don't you, you want it all. I'll keep going. I'll fill you up again, mark you with my seed"

Soon, I was riding on the big black stick, grabbing his ass and kissing his mouth. I took it all; I took it deep. His cock was so stiff and big inside me. He was grabbing each cheek of my bottom in his big hands and thrusting now. I could feel his cock swell and grow as I clinched it tight in my ass. I knew from last night he was almost there. I was making him cum, taking his essence. Taking him inside me, holding him there. 

"Take my cum, beg for my seed!" he roared.

"Daddy..............fuck me hard, oh god, breed me..........mmmmmmmmmm.........seed me......... mark me as your boy!!!!!!!!!!!" I cried out.

With a loud groan he rocked back and forth a couple of times more and I felt his big black penis spew his seed deep inside me. I curled my legs around his back and let him fill me up.

A few minutes later, his cock slipped from my ass, and I felt his cum oozing from my plowed ass.

"How do you feel son?" Jay asked gently. "How do you like being my morning bitch?"

Stroking my sweaty face Jay leaned closer and gently kissed me, his tongue tracing little laps around my lips. I opened my mouth and sucked it in. Jay began aggressively taking my mouth with his tongue as he started stoking my cock. It felt so good I tried to fuck his hand as he stroked me. I needed to cum. I was so hot my balls were aching. I needed my black daddy to let me cum. Make me cum. I'll cum so hard I'll make him proud.

"You need it don't you? You really want it bad." Jay exclaimed. "But not right now, I need to get us cleaned up. I've got appointments today, work to do. People who expect me; grown up, adult things. I can't just lay here in bed like you. Waiting for my Daddy to help me cum, begging him to come too" Jay said as he led me by my joystick into the suite's spectacular bathroom. 

As I looked around the marble and mirror room it seemed more fitting for a palace. I glanced at the shower and saw a small pile of pubes that were still on the drain, my pubes. Jay asked me cut my own pubes before he shaved me smooth. I hesitated and tried to hang on to the illusion that I was a real man like him. But then he showed me his dick, a real black fuck tool and I gave up. I recognized then, as he stroked my dick that I really was a little boy, not a man. Now I looked down at my hard, smooth cock in his masculine black hand. It looked right, it was at home. It was a little boy's prick in a man's hand. Just like I looked like a little boy next to this handsome mature black man. 

Jay started the shower and when it was warm enough he stepped in and motioned for me. I got in too, unsure what I should do. What did he expect of me? I stood motionless and watched as he shampooed and conditioned his closely cropped hair. Finally he picked up the soap and handed it to me. 

"Soap me up son. Clean me really well, get everything. You want me to be fresh and clean when I'm at work' Jay explained

I started at his neck and shoulders. I felt the strong toned muscles. My little white hands looked like small pieces of alabaster tracing patterns over his ebony back. This was my first real opportunity to see and feel the man who gave me so much pleasure last night. I could finally see with my eyes and feel with my hands the body that had been hidden in the dark. I saw the sensitive places I had found only with my lips. I saw treats that I had tasted but hadn't yet seen. Jay reached down and pulled his ass cheeks apart so I could clean his ass. I felt honored to be allowed to clean this private area. Something new he hadn't shared with me before. I kneeled behind him and soaped it thoroughly until it was very clean. I wanted him to be proud of me. When Jay turned around I was face to face again with his cock, the big black cock that had taken my virginity. The cock I had taken in my hands, my mouth and finally my cherry white ass. I soaped it up too and remembered the way it felt on my tongue and lips. The large purple knob that was so soft and smooth atop the rock hard black log. I carefully cleaned around the low-hanging balls that held my Daddy's milk, milk that was my treat from him. My daddy's milk that was in me now; milk that still leaked from my tight white pussy. I finished the rest of Jay with the same wonder of exploration. This was my first chance to learn about my Daddy, explore all of his secrets. 

"That's enough for me' Jay said taking the soap back. "Now I need to clean up my little Boner Boy."

With that he started by shampooing me and then working down my body with the small bar of soap. Jay paid special attention to my freshly shaven crotch and ass. 

"Doesn't this feel good? He said stroking me. "You are so soft and smooth just like your Daddy likes. You really do look like you're twelve. But look, when you're hard, like now, you appear even bigger than before. Daddy's little boy dick looks so much bigger now. Do you like your little dick to look bigger?"

All I could do was nod. He strong hands had me rock hard again. I thought back and couldn't remember when I hadn't been hard since I first talked to Jay at the pool. What had this man done to me? What had he seen in me that made him know that I was his; that I would acquiesce to his every desire.

"Do you want to cum now boi? I know you do. I can help you but you have to tell me what you want. What do you want your daddy to do?" Jay started questioning me.

"Beg your daddy to help you; to take a little valuable time from his day to give you a release."

"Beg boy." Jay repeated.

"Beg............................" Jay said looking me straight in the eye.

"Beg your Daddy. What do you want boy?" Jay kept insisting.

I wanted to cum. My balls ached; my cock was so hard it hurt. I need Jay to help, to give me a release.

"Make me cum, Sir. Please make me cum. I'll do anything, Sir. I want to do anything for you. Please Sir ....................make me cum" I was begging Jay. I was almost in tears I needed it so bad.

"OK son, make me proud. I'm going to milk you. I'll help you cum but the ache won't leave. You've tasted your daddy's milk and you liked it. You been filled with your Daddy's black dick and you need it. You've been bred and seeded and still want more. You can cum now but there's no going back now. What you were yesterday is gone. Like your pubes down the drain, gone. Beg me boi, tell me there's no going back" Jay demanded.

"Make me cum Daddy. Milk me; it's your milk and your body. I've given you everything I have. I'll do anything you want you like; just ask me. I want to be your little smooth white boy. Sir, I just need to cum; help me cum. Please Sir, let me cum" I pleaded with my new Black Daddy.

"OK son" Jay agreed. "On three, spray it out, make me proud." 

"One" Jay said starting to stroke me harder.

Finally, Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh........it felt so good. The feeling was incredible. Someone was making me cum, bringing me pleasure. I would do anything to keep having this feeling.

"Two"

The feeling was electric. It felt so good it was almost painful. His hand was black magic on my smooth white dick. I was ready to cum already. My cleanly shaven skin was so much more sensitive than yesterday and I couldn't hold it. I needed to hold it; I had to hold it, to ... cum ... on ... Three. 

But Jay was too good and I was too hot. I just couldn't wait, I needed release. My cock started exploding. A huge shot of milk shot across the shower and hit the marble wall. Spurt after spurt flew out. There were five or six big shots, more than I had ever cum in my life. 

"I guess there is no need for One" Jay said with a chuckle. "We'll have to work on that timing. I expect you to cum when I say and where I say. But for a little boy like you sometimes premature ejaculation can be a problem. Hopefully if we milk you enough we'll get it under control."

"I'm sorry sir. I wanted to do it when you said. I just couldn't. I'll make it up; I'll do better next time" I pleaded.

"It's OK we'll work on it later' Jay said tossing me a fresh white towel. 

"I'd love to help you dry off" he said. "But I have to get myself ready for work."

After I dried off I sat quietly in the bathroom and watched Jay finish his morning rituals. I felt like his little son watching him brush his teeth and shave. When he was done I followed him like a little puppy back into the suite's bedroom and watched him dress; putting on fresh boxers and a t-shirt; laying out his slacks and sport coat. Jay was so handsome when he finished putting on his cufflinks and then knotted his tie. He looked like he stepped right off a fashion runway. I felt so small, so young, just sitting there watching. Wondering when I would be big enough, confident enough to become a real man like Jay. 

Jay turned around and faced me sitting on the bed. A naked, smoothly shaven white boy quietly watching a mature black man dressing for work. 

"I'm going to be gone most of the day at appointments" Jay said "Here's what you are to do while I'm gone. First, go check out of your room. Second, your toiletries to the suite and take your clothes to your car. I think that skimpy white Speedo you had on yesterday should take care of all your clothing needs for now."

"But Sir" I exclaimed. "I'm leaving today. I have to get to school."

"No your not" Jay said firmly. "There's nothing at school that can't wait. I'm here for a couple more days. I expect you to stay and I know you want to stay too. Look at yourself. You're not the same young man who was heading for school yesterday. You've shaved your pubes and ass. You've taken my big black dick in your mouth, sucked it, and asked for more. You spread your ass and asked me to fuck you. You begged me to breed you, you asked for my seed. I've sown you boy. I've planted you and I'm growing inside of you. Look at your little dick. It's growing even now. Don't try to tell me IT wants to head for school today."

I just looked at him and then down at my now rock hard cock. What was happening to me? Had I just shot the biggest load of my life from this man's hand? My spunk was still on the wall of the shower. Yet I was rock hard again, my balls still ached. There was no hiding it, my body had spoken. I wanted more. MY body wanted more.

"No sir" I said meekly "I don't need to go today. I don't want to go today. I want to be your boy; to go out with you, to have you fill me up."

"That's better, that's my boi." Jay said confidently. "I knew the moment you got hard when I touched your thigh by the pool what you were. You need someone to help you, to guide you and show you what to do. You need someone to make happy. I can help you. I'll show you new things that you've never seen at home. I've made you itch now and only I can scratch it."

Jay handed me his keycard saying he would pick up another one. As he was leaving he gave me a deep kiss and stroked my dick. While his tongue teased mine I tried to fuck his hand with my dick. I couldn't ever remember being so hard. This man had kept my dick hard since he said hello.

"Three, no cumming while I'm at work. "It's a daddy's job to milk his little boy and you'll get that tonight." He said turning toward the door. When he got to there he turned back around and grabbed my ass. 

"After taking your clothes to your car it might be a good time to hang around the pool for a little bit." Jay said with a twinkle in his eye. "We need to make sure the maids have plenty of time to clean up the room. We don't want you to start the fun tonight by lying on last night's wet spot."

With that little bit of wisdom Jay stepped out the door and it closed. I looked at the door for a second and then turned around to look for my Speedo. I saw it in a pile on the living room floor with my robe and walked toward it. Then I changed my mind, being naked felt great; being naked and shaved felt even better. Just moving around the room seemed to keep the air blowing on my sensitive skin around my dick. The way things had been going it would be a while before my dick was relaxed enough, soft enough, to even put in the Speedo. Who knows, Jay might like coming home to his smooth little white boy; all naked and hard. Remembering everything that I had done since I stepped out of that Speedo last night, thinking about what was to come tonight, had me so hard I wasn't sure I could ever put it on again.