 One night a few years ago, bored and horny as usual, I found myself stroking my cock to some porn and decided to peruse Craigslist. The usual posts were there. Old guys trying to find some younger cock, a few weirdos, and the usual straight guys testing the waters.

One post stood out to me. 'Curious and horny-22m.'

I clicked on it and very frankly he explained that he never been with a guy, but was curious to meet up and see what would happen. Also attached was a picture from the neck down. Athletically built, in basketball shorts, and I assume taken at the gym. 

I emailed him, not expecting a response, but to my surprise, two minutes later, he responded. He told me his curiosity had gotten the best of him and he wanted to see what it would be like exploring with another man. I was 28 at the time and in pretty good shape, and he told me that was good. All that'd approached him were men over 50, and he wasn't into it.

We discussed what he was curious about. It was what you'd expect. Oral, jerking, no making out or anything. And that is right up my alley. We made arrangements for him to come over in a half hour, around 1am, and the whole time I assumed he'd chicken out. But! 30 minutes later, a car pulls into a parking space put front and he gets out, making his way to my door. 6'2, 190 pounds, wearing gym shorts and a t shirt. Nicely built and easy on the eyes.

I invited him in, and he followed me to my living room. On the TV, I'd already had a porn on. Victoria Tiffani was riding a big, thick white cock and moaning. His eyes shot right to the screen.

"Like her?" 

"Yeah. She's hot," he replied. 

"What about him?" I asked with a grin. 

He looked down, nervously, and smiled a bit. 

I invited him to sit down on my couch and asked if he'd like a beer. After accepting my offer, I came back from the kitchen, handed him his beer that he took a small sip of, and sat down beside him. He was pretty apprehensive, eyes affixed on the scene, periodically sipping his beer as I initiated some small talk.

I asked if he liked the scene or would rather watch another. He nodded his head as if to say it was OK. Curiously, I asked if he wanted to look at any of the Playlist on my phone and I could broadcast it onto the TV. He took my phone and began to browse, "Maybe this?" 

Just then, a video with Domino Presley; one of my favorite shemales, started up.

He told me that shemale porn is what had made him curious in the first place. As he started to talk more, he pensively started to rub his shorts. By this point, I've already been rock hard for an hour, and it's obvious through my shorts. 

I motioned for him to relax and sit back. He obliged. So, I reached across my body and gently moved his hand aside and took over rubbing his cock. I felt him become semi erect. He still looked nervous. I asked if he was fantasizing about her while I gently stroked him through his shorts.

He nodded and nervously swallowed. I told him just to watch, and relax. I pulled the leg off his shorts towards the top of his leg, and saw he wasn't wearing underwear. He smiled when I brought it to his attention. I pulled back further and laid eyes on his dick. Very nice. Almost seven inches, thick at the base, nice veins, and a now swelling, shiny, purple head. It started to stand straight up, as I gently stroked his cock for him.

I asked if my hand felt good, to which he took a deep breath and nodded again. I continued to stroke him as Domino was having her cock sucked on the TV. I then leaned over and lightly teased the head of his cock with my tongue. Then took the head into my mouth and massaged it with my tongue. I heard him moan, and continued on for a moment, and asked if he wanted to see my cock. 

He said yes, so I stood, and slid my shorts off, showing my fairly average 6 inch dick. He moaned slightly in approval after I'd asked if he liked it. I took his hand and guided him to stand with me. As he arose, I guided him further to touching my cock.  

We stood there gently stroking each other and watching Domino get plowed. I leaned in a bit and started touching the heads of our cocks together. He seemed to really like this. I leaned in a bit further and grabbed his ass as he took his turn stroking us. 

With his ass in one hand, I ran my other up to his nipple, and began to rub my knuckles over it, and felt it get harder. His strokes increased in speed and he softly began to moan. I gently pushed him back, and got down on my knees in front of him. Perfect timing as Domino had just dismounted and was blowing her partner.

His cock stood straight up against his stomach. I licked from his balls, clear to the underside of his head, and in one motion, put his whole head in my and grabbed the base with my hand, immediately stroking him.

"Ahhh... Ffffuck," I could feel him get somehow get harder. "Fuck! You feel so fucking good," as I took more of him into my mouth. Rhythmically, I began to work up and down his cock. He was in ecstasy. And my cock felt ready to explode. 

I took him out of my mouth and let him stroke while I licked his balls. Sticking my tongue out, I motioned him to slap his head on it. It cracked against my tongue seven or eight times, prompting me to grab both ass cheeks and deep throat him. He moaned so loud, I thought he was going to cum. I coached him into fucking my face and throat. Soon he had his hands on the back of my head and was sliding in and out of mouth, inch by inch. Every time I would spread his ass, he put his whole cock in my mouth until my tongue was on his balls. And he would hold it. It was so fucking hot.

I asked if he wanted to cum and he shook his head. So I positioned myself on the couch, sitting with my legs spread and cock at attention. "Wanna try?"

He knelt down and took hold of me at the base of my dick. "I never did..." 

"Just do what would feel good to you." I said. He nervously stroked me, and leaned his head toward my cock. He kissed it lightly, using his tongue. I moaned as he repeated this for some time while slowly stroking me. 

"Let's try this," I said as I stood up. I found another video. A tan, Brazilian girl giving a lengthy blowjob to a huge white cock. "Watch her." 

Just as instructed, he worked my cock just the way she did. He even deep throated me a few times. I was about to cum, so I asked where he wanted me to. He said he didn't want to swallow it. Thinking on my feet, I sat him on the couch and fed my cock right back into his mouth while he jerked himself.

He started really working me as I began to edge closer. "Ready? ... Lean back" I stroked myself a few times and unleashed onto his cock, balls, and stomach. Seven big ropes and more leaked out onto him.

"Holy fuck! That's so much cum! Fuck that's hot!" he said, all the while stroking himself. 

Without missing a beat, and my head still spinning, I got right onto my knees licking and slurping all of my cum from his cock. I placed my hands under his thighs and began to raise his knees up, laying him partially on his back. 

"What're you..." he said just as my tongue met his asshole. "Fuckin Jesus, fuckin God!" he moaned while I rimmed his perfect, tanned, hairless ass. "No one ever... Holy shit!..."

I worked my tongue all over his hole, switching between jerking and sucking him. I spit on my finger, and he even let me finger his ass while I sucked him for a good few minutes. I loved how open minded he was. 

I put his legs down, and his cock was pulsating. It wasn't going to take much. I started working him over, stroking his shaft in a twisting manner, as I bobbed on his head.

"I'm gonna... I'm gonna..." I tightened my grip and deliberately stroked him, mouth open, tongue out. I could see him looking at the screen, and could hear the guy in the video about to cum too. Just then his cock tensed, recoiled, and shot two huge ropes of cum across my face before unloading the rest into my waiting mouth. 

He twitched in my hand as I proceeded to put his cock back in mouth so he could feel me swallow his load. 

He shivered hard a few times as I continued to suck him. He pulled his cock out saying he couldn't take anymore. 

Then we both sat back on my couch. He was spent. 

"Have fun?" 

"Fuck yeah, man. Oh my God!" 

As we cleaned and dressed I told him he was welcome any time. Exchanged phone numbers. 

He came over once a week for about six months. We still get together from time to time. Turns out, he likes sucking cock more than receiving these days.

I'll have to tell you more about it later.