 The following is a work of fiction. All characters are at least eighteen years old.

*****

I am happily married thirty eight year old man. I have a steady job that I love, a nice house in Southern California, and a beautiful wife. My problem is that lately I have become curious. I have always been a very sexual person open to all new experiences. I have a very full and exciting sex life with my wife, but lately I have begun to wonder.

I have begun to wonder what it would be like to be with a man. Lately while watching porn, I would spend more time focused on the male talent. I felt myself getting more turned on if he was attractive and had a big dick. I have begun to wonder what it would be like to put a dick in my mouth. I wonder what it would be like to take a cum shot.

It is a strange predicament because I don't like men at all. I don't like kissing them or looking at their naked bodies, but I have begun to love cocks. I want to look at cocks. I want to touch cocks, and I especially want to taste cocks..

I had kept these desires at bay until recently when I decided to act on them. I had to be very careful not to ruin my marriage, but I just had to explore these desires.

I turned to where so many people turn when they need answers, the internet. The first event that got this snowball going happened because of boredom. I was home alone and horny. I was trolling through various chat sites when I found one that let people chat webcam to webcam, and even just broadcast themselves for all to see. I had to try it.

I set up the webcam so that it would film me from about the bottom of my chest to my balls. I am in great shape, and I don't mind saying because I work so god damn hard at it. My motivation is testing my luck at triathlons. I get an especially big thrill when I beat guys much younger than I am. I don't have a six pack, but I have a flat stomach. Still sitting on the couch, slouching a bit to get in the view of the webcam, made it look like I had a bit of a stomach. I guess the camera does add 10 pounds. I made a conscious effort to sit as straight as possible to show off my flat stomach.

With everything set up I entered the site and first checked out the ten or so people broadcasting themselves. One was a woman in her forties that was not very attractive, but the rest were men. Most were older, fatter, horn balls, but a couple had attractive cocks. My cock had gone limp setting up the webcam, so I opened another window in my browser and started watching some porn. Straight porn with guys with gorgeous, big dicks was my favorites. When my cock began to respond, I decided it was showtime.

I pulled off my boxer briefs so that I was completely naked, and I turned on the web cam. It was an exhilarating feeling watching myself jerkoff on the computer while knowing that anyone could be watching me. At first I just kept watching the porn, but then people started messaging me.

"Nice cock!"

"God that thing is thick!"

"I love the shaved look."

"Fuck, you are huge!"

I clicked on my webcam image and saw that some twenty or so people were watching me. It was mostly gay guys, but there were some bi curious guys, and a couple of women. Once I realized I was being watched I started to give them a show. Cupping my smooth balls, circling my bulbous head, and squeezing out copious amounts of precum. It was such a rush to be watched.

Finally after chatting with a bunch of the people, I had to cum. My new audience roared with approval as I made the announcement. I enlarged the window on my computer so I could better watch my first televised cum shot. Countless loads I had shot watching the internet, now it was my turn to return the favor. 

I aimed my cock as straight up as I could as I watched my head swell and then hurl large white gobs of cum into the air. As the last bursts were launched into the air the first few landed back on my hand and cock creating a goopy mess that looked great on camera. I bid everyone farewell as I had to clean up the big mess.

The next day my inbox was filled with emails from people who saw my show and wanted to chat or more. I even had emails from people who had not seen my show, but had just heard about it. I sent some of the less weird ones messages and just as I was about to log off I received another email. This one really got my attention it read:

Dear Sir,

I was lucky enough to watch your erotic show yesterday, and I can't get the image of you stroking your magnificent cock out of my head. I must admit that I was stroking along with you, and I shot my load as I watched your cock pump jet after jet of beautiful cum.

I step out of my normal behaviour to write to you, so I will try to explain myself with a short description. I am a twenty year old college student studying to be a massage therapist. I guess I would consider myself bisexual, although I have never actually done anything with a man, but I do get aroused watching guys with amazing cocks like yours. Maybe I am just bi curious, I am not sure. Anyway, after jerking off with you, I read your bio and saw that you were married but loved cocks. 

If you are up for it, I would love to correspond and see if we hit it off. Maybe we could explore some fantasies together?

Just a thought.

Sincerly,

Adam Jamison

He attached a picture of himself standing naked in front of a mirror. He was a blonde kid and looked to be in great shape. He was thin and build like a cross country runner. He had dark blue eyes and a total baby face. He looked like he was still in highschool. My eyes darted down to his cock and noticed that even semi erect, it looked pretty large on his thin frame. I couldn't tell from the picture if he shaved down there or he just had sparse blonde hair, but either way I was intrigued.

After the wave of initial interest waned, reality set in. What was I actually going to do with this kid? Was I actually going to meet someone from the internet for sex? Was I going to screw around behind my wifes back just because I was feeling horny lately? 

I didn't have answers to these questions, but I decided that at least I would write back and see if he was cool. No harm in that I thought. I noticed that just thinking about the situation had given me a semi erection. 

Dear Adam,

Thanks for email. I am glad you enjoyed yourself while watching me jerk off. The mere thought has begun to get me aroused once again. I am a little hesitant in pursuing anything with you since I am a married man, but I see no harm in us talking and seeing if we actually get along. Who knows, if we hit it off, maybe we can fool around a bit. We shall see.

I have to be straightforward with you. I am not interested or kissing, fucking, or anything like that, but if we hit it off I am curious to jerk off with you in person, touch each other, and suck eachother off.

Talk to you soon,

Jack

I felt good about laying it all out there. Even if I wasn't going to do anything with him, it was exciting to think about the possibility. If nothing else it would be fun to exchange pictures and dirty thoughts with a good looking young guy. Just then an email came in from Adam.

Jack,

Sounds good. Why not get to know each other. This is all new to me, so exploring with you sounds like fun. You have time now for a cam to cam chat?

Adam

Wow, this kid was anxious. I must admit I too was anxious to see him and maybe stroke our cocks over the internet. I had only one problem. My wife was home. I sent him back an email saying that I wouldn't be free until three hours from now. He agreed to meet at that time for a "chat".

I hadn't been that nervous in a while, waiting for my wife to leave so that I could talk to some strange guy on the computer. I am not even sure why it was so appealing to me, maybe it was just the new experience, but I was turned on all day thinking about it.

Finally my wife left and I set up the computer. I wondered if I should be naked from the start. I decided that I would start clothed and see how things went. I logged in and there was Adam waiting to chat. I clicked on his screen name "CuriousMasageBoy" and his image popped up. He had decided to start our chat naked, and from the looks of things he had been up to some erotic pleasures, because he was completely erect.

"Hello sir." He greeted me with an easy smile.

"I feel over dressed. Looks like you have been up to some fun."

"Its ok, I guess I have been pretty excited about the prospects of talking to you. This is all very new for me." He sheepishly looked down, although he was still absentmindedly stroking his erection. His cock was on the thin side, but it looked pretty long. 

"Well fair is fair, let me get out of these clothes." I quickly shed my t-shirt and shorts. The excitement of this new experience had caused my cock to swell and fill the front of my boxer briefs.

"Very sexy sir. What do you do to keep in shape?" He started to stroke himself a bit faster. Something about watching this guy stroke himself to me was intoxicating. I could feel my cock swell further. I would have to let it out soon.

"I compete in triathlons, so I am always training. How about you? You are built like a long distance runner." 

"I have been running cross country since I was a freshman in high school. I actually have a partial scholarship that lets me afford this expensive school." He indicated around him with his hand, and then I realized that he was video chatting with me while he sat in his dorm room. 

The fact that this young guy was stroking his cock in his dorm room, of all places for me, turned me on even further. Any thoughts of whether or not I should be doing what I was doing, melted away with my increased excited state.

"You look great Jack. I especially love the way your big dick is trying to escape from your boxer briefs." He smiled as he continued to work his member skillfully while inspecting every inch of me. My eyes were locked on his cock. It was perfectly straight, and its skin was flawless. 

"Watching you work that cock of yours is getting mine extremely hard. Are you ready to see mine?"

"Yes sir." Adam answered with a big mischievous grin.

I hooked my thumbs in the sides of my boxer briefs and pulled down. My fat cock slapped against my stomach as it was freed. I could hear Adam gasp at the sight, and it made me feel good. I reached out and placed the webcam so that it was more zoomed on my cock. As my my cock filled the screen I saw that Adam took my cue and adjusted his camera so that I could better inspect his cock.

It was beautiful. I also noticed that he wasn't shaven smooth like I first thought; instead, he just had very sparse and light blonde pubic hair. The sight made my mouth water.

"God your cock is so thick Jack." Adam was working his cock much more deliberately now and he was causing it to leak copious amounts of precum.

"I loved your manscaping. Nice and trimmed above and shaved everywhere else. Mmmm I would love to lick that." He was saying as he pumped more precum from his rod. I imagined how good all of that sweet syrup would taste. He was creating a sticky mess and so was I. I leaned forward and drop a big gob of spit on the swollen head of my cock. I worked it into my now very slick cock. Watching Adam work his cock while he watched me was turning me on immensely. It was such a new and exciting experience. 

"Fuck I am so turned on. It can blow my load right now." Adam had stopped masturbating and was just tracing his throbbing cock. It was so swollen, it looked like it could burst any second now. "Let me know when you get close sir, and we can cum together.

Throwing in the "sir" was pushing me over the edge. On the screen my cock was oozing rivers of precum. I was about to cum.

"Fuck, I am going to burst. Make a mess Adam. Cum all over yourself. "

His hand flew down to his cock and with two strokes I watched it swell further and then blast huge streams of thick white cum. The sight was too much and I erupted in one of the most intense orgasms of my life. I watch with amazement as his cock kept spewing buckets of sticky white goo, covering his hairless chest.

When he finally stopped cumming I looked down and noticed that much of my load had landed on my computer's keyboard. It hasn't been the same since. We decided to let each other clean up and I logged off quickly. I sat in a sticky mess wondering what had just taken place. I knew at that moment that I would have to at least meet Adam. Whether or not I would be brave enough to do anything with him was another question altogether.

I was in a daze the rest of the day. I couldn't figure out what was going on. I was so charged with the new experience I had. Later that evening, with my wife cuddling by my side my mind drifted to Adam. Would I dare do something with him? How would I go about it if I did? I finally got an idea as my wife's breathing grew heavy with sleep. Thinking about what I might do with Adam got me so excited, that I couldn't sleep. I reached down and found that I was completely hard. I rolled over and quietly masturbated while thinking about wrapping my lips around Adam's beautiful cock. I shot a messy load into an old t-shirt as I imagined swallow mouthful after mouthful of cum from his dick.

There was no turning back now. I had to explore these desires.

I decided the best way to go about this would be to meet Adam for some tennis. I could feel him out while playing a sport I loved. Also, adding another tennis partner to my long list would not raise any suspicion from my wife if I indeed decided to eplore some of my bisexual desires with him.

We picked a time to play that happened to fall on a night that my wife would be out late with her friends. We were to meet at the courts of his college that was dangerously close to my house. I was nervous and excited as I drove over. I finally calmed myself by thinking that it was just another tennis match that I was driving to. I navigated the huge campus finally finding a play to park at what seemed like a mile from the actual tennis courts. I grabbed my bag and walked toward the courts. The cool evening air calming my nerves a bit as I walked. As soon as I was close to the courts I saw Adam. He was standing by the courts scanning the parking lot for me. His face lit up with a smile when he saw me, and he came over to greet me. 

"You ready to play with some balls?" He joked as he gave me a warm handshake.

I followed him into the courts. He was taller than he seemed on the computer. He was a good two or three inches taller than me and I am 5'11". He was very thin, but also very toned from what i could tell. He had an air about him that was hard to describe, but it made me feel at ease. I was amazed at how young he looked. I would never had guessed that he was twenty.

We made small talk and joked around as we stretched and got ready to play. He seemed a bit nervous, and I assume that I must have as well. It turned out that he didn't play tennis very often, but his athleticism made him a good partner. We worked up a good sweat and even got in a lot of talking while we rested between games. It was obvious that tennis was not the main thing on our minds.

After beating him 6 to 2. We sat and got out of our gear. Well, it was really just me getting out of my old man ankle braces.

"So, you want to grab a beer in my room?"

"Sure." I answered without hesitation

I dropped my tennis gear off at my car and then followed Adam to his dorm. He told me about campus life as we walked. Informed me how he had to live on campus in the athlete dorms for his scholarship. Since he was a upperclassmen he was allowed a single room.

No students seemed to bat an eyelash at the fact that a thirty eight year old was walking through their campus with a student. As we entered his dorm I was blown away with how many people were out and and about. I forgot how alive college dorms were. We took the stairs up to the third floor of an ultra modern building that had huge windows everywhere. Finally he led me to his room and once again I was blown away. It was nothing like my prison esque dorm room from nearly two decades ago. His room looked more like a room in a luxury hotel than a college dorm.

It was small and neat. Everything looked new, from the twin bed against the wall to the futuristic desk along a wall that was a giant window overlooking a courtyard. Adam grabbed a couple of beers out of the fridge as I sat on his desk chair. He handed me beer and then sat on the bed.

"This room is nothing like my dorm room. Ugly bunk beds in a room the size of a closet." I tried to make small talk.

"Ya, that must have been a long, long time ago." He teased.

I just shook my head and took a big swig of beer.

"So you want to watch some porn together or something?" Adam wasn't beating around the bush.

"Sure, I responded without hesitation." 

He grabbed a wireless keyboard off the desk and sat back on the bed. He hit a couple of buttons and the large flat screen on the wall lit up. Like an idiot I was staring at his computer monitor expecting it turn on. I needed to catch up on technology.

"So what are you in the mood for?" He asked me as a browser window opened on his T.V.

"You choose."

"OK, how about a threesome. I remember you said you prefered straight porn. So do I. Some gay porn is ok, but for the most part it kind of creeps me out. Give me a hot guy with a big dick fucking some hot chicks anyday." As he talked he quickly brought up a porn search site and typed in "Nubile Threesome". He navigated through a long list of results with lighting speed. Suddenly two beautiful young girls were on the screen playing with each other. One was a cute little redhead, and the other was a busty brunette.

Adam was slowly stroking a growing lump in the front of his shorts. I could feel my own cock starting to strain against my shorts. I couldn't believe I was here in some college kid's dorm room watching porn. As awkward as it initially was to be here, now that I was getting turned on, the awkwardness was fading into excitement.

"Looking like its starting to get uncomfortable in your pants. Feel free to take out that cock of yours if you want." I couldn't believe what I was saying. Adam looked away from the porn, to me, smiled, and then in a flash pulled his shorts off freeing his hard cock. It looked so long in person. I wanted to reach out and touch it, but I didn't dare.

"Your monster has to be uncomfortable too." He didn't have to say anything else. I reached down, undid my shorts, and pulled my cock out.

"Fuck it is huge!" His eyes were on me and causing me to swell quickly.

"It looks even bigger in person. How often do you groom?" He asked as he started to stroke his cock.

"I trim every three days or so, but I shave my balls, shaft, and above twice a day. Do you like?" I was stroking for him now, putting on a show.

"I love it! Do you think that I should groom?" He tugged at his sparse blonde bush with his other hand as he kept stroking.

"Mmm, Usually I would say for sure, but you don't have much to begin with." I answered as I began to stroke my cock.

It suddenly got silent as we were both stroking our cocks and watching each other. On the T.V. a one girl was getting fucked hard on her back while the other girl was rubbing her clit vigorously.

Adam's cock started to leak precum vigorously, and I I saw his balls start to tighten. He was getting close, and that caused me to inch closer to my impending orgasm. 

"Fuck, Jack! Watching you stroke that big cock is going to make me cum." 

"Then cum. I am about to explode too." Just as I said this I saw Adam's cock pulse and swell further as it began to erupt thick white jets of cum. The sight was too much for me and I was overcome with such a powerful orgasm that I had to close my eyes. My whole body twitched and was taken over by a warm feeling. As my orgasmic bliss faded I slowly opened my eyes. The sight before me was nothing but mess. Adam was sitting on the bed covered with his own cum. His chest and toned legs were white with large puddles of cum. The desk I was sitting on also had a healthy dose of my sperm on it.
