 "This will be good right here," the man said as he stood behind a tree well off the beaten path of the little park he had taken me to.

I didn't know the man's name, which shows how naive and stupid I was back in 1971. Of course, life wasn't quite as dangerous as it is today, or at least it didn't seem it to me back then. When you're 18 and curious, having discovered a whole new world after being picked up by a older man and given an introduction to the joy of sex with another man, I wasn't thinking about things like that.

I was a little scared, heading back into the woods with a stranger as darkness started to fall, but I was more excited than anything else. I was excited at the prospect of what I was going to do to the man that I had stared at in the showers of the local Y.

He had caught me staring at him, and in retrospect I wasn't very subtle about it when he entered the steamy room, his long uncut cock swinging wildly as he walked. Maybe it was the fact that I wasn't that familiar with uncircumcised dicks, or perhaps it was the size of his manhood, which had to be at least 6" limp, but whatever it was, he had noticed me gawking at his over-sized penis.

After I hurriedly got dressed and exited the locker room, my intention was to hurry home and masturbate the night away, the vision of that hulking middle aged man replaying in my mind, but when the sleek black Cadillac pulled over to the curb and the door swung open, my plans were changed.

"Get in," the man said, and his voice was so authoritative that despite a few seconds of hesitation, I found myself climbing into the front seat.

The car was air conditioned, and the contrast between the humid outdoors sent chills down my spine, or maybe it was the way the man was looking at me that got my heart beating faster.

"How old are you, kid?" he asked, his voice sounding just as macho as the body it came out of.

He had to be about 6'3" and over 200 hundred pounds, which made me seem even smaller than my 5'8" and 160 pounds in comparison, and he was built like a guy who had been working out all his life. That was also a stark contrast to the month or so I had been trying to get into shape, and my doughy physique was evidence of that. 

To be honest, the main reason I joined the Y was to get to look at other guys naked. It had been a habit I had developed in my senior year of high school, checking out the other guys and hoping they would check me out too.

"18," I said in a very shaky voice, and when I protested after he laughed at that. "Fine. You're 18."

"I am," I said, a little stung at his disbelief of what I had told him.

"You liked what you saw, didn't you?"

"Huh?" I said.

"Don't play dumb, kid," the man said as he pulled into traffic. "You were practically drooling at me in the shower."

"Sorry," I mumbled.

"You got a place we can go?" he asked.

"Me? Uh no."

I had a place alright, but I don't think my parents would like me bringing this man as old as my father up to my room.

"Me neither," he muttured. "Not tonight at least."

He had a wedding ring on; a big shiny gold band that stood out against his finger, which was covered with the same rich black hair that had coated most of his body.

"What's your name?"

"Craig."

"Well Craig," the man said, not offering his own name in response. "I'm going to find us some place where we can be alone so you can suck my cock."

The loud gasp that came out of me made the man laugh, and when I didn't say anything he reached over towards me.

"Your dick is hard," he said, finding my boner in the loose fitting sweats I was wearing. "Thinking about my cock?"

"Yes," I groaned, his hand clamped tightly around my dick as he jerked on it roughly through the fabric.

"I got a look at you back in there too. You've got a pretty big dick yourself for a little guy," he remarked casually.

I used to think that too, until I saw the size of the one on the man who was groping me, and it was humbling to think that his cock was bigger soft than mine was hard.

"You like the big ones, don't you?" the man asked as I squeezed my legs together and hoped his was paying as much attention to the road than he was to me. "You ever suck one as big as mine?"

"No," I whimpered.

"Think you're man enough to handle me?" he asked, and even though I grabbed his wrist in a futile attempt to get him to stop, it was too late. I let out a groan as I came in my sweats, and the man's laughter was ringing in my ears as I kept spurting semen into my clothing until I went limp.

He let go of me as the stain in the blue fabric expanded to cover almost my entire front, and as I sat uncomfortably in my mess, the car swung into this little nature area.

"Let's go," he said, hopping out of the car. "I don't have much time."

He walked briskly, like he was familiar with where he was going, and I had to move my legs twice as fast to keep up with him. Ducking through a faint break in the foliage, he brought me to the side of a hill, where he stood behind a tree on the incline.

Towering over me even more, he calmly undid his belt and let his trousers fall into the grass before giving his boxer shorts a quick tug down to his knees, exposing himself to me again.

"Well?" he said, giving his cock a couple of quick pulls which made seem elastic, in addition to making it even longer. "I didn't come back here just to have you look at it. You have sucked cock before, haven't you?"

I nodded yes, because that was what I had done. Sucked a cock. Once. That was in a motel room with a nice old guy - a nice old guy with a normal sized cock and not the gigantic thing that I was being presented.

The hand on my shoulder was bringing me down to my knees, and when I landed the man was holding up his cock for me to grab. The bronze-colored organ was too big for me to handle with just one hand, so i put both of my hands around the rubbery hose.

The tip of the head peeked out from the crinkled foreskin, a dusty rose in hue, and when I stared too long at it I felt the man's hand on the back of my head, making it clear that he was getting impatient.

"Watch the teeth," he muttured as I stretched my mouth out to the limit but still managed to scrape his sensitive member a couple of times before getting the hang of it.

I wasn't a very good cocksucker, that I must admit, but it must not have been too bad because the cock my lips were wrapped around was getting hard as it grew. Thankfully it didn't get all that much bigger, but it had to be about 9". I was only able to take it about half of it before gagging, so my hands pumped what my mouth couldn't reach

"C'mon. Go down further on that cock," he said, but I really couldn't.

It didn't matter, because he had other ideas. Pulling me up to my feet, he told me to drop my sticky pants while he fished around in his pants pocket for a tube of something.

"What?" I asked, even though I had hear him.

"I said turn around and bend over," he said, spinning me around and moving me up the hill to the place he had been standing.

"What are you doing?" I said when I felt his finger poking at my bottom, but he pushed me forward, causing me to catch myself with my hands.

"That's it," I heard him say as his oily finger went way up my ass. "Damn, you're tight."

"Please don't," I remember saying when I realized what was going to happen, but my vote wasn't being counted here.

I hadn't done this with the nice old man, although I might have if he had asked. The man who was now probing my rectum with his finger wasn't asking, and when his finger came out, he put something else in. Something just as hard as his finger, but a whole lot bigger.

His cock didn't go inside of my anus very easily, and for a time I thought he was going to give up, but then with one final push I felt the bulbous head of his cock tear into me. Pain? What I felt was unreal. A searing sensation filled my bowels as his enormous tool burrowed deep into me.

I sobbed onto the dried leaves below me as he started thrusting in and out, holding me up with his hands on my hips as he drove harder and harder. I could feel his balls swinging and slamming into my own between my wide spread legs as I trembled while fearing what damage he was doing to my bottom.

The sounds of nature filled my ears, but they were joined by the man's grunts and my whimpers, creating an odd chorus that thankfully no one was around to hear.

The pain began to dull after a few moments, and as he sped up he brought one of his hands around me and grabbed my limp dick, yanking on his savagely in time with his thrusting. I started to feel my dick react to his pulling, but as it did the man let out what sounded like a roar.

"Take it all," he grunted, and I could feel his cock pulsating inside of me, followed by a soothing warmth as he coated my bowels with his seed.

"Your first time?" the man asked as he led me back to the car, and I admitted that it was.

"Wasn't all that bad, was it?" he asked, and while the pain was still there, I had to confess that when it had ended, I was a little sad.

"You can let me off anywhere here," I said after we got back into the city, because I was going to take a bus home.

"I'll take you home," the man said simply, and kept driving.

I didn't want this guy to know where I lived, so I was prepared to give him a friend's address until it occurred to me that he knew where he was going. He was taking me home, and when he pulled the Cadillac up to my house, I guess my eyes were expressing my shock.

"Say hello to your Dad for me," the man said. "I voted for him last year. And be at the Y this Saturday, around 5. My wife is out of town for the weekend, so we'll have a more comfortable place to play in."

"I can't," I protested.

"You can and you will," the man said nonchalantly. "I have a friend that will join us. He likes young fellows as much as I do. So be at the Y or I'll come pick you up. How would that be? Maybe meet your folks?"

I climbed out and closed the door behind me as I heard the car window come down, and when I turned around I asked him what his name was.

"Call me Dick," he said, laughing as he repeated what time he expected me to me at the Y, and as he pulled away I waddled up the driveway, the throbbing a reminder of what had happened to me over the last hour as well as what was awaiting me in just a few days.

...

thanks for reading