 Author's note: This story was requested by a young man who shared his experience with me and asked me to write about it. I chose not to post any more stories under the title Honoring Reader Requests. All characters in this story are at least 18 years old. I decided to break the story up in to chapters since it started to get a little too long.

CHAPTER ONE -- JIMMY DISCOVERS HIS BI SIDE

INTRODUCTION

Jimmy was an 18 year old high school senior living in a modest community in the western suburbs of Chicago. He was a handsome young man at 6'0" and 180 pounds. He had brown straight hair that he liked to wear a little long and he had brown eyes. Jimmy was a gymnast and a high school cheerleader. He loved being a cheerleader and holding the girl cheerleaders up in the air with his hand on their ass. It was February when his neighbor stopped over at Jimmy's house. He was talking with Jimmy's mom and dad and then Jimmy was called into the room. 

"Jimmy, Mr. Morgan and his roommate are going skiing in Colorado and he wondered if you would be willing to keep an eye on his house?" Jimmy's dad asked.

"Hi Jimmy and please call me Roy. Jack and I will be gone for two weeks so I need someone to pick up the mail and feed our cat. Also just check around the house and make sure that there are no problems, frozen pipes or anything like that," Roy explained.

"Sure Roy, I would be happy to do that for you," Jimmy accepted.

"Great if you have a few minutes now why don't you come over and I'll show you around," Roy offered.

"Yeah, that'll be great," Jimmy said and grabbed his jacket.

Jimmy and Roy went over to Roy's house and Roy showed him where everything was. Jack was packing and he greeted Jimmy and thanked him for looking after the place. Roy showed Jimmy where the cat food and the liter box were located. Then he showed Jimmy where the circuit breaker box was and extra light bulbs. Roy explained that a couple of lights were on timers and he just had to make sure to replace the bulbs in case they burned out. 

Once he received his instructions, Roy gave Jimmy a set of keys to the house and an information sheet in case Jimmy needed to contact him. Jimmy told Roy not to worry that he would take good care of everything. Jimmy then returned to his home and put the keys and information in his room. He heard his dad and mom talking in the other room. His dad was laughing and his mom was scolding his dad.

"Frank, you're impossible, stop it," Jimmy's mother Helen said.

"What, it's true. You know those guys are gay. They will be working on their pole plant on the slopes and in the bed at night," Frank said and laughed again.

"Frank, stop it right this instant. Jimmy is home and I do not want him to hear you talk like that," Helen said firmly that time.

Jimmy laughed to himself as he always suspected the Roy and Jack were gay. However, Jimmy liked them as neighbors as they were always nice to him. They were very normal looking guys and they didn't act feminine or put on as Jimmy had seen with other gays. Jimmy figured that if they wanted to have sex together it was their business as long as they didn't bother anyone else. Jimmy then turned to his homework as he had a bunch that night.

JIMMY'S DISCOVERY

Each day after school and cheerleading practice or basketball games, Jimmy inspected the neighbor's house, fed the cat and emptied the liter box. One afternoon he got curious and he looked around in the home. He knew that he shouldn't be snooping around but he checked out the bedroom anyway. Jimmy saw a stack of CDs in the bedroom and he wondered what type of music Roy and Jack listened to. He started looking through the stack of CDs and came across a couple of DVDs. Jimmy immediately recognized the DVDs as movies. In fact they were gay porn movies. Jimmy had seen porn before at one of his friend's house but he had never watched gay porn. His curiosity got the best of him and he put one of the movies in the DVD player. Jimmy sat on the foot of his neighbor's bed and watched as the movie played.

The title of the movie was Blowing Snow and it took place at a ski area somewhere. There were eight guys sharing a house in the mountains and Jimmy noticed that the actors all had French names. Jimmy looked at the DVD cover and read that the movie was produced in Montreal so he assumed that the actors were all French Canadian. The first scene began with the eight guys arriving at the house after a day on the slopes. They all took off their ski clothes and headed for different parts of the house. 

This one guy named Billy, a slim fit handsome guy, went into the sauna with a towel wrapped around his waist. Billy was sitting on the wooden bench in the sauna when another guy entered the sauna also wearing a towel. The second guy named Henry smiled at Billy and sat next to him on the wooden bench. Billy returned the smile as Henry sat down. The two of them chatted with each other about the day on the slopes as they sat in the sauna.

The Henry ran his hands over Billy's tanned chest and teasingly pinched his nipples. Billy leaned back against the wall as Henry's moved over Billy's chest. Then Billy's towel parted and his erect cock poked out between through the towel. Jimmy guessed that Billy's cock was 7-8 inches long and probably 5 inches around. Henry took Billy's cock in one hand and held it lovingly as he moved even closer to Billy. Henry's towel also parted and his cock a similar size popped up through the opening in the towel. Henry leaned in closer to kiss Billy who returned the kiss as his hand took hold of Henry's cock. 

The two of them kissed and fondled each other's hard cock letting the towels fall away from their bodies. Jimmy noticed that both actors' bodies were completely tan. Jimmy's own cock got hard as he watched the movie and he rubbed it through his pants. On the screen Henry and Billy continued to kiss, hug and stroke each other's cock as they seemed to be in no hurry. Then Henry dropped his head to Billy's lap and took Billy's cock in his mouth. Henry then gave Billy a slow tender blow job. This was too much for Jimmy and he had to free his own 7" cock from his pants. Jimmy stood up and lowered his pants and underwear to his knees and then jerked off as he watched the movie.

Billy then moved to a kneeling position on all fours and Henry knelt behind him. Jimmy was shocked when Henry began to rim Billy's asshole. Jimmy did not know that people did that and if the scene had not been so erotic, Jimmy would have fast forwarded through that part. However Jimmy watched the scene and stroked his cock as Henry licked Billy's ass and balls. Henry's hands ran all over Billy's shapely ass and fondled Billy's balls and cock as he continued to probe Billy's anus with his tongue. Then Henry poured some liquid in his hands and rubbed it all over Billy's buttocks and in the crack of Billy's ass. Henry fingered Billy's asshole and then he put the liquid on his own cock. Jimmy watched in awe as Henry then eased his cock into Billy's ass and they began to fuck.

Jimmy watched as Henry fucked Billy and Billy must have liked having a cock in ass since his own cock remained hard. Billy groaned and moved his ass around in circles as Henry fucked him and Henry caressed Billy's curvy ass. It was one of the hottest porn scenes that Jimmy had ever seen. Henry and Billy were doing more than fucking; they looked like they were making love. Henry, after several minutes of fucking Billy, pulled out of Billy's ass and aimed his cock at Billy's buttocks. Henry jerked his cock and streams of cum shot out of his cock onto Billy's back and buttocks. Henry seemed to cum for minutes and Billy was cum covered. Henry's cum ran down between Billy's ass cheeks and over his ball sac. Jimmy was surprised when Henry put his cock back in Billy's ass and fucked him some more. 

Then Henry pulled out again and Billy rolled over on his back. Billy jerked on his cock as Henry lay down next to Billy and tongued Billy's balls. Billy's face was contorted and Jimmy knew he was close to cumming. Then cum shot out of Billy's cock and landed on the wooden bench next to his head. More cum shot out of his cock and the next several streams landed on Billy's chest and abs. Billy continued to jerk on his cock as Henry rubbed Billy's balls. Billy's cum puddled around his pubes and then Henry rubbed the warm cum into Billy's body. The scene ended when Henry moved up Billy's body and they hugged, kissed and caressed one another.

Jimmy was still stroking his cock as the scene ended but then he felt that familiar sensation in his balls and he knew he was close to cumming. Jimmy waddled into the bathroom with his pants down around his knees and stood in front of the toilet. Jimmy's hand flew over his cock and he ejaculated into his neighbor's toilet. Stream after stream of youthful cum shot from his cock and landed in the toilet. Jimmy couldn't believe how turned on he had gotten from watching the gay movie. He came in buckets like he always did but he had not expected to get so excited.

Jimmy checked the time and saw that he still had another 30 minutes before his parents got home so he decided to watch another scene in the movie. The next scene involved two guys named Andre and Jacque. They were already naked on the floor in front of the fireplace. Andre had a great looking ass and Jacque had a nice big cock, probably at least 8". It didn't take long before Andre was on his knees sucking Jacque's cock. Jacque had an uncut cock and it was the first uncut cock that Jimmy had ever seen. Andre was a very accomplished cock sucker and he was able to deep throat Jacques impressive cock. 

The two guys then moved into a 69 position sucking each other's cock. From there they moved to where Andre was on all fours and Jacque squatted over him. Andre had a marvelous ass. His body was hairless and his skin was flawless. The camera focused on Jacque as he eased his cock into Andre's ass ever so slowly. It was a very erotic scene and Jimmy grabbed a hold of his erect cock again as he watched the anal penetration.

In the scene Andre groaned as Jacque's cock made its way into Andre's asshole. The camera then moved behind them and Jimmy watched as Jacque's cock slid in and out of Andre's ass. Then Jacque dropped to his knees behind Andre with his cock still in Andre's ass. Andre put his head on the floor and turned it to one side. There was a look of submission and ecstasy on Andre's face as Jacque continued to fuck him. Jacque kept fucking Andre until it was time to cum then he pulled his cock from Andre's ass and came all over Andre's back. Jacque shot streams of cum that landed on Andre from the back of his neck down to the crack in his ass. Then Jacque put his cock back in Andre's ass for a few minutes and Andre appeared to milk Jacque's cock dry.

Andre then rolled over on his back and jerked on his own 7" cock until he came. Andre shot ropes of cum that landed on his shoulder, chest and abs. As he jerked his cock and came all over himself, Jacques rubbed Andre's balls. Andre groaned aloud as he continued to cum and Jacque caressed Andre's balls. Then Jacque cuddled up to Andre and they kissed and stroked each other. The scene had been very similar to the first one where one guy got fucked and the other guy jerked off. The massive cum shot scenes were hot and Jimmy was ready to shoot again. 

Jimmy went back into the bathroom and jerked off again. His second load was almost as voluminous as his first. Jimmy closed his eyes and imagined that he was shooting on the tanned asses of Billy and Andre. Jimmy then wiped his cock clean and straightened up his clothes. He locked up the neighbor's house and went back to his home. That night in bed he jerked off again thinking about the scenes in the movie. Normally he jerked off fantasizing about one of the girl cheerleaders but that night he was thinking about fucking Billy and Andre in the ass.

JIMMY'S CURIOSITY CONTINUES 

The next day Jimmy couldn't wait to get home and get over to the neighbor's house. He was diligent enough to take care of his duties first and then he made his way back to the bedroom. Jimmy quickly loaded the DVD back in the player and sat on the foot of the bed. He used the remote to fast forward through the first two scenes that he had watched yesterday. Then he arrived at the third scene.

This scene took place in a bathroom as two other guys in the house showered after skiing. The two guys were named Julian and Pierre and they acted as if it was their first time having sex together. When Julian finished showering he was drying off when he stared at Pierre standing at the sink nude brushing his hair. Julian looked at his friend's well toned body and his round shapely ass. Unlike the other actors, Pierre and Julian were tanned golden brown except for their asses and pubes. They had tan lines that actually accentuated their asses against the tanned bodies. Jimmy felt a stirring in his loins as he looked at their hot shapely asses.

Julian hung up the towel and stepped from the shower and he moved behind his friend. Julian let his hand graze over Pierre's shapely buttock. Julian acted like a sensation moved through his body and his cock became erect at the touch of his friend's skin. Pierre's buttocks tightened at the touch and Julian caressed Pierre's ass again and Pierre's cock sprung to attention.

Julian stepped up close to his friend and wrapped his arms around his chest and nuzzled his neck. Julian's erect cock pressed against Pierre's ass and he sighed deeply. Julian's hands moved down Pierre's chest over his abs and covered his pubes. Julian took Pierre's cock in one hand and cupped Pierre's balls in the other as Julian's cock nestled in the crack of Pierre's ass. Pierre groaned as Julian stroked his cock and fondled his testicles.

Julian then turned Pierre around to face him and kissed him deeply. As their tongues dueled as they kissed and Julian reached down and grabbed both their erect cocks in one hand and stroked them together. They stayed like that for several minutes until Julian dropped down on his knees and took his friend's cock in his mouth. He sucked on Pierre for a short while before he stood up and spoke.

"Let's go back to bed and we can suck each other," Julian whispered.

The two of them went back to their room and they both got in bed. Julian showed Pierre how to move into a 69 position as they lay on their sides. Julian took Pierre's cock back into his mouth and Pierre followed Julian's lead. They took the cocks as deep in their mouths as they made love to each other. Julian grabbed Pierre's ass cheeks and held them as he sucked Pierre's cock. Pierre copied every move that Julian made and soon they were both sucking cock and fondling each other's ass. Julian moved a finger between Pierre's ass cheeks and tickled his anus and again Pierre did the same thing to his friend. 

"I want to fuck you Pierre," Julian whispered to his friend.

The two beautiful friends separated from their 69 position and Julian told Pierre to get on all fours. Pierre did as he was told and positioned himself on all fours. Pierre appeared leery of the anal penetration and he looked back over his shoulder with trepidation at his friend.

"Don't worry Pierre, I will grease you up good before I fuck you," Julian said trying to sound reassuring.

Julian played with Pierre's ass a long time as he appeared to love fingering his friend's bung-hole and caressing his shapely ass. Pierre stayed hard throughout the ass fucking foreplay. It was just then that Julian told him to turn over. Pierre lifted his legs and placed them on Julian's shoulders as Julian directed.

"I want to see the expression on your face when I fuck you and take your virginity," Julian said in a raspy voice.

Julian placed the head of his cock at Pierre's ass and pressed forward testing his hole. Julian added more lubricant to his cock as he pulled back and rubbed the head of his cock around Pierre's asshole. Every few seconds Julian would push inside Pierre and then pull back going deeper each time. Julian's next thrust was with a purpose and his cock pushed passed Pierre's sphincter.

Julian remained inside him and did not move allowing Pierre to adjust to his cock. Pierre asked him to pull out for a second and Julian did. Pierre then placed his heels on Julian's ass and pulled Julian back to him. Julian's cock re-entered Pierre's ass and pushed passed his sphincter again. Julian stopped once again and remained still for a moment and waited for Pierre's reaction. Pierre rotated his hips and arched his back to get Julian further inside him. Julian's cock slid in and out of Pierre slowly until he had finally buried all 7+ inches in Pierre's ass. 

Julian pulled out a little and then he stopped and pushed back inside and Pierre began to rotate his hips again. Then Julian pulled almost all of the way out and then plunged inside fucking his friend senseless. Pierre moaned in response to Julian's pounding and they began to make love. Julian leaned over him and Pierre wrapped his legs around him, hooking his ankles together and they began rocking and moving beautifully together. Pierre acted as if he was being fucked for the first time and he loved it.

Julian was fucking Pierre hard and fast like a woman and he reveled in each thrust. Jimmy watched the scene as Pierre's balls and erect cock bounced around as Julian fucked him. Julian began to moan louder and louder, and fucked harder and faster. Julian grunted and then he pulled out of Pierre's ass. Julian pumped his cock hard and when he came, he shot cum all over Pierre's chest, abs and pubes. Julian had cum all over Pierre but he remained hard and put his cock back in Pierre's ass. Julian continued to fuck Pierre's ass. Then Julian collapsed on top of his friend and then they kissed. Julian lay on top of him with all of his weight resting on Pierre. Pierre wrapped his legs around Julian until the big cock grew soft inside him. They stayed in each other's arms for a long time and no words were spoken. They just held each other, kissed and ran their hands over each other. Julian's cock softened and slipped from Pierre's ass and cum ran out of Pierre's ass onto the bed. 

"Pierre I want you to fuck me now. Would you like to fuck me?" Julian asked.

"Oh yes!" Pierre gasped.

Julian got on all fours and handed his friend the lube. "Put plenty of that stuff on your cock and in my ass."

Jimmy liked the scenes better when one of the guys was on all fours. It was pretty hot watching them fuck missionary style but Jimmy really got turned on watching the guys fuck doggy style. Jimmy had his pants down to his knees again and he was jerking off as he watched the movie.

Pierre knelt behind Julian and he began to caress his friend's beautiful ass. Julian's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. Julian looked like a woman from behind with his shapely curvy ass in the air. Pierre put an ample amount of lotion in his hands and rubbed it all around Julian's bung hole. Then Pierre inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing Julian for his cock. He moved closer to Julian and lined up the head of his cock with Julian's anal opening and began to ease it into to him. 

Pierre spat on his hand and rubbed his saliva all over his cock which made it very slick when combined with the lotion. Pierre's cock head cleared Julian's sphincter and it slid right in without resistance and Pierre went deep into him. Pierre was all the way in Julian's ass and he started a slow fucking motion. Pierre continued to pump Julian's ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as he caressed his friend's smooth round ass. 

Julian asked Pierre to fuck him harder and quicker. So Pierre picked up the pace and he started pounding Julian's ass faster and faster. Pierre's balls started bouncing off of his friend's balls and Julian was moaning with each thrust of cock. Then Pierre suddenly pulled out of Julian's as and fired a barrage of cum onto his friend's ass, and lower back. Pierre jerked his cock and aimed it at Julian's asshole. Then Pierre wiped his cock on Julian's curvy buttocks and pushed it back into Julian's asshole. The two of them then fell forward on the bed with Pierre's cock still in Julian's ass. Their two bodies undulated until Pierre's soft cock slipped from Julian's ass. Pierre rolled off of Julian and the two of them hugged and kissed as they remained in bed.
