 I had my first experience with another man at the age of 19. It had always been a thought in my mind, but I never really felt compelled to try it until I came across a local gay dating website. I met a guy through the chat room and we ended up watching porn and masturbating together. I sucked his dick for a few minutes, but we came while watching each other work our shafts. It was exciting, but didn't live up to the experiences I had with my girlfriends at the time. I knew I wanted to experience more.

I hooked up with several more guys online, and became pretty sufficient at using my mouth for the pleasure of my fellow man. I loved it; the feel of a smooth cock head squeezing into my throat and the continuous hardening until it finally exploded over my tongue. It made my heart race to hear another man groaning as I brought him to ecstasy, knowing that I controlled his pleasure. It gave me a sense of power while also degrading me. I felt so dirty on my knees with cum and saliva dripping from the corners of my lips. Then there was the difference between getting a blowjob from my high school girlfriends and getting one from an experienced man. The girls may have had enthusiasm and an urge to please going for them, but a man knows what a man wants. I was loving life, but I was waiting to go one step further. I wanted to get fucked.

Nowadays I'm pretty heavyset, but around the time I hit twenty I was looking alright. Oh I was overweight, but beneath my gut was a pretty impressive set of muscles. I'm 6'3 and was weighing in at about 270. I had the good fortune to take to weightlifting, and had large pecs and tight swollen biceps. I basically looked like an out of shape linebacker. With my shaggy brown hair and gray eyes I cut a nice figure (or at least I like to think I did)

Through the site I had been exchanging emails with Tom for a few weeks, discussing our interests and sexual fantasies. We decided to meet for coffee one night, but as I drove up, the place was closed. He pulled up beside me and I jumped into his car. We debated going to his place but his straight roommate had gotten home, making any potential fun a bit awkward. We ended up pulling into a secluded lot and making out for awhile. He was even bigger than me; taller by an inch and a good bit heavier, but he was cute and had thick, kissable lips. As our tongues danced between our lips I placed my hand on his thigh and gave it a squeeze. Sliding up his leg I ran into something in his pocket. Except isn't a pocket on the outside of your leg? And no pocket goes this far down.....

I gasped and my hand shot to his zipper. I had to see what I had stumbled upon. As I yanked his fly open and began fishing out the his thick root from it's base, I was astonished. I could barely fit my very large hand around it and the more I pulled the longer it seemed. Finally I freed this giant member and in the moonlight I could tell that it was the largest I had ever seen. Possibly even larger than any in my vast porn collection. At least ten inches long and as thick as a fat baby's upper leg, it was still half flaccid. I didn't waste any time and dove face first onto his lap. I fought to get it into my throat, but in the tight confines of the car I couldn't maneuver very well. After some neck breaking gymnastics and a heavily tested gag reflex I had worked my way down about half the length,

His hand was massaging my balls through my jeans and he began working my pants over my backside, which was pointed out the window. Thankfully no one drove by and saw, and he managed to get his hand under my waistband. There was a sudden pressure from behind and I felt his massive finger pushing it's way into my ass. At first I winced from the violation, but I quickly came to want more and pushed back against Tom's palm. As the resistance gave way I felt a rush, and his finger was deep in me with a slight pop. Lust overtook me and I started to piston my head up and down, impaling myself further onto him. Within minutes I had gained a few more inches. I felt like his inhuman shaft was going to reach my stomach. With every last bit of willpower to think straight I had left, I fought the urge to choke and forced myself even lower onto that magnificent cock. As I struggled and my throat constricted, I felt Tom add another finger to my stretched anus. He was moaning and pushing up into my mouth, his balls radiating heat and beginning to swell.

As he turned his wrist and pumped his fingers deeper into me I lost all control over myself and somehow kept creeping farther down his pole. I have no clue how large it was once fully erect, but I was determined to take it deeper than anyone had before. Slowly I crept along, sweating and tearing up. He gave a tremendous gasp as my tongue brushed his balls. Without warning I forced the last inch in and as my nose ground into his pubic bone I heard a roar trying to escape his lips. I say try, because it never quite escaped as the force of his load erupting into me pulled everything out of him. I could feel the seed shooting down my gullet, but he was lodged so deeply I couldn't even hope to taste him. There was no spit or swallow decision, I could just wait for the spasms to subside and his dick to shrink enough to dislodge itself. 

I knew at that very instant that I had to have this man inside me again, but next time I wanted him to take my only remaining virginity. I was desperate to be fucked and used by the greatest cock I had ever seen. As he gingerly pulled himself from my mouth I asked when he would be free without a pesky roommate at home.

"You are insatiable!", he laughed as he slid his fingers from my ass. 

After everything I was too worn out to even care about getting off. We made plans to meet the next week, on what ended up being my 21st birthday. I got up that morning and, after a quick birthday call from my parents, headed out to meet Tom. We didn't bother with our plan for coffee and a stop at a nearby porn shop, instead rushing to his house. Once on his couch I tore his pants down found his cock encased in a leather bondage pouch. Playing along, I asked if I could please unfasten it. With his ok, I popped the snaps with my teeth, allowing his length to spring out and slap my chin before falling against his thigh. I ran my tongue from tip to taint, happily finding a cockring squeezing the base.

I preceded to tongue bathe his heavy testicles. He had shaved them clean for the event, and I was all too happy to search the entire surface to test the smoothness. I picked up where I had been the week before and started to work his round head deep into into my mouth. He didn't wait long, though, and with a pinch of my hardening nipple asked if I was ready. I knew I couldn't wait a minute longer. I had practiced for this with butt plugs, but had never tried something half this size. I lubed us both up, and at Tom's suggestion tried to lower myself onto him while he sat on the couch. But I found that I couldn't prop myself on top of his mountainous dick, and we gave that up. I got on my knees and lowered my chest to the floor, spreading my ass wide. I felt the front of his legs touch the back of mine and his balls swing into mine as he stroked his cock behind me. 

"Here we go.", he mumbled and pressed what felt like an apple made of flesh against my backside. 

Tom began to lean against me, putting his weight into trying to get past my opening. At first I was instinctively fighting it, and had to concentrate on relaxing and trying to force my ring to loosen, but eventually I felt a slight stretching. It was miniscule, but Tom had felt it, too, and it motivated him to push harder into me. My ass began to open and soon I realized I had stretched enough to fit the entire head. I already felt like I was being torn apart, but our slow approach and liberal use of lube were keeping me comfortable. I felt my own cock hardening without being touched, and the further he inched, the more I grew. I let out a very slight moan, and with lust taking over I leaned back a bit.

Once he had fed me the first half of his cock, Tom started to rock back and forth. My ass was opening more at the repeated attack and he was coming closer to me with each thrust. In a surprisingly short time, I noticed his stomach bumping me. He was almost all the way in! Finally able to concentrate on the pleasure, I realized how far his cock had traveled into me. It seemed like it was rubbing my back from within while at the same time tapping the bottom of my stomach. But it was when the massive underside of his head ran past my prostate that I would actually shiver with joy. I could do nothing other than lay there and enjoy, the sensation was so immense that I couldn't hope to change positions or move differently.

The pace quickened and my ass was becoming hotter and hotter, which Tom could clearly feel. He was bent forward, pinching my nipple with one hand while steadying my hip with the other. The slap of our bodies colliding was getting louder and his balls were constantly crashing into mine. He had bottomed out, stuck deep inside of me, and it was becoming too much for him. His thrusts were shorter and quicker, and he barely pulled back at all. He just ground his cock against the tight constriction of my ass, building up to his orgasm. I was close as well and could feel my cock begin to spasm, but nothing came out. It was like someone was shaking a soda bottle but not letting the fizz explode, and the pressure just kept growing. But with a howl, Tom let loose a torrent of hot cum. It was like he was trying to fill me with it. I could feel the jizz shooting heavily into my bowels, coating my insides. He had lost himself in the moment and was twitching silently against me. I had no will or ability to move as I still was in the midst of my shot-less multiple orgasm.

As Tom finally started to slide his still swollen member from me it gave one lass bit of a rub to my prostate, sending me into convulsions. As he plopped out I fell quickly onto my side and rolled back to grab my straining dick. Right before my hand could reach it, I felt a boiling heat blast through and my seed sprayed several feet into the air. I could feel the cum rushing out and practically hear it launch. It rained down on my face, chest and stomach, more than I had ever seen. As the hard blasts subsided, it still flowed out, coating my balls and dripping between my thighs. I must have kept erupting for close to a minute and couldn't move for another ten. Tom eventually went to get a wet towel and he helped clean me. After a long recovery time, I dressed and prepared to be on my way.

"Happy birthday, cutie!" Tom smirked as he slid his tongue into my mouth. 

How right he was.