 Author's note: This story was requested by a young man who shared his experience with me and asked me to write about it. I chose not to post any more stories under the title Honoring Reader Requests. All characters in this story are at least 18 years old. I decided to break the story up in to chapters since it started to get a little too long. This is the final chapter. 

CHAPTER THREE – JIMMY LEARNS ABOUT BRUCE AND COLIN

The cheerleading squad was getting ready for the national competition and they were practicing very hard each day. One afternoon, Jimmy had showered, dressed and left the boy's locker room after practice. On his way home he remembered that he had left his pack in the locker room so he returned to retrieve it. Not in his wildest imagination would he ever expect to witness the scene in the shower.

Jimmy arrived at his locker and retrieved his pack. He could still hear the shower running and he could hear voices just loud enough not to be drained out by the water. Jimmy heard the one voice louder than the others and he knew it was the coach speaking. Jimmy could hardly believe his ears.

"Let's get you're cocks and assholes nice and clean and then we'll have some fun," the coach said to whoever was in the shower.

Jimmy's curiosity got the better of him and he just had to see who the coach was talking to. Jimmy peaked around the shower wall and saw the three naked bodies. It was Coach Rice and two of the cheerleaders, Colin and Bruce. Coach Rice was washing Colin's body and stroking Colin's cock with one hand while he fingered Colin's asshole with the other hand. Bruce stood by and stroked his own cock as he watched his classmate get fondled and fingered. Jimmy had always suspected that Bruce and Colin were gay and now he knew for sure.

Coach Rice was naked and he was sporting an impressive boner. Jimmy guessed the coach's cock to be about 7" long and at least 5" around. Just about the same size as Jimmy's own cock. Jimmy noticed that Bruce and Colin had average size cocks at about 6". Satisfied that Colin was clean, Coach Rice turned his attention to Bruce and he was soon stroking Bruce's throbbing cock and fingering Bruce's asshole. This time Colin stroked his cock while he watched the coach play with Bruce's body.

Jimmy broke away for a minute and ran to the locker room door and locked it from the inside. He did not want anyone else to enter the locker room while he was there. Jimmy then returned to his vantage point to watch the action. When he looked back in the shower room, Bruce and Colin were standing back to back with their naked buttocks touching as Coach Rice jerked both their cocks.

"The great thing about you young men is that you can cum all day," the coach said as he jerked them off.

Coach Rice kept stroking the two young cocks until they shot their first loads of the day. Bruce came first and fired a barrage of cum across the shower room. Coach Rice kept stroking Bruce's cock as he came until Bruce was weak kneed and begged for a break. Coach Rice then turned his full attention to Colin. He rubbed Colin's balls as he jerked Colin's cock and within minutes Colin was spurting cum all over the shower floor. Jimmy had never seen guys have sex live before and he found it somewhat erotic. 

Jimmy thought about the times that he jerked off and how it felt when his cum shot through his pulsating cock and then about the times he jerked off Josh. Jimmy knew what the coach felt with the young throbbing cocks shooting their big loads out of their pulsating cocks. Jimmy was brought back to reality when the coach turned the shower off.

"Bruce since you came first today, you will get fucked first," the coach announced.

Bruce turned to the shower wall and placed his hands on the wall. He arched his back slightly further accentuating his curvy ass. Jimmy noticed that Bruce had a nice ass and thought that many a girl would kill for an ass like that. Bruce had no body hair and he looked very fuckable and very vulnerable at the moment. Coach Rice stepped up behind Bruce and eased his big thick cock into the student's asshole. Bruce gasped and dropped his head as he felt the impressive tool spread his anus. Bruce had been fucked before by the coach but every time he had the same sensation of being stretched open. Coach Rice was gentle with Bruce and slowly fed his cock to him a little at a time. The coach would back out a little and then feed more of his cock into Bruce's ass. Once the cock was embedded in Bruce's ass the coach began to fuck him slowly.

Coach Rice directed Colin to suck Bruce's cock. Colin got down on his knees in front of Bruce and began blowing his classmate. Colin had obviously done this before and he handled Bruce's cock quite easily. Bruce was beside himself with the dual attention and it wasn't long before Bruce shot a load into Colin's mouth. Jimmy watched as Colin seemed to swallow rapidly to keep cum from running out of his mouth. Once again Bruce got weak kneed and he pushed Colin's mouth off of his cock. Jimmy realized that his own cock was rock hard in his pants but he dared not take it out to jerk off at least not this time.

After Colin had sucked Bruce's cock dry, he changed places with Bruce. Now Colin was balancing himself against the shower wall as the coach began to butt fuck Colin. Colin too had a nice shapely ass and he grunted as the coach skewered it with his cock. Bruce dropped down and took Colin's cock in his mouth. The scene was repeated as Bruce sucked off Colin this time as the coach fucked Colin in the ass. Colin reached down with one hand and held Bruce's head as he shot his load into Bruce's mouth. Bruce dutifully sucked and swallowed cum from Colin's cock. Colin finally pushed Bruce's head away as the sensations got to be too much for Colin to take with Bruce nibbling on his cock while the coach fucked Colin's ass.

Jimmy was sure that he would cum in his pants if the action continued. The coach had not cum yet so Jimmy was in for more voyeurism. Just then Bruce, who was hard again, was directed by Coach Rice to fuck Colin in the ass. Bruce's cock slipped in easily especially after Colin's asshole had been stretched by Coach Rice's cock. The coach then got behind Bruce and once again pushed his thick cock into Bruce's tight asshole. The three of them got a rhythm going and Jimmy was sure that the coach would cum this time.

"Fuck him Coach Rice, fuck his ass just like he's fucking mine," Colin called out. 

Bruce's fate was sealed and Coach Rice eased more of his cock into Bruce's ass. Coach Rice was gentle though relentless in his quest to fuck Bruce and cum in his ass. Coach Rice would push in a little and stop allowing Bruce to adjust along the way. Finally Coach Rice began a rocking motion and began fucking Bruce slowly. Bruce's ass had stretched enough now that he was comfortable with Coach Rice's cock in him and he resumed fucking his teammate. As Bruce picked up the pace fucking Colin in the ass he was pushing his own ass back onto Coach Rice's cock. Coach Rice stopped moving as he didn't have to move at all while Bruce was fucking Colin. Bruce would bury his cock in Colin and in the process his ass would slide along Coach Rice's cock. When Bruce withdrew slightly from Colin's ass he impaled his ass on Coach Rice's cock. Coach Rice inched closer and closer as Bruce seemed to be able to take more and more of his cock. Then Jimmy saw Coach Rice's pubic hair brush against Bruce's buttocks and he realized that Coach Rice was all the way in Bruce's ass. Jimmy was still amazed that Bruce had taken all of Coach Rice's big thick cock. Bruce seemed proud of himself now and he picked up the pace fucking his teammate and impaling himself of Coach Rice's cock.

Coach Rice this time came before Bruce did but when Bruce felt cum shoot into his ass he lost it. Bruce's buttocks tightened as he plunged his cock all the way into Colin's ass and unleashed his third load of the day. Bruce flooded his classmate's rectum with an enormous load. Bruce's buttocks clenched and unclenched as he came in Colin's ass and he milked every drop of cum from Coach Rice's cock. Coach Rice caressed Bruce's shapely ass as he let his cock be milked dry. Jimmy liked looking at the tanned students with their lily white asses. The fact that they had tan lines emphasized the shape of their curvy bottoms.

Colin was erect again after the fuck session, so this time he fucked Bruce. Coach Rice watched Bruce fuck back at his teammate's cock and then he too got hard again. Bruce also got hard again as Colin fucked him. This time Colin would take Coach Rice's cock in his ass as he fucked Bruce's ass. The three of them fucked until Coach Rice came for his second and final time. He flooded Colin's ass with cum which in turn triggered Colin's ejaculation. Colin stiffened and fired his third load of the day into his teammate's ass.

Coach Rice told the two students to suck each other off before taking a shower. Jimmy watched in amazement as Colin and Bruce lay on the shower floor in a 69 position and sucked each other's cock until they both came again. After their fourth loads of the day, the two cheerleaders stepped back under the showers and washed their bodies clean of all traces of cum, remarkably they both got erections again but this time they did not try to cum. Colin and Bruce finished showering and grabbed some towels.

Jimmy figured that Coach Rice had to be bi-sexual. The coach was married and during the sessions with Bruce and Colin the coach never sucked their cocks nor did he let them fuck him. Jimmy assumed the coach was still fucking his wife. Jimmy thought it was cool that the coach who could fuck his wife and also enjoy the pleasures of sex with male partners. Jimmy then thought about his own situation and decided that he too liked having sex with both boys and girls and that he and Coach Rice had that in common. 

Jimmy left his vantage point and left the locker room undetected. That night Jimmy lay in his bed and he was as horny as a three puckered billy goat. He couldn't help stroking his rock hard cock and as he did Jimmy could not get his mind off Colin and Bruce and he imagined that he was fucking them both in the ass. Jimmy's hand flew over his cock as he raced toward his first ejaculation. He closed his eyes and imagined that he was cumming in Colin's ass. Jimmy felt the familiar surge in his scrotum and then his cum flew out of his cock. Stream after stream shot out and landed on his chest, abs and pubes.

Jimmy kept stroking his cock until all his seed came out and puddled on his pubes. Jimmy let his deflating cock rest on his pubic area as he breathed deeply following his massive orgasm. His cock didn't stay soft for long as Jimmy though about Colin and Bruce again. The images of them being fucked by Coach Rice were still vivid in his mind. Jimmy jerked off again that night thinking about Colin and Bruce. Jimmy knew that he wasn't gay and that he had no interest in another guy's cock but after his voyeuristic experience he was definitely interested in Bruce and Colin He eventually fell asleep pondering about how he would approach Bruce and Colin.

JIMMY CONFRONTS BRUCE AND COLIN

Jimmy had not been downtown for weeks to see Josh and the national competition was coming up in a week. Josh had been busy with school and his roommate and did not have time to see him. Jimmy decided that his fling with Josh was over at least for now and he focused on his classmates. Jimmy continued to date a couple of girls and managed to have sex with them but as before neither of them liked having their asses played with. 

At cheerleading practice the coach made a switch with partners and assigned Darlene to Jimmy. Darlene had filled in for another injured girl but since she was a little heavier she was assigned to the stronger Jimmy. Darlene was attractive and pleasant and Jimmy liked her. She had a nice fleshy ass that Jimmy liked putting his hand on when he lifted her and Darlene seemed to like having a hand on her ass. She and Jimmy kidded around and Jimmy felt that it might be possible to get to Darlene's ass.

That weekend at the national competition, the cheerleading squad checked in the hotel on a Thursday night. Bruce and Colin were sharing a room and when it was learned that they would have to triple up, Jimmy volunteered to stay withy Bruce and Colin. Jimmy noticed that Bruce and Colin were disappointed when they heard the news that Jimmy would be staying in their room but Jimmy figured to change their attitude before the weekend was over.

The cheerleaders checked in their rooms and got settled before they attended a team meeting. At the meeting the coaches went over the practice schedule for Friday and the competition schedule for Saturday and Sunday. The cheerleaders learned that other than dining together and following the schedules that they were on their own to use the hotel facilities. After the meeting Thursday evening, everyone returned to their rooms.

There were two double beds in Jimmy's room and it was decided that Colin and Bruce would share one bed and Jimmy would take the other bed. The three boys stripped down to their underwear and Jimmy noticed that Colin and Bruce checked him out. Jimmy was a little surprised that his teammates checked him out in his boxer shorts as they had seen him naked in the locker room shower. Jimmy turned on the TV and sat in bed as Colin and Bruce got in the other bed.

Jimmy looked over at his teammates and wondered if they would try to have sex with him in the room. Then Jimmy decided to give them the go ahead. "Hey if you guys want to get in on with each other, I'm cool with that," Jimmy told them.

Colin and Bruce were momentarily shocked by Jimmy's statement and Bruce replied, "What do you mean by that?"

"I know that you guys are gay. I saw you with Coach Rice one day. It's okay," Jimmy added.

"When did you see us?" Colin asked with urgency in his voice.

Jimmy then told them when he had seen them having sex with Coach Rice. Jimmy told them every detail about what he had witnessed. Colin and Bruce were shocked by Jimmy's account of that afternoon. However they knew they had been busted.

"Have you told anyone?" Colin quizzed Jimmy.

"Of course not, I just wanted you two to know that I know. Your secret is safe with me," Jimmy assured them.

"And you don't care if we get in on with you in the room?" Bruce asked to verify Jimmy's position.

"Not at all, I enjoyed watching you guys in the locker room," Jimmy confirmed.

"Have you ever had sex with a guy?" Colin asked almost hopefully.

"Yeah a couple of times but I am not into sucking cock or taking it in the ass. But I love to get blowjobs and fuck shapely asses like you guys have," Jimmy admitted.

Colin and Bruce were anxious to hear about Jimmy's experiences so Jimmy told them about his venture into the bi world. Jimmy told them about house sitting for his gay neighbors and watching the gay porn movies. He told them how watching the hot looking guys in the movies got him turned on to anal sex. Then Jimmy told them about his fling with Josh and the times they were together. By the time Jimmy had finished his story, Bruce and Colin had their arms around each other and they were both hard. Bruce then reached in Colin's shorts and fondled Colin's cock. 

Jimmy watched as his two teammates kissed and then removed their undershorts. First Bruce peeled down Colin's undershorts and Colin's stiff prick popped into view. Then Colin removed Bruce's shorts revealing Bruce's erect cock. The two moved into a 69 position and sucked each other's cock as they fingered each other's ass. Bruce then broke away and took some lube from his bag and returned to the bed to lubricate Colin's asshole. 

Things then moved quickly and Bruce began fucking Colin in bed. 

As Jimmy watched the two of them fuck he felt his own cock harden in his shorts. Jimmy at that moment decided to test the water with Colin. He stripped off his shorts and his big 7+" inch cock sprung to attention. Jimmy walked around in front of Colin. They stopped fucking and they both stared at his imposing cock.

"I thought that you two may like to have some company," Jimmy said as he waved his big dick in front of Colin's face.

"Do it Colin, suck his cock. It's okay. Let's make it a threesome," Bruce urged.

Colin tentatively reached for Jimmy's cock. He held the long thick cock in his hand briefly before he finally licked the head with his tongue. Colin liked the girth of Jimmy's cock as he could not quite wrap his hand all the way around it. Colin opened his mouth and took the head into his mouth and he felt his jaw strain to accommodate Jimmy's size. Colin only took about four inches of Jimmy's cock into his mouth and began to suck on it. Bruce resumed fucking Colin as Colin sucked on Jimmy's cock. The whole scene had the three of them turned on and it didn't take long for Bruce to cum and fill his teammate's ass with his first massive load of the day. Bruce had been looking forward to fucking Colin all day.

Jimmy loved the blow job he was getting from Colin as it was as good as any Josh had given him. Even though Colin was still adjusting to Jimmy's size he did a good job sucking his cock. It had been a few days since Jimmy had had sex so when he came he flooded Colin's mouth. Colin was taken back by the force and amount of cum that Jimmy shot into his mouth. Colin had to pull off Jimmy's cock to keep from gagging and the remainder of Jimmy's cum splashed off of Colin's forehead and face. Bruce emptied his balls into Colin's ass as he watched Jimmy's massive load hit his lover's face. Colin wiped cum off his face and licked his fingers clean.

"I need to cum," Colin gasped with desire.

Bruce moved into position to be fucked and Colin got the lube and prepared Bruce's ass. As Colin was fingering Bruce's shapely ass Jimmy decided that he would fuck Colin. Jimmy took the lube and fingered Colin's ass just as he had done with Josh's ass. Colin was leery of Jimmy's cock as it seemed a little bigger than Coach Rice's. Colin slipped his cock into Bruce's ass and began fucking him while Jimmy continued to finger fuck Colin. Colin actually liked the anal penetration as he fucked Colin and he hoped that Jimmy would fuck him. Jimmy satisfied that Colin's ass was well lubed applied a generous amount of lube to his own cock. Jimmy moved in behind Colin and pushed his cock into Colin's asshole. Colin tensed and pleaded with Jimmy to fuck him gently.

"Jimmy, you're big but I can take you in my ass if you go slowly," Colin cautioned.

"Fuck him Jimmy, fuck his ass just like he's fucking mine," Bruce urged.

Colin's fate was sealed and Jimmy eased more of his cock into Colin's ass. Jimmy was gentle though relentless in his quest to fuck Colin. Jimmy would push in a little and stop allowing Colin to adjust along the way. Finally Jimmy began a rocking motion and began fucking Colin slowly. Colin's ass had stretched enough now that he was comfortable with Jimmy's cock in him and he resumed fucking Bruce. As Colin picked up the pace fucking Bruce in the ass he was pushing his own ass back onto Jimmy's cock. Jimmy stopped moving as he didn't need work so hard while Colin was fucking Bruce. Colin would bury his cock in Bruce and in the process his ass would slide along Jimmy's cock. When Colin withdrew slightly from Bruce's ass he impaled his ass on Jimmy's cock. Jimmy inched closer and closer as Colin seemed to be able to take more and more of his cock. Then Colin felt Jimmy's pubic hair brush against his buttocks and he realized that Jimmy was all the way in his ass. Colin couldn't believe that he had taken all of Jimmy's big thick cock. Colin was proud of himself now and he picked up the pace fucking Bruce and impaling himself on Jimmy's cock.
