 I never thought I was bisexual. All my wet dreams, fantasies and sexual experiences had been with women. Never did the thought of having sex with a man enter my mind. I could watch a woman bend over in a pair of tight jeans and it seemed like my dick wanted to jump out of my pants. See a woman in a halter-top with just the slight curve of her breast sticking out, milky white flesh showing, and I couldn't talk. Having sex with another man? Out of the question.

Then one day a friend of mine told me he had just started a part time job, working at an adult bookstore. I went down to see him and we sat around bullshitting and swapping lies when the owner of the bookstore came in. As we spoke he said he had another bookstore on the other side of town and wanted to know if I would be interested in working part time. We came to an agreement on the pay and I thought what a great way to make a few extra bucks. Just dole out quarters for the video booths and ring up pornographic books and videos. 

My first night working was when I first became aware at the large number of gay magazines and films we had in inventory. I also discovered that about half of the videos in the booths were gay oriented. For some reason this piqued my curiosity. I finally broke down and opened one of the gay magazines. The first thing I saw was a man in his early twenties lying on his back with his massive cock sticking straight up. In the background another young man was undressing. The next page showed the guy lying down having his big dick hand pumped by his friend and then the friend had this guy's throbbing meat stuffed into his mouth. The following page showed the first guy shooting a massive amount of hot cum right into the face of his lover. 

I was surprised to find myself feeling uncomfortable because my throbbing erection was pressed so hard against my jeans. I went home that night and the image of that guys sucking the other man's dick kept repeating itself over and over in my mind. I finally had to strip down and star jacking myself off. The whole time thinking what it must have felt like to have a hard dick in my mouth. It didn't take long for me to shoot a huge wad of cum that shot out of me so hard some of it hit my face. Out of curiosity I slid my finger over the cum and then stuck my cum drenched finger in my mouth. My first thought was that it didn't taste as bad as I thought it would. Women who had sucked me off always made awful faces, gagged coughed, or just wouldn't swallow my cum. So, naturally, I thought it must taste horrible. But, I found I rather liked the flavor.

The next night at the bookstore I was so horny I couldn't stand it. Here I was surrounded by images of naked people screwing, sucking, licking asses and cumming all over each other. I also knew that I really wanted to suck someone's cock. 

Around 11 p.m., a guy in his late thirties walked in. He was about 6-feet tall, sandy brown hair and was wearing shorts. He smiled as he walked by the counter and then headed back to the video booths. A few minutes later I noticed him come out and could see he had a raging hardon under those shorts. He went over to the paperback books and began looking at the selection of gay novels. 

I don't know what came over me, I had to do something. I knew there were only two other people in the building and they were back in the booths. I got up from my station and walked over to the paperback book sections. I noticed this guy was rubbing his had dick through his shorts with his thumb, keeping it nice and hard. I stood next to him for a moment and then knelt down next to him and picked up and book, thumbed through it and then put it back. Then I leaned over to get another book on the bottom shelf and let the side of my head rub against his hard cock. When I slid back, he reached down and touched the top of my head, stopping me right in front of his fly. I slid my hand rub and ran my fingers around the outline of his manhood. Then I reached over and squeezed his cock. I felt it harden even more under my touch.

Here I was, in a well-lit room, with other people that could walk in or out and any given moment and I don't care. I want to feel this man's cock, I want to touch it, squeeze it, rub it, and I wanted to feel it in my mouth! He looked around and checked the room and then unzipped his fly. Out came a beautiful 7-inch dick. The head was smooth and already starting to drip precum. I could tell his heart rate by watching his sweet cock pulsing in front of my face. 

I stuck my tongue out and licked the precum off the head of his throbbing member and then tried to stick my tongue into his peehole to get more of the sticky-sweet juice. Then I opened my mouth and sucked the head of his cock into my hot, watering mouth. I couldn't believe the sensation. While his dick was erect and very hard, it also has a softness to it that felt good in my mouth. Feeling it throb against the roof of my mouth made my own cock jump up and down. I slid as much of it as I dare into my mouth and then slowly slid it back out. I wanted to feel the curve of every vein, feel my mouth open slightly more to let the head of his cock get past my teeth, run my wet lips slowly down the head until I was just kissing the tip of his dick and then watching the string of precum going from his cock to my lower lip. 

Then I put his cock back in my mouth. Slowly I began picking up the speed of my first blowjob. I reached around and grabbed his ass and pulled him towards me. He placed his hands on my head and helped show the rhythm he liked. I thought my neck might get tired, but the adrenaline from all the sexual excitement kept me sucking on this gorgeous cock. A few times he would slide in deeper than I was ready for and it was all I could do to keep from gagging, but the feel of hot, pulsating, manmeat in my throat was enough to keep me sucking him and trying to take it deeper and deeper into the back of my mouth.

I started noticing him getting more and more tense. I knew he would be cumming soon and I needed to make a decision ... do I swallow his love juice or let it spill on the floor, and the books, and shelves, and me. Remembering the taste of my own cum the night before, I decided I wanted him to shoot his love lava in my throat. I wanted to eat his cum. 

I didn't take long before he stiffened up and launched his shot of cum in my hungry mouth. The first shot took me by surprise and gagged slightly and started swallowing as fast as I could. Some of the sweet juice escaped from the side of my mouth and ran down my chin. He must have four or five huge spurts of steamy cum into my mouth. I was really enjoying myself and couldn't enough. I kept on sucking him hard, even though he was trembling and had to grab the bookshelf to keep from falling down. I wanted more of his cum. 

After a few moments his sweet cock began to soften in my mouth. I really didn't want to let go, but I realized we were still standing in the open of a place of business. I slowly let his softening cock slip from my mouth. I stood and up and held his now flaccid cock in my hand, still getting little shakes out of him by rubbing my thumb against the sensitive underside of his cockhead. I asked him if it was alright because this was my first blowjob. He said, "It was wonderful."

All the way home that night I thought about the flavor of his cum and the feel of his dick in my mouth and found myself even hornier than before. I went to my girlfriend's house to get some relief. The next morning she asked me, "What got into you? You fucked me all night and shot your cum eight times." 

I just smiled and said, I had a lot of cum in me and needed to get it out.