 These are based on true experiences. Sometimes, even I had trouble believing that they actually occurred as they seemed like porn movies. As always, I love feedback and a 'Thank you' goes out to those that have emailed me. I hope you continue to enjoy my enjoyment.

A very special and huge 'thank you' to Goamz86 for editing.

*****

"You think you've pushed my boundaries?" I asked mischievously as I fell off of Sam and crashed back down onto the bed. 

Sam laughed, "I'm pretty sure you have a few boundaries but who knows how far down the road they are...I'll get you there." He rolled out of bed and went to the bathroom.

"I'd like to see that." I said, starting to feel sleepy again as I lay there in the warm sun, curled up with a warmth shining on me and sitting deep in my ass. 

"Don't worry," Sam laughed, "I have big plans for you. Big plans..."

----------------------

Over the next several months, Sam and I escalated our torrid affair. One thing that Sam did to make sure we didn't get too attached (especially me), was to encourage me to have sex with other people. Sam especially encouraged me to enjoy my new found sexuality. I was still very nervous about hooking up with any new guys though, and I was getting more than enough from Sam. 

I continued hanging out with my straight friends and even though I was getting my ass drilled by Sam's cock on a very regular basis, by all appearances, I was still the same "Matt" to my social circle. Some of my straight buddies even knew that I had a buddy that I partied with in the building and a few had even met Sam, but no one had any idea that he was my "boyfriend". Sam often loved fucking my ass before and after I had been out with them. 

"What would your friends say if they knew you loved cock? What would they say if they knew what a fag I've turned you into?" he'd ask as he pounded my hole.

"I don't care! I'm a fag...it's who I am...I need it, daddy!" I'd respond.

A few days before my birthday, I came home to find Sam had bought me a present. I quickly opened it up. 

"It's part one of your present," Sam said, "Part two is in the card. Part three is...you'll see."

I pulled three jockstraps out of the bag, all brightly colored - although one was basically see through, and all perfectly designed to show off my ass for a man's pleasure.

"Wow! I feel like a lucky girl!" I laughed.

"Wait till you read the card," Sam smiled.

I opened the card up and read it. "One hour of massage. DT Massage Center." Underneath where the address was written, Sam had added, "Jockstrap not required! Happy Birthday you sexy stud! XXX"

"PS You'll need to take next weekend off starting Thursday night. Jockstrap definitely required."

"What do you have planned?" I asked grinning at Sam.

"Pack your bags - we are going to Vegas!"

I was shocked that Sam had booked a trip for us together but at the same time, very excited.

"I really hope you can take the time off next week?!" Sam nervously laughed. 

"I will make time. I have a feeling this trip is going to be unlike any trip I've ever taken to Vegas."

"I guarantee it," Sam said as he cocked his head. "I've also invited Alex and a friend of his. It is going to be a total 'boys' weekend'." I was pretty sure what an "all boys" weekend meant - sex, lots of it and from the sounds of it, with multiple partners. I was so in the moment of thinking about Vegas, I almost forgot about the massage and what that might entail. Instead, I grabbed Sam's cock through his pants and smiled, "I guess I should say thank you properly?"

"You know what to do cocksucker," Sam said deadpan.

I dropped to my knees and pulled his cock out of his pants, not even pulling his pants and undies all the way off. I opened my mouth and took his semi-hard cock to the root, pressing my nose against his trimmed pubes. Instantly I felt his cock grow. I pulled off enough to catch my breath before deep throating him repeatedly. 

Sam's hands cradled my head and he moaned my name, "Mmmmatt. You are such an incredible cocksucker. You love being a cocksucker, don't you?"

I moaned approvingly around his cock before I let it escape my mouth and looked up at him from my knees, "I love being a cocksucker." I licked his cock and again deep throated him. After a few minutes of this, I could feel Sam's cock get harder and I knew he was close.

"You want my load, babe?" Sam groaned.

"HmmmmMmmmm!" I moaned around his cock. I felt his cock get even harder and start to spurt into my mouth. I swallowed as fast as he shot, enjoying each drop. 

"Yesssss! Drink it up, babe!"

I pulled back a bit and jacked his shaft to make sure I squeezed every drop before I released him from my mouth. I clenched his cock in my hand and saw a final drop of his cum appear and immediately licked it off, looking up at him and smiling. 

"Thank you for the presents!" I smiled. At times like this, I almost felt like a girl.

"You're welcome, slut. Anytime." 

I stood up and adjusted myself, as giving a bj almost did as much for me now as it did for the cock I was working, looked at Sam and smirked, "That never gets old."

We opened some beers and chatted, discussing where we would be staying in Vegas and who Alex was bringing. 

"His name is Cory. I've met him a few times and he seems like a nice guy; Good looking, Tall enough, Easy going. We should all 'click' if you know what I mean. Alex knows what we are looking for. And if it doesn't happen, we will still have a lot of fun, I'm sure."

"This should be a very interesting trip to Vegas...much more interesting than the last one I took with my ex-girlfriend..."

-------------------------------

Vegas weighed heavily on my mind with how open the trip was going to be. I was still nervous about being seen and I was far from opening up this part of my life to the public. I knew in reality though, that I was very unlikely to see anyone in Vegas that I knew. The easy part was that Sam, Alex and myself didn't "appear" gay. I didn't know about Cory, but Sam said he was a "guy's guy" so that also eased my fears. 

To help me relax, Sam booked my massage a few nights before we left for Vegas.

"You're going to love it. Ted is a professional."

"A professional?" I asked, "What kind of professional are we talking about?"

Sam refused to give me too many details and looked at me with a smile, "The kind of professional that will help you relax and work out those tight spots. You're going to love it...trust me...have as much fun as you want and are comfortable with."

The next night I went to the address Sam provided for me. It was in an upscale apartment building downtown. I buzzed myself in and went up to his place. Ted opened the door and I found myself staring at a near perfect specimen of a man; tall, dark, rugged looking, deep voice, chiseled build. Ted was not all what I was expecting, although to be honest, I wasn't sure what I was expecting. 

He introduced himself and said he worked from his place and we went over what I was looking for - a relaxation massage. 

"Sam told me that you are a bit stressed lately. I'll have you feeling better in no time. Head into that room, undress and hop under the sheet facedown. I'll be right in."

"Should I get naked or keep my underwear on?" I asked.

"Whatever you feel comfortable with." Ted answered. "It's easy to work around."

I went in, closed the door and got undressed and lay face down on the bed. I debated keeping my underwear on as I still wasn't sure what I was getting myself into but in the end, I decided to embrace the situation and get fully naked - Sam would appreciate that, I thought to myself. After a short wait, I heard a knock on the door and I told him I was ready. He pulled the sheet down my back to the top of my ass and then I heard him squirt some oil onto his hands and he started with my neck. Without even thinking I let out a little moan. Ted started to talk, but all I could think about was not popping too large of a hard on. He didn't really give off any vibe that he was gay, but I was pretty sure he was, as my 'gay-dar' was starting to come into its own. I finally shifted myself into a position where my hard cock felt comfortable and started to recede. 

"Let me know if you want me to go deeper or lighter."

"So far it feels perfect," I said.

"Sam mentioned that you guys are off to Vegas in a few days?"

"Yeah," I responded. "An all-boys trip." As soon as I said it, I wondered to myself how that would be interpreted.

"Lucky guys. Will you check out any shows or are you planning on not leaving your hotel room?"

Apparently he interpreted it exactly as I thought he might. At this point, Ted had started working down to my legs, at first working from the calves up to my outer thighs, but when he mentioned that we might not leave our rooms, it timed exactly with him rubbing my inner thighs. I again started to get instantly hard and let out another little moan.

"Too deep?"

"Not at all," I murmured.

Ted continued to work on my inner thighs and lifted the sheet that was covering my ass. He squirted some more oil onto his hands and started to work long strokes from my thighs onto my ass.

"Feel ok?" Ted asked. 

"Yes." I answered. I swear the room was getting warmer and it was definitely getting a little tenser.

"Sam said you could use a little tension release..." As he said this, I felt Ted grab my ass cheeks and kneed them with his hands, pulling them apart. I moaned again.

"Feels good?"

"Very." 

I felt his hands work towards my inner thighs again, brushing my balls as he did. I squirmed a bit, but not to get away and then I rolled my legs outwards to allow for more access. It wasn't just a conscious decision but it certainly was a natural one.

"That ok? Sam wanted you to get the full massage..."

"HmmmMmmm," I moaned in affirmative. 

Ted was now leaning against me and I could feel his body and specifically his crotch pressing against me. With one hand, he pushed up my back while the other pulled diagonally away down the opposite leg. I felt like I was being opened up. I was still a bit apprehensive - I knew Sam had set this up, which didn't bother me, but I was still concerned about having "experiences" outside of my control. When his fingers hit my hole though, I went with what came naturally. I was now pretty damn sure that Ted was not straight.

"Is that the spot?" Ted growled.

"Yessss," I moaned lightly.

I felt him sink his finger all the way into my ass and I let out a moan. Ted reached up and grabbed the back of my head and gently pulled my hair. This time, I let out a very submissive moan. 

"MMMmmmmore..."

"Sam said you'd like that. He said you'd give in like a good boy and spread yourself open. He was right." 

"Yessss" I was still face down but trying to push my ass up against his finger more.

"Just relax and let me take care of you." I felt him step back and heard him getting undressed. I turned my head to see him completely naked except for a jock strap on. His body was perfect - barely an ounce of fat with well-developed muscles and a six pack. What had Sam gotten me into?

Ted moved to the head of the table leaning over me, his crotch rubbing against my head and his naked legs appearing before me as I lay face down. I reached up and caressed his legs as he rubbed me down from my shoulders to my ass.

"Time to flip over, boy." Ted commanded.

My cock was rock hard and even though I was into this whole-heartedly, part of me was still a bit embarrassed at the situation. I slowly rolled over with Ted now standing beside me, lording over me. 

"You want some of this?' Ted asked as he grabbed his package.

I was still a bit taken aback, but I turned my head and of course I nodded yes.

"What was that? I can't hear you."

"Yes." I meekly answered.

"Yes what?" Ted asked as he again started to massage my legs.

I reached up to grab his packed-in cock. It looked amazing.

"Nope," he said as he slightly stepped back out of my reach. "You need to tell me what you want."

"I want your cock," I said, this time with more confidence.

"What do you want with it?" Ted smiled.

"I want to suck it." I turned and looked up at him. He grinned at me, knowing I was a slave to him now. 

"Hmmmm. Of course you do. And I'll let you. Do you know why I'll let you?" 

He had me totally in the palm of his hand now. He continued rubbing me down, my hard cock flexing and leaking. I shook my head no.

"Because your boyfriend said you could." As he said it, he grabbed and squeezed my cock which made me let out a moan. The thought that Sam had told someone about us being a 'couple', about me loving man sex, made my cock even harder. 

"He told me all about you. You guys make a great couple. Don't you?"

I moaned and nodded my head in agreement, "Mmmmmmm"

"So he is your boyfriend?" Ted asked.

I nodded but again that wasn't good enough for Ted.

"Your boyfriend paid for this - the least you could do is acknowledge he's your boyfriend?"

"Unnnh," I moaned. "Yessss. He's my boyfriend." Saying it to an outsider made me squirm with pleasure. Ted's hand had been tightly squeezing my cock and rubbing the pre-cum on my dick head. 

"Good boy. You want to suck my cock now?"

"YES!" 

"Ha. That didn't take long," Ted laughed. 

I jumped off the table and squatted down, pulling his cock out as quickly as possible before engulfing it in my mouth. He was completely shaved and had a perfect cock to go with his body. It was about 6 inches long semi hard and fairly thick. It started to grow in my mouth from my sucking, before I had to pull back and take a look at it. He had to be at least 7 inches and probably the thickest cock I had encountered yet. It looked amazing and tasted even better. It was so thick, I was having trouble getting it all the way in my mouth and being the cocksucker I was now, I was determined to deep throat him. 

"Fuck, you do give great head."

I moaned around his cock, trying to get him deeper down my throat but the angle wasn't working. I knelt down and licked his balls and shaft, basking in his taste and smell, looking up at him and seeing the pleasure on his face.

"Get back on the table, on your back," He commanded.

I did as he asked, my cock flopping hard. He then pulled me back and adjusted the table so my head was hanging off the back.

"Open up." 

Ted wasn't talking now as much as he was giving orders and I loved it. It made it more sexual for me. I was his to use so I opened up. He flipped his cock down and slid it into my waiting mouth - all the way until his nuts were on my face. 

It was so easy and I moaned around his cock. Ted knew exactly what he was doing as he never let me gag yet he was able to push his cock all the way in till I could feel it in my throat.

"So you're Sam's boyfriend," he laughed. He pulled his cock out for me to catch my breath and played with my cock. My hands were reaching back to grab his ass and I nodded yes with his cock back in my mouth.

"He told me all about you. Told me how you use to be 'straight'," he said with a bit of sarcasm, again plunging his cock into my mouth. "Sam also told me you are his to use and that I'm allowed to do anything I want with you. The only rule is that you aren't allowed to cum. You have to save that for him. Can you do that, faggot?"

I moaned all over his cock again, partly out of disappointment of not being allowed to cum but I was still extremely turned on. Sam took my moans as me being in agreement. 

"I knew you'd be ok with that. Sam said you are just a good little pussy boy who turns into a twink as soon as you get anywhere near cock."

I moaned again. He was using me like a toy and turning me into putty in his hands.

He continued to fuck my mouth as he played with my cock roughly and sliding his hands and fingers over my hole. Finally he pulled out and told me to pull my legs up and show him my pussy.

He walked to the other end of the table, my legs and ass spread wide. "Look at that hole. It loves cock doesn't it?"

I felt exposed and vulnerable and very turned on. Ted grabbed me and pulled me down the table and pushed my legs back even further, making me feel even more open. Suddenly I felt his stubble covered face on my ass and his tongue on my hole.

"Unnnnhhh!" I moaned.

"You fucking love that, don't you boy?"

"Yessss!"

Ted continued to lick and work my hole making me dizzy. He stepped back and then pulled me down the table again till my hips were on the edge. He didn't appear much stronger than me from appearance, but he knew how to use me and toss me around like a little bitch. He started to rub his raw cock around my hole and as much as I was worried, the reality is that I probably would have let him put it in me raw.

I started to protest by trying to say 'No' but couldn't even get the word out. "Nnnnn..."

Ted cut me off, "Don't worry boy. I know Sam owns this hole bareback, but I just wanted to see how easy you'd take it if I offered it up. Your pussy wants it bad, doesn't it?"

I couldn't deny it and nodded my head, slack jawed from the feelings I was having. 

Ted laughed. "You are definitely not straight anymore. You're just a typical former straight boy that now knows he's all about cock...no more pussy for you, I bet."

He then grabbed both our dicks together and jacked them off. The heat from his cock was amazing. I wrapped my arms around him and lifted myself up to kiss him but he wouldn't let me.

"Fuck me!" I pleaded.

"We'll see," he answered.

I wrapped my legs around him and tried to pull him closer to me, but he was the alpha at the moment and wouldn't let me. 

"Not yet, boy. I haven't decided how warmed up I'm going to have you for Sam."

I was still holding myself up by my arms and legs wrapped around him. I bit and sucked his neck, while Ted continued to rub our cocks together. He had one arm around my back, almost grabbing me by the neck when he told me to lie down. I did as I was told and felt his fingers plunge into my ass, causing me to gasp.

"Oohhhhh! Fuck! Please!"

He let go of our cocks and reached over to a drawer, pulling out a condom while his other hand continued to pump in and out of my willing ass. I felt dizzy and light headed again from him working my ass and when he lifted my balls up roughly, I fully expected him to plunge his thick cock into me unwrapped. Instead he slapped his cock on my hole, sliding it up and down the entrance of my pussy.

"You want this so bad, don't you?" Ted laughed. "You're willing to take it raw aren't you?"

"Fuuuck! I can't! I want it so bad though! Plleeeease...Don't fuck me raw...I want it but I can't..." my voice trailed off, not entirely sure I could keep up saying no if he kept teasing me like he was.

"Good boy. I know you want it, and Sam said it was your choice. He'll be happy to know you really are his..." Ted paused, "...Well, at least if it's raw. He said we could fuck if I covered up." 

I had tilted my head back and closed my eyes, holding myself open for Ted to take me. When I looked up, Ted was pulling a rubber down his magnificent cock and applying lube to himself.

"Fuck me," I methodically said, never taking my eyes off his cock.

"You want this, boy?"

"Yes, sir," I looked at him, determined to get that cock of his in me.

He slapped it on my hole again and then started to work it into my hole, working the lube around. He had teased me so much that even though it was the biggest cock I had ever taken, it popped in fairly easily. However, as he pushed it into me, the size gave me a feeling of fullness that I hadn't felt before, not even during my first few times of taking cock. It felt like a cramp deep in me and enough pain to make me wince.

"You want me to stop, boy?" Ted mockingly asked.
