 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

VISITING THE LOVELY BOTTOM

In what had become fairly routine over the past couple of weeks, Dustin walked down the hall to his stepson's bedroom. His 40-year-old wife Margaret had already left the house leaving her 28-year-old husband at home. As usual, Dustin had fucked Margaret senseless with his morning piss-hard-on before she left for work. Now he was his way to visit Brandon, the pretty 19-year-old gay stepson. As Dustin walked down the hallway, his cock stiffened in anticipation. He loved Brandon's sweet curvy ass and since Margaret did not do anal, he looked forward to fucking the curvy derriere. 

Dustin entered the bedroom and saw Brandon lying on his stomach wearing tight knit sleep shorts. He approached the bed and sat on the side. He stared at the exquisite ass for a few seconds and then began to caress it. Brandon stirred and Dustin pulled the shorts down to reveal the hairless, flawless bottom. As he caressed the naked buttocks, Brandon cooed and raised his ass off the bed. Dustin slipped the shorts down and off the lovely legs. 

"I'm assuming that mother has left."

"You're correct on that, Brandy."

"The lube is in the nightstand drawer."

"Got it."

Brandy raised his ass pushing up on his knees as Dustin applied the lube to the anus. Brandy loved being fingered and moaned softly with the anal preparation. Dustin coated his thick seven-inch cock and knelt between the pretty slender gay stepson. Taking a hold of the hips, he raised the sweet ass to the right height. Dustin pressed forward and his cock easily slid into the receptive ass. It was a sight he loved and a feeling that Brandy cherished. This had become their morning ritual after Margaret had left the house. It had begun mid-summer and would continue until Brandon returned to college.

INTRODUCTION

Dustin was an independent consultant who had subcontracted with a well-known management consulting company. It was during that engagement that he had met Margaret Stallings an attractive divorced woman. He learned that she was well off and really did not need to work but did so to keep her sanity. She had made out quite well in the divorce settlement.

He had asked her to dinner one evening and one thing led to another. A few more dinner dates and then they were sleeping together. After the consulting engagement, he continued to date her and make love to her. One day he proposed and she accepted immediately. She was enamored with his good looks and muscular body and he was pleased with her fitness for a mature woman. 

When Dustin met her son Brandon, he was sure that her son was gay. He didn't have any hard evidence and it was just a gut feel. Brandon was away at college in his freshman year. Margaret and Dustin honeymooned for a month in France and Italy. They toured all over and made passionate love every night. Dustin was a bit disappointed that she wouldn't even give anal sex a try. So, he learned to be content fucking her doggy-style and playing with her lovely ass. 

The summer following his freshman year, Brandon hung out at the house. There was no reason for him to work so he just did things around the house. Dustin often helped him when he wasn't on a consulting assignment. The two of them handled the landscaping, pool cleaning and general maintenance. At first Brandon was leery of Dustin as he felt the stud was after his mother's money. Over time though, he became comfortable with his stepfather and actually liked him.

One day, Dustin had slept in and remained in bed after Margaret left for work. He finally got up, showered and he looked out the window to check the weather. He saw Brandon and one of his friends by the swimming pool. They had shed their swim wear and were sunbathing naked. Their lily-white asses looked good in contrast with their tans. He watched as they put sun block on each other and got a little frisky.

I didn't take long for them to move into a 69 position and suck each other's cock. They were obviously horny because it appeared that they both came quickly. They jumped in the pool and refreshed their bodies. When they got out of the water, they placed lounge cushions on the pool deck and too turns fucking each other. That confirmed Dustin's suspicion that Brandon was gay. He was particularly drawn to the lovely ass as Brandon had one of the shapeliest he had ever seen.

Dustin was not surprised that he got a boner watching the two teens having sex. He had spent some time in France before he met Margaret and had bagged a couple of cute gay young men. He liked anal sex and for the most part he was fine fucking a lovely gay ass as well as any shapely female ass. He was glad to discover that Brandon was gay and that he liked to get fucked. Dustin would pick a time when Margaret was absent to make his move on his stepson.

SEDUCING THE STEPSON

Margaret was traveling with the Women's Club one weekend to a famous flower show. They were taking a bus on Saturday morning, staying overnight and returning on Sunday evening. It was the perfect weekend to test the water with Brandon. After Margaret left the house, Dustin made coffee and prepared breakfast items. By the time Brandon was up and arrived in the breakfast nook, things were ready.

"This is a nice surprise to wake up to, thank you!"

"No problem, I was up early. Your mother left for her trip."

"Oh, that's right, I forgot about that. What are you going to do?"

"After breakfast, I going to sit on the pool deck with a cup of jo and read the paper. It's a good day to relax by the pool, you should join me."

"I think I will, I have no plans today."

Dustin made omelets for the both of them while Brandon got the toast ready. They had a leisurely breakfast and cleaned up afterward. Both of them put on their swimsuits and moved outside to the pool deck. They shared the newspaper and enjoyed another cup of coffee. Seated side by side in the lounges, they leaned back and closed their eyes. Dustin decided it was time. He slipped his swim trunks off and began to stroke his impressive cock. Brandon looked over at his stepfather and gasped.

"What are you doing?"

"I'm stroking my dick. I didn't cum this morning and I'm feeling a bit horny."

"We're outside!"

"It's totally private out here, you know that."

"You jerking off in front of me, you should not be doing that."

"Why not? I know that you like cock. So, it shouldn't be a big deal."

"I don't know what you mean."

"I think that you do. I saw you with your cute boyfriend last week and don't pretend that you don't know what I am talking about."

"How did you, you were home?"

"Yes, and you two looked sweet together."

"Did you tell mother?"

"Of course not, does she know that you are gay?"

"I think she may suspect it but she has never said anything."

"Why don't you sit on my lounge and stroke my dick for me?"

"I couldn't."

"Sure you can, I see you staring at it."

"You're my stepfather."

"Yeah but I'm young enough to be your older brother. Besides we are not blood relations. Come on, hold onto my cock, I know that you want to feel it."

Brandon tentatively moved to Dustin's lounge and stared at the impressive cock. He could feel his loins stir with desire and he reached for the thick shaft. Taking it in his hand he just held it momentarily. Dustin liked the feel of the soft hand on his dick and anxiously waited for Brandon to masturbate him. Soon the hand started moving and traveled up and down the throbbing flesh.

"Why don't you take it in your mouth too. I know you like to suck cock."

As if in a trance, Brandon lowered his mouth and took the spongy mushroom head in his mouth. It was the thickest cock he had ever had and he was sure that he could not take it all. He toyed with the soft cockhead, nibbling and sucking it, driving Dustin wild. Next, he began to take more of it in his mouth and soon had a rhythm going. He caressed the ball sac and had Dustin on the verge of cumming. Knowing that it would be a big load, Dustin warned him.

"I am really close."

Brandon removed his mouth and rapidly stroked it. The cock was throbbing and he knew that Dustin would shoot at any second. Then it happened and it was a volcano like ejaculation. Ropes of semen shot into the air and landed on the pool deck. Some landed on Dustin's abs and some gathered around Brandon's hand. Once the force of the release subsided, Brandon took the cock back in his mouth and sucked it clean, he also licked the seed from his hand.

Dustin felt weak from the intense orgasm so he lay back on the lounge. Dustin watched as Brandon stood up and lowered his bathing suit to his knees. The 6" boner jumped out and Brandon quickly grabbed it in his hand. He stroked his own cock as he spoke in an excited tone.

"I need to get off I am so hot!"

Dustin watched his stepson jerk off. Brandon's hand flew rapidly over his hard cock in search of his own release. He then turned slightly just before he came and Dustin watched as he ejaculated. Brandon shot his load and the first couple of blasts traveled several feet before landing on the pool deck. Brandon seemed to cum for at least 30 seconds as stream after stream shot out of his dick. Dustin watched as Brandon's buttocks tightened and then relaxed as he fired his load. He admired the teen's bare ass as it was lily white compared to the well-tanned body. Brandon had a beautiful ass and Dustin felt his loins stir and his cock harden as he once again thought what it would be like to fuck the lovely ass. 

"Brandon, I'm going to fuck that sweet ass of yours."

"Wait, let me get the lube."

Still naked, Brandon dashed back in the house and returned with a tube in his hand. He handed the lube to Dustin and knelt on the lounge. 

"Lube my ass and put plenty on your dick."

Brandon's still erect dick wavered as he raised his ass in the air. Dustin looked at him in this position and decided that he looked just like a young woman with his smooth hairless body and his great looking bubble butt. Dustin lubed the sweet ass and applied a generous amount of lube to his own cock. He stood behind and stared at the incredible ass that he was about to fuck. He hadn't fucked an ass since before he dated Margaret and now he was about to fuck her son. Dustin eased his cock into Brandon's ass. 

Dustin was gentle with him allowing Brandon to adjust to the size of his cock. Soon he was buried to the hilt in the lovely ass and he fucked the young man royally. He held on to the pretty twin cheeks of the shapely ass as he fucked him thoroughly. Brandon had been butt fucked before but never with a cock this size. He couldn't believe how full he felt with the enormous dick in his ass. Brandon felt the cock throb and then fill his ass with cum. Dustin continued to fuck him and the seed backed out of his ass and ran down over his testicles. Brandon fired a blast of cum onto the pool deck this time without hardly touching his own cock. Dustin eased his swollen cock out of the snug ass and Brandon turned around took it in his mouth and sucked it dry and clean.

"Wow that was something. You are a very good cock sucker and a great fuck Brandy. Let's get in the Jacuzzi and relax some." 

That was the first time anyone had called him Brandy and he wasn't sure if he liked it. They entered the hot tub naked. Not a word was spoken between them as they reflected on what just happened between them. Dustin had just had a fantastic blow job and ass fuck and it was with a 19-year-old. Not just any young man but his stepson. Brandon just leaned back in the hot tub and savored the moment. He had enjoyed Dustin's big cock.

Dustin was the first to get out of the hot tub and announced, "I am going to grab a swim."

He dove in the pool and swam a few laps. When he got out he dried off and looked at Brandon who was back on the lounge. He was on all fours with his curvy bubble butt stuck up in the air. Dustin felt his cock twinge as he looked at the hot ass. Brandon's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. He really did look desirable in that position.

"Dustin, I would like you to fuck me again. You would like to fuck me again wouldn't you?"

Dustin's cock hardened as he approached the lounge. He knelt behind the pretty teen and began to caress the beautiful ass. Brandon handed him the lube and asked him to get his ass ready. Dustin put an ample amount in his hands and rubbed it all around the rubbery ring. He inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing the ass for another fuck. He sawed his fingers in and out of the taut anus and he was turned on by the thought of burying his cock in the shapely ass one more time. He moved closer to his stepson and lined up the head of his cock with the anal opening. Dustin eased his big dick into Brandon's ass.

"Not too deep at first, then deeper."

"Don't worry Brandy, I would never hurt you."

Dustin's cock head cleared the sphincter and he fed it to Brandon a little at a time. The ass chute was warm and tight as the thick cock went deeper and deeper. Soon he was all the way in the marvelous ass and he started a slow fucking motion. He continued to pump the plump ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts. Dustin caressed the smooth round cheeks as he fucked the pretty teen. 

Brandon asked Dustin to fuck him harder and quicker. So, he picked up the pace and he pounded the curvy ass faster and faster. His balls started bouncing off of Brandon's balls and the teen moaned with each thrust of the big cock. Dustin could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed in the receptive ass. He tried to make it last as long as possible but once Brandon contracted his sphincter, Dustin lost it.

He fired a barrage of cum in Brandon's ass filling it to overflowing. Dustin couldn't remember when he came so much especially for a third time. Brandon continued to use his talented sphincter to milk the cock and drain it dry. The milking action weakened Dustin and sent tingles through his body. He pulled out of Brandon and collapsed on the lounge next to him.

Brandon rolled over on his back and jerked off once again. Dustin watched as the teen stroked his cock. He fired another round of semen into the air. The first blast landed on Brandon's face, neck and chest. The remainder of his load landed on his abs and pooled around his pubes. They rested briefly and then rinsed off using the outside shower. After a quick rinse off they relaxed in the pool and let the cooler water bring their body temperatures back down.

Later they got dressed and went out for lunch at Dustin's suggestion. It had been an incredibly sensuous day and a big step for both of them. Dustin knew that he would be fucking Brandon every chance he got. In turn Brandon was thrilled with Dustin's impressive cock. Brandon even got used to being called Brandy by his stepfather. After the lunch they relaxed in the house listening to music and reading. They were both sexually drained and sated but knew they would have more sex the next day.

SUNDAY ENCORE

The next morning Dustin woke up and he went down to Brandy's room. He looked at his wife's son. Brandy was naked in bed and his curvy ass was on display as he lay on his stomach. Dustin decided to take a shower so he headed back to the bathroom in the master bedroom. He relaxed under the hot water as he thought of Brandy. He scolded himself for having fucked his stepson but not for long as he thought about how good it was to fuck his ass. He loved watching his cock slide in and out of the shapely bottom. 

Dustin reminded himself that it was no different being with a guy then with a girl when it came to getting a blow job or butt fucking. That's the way he had felt in France and it was the way he felt now with his stepson. He felt his loins stir again just thinking of the irresistible ass. After the soothing shower, he dried off and walked back to his stepson's room. Brandy was in bed on his belly with his curvy bubble butt slightly pointed up in the air. Dustin felt his cock twinge as he looked at the hot ass. The teenager's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. He really did look desirable in that position.

Dustin's cock hardened as he approached the bed. He sat on the side of the bed and began to caress Brandy's beautiful ass. He spotted the lubricant on the nightstand next to the bed and took it to get the lovely ass ready. Dustin put an ample amount in his hands and rubbed it all around the anus. He inserted first one finger and eventually a second one, preparing the pretty teen for another ass fuck. He sawed his fingers in and out of taut anus and got turned on by the thought of burying his cock in the shapely ass again. Dustin got on the bed and knelt behind Brandy. He moved closer and lined up the head of his cock with the anal opening. He eased his big dick into the sweet ass.

Brandy, wide awake now, whispered, "Take it slow, not too deep at first."

Dustin lifted the teen by the hips, the cock head cleared the sphincter and he fed it to his stepson a little at a time. The ass chute was warm and snug as the cock went deeper and deeper into him. Soon he was all the way in Brandy's ass and he started a slow fucking motion. Dustin continued to pump the curvy ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts. He caressed the smooth round cheeks as he fucked the magnificent bottom. Brandy pushed back and met Dustin's thrusts.

"That's it Brandy, fuck me back."

"Come in me this time. I want to feel your big load."

Dustin picked up the pace and he pounded the plump ass faster and faster. Brandy moaned with each thrust of the big cock. Dustin could feel his release building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed into the sweet ass. He tried to hold off as long as possible but once again the sphincter began that gripping action, he lost it. He fired a barrage of cum filling the passage to overflowing. As Dustin continued to fuck, his cum backed up in the rectum and oozed out flowing over Brandy's balls and dripping on the bed sheets. Brandy's milking action sent tingles through Dustin's body. He pulled out and rocked back on his haunches. Brandy rolled over on his back and lifted his knees to his chest. 

"Put your cock back in me and fuck me until I cum."

Dustin re-entered his stepson and watched as Brandy stroked his cock. It wasn't long before he too was cumming. He fired several rounds into the air. The first blast shot passed the teen's head the rest landed on his face, neck, chest, abs and pooled around his pubes.

"Oh yeah, that's it Brandy, cum for me. Wow, that was a big one. Come on and get cleaned up. I'll make breakfast and then we'll hang out by the pool again."

The two of them cleaned up, dressed and Dustin made crepes for breakfast. He used fresh fruit as the filling and Brandy was impressed. They cleaned up the kitchen and headed to the pool.

"Dustin, those crepes were delicious. Where did you learn to cook like that?"

"France, I spent a couple of years there when I was with a consulting firm."

"Did you ever fuck any cute French boys there?"

"A couple, that's when I learned that I could enjoy anal and oral with cute gay men too."

"I'm glad that you like me."

"I love your ass."

"I might sit in the Jacuzzi for a few minutes. My body is a little stiff."

"Would you like a massage? I massage your mother all the time and she loves it."

"Sure, if you're up for that. I would love a massage."

They were both naked in the lounges and Dustin's cock started to stiffen as he moved toward Brandy. Brandy handed Dustin the lotion and rolled over on his belly. Dustin straddled the slender prone body. He sat on the shapely legs just below the gorgeous buttocks and rested his semi-hard cock in the crack. He poured the lotion on the back and shoulders and then began to massage the pretty teen's body. The skin was hairless, smooth and flawless and the strong hands glided over the sensuous body. 
