 Some months had passed, and I was managing to keep the urges more or less at bay, thanks to visits to Asian ladyboys in London, though never the same one twice, and I was continuing to receive crowing messages from Jonny online, whilst using more and more gay porn. At one stage I went on a work trip to Amsterdam and steeled myself to try and defy the curse, I visited a 40-something Czech prostitute, a dirty blonde with big tits and a big arse, it was embarrassing how long it took Jana to get me off, her pussy felt wrong and eventually she was able to make me cum with her mouth, but let's just say my mind was elsewhere. I confessed this to Jonny, much to his amusement. 

"Quite the pre-dick-ament you have there. I wonder what you'll do about it?"

The shemale visits continued, to my shame I soon came to enjoy making love with them way more than I ever had with women, hungrily kissing each other, groping their bodies, kissing their fake tits and, even more excitingly, their boyish arses and strong thighs, but not their cocks. I generally stuck to Asian ladyboys, gone were the days when I lusted after white girls. By trysts with effeminate Asian ladyboys had enough about them that meant I could lie to myself about my burgeoning inclinations.

Jonny started sending me pictures and links of hung Latino shemales, mocking me for my refusal to admit I wanted a strapping Latin tranny with a cock even bigger than mine. I couldn't resist, I gave in and arranged a session with a 6' hung Brazilian named Evelyn, she had massive fake tits and her makeup was so tarty. She towered over me in her 6" heels, her hair up, she was very warm and flirtatious. She took my hand in hers, they were large, strong, powerful.

"What can I do for you today?"

I was still in the habit of going red, I stammered, trying to get the words out.

"Oh, I have a shy boy...' she touched me, lifting my head up she bent down and planted her plumped up lips on mine, her tongue penetrating my mouth I let her kiss me. 

Breaking the kiss, she whispered softly in my ear. "Do you like my big tits...?"

Why was I like this? I used to be so confident with girls.

"Or maybe you like other things...?" Evelyn started massaging her big cock. I was transfixed by the big bulge between her thick, curvy thighs. Jonny's messages redounded in my mind. 

"Ye...yes...I like it a lot..." I stammered out. Anxiety coursed through me. I swore to myself that this would be the last time. I would never give in to these urges again. 

Evelyn turned around and walked over to the bed, her big bubble butt swaying as she sashayed from side to side, running her large hands through her long blonde dyed hair. She sat on the bed and bade me come over. I started to move toward the bed, but she held up one of her hands in a stopping motion. "No." She started wagging her index finger from side to side. "Crawl."

I got down on my knees and crawled over to her. I began kissing her thighs, kissing the inside of them, rubbing my face against her bulge, smelling her cock. It was sublime. I thought how embarrassed I would be if anyone who knew me knew I was taking this much pleasure from a strapping six-foot shemale goddess. 

She wrapped her hands around my neck and face, pulling me up towards her. We kissed again. I felt my raging hardon against her calf. 

"Some men find they need things real girls can't give them." Evelyn pulled her erect dick out of her knickers, I immediately went for it, for the first time, up until now I had been able to resist being in any way the passive partner in my encounters, it was my cock that was for sucking, and if I took a little pleasure from penetrating my partners that wasn't really gay, was it? I couldn't get enough, I sucked that thick, strong tranny dick like my life depended on it, tightening my lips around it, pleasuring it with my tongue. Evelyn began to moan as I pleased her fat cock with my mouth. Eventually she was about to cum, I wasn't going to swallow, I wasn't like that! She pulled out and shot a thick gloopy load all over my face. For the first time I experienced what it was like to be on the receiving end of a facial. Evelyn licked her hot sticky cum off my face. 

"Oh, you are such a good boy."

I was a man, not a boy. I angrily thought for a second. 

"Good boys get rewards', she licked more of her cum off my face, 'and what reward would you like?"

A wave of shamed washed over me. I wanted to leave but I also needed to cum. For some reason I felt like I didn't deserve to cum inside that magnificent arse of Evelyn's.

"Please, Evelyn, can you wank me off?"

Evelyn smiled. "Oh, you want me to use my big sexy hands to make you cum, do you?"

I started feverishly undoing my trousers and freed my tumescent cock.

"That's pretty big, not so big as mine, however..."

Evelyn pulled me onto the bed and began pulling me off, whispering in my ear about how much my hard cock seemed to love her big, powerful hands. 

"Don't worry about these big, nasty distracting titties, you concentrate on how good my strong hands feel wrapped around that horny cock."

I felt in ecstasy as she gave deep, powerful strokes and continued to kiss me, in no time I came in her hands, this strapping shemale gave me the most intense orgasm I had experienced so far. I made my excuses, paid her, and left, I had to tell Jonny all about it.