 In my last adventure, I met a great guy named Curt. He was introduced to me through my other friend Rick. They're golfing buddies and Curt told me that my name came up while they were golfing one day. 

Curt and I had a great time and we just met for the second time, let me tell you all about it.

Rick called me at my office not long after my meeting with his golf buddy Curt. 

"Hi Mike it's Rick, I just wanted to check back in with you and to see if you enjoyed my buddy Curt as much as he enjoyed you?" 

"Curt hasn't stopped talking about you and wants to meet again if that's good for you."

Originally Curt called me and said that Rick had given him my name and said that we should meet, that meant only only thing, Curt was calling for a blow job.

How exciting! I had a good buddy in Rick who enjoyed my skills enough that he referred someone to me. This was great because I would never have to look for guys on the Internet, and each guy who was referred to me would be looking for the same thing, a great blow job!

Curt was a handsome man with a great body, his fancy business suit really hid how luscious he was. Curt was married and happily, minus the fact that his wife refused to suck his cock any longer. Curt had a bit of a kinky side to him, he wanted me to wear silk panties while I sucked his cock. The first time that we met at his hotel room I was a bit upset that he wanted me to wear them in order to blow him. Once I put them on however the silk felt wonderful. The silk felt so good against my skin that I came all over them while he was cumming in my mouth. That brings us up to date on my 1st meeting with Curt, and I just had my second meeting with him and I would like to share it with you.

As I looked out of my office window I thought how much I loved days like this one. Clear skies, no clouds, bright sunshine, a day for the golf course and not the office. I could see myself on the 6th hole making a long putt when my phone rang and snapped me out of my daydream. 

"Good afternoon and thank you for calling." 

I said as I looked for the caller ID which was blocked, it only said private caller. 

Hello Mike, Curt here, how the hell have you been, he said loudly. 

Dang, Curt calling again, what should I do? I loved being with him last time, but the silk panties thing rocked me a bit. I was certain that he wasn't making just a friendly call, but I needed to find out.

"Hey Curt, how are you? I've wondered what happened to you since we got together last time, I figured that I scared you away," I said.

"Hell Mike you wore me out last time, I'm hoping that you can meet again, lunchtime works for me. I'm at the hotel again, we're still interviewing candidates for the sales position and I made sure that I had a big time gap between noon and two," he said hopefully.

As I looked out of my office window still marveling at what a glorious day this was, I wondered what could make it better and I was about to find out!

Being coy was never my long suit but I thought it was a good time to try, just to be sure that we were thinking alike. "I'm free at lunch today Curt, what did you have in mind."

I"m certain that if I was were looking at Curt when I asked this question that I would have seen him roll his eyes while smiling. That look that we've all made when someone asks us a very silly question!

"Well Mark we had such a good meeting last time I'm hoping that we can revisit that same topic," he said in his best professional voice. I was impressed with his response and tried not to trip on my tie as I search for a witty response for Curt.

"That would be wonderful, we ended the last meeting with so much more to explore(pretty good retort I thought). But we need to clear up on item before we confirm our meeting time," I knew that would hook him.

"What's that Mark, I'm open to discuss anything."

"I'm hoping that you have a present waiting for me when I arrive, if not the deal is off," I smiled as I spoke.

Curt let out a loud laugh before he spoke, one of those laughs in which you can see his face light up. "Mark I've taken care of that and I'm looking forward to seeing you at noon, don't be late," he said.

I arrived just before noon and made my way to the door to his suite. I knocked. Curt looked the part of the successful professional as he stood there dressed for success in his Navy blue suit. Behind him on the desk was a laptop and a stack of papers which I guess were resumes of all the candidates the he would be meeting.

"Mark, I'm glad that you could make it. I've been so busy that I haven't had the time to order us any lunch yet, but I'm hoping that you"re hungry," he said smiling.

He handed me a nicely wrapped box from a very notable dealer of silk panties which I gladly accepted when handed to me. 

"I hope that you like them, I shopped until I found just the right pair," he said with a hungry look on his face.

I took the box and went into the bathroom. My hands shook as I tore at the ribbon holding the box closed. "Get hold of yourself boy it's only a present from another guy," I said to myself. 

Pink! 

The color pink jumped out at me as I opened the box. Pink, and a thong! I couldn't get them on fast enough, for some reason the thong had my blood boiling. As I looked at my reflection in the mirror I realized that I was sporting a hard-on under this very hot looking pink thong. I softly ran my hand over my obvious bulge and opened the door to step back into the suite.

Curt was standing in the middle of the room looking at me when I came out of the bathroom wearing only a pink thong, his eyes were large as saucers and I swear that I could feel the heat coming off his body. He was only wearing the fancy bathrobe provided by the hotel to those that have enough money to rent a suite. 

The robe was barely tied at the waist and I noticed a slight bulge, I guess he liked my outfit! 

He spoke first, "you look great, turn around for me." As I turned around he got a great look at my ass, when I finished turning I saw that he was licking his lips. I walked over to him and without saying a word I untied his robe and pushed it off of his shoulders allowing it to fall from the floor. I put my hands on his chest and then walked around him so that I could see him from behind. HE had a great ass and i grabbed both cheeks with my hands, a noise came from deep in my throat, a moan of extreme satisfaction.

This was so damn exciting for me, as I looked down at my thong there was a large we spot showing from where I leaked. As I circled back around Curt looked at my wet spot and said, "Well I'm glad to see that you're as excited as I am."

I looked at his smile as I took his just hardening cock in my hand and stoked it. Slowly I bent my knees and now had his beautiful cock looking me right in the face!

His cock was thicker that I remembered and perfectly shaped. His cock head was thicker than Ricks and it was shiny with his liquid and it seemed to begging me to swallow it. I took his balls in my hand as I stuck out my tongue to taste the head, it was sticky and salty. I looked up to see the bottom of Curt's chin, he had his head tilted back in obvious pleasure.

Curt put his hand behind my head and pulled me into his groin, his cock slid all the way down my throat. I decided to take as much of his cock as I could between my lips while he was not fully erect. As my lips slid down the base of his still soft shaft they were stretching to accommodate his thickness. I looked up to see his face as I turned my head left and right to move his cock around inside my mouth. I thought for a moment that I probably resembled one of those shark videos where the shark swings his head back and forth as he has his prey in his jaws!

"Oh God, that feels incredible baby, I'm going to cum fast this first time, keep sucking my cock bitch," he said as the sweat rolled down his face. 

Curt put both his hands against the back of my head and started to saw his cock in and out of my mouth. I held his ass cheeks tightly and my tongue danced along the under belly of his phallus as he slid in and out. 

My tongue hung out of my mouth like a dog panting. I pushed my tongue out as far as I could to bathe, wet, and excite his cock with each stroke. I was already a mess from my own saliva and his pre cum running our of my mouth as my tongue stretched to his entire shaft on each stroke in and out. 

I could actually feel his cock swell to an even thicker size as he pumped faster into my mouth.

"Here it comes baby, oh yes this is so wonderful," he rambled on . Curt's ass tightened and he shot his load into my mouth. It was hot and salty and he must have been saving a few loads for me. I continued to nurse on his thick shaft enjoying the last of his load as I looked up at him. He was a sweaty mess as he looked down at me and said, "Damn that was great and we still have time for another round!"

Although I was loving what was happening I decided to take his cock out of my mouth and to rub it all over my face, I finished by kissing his cock head. 

I stood up and walked in front of Curt to the bed. I could feel his eyes burning a hole though my ass as i moved slowly. Curt finally came close and grabbed my ass cheeks with both hands. I consciously pushed back against his hands as he squeezed the hell out of my ass, my cock was leaking badly!

"If you have interest in this I'd like to be the first to break in your ass sometime," he said as he slid a finger into my crack.

I didn't know what to say, I've never been fucked before but loved the feeling of this thong and his hands on my ass. His hands on my ass sent a direct message to my cock, and I loved it. My cock was more alive that it had ever been, it felt like I had a thousand bees buzzing on it. I desperately didn't want to cum until I had sucked his wonderful cock to a second climax. My climax would arrive during his second blow job and I couldn't wait!

More to follow