 It was Friday that week when Brad decided to call Andrew. He had worked up the nerve to see his seducer that Saturday. Brad remembered that Andrew said his parents would be gone for the weekend and Brad was feeling horny. He even got hard every time he recalled what happened in Andrew's car. Andrew was glad that Brad had called and he told Brad to come over about 1:00 PM on Saturday. Brad was at Andrew's home at 1:00 PM on the dot.

Brad rang the doorbell and stood anxiously on the front porch. He looked around to see if anyone was watching him as if he was doing something wrong. It seemed like a long time before Andrew answered the door. Finally he did and invited Brad inside. Andrew could see that Brad was nervous so he tried to put him at ease.

"It's good to see you. Did you have lunch?"

"Yes, I ate at home, Brad replied obviously uncomfortable.

"Would like something to drink, a beer maybe?"

"A beer would be great."

Andrew got the beers and than steered Brad into the family room. "Sit down, be at home and relax."

Brad sat in an easy chair and took a slug of beer from the bottle. The beer tasted good and he started to relax. "I'm glad you decided to visit."

Brad just nodded and took another slug of beer. He finished the first bottle quickly and Andrew got him another. Brad took his time with the second beer as he felt much more comfortable then in Andrew's presence. Andrew decided to get Brad in the mood for sex but he did not mention their previous encounter.

"Have you ever watched a sex movie?"

"No, how would I?"

"That's true, you're 18. You need to be 21 to enter the adult video store. Would you like to watch one with me?"

"I guess so."

"I'll be right back," Andrew said as he went to his bedroom to get the video."

He returned and put the tape in the player and told Brad, "This is my favorite; I think that you will like this one."

Brad watched as the movie started playing and he realized that he would be watching a gay film. He knew that should not have surprised him. The movie started with two very cute gays in the kitchen wearing tee shirts and shorts. One had dark brown hair and the other light brown curly hair.

"I love this scene. These guys cum twice and they are still hard after that," Andrew announced and added, "The dark hair guy is Cameron and the other guy is Cody. Wait until you see Cody's ass."

Brad watched the movie intently as Cameron moved behind Cody and put his arms around him. Within minutes they were both naked and Cameron's cock was in the crack of Cody's shapely ass. Cody moved his ass up and down using his buttocks to stroke Cameron's cock. They were both erect and Brad noticed that they had larger than average cocks but not as big as his. Cameron reached around and jerked off Cody as Cody moved his ass up and down.

As the movie progressed the two gays moved into a living room and got on the floor in a 69 position. They lay on their sides and sucked each other's cock until they both came. They didn't cum in each other's mouth. When one was close the other took the cock from his mouth and stroked it until it ejaculated. Both gays remained hard and erect just as Andrew had said. 

Cody then fucked Cameron missionary style until he was ready to cum again. Cody pulled his cock from Cameron's ass and shot his load on Cameron's body. Streams of semen landed on Cameron's chest, abs and pubes. Brad watched as Cody rubbed the semen into Cameron's flesh. Then the two of them got up and moved over to a chair with an ottoman.

"This is my favorite part," Andrew rasped.

Brad looked over at Andrew and saw that he had his cock out and was jerking off. Brad looked back at the TV screen and then he realized that he was hard too. Cody knelt on the ottoman and Cameron lubed and fingered Cody's asshole. Cameron then moved in and slipped his cock into Cody's ass. Brad had to admit that Cody had one shapely ass and Brad grabbed his cock through his pants as he admired it. Cameron moved slowly at first and then gradually picked up the pace. Cody maintained an erection even though he had cum twice.

"Wait until you see this," Andrew said excitedly.

Brad was expecting Cameron to pull out and shot a big load on Cody. However when Cameron got close to cumming, he leaned over Cody and hugged him. Cameron wrapped his arms around Cody's body and pressed his pubes against Cody's ass. Cameron groaned and Cody cooed as Cameron came in Cody's ass. Cody had a dreamy look on his face and Cameron one of sexual bliss. 

Brad was really hard now and he looked over at Andrew who was still jerking off. Brad looked back at the TV and saw Cameron slowly ease his cock out of Cody's ass followed by a stream of semen that trickled over Cody's balls and landed on the ottoman. Brad stared at the screen as Cody contracted his sphincter several times forcing more semen from his rectum. A steady flow of semen traveled over his balls and puddled on the ottoman. Cameron and Cody embraced and remarkably their cocks were both still erect. The camera panned in and focused on the huge load on the ottoman and then back to the two lovers cuddled in the chair.

"Wasn't that something?" Andrew asked excitedly.

"I have never seen any thing like that," Brad replied still amazed that people made movies like that.

"Are you hard?"

"Yes," Brad admitted.

"Good, come over here."

Brad stood up with difficulty since his cock was rock hard in his pants. He walked gingerly over to where Andrew was seated and stood in front of him. Andrew unbuckled Brad's belt, unfastened his pants and pulled them down to Brad's knees. Then Andrew pulled Brad's underwear down making sure that the waist band caught on his cock. Andrew moved the underwear up and down several times each time trapping Brad's impressive cock in the elastic. He loved watching the stiff dick bobbed around in front of his face.

Andrew held Brad by the hips and drew his closer as he took the teen's cock in his mouth. He sucked on it for a short time bringing Brad close to his release but then he stopped. "Let's get our clothes off and then I want you to fuck me like Cameron fucked Cody in the movie," Andrew directed.

They hurriedly removed their clothes and by this time Brad was anxious to get off. Andrew took a tube of lube and prepared his ass for Brad's cock. He next put a towel on the ottoman and pushed it over to the chair. Andrew knelt on the ottoman and leaned over the soft easy chair. He arched his back to emphasize his curvy ass and beckoned Brad to him. Brad liked the look of Andrew in that position and although his ass wasn't as big and round as Cody's, it still looked very inviting. Brad stepped up and guided his throbbing cock into the warm recess of Andrew's anal passage.

Andrew moaned softly as the big dick wormed its way in his ass. Brad began slowly and gradually picked up the pace as Andrew loosened up. Brad looked down and all he could see was his stiff dick sliding in and out of Andrew's curvy bottom. He loved the sight as he drove all the way in and almost pulled all the way out. Brad could not see Andrew's cock and testicles in that position and he preferred it that way. He could be fucking anybody's ass, male or female.

Brad sensed that Andrew was jerking off as he fucked him and that was fine with Brad. Andrew groaned and announced that he was close to cumming. Brad picked up the pace and slammed his cock into Andrew causing his shapely buttocks to jiggle with each thrust. Brad was getting close and when Andrew ejaculated that sent Brad over the edge. Brad felt Andrew's sphincter contract around his cock several times as Andrew shot his load on the towel. Brad felt his scrotum tighten and his toes curl just before he shot an enormous load into Andrew's rectum. 

"Oh, I feel it," Andrew cried out.

Instinctively Brad leaned over and wrapped his arms around Andrew as he emptied his balls just as Cameron had done in the movie. Brad felt Andrew's sphincter milk his cock and he loved the sensation. He slowly released Andrew and moved back slowly slipping his cock out of Andrew's ass. Brad was still hard as he watched his seed run out of Andrew's anus down over his balls and onto the towel. It had been a massive load and it took several minutes before it stopped flowing. Brad stood up with his erection waving in the air and he watched as Andrew turned around and smiled at him. Andrew was still hard too.

"That was fantastic. Just the way I wanted it. Let's have another beer and watch some more of the movie," Andrew suggested.

Andrew got two more beers and told Brad to stay naked. "Leave your clothes off and sit with me on the sofa."

Brad sat next to Andrew with the legs touching and both of them still sporting erections. Andrew resumed the movie and told Brad about the next scene. "This time Cody will get fucked by a guy named Brent who is really hung."

Brad sipped his beer with his eyes fastened on the screen. Cody and Brent entered what appeared to be a hotel room. Minutes later they were naked with Cody lying across Brent's lap. Brent was playing with Cody's fantastic ass, caressing his curvy buttocks and fingering his anus. Brent applied lube to Cody's ass and drove one finger deep into his ass. Brent added a second finger and once he had both of them sliding in and out easily, he removed them. He pulled Cody's buttocks apart and the camera zoomed in his anus.

When the camera zoomed back out, Brent had a tapered dildo in his hand. It was the first time Brad had ever seen a fake rubber cock and he didn't even know that such things were available. He knew about vibrators but not these things. Brad watched with interest as Brent worked the cock into Cody's ass going deeper each time until it was nearly buried in his ass. The dildo was not as thick or as long as Brent's cock but it still amazed Brad that Cody could take it.

Brent's big cock was erect and rubbing Cody's side as Brent fucked him with the dildo. Cody's cock was also hard and was trapped between Brent's thighs. This action went on for several minutes before they finally separated and Brent placed Cody on all fours. This was the scene that Brad was hoping for. As they watched the movie Andrew took a hold of Brad's cock and stroked it. Brad made no such move toward Andrew much to Andrew's disappointment. He was hoping that Brad would come around and at least jerk him off. 

Brad watched the TV as Brent got into position behind Cody and eased his big dick into the lovely ass. Cody put a hand on Brent's thigh as a reminder to go slow and let him open up. It took several minutes of slow steady penetration before Brent began to fuck Cody. Brad watched the large cock slide in and out of the shapely bottom and once again it turned him on. Andrew continued to stroke Brad's cock as they both watched the very erotic scene.

Brent had by then picked up the pace and was drilling Cody's ass. Cody was jerking his own cock as he was butt fucked. Brad watched as suddenly Brent slowed down and held still for several seconds. He reached down and with the head of his cock still in Cody's ass, he stroked his cock. Brent then slowly pulled out and some of his seed ran out of Cody's anus. Brent then pushed his cock back in and fucked Cody some more. A few strokes and then Brent pulled back out and more semen ran out of Cody's ass. Brent jerked off shooting his remaining load at Cody's anus. 

"Isn't this the hottest thing you've ever seen, watch this," Andrew exclaimed.

Brent wiped his cock on Cody's ass and gathered up some of his semen. He pushed his cock back in and fucked Cody with a few more strokes. Brent repeated the act several times of scooping up some of his seed with his dick and pushing it back into Cody's asshole. Cody shot his load nearly two feet landing on the bed. Brad was ready to bust a nut but he didn't want to cum in Andrew's hand, he wanted to fuck him again.

"Brad, I want you to fuck me like that. Let's go to my bedroom," Andrew said urgently.

Still naked, Brad followed Andrew to the bedroom. Brad could not help look at Andrew's curvy ass and found that he was anxious to fuck him again. Brad would have never thought that he would ever be turned on by another guy's ass but he was that day. They entered the bedroom and Andrew got in bed on all fours and lubricated his anus. There was no need for anal foreplay as they were both ready. Brad knelt behind Andrew and eased his cock in the warm slick receptive hole. Andrew moaned aloud as his channel was filled once more.

"Oh I love having you in me," Andrew bellowed.

Brad drove his stiff dick in and out as he sought to cum a second time. Andrew reminded him, "I want you to shoot in me and then pull out. Shoot some on my anus and then put it back in, just like you saw in the movie."

Brad continued to drive into Andrew and when he felt his impending ejaculation he did as he had been told. The first forceful stream shot into Andrew's ass and Brad pulled out immediately after that. His next stream hit Andrew's anus and then he put his cock back in but not all the way. Brad stroked the base of his cock jerking off into Andrew's ass and then removed it again. He watched as his semen leaked out which was his signal to gather it up and push it back in Andrew's ass. Brad did this several times and he actually liked doing it. As he fucked Andrew and moved his seed around, he noticed for the first time how effeminate Andrew looked naked. His skin was flawless and he had virtually no body hair. Andrew could easily pass for a girl except for his cock and balls.

Brad backed away and then Andrew rolled to his back and jerked off. He came in seconds and sprayed his body with his seed. Cum covered and temporarily drained, Andrew suggested a shower and then another beer. Brad followed Andrew into the shower and Andrew was please to see that Brad remained hard. Andrew soaped and played with Brad's body in the shower and he was tempted to have Brad fuck him again but he was concerned about using up the hot water. 

After the shower they dried off and returned to the family room. Andrew put out some snacks and got two more beers. They sat naked on the sofa snacking and drinking beer watching the rest of the gay movie. Another part of the movie that turned Brad on was a massage scene. This dark haired guy showed up at a blonde guy's apartment offering a complimentary massage. He tells the blonde that he is starting a new business and wants to get the word out by offering free massages.

The blonde agrees and lets the guy in who tells the blonde to strip down and get in bed. The blonde strips down to his briefs and lays face down on the bed. The masseuse gets his oil and begins to massage the blonde's shoulders and back. He next removes his tight tee shirt and wearing just his jeans and shoes begins to massage the blonde's legs. He works his way up to the blonde's thighs and he had the blonde guy squirming. That's when Brad notices the round shapely ass on the blonde. The guy next takes hold of the blonde's briefs and pulls them down.

The blonde protests briefly but relaxes when the guy reminds him that he is a professional. He removes the blonde's briefs and Brad stares at the loveliest ass he has ever seen, even nicer than Cody's in the other scenes. It is perfect and the blonde has tan lines which emphasizes its shape. The masseuse pours oil on the buttocks and massages the blonde's ass. The blonde is now moving his ass around as he gets turned on by the massage.

More oil is applied to the blonde's ass and the masseuse begins to finger his anus. First one and then two fingers find their way into the blonde's ass. After several minutes of finger fucking, the masseuse removes the rest of his clothes and climbs on the bed and straddles the blonde. As the masseuse aims his cock at the blonde's anus; the blonde raises his ass to receive the impressive dick. Brad stares at the marvelous curvy ass and secretly wished that he was the one to enter it. Brad is rock hard again and Andrew is playing with his cock.

Brad stares at the erotic scene on the TV as the dark haired gay fucks the beautiful blonde gay. The masseuse cums first and shoots his load all over the blonde's ass. The blonde quickly turns over and jerks off as the masseuse puts his cock back in the blonde's ass. The blonde also has an impressive cock and he jerks off until he shoots a huge load all over his chest and abs while the masseuse keeps fucking him. The two of them separate and wipe their bodies with towels as the camera pans out and the scene concludes. Brad never felt hornier than he did at that moment even though he had already fucked Andrew twice.

"Do you want to fuck me again?" Andrew asked.

"Yes," Brad stammered.

"Let's go back to my bed."

Brad followed Andrew back to his bedroom and all the time he remained hard. Brad's cock had not gone soft the entire time he had been at Andrew's home. In spite of cumming twice he remained erect and he was convinced it had to do with the hot asses in the movie and that he imagined he was fucking them. This time Andrew got in bed on his side and had Brad lie behind him. Andrew guided Brad into his ass although Brad would have preferred the doggy position. Brad missed looking at Andrew's ass as he fucked him. Still Brad needed to get off again so he accepted the new position. He drove his cock rapidly in and out of Andrew in an effort to cum quickly. Andrew took Brad's hand and guided to it to his cock.

"Brad, would you play with me today? Please play with my cock. Stroke it for me," Andrew begged.

Brad had never touched a cock other than his own but he felt compelled to honor Andrew's request. He grabbed a hold of Andrew's cock and jerked him off as he fucked Andrew's ass. It was odd for Brad to be holding a cock other than his own and the contrast in size was an odd feeling. Brad lasted much longer this time but he still felt a huge orgasm building in his balls. Just as Brad came in Andrew's ass a third time, Andrew screamed that he was cumming. Brad stroked Andrew quicker and he watched over Andrew's shoulder as Andrew ejaculated. Andrew's cum oozed out of his cock and trickled over Brad's hand. Brad actually liked feeling Andrew's cock pulsate and watching the spunk ooze out of Andrew's cock. He liked the way Andrew's sphincter tightened around his cock each time Andrew ejaculated. In turn Andrew loved to have a big stiff dick in his rectum when he came. Andrew lifted Brad's hand to his mouth and licked the semen from Brad's fingers.

The two of them rested on their sides and did not move for several minutes. Andrew liked the feeling of the wet stiff cock resting against his buttocks. Andrew was done for the day as the most he could cum in one day was three times and he had had three intense ejaculations. Brad's cock got a little softer but remained semi-erect. Brad felt as if he could fuck Andrew once more time before he left for home. Brad asked if they could watch the movie again particularly the massage scene. He wanted to see the blonde get fucked in his incredibly desirous ass again.

Watching that scene was enough to get Brad aroused to the point where he could fuck Andrew one more time. This time they fucked in the family room with the movie playing. It took awhile but Brad was able to cum a fourth time. He didn't shoot as big a load but the sensation was just as rewarding. Brad left Andrew naked on the sofa as he got cleaned up and dressed. Brad then grabbed a beer from the fridge and headed out the front door. Andrew called after him.

"Thanks for a great day. I don't have any plans tomorrow if you want to stop by," Andrew offered.

Brad didn't answer but left the house with a beer in his hand. He walked home sipping the beer and reflecting on the day. He had never been so excited and turned on. He was sure it was the movies and the great sex scenes and great looking asses. He liked fucking Andrew who had a nice ass but he would really like it if he had one like the gays in the movie. Brad finished a beer and returned to his home. He was sexually sated and tired so he went to his room, flopped down in bed and turned on the TV. His parents were watching TV in the family room but he was not interested in watching their shows with them. He stretched out on the bed and thought about going back to Andrew's house the next day. He decided he would make that call in the morning after a good night's sleep.