 I have always wanted to give online chat a try, I am a shy guy and I tend to keep to myself but online I could overcome this.

Although it seems easy I tried a few times but backed off at the last moment, this time I was decided!

I already had an account on a local meeting website dedicated to guys, I took the time to fill my profile, uploaded a few photos where my face was hidden. I wondered at first what I should upload but a quick look at the profiles fixed that issues and I uploaded a few naked shots with my full body, a closeup view of my ass with a dildo in it and one picture of my dick, I was ready.

Although I did not want to meet anyone just yet I looked at the profile not too far from me, just in case. While I was looking around someone contacted me with a rather plain introduction:

"Hello, my dick got really hard looking at your photos, do you need help with that ass of yours?"

I blushed just by reading this, this was stupid since I was alone and he could not possibly see me but hey... I decided to answer and see where it would lead, his id was "Bobby22":

Me: I am new here, do you always start a discussion with someone like that?

Bobby22: It depends on my mood, I am usually even more straightforward, so... do you wanna have sex or are you just lurking?:)

Me: try me, what would you do to me?

Bobby22: Hum, I love a challenge ;)

Bobby22: I will tell you about my last encounter and you can see whether you like the idea or not, ok?

Me: ok, do on.

Bobby22: It was with a guy a bit younger than me, passive like you. I met him at his place, I was there a bit early so I looked around, the place was nice but I heard some strange noise coming from a window on the first floor, I got closer to listen better. A man was moaning, it was really sexy, at first I thought he was probably having sex with his girlfriend but then I heard a second man and realized both were fucking, it got me quite aroused and I savored every bit of it.

The noise stopped soon after and it was now time, I went up the stairs, knocked and he opened the door.

He was wearing what would pass as a string, a small one, his dick was packed in a pouch and everything else was visible, he was a nice looking guy, probably doing sports regularly. He got me in, closed the door and led the way. When he turned his back on me I could see even more, the string was not hiding anything from behind, his asshole was already slightly open, teasing me.

We got into the room and that is when I realized that the noise I was hearing came from this room! He got fucked by someone just before meeting me, for some reason it got me even more excited.

He dropped my pants and, seeing my fully erect penis, starting sucking on it quite vigorously, I usually like talking a bit before so it took me a bit by surprise and I had to stop him and explaining that I would not last long at this rate, he said it was not an issue and continued as before, I came far too quickly to my taste grabbing his head at the end to force the sperm in his mouth hoping he would swallow. He did swallow and smiled after that, he asked me to come on the bed and it continued sucking my penis like some candy, at first it was not that pleasant since I just came but not too long after I started to feel good again, the way he was looking at me while sucking on my dick was really sexy.

Once fully erect he stopped, grabbed a condom, put it on and proceeded to mount me like an amazon, he certainly knew what he wanted. I let him play a bit on his own, enjoying it, but I wanted to be part of the action so I pushed me a bit and got behind him, he opposed no resistance and I even think he was waiting for it, I fucked him like crazy and I think this was my best encounter yet, he quite liked it too.

So, what do you think?

Me: Wow, that was pretty crazy, I am leaking precum a lot... But I am still not decided

Booby22: drop me a message if you want some action :)

After that I closed the chat, this story haunted me for the night and then the day after.

I logged back in three days later looking for him. After a few minutes he was the one who found me and initiated a private chat:

Bobby22: Hello, I was hoping would come back :)

Me: Hello, last time was... interesting.

Bobby22: I am sure it was way more than that but glad you liked it, so... what are you there for? virtual or real?

Me: I am not yet ready, tell me more, did you met with someone since last time?

Bobby22: As a matter of fact I did but it was not as good as the last one I told you about.

Me: I wanna hear it please.

Bobby22: This time I was to meet him in a shopping center, more exactly in the toilets. He knew about toilets almost always empty and that's where he wanted me to fuck him, so I went.

When I arrived the place was indeed deserted, most of the visitors were on the floor below, as I approached a guy in a nice suit was standing in front, we exchanged very few words and once confirmed he was the guy I was here for we went in one of the closed toilet.

He was a weird bird but I like that, he approached my ear while unzipping my fly and said he wanted it raw but I had to be careful not to stain his costume, I nodded and he got on his knees. He licked my dick for a moment before I could not bear it anymore, I grabbed his head and shove my dick in his throat, he seemed to enjoy that I finally took control. I wanted some real action so I made him stand and forced his head toward the toilet to have full access to his ass, he already did undo his pants and lowered it on his knees, I spitted on his asshole to add some lubrication and pushed my dick inside slowly.

He said loudly: "push it harder, destroy my ass", hearing that I pushed and got my dick in, to the balls in one go, he let out a loud noise which was a mix of pleasure and pain but he still seemed happy. He got me so excited that after a few strokes I came in his asshole, he grabbed me and kept me inside.

When I was out of juice he allowed me to get out, grabbed a butt-plug he had on him and plugged his asshole, then he turned to me, thanked me saying it was awesome while putting his panties and pants on, damn, I got a huge pervert and it gets me hard just thinking about it again.

After that we parted ways, I imagine he went back to work, this is even more arousing...

Me: oh my god...

I would have trouble hiding my state if it was not for the lack of direct contact but I was really aroused after reading that, I was now sure, I wanted to meet him, I wanted to have sex with a guy.