 It had been six weeks since my little encounter with Dad in the kitchen. At the time, right after I'd chowed down on his backside and he'd cum all over the place, it had been all laughs and fun and games.

Unfortunately, Dad soon came to his senses.

I was doing the last of my Year 12 homework that night when he came in. Mum wasn't going to be home until the next day so I guess he thought this was his only chance to set things straight. He basically said that what had happened was a bit fun and a bit strange but that it couldn't happen again and we should probably not mention it.

I'd nodded and tried to act like a sensible young man, but inside I knew that all I wanted was another taste of that tight furry pucker.

Dad avoided discussing it, avoided ending up in situations where it might happen again. The whole thing was frustrating as hell.

I had a girlfriend at the time, brunette with C-cup tits who liked to shave her pussy, and I'd been giving it to her on the regular when her folks were away. We'd always had great sex, I always felt satisfied and was pretty "in the moment" if you know what I mean, no fantasizing or anything like that. But since that morning every time I was humping my little heart out all I could picture was that winking brown eye, with the firm globes pulled apart, a dusting of blonde hair over the top.

In the end I decided fuck it, I'd jump online to satisfy the urges. It took me some time, but I found the sort of thing I was after eventually. Middle-aged blokes, still pretty fit and muscular like my old man, with their legs wide and their holes on display. I didn't much care about their cocks, it was just that tight little back-end I was after.

Eventually porn wasn't enough. I tried to give my girlfriend's ring a lick but she pushed me away.

"I'm not into that." She said, and that shut it down forever as far as she was concerned.

Things were getting out of hand. I started to catch myself staring at blokes' arses as they walked around. I was working at the local supermarket, stocking shelves, when I got busted perving on one of the customers- middle-aged tradie, pretty fit, short brown hair like my old man.

"Oi Todd, you gonna stare at that bloke's arse all day?" said Sunny, the assistant manager. We called him Sunny because he was always grumpy.

I jumped, not realising I'd even been staring.

"Oh shit, I was just staring off into space, didn't even realise what I was looking at." I fumbled, which was kind of true enough.

Sunny laughed.

"All good mate, I thought maybe you were one of them gays from up at Observation Point."

That got my interest. I'd never heard about anything going on there before. Not that I'd ever really cared either way until recently.

"What?" I said, trying to act only semi-interested.

"Oh yeah, go up there at night, there's blokes sucking each other off in the bushes." He said matter-of-factly.

"And how do you know?" I teased him.

"Went for a drive up there one night to clear my head, turned out to be the wrong spot to go!" he said and laughed. I joined in too, but I filed that info away.

Later that night I told mum and dad I was heading out for a bit. Mum was caught up in a show on telly and didn't think much of it, but I saw Dad look up and we locked eyes for a second. My heart pounded. There was no way he could know what I was doing, but I felt like he could see my every dirty thought.

After what felt like an eternity, he spoke.

"Have fun Toddy." Was all he said. I nodded and jumped in the car, already sporting a massive stiffy.

Observation Point wasn't far from home. I found a park pretty easily, although I noticed there were a lot of cars in the dark. I hopped out, pulled up my hoody and wandered into the woods.

There were blokes everywhere. I didn't even know our town had that many people, let alone that many gay blokes. I could pretty much make out what everyone was doing- on their knees sucking cock or wanking off watching others. I wasn't much interested in any of it, I was just walking around trying to find what I was after.

Eventually I spotted him- not my dad, but close enough. Six foot, muscles, with short brown hair and some grey at the temples, wearing thongs, shorts and a singlet, leaning against a tree eyeing me off. I walked over, not sure when I got so confident, then froze in front of him.

"Hey." He whispered.

"Hi." I said.

"What you into?" he asked. I was pretty certain what I was into by that point.

"I wanna eat your arsehole." I whispered back, feeling a rush of blood to my cock as I said the words out loud.

He chuckled, then turned around and lowered his shorts to the ground. Bracing against the tree, he stuck his arse out towards me. That was all the invitation I needed.

I sunk to my knees, ready to devour his pink knot. I hesitated for a moment- what if Dad had been a one-off? What if this bloke had a rank arse? What if I had made a huge mistake? But as I got closer and smelt the familiar whiff I was overcome and flung my head forward, driving my saliva-slicked tongue deep into his chute.

He grunted and backed himself up against my eager mouth, thrusting his hips back and forth so my tongue worked its way in and out of his date without much effort on my part. I could feel the rhythmic motion of his right arm jerking himself off, and I realised I was wanking too. I couldn't even remember taking my cock out of my shorts. I furiously pounded my six inches while the stranger moaned softly, picking up his speed as he used me as his living dildo.

While all this was going on I'd been unaware of anyone around us, but suddenly I felt a strong hand on the back of my head, forcing me further into the stranger's arse. The stranger gasped as I felt his ring expand around my tongue. I was feeling a little suffocated and, truth be told, I was relieved when the mysterious hand released me and I could come up for air.

As I leaned back away from the stranger's arse I looked around- there was a young, muscular guy with a shaved head watching us. He was on all fours and an Indian bloke was behind him, clearly giving him a fucking. A skinny redhead dude, completely naked, was leaning against a tree a bit further back, playing with his nipples and his long, thin knob. I stood up and turned to see who owned the mysterious hand, but he was decked out in all black, with a hoody and a black baseball cap. Only his cock stuck out of his fly, already wrapped in a condom. He stepped forward and eased his member into the stranger's arse. I was transfixed, watching this man I'd just rim get fucked, and for a moment it felt like I was watching my father cop it in the rear.

The thought of it, embarrassingly, brought me close to cumming.

As the stranger adjusted to his mystery arse violator, he caught my eye again. He winked, then motioned with his head for me to come closer. I got up to him and he whispered, between pants.

"Kiss me mate. Lemme taste my arse."

I'd never kissed a bloke before but it all seemed so hot and different, so I went in. His stubble scratched a bit but otherwise it was like kissing a girl. Except this was a bloke, who looked a bit like my dad but not too much, who was lapping up the taste of his own ring.

It was all too much for me, I gave myself three good yanks on the donger and then shot off against the tree and probably on the stranger, but he kept kissing me and didn't seem to mind. Eventually he broke the kiss off and with a low moan pulled his pecker. I saw long thick ropes of cum eject from his snake, although the mystery man didn't slow his pace at all. Not sure what to do, and thoroughly spent, I wandered back through the orgy of flesh to my car.

As I was getting my seatbelt on, there was a tap on the glass. My heart skipped a beat as I panicked and thought it was a copper, but when I looked up there was the grinning face of the stranger.

"Mate, you gave me the best rimjob I've ever had." He said, handing me a scrap of paper.

"If you ever wanna take it further somewhere private, give me a call." He said, then jogged off to his own car.

The piece of paper said "Dan" and his phone number.

I tucked it into my wallet and headed for home, feeling genuinely relieved for the first time in six weeks.