 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

***

It was over a week after the last episode in my room in the basement with my dad. I was so looking forward to another sex crazed night with my old man. The opportunity knocked at the door the following Friday! My mom announced at dinner that she was going to the movies with my sister and the next-door neighbor and my younger brother was spending the night at our neighbor's house with their boy who was the same age as my brother. 

My dad was in the den watching a game, I had called into him to see if he wanted me to bring him something to drink, he said to grab him a couple of beers. I grab two cold beers from the refrigerator and joined my dad in the den. I walked into the den and handed my dad his beers, he set them on the table by his lounge chair. He was wearing his jogging pants and t-shirt, he looked so hot! I was wearing my gym shorts and t-shirt and was getting a hard on looking at him. I sat down on the sofa next to his lounge chair and spread my legs showing my bulge, hoping my dad would look over at me and notice. He did just that!

"You need some help with that" he said pointing at the bulge in my shorts.

"Yes, I need some help with this hard cock!" I smiled at my dad and pulled down my shorts taking my hard cock in my fist and stroking it.

I stood up and walked over to the side of my fathers lounge chair and told him I waited a whole week for this, now suck it. He proceeded to open his mouth and go down on my cock. 

"Yeah, dad suck my cock" I moaned as I shoved my cock in my dad's wet mouth. I looked down and my dad has his jogging pants pulled down and his hard cock in his fist pumping it while sucking my cock. 

I was getting into holding my dad's head and fucking his mouth, banging my balls on his chin. He pushed me away and got up from the lounge chair removing his jogging pants standing in front of me with his hard cock pointing forward. I couldn't resist the hot sight of my dad's hard cock and got on my knees and swallowed his cock. He returned the favor by grabbing my head and fucking my mouth with his cock. I was enjoying every minute of it. I wet my finger and probed my dad ass, first with one finger then two! I spun my dad around and rimmed his ass. I was actually tongue fucking my dad and he was moaning. I stood up wet my cock with my saliva and rub it against my dad's wet hole. 

"I am going to fuck you, dad" I said as I pushed my cock against his sphincter. His hole was tight on my cock, I truly enjoyed the feeling of his ass opening up to my hard cock. I could actually feel every inch of my cock being swallowed by his tight hole. My dad was moaning as my cock slid all the way in. 

"You like my hard cock up your hole?" I whispered in my dad's ear as I pulled my cock out to slide in right back in. 

"Yes, son. Fuck your dad, give me that cock" my dad replied as he pushed his ass back to meet my thrusting cock. He was enjoying my cock fill his hole. 

"Dad, I am going to fill you with my cum!" I shouted as I emptied my load in my father ass. 

My father had his cock in his fist jerking himself off while I was pounding his hole and when I said I was going to cum he shoot all over his TV tray. 

I turned my dad around and kissed him sticking my tongue in his mouth, he did not resist but reciprocated by giving me his tongue. 

Dad and I got up and headed into the bathroom to shower and clean up before the family got back. Dad and I took turns soaping each other bodies. When my dad turned me around to wash my back, I could feel his hard cock against my butt. My dad reached around with the soap and started lathering up my upper body working his hands down to my hard cock. He took my hard cock in his lathered hands and starting stroking it. I leaned back into my fathers hairy body, his hard cock sliding between my legs.

"You like that son, my hard cock sliding between yours legs and me working your hard cock in fist?" asked my dad.

"Yes, sir. I love the feel of your cock and you pumping my cock in your fist" I replied as my dad's cock slide into my ass. My dad grabbed me by the waist and starting fucking me in the shower. I screamed for him to fuck me hard. My dad started pounding his hard cock in my hole. My dad started to moan and I knew he was about to give me his load.

"Dad, shoot that load, I want to feel you cum in my hole" I grabbed my own cock from my dad's fist and proceeded to jerk myself off while my dad emptied himself in my hole. 

We both cleaned ourselves up and got into our pj's and went back into the den to watch some TV and wait for the family to return. 

To be continue...