 Richard's bathroom was smaller than Alex had expected. As he was pushed through the door the shame he was feeling from their previous session mingled with the draft of cold from the bathroom to inspire fear. What was he doing here? This had already gone too far. 

Just turn around, thank him or something, and leave. Take your clothes and leave.

Before he processed the thought properly he heard the click of the bathroom door closing and became aware of Richard stood behind him, and then reaching around him to start playing with his nipples. Gentle pinches felt electric and Alex knew he couldn't go anywhere. He pushed his ass into Richard's hardness.

'That feels good, daddy.'

Richard reached past Alex and flicked the shower on. It was a cubicle, large, but not a 2 person unit. He spun Alex around and spat on his chest, then massaged the saliva gently into each of Alex's nipples. He worked 2 fingers into Alex's mouth.

Alex was in heaven. He felt like a slut. He's already been marked by his daddy, the traces of Richard's cum still present on his face was a reminder to him that he was nothing but a slave to his daddy's cock. He wanted to be used. He needed his body to be an object for daddy's pleasure.

Richard pushed Alex into the shower cubicle, Alex almost tripping and falling against the tiled wall. He became intensely aware of the biting cold of the tiles, and the violent heat of the water. As he cried out from the mix of temperatures, Richard had bent down and started to suck on his cock.

'Feed daddy', he growled, 'feed daddy little bitch.'

Alex had received blowjobs before, but nothing like this. He felt out of control and dizzy, fighting to keep standing as Richard began to probe his ass with a finger.

'I'm going to fuck this little hole, boy. You're going to beg me to fill your ass with daddy's meat.'

Alex could feel his second orgasm of the day building up inside him as the realisation of his submission drifted into his head. He had no choice but to surrender himself now, and was desperate to fill his daddy's mouth with cum, to give himself to him.

Richard pulled off Alex's cock as he began to feel Alex on the verge of orgasm, not wanting him to cum yet. He spun Alex round and bent him over, his asshole spread before him. The butt plug from their earlier session was removed. 

Alex was positioned so the water from the shower was falling directly on the back of his head, and was lost in a haze of submission and pleasure as Richard spat on his cock and Alex's hole, and began to push his cock inside.

Alex was aware of the spit on his ass, and was pleased Richard had done that rather than use any kind of lube. Alex had fucked himself with a vibrator before, and used lube, and it felt somehow mechanical and impersonal. This was a statement, another mark on Alex for him to know who he belonged to.

He was surprised that the sensation of being fucked was not painful. Richard's first movement into Alex's ass had been slow and deliberate, pushing as far as he could go. Now he fucked powerfully, dominantly, and Alex was lost in the sensation.

'Fuck me daddy, fuck your whore'

He didn't know if he was saying it or just thinking it. The hot water bead down on his head, somehow adding to the feeling of submission. The pleasure was mingled with humiliation and degradation. His daddy had spat on him, all over his body, and taken him like a piece of meat. But that's what he wanted. He wanted daddy to take him and pleasure himself with him, with no regard for Alex's pleasure.

'I need your cock inside me daddy.'

Alex needed more than that. He wanted to be filled with Richard's seed. It was the final act of dominance that he wanted from his daddy. He wanted to know after the experience that no matter how much shame and regret he felt, daddy's cum would still be in his ass. He wanted to be able to put his fingers in his ass later and taste it, knowing he'd been made a slave to his daddy.

'Cum in your little whore's ass daddy. Fill me, please fill me.'

'You're going to take my cum in your ass boy. You'll always be daddy's little slut boy.'

Alex could feel Richard's cock tensing. It was the same tension he'd felt with the cock in his mouth earlier, and knew that daddy's present to him was coming.

Richard grunted, and groaned loudly as the intensity of this orgasm outdid his earlier one. Alex tried to clench his ass around Richard's cock, desperate to feel all of the orgasm in his ass and milk as much of his daddy's cum as he could. He felt the warm liquid shooting deep into his ass, and gasped in pleasure.

'Yes daddy! Thank you daddy, thank you for fucking your slut boy.'

Richard left his cock buried in Alex's ass for a few seconds longer, wanting to feel the rest of his cum oozing into Alex, before withdrawing and allowing Alex to crawl out of the shower and collapse on the bathroom floor. He pulled Alex over, and took his cock into his mouth once more. Alex lay on the floor, aware of the feeling of cum in his ass and Richard's mouth sucking on his cock, his tongue licking down the shaft and taking his balls into his mouth.

'mmm... Suck my cock daddy. Suck your boy's cock.'

'Give me your cum boy, I want your whore cum in my mouth.'

Alex had already been close to orgasm from Richard sucking his cock earlier, and felt himself just moments later explode into his daddy's mouth, shooting hot jets of cum and shaking in pleasure. He lay dazed and sated, and exhausted. 

He became aware of Richard's lips on his own. They parted his, and with a flick of his daddy's tongue, Alex's cum came dripping into his own mouth.

'Thank you daddy,' Alex muttered, smiling. 'I hope I've been a good little slut for daddy today.'