 I come home from a long day to find you busying yourself in the kitchen. You are a good little whore, naked for the most part, just how I like. You stand with your back to me at the sink, letting me admire your gorgeous, hairless backside. I enjoy seeing it, especially after we Naired your pubic area together the night before. 

You must be feeling pretty tonight, since you are wearing your black garter belt and fishnet stockings, but bare feet. I love your skin, pale and unblemished. You have the perfect build if you ask me, slightly overweight. I've always liked my men with a little padding, and I love your chubbiness! 

Some might call you introverted or shy also, but I like the personality too. You stand there, obediently, letting me savor the sight. The blinds at the sink window are down, thankfully, as my lust overtakes me and I come to you. I stand close, my groin pushing into you. You can feel my erect hardness pressing between your cheeks through my pants. I wrap an arm around you and squeeze your nip as I playfully bite at the back of your neck.

I can't tell you how happy I am to see you I say. You smile and ask just how happy I am. I reply that I will show you. With my free hand I undo my belt, pants and fly and let them fall to the floor. I am wearing your favorite pair of boxers, the kind with the open hole in the front so my erect 8 inches pokes out freely. I press him back between your cheeks, letting you feel the heat of him. You gasp as I rub him up and down between your cheeks and slide over your hole. I ask you if you want it, and you smile with eyes closed, savoring the moment. You let a breathy 'Yes' escape. I ask you how bad and in response you jut your ass toward me while bending over the counter. 

As I look between us, I see that your love hole is all ready for me. You have lubed yourself for me. I am proud that you haven't played with yourself until you loose control, that you have saved it for me. I run my hands down your naked back, reveling in your smoothness. 

After a few teasing moments, my hands roam down to your cheeks. I part them again, smiling at the shiny sheen on your hole. As promised, you are exceptionally clean. I am pleased. I take one more step back, admiring you in this position. I ask if you are ready and your head nods several times. I step up to you, again rubbing the head of my cock from along your sack up to your hole. Gentle, constant pressure slides the head into you. You suck in a quick breath as the heady rush of our love making overcomes you. I tell you to stroke yourself as I enter if you need to. The distraction can make entry smoother. You shake your head, making me smile. You would rather feel every bit of it slowly stretching you until I am buried in you. 

I begin slowly rhythmic thrusts, going in a tiny bit further each time. I am so engorged tonight, I am impressed you can take it all as I slide in another inch. It feels so wonderfully tight, and smooth and warm in your love hole. I love fucking you. Finally, I am all the way in. I hold it there, savoring the feeling of your hairless balls touching me. 

Then I begin to pull out. Slowly, I slide back in and pull out further. I can't help myself, fucking you is such a physical and psychological turn-on. I begin to pump you harder. You moan, your head resting on your arms, crossed on the counter.

With my free hand, I reach around and grasp your hard cock. You aren't huge, but I love it. Around 6 inches, just enough to fit in my mouth. I can't believe how hot and hard you are tonight. I can tell you were jerking it a little before, probably while lubing yourself for me. After a couple of jerks down your smooth shaft, my hand feels around the base of your cock inspecting our hair removal. You skin is soft. I love the look and the feel of a hairless cock. It's up to me to decide if you are hairy or not and I prefer you bald. I reach further and cup your heavy, smooth balls. I can tell you need release, but not too soon.

I alternate, holding us both off, quickly driving my cock into your anus and then holding it deep inside you as I jerk your gorgeous cock a few times. You are on tip-toe as I begin to slam into you harder, my lust overtaking me. I squeeze and grip your cock harder, asking you if you want me to fill you with cum. Your response is so strong I almost cum right there. I pause my pumping your ass to jerk you hard while I lean forward. I whisper hoarsely to you that I want us to cum together. All you can do is moan and tell me you are close. I concentrate on holding my cock tight in you and running my hand down your shaft. 

I feel it begin deep inside you, a pulsating throb. You are about to cum. The thought alone almost makes me cum. I love filling you, there is nothing better than the closeness we have when I share myself with you and you willingly accept it. I feel your throb growing as your muscles contract to pump out your warm cream. As they build in speed and strength, I begin to fuck you again. I can feel my own load ready to be unleashed. I pump you harder. You announce your orgasm, just like I ask you to, crying out, saying my name and above all thanking me. This pushes me over the edge. I must cum inside you, now. I give you one last deep thrust and begin to unload into your gripping anus. I also make sure to continue stroking you. I can feel your cock pulsate with every pump of cum. I hear it splatter against the cupboard door, I feel it splash back on my hand. I use it as lube to continue to stroke you as I feel my orgasm crest. I tense, gripping you hard. My other hand squeezes your side deep enough to leave a mark. I can see pinpricks of white light on the edge of my vision. My mouth opens in a silent cry. 

*

Feedback is greatly welcomed! Chapter 2 is on the way also.