 Days later we awake together on the weekend. The sun streams in and we are both nude. I love the way the sun lights up your skin and reveals your smooth body. I am feeling playful and horny, as usual. I tell you to rise and get me the silk scarves. Before you are fully out of bed, your cock has awoken and is hard. You are playful today too! 

When you return, I have you lay back in bed and loosely tie your wrists to the headboard. I enjoy seeing you obey me and putting your trust in me. You are all too willing to do as I ask, you are mine. 

I lean back, totally engrossed in your sunlit body. You obediently spread your legs without being told. I crawl forward to gaze closer at your hairless scrotum. I love the size of your balls! Cupping and rolling them in my hand I watch as your cock jumps. I playfully ask you what we should do today. You of course, respond that it is up to me. I ask you to tell me what you want. You ask to please suck me. I do know you have a affinity for oral sex and I like to encourage you. You have gotten good at taking the most of my cock, and unlike the women I have had, you can bring me off orally. I decide to give you and myself a treat. I rise and move so I am standing above your head on the mattress. Your intense gaze upward tells me you are captivated by my hanging balls and naked cock. 

I rub myself slowly, savoring the self-pleasure as I look you over. Finally, I can't wait anymore myself and I kneel on either side of your lovely face. I teasingly lower my scrotum to your mouth and then, as you open to receive them, pull them back up. After a few times of this, I tell you to extend your tongue, resting it against your chin. Slowly, tantalizingly, I lower my rock hard cock to your tongue and, ever so lightly, begin to slide across its wet, slick surface. I am enjoying this very much. Your tongue along the backside of my shaft feels incredible, and being on my hands and knees, in a subservient position for a change is an unbelievable turn on. Keeping my hips raised, I am able to watch as I run my cock along your warm tongue. Relaxing my pose more, I rest my arms on the bed, realizing for the first time how close your gorgeous cock is. Smiling as I see the tiny bead of precum at the tip, I decide to take this further.

I tell you to ready yourself for me to fuck your throat. Sliding my cock into your mouth, I pump in and out a few times, slowly getting you used to it. As you begin to concentrate on my cock invading your mouth, I grasp your own hard cock and slowly run my tongue along the tip. I am always amazed at how different another cock feels compared to how often I have handled my own. You are so hot, and it surprises me how hard simple flesh can get. 

Teasing you is out the window. I greedily suck you deep, taking you all into my mouth. I feel you tense in surprise. Your gasp vibrates my cock. I smile at your penis and ask if you liked that. I need no answer, I know you too well. I can feel precum leak out as I again swallow you. Your cum has such a pleasant taste, sweet and warm. I know you try hard with my own, but I know my is too salty to be palatable. I am proud everytime you taste it, for it is always your choice. 

Getting into the rhythm of sucking your cock, I shift my position. I tell you sucking me isn't necessary, I want to please you. Pulling your cock out long enough, I instruct you to raise your legs into the air and spread so I can see all of you.

With your legs spread and in the air, I slide forward between them. I tell you to hook your ankle together and rest them on my back, I want to see all of you. Wrapping my arms around your waist, I slide my hands under your buttocks as I again swallow your cock. With my head bobbing on your hardness, I slowly part your cheeks, opening your love hole for my gaze. I love to see you spread. I call it the whore position since you are open and ready for fucking.

I can't believe the feeling of your cock, soft and yet stiff, in my mouth. I get off on making you moan with my mouth, but I have yet to let you cum in my mouth. I like holding that back. Staring at your hole while I suck you off, I daydream about fucking you. Your hairless, winking hole stares back. My mouth needs a break and I bring my hand up to jerk you as I speak. I ask if you are enjoying this. Your voice is raspy as you tell me "Yes, sir." I ask if I should let you cum, or stop now with you so close. You almost sound close to tears when you ask me not to stop and to let you please cum. I playfully tell you I might need some incentive and lower my crotch to you. You surprise and delight me by licking my hole. You know I love a rim job, but don't ask for it because I know you are still shy. 

After holding myself in position to fully enjoy your tongue, I decide to pay you back. I notice my saliva has run down your crack from you cock, still pointed straight up, waiting for me to return to it. I continue to hold you cock in one hand, while the other goes from massaging your cheek to running a finger around your hole. 

Teasingly, I rub right on your anus, the saliva on it making it slick. In one motion, I swallow your cock again and slide my finger into your hole a little. You cry out in pleasure. I begin working more of my finger up your anus, while I attack your cock. My head flies up and down on your cock while my finger fucks your ass. 

"Oh, god! I'm going to cum!" You announce. I push my finger all the way in to stimulate you the most. My hand is cupping your balls and can feel them pulsate and quiver with cum. I absolutely love to watch you cum! Reluctantly I pull your cock out of my mouth just in time to watch the first geyser of cum erupt into the air. You shoot high, suddenly gritting your teeth and groaning loudly. You first shot comes back down, splattering your bare balls and hitting my cheek and hair. The rest I milk out, squeezing and jerking you, wiggling my finger in your love hole. More shoots out over my shoulder and onto my back. I am so incredibly turned on and horny, I put the head back in my mouth and suck the rest out. 

*

Comments? Please send to the address on my profile.