 I had just started my first year of college and was living away from my family for the first time. The deal with my parents was that I could go to an interstate college on the condition that I got a part time job that could cover my rent and my living expenses. I found myself a great little studio apartment a short bus ride from campus and a job waiting tables at a restaurant within walking distance of home. It was my first time living in a big city and it was great. College during the day, work 4 nights a week, party the rest of the time.

Growing up in a small town was pretty dull. But I was making up for it now I was in the city. Living alone meant I was free to bring a guy home who I met in a club, or invite one over who I met online. As an 18 year old college boy with a penchant for older guys, I was having a lot of fun. At least it was fun until the restaurant closed.

With no savings, the impact of losing my job was felt immediately. Within a few weeks I was behind in my rent and had many unpaid bills. I applied for jobs everywhere but no one was hiring. My alcohol fuelled nights of partying and clubs had stopped and I was unable to see my friends as often. It was Saturday night and my friends were out having fun without me. I couldn't sleep so I figured I would chat online to pass the time and perv on some guys profiles.

I logged in and entered the chatroom for my city. Being so late at night there weren't many guys online and the room was pretty quiet. Just as I was about to quit, a message appeared, "any boys 18-22 wanna earn some extra $$ message me." I figured it was just some guy after an escort or something. I could never do that, the thought of being felt up by someone I'm not attracted to makes me cringe. Nevertheless, I was desperately in need of money and couldn't face the humiliation of having to move back home. I decided to flick him a message.

"Hi."

"Hey boy, what's your name? You want to earn some good money on a regular basis?"

"I'm Tommy. I'm interested. What does it involve?" I enquired.

"Well Tommy, why don't you come over and we can discuss it further? If it works out, you can regularly bank over $200 for a half hours work easy. No pressure."

"I'm downtown, 328 Main St." he added.

Downtown is over 5 miles away and the buses have stopped for the night. "Sorry man, maybe another time, I'm flat broke and can't afford the cab."

"No problem, jump in a cab and I'll give you $50 just for coming over, even if you decide not to take up the offer. Apartment 1706, I'll buzz you up when you get here. What do you say?"

I don't know whether it was because I was curious or if it's just that desperate times called for desperate measures, but I agreed to meet him. I threw on a pair of jeans and a t shirt and called a cab. I had just enough money to get me there. I hope he is serious about the 50 bucks or it'll be a long walk home.

The cab ride over was a mixture of excitement and fear. It's 2am and I'm sitting in a taxi on the way to a stranger's place. I didn't even know what he looked like. I never do this sort of thing, in fact I've never met a guy online before without hours of chatting and picture swapping first. "What am I getting myself into?" I thought as I stared out the window of the cab into the dark night.

The cab dropped me off and sped away, leaving me alone in the cool air on the doorstep of an enormous apartment tower. All the towers downtown were massive, thirty to forty stories most of them. I punched 1706 into the keypad and waited nervously. A loud buzz rang out and a pair of glass doors slid open. I stepped inside and looked around. A lift bell dinged and the doors of the lift also slid open automatically. I entered the lift and floor 17 lit up as the doors closed behind me. I was whisked up to the 17th floor and the doors slid open again with a ding. I stepped out looking for 1706 when I noticed one door was already being held open. In the doorway stood a tall, mature, muscular man in a singlet and gym shorts. At least I was relieved to see he was attractive.

"Hi Tommy." he said in a friendly tone, "come on in. I'm Brad by the way."

He held the door open as I walked inside and he closed the door behind me. His apartment was impressive, modern and quite large, much larger than my tiny place. I followed him into the kitchen slash dining room, making small talk about my trip over as he poured me a glass of wine. "Here you go, take a seat." I sat in a chair next to the kitchen bench while Brad hoisted himself up onto the edge of the bench. "So tell me Tommy, why did you decide to come over tonight?"

"I dunno..." I stumbled. "I lost my job and need money I guess." I was nervous and my eyes darted around, desperately trying to avoid eye contact.

"Well Tommy, I want you to know I wasn't lying when I said you can make over $200 for a half hours work." He said as he leaned back a bit and spread his thighs apart some more. With his thighs spread, I could see up his small gym shorts that he wasn't wearing underwear. His balls and the head of his cock were clearly visible. I squirmed a little in my chair as my own cock swelled a little. Brad looked to be in his mid 40's, but was a very handsome man for his age, a nice face and short brown hair. His skin was tanned and his body was muscled, with his legs and forearms covered in light brown hair. 

"How old are you Tommy?"

"18 Sir."

"So you're a freshman and you have no money to pay bills. I understand. I was once just like you, only a long time ago. I'm 58 now." I was surprised to hear he was 58. He looked mid 40's I thought. His arms were very muscular, even if sagging a little and his legs even more strong. His calves were easily bigger than my thighs. His thighs were thick, he must work out every day. I wondered if he was a bodybuilder in his younger days. He wasn't ripped anymore, but still cut a mighty fine figure as he sat there on the edge of the kitchen bench.

"When I was your age," he continued, "there was no such thing as the internet. Not even DVD. I started out in porn when I dropped out in senior year and I've worked in the industry on and off ever since really. Then as I got older and the internet came along and the roles for feature films dried up. I wasn't even making that good money anyway, certainly not enough to pay for all this. That's when I decided I had to evolve, don't get bitter, get better as they say. Do you follow me?"

I didn't really follow him. Was does 'get better' mean? But I nodded mutely in agreement.

"I had to find a niche industry that had big demand and space for someone like me. Then I realised that gay porn is always twinks or muscle studs, but the older-younger genre has big demand and low supply. So then I started DaddysBoys, which is why I've invited you here tonight. All around the world are guys who want to see boys like you sucking and riding on cocks like mine and they're willing to pay you good money to watch it happen."

I should have been horrified at the idea, how could I possibly have sex on camera? But the wine was beginning to have an effect and I was intrigued, almost a little excited.

"Follow me and I'll show you more."

I followed him into a bedroom, except that all it contained was a king size bed, with two side tables and lamps. Other than that it was not a bedroom at all. At the foot of the bed stood a video camera on a tripod, which was connected to a laptop sitting on a table in the corner of the room. Also on that table sat another, smaller, hand held camera. Either side of the tripod stood 2 stage lights on stands. It was a very simple set, not at all what I thought a porno studio would be.

"This room is basically the entire DaddysBoys studio right here Tommy. Each show is a 30 minute live webcast, so there is no recording, no editing, I just hit start on the laptop and when we are done, I hit end. Here is how it all works, at 7pm the members sign in to watch a 5 minute teaser. That's 5 minutes of you rolling around on the bed, reading magazines, undressing, maybe play with yourself a little or some toys, basically trying to get the viewer horny and wanting more. Then, if they like what they see they can watch the rest of the show for a fee. For each viewer who pays the fee, you will get one dollar, at the end they can also leave you a tip. A good performer can easily make three, four hundred dollars for a scene."

"What does a scene involve exactly?"

"Good question. After the teaser, the daddy, me, enters the shot and stands at the side of the bed. About 5 to 10 minutes of oral then follows, followed by doggy and then you riding cock. I use a handheld camera for some close up penetration shots. Finally there's the money shot where you kneel on the floor in front of the camera and take a load. Here you need to look slutty to get good tips. If you don't like cum, take it on the face instead of the mouth, just look like you're enjoying it. Would you be ok with all that?"

"I.. .I think so..." I muttered sheepishly.

"Good. And look, if you're popular with the audience, in the future we can shoot special scenes, threesomes, gangbangs, whatever you like. I forgot to ask, you are gay right? I assume so, since I found you in a gay chat room?"

"Yes Sir."

"And you're a bottom? Can you handle cock in you? It's a live show, so I can't afford you freaking out on me when my cock starts to open you up."

"Yes Sir, a total bottom." I was beginning to feel less nervous and more excited at the idea of being fucked by Brad in front of an audience.

"Do you think this is some work that you might be interested in Tommy? "

"Sure." I shrugged, with a slight smile on my face, my cock swelling at the thought.

"Great, well there's a few other things to go over before we go any further. First off, I need you do strip off, so I can see what I'm working with here."

I nervously flipped of my shoes and pulled my shirt off over my head, revealing my torso. Brad nodded in agreement at what he saw. Then I unbuckled my jeans and dropped them to the floor, together with my underwear and stepped out of them, freeing my semi hard cock.

"Nice." Grinned Brad, "Already hard. That's a good sign." He spent the next minute or so walking around me, his eyes walking over my naked body. My skin was lightly tanned all over, except for wear my speedos covered. My calves had a very light coating of hair, and other than that my body was smooth. My chest was naturally smooth and my pubes clean shaven. "I think Daddy might have a new favourite boy." said Brad as he slapped my ass.

"I just need a quick photo of you for the site to promo your scene. Hop up on the bed and pose for me." I climbed onto the bed and kneeled in front of the camera, my butt sitting on my heels. I grabbed the base of my erect cock in one hand and looked straight down the camera. Click. "Perfect." said Brad from behind the camera. "All done! Follow me, get dressed later."

I followed him back out to the living room, still naked. "You have a real fine body kid, you could make plenty and get yourself a place just like this. Check out that view, no studio near college will give you a view like that." Said Brad, as he opened the door to the balcony. "Go on, don't be shy."

"But, Like this?" I asked, pointing at my naked self.

"Relax kid, it's two thirty in the morning, everyone is asleep. I'll come join you in a second."

I stepped out onto the dark balcony and lent on to the rail. The view was spectacular. 17 floors up. It was so quiet, but for some night traffic below. I gazed over the windows of surrounding apartment blocks. Even at this hour, the flicker of television screens lit up some windows. My already hard cock twitched at the thought that someone may be watching me. 

"That's quite some view isn't it?" said a voice quietly. I turned around to see Brad standing in the light of the doorway, completely naked, his cock erect and pointing to the stars, glistening with a coating of lube. I stared and admired his naked 6 foot body. His muscled shoulders, with large smooth pecs. His torso. He didn't have a six pack, but his stomach was flat. He looked so strong. Much stronger than my slender 5 foot 8 frame. I wanted him so bad.

He walked towards me and put a finger to his lips. "Shhhhh... don't want to wake the neighbors." 

He placed his large hands on my shoulders and gently turned me around, so I facing the balcony railing again. I reached out and held the railing nervously with both hands as he stood behind me, he reached around and caressed my smooth chest with his hands, I could feel his rock hard cock against my ass. He reached down between my thighs and spread my legs apart slightly, moving my legs back towards him as well. The he leaned in and whispered into my ear "Gotta be sure you can handle my 8 inches before we put you on camera."

With that he placed a hand between my shoulders and gently bent me over slightly toward the railing, while his other hand gripped the base of his cock and positioned the head against my hole. I gripped the railing tightly in anticipation as he began to slowly push inside me. The initial sharp pain as he forced himself in me quickly subsided to pleasure as he pushed further inside me. I had never been fucked standing up before and I certainly never been fucked on a balcony where people may be watching.

With half his cock now invading my tight hole, Brad moved both his hands to hold my waist, just above my hips, and began to gently thrust. His hands were so big they almost circled my entire waist. With each thrust he pushed further and further inside me until I could feel that the full 8 inches were inside. He drove the full length of his cock into me and held it there, filling me up. He pulled me close and kissed my shoulder, neck and then licked my ear before whispering "How does it feel to have Daddy's big cock inside you? I bet you can't wait to be one of Daddy's Boys." I could only manage a muffled murmur as I reached an arm over my shoulder, pulling his head closer for a wet, passionate kiss.

Brad bent me further over until my chin rested on the railing between my hands. He grabbed my hips again and began fucking me much harder. With each thrust he would withdraw almost all his cock before driving it home again, hard enough for his balls to slap against me. The pleasure was intense and I began to moan louder until Brad reached forward and covered my mouth with his hand. The assault on my ass continued as Brad's breath got faster and faster and I could tell he was about to come. He pulled me from the railing and held me close against his body, still covering my mouth, while his other arm wrapped tightly around my torso. He bit into my shoulder to muffle his owns groans as he thrust one last time deep inside my hole and held it there, almost trying to go even deeper. His body shuddered and he breathed rapidly, as his twitching cock shot its load deep inside me. His orgasm seemed to last an eternity, his cock still twitching after what felt like several minutes.

He held me close like that for a few minutes while he caught his breath, his softening cock still deep in my hole, when he whispered into my ear, "You are one tight little slut. We are going to be very good together." His cock slipped out of me and he turned and walked inside. I followed him inside and he grabbed a towel and began to wipe the sweat of his muscled body. He handed me fifty bucks and said, "Go home and get some sleep boy, be back here at six thirty tomorrow night. We got a big night ahead of us."