 The Hitchhiker

It had been snowing all day. A wet, heavy incessant snow that was covering everything including the highway. Combined with a wind-chill factor in the teens, Christopher was almost frozen stiff. He was elated when the huge semi pulled over to pick him up. He climbed up into the cab and smiled thankfully at the driver.

"Thanks a lot mister. I was just about frozen out there."

"No problem, son." The driver smiled at him. "Name's Zeke," the driver said and extended his hand.

Christopher took the offered hand and shook it. His hand seemed to disappear inside of Zeke's grasp. Zeke was a big man. No, a huge man. Christopher guessed that he must be well over six feet tall and probably 250 to 300 pounds; probably in his forties or fifties. 

"What you doing hitching on a foul night like this, boy?' Zeke asked.

"I'm on my way back to school." Christopher replied. "I hitched a ride with a nice old couple, but they could only take me this far. So, I was lucky to find you."

"I'll say. What school you go to?"

"Simpson College. I'm twenty and going to be a sophomore."

"I heard them stories about Simpson."

"What stories?"

"'Bout how all those queer college boys there always having sex with each other."

"I don't know anything about that." Christopher said. He was shocked at the comment.

"Oh? Don't you got a boyfriend there?"

"No! I'm not gay!" Christopher protested.

"Didn't mean to ruffle your feathers. Just figured you might be a twink. I mean given your size and all."

"What's wrong with my size?"

"Nothing boy. I'm guessing you're about five-six and maybe a hundred and twenty pounds. Kind of boy a real man would like to use."

"Well, I'm not gay. I'm straight." Christopher said in a huff.

"So then, you got a girlfriend?"

"Had one in high school. But she went to school on the other side of the country, so we broke up."

"Was she a looker?"

"She was cute."

"But no girl at college?"

"Don't have time with study and everything."

"I hear you. And you ain't done nothing with the boys at school?"

"I told you, I'm not gay."

"Yeah, I just figured college boys were always experimenting and stuff."

"Not this boy."

"Then that makes you a gay virgin." Zeke said laughing heartily.

"Not the way I would put it, but I guess that's accurate." Christopher replied.

"Hey, I got some hot coffee in that thermos. Reach in the back and get yourself a cup and pour some. It'll warm you up."

Christopher poured himself some coffee and they sat and conversed as they drove. Thankfully, the conversation drifted to topics like sports and politics instead of sex. Christopher began to enjoy talking with Zeke. Despite his country-boy, aw-shucks manner, Zeke was pretty astute and a good conversationalist. After about an hour though, Zeke got a message from a fellow driver on his CB. It seemed that the main mountain pass was closed because of the storm and the trucker advised Zeke to seek shelter at Ruby's truck stop. About ten minutes later, Zeke parked his rig in the truck stop lot and began to put his coat on.

"C'mon, boy, let's get something to eat and see if Ruby's got some rooms for the night." Zeke said.

"You know my money's kind of tight. I could just sleep here in the truck for the night."

"Boy, you'll freeze your ass staying in the truck. I ain't going to have no dead boy in my truck tomorrow morning. Get your coat on and I'll buy you dinner and get you a room for the night." Zeke instructed.

"Thanks, Zeke." Christopher stammered.

"No problem, boy. We can figure a way for you to pay me back." Zeke smiled.

They ate steak for dinner and while Christopher went to the men's room, Zeke talked to Ruby about a room for the night. She had plenty of them, but Zeke requested one room with a king size bed. He told Ruby that he was going to have fun making Christopher his bitch and that if he asked, Ruby should tell him she only had the one room. Ruby had been Zeke's friend for years and she was happy to assist in his nefarious scheme.

The Room at the Truck Stop

Christopher began to object when Zeke told him they only had one room, but Zeke told him not to be silly about it. After all, they were both guys and sharing a room should be fine. Christopher began to have a bad feeling about it when they got to the room and he discovered there was only one bed. Again, Zeke calmed his fears explaining that the bed was more than big enough for the both of them. Christopher offered to sleep on the couch, but that was impractical. The couch wasn't long enough for Christopher to stretch his legs out. Christopher sat down to watch SportsCenter while Zeke showered. Zeke was in for quite awhile. When he came out, he was wearing a black terry cloth robe that came down to his knees.

"Your turn, boy." Zeke smiled.

"I don't think I'll shower tonight." Christopher replied.

"Boy, you smell rank. If we got to share the same bed, you got to smell clean."

Reluctantly, Christopher went into the bathroom, disrobed, and began to shower. He heard the bathroom door open and Zeke shouted out.

"I didn't think you got no robe with you, so I put an extra on the hook." 

When Christopher heard the bathroom door close, he turned off the water and toweled dry. His clothes were no longer on the floor where he had left them. The only thing to put on was a robe that Zeke had left hanging on the door. The robe was green satin with a Japanese style picture of cherry blossoms imprinted on it. Christopher put it on. It was short; not even to mid-thigh. In fact, it barely covered his ass cheeks in back and his cock in front. Christopher stretched it down as far as he could and entered the bedroom.

"Wow, you look nice and fresh." Zeke complimented him. "C'mon and sit down. I made you a drink."

Christopher crossed to the couch and sat next to Zeke who handed him a glass of scotch. Christopher took a sip of the whiskey and coughed slightly.

"Guess you're more used to flowery drinks, huh honey?" Zeke laughed.

"It just didn't go down right." Christopher replied.

"How do you like your robe?" Zeke asked him.

"Is this a girl's robe?" Christopher replied

"Sure is hon. And you look awfully pretty in it."

"Look, I hope I didn't give you the wrong impression, but I'm not interested in experimenting with you, Zeke."

"We ain't going to experiment, honey. I'm going to make you my bitch." Zeke said as he put his arm around Christopher.

"It's time for me to leave." Christopher said and got up from the couch.

"Only place you're going is into my bed, baby." Zeke said as he got up from the couch and walked toward Christopher. 

Christopher backed up into the wall. He was trapped with Zeke nearly on him. Zeke tried to put his arms around him, but Christopher put his hands on Zeke's chest and tried to push him away. Zeke chuckled and grabbed Christopher's wrists, pinning them above his head. Zeke lowered his head to Christopher. Christopher tried to resist, but Zeke was too strong. The next thing he knew, Zeke's thick lips were over his mouth and Zeke's tongue was seeking entry. Christopher clenched his teeth to deny access, but Zeke insistently licked Christopher's lips. Zeke knew how to get the boy's mouth open. He pinched Christopher's nipple between his thumb and forefinger. As Christopher opened his mouth in surprise, Zeke slipped his tongue inside. Once again, he pinned both of Christopher's hands to the wall as his tongue made its new home in the boy's mouth; licking and massaging the boy's small tongue.

Christopher tried to struggle free, but he was no match for Zeke's strength. As Zeke's tongue explored his mouth, Christopher could feel his body beginning to respond. His cock was actually starting to get hard! This couldn't be happening! Christopher went weak at the knees and his body melted into Zeke's. Saliva began to drool from the corners of his mouth as Zeke tantalized him with his tongue. As Zeke felt Christopher's resistance evaporate, he began to run his hands over the boy's body. He cupped the boy's ass-cheeks in his hands and began to firmly knead and caress them. Christopher realized his hands were no longer pinned, but he didn't want the kiss to stop. He opened his mouth wider and Zeke stuck his tongue further down his throat. Zeke removed his tongue and looked down at the now pliant boy in his arms. Christopher gasped as Zeke swept him up into his arms and carried him to the bed. Zeke opened the boy's robe and smiled at his erect cock. His mouth closed over Christopher's again. This time the boy opened wide for Zeke's tongue. After a few moments, Zeke broke the kiss and smiled at the boy.

"Do you want to be Daddy's little girl, honey?" Zeke asked.

"I . . . I don't know." Christopher gasped.

"Daddy knows. Daddy will transform you." Zeke said as he laid Christopher on the bed.

Zeke removed Christopher's robe and then removed his own. Christopher's eyes widened in fear at the sight of Zeke's large, hairy body and his erect cock. His cock was huge! Christopher had maybe a 5" uncut cock, at the most. It looked like Zeke's cock was nine or ten inches and very thick with a large, mushroom head. It stood out pulsating and perpendicular to the floor. Zeke took a tube of KY from the nightstand and spread the jelly over his fuck-finger. He lay on the bed next to the boy and covered the boy's mouth with his own, thrusting his tongue hungrily into the boy's now welcoming mouth. Christopher moaned with pleasure at the feel of Zeke's tongue. Then he felt Zeke's finger toying with his asshole. Zeke teased the rim of the boy's ass with his greasy finger and then slowly inserted it into the boy. Christopher gulped slightly at the initial pain of entry. But then he began to moan with pleasure as Zeke began to finger-fuck him; slowly at first, then picking up speed. Zeke removed his tongue and finger from inside the boy and reached for the tube of KY again. Christopher lay panting on the bed as Zeke squeezed a gob of the lubricant into the palm of his hand, and then began to rub it all over his hard, pulsating cock. 

"What are you going to do?" Christopher gasped in fear.

"I'm going to fuck you and make you my little girl, my bitch."

"Please no! Your cock is so big. It'll hurt. I don't think I can take it."

"You'll take it, baby. And you'll learn to love it. Now it's time to slide it into your male pussy and transform you into my bitch!"

Zeke moved quickly. He spread the boy's legs and flung them over his shoulders. He positioned the head of his cock at the entrance to the boy's pussy. Then slowly, the mushroom head began to penetrate the boy.

"Oh no! It hurts!" The boy protested.

"It'll stop hurting, honey, you'll get used to it." Zeke said gently and pushed his cock in further.

"Please, no further." The boy whimpered.

"That's it. Beg like the little bitch you are. Soon you'll be a faggot, begging me to slide it into you." And Zeke pushed in further.

"Oh please, no more." The boy whimpered.

"One more push and I'm all the way into your boy-pussy." Zeke said and gave a final push burying all of his meat inside the boy. 

They lay quietly with the boy panting. He could feel Zeke's cock pulsing inside of him. The pain wasn't quite as bad now. And then Zeke began to slowly fuck him. Now the boy felt a mixture of pain and pleasure. Pleasure? He couldn't really like this, could he? Zeke began to pound him faster. As the tempo sped up, the pain really was turning to pleasure. Zeke plunged his tongue into the boy's mouth as he continued to fuck his male pussy. The boy was moaning now and his own cock was rock hard. Zeke knew he had the boy now.

"Do you want me stop, bitch?" Zeke sneered.

"No, please. Please don't stop." The boy pleaded.

"Say, 'please Daddy'."

"Please, Daddy. Oh, please, fuck me more, Daddy." Chrissie begged.

"Yes, baby. Daddy is going to cum inside you. Daddy's going to cum now!"

Zeke's body tensed up as the spasms of his orgasm shook him. His cock was shooting loads of cum into the boy's pussy. Zeke's cum filled the boy and began to leak out of him onto the bed. The spasms finally subsided and Zeke's cock stopped shooting cum. Zeke collapsed on top of the boy. He could feel the boy's cock begin to spasm against his chest. The boy's cum shot against Zeke's chest and, uncontrollably hit the boy's chin and mouth. As the boy's spasms stopped, Zeke held him tightly.

"I knew you were going to be my bitch the moment you stepped in my cab." Zeke said. "And now you are. You're my little faggot girl. I'm going to love training you, honey."

Zeke rolled off the boy and pulled the boy to him. He wrapped his big arms and legs around the boy enveloping him in his big, hairy body. The boy sensed that he belonged to Zeke now. He was afraid he had lost his freedom. He feared that he couldn't get away from the trucker even if he wanted to. The disturbing thing was - he didn't want to get away. Then he drifted off to sleep in Zeke's arms.

2:10 AM.  That's what the clock read when the boy opened his eyes. He was lying on his side snuggled against Zeke who was spooning him. Zeke's huge cock was lying against the boy's ass. He could feel it growing against his ass cheeks. It was throbbing against his crack when Zeke lifted the boy's leg to gain access to his hole. The head of Zeke's cock pushed into the boy's hole. Zeke pulled the boy closer against him and the length of his cock slid into the boy. The boy gasped with the initial pain and then began to moan with pleasure as Zeke slowly fucked him. 

"That's it faggot. Moan like the little girly-slut you are." Zeke whispered in the boy's ear.

The boy moaned louder and his body began to match the rhythm of Zeke's fucking. 

"Oh, yes, Daddy. Please fuck me." The boy moaned.

Zeke wrapped his meaty hand around the boy's cock and began to jack him in time to the fucking. The boy began to spasm and Zeke pumped his hot cum out onto the bed. The boy's orgasm brought Zeke to the edge and his cum began to erupt into the boy's ass. Zeke grunted like an animal in heat as he shot load after load of hot cum into the boy. The cum was too much for the boy to hold, so it leaked out of his boy-pussy onto the bed. After Zeke shot the last of his load, he lay against the boy holding him tightly.

"Whose bitch are you?" Zeke whispered into the boy's ear.

"I'm your bitch, Daddy."

"Fuckin' right." Zeke said and began to drift back to sleep.

The boy lay there as Zeke's cock began to soften in his ass. Eventually, it slipped out and the boy slept.

 

Morning

The sun shining through the motel room window woke the boy. He was lying on his stomach with his hands above his head. Zeke lay next to him, snoring loudly. Zeke's leg and arm lay across the boy's body, pinning him to the bed. The boy moved to try and get out of bed, but when he did so, Zeke scooted closer. The boy could feel Zeke's cock growing against his ass-cheek. Zeke began to grind his cock against the boy's ass, making it grow hard and large. Zeke's full erection awakened him.

"Mmmm, good morning, baby." Zeke said sleepily as he planted a kiss on the boy's neck.

"Good morning, Daddy." The boy said submissively.

"Daddy has some morning wood working. I need my little faggot to take care of that, don' you think?"

"Whatever you say, Daddy."

"You bet your fucking ass, whatever I say." Zeke chuckled as he sat up in bed. His cock stood up straight and throbbing. Zeke wrapped his hand around it and gave it a few jerks. "Daddy's got some breakfast here for his little girl. Come over here and wrap your mouth around Daddy's cock."

"I . . . I've never sucked cock Daddy."

"Now is the time to learn, baby. Come here and get your mouth on this."

The boy crawled between Zeke's legs, staring at the throbbing monster in front of him.

"Lick it like a lollipop, honey. Use your tongue."

The boy stuck his tongue out and licked Zeke's cock from its base to the head in one long motion. The taste of the throbbing pud was strangely exciting to the boy. He licked again and then again. Pre-cum began to ooze from the mushroom head of Zeke's cock. The boy licked some into his mouth. The taste was somewhat sweet-sour.

"That's it, bitch." Zeke said. "Now take it in your mouth as far as you can."

The boy's mouth began to descend on Zeke's pulsating organ. He couldn't possibly take the whole thing, could he? He got about half of it in, then backed off as he began to gag.

"Just relax your mouth and take a little more each time, baby." Zeke instructed. "That's it. Take more. Oh yes, you're a good little cocksucker, ain't you. That's it, baby, use your tongue to play with Daddy's cock."

It was getting easier for the boy to take more and more of Zeke's rod. Finally, he managed to get the whole thing down his throat. He had never been in such an erotically charged situation before. It was overwhelming; the manly smell of Zeke's body, the scent of all the sexual fluids released during the previous night's fucking, the feel of Zeke's throbbing cock in his mouth, the sucking sounds as he ministered to Zeke's cock! The boy felt his own cock hardening with desire. This couldn't be happening to him. He wasn't gay, was he? 

"That's so good, baby." Zeke moaned as the boy held the base of Zeke's cock in his hand and his head bobbed up and down on the throbbing rod. "Daddy has a nice protein breakfast for his girly-boy. You just need to suck it out of Daddy. Oh yes," Zeke moaned with pleasure. Then the spasms shook him. He sprayed a huge load of cum into the boy's soft mouth.

The boy thought he would gag as the cum filled his mouth. He tried to back off, but Zeke's hand on his head held him firm. Another huge load shot into his mouth; then another and another and another.

"That's it, baby. Swallow all of it, honey. Yes. Suck it out of Daddy and swallow all of Daddy's cum." Zeke smiled as he watched the boy nurse his cock and drain all of its fluid. "Yes, baby, you got it all. Now lick Daddy clean."

The boy eagerly did as ordered. He licked all the cum off of Zeke's crotch; off of his cock and balls and thighs. Zeke's orgasm had been prolific as usual and cum had leaked out the boy's mouth. But the clean-up was intoxicating for the boy. His own little cock was stiff and hard and doing little pushups in the air. Zeke smiled when he noticed this. He lifted the boy up to him and plunged his tongue into the boy's mouth as he wrapped his hand around the boy's penis, squeezing and stroking. The boy was moaning now. He was out of control and frantic to cum. His tongue eagerly danced against Zeke's. He began to shake uncontrollably as his cock spasm'd and Zeke milked the cum out of him. Then, sated, he collapsed against Zeke with a huge sigh of contentment. Zeke wrapped his arms around his boy and held him close.

"Today we begin your training, baby. And you begin your new life with me. You understand?"

"Yes, Daddy." The boy replied.

"First thing you got to understand is, you belong to me now. You got to obey me without question. If you don't obey, I got to punish you. Spank your sexy little ass, or worse. You understand?"

"Yes, Daddy."

"Next you got to understand exactly what you are. But you can't just hear me say it. You got to say it. When you say it, it's real. When you say it, it's true. You are a not a real man. You are a faggot. What are you, boy?"

"I am . . . I am a faggot."

"You are a sissy. Say it, boy."

"I am a sissy."

"Good. You are a cocksucker."

"I am a cocksucker."

"You are a girly-boy."

"I am a girly-boy." And the boy began to tear up realizing what was happening to him.

"That's it little sissy-girl. Cry as you give yourself to Daddy. You are a bitch."
