 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

It's been a few weeks and I am finally getting better. No more casts and my ankle is only a little sore still. 

But never mind that. I am still thinking about my son. He jacked me off. HE JACKED ME OFF. And I haven't even thought to do something for him until now. 

After he graduated we were gonna have a party for him. Until my little accident. Now I would surprise him when he gets home today from his best friend's house. 

I shoved a cake in the oven that I quickly mixed. Next I got ready to go get my son a present. And it will be a surprise he will never forget. 

——

"SURPRISE!" I turned on the lights holding the cake. Streamers littered the ceiling. 

"Holy shit dad! Thank you." He beamed. 

"Your welcome Martin. I was sorry that we never had your graduation party. So now this is it!"

"Thank you." I put the cake down and he hugged me. "I love you."

We sat around the table enjoying the cake that I had just made. I normally don't eat cake, but sharing this with my son made it so much sweeter. 

Later, we stood up and before we had moved to the couch he grabbed me and hugged me tight. I could feel his cock pressing against my hard on. I almost moaned. 

"I love you too." I grabbed a package behind me. "Which is why I got you this."

"Thanks daddy!" He grabbed it and walked to the couch. I sat next to him. 

As he tore into the box I got increasingly anxious, and I could feel the slow pulse of my cock growing in the extra tight shorts I bought for this occasion. 

He took out the tissue paper revealing a gay porn dvd. "Dad. Holy fuck." He tore more into the box and found a small fleshjack. 

"I know how horny teen boys can be, so I got you these to satisfy you. You can use lube that's in my room." I felt my cock pulse once again. 

Now or never. 

"That is for when." I slid my hand to his thigh. "I'm not here." And up to his warm crotch. 

He sucked in breath. "I'm really sorry Marty that I never repaid you for what you did."

"Oh daddy!" He exclaimed as I tore his pants off of him hungrily, and consumed his cock. 

His penis pulsed and grew harder as he moaned into me. 

I had never taken a cock in my mouth in my life. I hope I was doing good. 

"Oh fuck daddy. Don't stop." He grabbed my face and went to town. Dragging me farther and farther into his cock. My slobber wet his long untrimmed pubic hair and plastered it to his body. 

I was violently gagging as more and more of my sons dick slid down my throat. 

"Fuck. Daddy. More. More!"

I could tell he was getting close as his breath started to shorten. 

I ran my hands down his smooth chest as he panted: "oh... dad... DADDY I'm. I'm gonna cum!"

I took his hot load straight down my throat as he writhed under my ongoing blowjob. I wasn't stopping until all his cream was inside me. And when I finally did, he thanked me. 

"Dad, that was the greatest feeling I've ever had." I laid my head on his crotch. "Do you want me to piss for you?"

I nodded. "Yes Son I would love that." 

I felt his muscles tighten as he groaned pushing his urine out of his recently used cock. He groaned louder as the stream hit me in the face and his chest. My pants dampened as my cum unloaded from my balls. I was grinding his legs. I was a moaning slut for my son. 

"Oh daddy." He groaned once more. "You like that? You like the smell and tasted of my piss?" His stream dribbled down to a drip and I licked it off of him at last. 

"I love you Marty. I love your cock. I love your smell. I love your piss." I said as I licked it off him. 

"Love you too daddy."

The two laid next to each other, sweaty and sticky with cum. Soon sleep overtook them as they sat in their mess and stench of sex. 

What they didn't know was the neighbors boy, who was home from College was watching them from his window next door, enjoying everything he saw as he came to the father and son and their sexual acts...

***

(Thank you all who liked the first part to this and who commented saying they wanted more. I will take request so comment below what you would want to see. Obviously I will not be able to do everything but I will try my best. Thank you)