 That next morning I stayed in bed waiting for the door to close as my parents left for work. We had the habit of eating breakfast every morning together but this particular morning I was consumed...

I laid in bed wondering what actions I could take to set things in motion with Mr. Monroe...

It shocked me how certain I was. In the past my fantasies always ended immediately after my orgasm. The men I talked to online had always wanted to meet, and I teased them with the possibility. I got off thinking about servicing each man, but after cumming I would end the conversation and resume my day or night as usual... but I was confident now that I was ready to let things play out, and equally confident I wouldn't deny Mr. Monroe his wants if he made them known...

Every minute was a new torture. I knew that just coming back from a trip meant he wouldn't be back on the road until at least Friday. The idea of waiting days to see his car pull in again was daunting. 

Should I just go over and knock? No! What would I say? I assumed he would be resting anyway. On the couch watching tv and wanting no disturbances. He had no idea that I would gladly have him watching tv in silence, aside from the faint wet sounds of his tool being serviced...

I just hoped that, given that opportunity, I could deliver for him...

Ans with that thought, it struck me...

The mail! 

It was late enough in the morning that it had already been delivered. I quickly jumped out of bed. I took a quick shower and got dressed. I put on my chinos and a pink and white striped polo. I fixed up my short light brown hair with some pomade. I chuckled as I realized i was dressing for a date or an interview. In a way I hoped it would be some form of both...

As I made my way down the driveway toward our mailbox I glanced toward his house. I briefly surveyed the porch in hopes he would see me and call his manservant over with a command, but it was empty...

I was left with a much more difficult option... I decided I would bring his mail to the door and knock... I was near paralyzed after reaching into his mailbox to pull out one lone envelope... looked like junk mail. I decided before walking out my door that if there was mail in the box, I would deliver it... a part of me wished it would be empty... it was going to be very obvious to him what I would be doing...

I started up his driveway before I had even realized it. 

I was brimming with anxiety. What was I doing? Why did ai decide this was the way to get his attention? This is stupid. 

Still I kept a path toward his front door. I knew without a doubt I was going to knock... and before i knew it, I had...

Within several seconds, he appeared behind the floor to ceiling window to the left of the door, pulling back the curtain aside enough to inspect the porch. He seemed understandably confused...

He opened the door and greeted me with a smile... "Hey Dame, whats up?" (Dame was what Clinton, and by extension his parents, had always called me). 

I swallowed hard,. 

His casualness brought the realization that I had built up this moment way more than he had. I barely managed to whimper out "Hi Mr. Monroe..."

I was visibly shaken and he could tell...

His confusion gave way to a sort of vague satisfaction immediately...

"That my mail?" he asked, motioning toward the envelope in my hand, which I had unconsciously positioned just out in front of my khakis

"Yes sir..." i managed. "... figured I'd save you the trip"

"Oh..."

He paused and held my eyes with his as he reached and took the envelope without warning. As he did I could feel one of his fingers brush up the zipper line of my pants... I twitched at the touch but his eyes stayed on mine

"Thanks" he offered as he grinned. 

At that moment I knew I had not imagined any of the intent behind his looks... he knew I was uncomfortable... he knew what I had been thinking about... he knew he was in control... and he liked it... there was no doubt.

"It's hot, isn't it?" He used a pointed tone that sent me spiraling. I couldn't answer, and he seemed pleased that he had stumped me so easily. 

"Come inside?" he offered with a wave of his head.

It was more of a command than an invitation. I hadn't imagined he would be as forward as he was seeming to be. I knew the feeling he was having. It was the same i had when I knew I had sealed the deal with a girl at the bar. That moment when I knew the alcohol and conversation had made her horny and she was ready for me to take her home. I knew what was going down... and now, so did he

"Um sure... ok" I stammered out. 

He stood to the side and as I walked out of my fantasies, past his doorway, and into the foyer. As I started past him, he stopped me with a hand on my shoulder...

"Relax son... you've done the hard part already... I'll take over from here."

He closed the door behind me...