 I had no idea what to expect (or what was expected of me for that matter) as I walked in through the front hallway. I had been in this house countless times and knew the layout well, but everything took on an unfamiliar look now. I instinctively headed toward the kitchen at the end of the hall. This had always been the rallying point any time I came to hang out in the past. I knew, however, this visit wasn't like any other in the past. I was nearly trembling as I walked. He wanted me to relax... ha, yea right...

My mind was in a blur... still in disbelief I had allowed myself to go this far...

This was Clinton's dad!

The man who used to make us pancakes on Saturday mornings. 

The man who fixed our bikes. 

Now the man inviting me into this house with a definite lust in his eyes...

I was lost. 

I knew I was heading to the kitchen, but any notion of what to do once I got there was completely absent. 

As if reading my mind, Mr. Monroe broke through the silence with his instructions as I passed by the entrance to the living room...

"I was just in here watching a movie when you knocked... if you're going into the kitchen grab me a beer, will ya?"

"You got it." I tried my damndest at a casual tone, but my voice cracked into a much more feeble one than intended. 

Ughh... pull it together Dame. 

I made it to the fridge without passing out from anxiety. I grabbed two beers and went to the drawer for a bottle opener. As I started to pop the tops I looked up and into the living room. My eyes snapped to the large flatscreen tv on the far wall. On display was a hot blonde, naked and on all fours, breasts tossing back and forth from the rough doggystyle fucking she was receiving...

Was he really watching porn?! Was I imagining this? He was facing the tv and away from me, only his head and shoulders visible above the back of the couch. Was he waiting with his cock out for me to see when I walked in? I was frozen. I was glued to the screen. The camera angle had changed and I was now watching a massive cock pounding it's way in and out of her asshole. I had to be dreaming this...

Again, as if reading my mind, Mr. Monroe called out from the couch...

"I hope you aren't offended... I was taking a break from filling out log books, and this stuff really helps me relax."

"Oh, not at all... it's fine." I answered. 

"You sure?... I can cut it off" he offered...

I struggled for words. 

"No, no... it's cool" I said reassuringly. "Nothing I haven't seen before..." I joked as I took a sip of beer. 

"Haha, oh really??" he chuckled. "Have you ever seen it like this before?"

I knew exactly what he was driving at, but I posed fake ignorance. 

"What do you mean?"

He shifted course quickly. "How those beers coming along?" 

"Oh yea... they're right here... I've got them." I was doing a terrible job at not sounding completely inept. 

"Kind of tough to drink mine from way over here..." he teased. "You trying to make me wait?" 

I couldn't answer. My legs felt like pillars of concrete. I managed to get one foot in front of the other and make my way into the living room. As I got closer to the couch, close enough that I could see just over his broad shoulders and down to his lap without being noticed, I checked for signs of just how forward Mr. Monroe was going to be...

A part of me wanted to find his hand slowly teasing his fully erect tool... ready to break in his new playtoy. Most of me, however, was relieved he spared me the initial awkwardness of that tactic when I found he was actually just scrolling through some sort of spreadsheet on his phone. In that instant I seemed to find the breath I had been trying to catch since walking through his front door. I walked those last few steps with a slight measure of confidence, and walked up to the side of the couch and offered out his beer with an outstretched hand. 

"Oh, just set it there" he said without looking up from his phone. His head gestured towards the coffee table... 

"So... have you ever seen watched porn in another man's... a much older man's... living room before?" The question seemed purposefully timed with my leaning down to set his beer on the table. My eyes were nearly level with his, and as he looked into them he punctuated his question with a playfully sinister raise of his eyebrows...

"That's what I was getting at a second ago..."

His confidence in asking drained any of my own confidence that remained...

"Uhhh... no I don't think so" I stammered with a small chuckle as I straightened back up out of the lean. His eyes tried desperately to hold mine, but I couldn't help but look away...

"Let me see your hand..." He straightened his posture on the couch after setting his phone down on the coffee table and replaced it with his beer.

"Umm.m.m... huh?" I chattered. 

I'm sure my face read like someone told to jump head first into quicksand.

"Give. Me. Your. Hand." He said it playfully, yet with a force that ensured that he wasn't joking... and that he really didn't feel a need to tell me again...

I offered hand towards him, and he quickly met it with his own. He pulled on me firmly, yet gradually enough that my upper body leaning in came naturally. Without resistance I watched as he sat my hand down onto his crotch. I did not pull back as my hand met his bulge through the shorts. I did begin to let out a questioning "Uhhhhh..." however. He quickly interrupted...

"It's okay." he half whispered as he lightly squeezed my hand around cock with his own. "It's not a big deal..." His tone dropped to a much more seductive one. It was low and rumbling, and like a pied piper it began to effortlessly influence my hand...

"This is why you brought me the mail, isn't it?" he asked...

"Well... I... I..." I started...

"Isn't it..."

He was obviously leading me to the answer he wanted...

Why was I so hesitant to indulge him? He was right... this is what I was here for! I managed to mumble out a weak "Mmhm." as I tightened my grip on the meat beneath his shorts...

"Well I'm glad you did..." he offered in the same soothing grumble. He lifted his hand from mine and leaned back into the couch, folding his hands behind his head in the same motion. I mirrored his movement, subconsciously knowing to sit down next to him. "...but now that we're alone like this..." his eyes directing themselves in a nod down to my hand, now slowly massaging his cock on it's own... "... you need to speak up and address me as sir when I ask you a question... you able to do that?" 

"Yes sir..."

The words came out immediately without thought. It surprised me, but I was lit on fire by the devilishly delighted look that came over his face upon hearing them. He nodded slightly in approval...

"Reach inside there." he instructed. His eyes remained locked on mine as I looked down to the waistline of his shorts. The bottom edge of his tshirt was overlapping the waistband, and I slowly slid my hand upwards and underneath it. The tips of my fingers found themselves running through the thick hair covering his lower stomach. I looked up into his eyes, still focused on mine, and ran my tongue over my bottom lip as my hand turned it's way beneath the elastic waistband of his shorts...

How was this happening? I was giving him a slutty look while reaching into his pants! Where was this coming from?? I let out an audible sigh as my had found his cock and gripped it. 

He let out a moan, yet kept his eyes trained on mine. He unlaced his hands from behind his head and placed one of them on the back of my neck. He pulled me in quickly and our lips met...

I had never kissed a man before... I felt a surge of desire as his tongue forced it's way into my mouth. I eagerly met it with my own. His well trimmed, yet somewhat untamed deep brown beard ground into my skin as he pulled me in tighter. I felt the thickness of his manhood becoming more apparent in my hand as he pulled his lips slightly away from mine, leaving me almost frozen in the sensation. I was lost... 

The rough, strong hand that pulled had me in for the kiss was joined joined by his other... his rough palms running up the back of my neck and tracing along my scalp to their place to just behind the ears. I opened my eyes and was greeted by his steely gaze... his eyes were loosely squinted, yet still clear and visible... revealing the hunter who now had his prey secured... a look that communicated his eagerness to revel in his prize... he was telling me it was time to service his ego.:

His attention shifted to my lips, as he offered out his tongue, stopping just shy of them. I licked it gently with my tongue, immediately feeling my head jerked back several inches... my eyes again meeting his...

"Did I tell you to lick my tongue?"

His tone was soft, but the words were firm. I just stared...

"Well..." he quickly tagged my lips and the tip of my nose with his tongue.

"Did... I?..." another tag. He pulled away and regathered my attention...

I knew what answer he wanted, but beyond that I knew my role in that moment. I remembered the sensation of cumming to the image of myself being used as his personal fucktoy. Now I was sitting right next to him, my mind flooding with the desire to satisfy his demands, and fully prepared to hear them...

I gave an embarrassed smile as I escaped his focused gaze and submissively lowered my eyes...

"No sir." I answered sheepishly. 

"I'm sorry sir." 

I was surprised by how easily the words floated from my mouth...

"Are you going to apologize to me... or to my chin?"' again snapping my head back into the position he wanted...

"No sir. Sorry sir" I offered back swiftly, with less smile and more apology than my first attempt. 

"It's alright... you didn't know you needed to ask... did you?"

"No sir." 

"...but you do now...right?"

"Yes sir."

I was getting turned on by the verbal leadership. I was comfortable in his dominance over me...

"Good..."

"I enjoy a cocksucker that does what they're told without a fuss." That word set fire to my body. I always hoped one of those timid strangers would have worked up the courage to label me that. However, hearing it like this left me satisfied it was the first time. 

"Do you like having your hand on my cock?"

"Yes sir." The question redirected my focus. I wasn't sure when I had started stroking him, but my attention drew to my hand slowly pumping on his stiffened cock...

"Yea?... you been thinking about it... haven't you?..."

"Yes sir."

"Mmmm, yea I bet you have..." I could feel his erection intensifying. "...I've seen you check me out. I figured I could make a move on you and there wouldn't be much resistance... little did I know how eager you were... I didn't expect you to come to my front door..." he trailed off a bit and examined my eyes... seemingly searching my intentions...

Mr. Monroe sat back into the couch a bit and gave a small nod as his eyes scanned the room. I was hanging on his pause like an apprentice awaiting a master's plan...

He brought his focus to the action still playing on the tv screen. I nearly turned to look for myself, but hoped to earn points for not watching without being instructed. I held my eyes fast, but I could hear the girl begging for her burly lover's cum. His gruff grunts became extended and more frequent. As the professional stud's final pause was abruptly ended by a long loud groan, the obvious indicator that he was painting the face of his anal vixen with his seed, Mr. Monroe made his desire known...

"So... here's the story..." he began. His member was still rigid in my hand as he continued... "...I have a regular cocksucker on the road... she's about your age, and perfect for those lonely days out there. Here's the thing though... I won't have her come here when I'm off because... neighbors talk, right?..." I nodded in agreement. Gossip was the official past time of the neighborhood. I knew far more detail than I ever wanted to know from being merely in earshot of a neighborhood cookout. 

"...I might be able to get away with quite a bit with you though..." he theorized as he eyed me up and down. "...but I'm not looking for a one-and-done type thing... do you know what I mean?..."

"I think so sir."

"Ha. I'm sure you don't... but that's not important..."

"My road bimbo started like you... shy... curious... kinda innocent..." He looked me in the eyes as he continued. "...but I took my time breaking her in... showed her the ropes... now she is on-call for this cock... I won't get one call or text from her, but when I need service she will cancel plans to make sure I get what I need. See... she knows if she doesn't I will find another slut to take her place... cocksuckers are a dime a dozen... you understand?"

"I understand sir, and I can keep my mouth shut until you need it open..."

Did I really just say that? Oh my god that felt good...

Mr. Monroe seemed pleased with that admission, and gave a satisfied grin...

"That's a real good answer..." he let the compliment hang as reached out and ran his thumb across my lips. "... so want to be my house cocksucker then?..."

I sighed heavily as I immediately answered "Yes sirrrr..." 

"Well... you won't be sucking my cock today..." I tried to hide my disappointment. That was the entire reason I came over!! "... I don't allow a little cocksucker in training, like yourself, to taste my cock until they show their appreciation for those two big balls below it... and I can tell you need that lesson because you haven't touched them once since you started jacking me off..."

I clumsily tried to recover "Sorry sir. I felt I needed permission first..." I pleaded. 

"You are picking this up quick... I'm impressed. You do need permission..., but you didn't ask for it..."

Invigorated by his compliment, my eagerness to satisfy him ramped up...

"I'm sorry for not asking sir. Please sir... may I feel your balls sir?..."

Again, he seemed delighted by this display. "I like the willingness, but that won't be necessary... I've got a treat for you instead..." My mind filled with anticipation... had he changed his mind? Was he going to let me blow him? Uggh... by now I was dying to. I had felt his cock transform into an extremely thick specimen in my hands. I knew now that he was not uncircumcised as I had hoped for in my fantasy, but his cock was most definitely large, and I salivated at the thought of seeing it. 

"... you're being a real good sport about all of this so far... you showed me how badly you need this by walking up to my door and knocking...I mean... here you are jacking me off on my own couch without any real effort on my part... so... I'm ok with ignoring procedure a bit..." he emphasized with something close to a wink. 

I was hanging on the words, my heart racing... I knew I was about to be told how he would use me. My thoughts were already resigned to following any instruction. I found myself hoping he would demonstrate how in control of me he obviously was... bending me over... snapping my trousers down... forcing himself inside... claiming my virgin ass with seed...

Being claimed by his seed would be the only accurate portion of that fantasy.

"Shit, that's hot..." He was watching the tv. "...Yeah..." he moaned...

"...check that out."

I looked over to an image of the girl's smiling mouth full of cum. She was playfully giggling into the camera. Like showing off a new dress, she offered many different angles of her very substantial prize. 

"She looks happy" I joked nervously. 

He laughed "She is... she just got paid! The dude is the happiest person in that room... he's getting paid AND he gets his rocks off!..." he kept chuckling. 

I returned his chuckle... "That's true..."

His laughter trailed away as he turned his head in my direction. I glanced to see his eyes narrow on my lips. His large hand met my chin, his thumb again running the length of my bottom lip...

"You want to make me happy Dame?..." He transitioned so smoothly from humor to deep intent... it sent goosebumps around my neck and shoulder blades...

"Yes sir." I proclaimed desperately. I was crawling out of my skin at the thought. Yes sir, I'm yours...

"Good... that's what I want to hear..."

"I'm ready to nut, and you're going to swallow it..."

"Yes sir." I instantly replied. Without thought I began to stroke his cock faster./

"...but not until you get home." he added. 

I wasn't immediately sure what he meant, and he noticed...

"I want you to take this nut and walk out that door without swallowing it. You're going to taste it on your walk home. You can swallow it after you show it to yourself in a mirror... understand??"

"Yes sir." I was all but exploding with anticipation. 

"Good."

"Pull these shorts off and get on your knees over there." He pointed to the floor at the side of the couch nearest to him, as well as nearest to the front door.

I obeyed his first request and pulled his shorts down past his knees, then past each foot as he lifted them individually. 

The motion caused his ample, erect man-meat to bounce around his stomach, causing a few small slap sounds along its way. God it was even thicker than it felt! I wanted to admire it, but knew Mr. Monroe looking for delay on my part. 

I stood up from the couch and went to pass between his legs and the coffee table on my way to the place he designated on the floor...

"Nah... go around that way..." He corrected me with a sweeping point of the finger towards the front side of the table. 

I changed direction and circled the coffee table. I looked his way as I walked and found him intently eyeing my entire frame while he preserved his erection with long strokes...

He followed me with his eyes, and stood up in front of me when I came to my place on the floor and lowered myself onto my knees. 

He stood just at the edge of the couch, a couple feet from me, and continued to massage his cock with drawn out strokes. 

I tried to maintain eye contact with him as he stood there over me, but my eyes kept pulling themselves downward to the display going on at eye level...

"It's ok to watch..."

"...As a matter of fact... just keep your eyes on it... but you're gonna need to be lower..." I had been sitting up on my knees, but quickly dropped to let my butt rest on the heels of my feet. He positioned himself a bit closer as I adjusted. He began pumping his wide cock in shorter bursts just inches from my face. From my lowered vantage point I could see the full thickness and length of it from beneath. It turned me on more than I had imagined. Jolts of pleasure coursed inside me with each detail I took in...

I had seen longer dicks than his... but the thickness of it was unrivaled... he was rock hard and the shaft flattened out to the sides slightly, as if it couldn't quite support it's shape under it's own weight. Plump veins gorged with blood meandered the full length of it. His smooth balls swung rapidly in accord with his strokes. 

"You like what you see baby?"

"Mmm yes sir." I moaned with assurance. 

"Mmm, yea you do..."

He began to explicitly target his large mushroom head, now rigid with a subtle crimson color just around the edges. 

Leaning down, he used his free hand on my forehead to tilt my head back...

"Open your mouth and look at me..."

I complied in an instant. 

"Mmm, get ready for this nut baby..."

I was a step ahead on that particular demand already. 

He gripped the top of me head tight and pushed it farther back. I looked into his intense eyes as he leaned closer and positioned himself in a way that left him stroking his swollen head downward, nearly grazing my lips with every rapid pass...

The first shot of his cum hit the roof of my open mouth and splashed into my throat. It surprised me a bit and I instinctively twitched, but his powerful hand held me fast in place. His loud grunt accompanied the next two shots which hit the same mark as the first. I felt it begin to coat the inside of my mouth, and had to fight the reflex to swallow what was now filling my throat. Several smaller, yet thicker, spurts dribbled out onto my tongue and joined the growing volume deep inside. Still holding my head in place, he squeezed his fat cockhead as the final drips of his man nectar found their target. As he began to pull back he used his thumb to wipe the very tip across the corner of my still open mouth. One final pearly drop leaked out and ran down to my chin...
