 My eyes were glued to his body. I imagined I was the sweat gliding down his neck to his chest and over each ripple of his hard abs. I felt my dick throbbing, pressing hard against my jeans. I shook my head and came out of my daze. God, why was I lusting after this boy? He wasn't even my type. Hell, he wasn't even gay.

Damien was fine as hell. No one could deny that. But I wasn't really into yellow pretty boys. Especially one's with dreads. And the worst part was that he was boys with my brother, Ant. All of Ant's friends were assholes. That's why I hated having to pick him up from the park. 

Every Saturday they played basketball; shirts against skins. At first it was nice. Watching a bunch of cute, hard bodied guys run up and down the court. Muscles glistening and flexing under the hot sun; hard asses and jiggly asses all bouncing to the beat of the ball, and dicks swinging under basketball shorts. By the third game I knew three of the regular guys had a hard time keeping their little soldiers under control while playing.

But now the guys started to notice me. A lot of them remembered me from high school. I was the quiet, weird little dude that didn't play any sports. But I wasn't exactly a geek. Grades were decent, but not great. 

But the thing that got their attention the most was the fact that they never saw me with a girl. Usually when the game ended they'd all talk about some girl from the neighborhood or some chick they met at the club that they wanted to fuck. I didn't get involved with the conversations.

Some of them would tease me while Ant was packing to leave, asking if I even knew what pussy looked like. I usually ignored them. 

One time one of the guys said if I couldn't find some pussy he could find some dick for me. I remembered seeing Ant's face. He was ready fight. 

I walked up the dude and asked if he was offering his dick to another man. Then I shook my head and called him a 'faggot nigga'. Everyone started laughing before he could say anything.

No one really bothered me since then but I swear Damien started looking at me more since that day. It wasn't a good or bad look; just a look. 

Now, I'm not a bad looking guy. Brown skinned, about 5'10" tall and weigh an even 160. I just wasn't used to having anyone look at me. Maybe it was my subconscious, but I noticed that instead of going to the park around the time they finished playing, I would get there earlier and earlier. Got to the point where I would catch at least two if not three of their games.

Maybe I was tripping but it seemed like Damien would make sure he was on the skins team since I started coming. He'd even play harder when I was there. Sometimes I'd watch from across the street at the deli. He didn't play as hard as when I sat in the bleachers. I even thought I caught him staring up at me.

My brother Ant started waving in my direction.

"Yo Jay! You ready to go?"

I nodded. He headed towards the car and I quickly adjusted my dick up to my bellybutton. I stumbled down the stairs of the bleachers as I saw Ant, Damien and some female walking towards my car.

"You going to click this shit open or what?"

I pushed the clicker and watched the three of them get in. I figured Ant had promised them a ride. The asshole in me thought about asking for some gas money. But I just got in the car and pulled out the parking lot. 

I looked at the female in my rearview mirror. She was usually right in the bleachers with me watching the games. Maybe Damien was actually looking at her and not me when he looked up in the stands.

It didn't matter; I just wanted to be done with all of them. I headed towards the house but Ant pointed down the street and told me to keep going straight.

"I gotta meet up with this dude to get this weight. You can just drop me off."

At that point I was annoyed. Now I was a taxi dropping Ant off at some drug dealer's place, watching Damien and this random chick make out in the backseat. I got so distracted I almost hit a guy on a bike.

I couldn't stop looking at the two of them. My eyes were glued to the rearview mirror. I watched the girl kiss down his neck and over his collar bone. A car behind me honked because I didn't move when the light turned green. 

When I looked back in the mirror Damien was looking straight at me with a grin on his face. Ant just looked at me and shook his head. As soon as we got to the corner of 5th and Monroe, Ant hopped out the car without a word. I turned and looked back at Damien and his piece.

"Where ya'll going?"

"The Days Inn hotel, right down the street."

I nodded and sped down the throughway. I knew how to get there and just wanted them out of my car. I pulled into the circular driveway in front of the hotel but only the girl got out.

"I know you tired of driving, but you mind taking me home, slim?"

"It's not a problem."

Damien told me where he lived and it only took me a couple of minutes to get there. At least I had a chance to enjoy his presence alone. Even if it was in complete silence.

"Come on up so I can give you some gas money."

"You aint got to do that, I'm good."

"Slim, it wasn't a suggestion."

He jumped out the car and headed towards the stairwell. I could have pulled off right then and there but I didn't want shit to get weird. I got out the car and followed Damien up to his apartment. 

When we got inside he locked the door behind me. There wasn't much in the living room; just a couch, flat screen TV, and the crate it sat on. Damien turned on the PS3 and played some music. He walked to the back, leaving me there at the door.

He walked into the living room with only his basketball shorts on and looked at me shaking his head.

"You can sit. I aint got roaches or nothing. Aint much but I keep my shit clean."

I sat on the couch and watched Damien parade into the kitchen and get two Coronas. He plopped down next to me and tossed me one of the beers. He reached into his pocket and handed me a ten dollar bill.

"Thanks for the ride, slim. Didn't feel like doing the train thing and def didn't want to pay for a taxi."

"Like I said, it's not a problem."

I pocketed the ten, set the beer down and got up to leave. Damien grabbed my arm and looked up at me.

"Where you going? Got some female waiting for you or something?"

"Naw."

"Then sit yo ass down and enjoy the beer. Being rude and shit."

I sat back down and opened the beer. I wasn't really a drinker. I wasn't even legal, not until next year. And the Corona tasted like piss.

"Why you aint play no sports in high school?"

"I don't know, just wasn't athletic."

"But you like basketball?"

I simply nodded. I didn't understand why he was asking me all these questions. Why he made me come up to his apartment in the first place.

"Yea, you been coming to watch the games. I be seeing you in the bleachers. So who you think is the best baller out there?"

"I don't know, the dude with the dreads."

"Who, Micah? Shit, that nigga whack."

I just shrugged my shoulders and threw back the Corona.

"Besides, I know you be watching me all the time anyway."

I choked on the swallow of beer in my throat. Of course he knew I was looking at him but I never thought he'd say anything about it. He patted my back until I regained my composure. His hand lingered on my back.

I shot up and turned towards the door. I was ready to go. But he grabbed be again and forced me to face him. He looked at my crotch and then my face. Fuck, I was hard and he saw it.

"You alright, slim?" 

He asked pulling me back down to the couch. Damien stood up and stepped in front of me. The large bulge in his pants was obvious. I wanted to reach out and touch it. I was sure he wanted me to. But for some reason I hesitated. I looked up at him with a quizzical stare.

Damien grinned and motioned towards his dick. I saw it jump in his shorts. I reached up and pulled it out. It was brick hard and hot to the touch. It curved straight down. It was thick and heavy in my hands. I gripped the base of his dick and stroked it. Precum oozed from the tip. I felt like I'd explode in my pants right there.

Damien's hand found the back of my head. He pulled me in towards his dick. I opened my mouth and tried to take the length of him down my throat. I only managed to get a little more than half of it in. He was at least nine inches but it was thick.

I moved my head back and forth, slowly, sucking and licking. I swirled my tongue around the head of his dick. I knew I was doing something right by the sound of moans leaving his mouth. I got brave and let my hands explore while I sucked on his dick. 

I cupped his heavy balls in one hand. My other hand glided over his hard abs up to his firm chest. I even played with his nipples.

By this time he had both hands on the back of my head. He was damn near piston fucking my face. I struggled to breathe. The smell of sweat, soap and cologne from his pubes filled my nostrils. This nigga put on cologne before he balled. Such a fucking pretty boy. I felt his dick swell more in my mouth. He was getting close.

"Fuck! Take that shit lil nigga."

I reached down into my pants and started jacking my own dick. I was getting close too.

"I knew you wanted this dick. Yea, suck that shit."

The head of his dick slam against the back of my throat and it felt good. He slowed down and stopped. He pulled his dick out of my mouth and held it there, dripping wet. He rubbed the head on my lips and I kissed it. I opened my mouth and held my tongue out. He slapped the heavy meat in my mouth.

Damien reached down and pulled me up. He grabbed my pants and yanked them down to my ankles. He turned me around and bent me over the couch. I felt the weight of his dick slap against my ass. 

My mind raced and I panicked. The heat from his body and the rawness of his sexual aggression was turning me the fuck on but I'd never had sex. Nothing more than oral. And he obviously wanted more than oral.

A wet warmth invaded my ass before I could protest. My face pressed against the couch, suppressing my loud moans. I'd never anything so good. 

My legs started shaking and my asshole started twitching. I felt Damien's tongue dig deeper and deeper, twisting and turning. God, this shit felt good. 

He pulled back and smacked my ass, hard. It hurt a little but the pain felt good.

"This some sweet ass nigga. I hope you ready. Cause I know you want this shit."

Gentle kisses and bites from his experienced mouth met each cheek of my ass. My body shivered with anticipation. I felt the heavy wetness of his dick slap against my ass. He took hold of my hips and pressed the head of his meat against my hole. It twitched and tightened but he only pressed harder. 

When the head popped in I thought I'd cry it hurt so much. I felt an inch or two slide in then he stopped. I felt his chest press against my back and his arm wrapped around my midsection. I felt his dick jump and my hole twitched in discomfort. I guess it excited him. He plunged deeper inside me. I reached back and still felt half of his dick not in me. Then he started stroking.

"Damn you feel good, boy. Walls feel smoother than pussy."

I reached down and stroked my dick as Damien's pumped faster. I had to keep a hand on his waist so he wouldn't go too deep. But after a while I heard myself moaning and screaming like a bitch. I didn't care. He felt so good inside me. 

Then I felt his balls slapping against my ass. He was going balls deep riding me like a corner hooker and I wanted him to go deeper. I arched my back and tilted my ass so his dick slide in at a better angle. He was getting into it, slapping my ass.

"Yea, this ass open now. Go ahead, keep squeezing my dick, boy."

He pumped harder and harder. I felt the heat of his breath on my back. It was getting heavier, more labored. But then he jumped up. I felt so empty. He turn me around and pushed me down on my back on the couch. My legs flew in the air and he was inside me again in the blink of an eye.

I watched his face. Eyes closed, mouth open and face scrunched up in some form of agonizing pleasure. His stroke got slower but more determined. He pulled out all the way and drove his full, thick nine inches to the hilt. My legs were shaking and I had to catch my breath each time he slammed inside me.

Then his eyes opened. He looked sexy as fuck. Raw, unabashed lust filled his eyes. His gaze shifted from his brown beast sliding in my wet hole to my face. He knew he was fucking the shit out of me and I loved it. I felt my orgasm building. I reached up and grabbed his chest and whispered that I was close.

Damien took hold of my waist and grabbed around my neck with his other hand and started piston fucking me. His dick felt like steel it was so hard. The throb of his meat rubbing against my insides put me over the edge. Ropes of nutt shot out of my dick and landed all over my chest and stomach. I felt my ass constrict with each shot.

"Fuck! Feel like your ass pulling on my dick. Bout to make me nutt!"

Damien pulled out and shot his load all over my face. He stuffed his dick in my mouth. I tasted the sweetness of his cum on my tongue.

I was so spent after I came he could have done whatever he wanted to me. Damien pulled his softening meat out of my mouth, looked down and smiled at me.

"Bathroom's in the back."

Damien motioned down the hallway. I got up and walked to the restroom and got in the shower. I didn't feel dirty. The smell of his sex on me made me feel hornier. But it was over. And he had a girl. He'd probably act like the shit never happened. 

I dipped my head under the hot water. Then I heard the door open. I figured he was leaving a towel for me to dry off. Then I felt him behind. And his dick was hard again.

--------------------------------------------------

Damien's Lust is a story in the Trade Banging collection of short erotica.