 I pull up to the dance studio and check the address. There's no sign, but I think I'm at the right place. My fiance isn't here yet, but she's always late. She wants me to learn to dance before our wedding. I don't see the big deal. 

A man was sitting at the front desk staring at a computer screen. His face lights up in greeting as I arrive. 

"Ah! You must be Kyle, my 6:00 lesson." He reaches his hand out to shake mine. "I'm Antonio, I'll be your instructor." He's tanned and muscular and has a firm handshake. As he stands he's a little shorter than me. 

"My fiance, Jessica, will be here soon." I motion to the door that he's now locking. 

"No, she won't." He said. "She wanted your first lesson to be solo so you could learn some basics so you won't step on her toes. This is technically after hours and I'm not even charging you for this, I'm just doing it as a favor for Jessica because she's so darn cute." He laughed at the shocked look on my face. Did he just call my fiance cute? Am I gonna have to fight this guy? He put his hand on my arm. "Don't worry, I'm not moving in on your girl, I'd be more likely to try to move in on you." He winked and walked into the studio.

He looks me up and down. "Go ahead and change now." 

"Change what?" I look down at my business suit. I just came from work. 

"You can't dance in that?" He laughed. "It's already 70 degrees in here and it's gonna get real steamy in here." He had shorts and tight tank top on. It was a little hot in here now that he mentioned it. 

He closed all the blinds on the windows so it was near dark in the room. He turned on the music and lit some candles. It was kind of a weird atmosphere for a dance lesson. 

"The A/C is broke so the darker it is in here the cooler it is." He explained. "Let's begin."

After 20 minutes of grueling dance lessons I find he's right. I'm sweating through my suit. I strip down to my boxers. I am way to hot to have any shame about being near naked with another man. 

I look in the mirror and notice he's watching me undress. He takes his tank top off and shorts. "I think you have the right idea." He's got a pair of boxer briefs on that he fills out nicely. I look away and try to think of something else. I've never been attracted to a man before. "Let's continue our lesson."

His hand comes to rest on my hip. His bare skin on my bare skin was intoxicating. He pulls me in and I can feel his erection through the thin layer of our underwear. I instinctively push my hips into it, rubbing my growing erection on his. His hand lowers down my hip until it's cupping my buttocks.

He clears his throat and looks at me "Have you ever done this particular dance before?" He asks.

"No. I didn't think I wanted to." I continued to move my hips with his.

"And now?" He starts to lower my boxers. I feel them drop down to my feet. My dick standing at full attention, begging for this man's mouth. 

"Can you show me?" I ask. 

He drops down on his knees and begins slowly stroking my cock, one hand massaging my butt. He lowers his mouth on me. My cock is in this man's mouth. It doesn't feel any different than a woman's, except he is way better at sucking dick than any woman I've ever had. He cups my balls in my hand and a finger finds my tight hole and circles it gently, teasing. I can feel my load building, straining to get out, to shoot down his throat. Just as he inserts one, then two fingers in my ass I can't hold back any longer. I dump my cum on his tongue and he eagerly swallows it.

He walks me over to the side where there's a couch. He instructs me to bend over the back. He parts my ass checks and licks up and down circling the hole with his tongue. His fingers probe inside, first one, then two. "I'm preparing you for the next part of the dance. Are you ready?" 

I nod, but I feel nervous. I feel the lubricant cool on my ass. His fingers spread it around and inside. 

"You need to relax or I'm never getting in there." He pushes the head of his dick just inside. I feel him start to fill me up. A little at at time until he's filled me completely. I relax and push back into him. The feeling is extraordinary. I look up at him in the mirror and the lust in his eyes as he's watching my ass as he slides his dick in and out spurs me on. I take my dick in my hand and begin stroking it. He starts slamming into me. I feel his balls slapping up against me.

"Your virgin ass is so tight, I'm going to cum too soon. " He pushes out one final thrust and cries out. He pulls out and leaves me exposed and empty. He starts to walk away but I pull him back and lower my face to his. His lips part and my tongue meets his. I grab his ass hard, my fingers digging into his crack, my finger tip finding his entrance. I push him up against the wall and grab the bottle of lube and stroke it all over my cock while I whisper in his ear "It's my turn now. I want your ass." His face and chest are pushed up against the wall. He's shorter than me so I have to crouch a little to line my cock up with his hole. I don't even hesitate as I push it all the way in his ass. He lets out a moan. I keep my hand on his shoulder keeping him up against the wall while I fuck this man's ass. I grab his hips and slam into him several times before unloading into his bowels. 

I clean up and get dressed. I meet Antonio at the front desk. He hands me an appointment card. 

"What's this?" I ask.

"Tell your fiance we're going to need a few more solo lessons. Same time next week?"

I grab the card and head for the door. "I look forward to it."