 When I got back with the towels Aaron wasn't in front of his locker. I followed the sound of running water, passed the shiny streaks I'd shot all over the bench, and found him standing with his back to me at the far end of one of the shower cubes. An hour ago I'd stumbled across that same sight and the thrill had pushed me into recklessness. This time I watched him casually, sure that watching was within my rights. I admired him for a while, savoring the access and the implicit trust of his nakedness.

When he turned around I admired the plane of taut skin that stretched from his chest down over his muscled core to the thatch of dark hair between his legs. His dick hung heavy there, still thick from use, and I watched a stream of water slide down his front and fall from its arrow shaped head. I watched until he wiped his face and saw me. He reached out to his left and turned on the shower head next to him.

I tossed the towels onto the bench behind me. I'd already shampooed and rinsed enough for that week and the next, but his invitation seemed too intimate to refuse. And he'd claimed that we weren't done yet, that someone was on their way to join us. Until I knew exactly who that was, until I could figure out how to safely send both of them away, it seemed better to do as he wanted.

I stepped under the warm water and turned to face Aaron. He reached between his legs and soaped himself casually, stroking now and then while he walked his eyes up and down my body. I pushed the water around my chest, up my arms and over my shoulders as I bathed in his gaze. Neither of us said anything. I was happy to let him watch as long as he liked. I'd gotten what I wanted, for the moment at least, and even the chill walk from the locker room to grab towels from the front hadn't wiped away my lingering afterglow. So we shared the shower and long appraising looks while the silence of the empty gym wrapped around us.

When Aaron had seen enough he turned the water off for both of us and I followed him back to the lockers. We toweled off in companionable silence. After I finished I waited, hoping he'd open his locker. He didn't. Instead he hung his towel around his shoulders and put his hands on his hips.

After considering my nakedness for a few long seconds he looked up at my face.

"What?"

I nodded at the locker. "Can I have my clothes now?"

"Why? He'll be here any minute."

I stared at him. I'd asked twice already and he'd just smiled and said nothing. I asked again. But what else could I do?

"Who will be here any minute?"

"It's a surprise."

I set my jaw. "Give me my clothes," I said.

He frowned back at me but didn't move. His stare was flat now, the teasing gone. This was the man I'd met in the parking lot, not the man I'd gotten to know through small talk at the front desk. He radiated a quiet, sullen aggression.

"Why?" he asked. "They'd just come off again anyway."

I opened my mouth, then shut it again. I wondered how long he might keep me there. My roommates were gone for the weekend and I'd already had dinner with my family earlier in the afternoon. No one was expecting me. No one knew where I was. He could keep me here until Friday if he wanted to. I began to wonder if we would we still be there in the morning, exhausted and emptied when the sun rose. I looked down at his member. I was anxious but intrigued despite myself. What could we get up to for that long? Who was coming? A friend? More than one?

But something told me I'd be better off not finding out. So I shrugged.

"I'm cold," I said.

"No problem," he said. "Here."

He picked up one of the dry towels still laying on the bench. He wrapped it around my waist, his face radiating heat against my chest, then tucked one corner in against my stomach. His knuckles were cool against my skin and his finger tips scratched into the hair above my dick.

"There we go," he said. He took the towel I held in my hand and settled it over my shoulders. "Cozy?"

I didn't answer.

"You're welcome," he said. He turned and started walking away.

"Where are you going?"

"I want to look around," he said over his shoulder.

"Around where?"

"Just around," he said. He was halfway down the bank of lockers.

"At what? Why?"

"Why not?"

I didn't answer. Was that an edge in his voice, or had I imagined it?

He banged a knuckle on a locker as he passed.

"Maybe I want to jerk off on something expensive," he said. And then he reached the end of the lockers and was gone.

The last cooling shreds of my afterglow faded. I thought I had lucked out, that after I'd apologized for my invasion of his privacy, after giving him my body, all would be forgiven and we would go our separate ways. But as he walked away my stomach began knotting. I hadn't predicted this strange second wind. What if he really did want to keep me there until Friday? What if he intended to share me with his friends, one after another other? What if, after everything, he told J about my indiscretion anyway? My anxiety flared as I heard the faint hiss of the locker room door swinging shut and my concerns suddenly became more immediate and practical: what if he started turning the lights on and people came to the door?

I hurried after him.

I relaxed slightly when I found him standing in front of the equipment room, not far from the front desk. He stood there, naked, a faint silhouette dyed red by the emergency exit sign. I considered what I might do if he started wandering somewhere he shouldn't, but realized how absurd that was. We shouldn't have been there at all-where could he go that would be any more off limits?

Aaron turned to look at me. He smiled, then turned back to the dark cavern of the equipment room and pulled his own towel from his shoulders. He balled it up and lobbed it forward into the darkness, watching, arms held up high like a basketball player, until it draped soggily over a stair climber.

"Guys always used to work out naked, you know," he said, letting his arms fall to his sides.

I stared at his broad back. I imagined I could just see the thin patch of hair above his ass.

I waited. "Yeah?"

"Yeah. All the time. Greece," he said. "Too bad we don't do that anymore."

I didn't bother with a response and he didn't wait for one. He walked toward the machines and when the darkness made his outline hazy, I followed. When he sat down at a machine, I moved up to stand next to him. He had his legs spread, his balls laying on the soft plastic cushion and his dick resting on top. As I watched, he started doing chest flyes.

"Hot, right?" He didn't look at me as he brought his arms forward in front of his face.

It wasn't, really. Maybe it was the inevitable trough that followed an hour of tension and sexual frenzy, but all I felt watching Aaron's chest stretch and bulge was a vague irritation. The intimacy of the showers had faded. I no longer felt the thrill of getting fucked in a public space, in a room usually filled with an unending succession of sweating men. I didn't want to see if I had another round in me. I was cold, I wanted my clothes, and I wanted to go home.

"Who's on their way?"

Before he could answer, I heard a sound that made my heart leap. We both turned to the hallway that lead to the entrance. I prayed it was just a member trying the door, hoping we were still open despite the gloom inside. I went cold as I heard the sound of keys rattling in the lock.

Aaron, smiling, stood up.

"It's J," he said. He watched my face for a moment before reaching out and pulling both towels from my body. Naked himself, he walked past me toward the entrance.

I stood rooted to the spot, terrified, trying desperately to think of a way out. I couldn't. My clothes and my keys were locked away. I could head out the emergency exit, the alarm wasn't armed, but then I'd just be naked out in the cold without anyway to get home. I was fucked.

So I covered myself with my hands and I waited, frozen.

When Aaron got to the end of the entrance hallway he leaned casually against the wall in full view of the door. Footsteps in the hallway stopped and there was a long silence.

"Why the fuck are you naked?"

I winced at the anger in J's voice.

Aaron laughed once, a sort of grunt that made his shoulders heave, and said nothing.

There was a pause, then J spoke again.

"Where is he?"

Aaron bobbed his head backwards, gesturing into the darkness behind him. In my direction.

A few more steps brought J, a vague, broad shouldered silhouette, into the red glow of the exit sign. When he saw me, he stopped.

"What the fuck," he said, putting quiet energy into the last word, "is going on here?"

"I..."

I stopped. What could I say? I was standing naked in the gym he owned while a patron, a troublesome patron who was also a friend, stood behind him wearing nothing but a smile.

I opened my mouth again, hoping the right words would come out, but before I could speak J's voice exploded into the room, echoing off the ceiling. I jumped as he bellowed.

"Why are we closed? What. The fuck. Is going on!"

Words poured out of me in a flood. I told him that Eric had needed to leave early, so he asked me to close. And then, incredibly, I went on. I told him the truth. All of it. I suspected Aaron already had, somehow, maybe in the parking lot before we came back in, and I didn't want to make things worse for myself by getting caught in a lie. So I explained how I'd used Aaron's camera to take pictures of him, that Aaron had found out when he'd left, and that out in the parking lot he had suggested that we go back into the gym to discuss things. And then I stuttered, my tongue suddenly thick as I came up against the illicit details of what had happened next.

J rubbed his hands over his face.

"This is a nightmare," he said. He let his arms fall to his sides, then he thrust them at me, gesturing at my nakedness with two blade-like hands. "Where the hell are your clothes?"

I nodded at Aaron, still cupping my hands over my crotch. "They're in his locker."

J turned to Aaron. He took a deep breath. "And why," he said, "is that?"

"Because we've been fucking," Aaron said, his voice flat. "Isn't that obvious?"

J closed his eyes and said nothing. He took another deep breath and walked past me to sit on one of the weight benches. He put his face in his hands and for a while the gym was silent except for the quiet buzzing of the exit sign.

When J spoke again, his voice was resigned.

"I'd have you both arrested for trespassing," he said, "if it wouldn't get into the papers and ruin me." He sat up and stared off into space. "Unless you're planning to do that anyway?"

Aaron let out a sigh of his own.

"Jesus, J. Calm down. No one's ruining anybody."

J fixed him with a stare. "Then why am I here? Why did you call me? Why not have your fun and get the fuck out?"

"I thought you'd appreciate the irony," Aaron said. Then he shrugged. "And I guess I was angry. But I've mostly worked that out now."

He look at me again as winked, and suddenly I began to hate him a little bit, truly and honestly.

"Now I'm thinking we've got an opportunity," Aaron said. "Your hot little receptionist here is something else. I'm thinking maybe we can share him. For old time's sake."

I could never have predicted my own reaction to that statement. My ego of just a few moments earlier would never have allowed me to imagine the sheer rush of adrenaline that pumped through my body at the casual, transactional way Aaron suggested he share me with another man. I felt my face flush. My heart pounded. My dick, soft since leaving the locker room, hardened so quickly I struggled to hide it.

J looked at me as I adjusted my hands, then back at Aaron. His jaw worked, clenching, shifting. I couldn't tell if he was holding back an angry response or thinking the suggestion through. As the silence stretched on around us, as I studied J, his broad shoulders, his chiseled face, his vascular forearms, I realized an opportunity might be slipping by. If J was thinking like a business owner terrified of a lawsuit, he would never go for it. But the J I sometimes caught watching me in the weight room mirrors, the guy who liked to cruise the gym and watch, who kept lube in his desk drawers next to the membership forms-that J might be toying with the idea.

I didn't know what the "old times" were like for Aaron and J, who they'd shared and how, but I began to imagine what it might be like and I knew, like I'd known nothing else in my life, that I wanted to see for myself.

"Ok," I said.

They both turned to look at me. J spoke first.

"What?"

"Ok," I said again, licking my lips. "You can."

"I can what?"

I shrugged, groping for words. "Both of you," I said. "You can share me."

I said it as confidently as I could, wondering at the same time whether I would have preferred that they take me without asking my permission.

Aaron laughed a real laugh then. It was a genuine, entertained, confident sound. I liked it, and I felt a fraction of the tension seep out of my shoulders. I hated him a little less.

Jay remained seated, staring at me intently. "We can use you," he said. It was a statement this time. "Do you have any idea what that means?"

"No," I said. I looked into the shadowy contours of his face. "But I want to find out."

"God!" Aaron laughed again. "See? This is what I'm talking about. How have you not fucked him yet?"

"I'm not sure," J said as he stood up. His tone was thoughtful, deep. "But maybe now I will."

I felt a full body rush when I heard those words. My dick, completely hard, was more than I could conceal. I let my hands fall away.

As J approached I could see his familiar features better in the dim light. He was in his early forties, but he had the body of a guy in his twenties. He had the tight-waisted, broad-shouldered bulk that most guys in the gym aspire to and I'd used him in my fantasies more than once. But it was different to feel him in front of me, approaching with what I hoped was only one intention. He seemed huge, powerful, and I fixed my stare on his lips instead of the eyes that watched me.

He stopped about two feet away.

"You sure you want this?"

It was both a question and a challenge. He was offering me a way out, but with the depth of his voice, the tilt of his head, he was inviting me in.

I nodded and J closed the distance between us with a single step. My dick, a straight rod suspended in front of me, pointed at his jeans.

"Yeah?" His voice was heavy, insistent. I could smell him then, his breath, the fading scent of his cologne.

I nodded again. "Yes."

Without another word, he laid his palm against my throat, then pressed his thumb against the side of my jaw until I tilted my head to the side, exposing my neck. He leaned into me until his lips were just grazing my skin.

"I'm going to take my time with you," he said. "I don't like being called in on my day off and I've got some tension to work out."

His voice vibrated in my chest and sent shivers rolling over my skin. When his open mouth came down on my neck the warmth of his tongue, of his lips, pushed an inarticulate sound out of my mouth. He dragged his lips up to my ear.

"I'm going to taste every inch of you," he said, "then I'm going to put you on your knees."

He used his hand, still around my throat, to tilt my chin up. He sucked his way down from my ear to my Adam's apple.

"While my dick's in your throat," he said, his lips moving back up to my jaw, his forehead resting above my ear, "I'm going to let Aaron use you."

I moaned as he tongued his way along my jaw.

He took his hand away from my throat and tangled it in my hair. He pulled gently but firmly until I was looking up into the shadows of the ceiling, then he tasted his way down to my collar bone.

"After that," he said, "we'll see."

I panted, leaning against him for support.

"I want you to fuck me," I said.

I felt him smile against me, his stubble rasping along my skin.

"We'll get there," he said.

I had just worked up the courage to reach out and put my hand on the front of his jeans when I heard the metallic rattling of the front door again.

I froze. I waited for J to react.

He paused, an irritated sigh rushing through his nose and chilling the warm lines his tongue had traced over my skin. He straightened and we both turned toward the hallway.

Aaron, who had stepped out of view of the door, stood with his dick in his hand, peering around the corner.

"We'll that's interesting," he said. He turned to face J, who had come to stand next to him. "I didn't call him."

"No," J said. "I did."

I stood uncertainly in the half dark, wondering who was at the door and whether I should cover up somehow, but before I could speak J disappeared down the hallway. I heard his keys in the lock, then the shuffling of feet.

"Nice of you to join us," he said. His voice was cold, ironic.

"J, I'm so sorry. I know I fucked up. Cherie needed me at home and I thought he could handle closing. I shouldn't have left. I'm so sorry."

Eric.

I looked around for a towel, for something to cover up with, but there wasn't anything within reach. The prospect of standing naked there before all three of these men might have been a fantasy at any other time, but in that moment of clashing relationships, in the face of Eric's anxiety, J's anger, and Aaron's uncertain motivations, the situation lost its erotic charge. I just wanted to disappear and I envied Aaron as he took a few steps back into the shadows by the wall. Just before Eric and J emerged around the corner, I settled for the shelter of my hands again.

Eric stopped his stream of excuses when he saw me.

"Jesus," he said. He stared at me, then looked to J, his eyes wide. "What's going on?"

J stared back, his face unreadable. Silence settled into the cavernous room.

"What's it look like?"

Eric opened his mouth and raised his hands, then let them fall again. "I don't know," he said. "I don't..." He let the sentence trail away.

"Looks to me like you closed my gym early, gave your keys to a receptionist, and shit turned fucking sideways."

I watched Eric try to swallow that. J cut him off when he tried to speak.

"About ten minutes ago I was going to fire you. My mood's improved drastically since then. Now I'm not sure what I'll do." Jay crossed his arms. "If you were me, what would you do with an asshole like you?"

Eric looked at me again, his eyes shifting quickly. Part of me wanted to watch him squirm after he'd put me in this mess, but he didn't seem at a loss for long. I saw his face settle into lines that I recognized. His eyes moved over me more slowly and I could see the calculation, then the decision.

"I," he said, "would let an asshole like me help improve your mood some more."

I'd been on the receiving end of Eric's charm since I started working at the gym. He smiled and flirted and nudged with a few light touches until you gave him exactly what he wanted. Usually you didn't realize he'd asked for something-he let you think it was your idea. But he didn't try any of that with J. He wasn't smiling. He didn't land an intimate, conspiratorial nudge on the shoulder. His face was flat.

J watched him with eyebrows raised. "And how would you improve my mood?"

Eric paused and looked at me, his eyes roaming over my body again. He nodded at me. "What's been working so far?"

I savored the words for a few seconds before I spoke them. "I told J and Aaron they could share me."

Eric frowned and looked around the reception area. He stopped when he saw Aaron standing in the gloom by the hallway, leaning against the wall. I watched his chest rise, then deflate. He turned back to J, his face set.

"Ok," he said. "I can do that."
