 JOHNNY'S STORY

I appreciate everything Tommy has done for me, I really do. I will always remember him fondly as my first true relationship, my first real boyfriend. He has taught me so much about gay life and how to act like a proper 'bottom' that I will forever be in his debt.

I'm not in love with him, but that isn't his fault. I've never loved anyone-I'm not capable of that emotion. I grew up in a loveless household; the only thing that mattered was hard work, and perseverance. 

You do your best in school... get a good job... find a woman... have kids... and raise them the same way you were raised... perpetuation of the species-that is what life is all about!

He is kind and a perfect gentleman, and most importantly, a skilled lover. He does all the cooking; I do all the cleaning and laundry. We rarely leave the complex. Some nights I beg him to take me to 'Rods' to shoot pool, but that doesn't happen too often.

He does almost all his business online. He's on the computer at least 7-8 hours-a-day, leaving me alone with too much time on my hands. I get easily restless and bored. 

Our sex life is still good. When he fucks me with his long, thin cock, my orgasms are so powerful I'm reduced to a shaking and quivering, mass of flesh. I adore Tommy's cock whether I'm sucking it, or bending over for him. 

The rest of our life though is rather routine; mundane. 

However, to be honest about it, lately, when I'm kneeling between Tommy's legs I fantasize about my best friend, Mike. I'm not sure why, I should be furious the way he treated me that last few weeks we were together, but I can't help myself. 

I fantasize Mike is forcing me to use my hands, lips and tongue on his cock and balls and asshole. All-the-while he's cursing at me for being gay.

"Suck my cock, you faggot whore" or 'Swallow it all, you faggot cum-slut" or "That's it fagboy-tongue-fuck my asshole like the simpering homo you are."

I really don't know why I get so excited every time I dream of Mike's voice saying these things to me.

Truth-be-told, I can picture every inch of Mike's beautiful cock; every ridge, bump and nuance. I clearly remember how much he loved it when I ran my tongue up-and-down the purple vein on the underside of his erection; how violently his hips and pelvis shook when he exploded in my mouth.

But that was long ago, I will never see Mike again; it is time to move on.

Thank God I met Percy; he's Ernie's boy. He's my age and we hang-out together by the swimming pool or play games in the rec room.

When I met him, he kind of repulsed me. I mean, I could tell was a nice guy, but he acted awfully faggoty even when Ernie wasn't around. Swishy, twink-types have always bothered me.

Since then, I've come to understand the kind of relationship he and Ernie have, and it's much more different and complicated than mine and Tommy's.

Whereas Tommy allows me a certain amount of freedom, Percy is completely under Ernie's thumb. While Tommy engages me in conversation, sometimes even seeking my opinion on matters of importance, Ernie rules Percy with an iron fist. And I think Ernie is something of a sadist, as well. 

The image of the very first time I saw Percy and Ernie is stamped in my brain: it was a warm Saturday afternoon, and Tommy and I were relaxing in chaise lounges poolside. I heard the rusty gate open, and looked over and saw a man about Tommy's age walking ahead of good-looking blonde boy.

The man had a swarthy complexion, and even though he was in his fifties, he still had a complete head of black, curly hair, and he was in excellent shape; he obviously took his body very seriously. There was an air of danger about him.

When I looked closer at the boy; I almost broke out laughing. He walked three-feet behind the man; his eyes appeared to be fixed on the man's ass as they walked. I first saw the dog collar around his neck then his apparel. The man was wearing a tee shirt and sweat pants, but the boy was dressed only in what I recognized from my high school gym class days as a fresh, white jock strap.

When they walked by us, the boys buttocks were totally exposed, showing-off to everyone large and angry red welts. It was painfully clear to me the boy had just been spanked by the man. I had never been so embarrassed for someone else in my entire life.

The man had acknowledged Tommy with a nod of his head; he ignored me. Then he said to the boy "Sit there!" He pointed at the chair next to mine.

"Yes, Sir!" the boy promptly answered. 

I cringed when the boy made a face as the fabric of the chair made contact with his bruised buttocks, but he didn't say a word.

The handsome man continued on his way to the 'weight room' adjacent to the pool. The room was close to the pool and everyone inside were clearly visible thru a big window.

Tommy sat-up, looked at the boy and said, "Percy, this is Johnny."

I turned and the boy offered to shake my hand. His grip was as soft and limp as a dead fish.

"Nice to meet you," he said with a smile and slight lisp.

Good God, I thought. This boy's a total fairy! He was, in my mind, the stereotypical swishy-faggot. I felt an immediate dislike of him.

The three of us sat in silence watching as more and more residents filled the pool area. It was quite a sight to see so many older men with boys around my age. They all came to Tommy and he introduced me to the men, and then would say, "... and this is his 'boy'... " never once mentioning the boy's name. 

At one point, I heard Percy yawn and looked at him as he raised his hands above his head. 

He had no underarm hair-not even stubble! I lowered my eyes and saw no chest hairs either, and noticed his legs were smooth and hairless as well. I found my eyes darting back to his chest.

Good God, the boy has breasts! I thought to myself. And look at the size of his nipples!

He had a very well-defined, almost sculpted chest. He didn't really have breasts, at least not in a woman's way, but they were definitely rounded and shapely.

Tommy excused himself saying he had computer-work to do. As soon as he was gone Percy turned to me and asked, "I saw you staring at me-do you like what you see?"

I blushed a deep red. He laughed and said, "It's okay... I've worked hard to look like this!"

He began talking, and I volunteered answers to his questions. Amazingly, his lisp and faggoty voice were replaced with a pleasant sounding baritone. He used his wrists and hands when he spoke, and there were no traces of the swishy movements he'd displayed when we first met. I guessed it was all an act for the benefit of his man.

"You're very lucky," he said to me. "Tommy is a wonderful man... he's kind and gentle... he treats his boys with respect!"

We talked some more and then I asked him how long he'd been with Ernie.

"I've been with 'Sir' a few months-I'm not sure... the boys here tend to lose track of time," he answered.

He continued: "I met Tommy about a year ago... life wasn't going well at the time... I had problems and Tommy helped me figure things out... he kind of rescued me from myself!"

Percy has a down-home, and friendly demeanor; very easy to talk to. I'm usually shy around people when we first meet, especially guys my own age, but Percy has the ability to make people feel important, to draw them out in conversation.

In a short time, I pretty much told him my life story. At least the edited version I could admit to. I gathered from our talk he had been with Tommy before Ernie. 

He talked about Tommy in such glowing terms I was about to ask him why he'd left Tommy for Ernie when suddenly I heard a booming voice shout, "BOY-GET OVER HERE AND LICK THE SWEAT OFF MY BALLS!"

Percy stopped talking to me in mid-sentence and shouted back, "YES, SIR!"

I watched in amazement as he leapt off the chair and almost ran to the weight room. He never said 'good-bye' to me, or even made a simple gesture. It seemed to me he was in fear of Ernie, and didn't want to displease him in any way.

I noticed a couple of the residents laugh, and watched Percy run to the weight room, but for the most part, no one else seemed bothered or surprised. I have to admit I watched Percy's glowing red buttocks jiggle all the way to the room. 

It made me mad the way the older man treated my new friend, but I have to be honest about this, when we heard Ernie's booming, authoritative voice, I almost leapt out of my chair to obey him and I found myself with an inexplicable erection. 

Anyway, like I said before, you can clearly see inside the weight room thru the large window and what I witnessed next stunned me.

I watched Percy follow his man behind a half-partition; I could see Ernie's legs to mid-thighs, his upper body was blocked from view. I suddenly saw Percy on his knees, his hands lowering Ernie's sweatpants to the floor.

The older man opened his legs wide and Percy's hands and face were out of sight, but obviously busy. I blinked hard several times when I realized Percy was literally licking the sweat from his man's balls.

I surveyed the residents again. A few were smiling as they glanced inside the weight room but most paid no attention. I unconsciously squeezed my hard-on then stopped and looked around to see if anyone was looking at me. No one was paying attention to me in the slightest.

I tried not to stare into the room, but my curiosity got the best of me. Percy remained on his knees for at least ten more minutes... I was positive he was giving his man a blowjob.

Once again I looked around and now no one was watching them. I guessed this was a fairly common occurrence here.

I saw Percy pull up Ernie's sweatpants, and Ernie disappeared thru a door behind him. I learned later it was the door leading to the showers. 

Then I was absolutely shocked by what I witnessed next: Percy remained on his knees, and the man who'd been lifting weights with Ernie stepped behind the partition and I saw Percy lowering his sweatpants.

Given Percy's movements, it was obvious he was sucking the man's cock. I was stunned that Ernie would allow his boy to suck-off another man-the possibility never occurred to me. 

My prick, however, was harder than ever, and I couldn't stop watching Percy's movements. For some odd reason, I fantasized it was me behind the partition... that it was me wearing a jockstrap with a freshly spanked ass... that it was me in full view of anyone who wanted to watch being forced to my knees to service two men. 

I almost came in my shorts. I carefully rose from the chair making sure my hands hid the bulge in my shorts, and hurriedly left the pool area.

I found Tommy sitting at the computer. I gave him a neck and back massage. He turned and saw my erection tenting-out my shorts. 

He chuckled and said, "I gather you watched Percy on his knees in the weight room... how many guys did he do?" The question surprised me. 

"J-Just Ernie and one more," I answered. "This happens a lot?"

He laughed again and said, "Usually there's three or four-sometimes five guys waiting in line!"

He backed his chair away from the desk and pulled me onto his lap. When his hand gripped my hard prick, I threw my arms around him and we kissed. It took less than two-minutes for him to squeeze and stroke me to a mind-shattering climax inside my shorts.

When I regained my breath, I went to my knees and took out his hard cock. I sucked him with a new-found enthusiasm. Sordid images flickered thru my heated mind as I furiously bobbed my head up-and-down his long and thin shaft. 

When he filled my mouth with cum, I quickly swallowed, all the while wondering what Ernie's sperm and semen tasted like. Does everyone's cum have a different taste and texture?

Of course it does, I answered my own question, suddenly remembering my friend Mike's creamy and slightly tart discharge.

The more I accepted my submissive role in life, the more I fantasized about men's cocks. I was definitely a bottom; a guy who deferred to other guys, and enjoyed making men happy. 

Every now and then I pictured what my father would do to me if he ever knew how I pleasure men. I can clearly remember that day in the basement when he spanked me with the pool cue while shouting "NO SON OF MINE IS GOING TO BE A FAGGOT!!"

Guess what, dad? You may have sealed my destiny and fate with that awful spanking!!

At least once a week Tommy and I would eat dinner with Ernie and Percy. More times than not, Jerry the motel owner, and the first man I'd met in town, would be there, too.

Ernie, Jerry and Percy had a relationship I didn't understand.

"What don't you understand?" Percy asked me one day while we were playing the pin ball machine in the rec room. 

He had looked quite tired that morning. It was the first time I asked about their living arrangement. Jerry spent most nights in the second bedroom.

"What don't you understand? I'm their bitch-both of them... Sir has to get up early most mornings so he goes to bed first... I satisfy him then go to Jerry's bedroom and do him, too!"

I shivered. I wondered what it would be like to have to satisfy two men every night. I guess I'd be tired, too!

"Last night they were both particularly horny so I had a late night," he said as if it were the most natural thing in the world. "And of course in the morning, they both want blowjobs to start the day, so sometimes I don't get a lot of sleep... and neither of them let me cum last night."

He must have seen the look of amazement on my face. He smiled, took my hand and placed it on his bulging jockstrap. He forced my hand up-and-down his hardening shaft. His action surprised me so much I never pulled my hand from his prick. 

"That's the biggest problem, they don't allow me to climax very often... " he said then took my hand and led me to a small broom closet, turned on the light and kissed me on the mouth. His warm lips were moist and pliant.

My mind was swimming in fog. I'm with Tommy, should I be doing this with another guy?

"Johnny," he said softly. "I like you a lot... I think we're going to be fabulous friends... would you do me a favor-you have such pretty lips and I'm so horny I could scream!"

His hands were on my shoulders. He gently, but insistently pushed down with his hands until I found myself on my knees. 

"You know what to do, baby, take it out and suck it for me," he said in a whisper.

I was in shock, but I couldn't resist. I could smell his odor thru the jockstrap and my head swooned. I became dizzy. As if in a dream, I watched my hands lower the jockstrap until his shaved cock and balls sprang into view. 

He and I both knew I no longer possessed the desire or willpower to refuse a man anything. My natural inclination is to do whatever a man requests of me. 

I was very fond of Percy and wanted to please him any way I could. I licked the pre-cum from his slit, wet my lips then slid them over his medium-sized, purple cockhead. I groaned when I breathed-in his aroma.

I sucked him slowly; sensuously. I was determined to give him as much pleasure as I possibly could. I thought of his arrangement with two men and, for a brief moment I felt guilt and shame because I envied him. 

"You know," he said, "I once belonged to Tommy... "

I didn't want to release his stiff shaft from my mouth so I made a throaty "Mmmm?"

"I was Tommy's boy for almost a year," he continued. "He taught me everything... he is so kind and gentle-I was madly in love with him... until he lost me to Ernie... "

I gave another "Mmmm?" and began to suck him faster.

"Yes, Tommy lost me to Ernie over a bet on a round of golf... from that day on I became Ernie's property... it was difficult at first-the two of them are different as night-and-day... like I said, Tommy is kind and gentle where Ernie uses punishment to get what he wants out of his boys... Ernie's method is probably more effective-believe you me-when I screw-up, or misbehave, and he spanks me until I cry... well, I never make the same mistake twice!"

My head was swimming from his words. I had a raging boner in my shorts and fought the urge to stroke it as I sucked him.

Percy's hips began thrusting his cock deeper in my mouth. My tongue furiously worked-over his hot, throbbing flesh. I stroked his shaft faster and harder. I lovingly massaged his balls-I could feel them grow larger in my hand.

When I heard his breath catch, I readied myself for an onslaught of cum.

"Yes-yes-yes," he said softly, as though he didn't want anyone to hear.

He gave me four thick streams that I easily gulped down then it was just a matter of licking his slit to coax as much out of him as I could. I noted his cum was sweeter than Tommy's.

As I was trained to do, I cleaned the softening penis with my tongue.

Percy helped me stand; he took me in his arms and said, "Sweetie, that was wonderful-thank you!"

I sheepishly smiled at him. My heart warmed with pride that I could provide my new friend with pleasure.

He kissed my lips and surprised me by inserting his tongue into my mouth. His tongue played with my cum-drenched tongue.

He laughed and said, "I think I can taste the apple cobbler I had last night."

His hand cupped my crotch. He said, "Oh Sweetie, I can feel it throbbing-you need to cum, too." 

He then guided me to a side wall, had me place my hands against the wall above my head, pulled my hips backwards and spread my legs. I had to balance myself against the wall. His hands pushed my shorts to my knees.

He stood behind me and presented his middle finger to my mouth.

"Get it wet, baby," he said.

I sucked-in his finger and licked it, and made it slick with the remnants of his own cum. He withdrew it from my mouth and I felt a hand parting my buttocks. I shivered when I realized his intentions. 

The finger massaged my perineum; slowly, teasingly. I tensed when his fingertip gently pushed on my anus.

"Relax, sweetie, pretend it is Tommy's beautiful cock," he said soothingly.

I did as I was told. I loosened my sphincter and Percy immediately pushed his finger slowly inside me. I took a deep breath when he was in to his first knuckle. He continued on until the entire finger was inside my hole.

"Oh, baby, what a nice, tight asshole... I'm sure Tommy loves fucking you," he said in a throaty voice.

He slowly worked it in-and-out until one time, when just the tip was inside me he stopped.

"Baby," he whispered. "I want you to do the fucking... move your hips for me, sweetie... "

I knew what he wanted me to do, but something in the back of my mind made me hesitate. I mean, yes, I like and trust Percy, but this was the most intimate of acts and I was doing it with someone I barely knew. 

But when Percy reached around and took hold of my hard prick, I couldn't hold back any longer. I thrust my hips back and impaled myself on his finger. 

"Ooooo... " I moaned.

"That's it, baby, fuck my finger... yes-yes, that's good, isn't it?"

The hand encircling my prick remained motionless. If I wanted to cum I would have to move my asshole back-and-forth on his finger and slide my prick thru his hand. 

It was the most deliciously wanton and depraved sex act I'd ever performed. If I wanted to achieve climax, I would have to humiliate myself before the eyes of my new friend. I would have to trust him enough to completely expose myself to him.

Naturally, my lust won out over my inhibitions. I abandoned all my principles and hang-ups and vigorously, almost frantically, fucked his finger so I could feel my prick glide thru his hand.

Oh my God, what exquisite sensations coursed thru-out my body!

I shivered and shook and on one brutal thrust his fingertip bumped my prostate and my balls exploded. 

I screamed-out "OOOHHHHHHHHHHH-YES-YES-OH-GOD-YES!!"

His hand milked my cock until the last of the semen oozed from my slit. I leaned heavily against the wall, out of breath, gasping for air.
