  Sorry about the mix up with the names. All the Angels were meant to be Daniels. Btw Dr. Andrews first name is Michael. Here's Ch.2 enjoy!

*****

The next morning my phone ringing woke me up. It was an unknown number, most likely the doctor.

"Hello?"

"Hey Daniel, it's Dr. Andrews. Did I wake you?"

"Hey Doctor, no I just yawned sorry."

I lied because when he asked I realized I woke up a little late. 

"No worries. Were meeting at the front of the airport in 45 minutes."

"Okay I'll be there."

"Awesome, I'll see you there. Bye."

I hung up and jumped in the shower. While in the shower my mind drifted back to last night. Anthony was so sexy last night. The way he smelled, his sexy smile and eyes, this man was doing things to me.

The thought made me get hard. I started to jack myself slowly thinking about him. I picked up the pace and came shortly after. I cleaned up and got out of the shower.

When I was all ready I got a can and made my way to the airport. When I got there I had trouble finding the group. I was walking around searching when I heard my name being called. 

I turned to see Dr. Andrews and a couple other people. I walked up to them. When I got close Dr. Andrews put his arm on my shoulder and and introduced me to everyone.

"Everybody this is Daniel, I'm sure some of you have seen him around lately. Daniel this is is Victor, Rick, Ashley, and Donna."

"Hey everybody." I said,

"Rick and Donna are doctors, Victor and Ashley are nurses."

Michael moved his arm and I shook hands with everybody. They were all very nice people. We started walking to our flight. Dr. Andrews walked up next to me. 

"Glad you could come Daniel."

"Thanks for inviting me Doctor."

"Call me Michael while when we're not in the office."

"Ok.. Michael."

I smiled at him and he smiled big and bright back. We walked through the airport as a group. Our flight was delayed thirty minutes because of some storm clouds. We all agreed to meet back up in twenty.

I went to the Starbucks to get some coffee. I was in line when Donna came up next to me.

"Hey Daniel, needed some coffee to huh."

"Yea I'm a little tired this morning."

We waited in line for a little.

"Are you into the UPS guy?" 

I was shocked at first but I looked at her like I didn't know what she was talking about.

"What?"

"Don't be shy Daniel. I've seen you guys talking a couple of times and you guys didn't take your eyes of each other so Im guessing there's something there."

At that point in pretty sure my face was red. I knew I was caught. Donna giggled.

"Don't worry, it's fine by me. He's really hot."

I smiled at her and she winked at me. 

"Next in line." The cashier said.

We got our coffee and started walking back to where we were supposed to meet. I hoped that Anthony would be off the subject. 

"So, has anything happened between you too?"

There goes that.

"Umm... Yea actually. He asked me out and he took me to a movie and dinner last night."

"Awww that's so sweet. What's his name?"

"Anthony." Huh, that's funny we never exchanged last names.

We approached Victor and Michael talking about something. 

"Well hopefully everything goes good between you too."

"Thanks."

We sat down across from Victor and Michael and waited for Ashley and Rick to board the plane. I checked my phone while waiting. I looked up at Michael and I thought I saw him quickly look away. Just then Ashley and Rick came and we all boarded the plane.  

I sat down and Donna looked like she was gonna sit next to me but Michael quickly took the seat. Donna sat behind us with Ashley. We sat quietly until we started taking flight.

"Have you flown before?" Michael asked me. 

"No, I'm a little nervous."

"Don't worry, in my opinion the take off is the worst part and it's not even that bad."

He gave me a comforting smile.

"Thanks."

He was right. It wasn't that bad. Once your were smoothly in the air the view was beautiful. 

"Wow, its beautiful."

"It Is." He said.

I looked at him and he was looking at me. I smiled and looked back out the window. I watched the clouds go by for awhile until I unknowingly dozed off.

I woke up to the ding of the plane letting the passengers know they can take off there seatbelts. I was laying my head on Michaels shoulder. I moved my head quickly and he jumped because of it. 

"Were here?" He asked dazed from the sleep.

Thank god he feel asleep too. It seemed like he didn't notice.

"Yea."

We stood up and got our bags. When we got off the plane we caught a couple taxis to a hotel. We walked into the lobby and figured out how we were gonna share the rooms. Michael spoke up first. 

"I'll share a room with Daniel."

I looked at Michael but everyone else kept talking about who's staying with who. Michael didn't meet eyes with me. It ended with Ashley and Donna in one room and Rick and Victor in the other. 

"We got today to have some fun around the city. Tomorrow's the meeting at nine on the dot. Then we got the rest of the day and half of the next for fun too." Victor told the group.

We all got the details then went to our rooms. Me and Michael got to ours and found one bed. I looked around and asked,

"Was there a mix up?"

"No, one of us had to get the single bed room." 

"Oh."

I went to the restroom to wash my face. When I walked out I froze because I was looking at a shirtless Michael. He was hot! I made myself look away and go to my suitcase. He was going through his things so I took secret small glances. He was smooth all over his tan muscular torso. 

"Imma take a shower, how about after we go look for something fun to do."

"Sure Michael."

I didn't look at him because I was afraid I'd do something dumb like lick my lips. He turned and I checked out his bubble butt in his jeans before he closed the restroom door behind him.

I was surfing through the tv channels when the restroom door opened and walked out a very wet and naked Michael. Not completely naked he had a towel around his waist.

"Forgot my toothbrush."

I couldn't help but look as the water droplets traveled down his chest from the movement. 

"Five days a week." Michael said.

"huh?"

"I noticed you were looking at my chest. I work out five days a week then rest for two."

"Oh.. Yea.. that's awesome. I could never stay committed to a workout routine."

I said quickly.

"No worries. You seem to be in good shape." He said while walked back in the restroom. He left the door cracked.

"We should work out sometime. I've been needing at spotter."

I thought about being on a workout bench with him standing over me. His big bulge only inches away. I started to get hard.

"Yea that'd be great."

He walked out in a t-shirt and shorts. 

"Cool, lets head out?"

"Sure."

I was going to stand but stopped mid way.

"Something wrong?"

"No, nothing."

I stood up, the shock of me almost getting caught with a boner made it go down. Thank god.

We walked around the city together for awhile until we found a park. We sat down in the grass and enjoyed the sun. 

"Pretty nice here huh?"

"Yea it is. Thanks again Dr- I mean Michael, for bringing me along."

"No problem Daniel."

We watched a group of kids run by. 

"So was my shoulder comfortable?"

I'm pretty sure my face was redder than a tomato.

"I'm sorry."

"Hey, don't worry about it. I didn't mind it. I even feel asleep too."

"I'm embarrassed."

He sat up and squeezed my shoulder.

"Don't be."

He smiled at me and I smiled back. It kinda felt like he was flirting with me. I looked away shyly and he laughed and let go of my shoulder.

We relaxed in the grass for a little longer than went for lunch. We met up with Rick and Victor at a pizza joint. We all shared a couple large pizzas. 

"So Daniel you gotta girl back home?" Rick asked. 

I was gonna tell them I'm gay but I chickened out. 

"No, not right now I don't."

I looked at Michael and he glanced at me. 

"Damn, that's too bad man. The only one without a girl or a wife at the table, your lucky. Guess that means you got the first round." Victor said.

I was a little disappointed to find out Michael had a lady in his life. 

"Oh, sure. I don't mind."

"Then Michaels got the second since he's married." Victor said married in a mocking voice.

"Fuck you Vic!" Michael said with a smile on his face. 

We drank for awhile or they drank and had one and just hung out with them. They were a little buzzed when we left. The only reason they stopped was because of the meeting in the morning. 

Me and Michael caught a cab back to the hotel. We got back to our room and Michael layed back on the bed with his arm over his eyes. I got some clothes and went to the restroom for a shower. When I got out Michael was under the covers surfing through channels. 

I felt weird getting into bed with him. I layed down and watched tv with him. He put on a funny show. We were soon laughing together at the tv. The show ended and Michael sat up.

"Hope you don't mind, I can't sleep with a shirt on."

He didn't wait for a response and stripped his shirt revealing that hot torso. He threw it on the floor. I turned my back to him so I wouldn't try and look. 

Soon I heard him snoring lightly. It took me awhile but I finally fell asleep.

----

The next morning I woke up to the bed moving and the tv playing. I opened my eyes and realized that I was laying on Michaels chest. I froze for a second realizing I had morning wood and to make it even worse it was pressed against his leg. I prayed to god he was still asleep. 

I wanted to move so badly but at the same time I didn't. He was so warm. The tv audience started laughing at something and Michaels chest rumbled a little. I thought I heard a chuckle. 

I was so caught. The tv audience laughed again and Michael broke into a little laugh sounding like he was trying to be quiet. Since I know knew he was awake there was no avoiding it.

I shot up from him quickly and quickly started apologizing. 

"I'm so sorry! I don't know how I got on you! I'll just sleep on the-"

"Daniel! It's fine! Don't worry about it."

"No. No, it's not fine you have a wife! Your straight and I'm gay! How could you be fine with it."

"Hey! You sound like you want me to be a homophobic asshole. I don't care that your gay and you snuggled up to me in your sleep so I don't blame you."

I sat on the edge of the bad and dropped my face in my hands. I exhaled loudly. After a couple minutes I spoke.

"Sorry about that. I freaked out. I thought you were gonna flip on me and beat me up or something."

He laughed a little.

"Why would you think that?"

"I don't know. Some people are really against gay people. I work with you guys and didn't want that to stress that."

"I'm not bothered at all by it. I can't say I didn't enjoy sleeping next to a warm body." 

I blushed and he laughed at my embarrassment. 

"Come lay with me Daniel." He said in a mocking voice. 

I turned and shot him a bad look and he winked at me. I got up and went to the restroom. 

"C'mon, I know you want too. Judging by that thing poking me this morning."

He laughed at his comment. I needed to get some air for a little. I used the restroom then went to my suitcase avoiding eye contact.

"Going some where?"

"Imma go get some air."

He stayed quiet for a little. When I was going to walk out he asked,

"You alright? I didn't mean to offend you or anything. I was playing."

I looked at him and he looked serious. 

"No it's alright. I'm not mad or anything, just need a breather. I'll be back in ten."

I walked out and went to walk around the block for a little. I checked my phone. It was 8:00. We all still had time before the meeting. After the breather I debated going back up to the room.

How can a straight man be Ok with a gay guys boner pressed against him. He could be bisexual, but he has a wife.

I ended up deciding that I'm just over thinking it and went back up. When I got there he was still in bed shirtless. He smiled at me but didn't say anything. I sat down next to him, the awkwardness returning to the room. Michael broke the silence,

"Wanna go grab some breakfast?" 

"Sure."

He got ready then we went down to grab some breakfast. We met up with everyone else and ate together before the meeting. We were all eating our food when Ashley started the conversation.

"How do you like the hospital so far Daniel?"

"It's great so far. I like how the hours go by quick."

"Well your lucky. You got the 

shortest hours right now it seems." She replied.

"Things might be getting more busy this time a year it usually does. So enjoy those hours while you can." Rick said.

"I definitely will."

We all were talking about how things were gonna go when we got back home when Victors timer went off.

"Thirty till the meeting guys. We should start heading over. Umm... Daniel your actually free to do whatever."

"Really?"

"Yea, I guess Michael just wanted to welcome you to the team."

I looked at Michael and he nodded his head at me. 

"Alright, I guess find me when you guys are done." 

"Will do." The majority of the group said.

I went back up to the room and relaxed for awhile. I turned on the tv and flipped through the channels. Forty five minutes later my phone went off so I checked it. It was a text from the Doctor.

'Hey, Daniel we won't be outta here till around four. Thought I'd let you know.'

'Ok thanks.' I replied.

I scrolled through my contacts and stopped when I saw Anthony. I want to talk to him or text him at least. Is it to soon? I thought for a little until I decided I'm crazy and just texted him.

'Hey Anthony, how's it going?'

My finger hovered over the send button until I made myself press it down. The longer it took for him to reply the more I thought this was a bad idea. After five minutes I got a reply.

'Hey Daniel! It's going good. What's up? How is it over there?'

I was relieved when I saw his message.

'It's great, everyone's at the meeting so I'm solo for a little bit. Just wanted to talk a little, help the time pass.'

'Nice, can I call you?'

I saw his message and called him. 

"Hey Daniel," his deep voice rumbled.

"Hi Anthony. What are you up to right now?"

"Nothing really just talking to a handsome man."

I giggled at his compliment. He chuckled too.

"You doing anything?"

"No, just in the hotel room relaxing."

"Sounds nice. Wish I was there with you."

"Its Ok but same here."

"You sound really cute over the phone."

I laughed and said,

"You sound sexy over the phone but even sexier in person."

"Oh really? You think my voice is sexy?" He said making his voice husky.

"Very." I breathed into the phone.

"Danny I'm gonna send you something."

The use of the nick name got me hard. That voice, God this man gets under my skin.

"Ok." My throat dried up.

The call ended and a minute later I got a video message. It was of Tony in bed moving the camera up slowly showing a little of the top of his furry chest and then his handsome face winking at the camera. 

'Your so sexy Anthony.'

The video got me rubbing my erection through my shorts. I wanted to take care of myself but didn't want to leave Anthony waiting. I imitated his video but added blowing a kiss to the camera. I sent it to him and got the reply,

'Fucking sexy and adorable Danny.' 

I couldn't resist taking a shower so I jumped and took care of my erection. When I got out I sent Anthony a message.

'Sorry, I needed to take a shower'

'No problem ;) I know what you mean.'

'lol'

He wrote back a couple minutes later.

'I'll message you later Danny I gotta go. Careful out there. XO'

'Ok Anthony. XO'

I couldn't help but smile to myself. I couldn't wait to get home tomorrow. I layed down on the bed and took a nap.

I woke up sometime later when the room for shut. I sat up and Michael stumbled over to the bed. I grabbed my phone and checked the time. It was 10:00. I looked at Michael a little confused from sleep.

"You okay Michael?"

"Yea I'm great! We went to get some drinks together after the meeting." He said slurred. 

"Your drunk?"

"No.. Wait yea.. Yea."

"Why didn't you guys call me I would've went along."

"The group isn't really too fond of you."

He said happily drunk.

I didn't know what to say. I was hurt that he said that, I actually thought they were nice people. He could be just drunk but who knows. Little bits of tears welled up in my eyes. I blinked them away. The room was quiet except for the tv. Michael broke the silence between us.

"I'm gonna knock out. You wanna cuddle again sweet heart." He said in a high pitched voice and laughed obnoxiously before stripping of his shirt and flopping on the bed. 

He was out like a light. I wiped away small tear that fell from his rude comment. I turned off the tv and turned my back to him. I held the tears back. 

I've always hated how sensitive I was. It was always so easy for me to cry. Tonight I was actually able to hold it together. I felt my phone vibrate in my hand. I looked at the screen. It was from Anthony.

'Night Danny sweet dreams, X'

'You too Anthony, X'

----

The next morning I woke up still on my side of the bed and Michael was in the shower. My face and pillow were damp. Must've been crying in my sleep. I couldn't remember my dream.

I heard the water stop in the shower and got really nervous. What should I do? How should I act? My mind was racing when Michael walked out in shorts and a t-shirt. He gave me a small smile.

"Ughh... I have a huge headache."

I didn't say anything I just turned on the tv. Michael sat on the side of the bed. Were watched the TV in silence. 

"What happened yesterday?"

"Oh yea Daniel I'm sorry. The other doctors wanted to go straight for a drink and we got a little carried away. But hey, we saved you the hangover."

I didn't reply.

"Oh yea and we decided we that we would catch the earlier flight back at two, so we'll be there home around six."

"Oh.. Ok."

At least we'll be home sooner. I looked at the time and it was twelve. 

"You wanna go look around some more before we go?" Michael asked.

I really didn't but I wasn't a rude person. That's also something I hate about myself. I don't really have it in me to argue with somebody, I've always gotten emotional whenever I had too. 

"Sure,"

With that we alone walked around checking out stores and stuff like that. I tried to enjoy it but I think he could tell something was wrong. I think he really doesn't last night.

Eventually we had to head back to get ready for our flight. We walked back in silence. You could cut the awkwardness with a knife. We got back to our room and got ready in complete silence too.

"Well. I think it's time to head to the airport with everybody else." 

He looked at me and I nodded. We got up to leave but before I could open the door Michael said,

"Daniel did I do something to offend you?"

"No, why do you ask?" I tried to sound normal but I guess he didn't fall for it.

"C'mon, you've been acting different since the morning you woke up on me."

I cringed at the thought. 

"Was it what I said about.. You know?"

"No Michael. I'm fine. You don't need to worry about me."

He looked me in the eye for a little then said, 

"I'm sorry Daniel. Your obviously upset about something, so whatever it is I'm sorry."

I really wanted this conversation to end so I just smiled at him. He just awkwardly smiled back and we stood to leave. 

When we got to the lobby everyone was already there. They all had smiles on there faces but I couldn't help but think of the negative thoughts about me in their heads. I tried to avoid conversation with then as much as possible.
