 I woke up the next morning to noise coming from the next room. I sat up groggily and rubbed my head. I stood up and stretched, my back popping as I did. I walked over to the next room and was greeted with a beautiful sight. Anthony was bent over looking for something in a cabinet.

The way he was bent over made his thick thighs show all the power that they had. Not to mention his bubble butt stretching the fabric of shorts. His wide back had a collage of tattoos that worked into his right arm. 

He stood up with a pot in hand and shut the cabinet. He turned and saw me. God that chest! His thick pecs were covered in a thick black fur, thickest in the middle of his chest. His dark nipples peeking out.

"Oh, hey. Didn't hear you get up."

"Mind if I use your restroom?" I asked.

"Not at all Danny, you don't have to ask."

"Thanks."

I grabbed my toothbrush and headed to his restroom. I quickly did my business and brushed my teeth. I walked out of the restroom and back to the living room. I grabbed and started to fold the blankets that Anthony brought out for me.

"Hey, you want some coffee?" He yelled from the other room.

"Sure,"

"C'mere,"

I finished up folding and stacked them on the couch. I went over to the kitchen. 

"Take a seat. You hungry?"

I sat down and he handed me a mug of coffee.

"Thanks. Yea, I could eat."

"Cool."

I took a sip of the coffee. It tasted great. I took another healthy sip. 

"Sorry about falling asleep last night."

He turned from the stove, where he started cooking pancakes. "Not a problem. Glad your comfortable enough to fall asleep with me."

I'm sure I blushed a little as I looked down at my coffee. When he turned back to the pancakes. I couldn't help but marvel over this amazing mans body. The tattoos were such a turn on. They reminded me that I needed to get back into my artwork. 

Whoever did his tattoos is a really good artist. The lines and colors were so smooth. Lucky person, whoever got to work on this man's body.

Soon he had us each a plate with two big pancakes on them. He put mine in front of me and the other on the other side of the table. 

"Butter?"

"Yes please."

He handed me the butter and syrup and were started eating. I kept taking little glances at his right arm trying to make out the tattoos on them. 

"You like my tattoos?"

I was embarrassed that I got caught caught looking but didn't let that affect me too much. 

"Yea they look really good. Who did them."

"An old friend of mine, he has a tattoo shop about ten minutes from here. You have any tattoos?"

"Nope. I've thought about it but haven't had a chance too. I don't even know what I would get if I did."

"Well if you ever want one I could probably get you a good discount."

"Thanks, I'll think about it." 

We finished of our breakfast and Anthony put our plates in the sink. 

"Thank you."

"Your welcome Danny."

He approached me and leaned into me. I immediately met him halfway and our lips pressed together. His arms went around me as he parted my lips with his warm tongue and sucked the air out of my lungs. This man could kiss! He tasted like maple syrup. 

He broke the kiss and looked at my flushed face through half closed eyes. "You're so adorable Danny." 

I didn't say anything and he put his lips back on mine. 

"You taste so sweet. So good." He whispered against my lips.

He planted a few more kissed making me soar. 

"Any plans for today?" He asked not letting me go. 

I went to speak but my voice caught in my throat. He laughed at me and kissed my jaw. I cleared my throat.

"I was planning on cleaning up my apartment. Unpack my things then head out for some small apartment shopping."

"Nice. I was gonna head to the gym then I gotta help my mom with some stuff."

He kissed me again. I timidly put my hands on his back. His body was so warm. His hand moved up and down my back. I kept mine where they were. 

"Don't be shy Danny. If I'm gonna be your man, you never need to be shy around me." He whispered to me.

With that I moved my hands to his furry chest. I bet I looked like a kid at a toy store. I ran my fingers through the dense fur. He groaned. I got a little more confident and tweaked his nipple. I was rewarded with a louder groan.

I looked at his eyes and they were looking straight into mine. I lost myself for a second until his arms started to unwrap themselves from me. He kissed my cheek. His warm rough hands cupped my face. 

"If you keep going I'm gonna have to lock us in my room for awhile."

I giggled and he laughed. He smacked my butt and went to his room. I looked at the muscles in his body flex and relax under the fur, it was so hot. He was so hot. 

I didn't want to over stay my welcome so I got my stuff together and called a cab. I picked up the blankets and walked to Anthony's room. The door was open but I stopped at the doorway.

"Anthony I'm gonna head out. Where should I put these blankets?"

"Go ahead and put them right here."

He said from inside his room. 

I walked in and set them on the edge of his bed. He walked out of his restroom in only boxers and came up to me.

"I thought I would take you home."

"It's alright I called a cab. I don't wanna mess up your routine."

"You sure?"

"Yea,"

"Bye Danny. I'll call you later today."

He put his hand on the back of my neck and pulled me in for a deep sensual kiss. I rested my hands on his furry Pecs. 

"Bye Tony." The nickname just slipped.

"I usually don't let people call me that but I'll make an exception." He smiled then pulled me in for another hot kiss.

"You know what's funny Tony?"

"What?"

"All this time and we never exchanged last names."

He laughed. "Yea I know, I've been meaning to ask you but every time I'm with you I just get too excited. I'm Anthony Romero."

"Hi Tony Romero I'm Daniel Zavala."

He smiled and gave me another kiss, I loved it.

"Get out of here Danny before I keep you here for good." He joked.

"Bye." I said and grabbed my stuff. I turned to the door and walked out. 

I walked down the street until is saw the cab. I waved it down then got a ride home. 

As soon as I got inside I went to my room and collapsed on my bed. God, could that man get any sexier? He was so nice and charming. What in the world did he see in me? Whatever it is I'm thankful for it.

My mind drifted from Anthony to the eventful weekend with the Dr.Andrews. I don't understand why he would say that they didn't like me. It was driving me crazy trying to think of a reason why. I've only spoke to them on the trip and they seemed really nice. 

That girl Donna even noticed me and Tony talking in the lobby. I hope its not because of the fact that I'm gay. She seemed ok with it. Also what happened with Dr.Andrews that morning. I hate to think it but what if he talked about it with everyone. He was pretty drunk.

I planned on just flat out asking him if he remembered what he said that night if he brought it up again.

All the thoughts had me stressing. I hoped to get away from stress for awhile but it always finds it's way back into my life. If you can look closely you can see that I have a good amount of gray hairs on my head. My mom used to joke with me and ask me what I stressing about. 

In my mind I would always say that it's because I had to hide the biggest secret of my life. I needed to occupy myself from all these thoughts. I got up and started unpacking boxes. Most of it was clothes. 

One of the first boxes I unpacked had a gay pride necklace in it that I found one day while walking alone to school. I never wore it but I kept it and told myself one day I will wear it with pride. I was feeling good so I put it on. I looked at it for awhile twirling it in my fingers. I took a deep breath and got back to what I was doing.

It took me a couple hours to organize everything. Luckily my grandma was generous enough to give me a fridge and a couch. She told me I could go for then when I want. 

I thought about going but decided against it because I might not be able to do it by myself. Instead I went to a store for dishes, groceries and some other small things. 

I was walking around the store when I saw Tony with a lady much shorter than he was. They were down the aisle from me and I wondered if I should make myself seen. I really had no choice because what I needed was down the aisle.

I walked down grabbed what I needed and walked by them. They didn't notice me at all. I didn't know what situation Tony was in with his mom on his sexuality. So I just went back to shopping.

At some point I was backing up to let someone pass me and i bumped into the man behind me. I turned and apologized to the big man after he shoved me off of him,

"Watch the fuck where your going you fucking faggot!"

He stared at me for a second then turned and walked away while muttering,

"Fucking disgusting."

The outburst got the attention of everyone in the aisle and even some out of it. Other people stared at me some with disgust and others acting as if to mind there own business. My eyes watered up and I turned to leave that side of the store.

When I did there were more people looking at me including Tony and that lady. The lady was looking at me with disgust written all over her face. I looked at Tony and he looked at me shocked and worried but didn't move or say anything. 

I looked down and my eyes watered a little more. I went to walk passed them when the lady said,

"You will pay for your sins." With a sharp tone.

I didn't acknowledge her but on the inside it killed me emotionally. How can people be so hateful. If that was Tony's mom I see why he didn't stick up for me. I don't blame him. 

I walked away quickly. I wiped my tears and found a cash register on the other side of the store. I held it together until I got into my car. The tears came but they were silent tears. I sat there for a little then started my car to head home.

On my way my phone vibrated in my pocket. I thought about checking it but I didn't want to risk crashing. I got home as quick as I could under the speed limit. I parked in the parking lot. I checked my phone and it was from Tony.

'Danny I'm so sorry. Call me.'

I took a deep breath and called him. 

"Hey Tony."

"Danny, I'm so sorry. Can I come over so we can talk about this in person?"

This is the first time I've heard him found worried. I quickly said,

"Yea,"

"Okay Danny, ill be right there."

I unloaded all my stuff and placed it on little living room floor. I bought a coffee table but I couldn't get it up the stairs by myself. I just layed in my room and messed with my phone.

When I layed down the necklace I was wearing fell uncomfortably on the side of my neck. The necklace! I totally forgot about it. That's why that guy said that and that's all those people have me weird looks. I'm so stupid.

I took it off and put it on my nightstand. There was a knock on my front door. I got up to go answer it and Tony was standing there with his hands in his pockets. I immediately put myself against his chest and he wrapped his strong arms around me.

We started like that for a moment until Tony pulled me inside. We stepped over the bags and I took him to my bedroom because there was nowhere else in my apartment to sit at the moment.

I sat and Tony sat next to me, our legs pressed together.

"Danny I'm so sorry. My mom she's really, against gay people. She's very religious. I was dying to say something to her and everyone that looked at you funny but I don't think I'm ready to lose my mom. I'm sorry Danny."

I grabbed his hand and he intertwined our fingers.

"It's fine Tony. I completely understand your situation."

"It's not fine Danny."

I looked at him and he liked at me. I brought my lips to his and softly kissed him. 

"It is Tony."

I kissed him again and this time his hand went to the back of my neck. He deepened the kiss. When we pulled apart we were both out of breath. He held my face close to his. 

"I hated seeing those tears in your eyes Danny."

I kissed him again. I wanted us to just forget about it. I changed the subject.

"You mind helping me bring up the coffee table I just bought."

"Of course Danny."

He gave me another quick kiss and we stood up. We went down to my car and got it and brought it up. I put in the middle of my living room and Tony asked,

"You need help with all of these bags?"

"Yea thanks."

We started unloading the bags and putting all the stuff away together. I was putting some cups away in a cabinet when Tony's arms went around my waist. He kissed my neck and up to my cheek.

"You Ok Danny?"

I turned around in his arms and we were face to face. 

"I am."

I gave him a big smile and got one right back. He chuckled a little. He asked,

"Why are you so adorable?"

I blushed and shot back,

"Why are you so sexy?"

He laughed at me and nipped at my neck. 

I asked, 

"Hungry?"

"I won't be after I eat you up." He continued to nip at my neck.

I squirmed away and grabbed my phone.

I dialed a Chinese restaurant number and walked to my room. I had my back to my room door when Tony came in. He pulled me down on the bed as I talked to the woman on the line.

He sucked on my earlobe and blew lightly in my ear. It sent chills down my body making it hard to talk. I tried to stand up but Tony's strength just pulled me closer to him and he chuckled into my neck. I finished up on the phone and put it on my nightstand.

I grabbed at Tony's side and he jumped. He looked at me with a face that said don't you start. I smiled and went to do it again. Tony anticipated this and grabbed my wrists and pinned me to the bed. 

He layed on me, the weight of his body felt great on me. He looked at me with a predatory look. He grinded his hard on against my leg. 

"See what you do to me Danny." He whispered in my ear.

I pulled him down completely on me and grabbed at his back trying to pull him closer. He kissed all over my face then sucked my lip into his mouth. That started a heavy make out session. It was great but sadly the food got here quickly and interrupted us. 

I went to get up but Tony pushed me back down on the bed.

"I got it Danny."

"Let me give you the money."

"I got it baby."

That's the first time he called me baby and I really liked it. He kissed me and went to front door. While he was I turned on my TV to basic cable. He came back with the food.

We got our individual boxes and leaned back against the head board of my bed.

"Chinese is my favorite type of food."

"Really? Mine too."

"Have you tried baby octopus?" He asked.

"No, I've seen it but I don't think I have the stomach for it."

"It's really good. Next time I'll get you to try it."

"Well see."

We ate and watched TV. I was enjoying some fried rice when Tony grabbed it from me and put in on the nightstand. He put his body over mine and kissed me deeply. I loved the way he kissed me. The way he was kissing me was getting heavier than usual and I never missed a beat. 

He had me so hot I grabbed at the hem of his shirt. He broke the kiss and hovered over me while he pulled off his shirt. Then the muscle shirt went too and I think my jaw dropped. I had seen him before but he was even sexier this time. 

"Touch me baby."

I reached forward and grabbed his furry Pecs. He groaned at the contact. My hands explored his manly body all over. After a little Tony tugged at my shirt.

"Let me see you baby."

I was a little self conscious but did what Tony said. I pulled it half way and Tony did the rest. He threw it across the room.

His mouth was on my nipple immediately.

I moaned out load. His rough hands glided all over my smooth torso. 

He kissed his way down my stomach until he got to my jeans. He came back up to me and kissed me. His hand cupped my bulge and I moaned into his mouth. 

"Let me take care of you baby."

He looked me directly in the eye. Those gray eyes were hypnotizing. I nodded at him. He kissed me deeply while he unbuttoned my jeans. Once he got them open he broke the kiss and pulled my jeans off of me. He kissed my stomach a couple of times then kissed the waistband of my underwear. 

I watched as he pulled them down slowly. He looked up at me and we locked eyes. He kissed my navel than looked at me. I kissed down to my hard dick than took it in his hand. 

I groaned as waves of pleasure washed over me. He kissed the tip and looked at me. We locked eyes and he think the head in his mouth. My head fell back to my pillow and I moaned,

"Oh Tony!"

He went down some more than started sucking. His mouth was so warm it felt so good. I wasn't sure how long I could last. He started moving up down on me and I groaned loudly. He went all the way down and I felt his nose in my pubes. He went back up and sucked on the head for a little before going all the way back down. 

"Tony!" I grabbed at his shoulders. "I'm gonna cum."

When Tony heard that he started sucking harder. My balls rose and my body tensed. Tony sucked on my head when I yelled his name,

"Tony!"

I came in his mouth and Tony swallowed all of it. My body was twitching from the orgasm. I was getting really sensitive so I pulled Tony up to me. He put his lips over mine and his tongue dove into my mouth. I could taste myself on his tongue. He broke the kiss and his lips hovered over mine.

"You taste so sweet baby. Your so beautiful."

I kissed him as my eyes watered a little. I blinked away the tears. I could still feel his hard on on my leg. I wanted to do the same thing he did to me.

"Can I see you Tony?"

"Of course baby."

He rolled off of me and kicked off his jeans. He pulled me onto him. His furry chest against me was heaven to me. 

"Go at your pace baby."

By the feel of the bulge he was huge. I couldn't wait to make him feel as good as he did me. I kissed then his chest then took a nipple in my mouth. I lightly nibbled on it and tweaked the other one with my hand. I ran my hands through the fur on his body and kissed the rest of my way down to his waistband. 

I looked up at him and slipped my fingers under it. His eyes pleaded for me to continue. I pulled them down revealing his pubic hair. I kissed his navel and then buried my nose in his pubic hairs. I inhaled deeply. The smell was intoxicating and I loved it.

While I inhaled I pulled his boxers the rest of the way down. I moved back and looked at him. He was huge! Probably nine inches and pretty thick. I tentatively took it in my hand. He husked,

"Please baby."

I looked at him and his head back with his eyes closed. I glided my hand up and down for a little getting a groan from Tony. I felt myself drooling from looking and playing with his dick. I leaned forward and licked the head. That earned me a loud grunt. I got more confident and took the head in my mouth. I had to open my mouth pretty wide.

Once I got used to his size and started sucking and working it up down about four inches. 

"Oh Danny, just like that."

His hands moved to my head and guided me as I went. After a little while he moaned and told me that he was gonna cum. I did what he did to me and moved to the head and sucked hard. His whole body tensed and he yelled loudly,

"God Danny!"

He shot five healthy shots into my mouth and I happily swallowed it down. His hands went under my arms and pulled me up to him. His mouth was on mine in and instant and our tongues were intertwined. He broke the kiss to say, 

"Best head I've ever gotten baby."

I looked him in the eye and they were twinkling. He nibbled at my neck and muttered into my neck,

"How did I get so lucky?"

"I was asking myself the same thing."

He chuckled and kissed me deeply. We came down from our orgasms and cuddled with each other. I layed my head on his furry chest and his arm went around me pulling me into his side. Soon I felt my eyes falling and I was out like a light. 
