 Daniel ran down the path to Mr. Lamonde's. Running in the heavy humid air meant he was soaked. Wet with sweat seemed to be the norm for Daniel these days. Daniel liked being sweaty for the most part, it made him feel like he was accomplishing something. 

His old, thin t-shirt was completely stuck to his torso. The shirt didn't cover his navel, there was no point in even wearing a shirt with it stuck to his body, it revealed every curve and bulge of Daniel's muscular, toned chest. It even revealed his nipples and the small hairs around them, the butterscotch color of his skin was apparent through the sheer grey fabric. He pulled the shirt out away from his stomach in an attempt to get it hanging normally but when he let it go it reattached itself to his skin instantly. 

Below his shirt hard, lean lower abs with a stream of sweat trickling straight down across his tan line and into his bush which was now completely visible as the old shorts sagged slightly lower with the dampness. His bush was unusually large and puffed out from the humidity. It hadn't been that long since the last trim and it appeared as though he didn't trim at all with it standing so far from his body. The one positive in Daniel's mind was the amount of moisture darkened the color of his pubic hair, it appeared closer to brown in color the reddish tone much less noticeable when moist. 

The root of Daniel's cock and his pelvis was actually helping to hold up the shorts now, with no drawstring the waist band rested where his cock emerged from his body at the bottom of the pubic area. Although it was still hidden from the view of others, if Daniel looked down he could see the front of the shorts rested on the root of his cock. His cock was heavy and hanging large from the recent erection and the humidity. It made an outline four inches long to the left of his fly. The ridge of his cockhead clearly showing he was cut. The back of the shorts revealed more of Daniel's round butt, more of his hips, more of the stark white middle regions of his body and the contrasting body hair. 

Daniel kept up his pace, not wanting to be late. He walked down the short street and in front of the long low California ranch style house. It looked a lot nicer than Daniel remembered. Of course he hadn't actually been over to Mr. Lamonde's since he came with his parents six years earlier as a pimply teen. He rapped on the glass door, the inner door was open and he could see into the dark house. No answer. 

"Hello?" Daniel called. 

"Daniel? Out back," came the distant response. 

He remembered a gate at the back of the carport and hurried around the right side of the house, past the sixty-three Skylark convertible Lamonde drove all summer. 

Lifting the latch he stuck out his lower lip and blew up across his face trying to cool off and get his hair out of his eyes. The gate swung open and he was left speechless with what he saw. 

Lalonde was in the backyard when Daniel arrived at three on the dot. The old man was working on an old record player, trying to get a very finicky tiny screw into a hard to reach hole. Restoring vintage audio equipment was a hobby and occasional ebay money maker for the old man, not that he needed it. His glasses were greasy and on the end of his nose. He saw the gate open out of the corner of his eye. He looked up. The gate swung open and Daniel stepped onto the stonework. Lamonde was left speechless with what he saw. 

Before Daniel was an oasis, a veritable paradise of stonework, risers, walkways, gardens, two connected ponds with a small wooden bridge between them. Toward the back of the yard there was what seemed like a whole other house, he recognized it as the old woodshop that he remembered as falling down and over grown with weeds. Now it was a slick modern looking rectangle of metal stone and lots of glass, it was very open and had it's own outdoor living area beside it, complete with outdoor sofas, coffee tables and a sectional. At one end of this outdoor living area, a standalone fireplace with chimney. 

Daniel was standing there just inside the gate and he was still showing so much skin. Lalonde stared at his body. His thin shirt seemed to disappear onto his cut body it was plastered down to Daniel's chest. The shirt clung to Daniel's abdomen but failed to conceal his belly button. Then the lower abs, caramel colored and hard looking they softened and lightened to a bright white tan line. 

Daniel's shorts were even lower than they were last night when Lalonde saw him on the path. Lalonde could see Daniel's entire bush, his shorts were so low. He could see Daniel's thighs through the large holes in the front legs of the shorts. When Daniel twisted slightly to close the gate Lalonde could see his hips from the side and that beautiful round ass that was partially uncovered by the low shorts. Lalonde's cock stiffened in his own shorts, growing almost completely erect as he looked at Daniel.  

"Is Daniel taking drugs?" Lalonde wondered. He quickly dismissed this when he saw Daniel's clear, professional demeanor. 

"Low rise shorts is probably the latest fashion," Lalonde liked this fashion trend if that is indeed what it was. 

"He is doing this on purpose," Lalonde decided. "He is trying to tease me because I am gay." Lalonde decided to pay it no mind if Daniel was indeed teasing him. He enjoyed looking at his body and if Daniel was finally showing it, he wanted to take it in. 

Lalonde began to wonder how he could get to see Daniel's cock. "Maybe I can hire him to pose nude for photos or drawings?" Lamonde wondered. "Too weird, being so close to his parents," he decided. He would just play it as it came and see if an opportunity presented itself. 

"Hey," said Daniel casually moving his arms down in front of the centre of his body in a long v shape. 

"Daniel, what did you swim here?" Lamonde asked when he noticed Daniel's soaking shirt. 

"Doggy style...er dog paddle, yeah," Daniel said, unable to suppress an uncontrollable laugh at his verbal slip up. 

Lalonde laughed, "Oh twenty-year-olds. I know where their minds are. Can I get you a drink? I have juice, soda, water. I'm trying to perfect my mojito if you want to be my guinea pig." 

"Sure, what is in it?" Daniel asked. 

"Mint and lime," Lalonde answered. 

"Sounds awesome!" Daniel's throat was so dry it felt like sandpaper. 

"No problem, I'll make you a pitcher." 

"Sure, sounds great. Do you want to show me some of the work you want done, so I can have a look while you make the mo... mo... sorry the mint lime drink?" Daniel asked. 

"Mojito. Yeah sure, come on in here," Lalonde said walking toward the large guesthouse at the back of the property. 

Daniel followed behind Lamonde, his mind racing with how he could fix his current attire. He pulled up his shorts at the front, which helped for a while, but they quickly worked their way to the low position resting just below his frizzed bush. He pulled the shirt out and down, but again it instantly attached itself to his skin. He felt so embarrassed, so angry when he thought about Barb and how she was responsible for making him walk around like this. 

They approached the building which opened onto the tile patio. The entire wall opened through a series of sliding class panels giving it a very open feel. Inside it was full of clutter most of it junk. There were also some new furnishings wrapped in thick plastic and cardboard. 

"You just had this drywalled?" Daniel asked noticing the bare drywall with its lines and spots of plaster. 

"Yes, last week," Lamonde answered. 

"So paint this room?" Daniel continued. 

"Yeah, this room painted, all the junk and garbage hauled out to the dumpster out back first. The two rooms here are full of junk as well and the loft above," Lalonde said, showing Daniel a recently completed small bathroom and a longer cedar room which was to be a sauna. Backing up he pointed to the space above the two rooms which was also stacked with odd sizes of pipe, insulation scraps and other left-over building materials. 

"Sure," Daniel said. 

The twenty year old saw dollar signs when he saw the amount of work involved and realized it was more than one day's work, probably would take three full days working twelve plus hours per day. He decided he could really get some money out of Lamonde. He was calculating what he should get paid assuming fifty hours of work. What should he charge per hour? 

Daniel had never been kind to Mr. Lalonde because he thought he was gay. He and a friend used to make prank phone calls to the kind man pretending to be interested in sex with him. They would hang up and laugh their asses off at him. He decided to continue his treatment by gouging the family friend for as much as he could get. 

"How does twenty-five hundred sound?" expecting shock from the older man. 

"If you get this all done: that is clear the rooms of junk, clean all the surfaces, set up the new furniture, paint all of the walls you got yourself a deal," Lalonde answered. He wanted to get this done even though the price was unusually high. You have to start today though," Lalonde said. 

"I can't start today," Daniel replied as he pictured maybe starting next week. 

"Oh, you working at the Scorpion?" Lalonde asked. 

"No, off three days, starting today," Daniel explained. "Just was thinking we could get started next week." 

"Sorry Daniel I want this done as soon as possible. I will get the kids next door to do it then," Lalonde explained. 

"No, they can't do as good a job as I can," Daniel explained, his confidence and arrogance evaporating. 

"True, but I only have the dumpster for three more days, so that kind of decides it, thanks anyway Daniel." Lalonde was surprised at the rush he got out of seeing the high and judgmental Daniel submit, it felt good. 

"No, wait. I guess I can get started tomorrow morning," Daniel offered. 

"Nah, I thought you were coming over to get started today, I have put it off long enough to be honest. I will just get the kids next door to start now," Lalonde responded with a dismissive tone. He enjoyed bringing this cocky twenty-year-old down a few notches and wanted it to continue. 

"No, I can start now. Well let me run home and..." Daniel said before being cut off by Lamonde. 

"No! That's just another delay Daniel. You're obviously too busy for this job. I want someone to start now and put in twelve hours." Lalonde jabbed back, watching the posture of the young man go from proud to submissive. 

"Well I can start now and stay for twelve hours, it's just I'm wearing flip flops," Daniel tried to reason with the older man. 

"I can give you some work boots and socks," Lalonde challenged. 

Daniel had hoped to go home and get more than his steel toed boots. He wanted to go and change into clothes that would cover him more effectively but he decided twenty-five hundred dollars was worth the discomfort of his current clothes if Lalonde had boots that fit him. "What size are the boots?" he asked. 

"Twelve," Lalonde replied. 

"Well good then, I can start now," Daniel confirmed in a shaky faltering tone. 

"Great, I'll grab the boots then make you that mojito," Lalonde said walking away with a grin from ear to ear. 

Daniel grabbed the first pipes to be hauled out and dragged them positioning himself toward the center of the long pieces. He was still in his flip flops but he wanted to get started right now, he agreed to 12 hours and it was 3:10 already. He would be working till after three am just like he does at the Arms. Daniel was off from the Scorpion the next three days. He managed to get the pipes trapped against his right thigh which just pulled his tan cargos down further. He could actually see a good inch of his cock where it emerged from his pelvis for a few seconds as he awkwardly hauled the pipes to the dumpster. 

"You don't have your boots or your mojito yet Daniel!" Lalonde called emerging from the back of the main house. 

Daniel smiled in return, "just wanted to get started especially if its 12 hours." 

"Don't worry I am paying you from 3 pm. Sit down at the table and have a glass of this." Lalonde said lowering the glass pitcher to the table while holding the boots socks and a glass in the other hand. "Here are the boots and socks." 

Daniel flopped down in the chair at the head of the large glass table, those pipes were heavy and the heat was incredible. He poured a class of the pale green liquid into the tall glass in front of him, he noticed shredded mint floating throughout the drink. He took a big swallow. It tasted so good, refreshing, tart and the mint really helped it be a cooling drink. "It's delicious Mr. Lalonde!" Daniel said doubling over and kicking off his flip flops to put on the socks and boots. 

"Call me Steve," we're getting too old for that Mister crap, Lalonde said with a laugh. He sat at the next chair on Daniel's left just two feet away setting down some electronic part from the record player he was restoring. He looked at Daniel's broad smooth back with the thread bare fabric plastered across it. The shirt sported a half-dozen oval shaped holes around the shoulder blades where the thin fabric had come apart. He could see the top of Daniel's white ass at the rear of the chair. 

Daniel sat back up in the chair after tying the last work-boot, leaning back in the chair and picking up the glass in one motion. He drained the rest of the cool refreshing drink and poured another glass full. 

"I'm just going to take this with me," Daniel said as he walked to the back of the property and placed his drink on the outdoor coffee table just outside the building he was clearing. 

Daniel worked away clearing out the building forgetting about his clothes, not worrying about his bush being so exposed. He eventually moved the pitcher back to the area he was working in so he could stay refreshed with the drink Lalonde had made. Lalonde brought him a fresh pitcher after the first one was drained. 

The two worked separately, Lalonde working on the record player close to the main house, Daniel at the back of the property in the guest house and back to the dumpster area. 

There were a couple of large items that required both men to move and Daniel was to call Lalonde when he was ready to move them. 

Daniel was actually starting to feel relaxed and warm towards Mr. Lalonde. He appreciated the warm man and his friendliness. He felt comfortable, he was with a man he had been around occasionally for as long as he could remember. Daniel was also hot and completely drenched in sweat, he could feel it trickle over all parts of his body, neck, back, ass crack, balls, forehead. He was considering shedding the shirt permanently. 

When Lalonde came back to help Daniel move the old couch to the dumpster he noticed how completely soaked Daniel was. While removing some long pieces of siding from the loft area, Lalonde got a particularly good view as Daniel was reaching as high as he could to hold the boards over his head. He was on the toes of his feet his arms stretched vertical. The tissue thin shirt was pulled all the way up to the bottom of his rib cage while the shorts rode so low Lalonde could see the creases of skin where Daniel's cock and balls came out of his body below his pubic hair. Lalonde wanted to stay there staring at this site for as long as possible and feigned some problem positioning himself just for this purpose. 

Daniel's shirt finally met its final demise catching on a small metal latch on one end of the dumpster as Daniel lowered himself down from placing some old lamps inside. The shirt came apart as easily as toilet paper. 

"Shit!" Daniel said as the shirt split into 3 pieces. For a split second he thought he would keep it on. This was ridiculous though as the front of the shirt had come apart and hung down the right side of his body. 

"I don't think it was going to last much longer any way," Lalonde said looking up from the record player with a laugh. 

"Ya," Daniel said as he peeled off the shirt and through it in the dumpster, it landed with a wet squish inside. 

Lalonde spent a lot more time watching Daniel from this point on. Eventually abandoning the record player and sitting at the table watching the young man's muscular torso, twist, lift, turning at the back of the yard. He saw Daniel pour the last of the second mojito pitcher and promptly went inside to make a third. 

Daniel was feeling quite tipsy from all of the mojitos but still felt stable and physically able to work. He just felt quite pleasant and warm. 

The light began to leave the sky and the lights came on throughout the back yard, including lights in both ponds, along all of the walkways and outside the guesthouse. The inside of the guesthouse still lit by the three rows of fluorescent lights used when it was a workshop. 

"You are staying here tonight, so you can work late and start early," Lalonde said in his most authoritative tone. 

"Okay," Daniel answered with an automatic obedient response. He was surprised by this, how he just agreed to what he was told, not considering he only had a pair of loose, low fitting shorts, that were drenched in sweat and flip flops. "The old faggot," he thought to himself. 

It was around midnight when the two men were standing in the guesthouse which was now three quarters emptied that the conversation turned to clothes and what people wore around the beach. 

"I don't know a lot about fashion but I can give you a tip if you want it," Lalonde said facing the glistening butterscotch bodied Daniel. 

"Sure," Daniel said laughing in a light-hearted way. 

"If you want to wear shorts that sag so low, you really need to shave," he looked down at the waist band of Daniel's shorts. 

Daniel, feeling no pain, looked down at his bush sitting above his waistband and lightly brushing a couple of fingers through the coarse rust colored hair said, "I trim sometimes." 

"You do?" 

"Ya." 

"With clippers?" Lalonde asked. 

"No, scissors." 

Both men continued to stare at Daniel's full moist bush. 

Then Lalonde did something bold, that surprised himself and for a split-second Daniel as well. He reached out and pinching a few of Daniel's bush hairs pulled them out straight away from his body, showing how one of these hairs can be over three inches long. 

"Looks pretty long Daniel," Lalonde said. 

"Ya," Daniel said looking down, swaying ever so slightly. 

"Trimming won't do it though, needs to be shaved. If you want to pull off this look you need to be shaved," 

"I don't want to cut myself. Shaved pubes you mean?" 

"Shaved pubes, yes, shaved balls, shaft, everything, if you want to do it right," Lalonde said. "Let's shave you, don't worry I won't cut you Daniel, I have done this before and even been paid to do it for people a couple times. 

Despite feeling very relaxed and opened by the mojitos a pang of panic hit Daniel as he thought he needed to put a stop to this idea. "I can't now I am still working," Daniel said in a small feeble voice that cracked as he spoke. 

"Don't worry about that Daniel, you have not taken a single break. I won't cut you. You will actually feel cooler with less hair and you won't look ridiculous with the low shorts. Come on let's take a break, smoke one," Lalonde picked up the glass and pitcher and walked, Daniel behind him, to the glass table near the main house. He poured Daniel another full glass of the rum cocktail. 

They sparked up the small joint and both of them took some hauls off of it. Daniel on the last drag coughed violently and had to fight to stop, he had to drink an entire glass of the mint lime in two big gulps. 

After the joint things were different, mixed with the alcohol Daniel was feeling far less in control of himself. He flopped back into the patio chair his entire body buzzing. He felt as though he could not speak. Lalonde stared at the lean torso laying back in the chair, slouching, the beautiful flat stomach, tight as a drum. Daniel doubted his ability to move but had no problem standing and walking when Lalonde stood up and said, "let's get you shaved." 
