 Daniel began to regain consciousness at around 11 AM, he had woken but not yet opened his eyes. It seemed dark based on the light beyond his eyelids. When he did open his eyes, he saw that it was not dark outside at all but full bright sunlight in the back yard.

His mouth tasted strange, salty, mild chlorine, like he had swallowed water from a salty swimming pool.

He was on Mr. Lalonde's couch on his back. There was a fan nearby that was sweeping the room back and forth with a pleasant breeze that came and went in a regular pattern. The fan had made Daniel's skin feel dry for the first time in a while. 

Was everything just a dream? He reached down and felt his balls and noticed how smooth they were. "No, we really shaved me," he thought.

Daniel was of course rock hard and for the first time he noticed he was naked. He was too tired and sore to respond right away. Even when he saw Mr. Lalonde walk by and shoot him a smile. His head hurt, a lot less than he thought it should though.

"Hair o' the dog, Daniel," Mr. Lalonde said carrying a glass and pitcher full of mojito, he set the pitcher down on the coffee table and sat down beside Daniel's head, forcing him to sit up and make room.

Daniel didn't know what to do. He was completely nude and rock hard. His cock again standing up vertical and pulling his balls up so that they split one on each side of his shaft. His host was acting like it was perfectly normal.

"Drink it, you'll feel better," Lalonde said.

Daniel took the glass and drank the entire cocktail in one go, hoping it would cure his hangover and make him less stressed about being nude.

"You have my shorts?" Daniel asked.

"So sorry, I left them in the washer last night so they were still soaking wet this morning," Lalonde said shaking his head and rolling his eyes in a self-deprecating way. 

"I just hung them on a chair outside. They should be good in an hour or so depending on the humidity" Lalonde said.

"Okay," Daniel responded sheepishly.

He could see his cargo shorts still dripping wet, hanging on the back of one of the patio chairs, a puddle formed below the steady drip, drip, drip. He never asked why they were so sopping wet when they had been in a washing machine which obviously has a spin cycle.

What was he supposed to do now? Nothing? Keep hanging around this guy completely nude. It looked like he didn't have much of a choice.

"What should I do while I'm waiting for them?" Daniel asked.

Mr. Lalonde shrugged, "just hang out here, I guess, maybe shower or whatever you want. I am making you breakfast so you can eat that."

"Do you have a towel or something I can wear?"

"No, sorry," Lalonde answered in a gentle tone.

"Okay," Daniel said meekly.

Daniel noticed his skin didn't feel quite clean. He knows he had a shower last night, it was the very last thing he could remember doing. Yet his skin felt like it was covered in a layer of film or something. Well the skin from his balls and up, his abs, chest, neck and face didn't feel clean. His skin had a slightly sour smell like the smell of dried saliva.

"You had fun last night," Lalonde said.

"Ya? Uh ha, good," 

"I don't mind Daniel," Lalonde said pouring another glassful of the rum cocktail and 

handing it to Daniel who took it and drank. "It's nice to have someone here."

Daniel's cock had begun to fall which actually drew more attention to it as it began to point farther out in front of him on its decent. It bobbed and swayed the entire time it was shrinking.

"Ya, so back to work soon?" Daniel said.

"No rush, you are staying here again tonight and you have all day tomorrow," Mr. Lalonde explained.

"I should go home for a bit," Daniel said.

"No, you have to stay here until everything is completed or no deal Daniel. No need to go anywhere, you've got the boots. If you mention leaving again, I will kill the deal immediately!" Lalonde said in a firm tone that said he was serious. 

"'kay," Daniel replied.

"You got a free shave out of this too. That is a service that anyone else has to pay for Daniel!" Lalonde continued.

"Sorry. Thank you for doing that Mr. Lalonde,"

"There it is, finally, a thank you," Mr. Lalonde said.

The two men sat beside each other on the couch for a couple of silent minutes. Lalonde dressed in white short-sleeve button down shirt and tan shorts, Daniel completely nude holding his cocktail over his privates.

Lalonde got up and headed to the kitchen.

Daniel stood and headed to the bathroom. Once inside he looked at his face in the mirror, he looked a little rough but not as bad as he would expect.

He stood over the toilet and pissed for what seemed like forever. Shaking his cock he worked at getting every last drip out and off the tip. He didn't want to be dripping piss anywhere or have a drop when he was back with Lalonde.

He opened the door and called out to Lalonde, "I'm having a shower."

"Not yet, come have breakfast first," Lalonde called back.

"Fine," Daniel thought to himself irritated. The mojito was once again helping him to loosen up and be less stressed with his situation. He walked back to the living area.

"Sit here," Lalonde pointed to a bar stool along the breakfast bar area on the other side of the counter from him. Lalonde already had Daniel's glass and pitcher on the bar.

"Okay, thanks," Daniel said.

Daniel climbed up onto the stool which was high and he couldn't pull it any closer to the bar because of the brass rail along the floor. He sat on the stool legs wide open, if he tried to close his legs in front of him, his balance shifted too far forward. He felt like he was on display for Mr. Lalonde. He couldn't really cover himself without appearing awkward. He noticed Lalonde stealing looks at his junk every time he had the chance.

Not only had the mojito helped him to relax, it seemed to have completely eliminated Daniel's hangover. Hair of the dog that bit you. Serving in the pub meant he had heard all of the supposed hangover remedies. This is the first time he has ever tried this one, having a drink of what gave you the hangover in the first place.

Daniel's phone buzzed to life on the coffee table and he hopped off the stool to get it. He ran to the back of the couch and rather than maneuver around the big sectional he leaned over the back of it reaching as far as he could forward to try and get his phone off the table.

Lalonde had to stop and watch. He saw Daniel leaning forward away from him over the back of the couch. His beautiful untanned ass was up in the air while his torso rested on the seat of the couch. He was so far forward that his feet barely touched the floor. Frequently losing contact with the hardwood and his legs would fly open until he managed to get one big toe back on the floor.

Lalonde admired his shave job. He could see Daniel's balls and cock hanging against fabric. He also saw Daniel's crack open at various points depending on his position.

Daniel hoped it was one of the girls he had given his number to at the pub over the past week or so, but no, the display read "Dad Cell".

"Hello," Daniel answered leaning over the couch with his chest testing on the seat.

"Dan, how are you?" Daniel's father asked. Daniel knew he didn't really want to know, his father has always been too busy for everyone.

"Good, you? How's mom?"

"We're good but I've got some bad news. We aren't going to make it up to the cottage at all this summer. Your mother has been asked to lecture at the University of Turin for the next several months so we are going to be away until October in Italy," Daniel's dad explained.

"Italy? Wow!" Daniel said.

"Ya it's exciting for sure. I will be able to work while there so I shouldn't need to come back at all if everything works out." Daniel's father said.

"We just wanted to make sure you are okay before we fly out. Listen I want you to connect with Steve Lalonde, okay?" 

"Why?" Asked Daniel.

"He's just an older friend of the family and I would feel better if you were in contact with him should any problems come up."

"I actually already spoke to Mr. Lalonde and helped him in his backyard," Daniel said.

"Oh that's great! That's a load off our minds knowing you have that connection up there. If you need anything go to him. Say hi to Steve for us, love you son," Daniel's dad hung up the phone before Daniel could say another word. It was kind of his dad's trademark way of ending a call.

"Food's up," Lalonde called from the kitchen as Daniel pushed his way back over and off the couch.

Steve Lalonde placed a plate of eggs, nacho chips, guacamole and salsa on the bar and looked up to see Daniel turn and walk towards him. There was Daniel all grown up with his lean tanned body, his perfect nipples and his smoothly shaved cock and balls walking towards him smiling. It was like being in the locker room after the football game. Lalonde had to shake himself out of the daydream.

"Huevos Rancheros," Lalonde announced. "Don't get used to it though, I am ordering in for dinner."

"Amazing!" Daniel said, genuinely excited by the food.

Daniel wolfed down the breakfast, he realized he had not really eaten dinner last night. He felt so much better after the rum and eggs.

Daniel headed back to the bathroom and hopped into the shower, the warm water felt good as it travelled across his torso in glimmering smooth sheets. Daniel liked using Mr. Lalonde's high end expensive body wash, shampoo and conditioner. He intentionally used plenty of the toiletries. When finished he turned off the taps and stepped out, there on the edge of the counter was the brown craft roll. He had forgotten about the rough public bathroom paper towel. He tore off a five-foot sheet and started drying his hair.

After he was dried Daniel again thought about how he should have some clothes to wear and even a towel or robe. He didn't though and he felt like he couldn't ask again or Mr. Lalonde would kick him out. He stepped out of the bathroom into the hallway.

"Come on over here and we'll do your moisturizing," Lalonde called seated on the couch.

"What? Moisturizing?" Daniel was puzzled.

"You don't want razor burn in any of the spots we did yesterday, believe me," Lalonde said with a chuckle.

What did the old man expect? Daniel to let him rub moisturizer on all of the areas he shaved? This is too much, thought Daniel. "No way will I let him do that."

"I don't think I need it," Daniel said.

"Daniel, I know how this works, you don't. I have shaved many and if you don't properly care for the shave it will become a sore rash which leads to infection and soreness. I have to properly care for the work I did on you," Lalonde said in a serious, don't be stupid tone.

"Okay, but I can put it on myself," Daniel said.

"No, I have to make sure it is applied in the correct way or it won't work," Lalonde replied.

"Correct way?" Daniel said.

"Yes," Lalonde shot back, "it has to be rubbed into the skin to a certain depth and some areas need multiple applications." Lalonde stated sounding frustrated.

"I don't want you to apply it," Daniel said.

"What's the big deal? I already applied it last night, what's different today?" Lalonde asked.

When Daniel heard him say that he applied it last night it was like he was hit in the chest with a shotput. He swallowed hard, his heart thudded in his ears. He scanned his memory, he did not remember Lalonde applying lotion to him last night. His brain felt suddenly broken, he didn't know what to say. Could Mr. Lalonde be lying? The last thing he remembered from last night was showering and drying off with that annoying paper towel. There had to be more to the evening then that though. 

"Damn it!" Daniel thought, "what the fuck? Mr. Lalonde shaved me and rubbed lotion into those spots too?"

Daniel walked to the bar, finished the quarter glass of mojito and then filled the narrow Collins glass to the top, some ice poured into the glass when it was almost full, overflowing the light green cocktail onto the bar. Daniel didn't notice, he kept searching his memory and picked up the glass and drank the whole thing, staring through the small window over the sink, he set the glass down again with a splash and felt a couple tiny droplets on his stomach.

"The sooner we get started, the sooner we will be done," Lalonde said.

"Okay, okay," Daniel said walking to the couch, what do I do.

"We start with the back, so let's get you... hmmm how should we do this," Lalonde looked around, "that couch is soft. Here get on the coffee table."

Daniel started to step onto the table.

"No on all fours, knees and hands, ya, that's it. Now arch your back a little, raise your butt," Lalonde coached him into position and with the back of his hand reached down and tapped the inside of Daniel's knee getting him to move it out, spreading his legs farther.

Daniel was on all fours on the coffee table, his butt in the air, back arched, legs apart and ass crack spread wide. He could feel the remaining water from the shower evaporating from his crack. He looked like a bitch on display at a dog show, presented on a table by the proud owner of the pooch.

"Hard to say, which area would be worst to have razor burn on," Lalonde whispered getting close to Daniel's ear.

The lid of the tube snapped open and closed again and Lalonde placed his hand at the top of Daniel's splayed ass crack and ran his hand down the length of it, middle finger in the lead, he slowly crossed Daniel's hole, feeling the wrinkles, and folds. Stopping when he reached Daniel's taint. He pulled his hand back towards the top, pressing harder and working the lotion into the skin. Back and forth his hand went, varying in speed and pressure. He applied a second coating and this time when he reached his hole he rested the pad of his finger on the hole and pressed down, it held firmly closed. He continued in circles around the puckered skin until the lotion was absorbed.

"That's great Daniel, see it's not so bad," Lalonde said again in a whisper.

Daniel tried to control himself. Something about the close personal attention he was receiving felt good and he noticed a tingling sensation, ASMR, start on the back of his head and travel down his neck and arms, leaving a wave of goosebumps on Daniel's biceps and forearms.

"Turn onto your back Danny," Lalonde instructed.

Daniel recalled this position from the shave the night before, he rolled onto his hip then on to his back on the coffee table.

Daniel was on his back on top of the coffee table staring up at the ceiling. His legs hung over the edge and his feet touched the floor. Lalonde grabbed Daniel's legs and spread them wide kneeling between them.

Mr. Lalonde then grabbed Daniel hips and slid Daniel towards himself. Daniel's back squeaked across the coffee table as his balls and taint slid right up to Mr Lalonde's pelvis.

"Lift your legs up Danny," Lalonde whispered in a breathy voice. "That's a good boy."

Daniel lifted his legs, they hovered in the air, spread outward as though docked in invisible examination stirrups, each ankle a foot from either side of Lalonde's head.

The tube snapped open, sputtered out some cream and then Daniel felt the firm touch of Mr. Lalonde's hand on his perineum. Lalonde rubbed the lotion into the area behind Daniel's balls, in this case the area beneath his balls as he lay on his back, his legs forced into an open straddle.

This area was sensitive, Daniel never really knew this about his body, not to this extent anyway. Lalonde's hand rubbed and rubbed the cream into Daniel's taint. He pressed firmly into Daniel's skin especially in the area just in front of Daniel's hole. The prostate was being pressed and released with each pass. The pressure was causing Daniel's cock to stir and grow as it lay on his lower abs. Daniel's loose balls were jostled gently by Lalonde's hand. 

Lalonde looked down at Danny. Daniel was biting his lip slightly and had a serene, glassy look in his eyes. He then tightened his face as he tried to fight the swelling. 

Lalonde's own cock was rock hard in his pants, tenting his shorts just below the belt buckle. He rubbed his cock through the shorts against the edge of the coffee table as he finished Daniel's taint. He could see Daniel's cock engorged and embarrassing to the young man as it lay on his lower abs.

Lalonde got Daniel up to kneel on the coffee table, he posed there on his knees his toes planted onto the slick surface. Lalonde stayed on his knees and had Daniel facing him. The cream was on his hand and he began working it into Daniel's scrotum and balls. Gently he pressed feeling the shaft inside, being sure to add pressure there. Every time he pressed into the shaft behind the balls Daniel's cock gave another jump.

Daniel had his face screwed tight, his eyes tight, his mouth tight as he concentrated on fighting off the erection. The feel of the hands on his balls and lower shaft was too much and his cock began to grow. 

When Lalonde was just starting the balls and Daniel's cock was already heavy, swollen and hanging out from his body, pointing down at an angle. 

Lalonde continued to work the lotion into Daniel's scrotum. He took his left hand and held Daniel's cock up against his pubic area, he could feel the growing hardness. 

When he released it if fell but not nearly as far as it should have. It was now sticking straight forward parallel with the ground. Lalonde saw how even it was with his mouth and thought about last night when he had sucked it for so long without Daniel knowing.

"You need to put more on my balls?" Daniel asked.

"Yeah it's a touchy spot Danny,"

Lalonde began to rub more cream into the young man's balls, leaving his cock to get bounced and jostled, it was sticking straight forward but was starting to tick even farther upwards. It was rising steadily with every pass.

Daniel couldn't fight it any longer, his cock was once again rock hard and pointing sharply upwards.

"Sorry Mr. Lalonde," Daniel said sheepishly.

"Oh don't worry Daniel, it's just a natural response to the process. Trust me I know you aren't turned on by me," he said with a chuckle.

Daniel looked straight down at his cock which was pointing up at him. Mr. Lalonde seemed to be finished the balls. "Is that it?" He wondered. He heard the tube snap open and shut again.

Lalonde dabbed the cream all around Daniel's shaft at its base just above the scrotum. He started to work it in little circles with his fingertips. Then he put his fore finger and thumb in a ring, tightly closed around the base of the very thick shaft. He put the cream onto the shaft in a ring just above his hand. Then his hand rose up Daniel's shaft, slowly, rubbing the cream in as it went up the shaft. It continued all the way up to the cockhead and then he began to lower his hand again.

"That works better Lalonde said," as he slid his hand lower and lower and let out a breathy sigh.

Lalonde started to stroke Daniel's hard hot throbbing cock, he worked his hand up and down, sometimes fast, sometimes slowly. He twisted his hand around as he went up and down, sometimes stopping to add more cream.

Daniel couldn't believe what he was watching. Mr. Lalonde was stroking his cock. Well no, he was applying cream to protect his skin, right? Right?

"But he didn't shave all the way up to the cockhead," Daniel thought for a second. 

Lalonde rubbed his thumb around on the cockhead, pulling a string of precum between his thumb and Daniel's piss slit as the thumb came away. Then his hand went back down the shaft.

Daniel winced and tried to fight the hot pleasurable sensations.

Lalonde was stroking the young man's cock again. It was so hard, he marveled at how hard it became. It was also so hot to the touch you would swear it had some sort of heating device inside it.
