 Danny and I met about five years ago quite by accident. But, fate has a way of doing many things that seem accidental. 

It was that fateful day five years ago when I attended a middle school function for my daughter Kristin. It was field day at the school. One of those end of year activities where the kids engage in competitions, both individually, and classroom against classroom. Classes let out for the day and it was spent in races, tugs of war and other contests. Because it was during the day, the parents present were virtually all mothers. You see, Kristin's mother had left us about five years earlier when she decided to pursue her singing career in Nashville along with the wealthy playboy son of the huge local Chevrolet dealer. 

Well, the singing career didn't seem to ever pan out, but we never saw my now ex-wife again. An occasional postcard from towns across the south where she would be traveling with a band that she had formed after going solo didn't give her the fame she sought. That left Kris and me on our own. I held a good job that provided nicely for us and I was able to juggle my schedule when needed. Today was one of those Mr. Mom days.

During the mile run, I stood with one eye on Kris, who was near the front of the pack of runners, and the other eye scanning the crowd of MILFs and PTA moms who were decked out in various arrays of tight and revealing clothing. I was amused by moms' dress codes (or lack of one), but I was more amused by the queen bee hierarchy of the moms. You could clearly see who was at the top of the chain as well as the lower rungs of wannabees. 

"Quite a contest, isn't it?" the male voice to my left quietly asked. I turned to see a handsome gent about my age. Clean cut, in shape, and very good looking.

"Oh yeah, but I think our class might fare pretty well by the end of the day."

"Yes, but I mean the contest over there between the PTA moms. You know they're all 'positioning' themselves for the election of new officers for next school year. It's all some sort of female oriented combination of mating ritual and fight to the death. I just don't understand the female race whatsoever."

"I hear ya, buddy. I had one once and don't necessarily care to go through all THAT STUFF again anytime too soon.."

"I'm Danny, by the way," as he offered forth his right hand.

"John," I said, returning his firm grip and looking into piercing battleship gray eyes, "I'm Kristin's dad, though I'm now supposed to just call het "Kris"."

"Kristin's dad. Well I know her pretty well. Allie is my girl. It seems our daughters have become pretty good friends over the past school year.

"Well, Danny. It's finally good to meet you. Kris has talked about Allie so much this year that I feel that I know you both already. I've obviously seen Allie and talked to her a few times at volleyball games and other school functions. Kris has been asking for months if Allie could come spend the night sometime, but the schedules haven't worked out up to now because of the different directions they head after school.."

"Don't I know. Allie usually waits at after-school care until I can get by to pick her up. It's just the two of us, so it kind of be difficult at times."

"Danny, I know what you mean. It's just Kris and me, too......."

Danny and I, as the only two dads at the field day spent the rest of the day visiting; comparing notes, sharing divorce horror stories, talking about dating after divorce, and talking about our girls. The day flew by and after school we decided to take the girls out for pizza and games at Dave and Busters. It turned into a great evening and another friendship was born.

With all the sports seasons behind us, the girls spent even more time together. Allie started going home with Kris and each evening, Danny would swing by our place on the way home rather than being forced to pay for the after-school care. It was a great set up. Each day it seemed when Danny came by for Allie, they would stay a bit longer and visit a bit longer. But, it was nice. All four of us relished out time together. 

As school ended, I made arrangements with Danny to allow Allie to spend the weekdays at our house. We had a pool that she and Kris could enjoy, and it would present much less of a burden for both of us working dads. That also allowed us to share the cost of a college girl to 'babysit' our girls during the day. What a summer it turned out to be!

My office schedule allowed me to get out of the office early on the occasional afternoon. More than once I came in the house to find Kris, Allie and Beth, the baby sitter, enjoying some nude sun-bathing. It was never a problem for me, and I certainly enjoyed the peeks at Beth's hot body and all-over natural tan. I must admit that I was almost equally turned on by the sight of Allie's teenaged, mid-pubescent body, also free of any tan lines. 

Every day, Danny would stop by after work to pick up Allie. Most days, he'd come to the door, and stay and visit for awhile. We'd sit in the family room while the girls ended their afternoons at the pool. Our conversations ranged from baseball to the weather, to the latest hot MILF we saw at the park, mall, or movie theater. We'd drink a beer or two and simply enjoy one another's company. With our shared experiences and duties, we were indeed the best of friends. 

Early on, when Danny and Allie were readying to leave, the two of us would shake hands and wish one another a 'good evening'. As the summer progressed, our departing gestures moved to pats on the back and even manly, masculine hugs. A sign of mutual respect and adoration of one another. Never, however, was there any hint of sexual tension or desire between the two of us. 

One Friday night, though, changed all that. Like normal, Danny came by after work to fetch Allie. She and Kris, however, were so enjoying themselves and were making plans for the weekend. Ultimately, Danny and I conceded to let Allie spend the weekend. Upon receipt of that news, both girls bounded upstairs to get ready for their evening. As Danny prepared to leave, we faced one another and were again about to exchange hugs. Something was different this time.... Our hug lasted longer than ever, and as we separated, we both instinctively leaned forward and shared a quick kiss. Momentarily taken aback, we broke the kiss, stared into one another's eyes, spoke not a word, and then resumed a second kiss that was filled with passion and pure man lust. 

Neither of us had ever hinted or discussed any sort of gay tendencies or fantasies. However, at that moment, I don't think we defined ourselves as gay, straight, bi, or anything else. We were two divorced and lonely men who had found in each other a best friend for whom we cared very deeply. The feeling was so right. It was so real. It was so sensual. 

Our third kiss was even more lustful and beastlike. We were hungry sexual beings with years of pent up sexual frustration and depravation. In Danny I had found a friend whom I loved and I didn't care what sexual taboos or boundaries I was about to cross. I loved this man and I wanted to experience anything and everything about him.

Out of fear of being seen by our daughters, we hastily collected ourselves and waited for them to come back downstairs before leaving for their movie "dates" with a couple other girls from their class. While waiting, our conversation didn't flow very freely. The room was full of tension... sexual tension... that you could cut with a knife. 

None too soon the girls bounded down the steps. We each gave them some spending money and out the door they shot, to be gone for the next few hours. 

When the coast was clear, Danny and I migrated toward the sofa, where we immediately locked tongues in the hottest make out session of my lifetime. We kissed, nuzzled, nibbled, hugged and shared closeness. Danny made the next move as he reached over and undid the top two buttons on my shirt. He hesitated for a moment to gauge my reaction. 

To show him that I was accepting of his advances, I reached down and fondled his obviously hard cock through his khaki trousers. He, in turn, resumed his operation to remove my shirt. 

Within minutes, both of us had all of our clothes on the floor next to the sofa. 

Never had I been with a man. Never had I the desire to touch a man in any manner beyond a handshake or pat on the shoulder. But, tonight, those never's came to an end. I had an animal like desire to touch, feel, smell and taste every square inch on this man's body. Likewise, the desire to hear the sound of passion and satisfaction come from his mouth. I wanted this man like no other person ever before.

"Let's go upstairs," I whispered in my best friend's ear. 

"Gladly, my friend," was his response.

As soon as the bedroom door closed behind us, we fell on the bed in yet another passionate kiss. The first move of a sexual nature came as I broke the kiss and then moved down to his erect nipples. After suckling upon each nipple for a few moments, I moved further down to his stomach, his waist, and finally to his groin.

There was no hesitation or second thought even given as I opened my mouth and took a man's dick into my mouth for the very first time. Unlike what I've read in the past, I was not surprised by the heat, the taste, the musky aroma, or anything else. It seemed to be the most natural act I had ever performed. I took nearly all seven inches of his hard and proud manhood into my throat. 

Not to be out-performed in the satisfaction department, Danny repositioned himself by doing a 190 degree turn on the bed, and just like that, we were locked into the first of innumerable 69's that we would share. 

After a number of minutes and targeted acts intended to bring sheer pleasure to the other, we both exploded into massive mutual orgasms. It was my first taste of cum, and since it came from this man, it was something I would treasure forever. 

My best friend had just become my lover.

Our sexual relationship continued to develop in quantity, quality, and eroticism for the next few weeks while Danny and I contemplated how we would bring the girls in on our status. We finally made the decision to break the news of our affair to our daughters on the Friday afternoon before the long 4th of July weekend. Until then, we carried on privately when we could so as to not upset Kris or Allie.

I took off early on that particular Friday afternoon and, as usual, walked into the house to find Kris, Allie, and Beth, all laying beside the pool working on their all over tans. What a site that was. Though I was madly and passionately in love with a man and desired constant sex with this man, I still loved the site of a beautiful female; especially naked and available in my own backyard. Though I had no sexual interests in my own daughter, the site of her bronzed and curvy body was a very pleasurable site as well. 

On schedule, Danny arrived from his office and we sent Beth home after paying her for her weekly duties and wishing her well on her long weekend.  "Dad, can Allie spend the night tonight?" Kris asked as we gathered in the family room.

"Well, darling, Danny and I have something we need to discuss with you girls that might impact Allie spending the night," I responded.

We all sat down in the family room. Danny and I next to one another on the sofa. Allie and Kris on the floor facing us, leaning against a pair of easy chairs. 

"Kris, your Dad and I have something we want to share with you and Allie," he began. "In answer to your question about spending the night, there's a change in store for us all."

"Allie," I joined in, "your Dad and I have agreed that you and he are going to move in here with Kris and me."

"Coolio! What fun that's going to be!" responded Allie. "But, Dad, what about our place? Are we giving up our home?"

"Not so fast, Pumpkin," Danny responded. "We're going to move our clothes and personal items over here. Whatever furniture and other stuff that we need, we'll move that, too." The rest, we'll put in storage for now until we see how things work out. We'll keep the house, but for now, we're going to try to rent it out on a six month lease in order to cover the house payment and taxes. If things work as I think they will, we'll either keep it as a rent house, or sell it to someone."

"But, hold on, Dad," responded Kris. "We only have three bedrooms. How's that going to work?"

"Well, that's the part that requires more discussion," I responded. "Danny and I... I mean... I... Danny...." It was a bit more difficult than I anticipated.  "Here goes. Danny and I will share a bedroom. You girls will each have a separate room. You see. Over the past several months, Danny and I have.... Well, we've fallen in love. We've decided to be together."

"Like husband and wife... or husband and husband? Or whatever?" Allie asked.

"That's right, hon. The two of us have spent so much time together caring for and watching over you girls. And like you guys, we started off as friends and our friendship has grown into something very special. We want to be together."

"So are you guys like, gay, or something?"

"Well. We're not gay in the sense that we're into all that rainbow stuff and gay bars and all that nonsense. But, we are more than best friends. We love each other and we have made love with each other."

"That's so cool, Dad," replied Allie. "Dad," echoed Kris, "that is the most awesome and romantic thing I've ever heard. Since Mom ran off, I know you've been lonely. It doesn't matter to me if you're with a guy or a girl. If you're happy, I'm happy for you. I love you. I love Allie, and I love you too, Danny."

"We're a family again. In fact we're more than a family. I've got a new sister that I already love. I've got one Dad that I've always loved, and a new Dad that I will also love forever. Daddy Dan and Daddy John...... DD and DJ."

And so it was. We were a family again. Not one that you would normally see on TV-Land. No Ward and June. Not Lucy and Rick or Fred and Ethyl. But we are a family. 

On their first night in their new home, Danny and I visited each of the girl's bedrooms and tucked them in and kissed them goodnight. 

We then strolled arm in arm to the bedroom that we would be sharing as lovers, one committed to the other. We entered the room, closed the door, stripped down like to horny teenagers and fell to the bed in the rawest, raunchiest 69 ever. 

As I wiped the remnants of Danny's hot cum load from my lips, I heard the giggly female voice saying, "way to go Dad!" In the corner of my eye I caught sight of our two teenaged girls standing and watching, taking in all the action. "You guys are the coolest."

All I could say was, "I love you, DD."

"I love you too, DJ."