 Perhaps it's not surprising that my husband had lost his hard-on while he was watching my ex hungrily rimming my splayed hole.

"Just gonna get him nice and slippy," Danny had said before plunging his face into my butt crack and giving me the most intense and satisfying rimjob I'd had in five years.

As my old flame was slobbering and slurping away at my backside, surfacing intermittently to gasp for air, Alex asked, "How is it, Matt? Any good?"

It was a difficult question to answer: not because I was in any way confused about my opinion of such a sensationally-administered arse-snog, but because I really didn't want to hurt Alex's feelings. Rimming me just isn't his thing, you see. When we'd first met, he'd tried to pleasure me by licking my bum-hole but it became increasingly clear that it's not something he naturally enjoys. He once admitted that to him it tastes a bit 'icky' and even blurted out when he was drunk one time that it felt nasty to have to put his mouth back there.

Anyway, I thought I better play it safe with my response. "So so," I said as nonchalantly as I could, thankful that he couldn't see how much my cock was throbbing and dribbling underneath my belly.

He said, "You're squirming a lot as he's doing it."

"It's just a bit... er... different from how you do it."

"Different as in better?" he asked with apparent concern.

"Different as in... er..." I began, stifling a gasp at the way Danny's tongue was flicking in and out of me and teasing my hole with confident skill. "You can tell he enjoys it," I eventually managed.

Alex called over to him, "I think he's wet enough now, Danny."

Danny pulled away from my bum and chortled as he stood up. "Yeah, just makin' sure, mate. The way his arse has clamped up, I figured he'd need a few extra gobs of spit."

"We've got lube in the drawer," Alex reminded him.

"Yeah, but where would the fun be in usin' that?!" Danny chuckled.

He lined his cock up with my hole again and grabbed my hips firmly so that he could force the broad head of it through my spit-soaked ring.

Even with all the wetness and the way I was bending over so low, I found myself struggling to take him and had to make a conscious effort to relax my sphincter, the way I used to when Danny and I had first hooked up.

"C'mon Matty," he grunted, pushing his bell-end hard against my entrance. "Imagine you're squeezin' out a fuckin' great duke!"

"I'm doing that!" I gasped, his knob feeling like a battering ram trying to force its way in through the keyhole.

"Where do you want me?" Alex asked chirpily. "I don't mind... er... helping to guide you in..."

It struck me as a slightly odd question but when you're bending over and trying as hard as you can to relax your rectal muscles, you don't tend to query things you might have otherwise.

"I can manage alright myself, mate," Danny retorted as his huge mushroom finally pushed its way into my anus. "Aah yeah! That's got it!"

A few inches of his massive cock shaft slid into me, cleaving me open as my arse strained to consume it.

"Aw Jesus! This feels so fuckin' good!" he called out, moving his hands up to hold me by the shoulders as he levered inch after inch of his monster relentlessly up into my innards.

"You're so lucky, Alex mate," he panted to my husband as his cock steadily filled me, "to 'ave bum sex on tap every time you want it!"

Alex didn't respond and Danny let out an animal grunt as the veiny girth of his cock drove its full length inside me. His two big hairy bollocks were pressing against the backs of my legs, feeling as if they were throbbing they were so overdue for release.

"I bet you love to bum him, don't you, mate?" he asked Alex as he slowly started withdrawing his organ again in preparation to start humping me properly. "I bet you fuck him so hard that he starts fartin' like a stuffed pig!"

Again Alex didn't reply so Danny continued, his bloated rod sliding back into me with a quickening pace, "I bet you bang him so rough he ends up shittin' spunk for days!"

He chuckled at his own wit as his cock took up a steady rhythm in and out of my tautly stretched hole.

"Actually I prefer frot," Alex quipped. "I find it a more sensual way of making love with my husband."

Danny chuckled. "Rubbin' your stalks together? Playin' sword fights with each other's sprongs like two kids?"

"It's far more erotic, I'll have you know. It can be very beautiful and deeply intense."

Danny chortled at the mere idea. For him sex had always been about getting his dick up another guy's butt.

"Each to their own, mate," he scoffed. "No wonder Matty's little shitter's just about healed up!"

Alex had been very vocal about wanting to try anal sex with me all the time we'd been messaging each other and when we'd started meeting up socially. He said he'd fantasized a lot about 'doing a companion up the ass' and was desperate to try it. Before he'd met me, he'd only done tentative stuff with casual hook-ups and penetration with strangers had been an absolute no-no for him.

Needless to say I was very keen on the idea of having this cute geeky tall bloke have his way with my bum, and it was only when he actually tried to shove his dick up me - right after the 'tin of beans' comment - that he seemed to lose interest.

For some reason my backside never seemed to do it for him. In the early days, he'd mount me seemingly out of a sense of duty and more often than not he'd suggest we try other things. Perhaps the active sexual imagination I mentioned arose from necessity: he'd had to think up other things we could do during lovemaking, trying to find ways we could have fun without him having to put his cock anywhere near my godawful arsehole.

Alex's favourite position these days is for us both to be facing each other and kneeling upright on the bed. We'll be kissing deeply and intensely, our tongues driving back and forth into each other's mouths, while our cocks rub together between our stomachs, massaging one another as our balls nudge gently together. We caress each other's backs and buttocks, although the crease between the cheeks is at all costs avoided, and our rhythm steadily increases until we're jabbing our two erections strenuously together. We're soon gripping each other tightly by the waist, with our spines arching backward and our cocks a blur of frantic thrusting between our wildly bucking hips. Alex will cum first - he always does - and as his spouting jizz rains down to lubricate my larger hard-on, my own slit lets rip with a white fountain of its own.

So frot is the main way we've made love for the last few years. Alex calls it 'proper gay sex' and regularly expresses his view that anal intercourse is a mere substitute for the vaginal penetration enjoyed by heterosexual men.

"We're two men, Matt... we have male sexual organs," he'd tell me. "We should focus our lovemaking on our penises, stimulating them together."

"But they don't connect together," I'd insist. "Your cock and my bum would make a really nice fit!"

"Your bum isn't your sexual organ, hun," he'd reply. "It's what you shit through and it should have no part in a gay couple's bedroom."

So when we both feel horny nowadays, we get together for a vigorous bout of face-to-face frot.

I've asked gay friends of mine - those who don't mind talking sex - if they and their partners prefer anal or frot. Almost always the answer is along the lines of, "What the hell is frot?" and when I tell them the reply is something like, "No way, man... you can't beat a good butt-fuck!"

To my surprise Alex seemed to enjoy watching Danny take me up the arse from behind. His cock rapidly hardened until it was curving upwards above his bollocks, and the head of it steadily darkened from a bright red to a beautiful, opulent purple.

He peered at us intently, fascinated by how much dribble was flinging from my own erection at it jiggled around underneath my stomach, and enrapt at how roughly Danny was slamming his hips against my buttocks as he held me firm by the hips.

"So tell me, Alex," Danny panted over at him. "Why don't you like doin' lover-boy up his chuff? What's wrong with a bit of good old-fashioned bum sex, mate?"

"It just doesn't work for me," Alex replied. "When I want to express my love for my husband, I don't want to bend him over and rut away at his backside."

"But this is gay sex, dude... this is how it works when it's two fellas..."

"It might be gay sex, but it's not gay lovemaking. I mean, look at you... standing behind him humping his arse like a dog."

Danny guffawed without missing a beat pounding in and out of me, but I called out, "Oh... come on! It's not that bad!"

Alex turned to me and explained, "I love you, Matt. I don't want to look at your back when we make love, I want to see your eyes, your smile... I want to taste your kisses..."

"We could do it from the front... I've suggested it before..."

"But that's still penetration, sweetheart... it's so much nicer being intimate as two equals... using both our cocks together..."

I accidentally let out a fart around Danny's relentlessly hammering shaft, causing Alex to add, "And I want our lovemaking to smell musky and male... not of farts and bum odour!"

"But that's the best bit," Danny chortled. "The stink of fucking another fella up his shitter is a big part o' the fun!"

"Not to me," Alex asserted. "At least not where my husband is concerned... I want our sex together to be beautiful and sensual, not smelling so... well... anal."

"You've got a hard-on now," Danny said, still humping roughly behind my bent-over back. "You seem to like the look of our position and the smell of his arsehole getting ploughed."

"But you don't love each other," Alex smiled back at him. "What you're doing is just sex... so, yes, I'm getting turned-on that it looks so crude and smells a bit rough."

"You like the smell of me taking it?" I gasped, suddenly aroused that my hubby would enjoy the crude stink that was wafting from the big cock reaming my hole.

"Yeah, it's surprisingly arousing," Alex grinned naughtily at me. "It's a bit barnyard... you know... sort of animalistic!"

"So you like the look and smell of bum sex," Danny chortled, "you just don't wanna do it."

"I don't want to do it with my husband," Alex clarified. "If there was another butt-hole in the room... one whose owner fancied trying to take thin cock like mine up it... I'd be more than willing to give it go."

"Aw fuck yeah!" Danny called out, the pounding of his cock slowing and stopping. "I'll bend over him a bit and you can come round behind me and slide that little prick of yours as far as you can up me shitter!"

Alex leaped eagerly off the bed but then hesitated and asked, "Are you okay with this, Matt?"

"If you're okay for him to shag me," I laughed, "then of course I'm okay for you to shag him."

I could understand why Alex wanted our lovemaking as married men to be romantic and erotic, but if he enjoyed anal sex as much as I did - only not with me - then I had an idea that might suit everyone in the room.

I said, "On one condition, though."

Alex paused again, his small thin erection poking upwards. "Yeah...?"

"We get together like this more often. Danny comes to stay and fucks me while you fuck him. Danny gets some guy fun and we both get to enjoy regular anal on top of our married frot."

"Sounds good to me," Danny said. "You guys pay half my ticket, though."

"We'll pay it in full," Alex declared, "even throw in a free meal!"

Danny chortled, "In that case, get stuck right in, buddy! You might wanna wet me up a bit first, though, if you know what I mean..."

I expected to hear the bedside drawer open and Alex to pull out our tube of lube. Instead, Danny called out, "Aw fuck yeah!" and started sliding his cock back in and out of me, so I craned around to my surprise saw that my hubby was kneeling down behind my ex-boyfriend with his face pressed in between his two squat cheeks.

He came out for air and gasped, "God, it's squalid!"

Then he plunged back in for more, slobbering noisily inside Danny's densely hairy crack as he noshed hungrily at his tight, puckered hole. I glanced down and saw that he was frantically bashing away at his stick-thin prick as he rimmed my beefy ex's hot smelly arse.

I called back, "Hey, Alex, you won't lick me out like that!"

My husband pulled out again, panting with excitement. Through laboured breaths, he managed to say, "I don't like you to taste or smell dirty, Matt. But this guy... Jesus! His arse stinks as rank as fuck!"

"And you like it?"

"I love it!" he grinned triumphantly. "It's making me so fucking horny!"

Danny grabbed Alex by the back of his head and slammed his face back in between the two solid cheeks of his backside. "Come on, eat it, poncey boy! Get your tongue stuck right up Danny's hot mud pie!"

Alex feasted furiously on my old boyfriend's butt, wanking himself off so fast I thought he was likely to cum. But even in his overwrought excitement, he was lucid enough to know that he wanted to mount my ex fully, because he managed to pull his mouth away from Danny's delicious hole, stand up behind him and start sliding his cock up it instead.

"Aw yeah, go for it!" Danny chortled. "Squeeze it right up me!"

Once Alex had worked his cock as far as he could up Danny's arse, he grabbed him tightly by the hips and started roughly fucking the more muscular man. "Oh my God!" he cried out. "This feels so fucking good!"

I realised that all the times he mounted me like that, he'd tried to make our sex as gentle and sensual as he could. Now unhampered by having a lover he actually loved, he was rampant and unrestrained in his enthusiasm to fuck. I craned my head back eagerly, peering wide-eyed over my shoulder, to see my usually self-composed husband wildly hammering his cock in and out of another man's arse.

"God it stinks!" Alex cried out. "I've got your shit on my dick but... fucking hell... it's so amazingly hot!"

Never in a million years would Alex have said something so crass to me during our sex. Our lovemaking had steadily become focussed on our affection and commitment, especially after we'd got married, and as we clung onto each other frotting our cocks in a fury, Alex would tell me what I meant to him and whisper his love and devotion.

"Stay still!" Danny commanded him. "Let me do all the work!"

I pushed myself upright and we all stood in a row facing forwards, the three of us joined together cock-to-arse. Alex held Danny by the hips and Danny gripped firmly onto mine and then Danny, as the man in the middle, started thrusting his midriff roughly back and forth. His thick cock frantically pummelled my now well-stretched cunt and his tight sphincter swept relentlessly up and down my husband's smaller organ.

"Aw Jesus yeah!" Danny panted, loving the sensation. "Push your arse back against my big knob, Matty! And Alex... push your hips forwards so your dick goes further up me!"

We squirmed together, sweating and gasping, and Danny reached around to wank me off. I loved that, of our three male bodies, my cock was the only one on show out front.

My ex-lover remembered how I like my hand-jobs and applied exactly the right amount of pressure to my shaft as he slid my foreskin up and down. He got the angle just right, as well as making me shudder with pleasure by making small flicks of his thumb across my slippery helmet, and soon his hand was jerking me faster and faster until, with a gasp of delight, I shot a thick rope of spunk right across our double bed.

He kept on milking me, still furiously fucking me, causing me to whimper like a girl while I writhed in ecstasy.

Then, when I was spent, I pulled off him so I could see properly my husband pressed up against his back, with his cock disappearing up between his muscular cheeks. I laughed and said, "Oh my God, Alex! You look stunning like that!"

"Yeah?" he grinned. "You like seeing me taking another man up his bottom?"

"I wanna see you do it properly," I nodded. "The proper gay way... him on all-fours on our bed and my gorgeous hubby kneeling behind him to fuck him hard and fast!"

Alex beamed broadly at the idea and Danny laughed, "I like a bit of doggy... but I've never done it this way round!"

The two of them clambered onto the bed and arranged themselves in the classic anal position. I loved how Danny's big hairy arse-crack gaped wide open as he bent forwards in front of Alex and how tall and slim my husband looked shuffling up behind my ex's buffer, more worked-out body.

Alex directed the thin shaft of his cock towards the wrinkled pink opening between his two splayed cheeks. He grabbed the burly man by the waist and quickly slid himself back up Danny's hot tight arse, and then the two of them started energetically fucking, working their bodies strenuously against each other as hips were cracked loudly against buttocks.

"Oh my God!" I laughed, feeling my cock starting to reharden at how amazing the pair of them looked. "You guys look so magnificent... so utterly awesome!"

"It feels utterly awesome" he panted. "It's smelly and dirty and there's no way I'd want to do anything like this to you... but I just love the stink of his arse and the feel of his shit around my cock!"

"What a romantic!" Danny laughed, pushing bum back hard against Alex's quickening thrusts.

"I've never done it like this," my husband gasped. "It's always seemed too crude..."

"Hey lover-boy!" Danny called over to me as he opened his legs wider to receive the taller man's cock. "Duck down here and suck me cock!"

"It's been up my arse," I reminded him.

"Yeah, so it needs cleanin' off!"

I glanced at Alex, remembering that he'd been very clear in forbidding me from sucking my ex-boyfriend's cock, but by now he was so carried away with roughly humping Danny from behind, that he just breathlessly huffed over at me, "If you want it, do it!"

Even though I'd just cum, the sight of my husband indulging himself in such a spectacularly gay pose had aroused me enough to decide that I did want it and that I would indeed do it.

I quickly scrambled onto the bed in front of Danny and crouched down underneath him so I could take four or five inches of his stiff swaying cock into my mouth.

Once I'd got used to the rancid taste of my own brown gunk coating the big blunt head and smeared thickly down the shaft, the sensation of sucking Danny off so close to the stink of his arse getting fucked was surprisingly exciting. My own bum tasted sour and nutty, whereas his stunk fiercely like he'd just vacated the toilet in the flat we used to share. But the sheer intimacy of smelling my ex's nastiest odour at such close range had me roughly wanking off a hastily-sprung second hard-on.

Alex is fastidious in his sanitary habits and only leaves our bathroom smelling of liberally-squirted cologne. Danny used to leave the loo with only a cry of 'Fuck me, that's ripe!' and, hunkered down there underneath him snorting the same dump stink, proved to be a refreshingly vulgar contrast!

"Fuckin' wank it, Matty!" Danny called out, seeing from the speed of my wrist how excited I had become again. "Wank it hard while you suck my cock!"

I slobbered all over his enormous hard-on, desperate to find more of my own gunge to lap off it.

Realising what I was doing, Danny added, "If you want more flavour, you might want to lick up a bit and clean your hubby's cock off too!"

At first the obscenity of Danny's suggestion shocked me. But as I licked at his two heavily bobbing knackers, enjoying the gathering stink as I moved further between his legs, I found myself growing steadily more intrigued by the idea.

I craned my mouth up behind Danny's huge hairy scrotum to Alex's smoother and smaller balls bouncing up and down behind them. Then I stretched my tongue upwards to lick at my husband's frantically hammering shaft, smeared glutinously with my ex-boyfriend's crud. The taste was noxious and vile but I lapped my tongue in rough flicks against Alex's relentless cock until I'd caused him to shudder into a moaning orgasm.
