 It's funny how you view things differently in the light of day.

Last night it made perfect sense to agree to my landlord Danny's outrageous demands, but now, with the sun shining brightly, and a fresh perspective, I seriously questioned the 'deal' I'd made with him.

Yes, he is going to do me a huge favor by driving me back-and-forth to work, so it is fair, I guess, for him to expect something from me, but this? A handjob at 8 o'clock in the morning?

He opened the door after I knocked twice.

"Good morning, Sweetie," he greeted me with a smile on his face.

I saw he was wearing a bathrobe. We needed to leave here soon and he wasn't dressed yet. I knew for sure I was going to have to go thru with the promise I made.

"Uh...good morning, Darling," I replied. 

Since I responded properly, he allowed me inside. He immediately took me in his arms and kissed me. I knew better than to fight him, or back away. I didn't have any choice but to play his game.

At least he'd just brushed his teeth, I thought as we kissed and hugged. It didn't take long until I felt his erection against me. 

"Take off your slacks and give me your underwear," he said as though it were a perfectly normal request.

I saw the look in his eyes; this was no time to protest, and besides, I didn't want to be late for work.

"Y-Yes, Darling," I replied.

He took my slacks and carefully draped them over a chair. I gave him my briefs and he led me to a large mirror in the living room. I was extremely self-conscious of being naked from the waist down. He slid off his robe-he was naked underneath and sporting an impressive hard-on.

"Okay, Sweetie," he said, "...stand behind me, reach between my legs and hold my balls...yes, that's it-now reach around with your left-hand and stroke my cock."

In order to accomplish this feat I had to stand as close to him as possible. I was actually pressing hard against him. The feel of his hot flesh caused my prick to become semi-erect.

In a matter of seconds, with his hot and hard cock in one hand, and his heavy balls in the other, I began to imperceptibly grind my own prick onto his left buttock. This was so deliciously dirty I became hard as a rock and it began to throb when I pressed it against his naked flesh.

"FASTER," he commanded.

I was grateful he was getting close. I was still worried about being late for work.

I gently massaged his balls while stroking his cock as fast as I could. My own grinding thrusts became more urgent. I was getting close, too.

"OH SWEETIE-YOU'RE A WONDERFUL BOY-THAT'S IT—THAT'S IT-YES-YES-YES-OHHHHHHHHH-YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS..."

I stared at the mirror and watched in amazement as stream-after-stream of viscous cum shot out of his slit and splashed against the glass. His balls held an impressive amount of sperm and semen.

I frantically ground my prick against him, straining to cum.

"That's enough for now!!" he announced.

"Noooo, pleeezzzzzzz..." I whimpered in frustration.

"STOP!!" he shouted.

I had no choice but to obey him.

I watched thru hazy, lust-glazed eyes as he wiped himself clean with my briefs. He then stooped over and, using my briefs as a rag, wiped every drop of cum off the mirror.

He held my briefs between two fingers and said, "Here-put these on!"

He couldn't be serious! They were absolutely drenched with his cum.

"I said-PUT THESE ON-we don't have much time..." he commanded.

His reference to the time shook me from my reverie. I reluctantly snatched the briefs from him and shimmy my hips and buttocks to pull them up my legs. I had to use my hand to force my throbbing boner into the briefs.

They were so wet with his cum they instantly clung to my skin.

He disappeared for a couple minutes and I retrieved my slacks and pulled them into place. My damn hard-on wouldn't go away.

He was dressed, came to me and kissed my lips.

"Well?" he said, narrowing his eyes.

He wanted me to say something-what was it? My mind was a blank. Suddenly I remembered.

"Thank you, Darling," I said, "...thank you for letting me play with your hard cock-thank you for letting me make you cum!" I said, proud that I'd remembered the words he wanted to hear.

"You're very welcome, Sweetheart," he said as he kissed me one last time before we left.

He made me sit next to him in the car. He drove with one hand; his other arm was over my shoulder, holding me close to him. Every time we had to stop at a traffic light he would turn to me and expect a kiss. I would dutifully oblige him. 

I was very happy the window tint prevented anyone from looking inside the car. After each kiss, I was expected to say, "Thank you for kissing me, Darling."

"You're very welcome, my sweet little boy," he would reply with a smile on his face.

Just as my erection began to go down, the aroma from his drying semen wafted upward and made me swoon. His smell was far muskier, and sexier than mine. I loved it-my boner instantly returned.

I squirmed uncomfortably; I wanted to take hold of my prick and finish the job, but didn't dare it.

"Have you ever masturbated at work?" he asked.

My God, what a strange and intrusive question!

"No-no-of course not!" I said with righteous indignation.

"Sweetie, don't lie to me!" he said sharply.

My face flushed red-I began to mumble.

"W-well, m-maybe..." 

"How many times have you masturbated at work?" he asked.

I desperately wanted to change the subject, but I knew him well-enough now to realize I needed to answer the question.

"Oh, you know, once or twice," I sheepishly admitted.

"HOW MANY TIMES? TELL ME THE TRUTH!!"

His voice scared me.

"I don't know-seven or eight times..." I said in defeat.

"Sweetie, you've only been there a few weeks and you've masturbated seven or eight times at work?"

The way he said it made me feel ridiculous and small. I'd never been so humiliated.

"Have you forgotten that I'm the one who got you that job? That Mrs. Nelson did me a favor by hiring you?"

Yes, I had forgotten-it seemed so long ago. I suddenly wondered if she'd told Danny about the time she caught me fondling the panties?

"I-I'm sorry, Darling-it won't happen again!" I promised.

"Damn right, it won't," he said. "We're going to work on your self-control...from now-on, you'll only be allowed to masturbate when I say so-do you understand me?"

My blood began to boil. Who in-the-hell is he to say that to me? I'm a free human being-I can do whatever I want! 

But I was afraid to say anything; I was in no position to challenge his authority over me. I was terrified he would find out my dirty little secret and make a call to my mother. Besides, I was now guilty of having held his hard cock in my hands, and stroking him to orgasm.

I would absolutely die of shame if my mother ever knew that! 

"Y-Yes, Darling," I said with huge disappointment in my voice.

He chuckled and said, "Don't worry, Sweetie, I'll be very generous with your orgasms, okay?"

For some reason his words made me feel better.

"Yes, Darling-thank you, Darling," I replied.

It seemed like the longest eight-hours ever. I spent most of the day in the Lingerie Department and it drove me wild with lust.

First, I unpacked the Victoria Secret shipment, and wouldn't you know-there was box-after-box of lace panties, thong panties, and sheer, bikini panties. I swear, my prick was stiff for three-straight-hours. 

When lunch-time finally arrived, my balls ached, and my head was spinning in a fog of sex-crazed, passion and desire. My briefs, which had dried from Danny's semen, were now soaked with my own pre-cum.

Twice, I almost lost my fight with self-control and gave in to my urges to masturbate. The only thing that stopped me was the sales ladies were taking inventory, and were in-and-out of the stockroom too often to allow enough time for me to relieve myself. 

The afternoon was no better: a shipment of Dreamgirl babydolls and chemises arrived. My prick was hard and dribbling pre-cum for another three hours. I convinced myself this was a test from God, and that I needed to be strong, and vigilant against my urges.

Luckily, I worked the last couple of hours unpacking and stocking perfumes and cosmetics; keeping my mind and body occupied with something besides lingerie.

I'd never been so happy to see a workday come to an end.

"Did you enjoy work today, Sweetheart?" Danny asked as soon as I climbed into his car.

"I-um...it was okay," I answered. It still bothered me when he called me 'Sweetheart' or 'Sweetie.' 

He didn't make a move to start the car so when I glanced at him, and saw 'that look' in his eyes; I became fearful and immediately tried to rectify my mistake.

"Oh, uh, yes, Darling-work was fine, Darling," I said.

He continued glaring at me.

NOW WHAT? screamed my mind. WHAT DOES HE WANT FROM ME? Oh, yeah...

I slid over on the seat until I was close beside him. He smiled and kissed me on the lips.

"I missed you, Sweetie-did you miss me?" he asked.

Oh my God, this guy is relentless...why is he doing this to me? 

"Yes, Darling-I missed you very much," I said to appease him.

"Did you think about my hard penis today?" he asked; his eyes boring into my skull.

My face flushed red. "I—uh, yes, Darling-I thought about your hard penis today."

I read the expression on his face to mean: Well?

"Yes, Darling," I continued. "I thought about holding your hard cock-stroking it, holding your balls and stroking your hard cock until you came...I love the feel of your penis and balls in my hands, Darling."

And there it was-I wasn't just saying it...I realized I meant what I said-it was the truth!

He smiled and kissed me again. I felt relieved and happy when he started the car, and put his arm around me. 

"Sweetie, perhaps you'd like to hold my balls on the drive home?"

HUH? IS HE SERIOUS?

"...if you ask me nicely, maybe I'll let you do it."

OH MY GOD-THIS IS CRAZY-WHY IS HE DOING THIS TO ME?

It was all-too apparent he wasn't going to start driving until I did what he wanted.

"D-Darling," I said; my voice quivering and small. "May I please hold your balls for you?"

I couldn't believe his response.

"Now why on earth would you want to do a thing like that?" 

Tears filled my eyes; they stung. My face burned a glowing-red. My prick was hard as a rock inside my briefs, but worst of all, I knew I had to answer his question. 

"I—I love the feel of your balls in my hand, Darling-please let me hold your balls for you-please?"

"You may," he said. "Be quick about it!"

"Thank you, Darling," I said as my trembling fingers fumbled with his belt and zipper.

When his slacks were open wide enough, I slid my right-hand past his erection, found his scrotum, and balanced and held his heavy balls in my small hand.

He kissed my lips. He smiled then kissed me again. He put the car in gear and we were finally moving.

"Sweetheart," he said. "Think about this on the ride home: what kind of boy would willingly hold another man's balls?"

I didn't know whether to laugh or cry. I was exhausted. Tears trickled down my cheeks. I was in such an awkward position, all I could do was lean my head on his chest and sigh. 

When I opened my eyes, I found myself staring at his hard cock. I didn't look away. I watched the pre-cum slowly leak from his big and beautiful, purple glans. My prick throbbed and my balls hurt like hell. I'd never felt such confusion in my life.

"Are those 'your friends' over there?" he asked.

What is he talking about? I wondered.

I had to lift my head to look out the window. At first I was surprised Danny was driving the bus route, I figured he'd be taking the interstate. 

Then I saw them! My heart stopped and a cold chill ran up my spine. Scarface and his two friends were standing at the same bus stop as before. 

"Do you want to stop and say hi-should I offer them a ride?"

"Oh God, Danny-NO—PLEASE NO-I, uh, oh God..." I said, shivering with fear.

He stroked my hair and spoke in a serious tone.

"Sweetheart, I'm sorry-it was cruel of me to tease you like that...I want you to know, I will always protect you...I want you to feel safe and secure when we're together."

"Thank you, Darling..." was all I could say.

I spent the remainder of the ride home with my head against his chest staring at his lovely cock; fighting the urge to lick the pre-cum from his oozing slit, but wondering the whole time what it tasted like.

I knew now that it wouldn't be long until he had me take it in my mouth. The thought of it wasn't as repugnant as it was yesterday. I was really beginning to like this man, and I enjoyed pleasing him. 

Truth-be-told, I loved the feel of his balls in my hand. I knew the answer to his question, but whether I could admit to myself 'what-kind-of-boy-I-am', well, that was another matter all-together.

After work tomorrow, I would be his for three days. I closed my eyes and imagined the things he'd have me do for him. I wasn't naïve-I knew what men wanted from their 'boys,' but I wondered if I could go thru with it. 

My inhibitions were deeply ingrained, and I was ashamed of my personal feelings and thoughts. 

I always assumed I would lead two different lives: one where I worked and interacted with people on superficial levels, and then my private life, where I could fantasize and satisfy my dirty and unnatural urges myself, with no one knowing, and no one mocking or humiliating me.

I was prepared to live a solitary life...I expected it. 

The next morning I surprised Danny when I climbed into the car and sat close to him.

"Darling," I said, "...may I please open your slacks and hold your balls for you?"

With a bemused smile, he said, "Yes, you may!"

I kissed him and thanked him.

At every stop light we'd kiss, then I'd say: "Darling, thank you for letting me hold your balls and kiss you."

Even though I'd masturbated him to climax just a few minutes earlier, it didn't take long for his beautiful cock to get hard.

At one point, I kissed him and made a Freudian-slip when I said, "Darling, thank you for letting me kiss your balls."

I flushed red-he laughed out loud.

I was busy fastening his slacks when he said, "Sweetheart, when you get in the car after work you will belong to me...I'll own you for three whole days! You will obey me without question or protest no matter what I have you do-you will do it immediately and thank me for it! Do you understand?"

"Y-Yes, Darling," I said slightly trembling as I opened the car door.

"One more thing," he said. "From now on, your only concern should be with my pleasure...whenever you give me an erection-it will be your responsibility to make sure you give me the most satisfying climax you possibly can...your own little hard-on is irrelevant...your pleasure will come from my pleasure-do you understand me, Sweetheart?"

OH MY GOD-WHAT HAVE I GOTTEN MYSELF INTO?? 

"Y-Yes, Darling," I stammered.

His words had given me a boner but I didn't think he noticed as I got out of the car.

My nerves were on edge the entire day. I didn't know it was possible to feel exhilaration and fear at the same time.

His words "Your pleasure will come from my pleasure" played over-and-over in my head.

Can I really go thru with this? What kind of person just hands-over control of their life to another person? I'd fantasized in the past about a woman taking charge of me, but a man? 

Even though my hands were now accustomed to satisfying his lust, and yes, I admit, I liked it; I knew darn well he would demand the use of my mouth this weekend, and maybe, more.

I shuddered at a mental image of being naked with Danny, bending over for him. 

That would be the end of me, I thought. If that happens, I might as well stamp the word 'FAGGOT' on my forehead for all-the-world to see.

There was no way out of this. I made a deal with him, and a man is only as good as his word. Besides, where could I go? 

Outside of Jennifer I had no other friends in Florida. I certainly couldn't run home or confide in my mother or sisters; they already have doubts about 'what kind of boy' I am. I'd die of shame if they found out what I'd already done with Danny.

Suck it up, John, I told myself, slightly amused by my choice of words. Man-up! Just because I'll be kneeling between his legs doesn't mean I have to like it. 

The memories of the previous evening with Danny were fresh in my mind. I had masturbated him three-times and the feel, texture and heat of his beautiful cock and balls seemed to have left imprints on my hands. 

I had to admit, I loved the way his cock came alive when it was in my hand; how it twitched and jumped and pulsated; how his balls would be swollen one moment, then they'd explode and I watched with fascinated amazement his sperm and semen gushing from his slit.

I had found it all very erotic. I even got accustomed to his finger in my asshole when he allowed me to cum. I don't know why, but when he finger-fucked me my orgasms seemed much more intense and pleasurable. 

Towards the end of the day, Mrs. Nelson and I were working together, making small-talk while folding and stocking bras and panties. I was beginning to perspire from the heat in the small stockroom, and naturally, the feel of the sexy undergarments in my hands.

"Do you have plans for the weekend?" she asked.

DOES SHE KNOW SOMETHING??

I couldn't answer that question; I hemmed-and-hawed and stumbled over words.

"Honey, relax..." she said softly. "I'm sure whatever you do-you'll enjoy it!"

WHAT DID SHE MEAN BY THAT??

I took a deep breath and told myself to chill-out. She's just making conversation. By the time we finished the project, it was thankfully time to clock-out for the day. 

Not a moment too soon, I told myself. My dick was throbbing and I had a serious case of blue-balls again.

As I approached Danny's car, I was gripped by a fear so strong, I stopped dead in my tracks. I tried to peer inside the car to gauge what kind of mood he was in, but the tinted windows made it impossible to see anything at all.

I took a deep gulp of air and told myself I was ready for anything he may demand of me.

I climbed into the car and sat beside him.

"Hi Darling," I said, "...may I please open your slacks and hold your balls?"

There was a look in his eyes that told me something wasn't quite right. 

"Of course you'll hold my balls for me, but first..." he said then continued: "I saw Katy in the hallway today-she told me something very interesting..."

"Katy?" I asked. "Jennifer's roommate Katy?" 

My face went white and my hands began to tremble. Did Jennifer tell her roommate about the other night? Does Danny know my secret?

He stared into my eyes and asked, "Is there something you want to tell me-something you 'should' tell me?"

This wasn't good-what could I say? My mind frantically searched for an answer.

"Jennifer and I were just fooling around, you know, uh, boy-girl stuff..." I stammered.

"Yes, I know," he said, "...that's not the interesting part...I heard it ended rather abruptly-what happened?"

"I—I—I don't know what you mean!" I said, tears were now forming n my eyes.

He smiled sadly and stroked my hair. He didn't appear to be angry or mad in any way.

"Did Jennifer give you a nickname? What is it she called you?" he asked softly.

OH MY GOD-OH MY GOD...

"Uh, I don't know-I don't remember!" I lied.

"WHAT DID SHE CALL YOU? SAY IT!!" he demanded to know.

I wanted to curl-up into a ball and disappear. I'd never hated myself as much as I did at that moment.

"Panty-boy..." I said in a whisper.

He kissed my forehead and asked, "Why would she call you 'Panty-boy'?"

It was out in the open now. At least he didn't appear to be mocking me. There was nothing left to be said but the truth.
