 If you were asked, could you name the most famous person you went to school with? How about the most well-known person from your class? For me the answer is easy, it would be Randy Conner, former NBA player and my best friend.

I've known Randy since we were in 4th grade, Randy's family lived four houses down the street from mine and our parents were good friends. We did everything together; we went fishing with my father, took our younger sisters to the movies, ate at each other's house for dinner three or four nights a week, he was only two months older than me and he was truly a great friend. The thing we liked to do the most was play basketball, Randy's father was the basketball coach for our high school and he taught us the fundamentals of the game. Randy was a better athlete than I was and he played the game much harder, I have always considered him a better player than me. But his father still pushed me hard to be a good shooter and I was a starter for three years.

We were State runner up in our Junior year and won the state championship our Senior year, the first state championship for our school. Randy was the best player on our team and led the team in most statistics like scoring, rebounds and assists. I was a better shooter than a defensive player but we made a hell of a duo. Randy received a scholarship to play ball at a major college. In his Junior year, he led them to the Final Four. After graduating, he was selected 9th in the NBA draft and played for 7 seasons including making the All-Star team twice. 

Despite helping his team make the playoffs four of the five years with them, Randy was traded and injured his foot his first year with his new team. He returned the next year but decided to retire because as he told me, he had lost a step and just felt like he wasn't the same. Randy invested his money wisely through his playing days and by the time he and his wife, Lori returned to our hometown to live, he was worth over 20 million dollars. Along with some investors, Randy build a luxurious, state of the art health club with all the amenities. He also had built a separate small basketball gym next to it, he envisioned creating his own three on three basketball league inviting the best players in the area.

He named it, The Big 9, because there were 9 teams in the league. Every individual player put in $3000 in a pot to play in the league, Randy insisted that he pay for mine and our teammate Charles Simms's fee. Charles was a former college roommate living in the area. Each team played each other once and the team with the best record won the pot. If there was a tie, the teams would play a championship game, but so far that hasn't happened. 

Because the seasons only take a little over three months, we play two a year. We played our first two last year and have only came in third and second the first two seasons. We went 5-3 our first season and Randy was pissed, mostly with himself. His foot gave him some problems (he developed bursitis in it) and my shooting was horrible, the next season we went 6-2 but finished one game behind the league champion that season. We really should have won more games even though Randy played better, I felt like the losses were my fault, I should have scored more, but there is a reason my head hasn't been in the game. 

During the first season, our third game was canceled due to a player not showing up. When I returned much earlier than I was expected, I found my wife in our bed with her co-worker. I found out that they had just started an affair a few months earlier. We separated a few months after that. All through last year my head just hasn't been right. I offered to leave the team in the second season but Randy wouldn't hear of it. He told me we would get by and insisted I stayed; he knew playing basketball was actually good therapy for me. I have always loved to play basketball. 

Like Randy, I got a scholarship but to a much smaller school and started my last two years. I got a degree in sports management and took a job in the front office with a professional team in Atlanta. Also like Randy, I married my high school sweetheart and moved back to our home town. It was great to have Randy and Lori back home and the first couple of years it was fun having the four of us together. I gave my ex the house, a car and some of our savings. I started over and am trying to adjust. In February we started a new season, it might just be what I need to get out of this funk. 

Going into our third season, we prepared more than ever before even running a few scrimmages and developing game plans. I know he doesn't need the money (he even told Charles and me we could have his share of the pot if we win), he just plays for pride, I guess. There were somethings about this league that perplexed me and didn't make sense, but I was afraid to mention them to Randy because he worked so hard to put it together and I didn't want to insult him. I mean he spared no expense with the league or the gym for that matter. Although the court was smaller to accommodate a game of three on three, we had a full score board, shot clocks and Randy hired people to keep score, time and referee the games. There were some bleachers so friends and family could come and watch and a full locker room for this gym with showers. 

The things that seems strange was how every other team was comprised of a white player and two black players and how the teams reacted when they won or lost. If a team lost the black players were all smiles and even seemed to congratulate themselves, while the white player sometimes stormed off, seeming a little too upset with the loss. If a team won, the white player was excited and gave high fives while the black players seemed a little serene with the win. Every white player in the league except me, wore knee pads and elbow pads every game. The other thing was that the games were always played late, usually starting when the rest of the health club closed at 9pm. We never played more than one game a night. I just thought it was strange that we didn't fit any games earlier since they usually lasted about an hour. 

Our first game was tough, the two black players were tall and quick and we had to rely on our outside shooting since Charles was the tallest guy on our team (I'm 6'3" and Randy is 6' 1" foot tall). I took the final shot and nailed the shot to win the game. Once again, the reactions were not what you would expect. The white player on the other team just got his gear and took off, not even congratulating anyone. Charles actually acted pissed and barely spoke to me before he left. The black players were smiling and shaking Randy's hand talking to him near the bleachers. They looked like they were having a deep conversation while the refs, scorekeepers and game watchers were filing out of the gym. I decided to get my shower and change. It was pretty customary for Randy to stay behind; he would lock up the gym and head to his office in the main building to do some late work.

The most bizarre thing happened in the locker room, as I finished my shower and was leaving, the two men from the opposing team were coming in to shower. One turned to me and asked, "Sure you don't want to change your mind?" 

"Huh?" I responded.

"Your going to miss the fun." He said.

"What fun?" I asked perplexed.

"Never mind, I thought you knew." He said and started to take his shower. 

I got dressed and in a foggy mindset I left the gym, I looked for Randy but he wasn't around. When I got to my car, I realized that I had left my sneakers in the locker room. My mind was too much on the guy's question. I debated if I should leave them, even starting the car but I thought I better go get them. When I got to the gym I found it was locked and most of the lights were turned off. I have a key to the door that Randy gave me to use the court to practice with and entered from the side. The locker room doesn't have a door entrance just a wall that provides privacy from those on the other side and when I entered the lights were off making the locker room pitch black. But as I tuned the corner, I heard a loud moan that unmistakably belonged to Randy. The door to a room that was next to the showers was open with lights on, I assumed it was a water heater room or maintenance room. When I could see inside from about 20 feet, the image I saw shocked me to my core, even more than when I caught my wife cheating on me. 

Inside was Randy on his knees, with the two black opposing players standing on each side of him. They were nude and dripping wet from their shower, Randy was still in his full basketball uniform. Both were sporting huge erections and they were gripping them from the base of their cocks. Easily over ten inches long, since they were about the same height, their cocks lined up perfectly. Randy was moaning loudly as he was flickering and running his tongue up and down between the two men's bulbous heads. Saliva was dripping wildly out of his mouth and pouring off each man's thick head. Although he was fully clothed in his uniform, Randy had one hand pulling the waistline of his shorts out while his other hand was obviously masturbating his cock. The men were talking loudly. 

"Mmmm, lick that head man." The first man said, his hand on Randy's shoulder.

"That's it white boy, give up that tongue." His teammate added.

I thought Randy was being raped for a second and was about to charge in the room, but it only took a few seconds to her Randy's moan and see the expression on his face, he was in ecstasy and fully enjoying it. I slipped back into the darkness more, but got an angle that would reveal everything that was going on. 

"Now lick our shafts motherfucker." The second man commands Randy. My friend immediately ran his tongue down each man's amazing length, continuing to wetten each with a constant supply of saliva. 

"Oh yeah, nice and wet. Good boy." The one with his hand on Randy's shoulder said. Randy is whimpering as he continues, I have never seen him so vulnerable, yet so excited for that matter. His hand is stroking his cock at an incredible pace while he holds his shorts as open as he can pull it out, he is mad with lust and sexual fever. 

"You really wanted to win this one didn't you superstar?" The man with the hand on Randy's shoulder asked. His cock could be about 11 or 12" and impressively thick. 

"Yes, oh yes I did." Randy answers. "Big win." He slides his tongue to the other cock which looks like it's about 10" itself. "Big, big win. Well worth the effort." As Randy is running his tongue along both black cocks, you can see that all three men are enjoying his efforts tremendously, Randy the most. 

"Damn Reggie," the other man says. "This white boy loves him some black cock. Those brothers weren't lying." 

"Yeah, I like his tongue, but let's see if he can suck black cock as good as they say." The other man says. "You ready white boy, you ready do see if you can really do us right?" 

"Yeah man, suck them cocks whitey." The man who had his hand on Randy's shoulder, then grabs his head and turns it to him to have Randy face him. He quickly trusts his huge black cock between Randy's lips and stuffs it deep. Randy lets out a loud moan and the man with a grip on the back of Randy's head starts to fuck his mouth. His teammate begins to smack the side of Randy's face with his dangerous dick and the smacking sound is loud. Randy moans louder despite being full of black cock. Suddenly, the clear, obvious evidence of cum shooting out of his shorts can be seen. 

It was then I felt scared and quickly, quietly left the locker room and headed to my car. I had popped a hard-on and panicked. I sped home nearly causing two wrecks by running a red light and a stop sign. I couldn't get the image of Randy with those two men out of my head. When I got home, I jumped in the shower and put the water on cold. I hoped the cold water would kill my erection, clear my head and put me in a right frame of mind. I could see Randy kneeling there and licking on those large black men, the sound, the look on his face, what they were saying. The image quickly morphed to me taking his place; licking, sucking and worshiping both of those sizeable ebony penises. The men telling me to suck them and praising my oral skill. I started to stroke my cock and came within two minutes. 

I jumped into bed frustrated and confused. I tossed and turned, not being able to fall asleep. Upset at my state of mind, I jumped out of bed and went to my desk and got on my computer. I did a search for INTERRACIAL GAY PORN and watched videos of white men sucking on big black cock and being fucked by them. I ejaculated three more times that night. 

The next morning, I called my office and told them I would be working at home. I waited until noon to call Randy. "Hey, you left your shoes in the locker." He says oblivious that I knew his secret.

"Yeah, I was hoping to come over and pick them up." I tell him.

"I got them in my office. Come over anytime." He tells me.

"Randy? We need to talk." I say in a deadly serious tone.

"Whats wrong?"

"I think its better if we talk face to face. I'm coming to your office; can we talk there?" I ask.

"Sure. Come on over." He tells me.

I get there within an hour. His secretary tells me he was expecting me and lets me right in. When I walk in the roomy office, Randy comes around the desk to shake my hand and asks me to take a seat. He then walks to the door, tells his secretary to hold any calls and not to be disturbed, he closes and locks the door. As he is walking back, I can see a video on his screen of me leaving the locker room, you can see I'm leaving in a huff. He knows what I saw.

About 20 seconds of silence happens after he sits down. We are both looking for words. I begin to speak. "Randy, I just thought..."

"Kevin, I'm bisexual." Randy interrupts. "...and I'm attracted to well-endowed black men." 

"How long have you realized this?" It was the first thing that I was curious about.

"Since I was 18. It's basically your fault." He says.

"Mine?" I'm shocked and confused. "What do I have to do with black men." 

"Remember the summer after we graduated, my folks got that cabin for us so we could have one more getaway before we left for college. We took the girls with us and that Saturday night we were playing drinking games. The girls passed out after just a couple of hours and we stayed up taking."

"I don't even remember the girls passing out." I admit.

"Yeah, you were pretty drunk yourself. We went out on the porch facing the lake and started talking and joking around. You made a statement that although I was a better basketball player, you had a bigger dick. You even challenged me then and there. So, I stood up and opened my pants, you opened yours and pulled out your cock. I was pretty impressed, it wasn't just bigger than mine it was really big, like nine inches." Suddenly Randy seems to get emotional, putting his head down." "You started to stroke it and I was just staring in amazement, then you passed out. You were lying there with your cock still hard and I...I went over to you and started...sucking it. I must have done it for about two minutes and then the guilt hit me. I'm so sorry Kevin, I was so ashamed and felt so guilty I stopped and threw up. I tucked you back in your pants. The next morning, I asked if you remembered anything and you said you didn't. I felt such a relief and decided I would never do anything like that or think about what I did to you."

Seeing his pain, I didn't want his guilt to endure, "Randy, Its ok. I'm not mad."

He took a deep breath of relief. "Thank you, man. I felt like I took advantage of you, it's bothered me for a long time." He then continued. "I didn't think anything like that would ever happen again but during the middle of my first year in college, I was in my dorm room reading a book for literature class when my roommate Charles Simms burst into our room screaming, "That bitch how could she just leave me like that!" Apparently, his date got him all worked up physically and then left, leaving him sexually frustrated. He walked up to my bed and pulled out his erect 10" cock and said, "See what she left me with." It was probably meant as a joke, but seeing his huge piece of dark meat just inches from my face ignited my own fire and I jumped on it and started sucking it. Charles was like, "Hey, hey, hey...I'm not gay!" and pulled it out of my mouth. I just lied there and wiped my mouth. Before I could apologize and tell him I didn't know what came over me, he stuck it back in my mouth. I sucked him for an hour and he eventually came all over my face. It was my first black cock I had sucked and I loved it, I knew it was my weakness, my passion. Charles enjoyed it a lot as well and would let me suck it once or twice a week until he graduated at the end of my sophomore year. We developed a friends with benefits kind of relationship." 

Listening to his story, I had to know how he kept the secret from his wife, Lori. "Has Lori ever suspected?"

"Oh, Lori knows, she knew after the first night I sucked Charles' cock. I called her at the college she was attending and told her the whole story what happened. I told her that I still loved her and that I wanted to marry her, but that I knew I had a strong attraction to big black cocks. She slept on it and called me the next day and told me that she understood and supported me. After a couple of months, she said that the whole ideal of me sucking a big black cock turned her on and she wanted to watch and join. I asked Charles, he said he was game and in my second year she joined us a few times. Charles is one of our favorite black cocks to suck on together, that why he moved in the area after his career in Europe was over."

I was stunned by his confession and intrigued. He continued, "I didn't touch a black man until I got in the pros and we drafted Avon Cooper." 

"THE FORMER MVP...the power forward?!" I asked completely surprised.

"Kevin you should see this guy, he's 6'10" and has cock 12" long and as thick as a kielbasa and he cums like a super soaker!" They put me together with him, sharing hotel rooms on the road and it just naturally happened early in our first season together. I told Lori about how huge his cock was and how delicious his cum is and before the playoffs that year she sucked him too. Lori and Avon hit it off so well, the next season I flew her out to several of our road games and either she or both of us performed on him. He still comes over whenever he plays Atlanta."

His stories were incredible but I was afraid his ability to pick up black men was going to be his undoing, like if someone in the league were to reject his advances. "Randy, why do you have to seduce the guys in the league. It might cause trouble."

"Huh?" He was perplexed with my suggestion. "Randy, you're going kill this league, its not for you to pick up black men!" I raised my voice to try to get him to understand.

"That's exactly what it's for!" I was confused. Randy continued, "Kevin, you're my friend and its time you knew the truth."

As he explained everything, I sat in amazement that I had been playing in a basketball league that actually fronted for a way for white men to meet black men for sex. When he retired and was building the club, Randy knew he wanted to continue his lifestyle of being with hung black men, he also knew there were many other white men who had the same attraction. He came up with the idea for the league to make it possible for them to hook up and have some good fun in the process. He created ads on adult interracial websites, swinger magazines and gay/bi dating services. The league would have solid rules that had to be followed and that if you broke any of them, you could be banned. Teams would consist of two black men called givers and one white player, a taker. If a team won the givers from the losing team would have their way with the taker in a room that Randy had installed in the locker room once everyone left. The stipulation is the givers call the shots and the takers have to do everything the givers want. Only the basics of sex; fucking, sucking, masturbation and massaging were allowed. Light bondage was allowed after it was ratified before the second season but not to the level of S&M. The only bodily functions that could be shared was semen and saliva, anything more was out. Verbal abuse and domination were allowed but as long as it wasn't too harsh. 
