 "This is a novel written in collaboration over the past 12 months with the lovely Bellora Quinn, who has written many more delicious tales of the sexy dancer, Xavier and his friends. Her details are on my profile page so go and check her out and give her some feedback if you enjoy this story. And we sincerely hope that you do.

"The usual terms apply; copyright for Dark Paths belongs to Sadie and Bellora. Do not take, copy, reproduce or link to this story for any reason without permission from ourselves, or we will active the surface to thieving-arse missiles in your precise direction and expand your anal sphincter in ways you've probably never imagined before. Enjoy!" -- Sadie xxx 

*

It was the rumble of Clay's husky voice, reminding him that he was not alone with the kid that stopped Rayne biting Xavier then and there. His friend's powerful hands ran up his arms to his shoulders, massaging him almost cautiously and drawing him back.  

"Take it easy, tiger!" the bigger man urged and he knew from the sudden wary edge to the man's words that he had seen enough. Rayne felt cold inside. He had known Clay long enough not to fear him but he had no idea how much of a wedge this revelation would drive into their friendship. For the moment he was just grateful that Clay had not over-reacted. Perhaps he owed that much to their history. Whatever it was, the words stayed him briefly and he moved to his knees between them, eyes closed, kissing his way down Xavier's lean, downy torso into the hot well of his groin. Half-turning he then bestowed his kisses on Barclay's powerful, sculpted triceps and abs, biting his stiff, dark nipples and letting his tongue trail down that firm, chocolate-dark body, right to the base of his shaft. He stroked Xavier's upward curving cock in one skilful hand whilst his lips worked over Clay's magnificent erection, soothing both of their anxieties simultaneously. Rayne felt his fangs recede as he concentrated determinedly on satisfying them both. 

Xavier had managed to stifle the soft whimper at being let go, and it turned into a sigh of pleasure as those long fingers wrapped around him and stroked. The sight of Rayne's soft lips stretched around Clay's dark pole was exciting, making him throb in Rayne's stroking hand. Xavier caressed his arm and Clay's taut thigh next to him. He lifted up so he could kiss his way along the back of Rayne's arm and across his shoulder and then inhaled the delicate, minty scent of his hair. His tongue came out to trace the shell of Rayne's ear while he got a closer look at the way the smaller man slid Clay deeper into his throat.

Xavier's soft moan vibrated his lips where they touched Rayne's skin. 

"Mmmm.... I can tell you like that as much as I do," Xav whispered across his ear. Trailing soft tender fingers down Rayne's smooth shoulder and supple back he circled a fingertip in the little hollow at the base of his spine. "Will you let me fuck you?"  

Rayne knelt up a little, his jaw slackening enough to release Clay so that his lips slid back to the hood of his glistening shaft. The silver stud in his tongue flickered back and forth just beneath it, making the bigger man groan hungrily as Rayne considered this proposition. From the flashes of recollection he had shared with the boy he had presumed that Xavier would be completely submissive but the urgency of that whispered suggestion told him more than a hundred fragments of memory. He was no blushing virgin and Xavier had a lovely cock. Rayne already had a good idea how it would feel inside him but even so, as he curled his hand around Clay's pulsating sex and kissed the leaking head, his green eyes slid sideways to meet Xavier's curious gaze. A little smile curved his lips as he nodded his head. 

"Sure," he whispered, a small, husky sound that was muffled as he took Clay back into his mouth and his long black lashes shuttered that acid-pale stare once more. 

"Get him ready for me, baby," Clay rumbled with a broad white smile, stroking Rayne's silken, black hair, then reaching out to caress Xavier's cheek. 

Xavier came up on his knees so he could reach Clay's lips. He kissed and bit his new friend's bottom lip lightly before moving to make a trail of kisses down Rayne's back. Such a sweet ass the singer had! He would have been happy with anything tonight, but this was a special treat.

His hands caressed over the smooth skin. He took his time with his kisses and little nips and licks until he couldn't wait any longer and ran his tongue up and down that delectable crack. His fingers circled Rayne's hips as he wriggled the hot tip of his tongue into his tight puckered hole. 

The singer quivered again, caught between the two men, engaged in a couple of his favourite activities; giving head and having his ring vigorously rimmed. Xavier's breath was quick and hot between his cheeks and the boy's tongue teased and tickled him with so much skill that he relaxed at once, reassured that he was in the hands of an expert. His lips stroked Clay's slowly pulsing shaft greedily and he ran a hand between the porn star's muscular thighs, steadily milking his heavy balls whilst rocking his arse gently back into Xavier's grasp, riding the surge of his lapping tongue. 

"Mmmmmhhhh..." he growled in a low, needy tone, hoping that the sound alone would convey his pleasure. 

It did. And it sent urgent quivers up and down Xav's back. One hand reached for the little tube of lubricant Clay had used on him earlier and left on the bed. With hardly a pause Xav replaced his wriggling wet tongue with a hot slippery finger. He knew exactly the right way to stretch and tease and curl the pad of first one and then more of his fingertips over the smooth spot inside until he knew that Rayne was more than ready. The singer moved fluidly as he was touched and teased, squirming onto his side, then sinking down on his back beneath them both, spreading himself with the flexibility of an acrobat. His head tilted back so that he could take Clay into his mouth again. Encouragingly he ran the sole of his right foot up and down over Xavier's flank as the younger man knelt between his thighs.

Xavier eased his rigid cock into the singer's snug channel steadily, but with no rush. He was always a considerate lover. He bent to kiss and nibble along Rayne's shoulders and the crook of his throat while he pulled back slowly and then drove forward again. Harder this time, because he felt that was what was desired of him; a shunt at the end of the thrust that sent quivers through them both. He fucked like he danced, smooth and hard and grinding, utterly focused on his partner.

Under him, Rayne exhaled urgently with each thrust, circling his lean hips to press down on his mate's sex each time he was impaled. Clay gripped his hair, surging between his lips in perfect synchronicity, looking down at Xavier with an appreciative smile on his dark, handsome face. 

"God you feel wonderful..." Xavier whispered over his skin as he stroked in and out of him. He dragged his lips and the tip of his tongue down Rayne's chest, tasting him and breathing him in before sucking and nibbling the stiff peaks of his nipples. Having come once and got the edge off, he could go all night... usually. But the way Rayne squeezed him and writhed under him and looked so damn sexy, taking Clay's monster down his throat, was edging him up again already. 

Warm, skilled fingers wrapped around Rayne's erection and fisted him in time with the hard thrusts of Xavier's hips. The thick shaft pulsed under Xavier's strokes, he moved his thumb repeatedly over the sensitive underside of his head, sweeping up over the tip and swirling the slick drops of pre-cum around the ultra soft skin there.

His teeth grazed the taut nipple in his mouth, sucking hard, and then his tongue laved it. His breath was hot over the wet spot he made when he lifted his mouth. What an erotic picture, this beautiful creature under him, his body gripping him so tightly... Xavier's hand moved a little faster, the deep thrust of his hips quickening. 

"... oohh, baby, I can't wait to make you come again!" he breathed in a husky timbre. 

Rayne Wylde made a small sound that could have been agreement but could also just have been forced out of him by the urgency of his mates' thrusting cocks. In Xavier's hand his erection jumped violently and a spill of pearly pre-cum seeped from the straining slit. His head tipped right back between Clay's legs so that he could rub his cute little nose against the black stud's enormous, low-hanging balls. At once the bigger man eased up off him whispering; "Uhhhh... suck 'em for me, honey!" 

Clay knelt over Rayne on the bed, his muscular body and ebony skin glistening with moisture as the singer's soft, skilful lips drew gently on the looser flesh of his shaven ball sac and his jaws parted wider, swallowing those big hot nuts one at a time.

Rayne lifted both his legs, scissoring them around Xavier's lean body as the younger man pulsed between his thighs. He pulled Xav into him urgently as he rode on the beautiful dancer's straining cock and his vigorously pumping hand. A long, low, needy groan escaped him, along with another slow flood of semen. Rayne's sex twitched violently again in Xavier's sticky hand and his slender body contracted fiercely around the fabulous member scratching an itch of need, so deep inside him. He cried out again, with less inhibition this time, almost ready to explode for the delicious stroking sensation in his loins. 

The hand touching him so expertly slowed, slid down around his shaft, more like a caress then a stroke now, easing him back from the edge. Xavier's warm tongue traced lazy teasing circles around his nipples.

Such lovely pale cool flesh wrapped around him, Xavier thought. He had to wonder how Rayne could be so cool when he was burning up. He slowed his rhythm for a minute... two, and then slowly began to build once more, driving harder and faster until they were close. Then he changed pace again. He kept up the tease, bringing them up and easing them down several more times and he found to his delight that after a time he'd warmed his lover up quite well. 

He could keep this going; he was after all trained by some of the best, and he loved to give pleasure, but the sexy little moans and soft sounds of delight emitted by his lover had gone from needy to nearly frustrated. Xav knew the steel-hard pole in his pumping fist was aching for release... not to mention that his own need was getting almost unbearable. 

This time when he built the pace to a heated, frantic frenzy he didn't back down. He spread his knees, changing his angle to drive that much deeper into Rayne. He warped one arm around Rayne tightly, pulling him in with each thrust. Bending his head and bowing his body, his lips sucked at the tender skin of Rayne's throat as his hips bucked and a light sheen of sweat turned his tanned skin to honey gold. 

"...Mmmrrrrrrraaaaaaaah!!" The scream was muffled into the side of Rayne's throat as Xavier spilled his hot young seed into the tight sheath gripping him. 

"Rrrrrrrrrggggghhhhhhh... yeaaaaahhhhh!" Clay roared, exploding into the singer's mouth, unable to hold back any longer. 

Rayne tried to find words as Clay pulled out of his cream-filled maw but discovered he'd forgotten how to speak. He swallowed hard instead, fighting to catch every last trickle and spurt of salty goodness from his friend's clenching balls. He was shuddering uncontrollably as Xavier bent over him, his knees drawn back and his heels pressed into the dancer's naked back just below his shoulder blades, bracing himself hard as he felt boy's thrusts quicken inside him again. The young dancer had not lost his erection and he was not slowing this time; nor showing any signs of stopping at all, in fact. His clever tongue was sending delicious tendrils of electricity from Rayne's erect and painfully sensitive nipples to his bucking groin. Clay had moved around behind the blond and was slowly rubbing against him now, running that big, wet, slippery love muscle up and down between Xavier's pert cheeks as he watched them bobbing urgently between the singer's slim thighs. 

Amazingly Clay was showing no signs of wilting either, even though men had been known to drown in less fluid than he had just ejected from that powerful tool.

"Jesusssss!" Rayne growled, his tongue still greedily seeking out every last trickle of cum in and around his mouth as he felt Xavier's clever hand pulling vigorously on his twitching cock again. The head of the boy's gorgeous fuck rod was impacting on his sweet spot with every thrust and sending powerful aftershocks through his loins that almost drove him crazy with desire. "Uuuuhhhhhhh... sweet fucking Jeeeesus!" 

He tried hard to keep his jaws together as Xavier curled into him, licking and nuzzling at his neck. Even with his face turned right into the pillow he could still feel the blond all over him, rubbing him and touching him outside and in until he wanted to scream because it felt so good. Xavier smelled so hot and delicious and the pounding of his heart driving the blood through his young body was like a tribal drum beat in Rayne's head. 

The cum had just been an appetiser, and he knew it. As Xavier stabbed up hard inside him and held his hot cock in there, flooding him again with his invasive heat, Rayne felt his body jolt furiously. He exploded in the boy's hand sucking in a sharp breath that whistled like a boiling kettle in his throat, a long, sharp, helpless keening note that shook him physically from head to toe. He was out of control and he knew it. The waves just kept coming and he gripped Xavier's shoulder and his damp blond hair tightly in both hands as the massive sexual quake rocked his senses. Xavier's face was buried in the hollow of his neck and he did not see the impulsive extension of his mate's magnificent dogteeth. The first he knew of them was when Rayne Wylde sank them smoothly into his jugular and began to suck ravenously on his slender neck. 

Xavier felt the sharp canines sink into him on a sort of distant level. The endorphins pumping through him after such an explosive climax had him almost high. He hung limply in the Vampire's tight embrace, if not between his legs. Each draw of that succulent mouth seemed to pulse through him and made the little aftershocks in his still-hard cock throb.

He moaned, melting against Rayne, pliant and submissive; too caught up in the delicious warmth to worry over much about such things as blood loss. The love bite was actually very erotic. He moved his head slightly, stretching the long line of his neck and opening the wound ever so slightly more, sending a hot gush of thick blood into the Vampire's eager mouth.

Rayne stretched and undulated against Xavier like a lithe little cat rubbing up for attention. He rolled the blond onto his side and moved up over him, trying to contain the fountain of crimson that erupted from the bite. Generally he tried to ascertain with a bedmate if he or she had any issues with blood clotting but it was a bit too late for that now. Clay, who had been vigorously stretching Xavier's ring again, his view of all this obscured by the curve of the young dancer's naked back, now protested a little at the shift of position. His murmured objection tailed off as he spotted the steady stream of blood that ran down the blond kid's bare chest from the point where Rayne was hungrily kissing his neck. 

"Holy Jesus!" the big guy whispered in horror. "What in fuck's name are you doing to him?"

Xavier's arms slipped from around Rayne's body, falling bonelessly to the bedspread. He paled under the tan of his skin, and the body that was so hot moments before began to feel cool. A little whimper escaped him as he teetered on the brink between conscious and unconscious. That strange dark pull he felt with Rayne was sucking him under like a tide pool he couldn't escape. Drowning! He felt like he was drowning in heavy syrup, so sweet he didn't care. 

Each pump of his strong heart sent a new glut of blood, and a fresh string of memories. It was as if his life was laid out, bared, fanned like the pages of a gritty, tragic book for Rayne. 

The Vampire's consciousness flashed on a beautiful young woman with pretty blue eyes, the same as her cute, blond son's. She took him to see the ballet and he loved to watch the dancers; transfixed by their lithe, flexible bodies and the bright colours and exotic plumes of their stage garb. He was torn from that bright spot of happiness into a dark pit of pain and despair. A hard hand held him face down on a mattress; his mother's boyfriend's hand. He was a kid, maybe eight years old. He couldn't see much in the dark room but he could feel the dirty bastard's hands on him, smell the stale scent of tobacco and beer and sweat. 

That was replaced by another horror. This time he was thirteen, kneeling on the living room floor, panic gripping him. His mother lay unmoving, unresponsive as he tried to bring her 'round. She was cold, not breathing; the belt still tight around her upper arm, a blood-filled syringe hanging limply from the crook of her elbow. This mainline was her last.

There was a swirl of half-remembered faces; social workers, then a foster family. In an attic bedroom an older boy gripped his hair and pumped his cock down his throat. He hated the boy and wanted him desperately at the same time, the throb in his groin a hard guilty ache.

The memories started to speed with his heartbeat. Only tiny snatches coming now in a rushing tumble. Money and drugs coming easy; a great many faceless older men eager to open their wallets and their pants; it all rushed past in a warm tide. Rayne fell back from Xavier, on his knees, catching his breath although he knew it was not even necessary. Some habits were hard to break. His pulse was racing with the young dancer's as he touched his lips to the bite wound that was already healing on the boy's neck, stunned by the memories; unsure for a moment if he was seeing Xavier's past or his own.

Then Clay's powerful hands were on his shoulders, not consoling but pulling him clear of the kid and virtually throwing him off the bed. Rayne bit his tongue and the insides of his mouth involuntarily as he crashed to the floor and the bigger man sprang up to loom over him. Barclay might not be a young man but he was still no weakling. 

"What the hell did you do to him, you crazy bitch?" he yelled, shaking his head as the slender Englishman reeled on the sumptuous rug at his feet. 

Rayne was struggling to stay calm, though he raged inside at this rough handling as the memories that were not his own still jostled in his head. He knew there was still blood on his face from the bite and tried to wipe it away. 

"He's gonna be okay," he slurred, still feeling drunk from the rush of emotionally charged images. "I didn't hurt him."

He was used to some transference during a feed but the pictures in his head were rarely this strong. Usually he could block them out if he chose to. Either Xavier was a potent empath or the similarity of his past recollections to Rayne's own had broken through his emotional shields. He could not be sure without talking to the boy. 

"Go check on him. It's nothing more than a scratch, I swear!" 

Clay was already turning back to the pale, breathless blond boy on his bed, concern in his dark eyes; his erection rapidly wilting. Behind him Rayne slumped supine on the floor for a moment, closing his eyes and willing his pulse to slow down. 

Xavier vaguely felt the hands on him. Soft, gentle hands, and so warm. The fingers touched his throat and he winced a bit. Must be the biggest hickey ever. He opened his eyes and tried to focus. His pupils were dilated so far they must be dark pools, ringed with blue. Everything looked gray and slightly fuzzy around the edges.
