 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Viktor was in the library again, probably reading through a book he'd undoubtedly read a dozen times or more. He liked reading though. He could lose himself in a book and be transported anywhere in the world. It was a way to escape, a way to explore, and a way to interact with someone, anyone. It would be so nice just to see another living person, talk with them, touch them. The isolation and solitude of his existence was beginning to wear him down; not to mention the monotony of each day, identical to the last, blending in with one another into a massive fog of sameness.

He wasn't really alone. Alexander was there of course. But how long could he look at the same person day after day without starting to feel at least a little tired of them? He was becoming tired of Alexander. Not to the point where he could say that he honestly hated his brother, but just tired of listening to the same complaints and the same mind-numbingly tedious bouts of despair that had seemed to plague the younger man over the past few decades. His laments weren't without merit. It's just that Viktor had heard them all before. The song remained the same and it was seriously time to change the fucking record.

Alexander was standing in the doorway now, watching Viktor. The dour look on his face masking the beauty that was hidden beneath. The fire had gone out of his once bright, illuminating, emerald eyes. He looked smaller somehow, more fragile. His frame more slender than in the first few decades of their captivity. He barely ate anymore and had taken to sleeping away the hours. He looked more pitiful than ever standing there. His head leaning against the door frame. His shoulders slouching and his pink lips drooped into a frown.

Viktor sighed and slammed his book closed. "What, Alexander?" He groaned. "What is it you want now?"

Alexander's eyes dropped to the floor as he crossed his arms over his chest. "You've been in here for hours." He whispered.

"And?" Viktor raised an eyebrow.

Alexander shrugged as he kicked at the carpet a bit. "I was starting to get lonely."

Viktor set the book aside then stood. This same routine was getting old but still, he couldn't ever bring himself to be angry with Alexander, not really. The boy wasn't as strong as Viktor was, and he wasn't to blame for the curse that bound them to the family manor. In some ways Viktor supposed it was his own guilt that kept him going. His guilt over what had happened so long ago, and the need to protect his sibling, even if only from himself.

Viktor took Alexander in his arms and pulled him against him, crushing their bodies together. "I'm sorry I've been neglecting you." He told him. "I suppose I was just lost in my books."

"That's nothing new." Alexander said somberly.

Viktor smiled somewhat. Alexander was so dreary it was almost adorable. Viktor couldn't help but be slightly amused by his gloomy outlook and self pity. It was one of his more endearing qualities.

"Alright little brother, what do you propose we do today?" Viktor grinned as he put an arm around Alexanders shoulders and led him from the library. "Lunch in the garden perhaps? It's a beautiful day. The sun is bright, the air warm, and the aroma of lilac and roses pervades the air."

"I'm not hungry." Alexander sighed woefully.

"Oh come now. It's been days sense you've eaten anything. I'll fix us something scrumptious and then we can enjoy a wonderful meal together, just the two of us."

"It's always, just the two of us." Alexander said.

Viktor nodded. "I know." He agreed, speaking softly, reminiscent of their fate. "I know."

Viktor had spoke the truth. It was a beautiful, warm, day. Such a day would make nearly anyone happy. Anyone except Alexander that is. He'd seen his share of beautiful days as well as stormy days, snowy days, and all the dark and chilled nights that followed. It seemed that nothing brought him joy any longer. He'd read all the books that he could stomach. Tasted about every manner of food he could think of, indulged in every flavor of wine known to him, and still nothing would satisfy. He grew weary of the endless days, the years that dragged on, and the constant repetition of his bleak and meaningless existence.

"Your birthday is tomorrow." Viktor reminded him as he sat a plate of food before Alexander. "How would you like to celebrate it?"

Alexander looked up, cocking an eyebrow. "With my death." He grumbled.

Viktor rolled his eyes. "You're droll yet somewhat morbid sense of humor never ceases to amaze me brother."

"I wasn't joking." Alexander picked up one of the sandwiches that Viktor had prepared and bit into it.

"I know." Viktor sighed as he sat down. "Unfortunately, that's one request which is beyond my power."

Alexander sighed heavily. "More's the pity."

"I was thinking I could make you breakfast, then maybe we could go for a walk down by the pond. It's been a while since we'd gone swimming together. I used to love to swim. When you were a child you'd beg me to take you to the beach every summer. I remember one year you buried yourself in the sand up to your neck. When I brought you home it was in your suit and in your hair. Mother was so angry. It took her hours to wash it all out."

"I remember us getting yelled at and send to bed without dinner."

"True, but it was a fun day. You have to admit that at least."

Alexander shrugged. "It was I guess. Been so long ago I barely remember it. I was only what, six or seven at the time?"

"You were six. I was barely twelve. But it was a grand summer. The last good one we ever had."

"That was the summer before father died."

Viktor nodded. "Mother was happy then. Despite our constant shenanigans. I never saw her smile though after he passed on. It's like all the joy and happiness inside of her died with him."

"I know the feeling."

"Oh perk up." Viktor smiled and tried to lighten the mood. "Back to your birthday. I'll make you anything you wish for dinner and then we can order a movie. It will be the perfect end to the perfect day."

"What's the point?" Alexander looked across the table to Viktor, locking eyes with him. "After 180 years what's the point, Viktor? I still look eighteen even though I'm 162 years old. Nothing changes. This house never changes, the grounds we live on never change, we never change. What's the point in celebrating something that's essentially meaningless?"

Viktor glared at Alexander then pushed himself away from the table and stood up. "It's something to break the monotony of each dreary fucking day! That's the point. Because I'm trying to find something, anything, that will wipe that fucking sad and frankly, aggravating look off your face! That's the point! And because, I thought maybe for one day, one blasted, God-forbidden day, we could pretend that we were normal and not trapped in this hell of a cursed existence! That's that fucking point!"

Alexander cringed at Viktor's outburst. "I'm sorry Viktor. I didn't mean to make you angry. I just don't feel like celebrating something that I despise."

"You despise your birthday?"

"No..." Alexander shook his head. "Time. I despise time. We have far too much of it. I just want it to end."

Viktor's expression softened. He put his arms around Alexander and embraced him tight. "I know." He whispered. "I'm sorry Alex, I wish I could change things. I wish I could do something to ease your pain."

Alexander nodded as he squeezed Viktor's hand. "I don't blame you." He said softly. "We both played a part in what happened. We're both to blame for the result."

"But if it wasn't for me...it never would have happened."

____________________________________________________________________

Viktor was 24. Alexander had just turned 18. They'd always been close. Perhaps, in retrospect, that had been their downfall. When Viktor had met Nora things changed for him. He was completely smitten with her and knew at once that she was the girl he was going to marry. She was a beautiful, petite, young thing with long golden hair and bright blue eyes. Her parent's weren't wealthy, not like Viktor's had been, but that didn't matter to him in the least. He was in love.

When Viktor announced his engagement it didn't set well with Alexander. He'd been jealous of his brother's relationship from the beginning but he'd always hoped that it was just a phase he was going through. After all, the other girls that Viktor had dated never amounted to more than just a summer fling. Nora was different though. Viktor worshiped the ground that she walked on. He would do anything for her, anything at all. The closer they became the less time he had to spend with his family, especially with Alexander which enraged the boy.

Viktor had encouraged Alexander to find a girl of his own but courting women never seemed to interest Alexander. Viktor actually began to wonder if his little brother even liked women at all. Alexander had never found a girl that sparked his fancy, he'd never even had a lover. At least not to Viktor's knowledge. This concerned Viktor greatly. Once he was married, who would take care of Alexander? The boy had never been good at taking care of himself. He was naive for one thing. Way too trusting and that sort of thing seemed to get him into trouble more often than not.

Alexander was intelligent enough but he didn't seem to have a lot of common sense, and he certainly didn't understand how the world worked. Viktor blamed himself for this. He'd sheltered the boy too much. His fear of allowing Alexander to be hurt had ultimately restricted his ability to grow and mature. Even as an adult he maintained a child-like innocence that was both charming and dangerous. Dangerous, because Alexander never understood the evils that the world could be capable of.

With the arrival of Nora into their lives, Alexander was for the first time ever, left on his own. At first he didn't even understand his own feelings. The once delightful, and caring child was suddenly filled with a bitter sense of abandonment that fueled his rage. Without Viktor around to soothe and calm Alexander's fears, his anger was left unchecked and soon became a darkness that neither brother had ever expected.

The closer the wedding date came, the more Alexander had allowed the darkness to consume him. Soon ill thoughts began to fill his mind. Viktor never even realized how bad it had gotten. He was too busy with wedding preparations and making certain that his bride to be was perfectly happy and content. Alexander on the other would watch them from the shadows, angry and hurt. He grew to hate Nora and eventually his hate manifested itself into something horrible.

That was when the depression really began to take hold. Even before the events that would curse their doomed existence. Alexander became withdrawn and always angry. His sweet demeanor melted away and became tainted with animosity. He started having thoughts of harming himself, or even ending his life. He couldn't bear the thought of anyone being more important to Viktor than he himself had been. In Alexander's mind, he'd been forgotten; and for him, that was something worse than death. It wasn't until Alexander met someone new that his outlook on life began to change.

He was a boy around Alexanders age, new to town, but he seemed pleasant and Viktor was glad that Alexander had found a friend. He had so few to begin with. The boy's name was Julian. He was well educated, obviously from a family that was well to do. A true gentleman and with good upbringing. It was true that Viktor had hoped Alexander would have found a young girl with whom to occupy his time but by now Viktor was almost certain that that was never going to happen.

He wasn't disappointed though. If Alexander was happy then that's all that really mattered to him and Alexander did seem happier. Viktor warned him though to be careful when in public as such things weren't widely accepted at that time. Alexander dismissed him with obvious disdain. "Worry about your own affairs." He'd snapped at his older brother. Viktor disliked the tone he'd taken with him but he figured it was just his age and need for independence that caused him to speak to his brother in such a way. 

Still, Viktor couldn't allow rumors to spread and ruin his families good name. Especially with Nora intending to become a part of that family. Such a scandal could prove devastating for the couple and that, Viktor would not stand for.

As Alexander and Julian's relationship began to cause speculation Viktor knew that he had to do something. He pulled the two aside, intending to speak with them both about his concerns. They were spending far too much time together and had even been seen kissing each other in public. Those types of things would have to stop, Viktor told them. If they couldn't control themselves any better than that, then Viktor would have to insist that they not see each other anymore.

This of course did not sit well with Alexander. He wasn't about to let Viktor tell him who he could and could not spend time with. For the first time in his life, Alexander hated his brother. He hated that he had chosen Nora over him. He hated that Viktor had all but excluded him from his life, and he hated that he was now trying to drive off the one person that actually made Alexander happy, and might possibly love. Of course there was nothing that Alexander could do. With the death of their father, Viktor had become the head of the family and as the older brother, he was in charge.

Julian wasn't going to let Alexander go though and so he convinced him to run away with him. The two had planned to leave the night before Viktor's wedding. For Alexander, that was the ultimate insult to Viktor. He knew if Viktor was forced to choose between Nora and Alexander that he would of course choose Nora so Alexander opted to leave on his own and with Julian, rather than be present on the day that he was to lose his brother to Nora forever.

The two boys purchased seats on the train and were prepared to leave when Nora came to Alexander's room, ready to beg him to reconcile with Viktor who was distraught over the fight they'd had earlier. When Nora had arrived at Alexander's room though she caught he and Julian in an intimate encounter. Nora was horrified and disgusted. Alexander begged her not to tell anyone what she had seen but she threatened to go straight to Viktor. Fearing what Viktor would do, Alexander went after Nora. He only wanted to stop her from talking but after a brief struggle, Nora lost her footing on the stairs and fell, breaking her neck in the process.

Alexander was terrified. He stared at Nora's lifeless body and his entire body began to shake. Julian ran up to him, hearing the screams from down the hall. He stopped short seeing the body and caught his breath in his throat. "What did you do?" He gasped.

Alexander looked up, tearful as he tried to explain what had happened.

"We have to go." Julian told him. "Now, we have to leave now! Others would have heard her scream. You can't be anywhere near here when they find the body."

He pulled Alexander away and they left for the train as planned. Alexander couldn't even think straight. He hated the girl but he never wanted anything like this. He'd never once thought of killing her. He knew how much that would hurt Viktor and that was something he'd never do, not intentionally. He just couldn't believe that things had come to this. Now he was fleeing the only home he'd ever known and the only family he had left. He was devastated to think that he could never come back, never see his brother again.

As the carriage raced to the train depot Alexander thought of all the wonderful times he and Viktor had had together. For the first time since he and Julian had planned to leave together he was having second thoughts about the entire thing. If he could go back, explain to Viktor that it was an accident, tell him exactly what had happened; Maybe he would forgive him. Maybe.

They reached the train with plenty of time to spare and found their cabin easy enough. Julian felt relief as soon as they were seated but not Alexander. His heart was racing and he suddenly felt as if he were going to be sick. The conductor went down the isles calling for tickets. The train was loaded and the departure time was upon them. Julian looked out the window nervously as he waited.

"We aren't moving." He announced, checking his watch. "Why aren't we moving?"

Alexander looked around, not sure what was happening. There was some commotion in the corridor outside of their cabin. Suddenly the door flew open and Alexander looked up, a look of pure horror crossed his young face as Viktor came into the cabin.

"You..." Viktor hissed at him. Alexander cringed, slinking down into his seat. He'd never seen Viktor so enraged, so...out of his mind. That was the only description he could think of. Viktor did look out of his mind. He was a mad man and he was out for blood.

"Why?" He screamed as he lunged forward, grabbing Alexander by the collar of his shirt. "Why her!"

"Please!" Alexander whimpered. "It was an accident, I didn't mean to..."

"I'll kill you!" Viktor screamed, "Do you hear me? I'll kill you!"

Julian jumped to his feet, ready to defend Alexander but Viktor back handed him across the face hard, sending the boy flying into the window. He pulled Alexander to his feet and shook him fiercely.

"Viktor!" Alexander gasped, "Viktor, you're scaring me!"

"Good!" Viktor yelled. "I'll put the fear of God into you boy! You're going to pay for this. I swear to God I will make you pay for this!"

He suddenly flung Alexander into the corridor and Alexander scrambled to get on his feet again but Viktor was on him in a second, hitting him over and over again. Alexander could see the pain and hate in his eyes and he knew in that instant that his brother meant to kill him. At this point Alexander would have welcomed death but to his utter surprise, Viktor was suddenly pulled off of him by the conductor and two police officers.

"Let me go!" Viktor howled in rage. "Let me kill him!"

Alexander sat on the floor, a crying heap as Viktor was pulled away from him. "I hate you." Viktor screamed. "I wish to God you'd never been born!"

Julian rushed to Alexanders side and tried to comfort him. They embraced each other, crying into each others arms as the other men attempted to calm Viktor down.

Alexander was vaguely aware of a third police officer speaking to him. "We have to take you both in for questioning." The officer was saying.

Alexander pleaded with them not to separate him and Julian. The two boys clung to each other, crying and pleading as the police officers struggled to pull them apart. They were both taken to the court house and questioned for hours. Alexander told them over and over again what had happened. He told them everything and eventually it was determined that it was an accident. Nora had fallen while running away from Alexander and had died as a result of the fall. Alexander was taken back to his family home and released back into Viktor's custody.

Exhausted and frightened, Alexander walked into the house under the scrutinizing gaze of his older brother. He wiped at his eyes and whimpered. "I'll go, if that's what you want."

"And where exactly will you go?" Viktor asked him. His accusing stare burning into the boy. "Are you still planning to run away with that...that immoral child?"

Alexander nodded slowly. "We'll leave tonight. You'll never see me again, I promise. Just please...don't do anything that you'll regret later."

Viktor laughed bitterly. "Like killing you? Do you think I'd regret that? Honestly, nothing would give me more joy right now then to snap your neck where you stand, but I won't do that. I want you to suffer." He grabbed Alexander by his long, black locks and pulled him forward so that they stood, face to face, eyes locked. "You, my little brother, are never to see Julian again. In fact, you won't be seeing anyone for a very long while."
