 (Intro) 

This is a continuation of "Patti Cake"... Where it seems our heroine Dale Horn has been duped again by his Mother and girlfriend... They wanted him to experience the gay way of life and with the help of his two mentors -Darren and Dean -- our friend Dale went up to the fishing lodge for the weekend where they all had a gay-old-time... 

This is 100% fantasy -- made up and not real... Also, if you find any errors -- my bad for self-editing... Other wise... Enjoy! 

************************************************************************************* 

Darren & Dean do Dale 

1 

Gay Bait 

"Dale Horn... Please come to the office... Phone call for Dale Horn..." I heard coming across the P.A. inside the Green Grocer... 

Not an entirely un-usual thing really, me being called like this over the tannoy, the loud speaker at work. Normally it was just a supplier on the phone or someone from corporate wanting some data on whatever was on sale... 

But not this time... This time it was neither... 

"Hello... Dale Horn speaking how may I help you..? I asked in my usual work greeting over the phone... 

"Dale..! Little Buddy..! How are ya' man..?" 

I swallowed hard; I knew who it was straight away... 

"Uh-uh... Oh uh... Hi D-Darren... Umm... What can I do for you..?" I asked with my voice shaking and with a cold shiver running up my back. 

I felt completely caught off guard and embarrassed as I stood in the upper work office with the glassed in widows overseeing the entire store and also, with two of my colleagues standing nearby, I felt my pulse racing, it was like I was being exposed in a way -- like my 'other' life and this, my work-life --they were colliding over the telephone. 

"What can you do for me Dale..? Oh man... Where do I start..?" Darren came back saying with a laugh to his voice... 

"I'm just kidding you little buddy... "But listen, the reason I'm calling is to tell you that you'll be coming up to the fishing lodge this weekend with Dean and me..." Darren said then, telling me why he was calling and leaving me stymied and to question as I felt another wave of panicked chills washing over me. 

All of a sudden I felt a somewhat nauseous and sat down in my office chair, swivelling away in the high-backed chair so that I couldn't really be seen or heard by anyone around me... 

"Oh uh... I -- I am..?" Was pretty much all I could stammer out while also keeping my voice low as Darren then went on to explain further, letting me know what he had planned for us, or had planned for me as it would seem -with him more so telling me I was going fishing, rather than to ask. 

"Yeah man, you know I'm sending the girls to Vegas for a conference..." Darren began, and I did know of this trip Patti and Carol had planned. 

"Anyway, they asked me if Jen could tag along with them and of course I said sure, yeah no problem so fortunately for you... You won't be left all alone... You'll have us two men to look after you for three days..!" Darren added then, sounding quite pleased but of course, I was still left out in the weeds again and also left shaking as I sat there. 

I was nervous, really nervous what with the way he was saying that there would be just the 'two-men' and that also; they would be 'looking after me'..? 

I didn't want to believe where I knew that this could all be heading, I was just so caught off guard and standing in work -so it was no wonder I was a bit freaked out with this out-of the blue phone call. 

"Oh uh... Okay well, you know that's the long weekend right..?" I answered without really knowing why I'd made mention of this useless fact... I mean there was no relevance, or no reason to state that it was long weekend, it was obvious but I was nervous as hell... I guess I was just trying to put up any kind of road block that I could when thinking that 'two-men' were going to have an extra day... 'Taking care of me'... 

Call it a survival move where in my sub conscious mind I was looking for a way out, a way of protecting myself because I did feel backed into a corner -- trapped. 

"Yeah of course I know it's a long weekend -and I also know that you're not working..." Darren countered my dumb remark, telling me he knew of my availability. 

"I checked with your Mom -- Jen and she said that the schedule on your refrigerator door says you're off until Wednesday afternoon -so you have no excuses little buddy... You are coming fishing..!" Darren replied and sounding like he had all of the angles covered, including what it sounds like was him covertly sending my Mom into my half of the house to find my work roster -- which as it happens, I do keep taped to my refrigerator door and change it every month when the new one comes out. 

"Umm... Okay well, I guess fishing might be fun... I can't say I've ever been fishing or on a boat even, but I guess there is a first for everything right..?" I said then -and right away cursed myself for saying it like that... 

A first for everything? - I don't think I could have held the door open for him any wider... 

"Yeah that's right Dale-baby... A lot of firsts..." Darren said then as we both paused, my heart was in my throat. 

Hearing him call me 'Dale-baby' like he had while we were all sexed up and drinking at the pool party, it did send another shiver down my spine because when he had called me that name the first few times, he was being very dominant and even condescending --and here he was saying it again. 

"Okay little buddy, I'll pick you up at work tomorrow afternoon, you're shift finishes at 4p.m. and Dale...Pack light just some shorts and t-shirts, stuff like that, everything else I'll already have up there at the lodge..." Darren went on, again 'telling' me when my shift ends, like they've been doing surveillance on me or something... But then there was my Mom, working in his corner. 

"Uh... Oh -- Okay... I don't know what to say, this is all kind of sudden and uhh sorry Darren, uh Sir... I didn't mean to sound like I didn't want to go... You -- you just caught me a little off guard but... Umm it seems you guys have this all worked out so... "I said then stammering out a reply where I felt like I should be apologizing to him for some reason. 

And also, I couldn't believe I called him 'Sir' as well... Where that came from? I had no idea... Okay, well yes I did have an idea but I didn't want to admit it... 

"That's okay little buddy, don't worry, I know I kind sprung this on in the last minute but the girls flew out this morning so I wanted to get to you quick..." Darren started but then, to my greater fear, he chose to focus on what I had said, my apology and yes, my showing my respect in calling him Sir. 

"And also Dale..? Don't worry about your attitude either, we'll have that straightened out right away, you'll see -and lastly little buddy..?" Darren said me, really putting me on edge but then questioned, just saying his name for me... 

"Y-yeah..?' I stammered... 

"I like when you call me Sir... It reminds of my girls and the respect they show me... You respect me too don't you little buddy..? Dale-baby..?" 

I didn't know what to say other than to answer him how I believed he wanted me to... "Y-yes... Yes Sir..." I stuttered out again, huddled in my chair, the phone held impossibly close as I muttered my reply. 

"That's good Dale-baby... I glad that we understand each other little buddy... Be ready at 4p.m." 

And then he was gone, no good-buy or even "See ya later alligator"... Just 'click' and he was gone... 

*** 

Holding the phone away from my ear but not hanging it up, I sat there kind of stunned while looking vacant out into the grocery store from my perch on high, but I swear, in that moment, the place could have been held up at gun point by a gang of masked men and I wouldn't have even noticed... I was somewhere else... Certainly not in work... For that moment - I was in my sub-space... 

Even over the phone, with just a suggestion Darren had me, I felt like we were back out on the pool deck again where I was his, willing and ready to do anything for him... Hell I would have let him fuck me right there in front of everyone -and that's how I felt then standing in the upper office of the Green Grocer with a dead phone in my hand droning out a distant dial tone... 

Of course I was a total wreck for the rest of the day, but thankfully, Darren's phone call had come at around 3p.m. so it was only a couple of hours where I found myself completely lost and out of sorts in work. Even one of the cashiers noticed with Cindy saying to me ... "Dale you should go home, you don't look so good... What the matter? Did you get some bad news or something..?" 

"Ah... Ah no, I'll be fine..." I answered while not paying attention and still looking off into space and trying to digest this newest turn of events in my rapidly changing life... The one that everyone else seems to be in charge of, except me...  

I was alone that evening; Mom had already left with Patti and Carol on their trip to Las Vegas for this conference and whatever else they would get up to in a place called 'Sin-City'... So needless to say I didn't have anyone I could go and talk to about this latest turn of events. 

However, all was not completely lost for me because once I did arrive home and came into my kitchen, there on the table was a hand written note from my Mom. 

It read... 

"Hi Dale! I'm off on our trip to Vegas! It was so nice of the girls to invite me... I know this is going to be so much fun! I can't wait and I'll take lots of pictures for you! 

Or not!! Ha-ha! Just kidding... 

Anyway, I know all about your fishing trip with the men so to save you some time, I've packed a small bag for you; it's beside your bed... 

I know you're not the greatest swimmer so please be careful when on any boats out fishing and stay close to either Darren or Dean, they will take very good care of you! 

Okay sweetie, love you and be good, do what the men say and I'll see you in 3 days!! 

Love, Mom xoxo 

There was also a Post Script... 

P.S. Honey, be sure to wear the new panties and top I've left out for you! 

Reading that last part, her post script -- it sent a shiver down my spine in reminding me just what I was being led into on this trip up to Darren's fishing lodge. Nervous again, I made my way towards my bedroom... 

Reaching the door and pushing it open, there sure enough was one of my small travel cases, the ones with the collapsible handle and little tiny wheels. And also, there, sure enough on top -what should I see..? 

"Oh Mom..." I said aloud with a sigh. Not sounding completely disappointed, no I loved what was sitting there on top of my little red suitcase... I just wasn't too sure if bright, almost neon pink was the right colour to be wearing on a fishing trip... 

And then, even worse... Once I had made my way over and held up the small, girl's -pink, sleeveless muscle shirt it was the printed words on the front that had me thinking and saying "Oh God..." 

Because there, printed in big white lettering on the ultra pink back ground was the slogan... 

"Catch of the Day!" 

"Very funny Mom..." I said out loud imagining her and Patti snickering at this very moment... 

I mean, I didn't know if I could wear the top... The matching pink, full panel panties? Maybe, if I wore jeans or even my denim shorts... 

You know..? The really short ones Mom also made for me? 

But this top..? With that saying splashed across the front..? On this fishing trip in particular..? 

Even then I could feel the butterflies beginning their attack from inside my stomach, just from imagining myself wearing this top with this slogan "Catch of the Day!" printed across the front in big bubble shaped letters -and also with a big fat exclamation point at the end... 

I was feeling edgier than ever with this up-coming fishing trip that everyone 'again' seemed to be in on except me --and where it also looked more like I wasn't going to be the "Catch of the Day!" but rather I was just going to be their bait... 

Yeah... Their bait alright... But more like their 'gay-bait' is what I was thinking... 

Holding up the thin, feather weight top I could see my hands shaking as I looked and wondered how I was going to survive not only the next 24hrs or so -- but also this 3-day long fishing trip where it was looking like I had no say in my participation -- no matter what that involved -what so ever. 

Needing to keep myself occupied I spent part of the evening doing things that had little or nothing to do with Mom, Patti, Darren, sex or lingerie -- but I'll say, it wasn't easy. 

I spent a few hours cleaning, doing stuff I'd been putting off and eating? -that was a bust... 

Once I had cooked and cleaned up after myself, I sat there in front of the T.V. picking at my plate and not paying attention at all to the ball game I thought I'd watch knowing it would use up a few hours... But I must have been very good at fooling myself -because never in my life have I watched and entire baseball game... 

Showering before bed, I went through an automatic routine that saw me going over myself with a lady shaver, just to be sure everything was as smooth and hair-free as I could get myself --and as erotic as this procedure is, there was no doubt that I'd usually end up having a quick 'wanky-wank' while under the hot showers spry... 

-- But not this night... 

This night I once more chose to abstaining think that if I did cum my libido would slip and I'd surely worry more because as of that moment, about the only thing holding me together was my sex-drive and to remove that, even temporarily, I'd never sleep... 

Yet even after saving myself, abstaining from any 'self-love'... I still tossed and turned, rolling the conversation with Darren over in my head and also, reading Mom's note several times earlier in the evening, it took me quite some time, thinking and speculating all kinds of nightmarish scenarios before I finally wrestled myself t sleep, and then... Waking some hours later to my alarm clocks warning, I still felt like I hadn't slept a wink... 

Having a quick 'wake-me-up'- running through a hot shower, I nibbled at some toast while drinking my coffee black and thinking about what I should do with my small suitcase. 

I didn't want to bring it into work with me just in case it went missing or something happened to it, so I decided that I'd leave it at home thinking that Darren could drop me back here to change out of my work clothes and grab the overnight bag before we headed off to where ever this fishing lodge was -- off in the wilds somewhere -- somewhere where they'll never hind my body... 

Of course I was over exaggerating everything as well. I knew that no real harm would come to me, but still, I couldn't help but feel like I was going to be eaten alive by these two men -- Darren and Dean... 

And of course I was met with yet another endless day in work... 

I'd been working in the Green Grocer for 20yrs and this was without a doubt the longest of them all. Not even waiting and anticipating for Patti to pick me up on the day of the pool party did a day feel longer than this... But of course, this one was a just that much different -- wasn't it..? 

Yet as time did pass -as it has a way of doing, the afternoon was upon me and so too was my rising fear and apprehension. Or maybe it was excitement... 

It was hard to describe what I was feeling because it changed with each minute as my head spun picture after picture, imagining my every outlandish fear and worry I could think of, some of them too horrible to even consider... 

But still, my mind kept coming up with these nightmarish scenes... I couldn't help it... The fear of the unknown has a way of doing that to you, letting you draw up all sorts of crazy scene that will more than likely never happen... 

Yet oddly, a small part of me was actually looking forward to the weekend and that was mainly because I was being included, which was rare for me -- but mostly, I was worried and actually I can't even say that because I wasn't worried... No... I was terrified... 

Honestly, I wasn't stupid or born last night; I knew what was more than likely to happen up at this fishing lodge, or if I wasn't certain, I'm sure I had a pretty good idea -or a good guess anyway... After all, what was it that Dean had said to me at the pool party after I sank to my knees, ready to suck his cock for him? 

"You'll be fun to teach..." --that's what he said... 

So, with this image burned into my brain, I knew what was more than likely to happen -and my biggest struggle all day long was in trying to convince myself otherwise... 

Or in other words, I was being a fool... 

Yes, I knew -and that would only add to this day filled with apprehension and fear...and not just any fear, it was the fear of the unknown that was always my killer... Not knowing and waiting... I never liked waiting either... 

However, it felt like an ice-age had passed -- but yet soon enough though, I found myself standing in a cold sweat as I had at this same moment while awaiting Patti's imminent arrival, save for the difference this time as I watched this oil-rig of an SUV pulling into the parking lot instead of Patti's silvery-sedan... 

With the widows blacked out in dark tint, I wasn't sure if it was Darren at first, but then stopping in front of me and hearing the 'click' of his power door locks opening and I knew... I knew it was him... 

My pulse raced... 

"Hey little buddy! How's it goin'..? Hop on in man -or climb on up in your case..!" Darren joked in greeting me as I opened the car door. 

Doing just that, I literally climbed up into the passenger seat of this huge vehicle while I greeted him back... 

"Hi Darren..! Thanks for picking me up... But umm... Could we run back to my place? I didn't know what to do with my travel bag and -- and I'd kinda like to change out of my work clothes... You don't mind do you..? Sir..?" I asked feeling now like I was putting him out and thinking that calling him Sir might buy me some leverage. 

Smiling with a satisfied looking smirk at hearing me call him that... Addressing him a 'Sir' how he wanted me to, Darren said then after a pause..."Yeah sure man, it`s only around the corner right..?" 

I nodded and he went on... 

"We have to pick up Dean on the way out of town and we have time, so no problem little buddy... Which way..?" He end then as I did up my seatbelt and pointed the way back to my house. 

Minutes later we were pulling into my driveway... "Thanks, I'll only be a second I promise... You don't mind do you..?" I said asking again because I was nervous as hell beside him now, in the flesh once again... 

"No problem at all little buddy... In fact, I'll come with you, I gotta have a piss before we hit the road and you should too... We have a two hour drive a head of us..." Darren answered as he turned off the engine and stepped out with me. 

I was a little unsure but of course I wasn't going to say no... I mean it's not like I had anything to hide, it's just that this wasn't a scenario I had even remotely considered, me being alone with Darren in my half of the duplex Mom and I had created out of what was once my childhood home. 

But I did almost laugh thinking that my 'worry-cleaning' the night before was about to pay off... 

"The bathroom is down here just across the hall from my bedroom, I'm just going to change real quick, I won't be a minute..." I said as Darren followed me into the narrow hallway that leads to my bedroom and my bathroom, turning then, he smiled at me saying nothing as we went our separate ways. 

Closing my bedroom door I could feel my heart beating in my chest, this was almost too real, Darren was in my house, right across the hall... 
