 After we had our steaks, which were perfect I might add. I did clean up again, donning my apron over my top and mini-skirt, where again I was playing little miss homemaker for the two men Darren and Dean while they sat out having coffee and then joining them once I was finished, I came back out to them with three beers, one for each of us this time. I didn't feel out of place doing this, feeling like I was one of them, because I was now... In a way... 

Darren had lit a fire in a pit that he has set just to the left of the flagstone patio and when I came out the two of them were sat in those big wooden lawn chairs that have a different region or area of the country claiming to be the originator, but for the most part, people know them as those age old and super comfy outdoor 'Adirondack chairs'... 

Wishing I had more clothes with me and knowing I would be having words with my Mom once we were all back in town, her with Patti and Carol in Vegas, and me here with the --men, I was going have a talk with her not only about her choices in my wardrobe for this fishing expedition out into the 'wide-gay-yonder' but more so for the lack of actual clothing she had included in my little travel suitcase. 

Needless to say, with my black Yoga pants still hung up and drying, I was left with nothing warm to wear other than the bright second pair of leggings, the rainbow coloured ones Mom had so thoughtfully packed for me... 

With these on and my big black hoodie, and a borrowed pair of Carol's purple coloured flip-flops that Darren had found in a closet, I was at least able to sit down and be comfortable as we all sat in these great chars drink cold beer and smoking yet another joint while kept warm by the wonderful fire Dean was stoking and feeding with logs every now and again. 

Sitting between the two men, I was surprised that when the joint came to me from Darren on my left, Dean who hadn't smoked at all until now, he leaned over and took the joint from me before I could get a pull from it. I was surprised and looked at him... 

"Here give me that...I don't smoke this shit but I like giving blow-backs... I'm sure you know what they are don't you Dale-baby.?" Dean asked as I sat looking at him, sort of dazed and stoned already, plus the beers didn't hurt either in making me confused, yet soft and compliant. 

And also, hearing him going back to calling me 'Dale-baby'... I knew something was up... 

Placing the joint in his white teeth I watched as he sat up in his chair and wordlessly waved me over to him, calling me and even ordering me to do as he wanted, and of course, being stoned, a bit drunk and also -- just being me... I moved forward in my chair, craned my neck out and puckered my lips, ready to let him fill my lungs with the thick, while marijuana smoke...and did he... 

"Pfffft... Baaaghhh...Uh... Ahh hu --hu- hu..." I coughed out as Dean either not knowing what he was doing or he was wanting to kill me, either way, he blow far too hard leaving me to take in not only the smoke but half of the burning embers as well... Reeling I fell back into me chair, coughing a sputtering and left reaching for my beer... 

"Whoops! I think you blow a little too hard for him there Dean buddy... You gotta go slow, especially with a delicate little flower like Dale here... Actually Dale I don't know if you remember but that night after the wedding when I gave you that blow back and kissed you..?" Darren began, first telling Dean why I was coughing my head off and tearing up like crazy and then coming back to me, asking if I remember the kiss? 

"Really..?" 

Are you fucking kidding me? Remember the kiss? That's how I ended up where I was -- dressed like a girl and serving these two men as their gay-fuck-toy all because of THAT kiss... Of course I blood well remembered... Sheesh! 

Well... That's what I 'felt' like saying... However, I was trying to see if my lungs still worked, coughing and gasping for air and gulping my beer down... 

"Yeah well, I stopped blowing as soon as our lips met, you stayed there and kissed me back... just thought I'd let you know that... Now Dean... Let him try again and this time, don't blow so hard..." Darren said to me and also to Dean but all I could think was him saying 'this-time'? Like I was going to have to do this again..? 

"Okay come here little man... Let's try this one more time..." Dean said to me then smiling at me as I nervously sat forward knowing what to expect but also knowing that I wouldn't be able to back out... 

But then just as I was close, close enough for him to start blowing he didn't... Instead, he put his hand to the back of my head, spit out the last of the joint and then kissed me hard on the lips. No joint, no blow back, just him...just Dean...kissing me... 

Mmmmfff..!" I moaned at this unexpected turn of events. 

Squinting I closed my eyes as he continued to hold me there, kissing me, his tongue snaking out, seeking my mouth and being the weakling I was, I let him in... I let Dean slip his tongue into my mouth, I let him French-kiss me with his big bushy mustache tickling not only nose but most of my face, I was too stunned to pull away. It was like Darren's first kiss all over again, only this time taken to the highest degree... 

"Mmmmaah..! Ha-ha..! Got ya there little man... Dale-baby..." Dean said to me then as he let me go, letting me recoil back in to my chair, using my hoodie sleeve to wipe my wet lips and then looking to him where I was surprised to see him rising up this time and taking down his own shorts, his huge cock suddenly there, not three feet away from me. Out there, flopping semi-hand into his lap as he smiled at me offering me a hand... 

"You've sucked your Master's cock for him today... Now it's time to suck mine..." He said to as he took my arm and in a flash, I could feel the switch going off in my head... 

I felt like I was on air, rising out of my seat and wordlessly allowing him to guide me down, out of my chair and onto the gassy ground at our feet as we sat around the open fire pit. 

Darren said nothing but he watched as I moved in a trance down in between Dean's legs and marvelled again at the enormous size of his girthy, vein-laden cock shaft. 

It was so thick and growing thicker as I placed my right hand along his wondrous cock and instantly feeling his heat, feeling his manliness burning away more of my 'straight'- pushing me farther to the other end of the scale, into the 'gay-range' on this 'sex-o-meter' I'd been judged by through all of this very homoerotic - Alpha-male verses my beta-male weekend. 

Moaning a little and biting my lip, I shamelessly put myself forward and licked his long hard cock from base to tip in one slow, flat tongued upward swath, bathing him with my wet spit as I went. 

Circling the flared, purple-red crown of his glorious cock, his spongy glands, I closed my eyes and moaned again, loving the taste and smell of him, opening my mouth and taking him in, I closed my lips and let myself sink down taking as much of his massive length and girth as I could in my first 'dive' in what would be the best description of how I sucked his cock... 

I dove on him, bobbing up and down, my saliva dripping and coating him, yet through all of my efforts I knew he was far too big to be trying any of my acquired 'throating' talents. 

Mmmmff... Ummm... Mmmm..." I mewed with each up and down, stoking the majority of him that I couldn't fit in my mouth. Using my excess spittle as my lube, I jacked Dean's big cock into my mouth as expertly as I could and I guess learning form the best, my Mom. I soon had him moaning along with me as he let me do the sucking, keeping his hands to himself while I did the work, which in contrast was much different to how Darren would literally 'fuck' my face with his hands pressed firmly to the side of my head. 

It was nice this way... I just wished he wasn't so dammed big because I'd love to be able to take all of him and show him just how good of a teacher my Mom really was... But as I thought of it, I smiled to myself thinking that he probably already knew just how good of a cocksucker Mom was already... 

"Uhhh yeah kid... Fuck you are good... Uhhh... Yeah that's it... Don't stop... Keep sucking fag-boy..." Dean grunted at me, calling me more of the dirty-nasty names that were spurring me on again, I didn't feel degraded at all, I wanted to be his and Darren's 'fag-boy-cocksucker' and everything else this weekend. 

I was lost to it now, and sure they had even been mean to me at one point, but I felt we were passed that now. I was their toy, their 'gay' fuck-toy for the next two days and now that I had been fucked and sucked them both as I was doing with Dean once again at that very moment..? 

That was where I wanted to be... I was 'gay-for-today' sucking Dean's cock with abandon... I wanted him to cum, cum in my mouth, I wanted to be feed by this big hunky older man, fed his hot, spunky, spicy cum... 

"Ohhh fuck yeah... Oh here it comes Dale-baby... Take me... Uhhh... Unnnggg... Ahhh... Open... Open up... I wanna cum on... Uhhh... Cum on your tongue..." Dean gritted as I sat back, holding my mouth open as he asked, my tongue out and flat, offered like a plate for him to spill his creamy puddle in more of a controlled 'ooze' coming out the slit in his cock, pouring his salty, musty flavour out across my waiting palate, my wanting tongue... 

"Mmmm... I hummed as I could taste and smell nothing but him, his earthy cummy smell and taste; it was unique, with a flavour and texture like nothing else that mere descriptions cannot give justice to the experience of having another man's essence take you over, tasting and experiencing his body's offering... His cum... 

It's -- it's... 'Otherworldly' is but a word I may use to grasp at and clutch as a gauge, as a viable, meaningful description... Because there is no other -- other than to live this experience, to suck another man's cock and taste him, take him into you and let him become you? 

It becomes just that... it's 'Otherworldly'... 

Looking up to him, seeing his expression of pained ecstasy, I waited and held my mouth open until he gave me my cue, looking into my eyes and telling me, saying the word... "Swallow..." --and I did... 

"Uhhh God you are a fucking pro Dale-baby... I can't believe you haven't been sucking cock all of your life... It's your calling little man... It's what you should be doing... Sucking cock..." Dean said to me then as I sat back after swallowing his hot, thick load, my senses and taste buds filled with nothing but him, even that slight burning feeling in my throat I'd noticed after swallowing any cum, it was almost comforting now, like I expected it, I knew it was coming whereas before, I had not... I was becoming an experienced cocksucker - and of this? I loved every second... 

Smiling but not saying anything else, Dean helped me to my feet and I sat back down in my chair, taking a drink of beer and feeling like everything was normal, like going down on either of them at any given moment, it was just how we did things... But guess it wasn't really 'just' a feeling though was it..? Because that's what I was now, and this WAS how we did things... I was their cocksucker and I was getting used to it... 

*** 

We were back in bad not long after this, with Darren once more citing that we were up early again for another round of fishing. I was tired by this point and knowing or at least hoping that things would be different, now that we had more 'ground-rules' to the order of things with the three of us... Meaning, I was their maid and sex-toy. 

I felt better about heading back out there with them to go fishing. I didn't think I'd be put through such hoops this time. 

Snuggling in next to Darren, I loved feeling his cock resting in the cleft of my ass as he put his big arm around me and pulled me to him, spooning me again as I fell asleep and as I did drift off, I couldn't help but think about Carol and how it seemed for his weekend, I was her, sleeping in her bed with her man... It was strange but still, it made me smile as sleep finally took me. 

*** 

Once more I was woken before the dawn, this time by the shrill call of an alarm clock that had Darren rolling over with a grunt, hitting the snooze button and turning back, laying his arm over me for a few minutes as we both drifted off again until sure enough, 9 minutes later, the alarm tripped with it shrill call and this time, Darren sat up and turned on the bedside lamp before turning off the alarm for good. 

"Up and at 'em little buddy... Why don't you get the coffee going, I'll be outside with Dean getting things ready... Oh and when you finished in the kitchen, go have a shower and make sure you're nice and clean if you get my drift...and put on a little make-up as well..." Darren said to me as I sat up groggy and still quite asleep in this semi-dark, early morning hour. 

Now I was confused, left sleepy-headed and wondering why on earth would he want me wearing make-up on a fishing trip? However by this point, I chose not to argue as I pulled myself out of Darren's nice warm bed and made for the bathroom... 

Half an hour later and I was standing in front of the mirror putting on eyeliner and blush, still not really knowing why but thinking it has to have something to do with sex... I mean what else could it be? 

Filling a mug with coffee and back into my rainbow leggings and the mini-skirt along with my hoodie because it was still quite early and the Sun, although on the rise, the morning misty chill was still in the air, I stepped out into the cool morning. 

With my borrowed flip-flops on my feet and my coffee in hand I leisurely strolled down to the docks where I found both Dean and Darren on board and playing around with the Go-Pro cameras. Also, I couldn't help but notice a fake kind of white bear-skin rug sitting out on the uncovered bow section of the big flat pontoon boat. 

"M-morning fellas... Wh-what's going on here? I thought we were going fishing?" I asked in a sheepish, somewhat fearful voice. 

"Yeah we're going fishing alright -but first we thought we'd make a video for the girls, because well, we all know how they wanted to watch...and Wow Dale! You look good... I like the make-up, very nice and how about we lose the hoodie for now but keep the mini-skirt on, which also looks good on you..." Darren said to me, saying that first part rather quickly and then going on to compliment my out-fit and make-up. 

"Umm? A video..?" I asked as I stood there on the dock with Dean moving around untying the lines at each end. 

"Yeah you heard me, now hop on man; you're the star of this movie so let's go, get on board little buddy..!" Darren added as the boat started to move which made me panic a little, jumping on board while trying not to spill my coffee. 

Still not entirely sure what they were up to I found a seat as Darren steered us out of the bay and made for open water and it was only here where I noticed that he and Dean, they were both dressed kind of the same... 

It was strange like they had meant to dress this way, both wearing long sleeve check shirts with the arms rolled up but the shirt tails left hanging and open at the front. Also they both had on cut-offs, frayed at the bottoms and looking quite short indeed not unlike the pair I had been wearing lately as per Mom and Patti's request. And lastly, each of them were wearing white gym socks pulled up and sticking out of their oddly matching open and unlaced black, Doc-Martin style boots... 

I had a sudden feeling of suspicious dread wash over me... 

Chugging out over the water, the lake was once again flat and smooth save for the wake of our boat, and with the Sun now gleaming off of the water, Darren suddenly cut the engine leaving us in a deathly silence that I don't think I'd ever heard before, it was so quiet. 

There was nothing, not a sound out here in the middle of this huge lake... Until Darren spoke up... 

"Okay little buddy, come up here with me on the bow...And lose the hoodie, like I said..." Darren instructed as he stepped away from the Captain's chair and waved me forward with him out and onto the raised platform to where the faux-fur rug was all laid out... 

My pulse quickened as I did what I was being told and pulled my hoodie up over my head leaving me in my neon-pink top with "Catch of the Day!" splashed across the front... 

But also, even stranger in this already strange set up, Dean was now holding what looked like a rather expensive video camera... What was going on here...? 

Taking Darren's hand I stepped up and looked him and started to ask... "Darren what's going --..." but I didn't get a chance to finish... 

"Ummff! Oh..!" I called out then as Darren without saying anything, he pulled me to him, my body slamming into his as his arm came around me, pulling me to him and kissing me hard on the lips, his tongue pushing its way into my mouth which I accepted and kissed him back feeling and knowing that this was what he wanted, how he wanted me to respond. 

Kissing him back I knew now what was going on, or I had a pretty good idea... We were making a movie alright, but somehow I didn't think it was 'just' for the girls to watch and see me having gay sex with both Darren and Dean... 

Ending our kiss, our make-out session, Darren held me to him with his shirt parted and my body pulled into his bare chest, whispering he said to me... "Be a good boy now and play this up for the camera alright..?" Looking to him, I knew what he wanted and knowing better, knowing that I didn't have much choice; I looked at him, smiled and nodded my assent... 

Smiling back at me he mouthed "Good-boy..." and then with a hand to my shoulder, he pushed me down to my knees and as he did, I played up the scene, getting into this now, I acted a little, dragging my hands down his barrel chest, clinging to him as I went. 

But dam he was sexy like this, his denim short fastened with a big leather belt and brass buckle, his shirt open and the boots and socks -- by the time I hit my knees, I was lost again, the switch had been flipped... 

Going for his belt I played up the action, leaning in and running my flattened tongue up from his waistline to his belly button, keeping my head close to him while I unbuckled his belt and went for the catch holding up his shorts. 

"Oh yean little buddy, that's it... Get into it... Don't look at the camera..." Darren said to me in a calm quiet voice as I felt Dean moving in closer as well, holding his camera, filming us and also the Go-pro cameras grabbing this action from all angles, even an over-head held way up high on a mast. 

I felt giddy doing this now, I wasn't afraid and I kind of loved the idea of being the 'star' of this movie. It reminded me of the old VHS tapes I used to keep hidden under my bed all those years ago. Those porno tapes that Mom knew about where I wondered what kind of a world these sexy hot porn-stars lived in and now, here I was, albeit, not quite how I may have imagined -- but still, I was here, living in that very world... 

Knowing that Dean had his camera aimed at me, I did as Darren said, I made sure not to look at Dean or the camera lens as I had Darren's ripped up denim shorts at his ankles and was biting my lip while cradling his thick, semi-hard cock that lay sheathed behind the tiny white men's-thong underwear he was wearing, purposely for this porno we now making -- as I could only assume... 

Wanting to make this good, I didn't just pull his tight white thong down and expose him before taking him into my mouth, no I played it up further by groaning and running my lips along the sheathed length of his growing cock-shaft as it lay trapped behind the this, stretched underwear. 
