 This story is about a married man who lets his wife watch him with another man.

............

I could sense Kara's fear as we sat in the hotel room. It was oozing out of her pores while she sat perched on the edge of the bed, dressed in the soft yellow silk nightie and matching robe that made her bronze skin seem even more sultry and provocative than usual.

Kara was terrified, and while I was a little scared myself, my fear was tempered by the level of my excitement, which was at a fever pitch. Kara would never do anything like this without my urging, and I loved her so much for even getting this far. I was fully prepared to see her bolt out the door any second, and if she did, I would understand.

Suddenly, there was a tapping at the door, and at the first sound Kara jumped up to her feet, looking at me with her smoky eyes bulging out of her head.

"It's okay," I said, giving her a reassuring smile. "I'll get it. I love you."

I opened the door, and Dave was standing in the doorway. Dave, the man that I had been conversing with for so long, had come a long way to meet me - us, and now that we were finally standing face to face with each other, there was an awkward silence before I extended my hand.

"Tim, nice to meet you," the burly man said as he extended his hand.

"Dave, my pleasure," I answered, my hand disappearing in Dave's meaty paw. "Come in."

I ushered Dave into the room, where Kara stood in front of the bed, shifting her weight from foot to foot as she looked at Dave like he was from another world.

"And this must be Kara," Dave said cheerfully, coming toward Kara without waiting for an introduction. "Tim told me you were beautiful, and he wasn't kidding. Nice to meet you."

I could see Kara's hand trembling as she offered it to Dave, who grasped it lightly and then lifted it to his lips.

Good... good, I said to myself as this drama unfolded before me. I had warned Dave that Kara would not only be skittish, but downright terrified, and he was treating her just as I had hoped he would. While it wouldn't be accurate to say that Kara was comfortable, but at least she hadn't run out the door screaming... yet.

"Seems like you folks got comfortable already," Dave said as he held up a small satchel. "Mind if I join you?" 

"Be my guest," I said, waving toward the bathroom, and after Dave headed that way, I went over to Kara.

"See?" I said. "He's a nice guy, right?"

Kara shrugged and nodded in her timid way, her head bobbing up and down quickly. I brushed a stray hair back around her ear and kissed her on the forehead, and that made Kara give me a grim smile.

"You told him I was beautiful?" Kara asked me, her voice barely audible as she looked into my chest instead of my eyes, just like always.

"Of course I did," I told her. "You are."

I knew that Kara wasn't beautiful, at least not in the classical sense. She was short and petite, almost painfully so. Her breasts were tiny, almost non-existent, and her features were more of the plain, business-like look like one would think of in a librarian. 

Her Greek heritage showed in her bronze-toned skin, and in the fine down that covered her arms from her biceps to her wrists, as well the thick and expansive bush between her legs that the nightgown hid.

"I told him all about you," I assured her. "Everything, so if he wasn't turned on by what I told him, and didn't find you interesting, he would never have come up here."

"I won't have to do anything if I don't want to?" Kara asked just before the bathroom door opened and Dave emerged.

"Right," I said.

"And with him - to him, what will you do?"

"Whatever he wants me to do."

....

Dave emerged from the bathroom, wearing a pair of pajamas just like I was. We agreed upon this prior to his visit, when we tried to think of ways to get into things with as little awkwardness as possible, and now we all stood in the hotel room, smiling nervously.

Well, the majority of us were nervous. Dave might have been nervous, but he didn't show it. His pajamas weren't nearly as conservative as mine were, and while I noticed something right away, I was surprised when Kara tugged at my sleeve and leaned over toward me.

After she made a little head motion toward Dave's lower torso, I nodded and told her, "I saw."

What Kara had told me with her eyes, was the massive bulge in Dave's light blue satin pajama bottoms. A bulge so prominent that I could see the outline of the head of his cock clearly.

"Guess you can tell I'm kind of excited," Dave said with a shrug, explaining but not apologizing for his erection. "Wasn't sure what I was going to find when I got here. Sometimes people aren't what they claim to be."

"But so far, you folks are the real deal. Kara's a real doll," Dave said, reaching his hand out to Kara, who shied away at first but didn't back away from Dave when he gently ran the back of his hand along the side of her face.

"And Tim," Dave said, facing me. "Let's see how accurately you described yourself.

I expected to see the front of my pajamas top bouncing, because my heart was pounding so hard and fast that I thought I could hear it over my heavy breathing. Dave's fingers danced down the row of buttons, and then I felt the top fall off my shoulders.

"Mm... nice," Dave said, his beefy hand coming up to my chest and running up and down the smooth skin, tweaking my nipples before letting his hand slide down to the snap on my pajamas.

Kara was holding onto my arm as Dave left the snap alone briefly to let his hand slide down the cotton to the little bump sticking out hard against the fabric. 

"You're excited too, I see," Dave said with a smile before moving his hand back up to the snap.

With a flick of the wrist, the snap came undone and my pajamas fell to the floor. Kara squeezed my arm as Dave looked down at my erection, which was pointing right at him. I was never harder, and my cock never looked bigger as I stood with my hips thrusting forward, presenting myself for Dave's approval.

"Damn," Dave breathed, bringing his finger down to the tip of my dick and swiping the pre-cum that was oozing out of it, and then bringing his gooey digit up to his mouth and tasting it before offering the rest to Kara.

"It's okay, Kara," Dave said. "It's Tim's cum."

Kara looked at Dave's finger and then at me. When I nodded my approval, Kara licked the seed off of Dave's finger, much to Dave's delight.

Dave took my stem between his thumb and finger and pulled me toward him a step while he leaned toward me and whispered in my ear.

"You're even smaller than I imagined," Dave breathed into my ear. "You don't mind me saying that, do you?"

I shook my head no, enjoying the feeling that came from Dave pinching the acorn head of my dick before letting go and turning toward Kara.

"Tim's going to undress me now, right Tim?" Dave said, and after I nodded and moved close to Dave again, Kara let go of my arm.

"It's okay, Kara," Dave said. "You can hold on to Tim. I like that. Makes it real cozy-like for all of us.

So Kara stayed with me as I started unbuttoning Dave's pajama top, I could hear Kara breathing even louder than me when I got to the bottom button, and when Dave shrugged the top off I heard Kara make a loud exhale.

I raised a tentative hand up to Dave, letting my fingers sift through the dark hair on his chest, and after a couple of strokes I reached over and took Kara's hand.

She struggled a little bit, but when I put her visibly trembling hand on Dave's chest and moved it around, Dave was now the one who exhaled loudly.

"Oh, that feels nice," Dave said. "Doesn't hurt a bit, does it Kara?"

Kara didn't nod or speak, but let me run our hands across Dave's burly chest for a few minutes more, trying to get her to feel more relaxed. Just don't start crying and run, I thought to myself.

"Do you want me to take your robe off?" I asked quietly, and Kara's eyes bulged as she shook her head no violently, and I nodded in reassurance.

"Okay then," I said, reaching over to the top of Dave's pajamas, which were held together by a snap.

"Sticks a little sometimes," Dave said, his hands on his hips and offering no help, and failing at giving them the quick flick opening flourish Dave had used on mine, used both hands and undid them, giving them a tug downward while taking a step back.

The pajamas got hung up on Dave's erection, but after he reached down and pulled the bottom around the obstacle, they fell away and dropped to the ground.

I gasped, but it went unnoticed when Kara let out a cry as Dave's cock sprang into view. Kara buried her face in my shoulder, almost as if she was afraid to look at the fat, swollen cock that swung around wildly in front of him. 

"It's okay... okay baby," I whispered in Kara's ear. "It's okay baby."

I was afraid that Kara was going to pass out for a second, and while I was concerned for her, I was a little embarrassed as well. When I saw the expression on Dave's face, I saw that he wasn't uncomfortable in the least. Just the opposite. Dave was reveling in the moment.

I would too, if I had that big thing between my legs, I thought to myself as I looked down at his thickly veined, almost muscular looking cock. Probably close to eight inches long, and its thickness was even more impressive that the length.

"What?" I said, as I realized that Kara was whispering in my ear, and after she repeated herself, I smiled.

"Don't tell me, honey," I said softly. "Tell Dave. It's okay. Tell him."

With considerable difficulty, Kara turned toward Dave and mumbled what she had told me privately.

"We can't hear you, honey," I told her, and after another attempt failed, spoke louder.

"I said that you have a very large penis," Kara said, looking at the ceiling so she didn't have to look at him.

"Why, thank you," Dave said cheerfully,

"Look at it, Kara," I said. "No reason to be afraid."

Kara seemed to be fighting with herself as her head kept twitching, but eventually her eyes went down to look at Dave's cock which was still very hard and fat.

"Want to hold it?" I asked. "You can if you want."

Kara shook her head, so I reached out and grabbed his cock in my hand, feeling the blood pulsing through it as I squeezed him.

"Kara's never seen another man's cock in person before," I told Dave, who nodded and smiled before I turned to Kara. 

"Remember how I told you that my dick was very small," I reminded Kara, who nodded. 

"Well, Dave's cock is very large, see?" I said, motioning for Kara to come closer to us. "See how much bigger Dave's is than mine?"

I leaned forward, pushing my dick up next to his in order to show Kara the outrageous difference between the two of us. My pale dick barely reached halfway down Dave's shaft, and his fat tool might have been 3 times as thick as mine.

Kara whispered in my ear, and I smiled before telling Dave what Kara had told me.

"Kara said that she likes mine better," I told Dave, who nodded and laughed.

"I like Tim's better too," Dave said.

"Go ahead, honey. Touch Dave's" I urged her, but she held firm.

"Well, hold mine then," I told Kara, and she eagerly grabbed my stem by the base.

"Now rub mine against Dave's for me," I told Kara. "Dave will like that too."

"Like this?" Kara asked, meekly pushing the head of my dick into Dave's tool.

"Oh yeah Kara," Dave moaned while moving the plum-sized glans of his member into my tiny bulb, and as the gooey tips of our dicks rubbed together, it almost seemed that if Dave were to pinch his glans and open his pee hole up, he would be able to swallow up my pathetic little stem.

"Isn't this fun, Kara?" I asked my wife, who was almost trying to do battle with my tiny weapon as it got slapped around by Dave's cock. "Now why don't you take your clothes off too? Maybe just your robe?"

....

Kara looked at me with those big doe-like eyes, and when I mouthed the word "please", she let go of my dick and with great deliberation took off the long yellow robe that had covered her tiny matching nightie.

"You're so cute," Dave said, and Kara bit her lower look and lowered her eyes like she always did around strangers.

This time I suppose she had a reason to be shy, because she was in a room with two naked men with erections, and she was clad in a tiny nightie so sheer that she even felt shy about wearing in front of me at home with the lights on.

I suggested that we move over to the bed, and when we did, I dimmed the lights in the room somewhat, which seemed to made Kara relax a bit. Whatever the reason, Kara was now able to look at Dave's cock without holding onto my arm and hiding her face, so I decided to up the ante a little.

"Here," I said to Kara, taking her hand and bringing it over toward Dave's manhood, which was still very erect as it swayed in front of him. "Let's hold Dave's cock - together."

Kara resisted a little, but bowing to my will as she almost always did, she allowed me to bring her hand over to Dave, who turned his hips a little to make the trip a shorter one.

When our hands first touched Dave's cock, he let out a sigh. I watched Kara's face as I held her hand on his cock for a second, and she looked awe-struck as his throbbing cock pulsated in her hand.

When I took my own hand away, Kara left hers on, and the sight of my wife's tiny little hand wrapped around - actually halfway around Dave's cock - almost made me cum right then and there.

"Isn't it amazing how big Dave is?" I whispered to Kara, who was hypnotized by the massive organ in her hand. "Imagine how that would feel inside of you."

Kara's body shook when I said that, almost as if I had dropped an ice cube down her back, and she shook her head no, but kept her hand on his cock despite my words and despite the fact that Dave had begun to move his hips ever-so-slightly forward and backward.

To think that Kara was holding my cyber friend's cock in her hand in a hotel room, wearing a flimsy nightie - well, everything about this was unreal. Kara would never wear sleeveless blouses out in public, and yet here she was wearing a very sexy nightie in front of this stranger, an outfit which left very little to the imagination.

Dave was peeking down the neckline of her nightie, which seemed to be bowing out a bit as she reached toward Dave, and even though there was precious little to see, Dave seemed eager to look at her tiny breast buds.

I reached over and ran my hand over Kara's before sliding it underneath and grabbing Dave's balls, rolling the weighty orbs in my palm as Dave opened his legs a bit to accommodate me.

"I'm so proud of you," I told Kara as I put my hand on her shoulder, inching the spaghetti strap down toward her arm.

When Kara saw what I was doing, she looked at me in terror, but I nodded in reassurance before whispering in her ear that Dave could already see down her top and had already seen her breasts. The one strap now down, I reached around her and did the same to the other one.

The nightie fell down to the carpet, exposing her tiny breasts to Dave, who smiled. Kara was now naked except for her bright yellow panties, and I was so glad that we had a second glass of wine with dinner, which had to be helping her inhibitions to even get this far.

"Beautiful breasts," Dave said, his hand coming over and cupping the little swell. "Your nipples are amazing too, Kara."

Kara's breasts are so small that they are pretty much all nipple, and when Dave's fingers stroked the plump brown aureole, I felt a mixture of jealousy and lust. Kara's chest was heaving rapidly as Dave gently massaged her tit, and I was shocked when I looked down and saw Kara's hand sliding up and down the shaft of Dave's cock.

I knelt down in front of Dave, my face inches away from Dave's cock and Kara's hand. The fat knob of his cock looked even larger from this angle, and the skin was so taut on his glans that the tan skin was almost translucent. 

My hand went onto my wife's, who hadn't noticed that I was down where I was, and her face registered her confusion.

"Feed it to me," I said softly, opening my mouth and leaning toward Dave while directing Kara's hand.

Kara's mouth was open as wide as mine was when she saw what was happening, but when my lips slid along the hot skin of Dave's cock, I forgot about everything else.

My jaws stretched to their limits as I tried to take Dave into my mouth. It had been a long time since I had tried to suck on a cock this big, but it tasted so sweet that I forced the rubbery crown into my mouth.

Kara's hand was halfway down the shaft, and her wedding ring sparkled as I tried to get my mouth down to there. Dave's hands were in my hair, pushing me down as he urged me to take more of his huge member.

Looking up, I saw Kara looking at what I was doing, and I pulled on her hand, forcing her closer to us.

"Help me," I told her.

"It's too big," Kara whimpered as she looked at the swollen manhood between us. "I cannot."

I began to run my lips along the side of Dave's cock, from the base buried deep in his bush right up to the bulbous crown, and his cock jerked in reaction.

"Just like that," I told Kara, pulling her face closer.

Tentatively, she made several moves toward Dave's cock, looking at me and what I was doing, and as our eyes met over Dave's tool, Kara finally leaned forward and put her moist lips on him.

I felt my cock start ejaculating when her mouth first touched Dave's cock, and as my cock continued to spurt cum all over Dave's hairy legs, Kara began to mimic what I was doing. Soon our movements were in sync, and our lips and tongues worked up and down the length of Dave's throbbing cock.

I glanced up and saw the reaction of Dave's face while this husband and wife team worked their mouths over his manhood, and when I looked over at Kara and saw her licking this stranger's tool like it were mine, I grabbed her hand and brought it up between Dave's legs and onto his hairy sac, and together we kneaded his balls hard and rough.

I heard Dave cry out, and out of the corner of my eye I saw him start to cum. His cock jerked each time he shot a wad of his seed out onto the carpet. We kept doing what we were doing until Dave's cock at last stop firing, and began to go flaccid.

As it went limp I took his rubbery dick and slipped it into my mouth, going down on his deflating tool several times while Kara watched with interest. When I pulled Dave out of my mouth, I pointed his cock toward Kara, offering it to her.

Kara leaned over and let me put Dave's cock to her lips, and she slowly took all of him into her mouth as well, until her nose was buried deep into Dave's pubic hair. Dave was still much bigger soft than I was hard, and I whispered that in Kara's ear as she sucked on him, and she looked over at me and nodded.

"That was incredible," Dave said as he helped us to our feet, and whispered in my ear. "Were you jacking off when Kara started licking my cock?"

"No," I told him. "I just came. Never touched myself,"

"Then you must have liked it too," Dave grinned,

Dave was wagging his cock around my limp little mushroom, first caressing it with his rubbery hose and then slapping it around playfully. Kara looked at this with an expression that reflected her confusion, and I didn't think I could explain it. I guess I could understand the delight Dave was feeling as his fat snake drubbed my little pecker, but I would never be able to explain why I was enjoying it so much myself. 

Instead, I just took Kara's brown little paw and had her hold my stem up so that the fat knob of Dave's cock could rub into it easier. The smug look on Dave's face as he watched what was going on between the three of us - confident but not arrogant - said it all. He knew what I was feeling - how badly I wanted to be the one doing what he was doing - yet realizing that I was getting off on this too. A fact that became apparent to all very soon.
