 NEW BOARDERS

Cliff Simmons was watching football on TV when the doorbell rang. He wasn't expecting anyone and thought it might be a solicitor, he ignored it. It rang again and then a third time, so this time he answered the door. When he opened it, he saw two young men standing there. They were both handsome slender young men probably in their late teens or early twenties. Upon closer observation, Cliff thought that they could be referred to as pretty rather than handsome.

"Can I help you?"

"We are interested in the room you have for rent."

"I only have one bedroom for rent."

"We know but we would share it if that is okay with you."

"Are you sure? I only have a double bed in the room. Do you have twin beds that you could use?"

"Oh, the double bed is fine."

It occurred to Cliff that he was speaking to two gay young men. The previous semester he had rented to a college student who had graduated and then moved on. He was a bit leery of renting it to a couple of gay guys.

"We're both students and are looking for a place to stay. We want to keep our costs down."

"I understand that. Very well, come in and have a look at the room."

Cliff showed them the bedroom and as he did, he imagined them having sex in the room. He looked at them more closely and he noticed their slender bodies, curvy bottoms and effeminate mannerisms.

"Oh, this would be perfect for us. It's very roomy. It is so convenient to the college."

"What year are you?"

"We are going to be juniors this year."

"Well if you want to share the room. It's yours. Come into the kitchen and I'll go over the rules with you."

Cliff laid out the house rules and then he showed them the rest on the house. It was a modest 3-bedroom, 2-bath ranch style home with a great room. It wasn't very large but it was something Cliff bought to have some equity rather than pay rent. He was 26-years-old and worked for an IT company in town. The very small third bedroom was used as an office. Cliff had the guys sign a liability waiver and rental agreement and told them that they could move in anytime. The guys were excited and said they would move in the next day which was Sunday.

Cliff had no plans except to watch pro football on Sunday and told them any time after lunch would be fine. He learned their names. The cute blonde guy was Josh and the equally cute brown-haired guy was Cole. They left the house very excited that they got the room and Cliff returned to the football game. As he watched the game, he thought about his new pretty boarders and wondered if he would ever catch them having sex together.

After the game, he showered dressed and headed out to pick up Sharon. They were going to a movie and then most likely back to his place afterward. They had been dating a while now and they liked making love to each other. It was not a serious relationship just good recreational sex.

THE GUYS MOVE IN

Josh and Cole moved in on Sunday which didn't take very long since it was mostly, clothes and personal items. That afternoon they went to the campus while Cliff watched football on TV. The remainder of the week was uneventful and if the guys were having sex in the room, they were incredibly quiet. Cliff had never heard anything suggesting that they were having sex. That is until Saturday morning.

Cliff was up early as he had not had a date on Friday night. He jogged the two miles to the YMCA and worked out for over an hour. He walked home picking up a latte on the way. Cliff stayed fit with recreational sports and regular workouts. He kept his 6'2" muscular 185-pound body in good shape. It was a stark contrast between him and his slender effeminate boarders. 

Josh was a sweet looking blonde whose hair covered his ears and neck. He was 5'6" and a trim 140 pounds. Cole was a carbon copy of Josh except that he had brown hair. Both gay young men had nice looking legs and curvy bottoms. Their bodies were smooth, virtually hairless and flawless, no blemishes on their skin. 

By the time Cliff got home it was nearly 10:00 AM. He noticed that the second bedroom door was open and he heard whispers coming from the room. He walked by the room and peeked inside. He could not make out their whispers but he saw that his boarders were both on their left sides facing away from the door. Cole had his arm draped over Josh's body and his hand was moving. Upon further inspection Cliff noticed that Cole's hips were moving against Josh's body.

Although the bedsheet still covered their lower bodies it was obvious that Cole was fucking Josh and he was also giving Josh and hand job. Cliff watched them and he wished that the bedsheet would slip away from them so he could get a better look. Cole picked up the pace and then his body stiffened. He hugged Josh and buried his face in the blonde's neck. Cliff knew that Cole had cum in his partner's ass. The two lay still for a few minutes and Cliff decided that it was a good time to move on. He quietly closed the bedroom door and went to take a shower. 

Just as the door closed, Cliff heard Josh say, "I need to get off, hurry."

Cliff was tempted to look back in the bedroom to see what they would do next but he decided against it. Instead he went to his room and showered in the master bath. All the while he wondered if Josh was fucking Cole or if Cole was sucking Josh's cock. As he showered and dressed, he contemplated what to do about Josh and Cole. He was surprised that he was so curious and he wished he could have seen them naked in the act. He decided to keep quiet and not let on that he knew they were having sex. 

Josh and Cole showered, dressed and they smelled the aroma of coffee coming from the kitchen. They walked in and saw Cliff sitting at the table. Cole wondered if Cliff would say anything about seeing them having sex. He had purposely left the bedroom door open in the hopes that Cliff would see them. Cliff looked up, smiled and spoke.

"Good morning, have a good sleep? The coffee is ready, help yourselves."

Josh replied, "Thanks, we could smell the wonderful aroma from the bedroom. You're up early."

"I usually am on Saturday. I like to get to the Y early before it gets crazy there. Have any plans today?"

"Cole responded, "Probably go to the library to study for a while after we eat. How about you?"

"I'm going to run some errands after lunch. I'll be gone most of the afternoon."

Cliff lied intentionally hoping that the guys might have sex again thinking that they were alone. He thought correctly and he would observe them in action later that day.

A CURIOUS VOYEUR 

It was around 3:00 PM when Josh and Cole returned from the campus. They were anxious to get it on, thinking that they were alone in the house. Cliff was in his bedroom and remained there quietly until he was sure that the guys had started. He moved silently and stepped outside the bedroom door and listened. It was quiet so he carefully opened the door a crack and peeked inside. 

Josh and Cole were naked in bed. They lay on their sides in a 69-poistion. The two of them sucked each other's cock. They took the cocks as deep in their mouths as they were comfortable doing as they made oral love to each other. Cole grabbed Josh's ass cheeks and held them as he sucked cock. Cliff noticed that Josh copied every move that Cole made and soon they were both sucking cock and fondling each other's ass. 

Cole moved a finger between Josh's ass cheeks and tickled the anus and again Josh did the same thing to his lover. Cliff watched Josh stiffen signaling that he was about to cum which he did shooting into his lover's mouth. Cole just held on to Josh's ass and swallowed the load. Cole rubbed his lover's balls as he drank down every drop of cum. Josh was in ecstasy as he whispered loud enough to be heard by Cliff. 

"I love cumming in your mouth."

At Cole's urging Josh resumed sucking cock. Cole shot his load shortly thereafter and flooded Josh's mouth with the initial blast. Josh swallowed as fast as he tried to capture every drop of cum but he pulled the cock from his mouth and closed his eyes as cum shot all over his face. When Cole had ceased shooting, Josh took the cock back in his mouth. They continued to hold to each other and suck each other in the 69 position. They were both so turned on that they remained hard. They had no idea that they had been observed by Cliff.

Cliff had never seen anything like it. He had never seen anyone else have sex much less two guys. He had watched porn but not gay porn. He realized that his own cock was hard and he was tempted to free it from his shorts. Cliff kept watching and listening to the two cute gays. He thought that they may be done but soon realized that they were just getting started. Then Cole whispered. 

"I'm going to fuck you Josh and then I want you to fuck me."

The two beautiful young men separated from their 69 position and Josh got on all fours. Josh positioned himself on all fours and looked back over his shoulder with excitement at his lover. Cole played with the scrumptious ass a long time as he seemed to love fingering the bung-hole and caressing the shapely ass. Josh stayed hard throughout the anal foreplay and then he told Josh to turn over. Josh rolled to his back, lifted his legs and placed them on Cole's shoulders as directed. Cole said in a raspy voice.

"I love to watch the expression on your face when I fuck you."

Cliff watched as Cole placed the head of his cock at Josh's ass and pressed forward testing the resistance. Every few seconds Cole would push inside Josh and then pull back out stretching him a little wider each time. Cole's next thrust was with a purpose and Josh felt the surge as his lover's cock pushed passed his sphincter.

"Oh yeah, give it to me." 

Cliff subconsciously removed his cock from his shorts and stroked it as he watched the two lovers. He couldn't believe that he was actually horny from watching the two pretty gay lovers. He attributed to the fact that he had not gotten laid that week. Cole remained inside this time and did not move allowing Josh to adjust to the cock. Josh wrapped his ankles around Cole's ass and pulled him deeper. Cole stopped once again and remained still for a moment and waited for Josh's reaction. Josh rotated his hips and arched his back to get Cole further inside him.

Cliff looked on as Josh's body opened up to his partner. Cole's cock slid in and out of Josh slowly until he had finally buried all 6 inches in the sweet ass. Cole pulled out a little and then he stopped and pushed back inside Josh began to rotate his hips again. Cole pulled almost all of the way out and then plunged inside fucking his lover with passion. Josh moaned in response to Cole's pounding and they began to really move. Cole leaned over him and Josh wrapped his legs around him, hooking his ankles together and they began rocking and moving beautifully together. Josh called out.

"Oh, fuck yeah, that's it fuck me!"

Cole was fucking Josh hard and he seemed to revel in each thrust. Cliff watched as Josh's balls and erect cock bounced around as Cole fucked him. Cliff was surprised that Josh would stay hard while being fucked but then again, he didn't really know about gay lovers. Cole began to moan louder and louder, and fucked harder and faster. Josh knew that he was close and he began to pump his own cock with his hand. Cole grunted and Josh felt hot cum fill his ass. Josh pumped his cock harder in search of his own release. When he came, he shot his own cum all over his chest, abs and pubes. 

Cliff continued watching as Cole filled Josh up with his seed. He was surprised again to see the Cole remain hard and continue to fuck Josh's ass. Cole pushed his cum around in the ass and some of it escaped and wet the bedsheet. Cole collapsed on top of his lover and then they kissed. Cole lay on top of Josh with all of his weight resting on him. Josh wrapped his legs around Cole and they stayed in each other's arms for a long time and no words were spoken. They just held each other, kissed and ran their hands over each other. Cole's cock softened and slipped from Josh's ass and cum ran out onto the bedsheet. 

"Josh, I want you to fuck me now. Are you ready to fuck me?" Cole asked.

"Oh my God, yes!"

Cole got on all fours and handed his lover the lube. "Put plenty of that stuff on your cock and in my ass."

Cliff was incredibly excited and confused. He continued to jerk off as he watched the twosome. He was trying to prolong his ejaculation as he wanted to watch them some more before he came. He tried to imagine what it would be like to fuck Josh and Cole. He had fucked girls in the ass before and he wondered, "Could it be that much different, especially with Josh and Cole who looked so much like girls on all fours."

Josh knelt behind Cole and he began to caress his lover's beautiful ass. Josh loved it that the body was delicate, hairless and flawless. Cliff couldn't believe how much Josh and Cole looked like a girl from behind with a shapely curvy ass in the air. Josh put an ample amount of lube in his hands and rubbed it all around Cole's anus. Josh inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing the ass for his cock. He sawed his fingers in and out of the anus and then moved closer to Cole. He lined up the head of his cock with the anal opening and began to ease it into to him. 

Josh's cock head cleared Cole's sphincter and it slid right in without resistance. He was all the way in Cole's ass and he started a slow fucking motion. Josh continued to pump Cole with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as he caressed his lover's smooth round ass. Cole asked Josh to fuck him harder and quicker. So, Josh picked up the pace and he started pounding the ass faster and faster. Josh's balls started bouncing off of his lover's perineum and Cole was moaning with each thrust of cock. Josh tried to make it last as long as possible but lost it quicker than expected.

Josh fired a barrage of cum in his lover's ass filling it to overflowing. As he continued to fuck Cole, the seed backed up in the rectum and began to ooze out flowing over their balls. Cole flattened out on the bed with Josh on top and his cock still in the lovely ass. Josh rolled off of him and his hard cock slipped from the shapely bottom. Cliff had not cum as he did not want to ejaculate on the carpet. He listened to the conversation.

"I wonder how Cliff's cock would feel in there," Cole sighed.

"You probably won't find out, he's obviously not gay," Josh replied.

"Too bad, did you see the outline of his package? I wonder how big it is." 

"Yeah, I did. It looked pretty big in his workout shorts."

"Come on let's get cleaned up and get dressed before Cliff gets back."

That was Cliff's cue to leave. He quickly retreated to his bedroom and closed the door. He lay in bed stroking his cock and he could not get the image of the two young men having sex out of his mind. He was clearly turned on and he could not help but wonder what it would be like to fuck their curvy bottoms. It was obvious that they were interested in him. Did he dare cross the line with his boarders? He knew that if he did, it could be awkward. 

FROM VOYEUR TO A TOP

Cliff had gone out with a new young woman Saturday night who he had met at the Y. She was nice but it was clear that there was to be no sex on a first date. Cliff got home late and didn't bother to masturbate as he would often do when he was horny. In the morning he was up early and went through his normal workout routine. When he returned home, he saw that the guy's bedroom door was open and he heard them having sex. He decided that they had left the door open on purpose and looked in at them.

They were already fucking and Cliff was excited to watch them again. As he watched them fuck, he felt his own cock harden in his shorts. Cliff at that moment decided to test the water with Josh and Cole. He stripped off his shorts and briefs as his big 7+ inch cock sprung to attention. Cliff entered the bedroom and moved around in front of Josh. They were both surprised and pleased to see Cliff in the bedroom but they were shocked to see him naked with his big cock fully erect. They stopped fucking and they both stared at his imposing cock.

"I thought that since you left the door open, that you two were hoping for some company this time."

"Do it Josh, suck his cock. We always talked about a threesome."

"It is big, bigger than I imagined," Josh admired.

Josh tentatively reached for Cliff's cock. He held the long thick cock in his hand briefly before he finally licked the head with his tongue. Josh couldn't believe the girth on Cliff's cock as he could barely wrap his hand all the way around it. Josh opened his mouth and took the head into his. Josh only took about four inches of Cliff's cock into his mouth and began to suck on it. Cole resumed fucking his lover as Josh sucked on Cliff's cock. The whole scene had the three of them turned on and it didn't take long for Cole to cum and fill his lover's ass with his first massive load of the day. 

Cliff loved the blow job he was getting from Josh as it was as good as any girl had given him. Even though Josh was still adjusting to Cliff's size he did a good job sucking his cock. It had been awhile since Cliff had had ejaculated so when he came, he flooded the succulent mouth. Josh was taken back by the force and amount that Cliff shot into his mouth. He had to pull off the spurting cock to keep from gagging and the remainder of the ejaculation splashed off of Josh's forehead and face. Cole emptied his balls into his lover's ass as he watched Cliff's massive load hit Josh's face. Josh wiped cum off his face and licked his fingers clean and gasped.

"I need to cum too."

Cole moved into position to be fucked and Josh got the lube and prepared the lovely ass. As Josh was fingering the shapely ass Cliff decided that he would fuck Josh. Cliff took the lube and fingered Josh's ass just as he often did with any girl's ass. Josh was leery of the big cock and he hoped that Cliff would be gentle. Josh slipped his cock into Cole's ass and began fucking him while Cliff continued to finger fuck Josh. Josh actually liked the anal penetration as he fucked Cole and he wished that Cliff had a slimmer cock. Cliff, satisfied that Josh's ass was well lubed, applied a generous amount of lube to his own cock. He moved in behind Josh and pushed his cock into the lovely ass. Josh panicked and pleaded with Cliff not to rush.

"Cliff, please go slow you're big, bigger than anything that's been in my ass."

"Fuck him Cliff, fuck his ass just like he's fucking mine," Cole urged.

Josh's fate was sealed and Cliff eased more of his cock into the sweet bottom. He was gentle though relentless in his quest to fuck the pretty gay boarder. He would push in a little and stop allowing Josh to adjust along the way. Finally, Cliff began a rocking motion and began fucking Josh slowly. Josh's ass had stretched enough now that he was comfortable with the big cock in him and he resumed fucking Cole. As Josh picked up the pace fucking Cole, he was pushing his own ass back onto Cliff's cock. Cliff stopped moving as he didn't have to while Josh was fucking Cole. Josh would bury his cock in Cole and in the process his ass would slide along Cliff's cock. When Josh withdrew slightly from Cole's ass, he impaled his ass on Cliff's cock. Cliff inched closer and closer as Josh seemed to be able to take more and more of his cock. Once he felt Cliff's pubic hair brush against his buttocks and he realized that Cliff was all the way in his ass. Josh couldn't believe that he had taken all of the big thick cock. He was proud of himself now and he picked up the pace fucking Cole and impaling himself of Cliff's cock.

Cliff came before Josh did but when he felt cum shoot into his ass, he lost it. Josh's buttocks tightened as he plunged his cock all the way into Cole's ass and unleashed his first load of the day. Josh flooded his lover's rectum with an enormous load, one of the largest he could remember. Josh's buttocks clenched and unclenched as he came in Cole's ass, he milked every drop of cum from Cliff's cock. Cliff caressed the shapely ass as he let his cock be milked dry. Cliff liked looking at the young men with their lily-white asses. In the doggy position, they could easily pass for pretty young women with lovely bottoms.
