 Chapter 12 - The Wedding

The wedding was driving Leroy insane. All his sisters, plus the sister-n-laws and girlfriends, were driving Leroy nuts. They wanted this type of wedding and then that type, they weren't taking any suggestions from him of what Dave and he would like. Dave and Leroy just wanted to get married, now he wished he wouldn't have opened his big mouth of saying that a traditional type wedding would be fun. He should have went with Dave up to the courthouse, married and got it over with.

They decided on Saturday, October 25th to get married. They have filed for the married license and found a friend that can officiate over the ceremony. So everything was falling in place if Leroy would just get his sisters to listen to him.

Dave and Leroy both decided right away that they were writing their own vows, they had been dreaming of this for so long. They wanted it to mean something more to them, than to just recite the traditional vows.

Dave walked into the family room and smiled, he could see how frustrated Leroy was becoming. He was hoping that the added stress that his sisters were putting on him, wasn't going to cause Leroy to have a seizure. Leroy looked up at Dave, threw his hands up in the air, gave up and walked out of the room.

Dave followed him. "Babe, just tell them, you don't want help."

"And piss Allison off, along with the others and your sister. Hell, just be glad they don't have one of us in a fucking dress."

Dave pulled Leroy into a hug. "I love you Leroy, calm down we don't need you getting too worked up about this. Let me talk to them, let me see if I can get through to them, on what we want."

"Have at it, I'm going for a walk." Leroy kissed Dave and walked out of the house.

Dave walked back into the family room and sat down; he watched them all bicker for a bit and then he spoke up. "Can I please interject?" Dave waited a minute until he had all their attention. "Have you even listened to Leroy?"

"Dave, we have, but we want to make this special for the two of you." Allison spoke for the group.

"Allison, even if we stood in front of a doll and expressed our love to one another, knowing we are getting married is more than special enough. Please simplify it, we love everything that you all are doing, but it doesn't need to be that elaborate. Also, I'm worried about Leroy, I hope he isn't stressing too bad about this."

"Sorry Dave, I know you two want it simple, I promise we will try, but..."

"Please Allison, simplify it and don't stress Leroy out, I don't want him having a seizure." Dave looked at them again. "I'm going to go look for Leroy, and take him to lunch. Then please can you listen to what we want."

"We will try." Allison responded.

Dave left the house, he drove up and down the streets until he found Leroy and asked him to get in the car. When Leroy settled in the seat beside Dave, Dave reached for Leroy's hand bringing it to his mouth and kissing it. "I love you, Leroy. I'm sorry that I have left you with dealing with the women, I should have helped a little more than just today."

"I love you too, but they're going to be the death of me. You won't have anyone to marry, if they push me just a little further." Leroy smiled at Dave. "Who am I kidding, I would drag myself up the aisle from my grave, just to marry you."

Dave just smiled and squeezed Leroy's hand as he headed towards the diner. "I thought we could have some lunch alone before I headed into work."

"Thank you, for keeping me out of the bitchfest for a bit longer." Leroy lean over and kissed Dave before they both exited the car.

*****

With lunch finished, Dave showered and dressed for work. Leroy had been staying away from the family room but when Dave walked out the door, he knew he couldn't keep avoiding everyone, so he walked back in and sat down.

"Leroy, we are sorry." Allison spoke again for the group. "We haven't been listening to what Dave and you want, and we are sorry for it. Please tell us now, and we will work on what you want for now on."

Leroy smiled and proceeded to tell them what they would prefer. Dave and he had laid in bed almost every night discussing how they would love their wedding to go.

*******

The bachelor parties were coming up, and the women and men had chosen who they wanted to take out, of course all the brothers wanted to take Leroy and that left Dave with the women.

The night before the wedding, the women picked Dave up. "Dave, I know you would probably prefer to be out with the guys and Leroy, but you get us." Allison explained. "You know that you are not allowed to see the person that you are marrying the night before the wedding."

"It's ok, Allison. Leroy has spent enough time with you all over the last three weeks. I think he deserves a good drinking night, but I hope that he is sober for the wedding." Dave laughed, but he did really worry about that. "So where are you taking me?"

"It's a secret." Bridget responded. "And when we get close, we are blindfolding you."

"Please, do you have to do that?"

Everyone in the van responded in a very loud. "YES!"

They started driving towards DC, and when they crossed over, they blindfolded Dave. He just shook his head and hoped that Leroy was having a wonderful time. He knew they would not allow him to return to the house tonight, that he would be staying at Allison's. Before leaving the house they had him pack a bag.

They pulled in the parking lot and helped get Dave out. They were a little early for the club to open but they had begged the manager to let them come in and they would pay anything. The manager had them set up in the VIP section, which was a higher fee but they were also paying for more than a few private dancers to dance for them.

When they made it to the doors the bouncers held the doors open for them, there were already a few people in line waiting for the club to open and were wondering how Allison's group had special treatment. When the doors opened, Dave could hear the music and pretty much could guess where he was. Allison and Jewels guided him to a nice comfortable chair and told him he had to leave his blindfold on for just a little longer.

Allison was talking to the manager, he would ran a tab for her area, which she would pay at the end of the night. She started ordering some of the drinks, she ordered Dave a frozen strawberry daiquiri, and decided he could drink like them for a bit before she let him drink beer. The daiquiri she ordered was big enough for five people to drink but she was going to make Dave drink the whole thing, thinking he could use a little alcohol in his system.

The first dancers were there before the drinks were brought over. The music started and all Dave felt were hands, hands all over him. When someone removed the blindfold, him mouth dropped open and one of the dancers decided to take the opportunity and kiss him. Dave didn't know what to do, so he just leaned back in the chair and smiled. The men in front of him were dancing and touching him and all the girls were smiling and taking a few pictures.

One of them straddled him in the seat and rubbed his cock up against Dave's jean covered one. Dave smiled and shook his head and looked over at Allison who was next to him, with one of the dancers in her lap as well. "You know if Leroy ever saw one of these pictures, we will be attending a funeral not a wedding tomorrow."

"It's ok; he is getting a stripper as well later." Allison smiled at Dave.

Dave laughed, he was thinking about Leroy, more than likely his brothers would give him a female stripper. The guy on Dave's lap got up and walked to one of the other woman in the group, Dave just shook his head and laughed. When the drinks were delivered, the half nude waiter handed the daiquiri to Dave and he didn't say anything, he just started drinking. He knew he was going to love this night, Leroy and he didn't do the club scene and definitely not the male strip clubs, not since they were younger.

When Dave had finished the daiquiri, Allison looked over to him and could tell that he was getting a little drunk. "Are you ok, Dave?"

"Yeah, I think they added more liquor to this than it was supposed to have. But I want another." Dave smiled at Allison. Allison motioned to the waiter and he came right over, she ordered Dave and her another drink and sent him down to the others.

*****

Leroy was picked up before Dave, the guys took him to Aaron's and they walked to a bar that was near. They all started drinking up a storm, they were just talking about anything and everything. "Are you looking forward to tomorrow, Leroy?" Chris asked.

"Yeah." Leroy responded, everyone could tell that Leroy was getting drunk. "You all don't know how long I've been wanting this."

"Leroy, I think we can guess. You two have been together forever." Aaron responded. "Shit I think we need to get you back to my house before you're too drunk to continue the fun. Plus I think Dave will kill us all if you aren't awake for the wedding."

"Where are you two going for you honeymoon anyways?" Jeff asked.

"I have no clue." Leroy responded.

"You two are going to go somewhere aren't you?" Pat asked.

"Yeah, Dave made those plans, I had to deal with the women the last three weeks, and he said he would deal with our honeymoon."

"And he hasn't told you?" Pat responded.

"Nope and I have asked, he knows I hate surprises." Leroy was slurring his responses. Aaron decided that they were going to leave before Leroy gets too drunk and they had a male stripper that no one else wanted in his house, he also hired a few female strippers.

They paid the bill at the bar and took the ten minute walk back to Aaron's place. Which seemed to sober everyone up a bit, but not completely, it wouldn't have mattered anyways because Aaron had a tub of beer in his basement and it wouldn't be long until the strippers were there.

Everyone filed into the basement and sat around on the couches and chairs. Aaron has made his basement into his man cave, but now that they have three kids Bridget has threaten to take it away from him to turn into the kids play room. But still for the time being he has his bar, huge TV and enough couches and chairs to have his brothers and friends over to watch a game and get drunk.

They were drinking again, it didn't take long for everyone to get their buzz back. Aaron got a text from the strippers that they were in his driveway so he went upstairs to let them in. He led them to the basement and all the guys started to hoot and holler. Leroy looked up and saw two very nice looking women and a good looking guy that Leroy just assumed was a bodyguard or something. He just frowned, thinking that it would be his luck that his brothers would hire two females. He was hoping that Dave was having a good time, he was sure he was getting male strippers because he was with the women, he was now wishing he would have taken the women, but his brothers wanted him.

The music started and Aaron sat down with the rest after talking to the guy with the two females, he pointed out Leroy to him and told him that he would be the only one interested in him. The females worked their way around to everyone dancing before taking their clothes off. The guy work his way slowing behind everyone, he didn't let Leroy know he was behind him until he put his hands on him, Leroy was watching the women working the guys and drinking his beer.

When the male stripper put his hands on Leroy, Leroy jumped he wasn't expecting anyone to touch him. He could see the two females in front of Aaron and Jeff so when the hands rubbed down his chest it shocked him. The male stripper walked around and got in front of Leroy. Started dancing for him and slowly took his clothes off, he even turned around and rubbed his ass all over Leroy's crouch. Leroy was a little embarrassed because when the guy did this he started getting erect.

Some of the guys in the room were watching the male stripper on Leroy and their mouths dropped open. They weren't expecting him to completely strip but he did, and he was erect as well. He grabbed Leroy's hands and put them on his hips as he performed a lap dance, really making Leroy hard, the stripper straddled Leroy's lap facing him. "I don't do this for every customer, but if you would like a happy ending, I wouldn't mind doing that for you." The stripper whispered as he leaned in rubbing Leroy's cock. Leroy just shook his head no, he didn't want to rely on his voice because what the stripper was doing just through his pants was sending him over his edge.

Leroy after a while had to push the stripper off of him, or he was going to blow. The stripper just smiled and slid off his lap, and dance in front of him for a minute longer, then the song ended and the two females were starting to pick their clothes up and get dressed, so he bent down once more and placed his hand on Leroy's cock and stroked it. Leroy just looked the guy in his eyes and shook his head no again, he releases Leroy, steps back and gathers his closes as well.

Leroy stands to adjust himself and the guys just laugh at him. "Hey, I see bulges in your pants as well." He walks over and grabs him up another beer and drops back down in the chair hoping his cock would soften a little, because it was getting to be very uncomfortable. He looked over at Aaron he had escorted the three back up the stairs and came back down. They all sat around talking and drinking some more, and slowly one by one passed out where they were sitting.

*****

Dave and the women made it back to Allison's home by two that morning, everyone just walked in and crashed where they wanted. Allison told Dave to go into their guest bedroom, he was trying to protest saying he would just sleep on the floor and let others have the beds, but she insisted that he needed to be well rested for the wedding.

When Dave went to bed, Allison and Bridget walked into her bedroom to sleep. "Have you heard from Aaron?" Bridget asked.

"He texted when they made it to the house before the strippers got there, but other than that, no nothing else." They plopped into the bed. "I haven't even heard anything from Jason, I guess they are having too good of a time to text or talk."

"Well, how can I get mad at Aaron when we all had male strippers in our laps." Bridget giggled.

"We better get some sleep, we have a lot to do in the morning, to get ready for this. I'm hoping the guy's head over at a decent hour, I know Aaron will be taking Leroy to breakfast but the guys better be here."

*****

The next morning, the guys one by one started to wake, Leroy had laid in the floor sometime in the middle of the night, so when he came to, he was stiff. Aaron came down after running upstairs to shower and found Leroy trying to get off the floor. "Are you getting that old?"

"Fuck you, and just help me up." Leroy responded.

Jason, Jeff and Ken, Dave's brother-in-law had already showered and left for Allison's, Patrick and Chris were just sitting there trying to wake up. "Guys come on, get up, the women are expecting you over at Allison."

"Yeah but what sucks is, Leroy and you get to go have breakfast and don't have to show up until noon or later. What time is the wedding anyways?"

"Two and we will be there a little after noon, so Leroy can start getting ready. He doesn't have to help out, and I get a free pass for being his best man." Aaron smiled at his two younger brothers, then he turned to Leroy. "Leroy, go up to my room and shower, they can in the other bathroom. Your jeans and stuff is sitting on my bed, your tux along with Dave's is at Allison's." Leroy just nodded and headed up the stairs.

After his shower he felt a little more human, he wasn't as stiff and he knew he shouldn't have drank as much as he did, but he knew he was only going to have one bachelor party. Aaron walked into the room and asked if he was ready. "I'm sitting here in my fucking boxers on your bed and you are asking if I'm ready."

"Well shit Leroy, it's getting late, do you realize you were in the shower for almost an hour?"

"I was what?" He looked at Aaron and Aaron nodded his head. "No, at tops twenty minutes."

"No, Leroy, you were in their almost an hour it's now ten, I came down at nine to get the rest of you up." Leroy couldn't believe it but he was tired and very hung over, he finished getting dress and they both left out for the diner to eat breakfast.

*****

Dave woke in pretty good shape that morning; he woke to Jewels staring at him. "Morning Jewels."

"Morning Dave, the guys are here and they are setting up the back yard. Allison sent me in to get you in the shower. She said you can dress in jeans until closer to the time, but you are not to help out in any way, you can watch but everyone else will do everything."

Dave just shook his head and got up, he was still wearing the clothes from the night, he just dropped into the bed. When he got up Jewels pointed him to Allison's bedroom and bathroom and he went in and shut the door. He found his bag there with everything he needed to shower and dressed.

He walked out into the backyard and he was amazed the weather was beautiful it was already seventy degrees and they had almost all the chair set up along with an arbor covered with flowers for Dave's friend to stand in while conducting the ceremony. He walked over to Allison, "Allison, this is beautiful."

"Thank you, Dave. I hoped that Leroy and you loved it. I can't wait until you two are getting married and it's less than three hours, it's going to be wonderful."

"I'm sure Leroy will love what this looks like as well. When will he be here, I can't wait to see him."

"You don't get to see him until you two are both walking down the aisle, but he will be here around one, I think."

There were people arriving, and when Aaron brought Leroy in a little before one, he had texted Allison to tell her they were there and she pulled Dave into her bedroom. Aaron brought Leroy through the house and he was taken to the pool house, he saw the backyard as he was walking through it, and some of the guest either hugged or shook his hand as he walked by.

When he walked into the pool house he found his tux hanging there along with blue silk boxers, socks and his new patent leather shoes. He didn't know anything about the boxers and picked them up and looked at Aaron. "Don't ask me, Allison thought they would feel good on the two of you."

"Dave is wearing them too?"

"Yup." He laughed at Leroy. "They do feel good Leroy; I was wearing a pair of them when I got married."

"Yeah yeah Aaron." They both just started stripping and got dressed in their tuxes. When they were finished, Jewels came in and put a boutonniere on both of them.

"Leroy you look wonderful, Allison said you can come to the house now, they still have Dave in her bedroom but it's almost time." Jewels told him.

When Leroy and Aaron walked out of the pool house, Leroy looked at everyone there, he saw all of his brothers and wives or girlfriends. He saw some extended family and then he saw his father walking towards him. "Leroy you look handsome."

"Thanks, Dad." They hugged than Aaron escorted him back into the house and saw Terry standing there with his boyfriend Shane, Terry was Dave's best man. "Hey Terry."

"Leroy, well it's almost time isn't it. I guess Aaron and I should be getting outside." Aaron looked at him and nodded and they left, Shane hugged Leroy before he left to his position by the door. Leroy just stood there for a minute looking out at the crowd of people.

Allison walked up behind Leroy. "Leroy, it's time. You know when you two need to walk out." She hugged him and walked out the doors.

Leroy turned around when he heard Dave clear his throat, and he almost stopped breathing. They looked at one another and smiled, Leroy took the few steps that separated them, reached up, grasped Dave's cheeks in his hands and kissed him. They could hear the music playing outside but they couldn't seem to let go of one another. Everyone outside started to laugh because they knew Dave and Leroy were a little lost in one another and that is why they didn't hear their cue to come out.
