 I love to receive blowjobs. I had fucked a lot of women and received numerous blowjobs from them. But I had always heard that men could give the best blowjobs. This led to a daydream I thought would never come true - receiving a blowjob from a man just to see if this was true.

I was afraid to advertise on the web or gay message boards because someone I knew might see my ad. If this got back to my boss I would lose my job. This held true for the porno shops too. I could not risk going into the gay section. So I bought a gay movie and took it home. I would watch it and fantasize about the hot blowjobs I saw on the video. I had all most given up on my fantasy coming true but all of this changed the day my VCR broke down.

I was searching the ads to find the best deal on a new VCR when I ran across a promising ad for a used VCR and camera. I called the number listed in the ad and talked to a man, named Bob, who owned the VCR and camera. He said the reason he was selling was that he was buying some more up to date video equipment. He further offered to bring the VCR and camera over and hook them up and let me try them. After some more talk I readily agreed and told Bob to bring them over.

I was still dressed in my 'home' uniform, open sleeveless shirt, loose-fitting jogger shorts, no underwear and bare footed. Since I was not going to have to go out, I saw no reason to change. When I opened the door, I saw indeed, I was not the only one who liked to dress casual.

Bob was dressed in sandals, short sleeve shirt, open at the top three buttons, and he too had on loose-fitting jogger shorts. He was a good-looking man about 30. His blond hair was about shoulder length. He was clean shaven and of medium size. I greeted him and led him into the den where my large screen TV and broken VCR was.

Before I could have ever got one cable loose, he had the 'new' VCR and even the camera hooked up. He asked me to move closer so he could show me how to operate the equipment. Standing close and to the side of me, he picked up a tape lying beside the TV and popped it into the VCR. He then showed me how to start the video running with the camera. He then flipped the camera off and the video on.

As the video started I realized he had picked up my one and only gay video. I was paralyzed with fear and embarrassment. The video started but was off frame. Bob reached in front of me to adjust the tracking. When the picture came on it was my favorite one. It showed a man and woman taking turns sucking a big dick. As embarrassed as I was, I was to be embarrassed even more by my dick, which was starting to get hard.

When Bob leaned back to look at the picture, this caused his arm to press against my shameless dick. Instead of pulling his arm away, when he saw what was playing he seemed to press harder which made my cock get even harder. To help me get over my embarrassment, Bob assured me he liked this kind of movie too. Smiling at me he stated, "Damn what a cock! Boy that other guy sure knows how to suck cock. Let's watch."

Then Bob slid his arm and hand back across my shorts. Here more embarrassment awaited me. Because I had no underwear on, my rock hard cock was tenting the leg of my shorts and making a wet spot there. I felt my cock smearing pre-cum on his arm. But this did not embarrass Bob, when his hand reached my cock he sort of paused there with his hand loosely on my cock.

"WOW!" Bob exclaimed, "That guy has nothing on you, Dave. You sure have one fine piece of meat too."

I was flabbergasted, I didn't know what to say or do. When I didn't resist or pull my cock away, Bob tightened his hand on my by now throbbing man-hood. "Uggg" was all I could mutter as my cock with a mind of its own pushed back at his hand.

As he started to gently stroke my cock, he whispered, "Let's get this big boy out in the open. Not waiting for an answer or letting go of my hard cock, he slipped my unbuttoned shirt off and then kneeling in front of me, he slid my shorts off revealing my 7+-inch cock.

Without another word he slipped his hot, wet, mouth over my cock head and after giving me some sucks like I had never felt before, he skillfully deep-throated my cock till his nose was pressed in my pubic hair. I was speechless - never had anyone ever deep-throated me - nor had I ever felt anything as wet and hot as his mouth. All I could do was poke my cock at him, moan, and run my fingers through his long hair. I was hooked and he knew it.

After a few more hot sucks and deep throating me a few more times he pulled his hot mouth off my cock. He quickly stood up and quick as a blink shed his shirt and shorts too. He was completely naked under his shorts and his hard 9" cock stood straight up. But that was not all. Bob was completely hairless on all his body except for one small tuff just above his lovely cock. 

At the sight of his hairless body and big cock, my cock jumped and even grew harder. I could not believe it, here I stood in my own home, in broad daylight, completely naked in front of a naked stranger and I was having a sexual reaction to seeing his cock. This was first time I had ever been naked in front of a man, much less a naked man that had kissed and sucked on my cock. But even more, baffling, I was becoming extremely sexually aroused just looking at the hard cock pointing straight at me; as a matter of fact, I was more aroused than I had been for a long time. 

Bob then stood up and put his arms around me and pulled me close. He slid his hands down my back to my ass cheeks and pulling on my ass ground his big cock against my stomach. I can never explain the erotic thrill I felt as I felt his naked man body pressed against mine. I was tingling with sexual cravings never before known to me. His hard cock pressing tight against my man-hood was a wild and completely new experience to me. It raised me to new and sensual heights I never dreamed existed. I was completely over come my all these new wonderful sexual feelings garnered from feeling Bob’s hard cock pressing against my naked body.

He then slid one hand back up my back and behind my head. He then pressed his lips against mine. When I did not respond Bob pulled back and looked at me quizzically.

"What's the matter?" he asked.

"I...er..I nev...I have never done this...." I said my voice trailing off with embarrassment.

"Never kissed a man...or never been with a man?" Bob asked bewildered. "But what about that movie?"

"I...er...that er was...er is my fantasy," I replied with embarrassment. "I fantasize about getting a man blow-job," I blurted out even more embarrassed.

"Want me to make your fantasy come true?" he gently asked, smiling at me and still holding my body pressed tight against his.

"Pl...please..." I murmured, scared but yet excited that at last my fantasy was going to come true I was going to get my cock sucked by a man. Boy - did I ever!

"Let's do this right," Bob said as he led me over and laid me on top of my large armless couch. He then kneeled between my legs and started kissing and licking my cock till it was standing straight up and harder than it had ever been.

"Just a minute," said Bob, pulling his mouth off my throbbing dick. "Let's record this." 

Bob then went over to his stuff selected a blank tape and plugged it into the VCR. He then put the camera on a tripod and aimed it at me. I looked at the TV screen and what I saw amazed me.

There I lay like a whore in heat with my cock pointing straight up. When Bob zoomed in on it I could even see the pre-cum leaking out the head of my cock and running down the shaft and into my cock hair.

I had never experienced anything like this. All I could do was grin like a cock slut and say, "Damn," over and over as I saw myself on the screen.

Bob then set the camera on automatic and kneeled between my legs and started to work on my drooling dick. He rubbed my cock all over his face and then he started licking my cock. He licked the pre-cum off the shaft and off my balls. Bob kissed his way back up my shaft and then slipped his mouth over my cock head. Holding my cock head in his mouth he began to swirl his tongue around the rim of my cock head paying especial attention to the underside.

All the time I was moaning with uncontrolled passion. "OH suck it! OH FUCK! That feels so goooood! Ohhhhh yesss. YES!!" I screamed completely out of control. 

Bob's mouth was lifting me to heights of sex I never knew existed. Bob later explained there were bow-jobs, and then there was COCKSUCKING! Cocksucking at its very best was what I was now receiving from his skilled lips and mouth.

Bob used some of the saliva and pre-cum to lube his fingers. He then eased one finger gently into my ass. I was so high on sex I hardly felt it as he pushed that first finger in me (I had had a woman do this to me before). After a little bit my ass relaxed even more.

He then fucked his finger in and out my ass as his mouth fucked down on my lust-swollen cock. The feeling of having my cock encased in his sucking mouth and throat as he finger fucked my ass set my sexual emotions on fire and caused me to beg for more.

"OH SUCK ME!!!! OH DO MY ASS!!! MORE!! MORE PLEASE!! OH FUCK!! DON”T STOP...PLEASE DON”T STOP!" I begged over and over like the sex slut I was becoming.

Spurred on by my begging, Bob really rammed my ass with his finger as he alternated between deep-throating me and sucking on the head of cock. When he ‘rubbed’ my prostate gland my cum began to boil out of my ball sac and up the stem of my dick. 

OF FUCK!!!" I screamed. "SUCK ME! ohhhh fuckkk here it comes. OH shit suck me dry...eat me. NOWWWWWW!"

I shot load after load of cum into Bob's lovely cocksucking mouth till I was completely spent. Never had I ever cum as hard or as much as I did then. It was like no cum I had ever had – it was the record cum of all times.

Bob licked me clean and then licked his way up my body till he was lying completely on top of me. I could feel his hard pre-cum leaking cock pressed next to my stomach. Bob then once again put his lips on mine. This time I welcomed his kiss. I opened my lips and received my first man kiss. His lips were so soft and tender as he kissed me. I could taste the aftermath of my cum on his lips. It was a little tangy and salty but still lost in the throes of desire I never really thought much about it.

As I opened my mouth to receive his kiss, he slipped his tongue between my waiting lips. Damn could he kiss. His tongue entwined with mine in a passionate kiss I will never forget. I gratefully returned the kiss to those sweet lips that had given me my first man COCKSUCKING.

After we had kissed and caressed for a few minuets, Bob rolled off me and asked, "Well, how was your first? Do you see the difference between just a blow job and a real cocksucking?" 

"Oh Bob, I never knew anything could feel so wonderful. Man! you drained me...no more blow jobs for me...just real man cocksucking!" I replied looking at his puffy lips and marveling at the erotic joy they had just given me.

"This really was your first time, wasn't it?" Bob asked.

"Yes...." I murmured. And then out of the blue I asked a question I had never even thought about before. "Bob...I er...may I uh...Bob may I touch your cock?"

I had never touched a man's cock before nor ever thought I would want to. But now I was really curious and wanted to touch his just to see what another man’s cock felt like. Also, not being a selfish lover, I was sort of thinking about maybe giving him a hand job to 'pay' for the wonderful cocksucking he had given me. 

I thought he might laugh at my request, but instead he answered, "Of course Dave. I would love for you to touch my cock."

I timidly reached down and took hold of the first ever cock I had ever touched besides mine. It was sort of skin soft and bone hard all at the same time. Bob's cock was hot to my touch and almost scared me the way it jumped in my hand.

"WOW!" was all I could say at this new experience of feeling another man's dick in my hand, plus it felt natural holding his throbbing cock in my hand. The first ‘buds’ of cock love were blossoming. 

"Yes!" sighed Bob as I started kissing my way down his smooth body as naturally as if I had done it many times. When I reached his nipples I gasped at the size of them. They were about as big around as a grade school pencil and stuck out about haft-inch. I love big nipples and I really went to work on his. 

Bob began thrashing about and moaning as I bit and pulled on his nipples. "Oh fuck, Dave...suck them hard...bite them," he begged pushing his nipples up at me.

I knew this was turning him on and getting him hot because I could feel his pre-cum running down his big cock and over my hand. In times pass this would have been repugnant to me, but now it was exciting to know I was able to arouse him and this in turn was stimulating to me, causing me to really get into making love to his body.

After I had sucked his nipples some more I continued licking and kissing my way down his chest and stomach. I licked and kissed to the tuff of hair over his hard cock. I then spread his legs and without even a second thought, I succumbed to my newfound lust and kissed my way down beside his cock and balls. 

Bob was really moaning now, "Oh, OH YES DAVE! Oh you got me so hottt. So fucking hot. OH STROKE THAT COCK!"

Bob's sexy begging and pleading spurred me on with more boldness than I ever dreamed I had. I then gently for the first time touched and lifted another man's ball sac. It was hairless, large and sort of sexy soft. As I held his cum filled sac in one hand and his big cock in my other hand, I was amazed at how beautiful they were and how big a thrill I was getting from touching them.

Without even thinking, I reached out and kissed my first set of balls. I then gently licked them and kissed them all over. Bob was beside himself with lust. I then pulled back and looked at the lovely man cock I held in my other hand. Its cum drooling head was bell shaped with a piss slit on top that was drooling cum all over his shaft and my hand. His shaft was long and about as big around as a half-dollar.

I had saw pictures of cocks before, but none were as beautiful as this lovely man cock I now held in my hand. I gently released his ball sac and took his cock in both my hands. To my surprise, there was still a whole lot of cock still sticking out my hands. This was one big beautiful cock. I had never before experienced the erotic sexual heights I was now climbing as I held on to this my first real man's love tool. I knew one thing though; this would not be the last time I held a hard cock in my hand. 

Turned on by a new sexual passion that completely controlled me, I leaned over and began to rub this beautiful cock head all over my face. Sexual fire shot through me as I felt wet cock pre-cum on my face for the first time. I knew then I wanted to kiss and make love to this throbbing man meat like I had never made love to any thing before. 

I started by licking all around the shaft exposed above my hands. I then began licking around the rim of his beautiful cock head. I was becoming intoxicated on my first tastes of pre-cum. I began licking it up like a cat lapping up milk. 

Bob reached down and touched my head,” You don't have to," he murmured.

Briefly pulling my lips away from his glistening love pole, I replied, "I want to...I need to...Oh fuck Bob, I have never been so fucking hot as I am loving your wonderful cock!" I exclaimed, returning to kiss and lick the first cock I had ever held besides mine.

Gone now was any idea of a 'hand-job,' I knew without a doubt I wanted that lovely cock in my mouth. I wanted to suck cock; I wanted taste for the first time cock milk. With my sexual hormones boiling, I quickly went to work on Bob's cock like the cock slut I was fast becoming. I wanted to suck cock – I wanted to be a real cocksucker.

I tried to stick my tongue in his cum leaking piss slit. Then after licking all the pre-cum off his cock head, I slid my lips over their very fist cock. I was beside my self - never had I felt anything as wonderful as the joy of having my mouth spread and lips locked around their very first big cock.

Because I was now on my knees between Bob's legs, I had a good angle to suck on his cock. And suck I did! I would run my tongue around the head and then clamp down on it with my lips. Then slowly but surely, I began to work more and more of this large fuck stick into my mouth. When Bob's big cock hit the back of my mouth, I changed my angle and soon had swallowed his cock till my lips were touching my hands.

Al Bob could do was moan over and over, "Oh fuck Dave! OH FUCK DAVE!! Suck that cock...yesss!!!"

Spurred on by his encouragement, I removed one of my hands and started to push my throat down on his cock. At first my throat spasmed. But Bob told me to breath slow and easy through my nose. He then fed me his hot cock a little at a time. As I paused and started breathing through my nose, I happened to glance at the TV. 

"Damn" I could not believe it, there I was, my face was flushed with raw lust and my mouth was full of Bob's large cock. What a turn on, so aroused did I become seeing myself being face fucked by a big nine inch cock that my throat relaxed and after taking a little more on each down strok, Bob's cock slid completely down my throat.

Never had I felt such sexual fulfillment as I did having my throat full of its first man cock. My throat was no longer a virgin - a big nine-inch cock had lovingly taken my throat virginity away. I had deep-throated my very first cock. Such a sexual thrill was it that I felt my cock leap hard again and drip pre-cum on my legs. I knew then, I had not only had my fantasy about getting my cock sucked by a man cum true, but I had also discovered that sucking a cock is just as wonderful – maybe even more. Yes I had found true happiness - sucking COCKS!

I then applied all I had learned from Bob sucking my dick, and started to give his big cock the cocksucking it deserved. I would rotate from kissing and licking and sucking the head to deep-throating his lovely hunk of man's love pole. I knew next I wanted to feel and taste my first load of cum.

With this idea in mind, I really went to work on his lovely cum giver. I only regretted I could not deep-throat his cock and suck cum out of its head at the same time. But by accident I discovered I could give this feeling to Bob.

I had had my hands tucked under Bob's hot ass as I sucked and swallowed his cock. I pulled my hands from under his ass and rubbed the hot pre-cum that was flowing from my dick onto my hands. Then wanting to really work on Bob's cock I again grabbed it with both hands and clamped my lips down on his cock head all at the same time.

Bob went wild. He said my warm cum covered hands clasped tightly around his cock made it feel like it was encased in my throat. That, coupled with my lips clamped tight around his cock head, gave the sensation of being deep-throated and having his cock head sucked all at the same time. 

"Oh yes...do it Dave. Ohhhhh suck me dry...drink my cum. OH YES!! Suck that cock...NOWWWW!!!" he screamed as he pumped his hot load of cum into my virgin mouth.

For the first time I felt a man's hot cum fill my mouth. With one giant shot of cum, Bob's large cum shooting cock took away my mouth's virginity forever and made me a cum lover forever. I was so savoring my first taste of cum that I almost forgot to swallow. Bob's next discharge of man nectar filled by mouth full. I readily swallowed my first cum. I then pushed my mouth down on his spewing cock and his next couple spurts went straight down my cock loving throat to my cum craving stomach. 

Drinking my first cum I was in a different world, the erotic world of cocks and cum. I couldn't get enough cock cum. I sucked on his love pole till it was done shooting cum and had lost some of it firmness. 
