 After I had sucked my first cock dry and Bob had reassured me I was a real cocksucker, he pulled me to back up on the couch till I was lying along beside of him. I was amazed at how wonderful was the feel of his smooth naked body pressed next to mine as we shared the after-glow of our hot sex. I had never experienced anything like this ever. I loved the feel of his warm big cock pressed against my naked stomach and cock as his aroused nipples pressed into my hairy chest. This caused my dick to even get harder. 

This time I did not wait for Bob to try and kiss me, instead I pressed my sex puffed lips against his warm lips and kissed him as I had never kissed anyone before. Bob instantly responded, returning my kiss with the erotic vigor that only a fulfilled lover can give.

Bob then taught me what "French kissing" was all about as his tongue entwined around mine in a sexual dance all its own. My mouth, which had just been treated to its first cock, was now being tongued fucked by its first man tongue. I had never been kissed with as much passion or felt as much passion as I was now receiving from the mouth of the man who had made me a true cock lover. 

Breaking from our cock hardening tongue fucking, and breathing hard, Bob murmured, "In a moment lover... In a moment... " He then reached down beside the couch and picked up the camera remote and pushed stop. "Let's rewind and see what we got."

As the video was rewinding Bob slipped out of my arms and got up off the couch, explaining, "I want to get something out of my bag."

As Bob walked over to his bag, I could not help but admire how well shaped his body was. His soft shoulders gave away to a tan, smooth back that ended in a beautifully shaped ass. I never thought I would call a man's ass beautiful, but Bob had the perfect shaped ass, almost like a heart(it had sure won my heart). His legs were smooth and tan and they too were perfect, almost like a model’s.

When Bob leaned over to get something out of his bag, I almost shot my load. Leaning over exposed his smooth shaved ass bud. But even more, I was treated to a view of his large ball sac and big cock hanging down between his legs. When he straighten back up and turned around, the view was even more breath taking. His larger nipples were still aroused from our lovemaking. But what caught my breath most was his lovely 9-inch cock.

As I watched Bob, not walk, but sort of `flow' across the floor, my dick got even harder and I licked my lips at this lovely sight unfolding before me. Bob's big cock was still semi-hard and swayed back and forth as he came towards me. Sexual fire shot through my body as I watched this lovely cock that had taken my mouth's virginity and filled me with my first load of sweet man cum. Never had any sexual sight ever lifted me as high as did this big cock that had indeed made me a real cocksucker – a cocksucker who wanted to suck this beautiful cock that was swaying just inches away. 

This new feeling of sexuality at first shocked me. As of just a few hours ago I was only into eating and fucking pussy and fantasying about getting my cock sucked by a man. But now, all that seemed in the distant pass; now I wanted to be the one sucking cock. The thrill I had felt from holding a man’s cock and then rubbing it on my face and taking it into my mouth was indescribable. Yes, anyway I looked at it, sucking Bob’s cock had lit a fire in me that would not go out – I was a willing cocksucker. I knew at that moment I would never get enough cock or cock cum. Now I wanted that cock back inside of me – it would be - but not where I thought.

It was as if Bob had read my thoughts. Smiling at my obvious arousal, Bob walked over to me and lifted up his cock and let me kiss its beautiful head. I tried to take it in my mouth, but after a few wonderful licks and kisses, Bob pulled his lovely man pole away from my greedy cum loving lips.

"Not yet, my hot little cocksucker, I have some other sexual delights for you," Bob smiled as he rubbed his sex pole over my mouth for one last tantalizing taste of man meat. He then lay back down on the couch beside me pressing his chest against my face. I quickly slipped my lips around one of his enlarged nipples.

"Ohhhh," Bob moaned as I pulled his nipple into my sucking mouth. "Suck them hard... pleaseeee... Oh fuck Dave... bite it... chew that fucking nipple... Yessss. Oh fuck make me your Bitch!" he begged. (Bob later told me he loved to talk, and be talked to dirty, when he was making love. This was fine with me; I also liked ‘hot fuck’ talk while making love.)

As I worked on his big nipples, Bob flipped the video back on. The first thing I saw was my cock sticking straight up in the air and me grinning like some street walking whore. There was a few close ups of my cock, after that some of the shots were not too good because the camera had been on automatic. But Bob being the good cameraman he was had it placed so that a lot of the shots were real revealing. 

I watched in fascination as I saw my cock disappear into Bob's mouth for the first time. I saw his lips puff out as my cock shot its first load into a man's mouth. But what was really hot was me being ably to watch as my mouth received its first cock. I saw me sucking on his bell shaped cock head as my two hands held their first piece of man meat. 

I nearly cum again when I saw his gigantic love pole slide completely into my virgin throat. I could see my throat swell as its first ever cock slid down into it. I watched in erotic fascination as Bob's love pole fucked my mouth, forever taking away my mouth's virginity. I could not help but sigh as I saw my cheeks swell with my mouth's very first load of hot cum. I licked my lips as I watched Bob's love nectar seep out around his cock and run down my chin.

"OH FUCK!! OH FUCK!!" was all I could moan as I watched the first cock I had ever sucked pull out of my mouth glistening with my salvia all over it. I watched my sluttish cum covered lips lovingly kissed the head of that beautiful man meat tenderly held in my hands.

"That is so fucking hot!" exclaimed Bob. "You are one real cocksucking, cock loving whore!" 

As I glowed in his praise of my cock sucking ability, Bob slid a hand between us and took hold of my throbbing cock. This set me on fire and I really began acting like the cock-crazed slut I had now become. 

"Yes!" I moaned against his tit, as he flipped the camera back on record. 

"Stroke that COCK! Make me your whore... ohhhhh... damn," I cried biting on his aroused nipple as I pressed my naked sex enflamed body against Bob's hot body and lovely cock. Never had I been sexually aroused as Bob could arouse me. But if I though I was high on sex now, even better was to come.

Leaning back a little from me Bob asked "Dave? Will you do something for me!"

As high on sex as Bob had me, I would have done anything, given him my house whatever... All I could do was barely moan against his nipple, "Anything, baby... anythingggg."

Then this lovely sex machine asked me a question I had never been asked by a man before. "Will you fuck me... please fuck my ass... " he begged.

I was so high on sex that I never even hesitated. "Yes... let me fuck you Bob... please let me fuck you... " I readily agreed, wanting only to please the one who turned me on like I had never been before.

Reaching beside the couch, Bob handed me the tube of `lube' he had gotten out of his bag. 

"Use this... " he said as he spread his legs so I could reach his cock craving ass.

Taking the lube I put some on my finger and began to massage my first man pussy. I rubbed my finger all around his bud and then gently pressed my finger into his waiting ass.

"Ohhh," moaned Bob pushing back on my virgin finger and pleading, More... More... please." 

I responded by pushing a second finger in his squirming ass. Bob was so hot that his ass offered no resistance at all. It seemed even to try to suck my fingers into its depths. 

"OH! Finger that ASS Baby! Do IT!" Bob pleaded, as he rotated his ass on my probing fingers.

I really went to town on his ass then. I was rewarded by feeling his ass become looser and looser as my fingers worked in and out and all around stretching it to receive my cock.

"Now! Now!!," pleaded Bob. "Put your cock in meeee... please fuck me!! FUCK ME NOW!!!"

Bob lay on his back with his legs spread and lifted back towards his shoulders. I quickly slid my fingers out and kneeled and pushed my cum drooling cock into its first ever man's ass-pussy. 

"Ohhh," sighed Bob, as the head of my cock slid pass his ass ring and into his love tunnel.

I looked up at the TV and saw my cock slide into its first ever man's ass. I could not take my eyes off the screen as I watched Bob's ass take my entire cock as he fucked back hard against me. I was beside my self, feeling his ass tighten up on my out stroke and then loosen up as I thrust back into his hot ass.

"Yes... Yes!!" I shouted pumping my cock in and out of his humping ass. Damn I had never felt anything this erotic or good.

Bob's ass was fucking my cock like it had never been fucked before. This caused me to scream out as I became lost in sexual lust. 

"Take that cock... Take that cock Bitch... fuck the cum out of me you fucking whore!" I shouted as I plowed my first man pussy. 

"Yes!! Tighten up on that cock... make me cummmm... Oh fuck me nowww... tear my dick offff... yessss," I begged, fucking as I had never fucked before. I rammed his ass like there would be no tomorrow. His hot ass slamming back on my cock met each of my thrusts. 

My hot cries of ass lust were returned by Bob's begging me to fuck harder and harder. "OH! Fuck me Dave... fuck my ass hard. OHHHHH please ram me. RAM MY ASS, YES Oh YES FUCK ME!!! FUCK ME HARDER!"

"Oh FUCK!!" I shouted, "I'm going to cummmm. OH FUCK!! milk me dry Baby. Fuck my cock... take it!! Take my cum! TAKE IT ALLLLL!" I pleaded as I shot my first ever load of cum into a man pussy.

Glancing at the TV screen, we looked like two wild men. Bob's mouth was gaped opened as he begged me to fuck harder, and I was panting and out of control as I watched my cock fuck faster and faster in Bob's humping ass. I watched in rapt amazement as I shot my load of cum deep into Bob's lovely ass. It was like his ass was sucking my cock and balls dry.

Completely spent, I collapsed on top of Bob with my cock still lodged in his ass. As I kissed his lips, I whispered, "That was the best fuck my dick has ever had."

"That's nothing... just wait... " he breathed returning my kiss.

As my cock slid out of Bob's cum filled ass he turned me over so he could reach my ass. He then smeared lube all over his rock hard cock and my puckered ass bud.

"Yes, YES!!" I cried as I felt his slippery finger enter my willing ass. My ass readily relaxed as he slid first one and then two more fingers in my ass. It was a little uncomfortable at first, but soon my sex-inflamed mind caused my ass to relax and receive his fingers. I wanted to feel the sexual erotica Bob had felt as I fucked him.

Bob had me positioned so I could watch the TV. Watching my virgin ass being fucked by his fingers excited me even more. My whore's ass completely relaxed as I watched his fingers ready me for my first ass fuck by a man's cock.

"Let me have your dick. Oh please fuck my ass deep... PUT THAT FUCKING COCK IN MY ASS!" I screamed completely becoming cock crazy and begging for my first ass fuck.

I could not believe the words my mouth was screaming as I watched Bob's cock head slide into my stretched willing ass. But there it was happening on TV so I could watch it over and over. This lifted my sexual emotions even higher. There was some pain at first; but my untamed craving to be ass fucked and Bob having finger fucked my ass good, coupled with me actually being able to see on TV the cock that had taken my mouth’s virginity now poised to take my ass’ virginity, greatly offset the pain. 

As my ass became use to Bob’ cock, I begged, “MORE COCK! GIVE ME MORE COCK!!”

Bob was gentle as he pushed his hard cock into my ass for the first time. He would push, pull back a little, then push again, putting a little more man meat in my ass each time. 

Although Bob was gentle, I was not. I wanted that hard man cock all the way into my virgin ass. I was enflamed by pure cock lust as I watched my virgin ass receive its first cock there on the TV screen. With one big sexual upward thrust, I was impaled completely on 9 hot and hard inches of man cock. After the initial pain of Bob’s cock head pushing past my sphincter the pain was minimal; all I remember was having my ass completely full of cock. 

When Bob began to fuck in and out my ass, it was as if my ass had a mind of its own. I began to fuck back on his man pole as I had never fucked before. As his big dick would push against my cum gland (as Bob called it) I became a wild bitch whore who could not get enough hard cock.

"FUCK ME!! FUCK MY ASS!!!" I begged Bob as he fucked me harder and deeper. "OH please fuck my ass... let me be your whore," I cried over and over.

"Take it! Take it all BITCH!! Take my cock. YES!! open that ass my little PUSSY!!" shouted Bob as he started fucking me with long hard strokes. 

Watching on the TV I could see his big cock pull out of my ass and then plunge back in till I could feel his cum laden ball sac bounce off my ass cheeks. "Man, this fucking at its best," I cried as my ass received its first fucking.

Grabbing hold of his ass cheeks I helped him slam his throbbing cock over and over into my no longer virgin ass. I had become a complete slave to his cock. It was wild watching me lose my virginity on TV. My legs were spread and pulled so far back over my shoulders I could see my own cum drooling cock standing straight up as Bob fucked his big cock into my humping ass.

As Bob’s big cock massaged my prostate or ‘cum gland’ I could feel the cum boiling in my balls and pushing up my cock. I couldn't believe it... I was going to cum again... this time with no ass, mouth, hand, or anything helping except the ass fucking I was receiving from Bob's big cock.

"OH FUCK BOB!" I shouted, "I'm going to cummmmm."

"YES BITCH!" he shouted, "Shoot your cum all over us as I fill your whore ass with my cum. Take it slut!! Squeeze my cock with that ass. FUCK MY DICK YOU BITCH!! FUCK IT HARD YOU WHORE!!! ugggg here it CUMMMMSSS... "

Just as I felt my ass receive its first load of cum, my cock cut loose with its big load of cum. Enflamed by the sight of my cum running down Bob’s chest and dripping back on my cock, I fucked up on his spewing man pole forever removing my cock loving ass's virginity.

All I could do was moan, "Yes, yesssss, so fucking goooood," as my ass tightened and squirmed on the big cock lodged deep in it.

I was in cock Utopia! I had had my cock sucked as never before; I had sucked my first cock and drank my first cum; I had fucked my first man pussy; and now I had been fucked by a lovely 9 inch cock that had filled my ass with cum - all this in one day! I had never been as sexual fulfilled as Bob had fulfilled me. I knew now all I wanted was to suck and fuck hot cocks till I was completely filled with cum.

I held Bob tight and sighed, "I have never felt anything as good as that... "

As Bob reached between our cum laden bodies and clasped my dick, he promised, "There is more and better to cum... 

Be sure to watch for my next adventure as Bob invites Dave to cum star in his movie... 

Ted