 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This story contains straight sex, bisexual sex, gay sex and incest.

DUSTIN GIVES IN TO HIS ANAL DESIRE

It had been weeks since Dustin had anal sex and Brandon would not be home for another four weeks. He had not been with the sisters and he was still haunted by the scene with Rick and Tyler. The consulting gig had wrapped up and he was now at home during the week calling on prospects. His wife Margaret continued to be a good lover and their routine was sex on the weekends. He just wished she would entertain anal sex.

It was the last week in October and on Sunday evening, Dustin and Margaret were dining out. They were surprised when Tyler, Brandon's friend waited on their table. All the waiters wore white shirts and black slacks. Dustin noticed Tyler's shapely ass in the tight black slacks and he thought back to the day when he saw him naked having sex with Rick.

"Tyler, I didn't know that you worked here," Dustin stated.

"I just started a week ago. It's part-time, I still attend the community college. How is Brandon?"

Margaret replied, "Oh he is doing well at school, He is studying hard. He'll be home for Thanksgiving in a few weeks."

"I'll look forward to seeing him on break. Would you like something to drink before you order?"

"Sure, I'll have a glass of cabernet and Margaret a chardonnay." 

Tyler headed for the bar to get the wines and Dustin watched him closely. Tyler's ass looked great in the tight slacks and the buttocks rolled and undulated with each step. All through the meal, Dustin continued to check out the shapely ass. At one point, Margaret excused herself to use the ladies room. Dustin waved Tyler over to the table.

"I'll have another wine. I'll tell Brandon you were asking for him."

"Yeah, I miss him. I liked coming over to the house and hanging out by the pool. I'll get your wine."

Tyler didn't know why but Dustin made him nervous. He returned with the glass of wine and Dustin spoke again.

"It's a little chilly for the pool although it is heated. I still go for a swim and then hop in the Jacuzzi. You're welcome to come over sometime if you want to use the pool and hot tub."

"Thanks," Tyler replied nervously.

"Tyler, I know that you are gay. I'm cool with that. I saw you and Brandon several times on the pool deck having sex. I also saw you and Rick in the hot tub. Don't worry, I'm cool with all that."

"I don't know what to say."

"Don't say anything. If you want to stop by, you're welcome to anytime. I'm working from home now. Just call first."

Just then Margaret returned from the lady's room. She and Dustin finished their wines and settled the check, leaving Tyler a generous tip. Dustin didn't know if Tyler would ever follow-up but the seed had been planted. That Wednesday Dustin had his answer.

Tyler had called that morning and asked if the invitation to use the Jacuzzi was still open. Dustin told him to come right over. Tyler arrived mid-morning and they swam a few laps in the heated pool and then made a dash for the hot tub. It wasn't that cold in the low 70's but the air was cooler than the water. Tyler had gotten comfortable in Dustin's presence but he still wondered about Brandon's stepfather. Dustin was hard from thinking about fucking the cute gay ass. He sat up on the edge of the Jacuzzi and his package was prominently displayed in the snug swimsuit. 

Tyler tried to avert his eyes but he couldn't. He stared right the manhood and felt his loins stir. He also got an erection and he was suddenly nervous again. Where was this headed he wondered? He quickly had his answer. Dustin slipped off his swimsuit and the large cock stood tall. Tyler gasped audibly.

"You like?"

"You are very blessed Dustin."

"Do you want to hold it?"

"Yes, I want to hold it and more. Are you sure that you want to do this?"

"Definitely, I have been thinking about your ass since dinner Sunday night. Before we begin, let me very clear. I am not gay and I am not interested in cock. I have no problem giving you a hand job as I fuck you. This has to be discreet and remain between us."

"I'm cool with that. I promise I will not breath a word."

"Good, let's take this inside."

They went in the house and dried off before going in the family room. They looked at each other naked and admired their bodies.

"You have a nice cock and big too."

"It's not that big."

"It's plenty big for me and thick too."

"You handled Rick okay."

"I did but he is not as big as you."

Tyler toyed with the large dick and bloated balls before taking it in his mouth. He could only take about half without gagging but that was plenty for him. He was a very good cocksucker and in no time, he had Dustin ready to blow his load. Dustin tried to prolonged the urge to cum as he was really interested in getting to Tyler's hot ass. Tyler sat on the edge of the sofa and drew the stud in toward him. He caressed the back of firm legs and cheeks of his muscular ass as his warm, wet, wonderful mouth sucked on the stiff cock. He massaged the head of the cock against the roof of his mouth and circled the cock with his tongue. 

Tyler took the cock out of his mouth and looked up as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged the bloated balls. He then put it back in his mouth and took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged the taut testicles. He tickled the cock head with his tongue and teased the pee slit. He looked up at Brandon's stepfather and smiled as he stroked the slick cock. Then he asked. 

"Ready to cum"?

"Close, but I want your ass. Let's go to Brandon's bedroom."

"Do you have lube?'

"Brandon does in his room."

Once in the bedroom, Tyler knelt on the bed and raised his ass in the air. Dustin looked at him in that position and he liked the smooth hairless body and the great looking bubble butt. Tyler read the tube of gel. 

"Anal ease, I'm familiar with this."

"I'm sure that you and Brandon made good use of it."

"Yeah, it's good stuff. It's not greasy and it's fragrant too. Put plenty of this on your cock."

"So, my cock will smell good after I fuck you?"

"So, will my ass."

"I douched my ass this morning too, So I'm very clean."

"I'm glad your ass is clean So you were anticipating this."

"Actually, hoping it might happen."

Dustin took the gel and applied a generous amount to his cock. He stood behind Tyler and admired the incredible ass that he was about to fuck. He always liked fingering a taut ring and caressing a curvy bottom. As anxious as he was to fuck the pretty young man, he liked playing with his ass too. He had his index finger in at first, then switched to his middle finger and then to his thick thumb. Tyler was rock-hard and his ball sac was taut during the foreplay. With his free hand, Dustin rubbed the perineum, caressed the ball sac and stroked the slender smaller cock. Tyler cooed at the attention to his cock and balls.

Dustin removed his thumb, put in two fingers and soon had them both moving in and out of the sweet ass. He hadn't fucked an ass in weeks and now he was about to fuck his stepson's friend for the first time. He eased his well-lubed cock into Tyler's ass. He was always gentle when he butt-fucked anyone so he knew not to just ram it in the snug hole. Dustin was gentle allowing him to adjust to the thickness. Soon he was buried to the hilt in sweet ass as he fucked the gay young man. He held on to the pretty twin cheeks of the curvy ass as he fucked him thoroughly. 

Tyler had been butt fucked plenty of times but not with a cock this thick. He couldn't believe how full he felt with the enormous dick in his ass. Tyler felt it go deep, tense and then fill his ass with cum. Dustin continued to fuck the lovely ass as the semen backed out and ran down over Tyler's balls. Tyler fired a blast of cum from just barely stroking his own cock. Dustin eased his cock out of the curvy ass and Tyler turned around took it in his mouth and sucked it dry and clean. He wouldn't have done that if he had not douched earlier.

Tyler reminded Dustin that he was clean, "Remember, I douched my ass earlier when I showered. It is very clean."

Dustin just nodded and then lay down on the bed. He was lost in thought for a moment as he just had another bisexual encounter and it was great sex. Tyler gave great head and it had been easy to fuck his lovely ass. Neither one of them heard Margaret come home and enter the house. She heard the voices coming from her son's bedroom.

"Dustin, I would like you to fuck me again." 

Margaret moved quietly to the bedroom and peeked in just as her husband approached the bed. He knelt behind Tyler and began to caress the beautiful ass. Tyler handed him the gel and asked Dustin to get his ass ready a second time. Dustin put an ample amount of gel in his hands and rubbed it all around the taut rubbery ring. As before, he inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing the sweet ass for another fuck. He sawed his fingers in and out and he was turned on by the thought of burying his cock in the shapely ass one more time. He moved closer to him and lined up the head of his cock with Tyler's anal opening. He eased his big dick into the receptive ass.

"Remember, not too deep at first, then deeper."

It took all her willpower for Margaret to stifle her gasp and remain calm. She watched as her husband fucked a gay ass again and this time with her son's friend. She could not get over her husband's obsession for anal sex. She would have to decide what to do about it but for now she just watched.

The cock head cleared the sphincter and he fed it to the pretty gay young man a little at a time. The ass chute was warm and tight as the cock went deeper and deeper. Soon he was all the way in the hot ass and he started a slow fucking motion. He continued to pump with deep, long, deliberate thrusts. He again caressed Tyler's smooth round buttocks as he fucked him. 

Tyler asked Dustin to fuck him harder and quicker. So, he picked up the pace and he pounded the smooth ass faster and faster. His balls started bouncing off of the taut perineum and Tyler moaned with each thrust of the big cock. Dustin could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed deep in the rectum. He tried to make it last as long as possible but the gripping and clenching of the sphincter got to him.

He fired a barrage of cum into the clenching, gripping ass filling it to overflowing. As he continued to fuck, his seed backed up in the rectum and oozed out. Tyler used his talented anal action to massage the cock and drain it dry. The milking action weakened Dustin and sent tingles through his body. He rolled to his side taking Tyler with him and keeping his cock buried in the lovely ass. He reached around and took a hold of the slender cock and stroked it emitting a groan from Tyler.

"Oh Dustin, this is wonderful, we fit together so well. Stroke my cock, make me cum."

Dustin liked the feeling of the smooth hairless body against his in the spoon position. It reminded him of his stepson and it seemed so sensual to be coupled like that. He continued to stroke the slender cock and with his free hand he caressed the hairless chest. Dustin had jerked gay guys off before so he was used to feeling a cock different than his own. He liked to make them cum and feel the surge in the shaft as they ejaculated. 

"Oh, Dustin!"

"Cum for me Tyler, cum for me."

He looked over Tyler's shoulder and watched as he stroked the cock. He felt the shaft bulge slightly just before it released its load. Tyler fired a substantial load that shot past his face onto the pillow and then hit his neck and chest. The remainder of his load landed on his abs and pooled around his pubes. Dustin kept stroking him until the shaft was empty. His hand was coated with Tyler's seed but he was unconcerned about that. He was pleased when Tyler took his hand and licked it clean. They remained in the spoon position and remarkably they were both still hard. Tyler liked the sensation in his bottom.

Margaret had seen enough and she silently slipped away. She exited the house being careful not to make her presence known. Having come home from work to surprise Dustin, she was the one surprised. She had hoped they would go to lunch together. Stopping for fast food, she returned to the office. What to do next? Should she confront her husband or let it pass again? What would his behavior be when Brandon was home? Would he have sex with Tyler again? A million thoughts raced through her mind. She decided to talk with a coworker who was known to be promiscuous. 

"What time do you have to be at work today?" Dustin asked.

"I have the dinner shift so I need to be there by 4:00 PM."

"Good, then we have time for more fun."

"Can you really cum again?"

"I'm always good for two but I can do three with some rest in between. This is one of those times. I love your ass."

"Can I ask you a personal question?

"Okay, don't know if I'll answer it."

"Are you and Brandon getting it on?"

"Of course not," Dustin lied, "He's my stepson, my wife's son."

"Okay, I was just curious."

Dustin smiled and said, "I'm glad that you came to visit me this morning. Let's shower and get dressed. I'll treat you to lunch." 

They went to lunch at one of Dustin's favorite spots. Over lunch they discussed what could be an arrangement moving forward. They agreed to make Wednesday morning a regular time to get together. Tyler left the restaurant and Dustin ordered another drink. He sat by himself and thought. "You have to be out of your fucking mind." Still he was so addicted to anal sex that he had to have it and was willing to take chances. Tyler had promised to be discreet as was Brandon. So far so good. He wished he could see the Greek sisters again and he decided he would give them a call after Thanksgiving, now that he was working from home again.

MARGARET'S DECISION

That afternoon, Margaret was haunted by the image of Dustin fucking Tyler. She still had a vivid image of her son's friend with the incredible ass taking her husband's big cock. She decided that she had to learn more about anal sex and find out if women really liked it. Maybe she could come around and satisfy her husband's craving. Margaret thought of one of her co-workers, Barbara, who was known to sleep around. That day she invited Barbara to stop for a drink after work and get her perspective on anal sex. 

"Barb, you're an experienced woman. Can I ask you a question?" Margaret began.

"That's a polite way of saying that I sleep around," Barb laughed and then asked, "What's your question?"

"Have you ever had anal sex?"

"Heaven's yes, many times, why are you and Dustin thinking about it?"

"Yes we've talked about it as a way to spice up our relationship," Margaret lied not wanting to let on her real reason for asking.

"What do you want to know? How can I help you?"

"I don't know where to start since I am inexperienced with anal sex."

"Well the most important thing is to be clean. I always bathe and douche both my vagina and anus before I have sex. I never let the guy in my pussy after he has been in my ass. That goes for his finger as well as his cock. The other important thing is to use plenty of lubricant in your anus as it doesn't have the natural lube that of a vagina."

"Does it hurt?"

"The first time it hurt like the dickens but over time I stretched out and there isn't any pain. I always control the penetration so that I don't experience any discomfort. I make the sure the guy enters my ass slowly and doesn't go too deep. If you are planning to try anal there are things you can do to prepare." 

"Like what?"

"Well you can start using anal toys such as beads, plugs and small dildos."

"I've never used any of those things. Where do you get them?"

"In an adult novelty store."

"I've never been to one. That would be embarrassing."

"Nonsense, I'll take you to one. I go there frequently and it's not a hangout."

"Okay."

"Now then, the anal beads are my favorite. They do come in different sizes so that you can start small and then increase the thickness. There are usually six beads on a string and they inserted in your anus one at a time. Again, you need plenty of lube to do this. My lover will put the beads in my ass and then he eats my pussy. When I am about to orgasm, he pulls the beads slowly out of my ass. The sensation is incredible and my body is rocked as each bead pops out of my ass. It is always one of my most intense orgasms."

"Wow that sounds hot! What else have you done?" 

"I have let my lover cum in my ass and that feeling is special too. I love the feel of his warm cum flooding my rectum and then oozing out."

"Has a guy ever kissed you there?" 

"Oh yes many times and I love that. I have one lover who will spend hours making love to my bottom. We start off in the shower washing each other and he douches my pussy and ass for me. Then we go to bed and I get on all fours with my ass in the air. He caresses and fondles my buttocks, plants kisses on my buttocks and slides his tongue between my cheeks. Eventually he tongues my anus and probes it with his tongue. It's called rimming. The feeling is incredible and I can often have a mild orgasm from the anal stimulation. Then he lubes my anal passage and eases his cock into me. He fucks me slowly and cums in my ass; sometimes I can orgasm again by rubbing my clit while he is in me."

"That sounds so naughty but you make it seem so erotic."

"It is erotic with the right person and the right preparation. Let me reemphasize the importance of tenderness and cleanliness. If you are seriously considering it you should start stretching your sphincter. You can do that with anal plugs. They come in different sizes and thickness so you can start small. You can put one in your bottom at work and gradually increase the size. Also, there are videos that you can look at introducing you to anal sex."

"You mean porn?"

"No I don't mean those porn movies where some slut is taking a huge cock in her ass and begging the guy to fuck her harder. There are couple's videos that walk you through the techniques of anal sex."

"Well you certainly gave me a lot to think about. I appreciate you sharing your intimacy with me, thank you."

"Happy to do it, remember that anal sex is to be enjoyed by both of you it is not just for his pleasure. Also, it is not a substitute for vaginal sex but can be included to enhance your love making. Make sure that Dustin still takes care of your pussy too."

"He does a good job with that but he has hinted at anal a few times."

"Come on, let's finish our drink and I'll take you to the novelty store."

The two women finished their drinks and then left the restaurant. At the novelty store, Margaret purchased a couple sets on anal beads that were different sizes and two butt plugs that were also different sizes. She also purchased a slender dildo. Barb showed her a favorite lube and she bought that as well. Beginning the next day, Margaret began to experiment with the anal toys whenever she was home alone and at work. 

She began with the smaller anal beads and she quickly learned that Barb was right. Margaret had a mind-blowing orgasm when she pulled the beads slowly out of her ass as she finger-fucked herself. She then began inserting the smaller of the anal plugs in her ass around the house and at the office. She also left the anal plug in her ass sometimes when she fucked herself with the slender dildo. Margaret had a sense what it felt like to have two cocks in her at the same time.

A week later she moved up to the larger anal beads but they took some getting used to. Even so her orgasm was just as intense when she pulled the beads out one by one. Margaret then got bold enough to insert the thicker anal plug in her ass and that too took some getting used to. Margaret imagined that Dustin would pull her panties down, only to find the anal plug stick in her ass. That thought really got her excited and she had a massive orgasm as she used her dildo. 
