 About 18 months ago my office friends and I began a tradition of getting together Fridays after work once a month to play poker or pool and just generally hang out. Occasionally, one or more of my coworkers would stay at my place afterward if the hour was late and they did not want to drive home to their respective wives. 

Kevin and Mike always spent the night in my guest room, and I knew why. While they are both married to seemingly awesome wives, they had developed a desire for male-to-male sex. I discovered this accidentally one Saturday morning after I arose early and walked by the guest room. I glanced into the room and was surprised to find them engaged in a hot 69 position! They couldn't see me but I sure had an eyefull! In spite of myself, I became aroused - very aroused. I watched until I could tell they were both on the verge of orgasm and then retired to my room to satisfy my raging hard cock. 

That was about a year ago, I never said anything to Kevin or Mike, but deep down I think they knew I knew. And while I do consider myself totally straight and am not attracted to men in the slightest, the sight of them having sex did excite me in a totally different way. Plus, they always spent the night after our get togethers, but they never forgot to close the door after my discovery. 

About 6 months ago Dave spent the evening here after our get together. I set him up in one of the other spare rooms and crashed in my room. About 3:00 AM I woke up thirsty, and when I walked by Dave's room he was not there. I assumed he had changed his mind and drove home. As I was returning to my room I passed by Kevin and Mike's usual room and could hear they were "hard" at it. And, to my surprise, I heard Dave moan, "Oh yeah, man." 

This time the door was not completely closed, and in the moonlight I could see Kevin's hard slippery cock sliding in and out of Dave's ass while Mike squatted over Dave's mouth and was getting one hell of a blowjob from Dave! 

I couldn't take my eyes off them! It looked so hot and natural. My cock certainly enjoyed the scene! It was hard, swollen and dripping. What was going on? 

I almost opened the door and joined them. What am I missing out on and how did Dave become a member of Kevin and Mike's "club?" I quietly returned to my room and stroked my throbbing cock. I came in about a minute. 

I decided then and there that somehow I needed to find out what I was missing, I didn't have to wait for long. The next morning I woke up later than usual and found Kevin and Mike were gone, but Dave was still there making breakfast for us. He acted odd, like he had something on his mind. 

After we ate and showered we decided to take the Harleys out for a nice Saturday ride. I asked Dave how he had a Saturday free from his family and he told me his wife, Rachel, had her "girl night" last night and the kids were at her folks house, so he had the entire weekend free. He had confided to me Rachel is and always has been into the babes, and, occasionally while Dave was away, she liked to play with her female friends -lesbian style. I envied him for that, most men would! 

All I could think about was the scene I witnessed with Dave, Kevin and Mike. I wanted to go for it with Dave. We rode the Harleys out in the country and stopped in the middle of no where, nice quiet secluded wooded setting with a lone picnic table, far off the beaten trail. I was nervous as hell but thought this was it. I was going to find a way to turn my curiosity into reality! 

I sensed Dave knew what my motives were but I did not have the slightest idea how to begin. Then I had a wild idea, Dave got up and unzipped so he could pee. As he was doing so I quietly walked up behind him, reached around and held his cock while he was peeing. He froze for a second, then just moaned. In no time his cock swelled in my hand. I dropped to my knees and licked his throbbing cock head. I removed his boots and jeans and moved him over to the picnic table. He sat on the table, and I sat on the seat. His hard, throbbing cock was inches from my hot mouth and he was nude from the waist down. 

I wrapped my fingers around his dripping cock and vigorously licked his cockhead down the shaft and sucked each of his balls into my hungry mouth. It dawned on me that his entire crotch was shaved and smooth. It felt and tasted great! I was hooked! I looked up and Dave was just staring at me and smiling. He said, "I won! Kevin and I had a bet...he said you wouldn't, I bet you would!" 

With that he grabbed my head and positioned me lower. I immediately knew what he wanted and I complied. I have always enjoyed pleasing my women anally but here I was outdoors on a perfectly beautiful Saturday morning giving a man a rim job. He was moaning loudly and had his legs on my shoulders as I was rimming his ass and stroking his cock. I knew he was close to coming, and I wanted to feel it swell and fill my mouth. He grabbed my head and quickly shoved his cock into my mouth. I wrapped my lips around it and flicked my tongue around the velvet head. His pre-cum was flowing - I loved it! 

I did not have to wait long for my "reward". Dave got still and his cock swelled even larger, then I felt the first spurt hit the back of my throat. Wow, what have I been missing?! He filled my mouth until his cum ran down my cheek. I felt him soften and then he withdrew his sated cock from my tired mouth. 

He got up and put his clothes back on and smiled. He walked over to me and, using his finger, removed his cum from my face and fed it to me. I licked it of his finger and swallowed it. 

What was going on? All of the sudden the reality of what had just taken place hit me. I was excited and embarrassed at the same time. I looked at Dave and he understood. I started to say something and he said, "I know. We all went through it. I know how you feel, believe me. You did great and next time it's your turn!"

We mounted our Harleys and headed home.

...To Be Continued