 I couldn't believe my luck, I created my account on squirt and the very next day I received an e-mail from a guy not far from here. He expressed interest in meeting me but told me he was inexperienced. I wasn't sure what he wanted to do. In the e-mail he told me a little bit about himself. He said he was in his late twenties about 5 foot 9 inches and 200 pounds. He said his cock was 7 inches long and about average thickness.

He said he'd never really been with a man but enjoyed watching bisexual porn and thought he wanted to try it. He said if we got together maybe he would just wanted a blow job to start.

I replied to his e-mail and told him that he didn't have to worry about pressure if we meet. I am a very relaxed guy and not into pressuring someone to do something they don't want to. We could meet somewhere in public and if we both felt comfortable we could to go back to my office and see where things lead. I told him that I truly enjoyed orally pleasuring guys and if that's all he wanted to do it was fine with me.

He e-mailed me back and said he wanted to meet me and wanted to know when and where we could meet. He said he was willing to come to my town and to just let him know where he should go and he would meet me there. We decided on meeting at a fast food joint just down the road from my office. He pulled in and I recognized him by the car that he said he would be driving. He pulled up next to me and we talked through the windows. We both agreed and headed towards my office.

When we got to my office I had him sit in the recliner and relax. We talked for about 15 minutes just to get to know each other and to ease the tension in the room. I asked him if he wanted to watch a porn flick and he nodded yes. I took him into an empty office just down the hall. I keep a TV VCR and DVD player in the room so when I get bored at work I can relax and watch a movie or something. I picked up a bisexual DVD and started it playing. We sat on the floor watching a movie for about 10 minutes. I was extremely hard and was really wanting to see what his cock looked like. I looked over at David and he was intently watching the movie while rubbing his cock through his shorts. I couldn't resist, I reached over and started rubbing his cock through his shorts for him. He moaned and took his hand away.

I rubbed his cock through his shorts for few minutes then went for his zipper. He didn't object so I pulled his zipper down an unbuttoned his shorts. I reached into his boxer shorts and found my hand wrapped around a very impressive cock. I pulled it through the hole in his boxer shorts and looked at the cock. It was gorgeous. It was about 7 inches long and fit my hand almost perfectly. It was smooth and almost unblemished except where he was circumcised. I started stroking it slowly while with the other hand I reached in and fished his balls out. They were just like I like them, shaved smooth, and very lickable.

I brought my mouth down to his cock and stuck my tongue out for a tentative lick. As soon as my tongue made contact with the head of his cock he moaned. I knew he wasn't gonna say no. I took my time and use my tongue to lick up and down the length of his cock. I was leaving trails of spit along his cock making it really wet. I moved down and licked his balls and when I sucked one of his nuts into my mouth he moaned again. I swirled my tongue around his sack caressing his balls and slobbering all over, I had spit running down my chin dripping on the floor. His balls were a perfect fit for my mouth. I licked and sucked on his balls for about 5 minutes and was reluctant to stop but I knew I had to have his cock in my mouth.

I raise my head up over his cock and made a small circle with my lips. I looked up and noticed him watching me so I watched him as a lowered my mouth onto his cock taking each inch slowly into my hot wet mouth. When I had his head in my mouth I applied a small suction and I heard him take a deep breath. I continue to lower my head and when I had all of his cock in my mouth it was just long enough to be nudging my throat. I stayed that way for a few minutes just sucking and licking him and not moving my head. He was breathing really heavy and moaning lightly. He may not have known whether he wanted to do this when he got here but I'm sure he was positive he wanted to do this now.

After just licking and sucking is cock for a couple of minutes I started to move my head up and down. I started moving in short strokes to start with. I enjoyed the feeling of his cock rubbing against my tongue, against the roof of my mouth, and just ever so slightly against my throat. I knew if he got any harder and longer I would be taking his cock in my throat. I briefly wondered if he had ever been deep throated. I guess it didn't matter because I would do it if the opportunity arose.

After about 10 minutes of sucking his cock I was bobbing up and down the entire length. Each time I would go down and take his entire cock in my mouth he would moan and move is head sideways. I knew if this was his first time he was definitely going to be hooked. I was glad for the opportunity to show him what a man can do to his cock.

I really do enjoy sucking cock and I've been told that I'm pretty good but 25 minutes into sucking this man's cock I still could not get him to shoot his load. I was trying everything I could think of to get a taste of his cum but for some reason I couldn't make him shoot. I took my mouth of his cock and asked him if he wanted to fuck my ass. He didn't say yes but he did nod. My ass was going to be the first to take his cock.

I reached over to the shelf beside us and grabbed a condom and a small bottle of lube. I took his cock back in my mouth and sucked him back to complete hardness. I opened the condom and slid it down the length of his cock. I opened the bottle of lube and covered his condom covered cock with it. Then I stood up and squatted over him with my face towards him. I lowered myself and guided his cock to my hole. When I felt the head of his cock at my entrance, I paused briefly to rub it around my hole and spread some lube. When I felt that I had the lube spread around enough, I lined the head of his cock with my hole again and started lowering myself onto his cock.

I could feel my hole opening up to accept the head of his cock. I always enjoyed this part, I just wish I had video of every time I did it. I love the feel of the cock as it spread my ass open and started to slide into my hole. It had been awhile since I've had a cock in my ass so I could feel every vein and bump along the sides of his cock as it slid into my hole. God it felt wonderful. It had been way too long and I knew if I could make this feel wonderful for him that he would want to come back and do this over and over again. I was more than willing to let him use me for his pleasure any time he wanted because I knew that each time he came in my ass that I would shoot a load as well.

When I felt my ass bottom out on his pubes, and I knew that he was fully embedded in my ass, I let all my weight down on him. Now he was as far inside of me as he could get. He was moaning the entire time I was taking his cock in my ass. I remained just sitting there allowing him to get used to the feeling of my ass wrapped around his cock. After about 45 seconds he started hunching and trying to move his cock in my ass. I knew he was ready to continue with this fuck.

I started moving up and down on his cock slowly at first. It felt wonderful to have a cock sliding in and out of my ass. After only a few seconds he was moaning loudly and I knew he would not be able to holdout very long. I started moving a lot faster trying to run his cock against my prostate as much as possible. I wanted to cum at the same time he did. I knew he would feel my ass muscles clenching on his cock. It would only make him enjoy it more and want to do this again. He reached down and grabbed my hips and started guiding me faster and harder. He was moaning and telling me he was getting ready to cum.

As he guided me up and down harder and harder I reached down and started stroking my own cock. I was close and hoping I could make myself cum as he did. I didn't have long to wait because only a few seconds later he moaned out that he was cumming. I could feel his cock jerking in my ass and it pushed me over the edge. I shot my load and it covered his belly and chest. He moaned even louder as my cum shot all over him.

We stayed like that with me on top of him with his cock in my hole for several minutes. I felt his cock start to get smaller and slide out of my ass. I raised up and his cock slid free. I moved to the side and reached for his cock and remove the condom carefully. Then I took his cock in my mouth and got a taste of his cum for the first time. He moaned as I took his cock back in my mouth and licked him clean. He reached down and placed a hand on the back of my head. He started driving my head up and down. After just a few minutes he pulled my head back off of his cock and said he was too sensitive to continue. I looked at him and told him I understood.

We laid there for a few minutes getting our energy back. Eventually we both stood up and started putting our clothes back on. I watched David as he reached down and grabbed his boxer shorts. I could see his cock and balls hanging between his legs from behind. I was certainly hoping that he wanted to come back. His cock felt wonderful in my ass and I certainly wanted to do this again. After we were dressed I showed him to the door and told him he could come back any time he wanted. As he walked out the door he looked over his shoulder and said 'I'm looking forward to it'.