 David and I were on the last of our day rotation. He texted me and asked if I wanted to go out to a new Italian restaurant in town for supper. I agreed, and he said he'd pick me up at 7 pm. I heard him when he drove up. I went out and crawled up in his truck. I was wearing my best blue jeans, boots and button-down shirt. David was wearing black jeans, boots and a button-down also.

We walked in and most every head turned. A maybe 6', 30-year-old red headed, and bearded white thin waiter greeted us and asked how many. We told him 2 and he said follow me please. He turned and led us to our table. When we sat he handed us our menus, asked what we wanted to drink and introduced himself as Andrew. He returned with our drinks and asked if we were ready to order.

We started asking questions, telling it was our first time there, and asked him what he recommended. He said he loved the Spaghetti and Meatballs, it was his favorite. He said the balls were nice meaty, just the way he liked them. We both ordered what he recommended, and he just smiled. He shortly came back with our plates and set them down in front of us. 

We both asked him to pick us some wine and bring it out. As he returned to the table and sat down our wine glasses. David went to take a bite and a big drip of sauce dropped in his lap. Andrew was quickly there to dab it up from David's jeans. He was dabbing all over David's basket saying he wanted to get it all. Andrew raised back up and said it was all better. By this time the restaurant was almost empty, just us and a few others remained. Andrew was keeping our glasses full of wine. The meal was delicious.

Andrew came back around and asked if we could go ahead and pay our check, so the cashier could close out the register for the night, but we were welcome to stay and finish our meals. We both handed our cards to Andrew and he went to the register. He returned with our receipts and cards. He took the customer copy and made sure we knew to keep those.

When he handed our copy back we saw he had written his cell phone number on them and when he'd be done. I asked him if he wanted to go back to my place when he got off. We were the last table there, so I reached out and grabbed his ass. He laughed and said we'd see about going to my place. We continued to eat as Andrew went about his duties to close for the night. He stopped by to check on us and let us know he was almost done.

Finally, he came by and said he was done, he just had to change, and he'd be right out. David's and I got up and told him he'd get his tip later as we each took a hand and placed them on our baskets. He just grinned. We followed Andrew to the door and he let us out and relocked the door. He came out about 15 minutes later and opened the truck door. He climbed in and sat between us. 

He said he was not in the habit of going home with strange men, but we were so nice, and we were hot as hell. David told him we were both highway patrol officers and we had the identification and badge to prove it. Andrew said he believed us. As we talked David and I took a hand each and placed them on Andrews knees and started moving them up to his crotch. David looked at Andrew and asked if he okay with where this was going. Andrew said he was and he felt really safe with us.

David pulled Andrew over to his mouth and kissed him deep as he started the truck. I pulled Andrew to me and let him kiss me. At every stop David pulled Andrew to him and kissed him deep. I pulled him back when we started moving. We got to my house and exited the truck. I slid out and Andrew slid out right behind me into my arms. I held his head and kissed him deep again as David came up behind him.

David bent his mouth to Andrews neck and started nuzzling and sucking on his ears. I took Andrews shoulders and turned him around facing David as he kissed him, and I sucked on Andrews neck and ears. I looked at them both and told them we needed to carry it inside. As we entered the house I stepped up behind Andrew, reached around and started opening his belt, unsnapping and unzipping his jeans. I grabbed the waist and pushed them down.

Andrew asked if we liked him freeballing. When he changed he removed his underwear too and placed them in his bag. David and I pushed his jeans lower as Andrew kicked off his shoes. David stepped back and pulled Andrews shirt off. Andrew looked at us and said, "I am a total redhead, you guys like?"

David and I both smiled widely and nodded. I ran my hand down Andrews back to his ass crack and down his crack to his puckered hole. I run my fingers back up and around to his mouth and let him suck them and get them wet. I run them back down and placed 1 at his pink puckered little hole. Andrew had started removing David's shirt as I played with his hole, working my finger in and out. He pushed David's shirt off his shoulders and let it hit the floor.

Andrew turned and started working on mine. While Andrew was removing mine, I reached down and started opening my jeans. As he pushed my shirt off I pushed him to his knees and told him to finish stripping David and me. Andrew pushed my jeans down and kissed my cock thru my shorts. He took my boot in his hand and I raised it for him to remove, then the other. He slid my jeans down and off and then my shorts. I took his chin in my hand and raised it up. I took my boot and placed it over his mouth and nose and held it to his face as he inhaled deeply and groaned. 

I told Andrew to kiss my cockhead. He then turned to David and stripped him. He took a deep breath of David's boots too and groaned even louder as David held a handful of that red hair. We pulled Andrew up and I told them we needed to retire to the bedroom. I lay on my back and Andrew crawled up to my cock and stopped. I placed a hand on his head as he took my big black cockhead in his mouth. David stepped up to his ass and started working that tight little ass.

I asked David if he had ever been with a ginger and he said no but he thought he'd like the contrast of the dark black and the red. I took a handful of Andrews hair and pushed him farther down on my cock. David was working that sweet ass and loosening it up for our cocks. David picked Andrew up and turned him till his cock and balls were over my chest, my cock still in his mouth.

David was working that ass using 4 fingers and rotating them around as Andrew took more and more of my big black 9.5" cock into his mouth. I was pushing his head down further and further as he moaned. I felt his throat on the head of my cock as he deep throated me and watched David work his ass. David removed his fingers from Andrews ass and asked him, "Are you ready for my big black 10" cock?"

Andrew just nodded his head. David straddled my chest with his knees and placed his cock head at Andrews puckered hole. David took Andrews hips in his hands and started easing his cock in that sweet ginger ass. I felt Andrew gasp around my cock and I pushed deeper in his throat as David's big black cock went deeper and deeper in his ass. I watched as David worked his cock into Andrews hole. 

I was fucking his face with my black cock. When Andrew went all the way to my balls David went all the way to his balls and ground his hips around as Andrew tried to yell. David started stroking in and out really pushing Andrew over the edge. I slowly fucked his mouth, not wanting to cum yet. David was going faster and faster telling Andrew how sweet his little ginger hole was and how he loved a white slut.

David groaned, went deep hard and said, "I am fixing to cum in your sweet ass boy! You got an ass built to be fucked by a big black cock! Feel me cum and fill your ass!"

David stayed balls deep until his cock started to soften and pull out. David pulled out and ordered Andrew to turn around to suck his cock and let me fuck that fine ass next. He turned, and David pushed his mouth to my chest to clean up the cum that leaked from his ass. Andrew cleaned my chest good, swallowing it all. He then raised his face to David's cock.

I pushed Andrew back upright and ordered him to insert my big black cock in his ass. He raised up, took my cock in his hand and held it upright as he slowly lowered himself down until the head entered his sweet ass and stopped. I pulled him back down to David's cock and he took just the head into his mouth. I told David on 3 we'd go balls deep. 1, 2, 3, we both went balls deep as Andrew tried to yell in ecstasy. David pulled out and asked him if he was okay. Andrew said, "Yes Sirs, I am fine. I have never experienced such pleasure Sirs, please fuck me Sirs."

Andrew then went down and took David's balls in his mouth and suckled them, moving his tongue as much as he could with his mouth full. I started rotating Andrews hips with my hands while stroking in and out hitting new places. Andrew was moaning on David's balls as David reached down and clamped Andrews nose closed.

I started deep stroking Andrews ass and told him I was fixing to cum. I went balls deep and told him I was cumming and deposited my load in that sweet ass of his along with David's. Andrew pulled off of David's balls and yelled. David put his cock in Andrews mouth to shut him up. When I finished cumming Andrew lay on my chest. I rolled Andrew to his side and David lay behind him. I moved Andrews head, so he was looking at me and told him its your time to cum.

David spit in his hand, reached over Andrew and took his cock in his hand and started jacking his cock. Andrew turned his head to David and David kissed him hard as Andrew started cumming. David scooped Andrews cum up and fed it to Andrew until he had gathered all of it and Andrew ate it. After Andrew relaxed and calmed down I told him to go get us a beer from the fridge. He left the room, that sweet ass bouncing.

He returned with our beer and we lay back to talk. Andrew said this was a first for him, black men and two at the same time. He had almost his whole beer gone so I pulled him to me and kissed him deep. As David palmed them ass cheeks he told Andrew us being with a ginger was a new too and we'd definitely have to do it again.

Andrew looked at us and asked how he was getting back to the restaurant. I told him I'd take him back. Andrew went and got our clothes. We dressed and started out the front door. Andrew said he had to piss, was the yard okay. David swatted his ass and said, "Dam fine ass!" I returned him to the restaurant and followed him home just to be on the safe side.