 (All main characters are over the age of 18)

*

As soon as I got back to the room, I screamed. I was just so frustrated at the coach, and the school and everybody. I needed to vent my anger and frustration. I felt like crying. The soccer team had been one of the only constant things in my life, and I didn't know what I was going to do now that it was no longer a part of it. I walked over to my bed and sat down. 

"Hey, you alright?" asked Matt as he rubbed his eyes and sat up sleepily in his bed. Jesus, I had forgotten he hadn't gotten up yet. 

"Uhm, yeah. Sorry about the yelling, did I wake you up?" I asked

"Just a little bit. Why were you yelling?" he asked, propping himself up on his elbow and brushing his hair out of his eyes. Damn, he was cute.

"I was just at soccer practice. It didn't go so well." I replied.

"Oh, I'm sorry." he said, "At least there's always next time, right?"

"Not for me." I sighed as I laid down on my bed. "I got cut from the team."

"That's unfortunate, do you want to talk about it?" He looked at me and I noticed that his eyes were a light shade of blue I had never seen before.

"Uh, n-no thanks. I'll be okay." I was stuttering again. I couldn't look away from his eyes, they were just beautiful.

"Dave, you're spacing out a bit there." said Matt, bringing me out of my reverie. 

"Oh, sorry. I was just distracted. I should probably shower, I'm kind of sweaty." I blushed. Had he noticed me staring into his eyes?

"Alright then." Matt said. I got up and walked to the bathroom. I saw him roll over to go back to sleep as I grabbed a towel and closed the door behind me. While stripping off my sweaty soccer clothes, I noticed a bottle on the sink labeled 'Piercing Cleanser'. 

"Must be Matt's." I muttered as I pulled off my shorts and socks. Looking at my body in the full length mirror on the back of the door, I noticed I had gotten a little sunburned on the back of my neck during practice. My eyes traveled downward to my cock, which was about five inches soft and just over seven when hard. I kept my pubic hair trimmed short, I just thought it looked better. I turned on the tap and stepped into the stream of water, letting it soak my hair and run in rivulets down my body. I opened my bottle of shower gel and squeezed some onto my hand before lathering up my chest. As I worked the foam over my body, my mind began to drift. I thought about Matt, how good he looked in those skinny jeans, and how adorable his lip ring was. I was starting to become aroused. I remembered how Matt looked when he was wearing only a towel and my body responded with a throbbing erection that demanded attention. I grasped my manhood and slowly started stroking it. I wanted to think of something else, but my mind kept returning to Matt's smooth body, and firm butt. I was becoming more and more aroused, and started to imagine he was in the shower with me, stroking me as I kissed his beautiful lips. 

That final image put me over the top and my whole body tensed up as I shot thick strands of cum onto the wall of the shower. I grabbed hold of the curtain bar to steady my weak knees and stepped out of the shower. After I dried off, I wrapped the towel around my waist and opened the door. Matt must have been in the middle of changing or something because when I stepped into the room, he was entirely naked, and facing away from me. I could see his tight butt as he bent over his drawer, and my breath caught in my throat. He was pulling something out of his dresser when I got his attention. In retrospect, I don't know why I spoke up instead of just going back into the bathroom until he was dressed. Maybe I just wanted to see him naked, maybe I was just shocked. Either way, both of us were pretty embarrassed.

"Ahem" I coughed. Matt spun around so fast he fell over. 

"Oh god, sorry!" exclaimed Matt as he hastily covered himself with a tee shirt from his bed. He wasn't fast enough however, and right before he did so I caught a glimpse of his cock, and from what I could see, it was either semi-erect or Matt was hung like a horse. 

"Uhm, nope, my fault." I said as I covered my eyes and turned around. "I'm just gonna go back into the bathroom until you're dressed." I quickly stepped into the bathroom and practically slammed the door. My heart was pounding in my chest. Why was I so aroused by the sight of Matt, naked?Suddenly, I remembered what I had thought about just then in the shower. The realization hit me; I had masturbated to the idea of making out with a guy, and enjoyed it. It must have been a fluke, I wasn't gay. I liked girls, I liked cheerleaders and short skirts, not guys with lip rings. I was a jock for Christ's sake, a sports nerd. There was hardly anything less gay than that. Reassured of my straightness, my heart rate slowly returned to normal. I opened the door and saw Matt sitting awkwardly on his bed in pajama pants and a gray tee shirt. I walked out and sat across from him on my bed. For the longest time, neither one of us spoke, each preferring to stare awkwardly at the ground. Finally, I decided I should say something. 

"Well, uh, that was certainly embarrassing." The ice had been broken. Matt cracked a smile and blushed at the same time.

"You can say that again." He looked up at me again with those incredible blue eyes. I was leaning forward, and our faces were inches apart. Matt seemed to be staring into my eyes as much I was staring into his. 

He smiled that smile again and something in my brain clicked. I was overwhelmed with a desire to kiss him. I didn't care anymore that he was a guy, this urge was primal. I needed to act on it, as much as I needed to breathe. I leaned forward and kissed him, my lips meeting his in a perfect instant. For a split second, I was in heaven, then Matt jerked backwards, and pushed me away at the same time. 

"What the hell are you doing?" he asked, shocked, blushing even more vividly than before.

"I-I'm sorry," I stammered, "It's just that, you were- and I-"

"Why would you do that?" he demanded again, his voice cracking. I could tell by his tone that the question was rhetorical. Before I could say anything else he stood up and left the room, leaving me in a state of shock and guilt. Why the hell did I just do that? I felt like the world's biggest fool. I should have known better than to kiss him. Just because I thought he was beautiful doesn't mean he reciprocated the feeling. I buried my face in my hands and collapsed on the bed. God, I felt like such an asshole. 

Eventually, I got up and got dressed, although that didn't change much. I spent the rest of the day moping around the room and wishing I could turn back time and undo what happened. Time must really fly when you spend all day regretting something, because I soon noticed that it was seven o'clock and that I hadn't eaten all day. Pulling myself out of bed, I made my way out the door and down the path to the dining hall. After waiting in line for my food, I looked around the dining area for Matt. I saw him sitting at the same table where we had eaten dinner the night before, he was sitting by himself. Jesus, he looked so lonely and sad. I wanted to just go sit next to him, but I couldn't work up the nerve. I desperately hoped I didn't really screw things up between us. 

Matt must have left by the time I was done because I didn't see him on my way out. I slowly made my way back to our room, taking my time in the hopes of running into him on the way back, unfortunately, I did not. When I got to our door, I paused. I considered the possibility that Matt might be back in the room but decided it was unlikely. If he had stayed out all day, what would be the point in him returning now. I opened the door to find out that I was wrong. Matt was sitting on his bed staring out the window. He heard me come in and turned towards me. 

"Hey." he said quietly, I replied in kind. I moved past him and sat down on the edge of my bed, facing him but staring at the floor. 

"Look, about this morning, I don't know why I did that." I said after a prolonged silence. I sighed. "If you want, I'll talk to the RA tomorrow and see if we can get different room assignments." He didn't say anything for a few moments and then I heard a sniffle. I looked up and saw Matt's eyes were red. "Are you okay?" I asked tentatively. He didn't respond and switched beds, so he was now sitting next to me. 

"I think you should just listen for a minute, Dave." He said, his voice sounding a little shaky. I confirmed my earlier suspicion, his eyes were definitely red. "I told you that I was kicked out of my old school because of a difference of opinion. That's not entirely true. I was kicked out because they found out that I'm gay." I was a little taken aback, but I didn't interrupt him. "I had known since eighth grade but I had never told anyone. Then, one day last year, after phys ed, one of the guys corners me in the locker room and kisses me." He paused, and sniffled again. "I was surprised but I thought he was hot, so I kissed back. Then, its like he suddenly realized what he was doing and stopped. He pushed me away called me a faggot then punched me, before throwing me in one of the showers." He paused again, and I looked at him. I noticed his eyes again, and they looked pained. I could tell it was taking a lot on his part to be telling me this story. He continued. "The next day, this boy goes to the dean and tells him that I had 'attacked' him in the locker room and tried to kiss him. The school, being a christian institution, had a strict anti-homosexuality policy and I was immediately expelled even though I did nothing wrong. I know this is a lot to lay on you, but hopefully you can understand why I reacted the way I did this morning. I just couldn't deal with that again and I freaked out." As he finished speaking I could hear pain in his voice. 

"I can only imagine what that was like," I suddenly had no trouble finding my words, "and I do feel bad about what I did this morning. Kissing you like that was way out of line, and if it means anything, I'm sorry." As I said that, Matt broke down and started crying. He fell against me, surprising me as he leaned into my chest. I put my arm around him, feeling how small he was. I felt his hot tears soak into my shirt, and I wanted nothing more at that moment than to hold him and comfort him. I pulled him tightly against me while he cried. 

"It's okay, Matt. That's over now, I'm here." I said, surprising myself with how easily the words came to reassure him. After a few moments, he spoke;

"Don't be sorry." 

"What?" I asked, thinking I had misheard. 

"I said, don't be sorry for kissing me. I did kind of like it." said Matt, wiping his eyes and starting to smile.

"You did?"

"Absolutely, I had a crush on you from almost the moment we met, and even more so now that I can see what a gentle person you are." he said nervously and hugged me tighter. 

"Well, I liked kissing you too, and when I first saw you, I thought you were the most beautiful person I'd ever seen, and since I met you, I've realized I really like you." I said, equally as nervously. He looked up at me and our eyes met. I leaned down and kissed him again, and this time he kissed back, deeply and passionately.