 I apologize to everyone for taking so long to post this! The fifth chapter is already in progress!

(All main characters are over the age of 18) 

I was in heaven. It was ecstasy, it was pure poetry. I fell backwards onto the bed, pulling Matt on top of me. He was lighter than I expected, and as a result, we tumbled a bit more roughly than I anticipated. His tongue snaked into my mouth, meeting my own. I moved my hand down his body and grabbed his butt, grinding his crotch into mine. I felt that his cock was hard as steel, straining against his pants, rubbing against my own trapped manhood. I started kissing his neck and he let out a small whimper of pleasure. He ground against me again, our legs entwined. He slid his hand under my shirt and up my back in a gentle caress that made me shiver. He moved to pull my shirt off and I leaned forward to help him, stripping off the garment and throwing it to the side. Matt began kissing my neck and chest, working his way downward. He paused at my left nipple, slowly circling it with his tongue before lightly biting it, causing me to inhale sharply, and become even more aroused, if that was even possible. He started to undo my belt and fly, but I stopped him. 

"You don't have to do this if you don't want to." I said.

"Haven't you caught on yet?" he teased, "I really do want to." He smiled at me as he continued to open my pants. Pushing my underwear out of the way, he grabbed my cock and freed it from the confines of my pants. Matt lightly ran his tongue up the underside of my throbbing erection, circling the head with the very tip of his tongue, causing me to twitch with pleasure. Licking his lips, he took me into his mouth, almost to the base. I watched as his mouth moved up and down on my cock, I could feel him using his tongue to tease my head, which nearly made me to cum on the spot, but he shifted his attention to my scrotum, taking it into his mouth while simultaneously stroking my head with the tips of his fingers. I could feel myself on the edge of orgasm. Matt took me back into his mouth, his warmth enveloping my manhood, his tongue once again tickling my sensitive head, driving me over the edge.

"Ungh, Matt, I'm about to cum." I groaned. In response, he moved his head down on my cock and I could feel the tip disappear down his throat as I came, my body tensing and my manhood coating his throat with hot cum. I could feel his throat massage my cock as he swallowed. A few moments later, I slipped from his mouth and he smiled up at me, a little bit of cum ran down his chin. Smiling, I leaned forward to wipe off his chin. I kissed him again and pulled him back on top of me, lifting the hem of his shirt, and pulling it off his body in one smooth motion. I stopped kissing him to admire his sleek form. 

"God damn, you're sexy." I remarked as my eyes traveled over his smooth body. I leaned down, and kissed his chest, nibbling his skin lightly as I did. I traced my tongue down the center of his torso, stopping to make small circles around his belly button, which made him twitch, much to my delight. Sliding my own body down the bed to my face was even with the star tattooed on his stomach, I undid the top button on his jeans. His jeans had a button fly and the remaining three buttons followed suit rather easily. I pulled his pants down, off his legs, and threw them aside. I noticed his underwear, and couldn't help but smile. 

"Rocket ship undies?" I teased. Matt blushed deeply. "I'm just teasing, I think they're adorable." I kissed his chest and slid my fingers inside the waistband. This was my first time doing anything like this, so I decided to just try to do what he had done for me. Easing his underwear down over his throbbing hard on, I feasted my eyes on the prize in front of me. It was about six and a half inches long, and about four inches around. Gingerly, I licked it from base to tip, causing him to let out an endearing moan of pure pleasure. I positioned my lips over his head and, circling it with my tongue, I took it into my mouth. The taste was a little salty, not entirely unpleasant and very musky. Taking a deep breath through my nose, I pushed my head down to take the rest of his length into my mouth, while simultaneously teasing the underside with the tip of my tongue. I slowly lifted my mouth off his cock, then swiftly plunged it back down, taking him to the hilt. A thought flashed through my head; maybe I was gay. I was surprised at how little this revelation bothered me. However, my attention quickly returned to Matt and his beautiful cock as he twitched and called out my name.

"David, I-I'm gonna c-cum." he whispered. I took this as my cue to engulf his cock once again. As soon as the tip of his erection touched the back of my throat, he convulsed and I felt his hot cum flood my mouth. I had no choice but to swallow, otherwise I probably would have choked on it, there was just so much. I felt it on my tongue and considered the taste. It was also salty, but sweet too. It briefly dawned on me that I kind of liked the taste. Holy crap I was gay, it wasn't even a question anymore. I caressed his softening member as I milked the last few drops of semen from it. Letting his cock fall from my mouth, climbed back onto the bed, next to his naked form.

"David that was amazing." Matt said quietly.

"I was just returning the favor." I smiled and kissed his cheek. He looked about ready to pass out. I snuggled up close to him, and he moved to lay on my chest. I hugged him close to me and I felt his breathing slow. After a few minutes, I looked down and saw he was asleep. Smiling, I closed my eyes and drifted off.

The next morning, there was a rapid knock at the door. I woke with a start at the sound and looked around blearily. The light that was filtering through the windows told me that morning had arrived. Remembering the events of last night, I smiled to myself and reached over to embrace Matt. When I realized that he wasn't under the sheets with me, I jumped up and out of bed, but before I could speculate as to where Matt could be, I heard the shower going in the bathroom. Relieved, I sank back down on to the bed, just in time for the knock at the door to start again, sounding impatient. 

"Hold on just a sec." I called towards the door as I looked around for my pants. Pulling on a set of sweatpants, I headed towards the door and swung it open. 

"Hey Dave, about time." The voice, and accompanying grin was that of Kevin Grey, the goalie for the school's soccer team. I had met him through some mutual friends, and we were friendly enough, but we didn't know each other that well. He was holding a soccer ball. 

"Hey Kev, what's up?" I asked, leaning on the door frame. 

"Well, everyone on the team heard about you getting picked to be cut, and we all thought it was bullshit." he said wistfully. "So a few of us got together and got this for you." He held up the soccer ball. It was a standard black and white practice ball, probably stolen from the equipment room. I looked closer and noticed that there were signatures in black marker all over the ball. I recognized most of the names. 

"Is this everyone on the team?" I asked, counting off the signatures in my head.

"Yup, even Coach Conrad signed it." came the reply. I was genuinely touched. I had thought no one had really missed me on the team, but this ball proved otherwise. "We've decided to appeal the decision to the Dean of Athletics." he continued. "We really want you back on the team."

"Well, I really want to be back on the team. Thank you for this, really, it means a lot to me. Tell everyone else I said thanks too." I said. 

"No problem man, will do." He started towards the staircase. "Take it easy, Dave"

"You too, bud." 

Turning back towards my room, I gently tossed the ball onto my bed. I heard the door click shut behind me and smiled to myself again. I quickly stripped off my boxers and moved towards the bathroom. I slowly turned the handle on the door so it wouldn't make a sound. Stepping inside, I bit my lower lip as I saw the skinny outline of Matt's naked form through the shower curtain. I grabbed hold of the curtain and eased it aside. Matt had his back to me as he rubbed shampoo in his hair. I smiled for the third time as I slowly stepped into the shower behind him.