 I felt the hot water hit my arm as I reached out towards Matt. I quickly wrapped both arms around his waist and pulled him into me. 

"Surprise." I said quietly as I buried my face in his neck. Matt started and let out a yell as soon as he felt my hands. His hands flew to my own and gripped them in fright as he tried to pull them off. His fright only lasted for a moment however, because as soon as he realized who was behind him, he spun around, blushing. God damn he was sexy. 

"Jeez David, you scared me." He said, looking down. I could tell he was embarrassed of his reaction. 

"I'm sorry," I said, "I was just trying to be cute." I brushed a wet strand of hair away from his eye. 

"Well, I do think its cute of you to join me in the shower." he retorted. I smiled as he raised his mouth to mine. I leaned in to meet him and we kissed under the falling water of the shower. As we did, a thought went through my head that each time I kissed him was better than the last. The cool steel of his lip ring left my mouth tingling as we pulled apart. "I hope you didn't come in here just for that," he said as he reached around me to grab a bar of soap. "Because after last night I think we both need a shower." He started to scrub himself with the bar of soap before I stopped him,

"Here, allow me." Moving behind him, which is no small feat in such a tiny shower, I began to slowly rub the bar of soap across his shoulders. As I moved down his back, I pulled him closer to me before pressing his back against my stomach, my now fully erect cock was pressed between us. I moved the bar of soap around his front, moving in circles across his smooth, firm stomach. He ground back against me, causing my cock to slip between the cheeks of his perfect ass. Leaning forward, I kissed his neck, pausing to give it a quick, playful nip. He put his hand in mine, taking the soap from me and giving my hand a gentle squeeze in the process. As he placed the soap back in the dish on the wall, he turned to face me. Glancing down, I saw that he was also fully hard. Grinning, I pulled him into me, causing our rigid members to slide across one another. Our mouths met once again, our tongues intertwining. As we kissed, I closed my eyes and allowed myself to be lost in the moment. I opened my eyes again when Matt pulled away from me, breaking our kiss. 

"I don't know about you, but I could definitely use some breakfast." He said as he rinsed the soap suds from his perfect body. "We can deal with this later." He gave my cock a light stroke and winked at me as he stepped out of the shower. Smiling to myself, I rinsed the soap from my body that had been rubbed off from him as I heard him open the bathroom door and step out. 

After a short, sunny walk, we arrived at the dining hall. Unfortunately, we were somewhat late, as enormous lines had already formed in front of the serving counters. We waited in line in relative silence. I kept wanting to talk to Matt, ask him what was between us now, but the breakfast line didn't seem like the place to do it. Besides, every time I looked at him, he seemed to be staring off into the distance, absorbed in thought. I figured he needed to think about stuff just as much as I did, so I didn't break the silence. The kitchen staff at Merrigood are pretty efficient, so the line moved pretty quickly. We soon had our food and were looking for a place to sit down, where we would be relatively undisturbed. 

"The main hall is pretty packed right now, do you want to go someplace else?" I asked Matt. 

"Can we? I thought we were only allowed to eat in the dining hall." he replied. 

"Technically, we are supposed to stay in the dining hall. But don't worry, I know a good place." I said as I started walking towards the back of the hall. We arrived at a discrete looking door, painted the same color as the wall. Making sure that no one was looking, which was fairly easy, given that we were actually down a small hallway in one corner of the dining hall, I pushed the door open. Inside was a room much smaller than the dining hall with only a few tables and chairs in it. 

"Wow, what is this place?" Asked Matt as we sat at one of the smaller tables. 

"This place is technically known as the auxiliary dining hall. They used to use it for events and stuff, but since they finished the new reception pavilion, it almost never gets used." I replied as I pulled up a chair next to him. "When I was a freshman, one of my senior friends showed me this room, but back then it was used more often, so we had to be more careful."

"I won't lie, this is pretty cool." said Matt as he started to eat. 

"Useful too, sometimes its nice to get away from the crowd, you know?" Matt laughed and said, 

"Yeah, I know exactly what you mean. To be honest I get kind of uncomfortable in crowds." 

"Aw, why's that?" I asked. 

"Eh, it was something that happened a long time ago. I'll tell you about it some other time." I could tell he really didn't want to talk about it right now so I didn't push it. I decided to change the subject and bring up something that I knew we both had been thinking about. 

"So," I cleared my throat slightly. I was suddenly very nervous. "About last night, I think we should talk about it." 

"Yeah, I think so too." Matt said. 

"So, what I'm wondering is, what exactly is between us?" I asked.

"What would you like to be between us?" Matt asked quietly, looking at the ground. 

"Well, I've never really been in this situation before, to be honest. But then again, I've never felt about another person, what I'm feeling about you." Just like the previous night, the words just seemed to come to me and articulate exactly what I wanted to say. "So I guess that, if you want it as well, I'd like to have a relationship with you." I bit my lip in anticipation of his answer. My heart was racing. He looked up and smiled an adorable, half smile at me.

"I think I would definitely like that." He couldn't have said anything else at that moment that would have made me happier. I stood up and hugged him, which I think surprised him a little because he jumped a bit. After I sat back down, I asked, 

"So does this mean I'm your boyfriend?" Matt laughed and said,

"I think so, David." and reached out to took hold of my hand, interlocking our fingers. I could only smile. 

My smile darkened as a thought crossed my mind. Matt must of noticed as he let squeezed m hand tighter and asked,

"What's the matter?" 

"Something just occurred to me." I replied with a sigh. 

"Something like what?" he asked, apprehensively. 

"Do we let people know? I don't know if you've noticed yet, but most people here are pretty conservative. There's no telling how they would take it." I said, rushing to get the words out. I looked down at my feet. 

"David," said Matt as he put his hand on my knee. "If there's one thing I've learned, its that you can't be afraid of what people will think of you." He looked at me with those amazingly blue eyes and I had to smile again. He continued, "That being said, I think it would be a good idea for us to be discrete, but honest."

"What do you mean?" I asked. 

"I mean we should probably contain ourselves when we're in public, but if someone was to ask if we are together, we should be honest."

"That works for me." I said, and saw him smile his adorable half smile. God damn he was sexy.