 David was horny again. What he was horny for was what he hadn't been getting much of lately, and that was a big, hard cock in his ass. When he got horny enough, he used his dildo but that was tiring and not very satisfactory and he hadn't yet reached the point where he would be desperate enough to do that. Sucking cocks was also something he enjoyed and he did get some of that, although not as much as he wanted, but he preferred getting fucked in the ass, preferably by a big cock, but he thought of it as being fucked in his asspussy.

Earlier that morning, David had checked with the online dating service and had found no messages. He decided to look again, although he had very low expectations. Nobody wanted to fuck the ass of a man as old as he was. There was a message; David didn't expect much from it but he opened it. Once in a while there would be something from another older man who wanted the same kind of action that David wanted and that was what he expected this time. At least they would be able to commiserate with each other.

The message was standard. The sender wanted to get together for some hot sex. When David clicked on the profile, he was amazed because the picture that jumped out at him was a photo of a studly young man with a huge, stiff cock. According to the text, the sender was 25 years old, six feet, six inches tall and very athletic. Furthermore, he was strictly a top, and was very attracted to pudgy men in their fifties and sixties, and was very horny because he hadn't been able to make any connections lately. Best of all, he was single and had his own apartment in that same city. With his mouth drooling and his ass tingling at the thought of that long, thick cock, David responded by suggesting they get together that day or the next, and including his first name and the email address that he was keeping secret from his wife. All of his gay life was secret from his wife because she never would have stood for it if she had known about it. He hoped that none of his contemporaries would have a chance to snatch up this dreamboat before he could. Although it seemed too good to be true, he hoped it was.

An hour later, just before noon, David checked his email box again and there was a message from the young man. "My name is Richard," it said. "All my friends call me Big Dick because I am so tall." David could think of a much better reason for the nickname and his ass tingled even more at the thought. The message went on to say that Richard would be home all that afternoon and that he had nothing much to do. Richard's telephone number was included.

Still thinking this might be too good to be true, David dialed the telephone number, and after three rings, a deep voice answered. "Hello"

"Hello, Richard? This is David."

"David"

"Yes. I just got your email message. Are you busy?"

"Oh. David. Yes. I mean, no, I'm not busy. Today is my day off so I'm just kicking back this afternoon. I hope you can come over and we can have some fun together. Or would you rather I come over to your place?"

"Where do you live? I'll come over there." When Richard gave his address, David recognized it as being only about three miles away. "I know where that is and I will be over in about twenty minutes."

David went to the garage where he had what he called his slut bag. It included condoms, KY Jelly, a plastic box for his dentures and the strongest mouthwash he could find. It also included his dildo but he didn't expect to have any use for that on that day. After a few minutes' drive, he was at the apartment house of Big Dick, where he hoped a big dick was ready and waiting for him. David walked up the stairs, found the apartment number he had been given and rang the doorbell. The door opened a crack. "Yes?" came the deep voice that David had heard before.

"It's David. Can I come in?"

The door opened wide and David walked in. The young giant from the profile, wearing only Jockey shorts was offering his hand which David shook but his eyes were really on the bulge in the Jockey shorts. "I'm really glad to see you," came the deep voice. "I have really been horny. It's nice of you to come over on such short notice. Do you want to go to the bedroom?"

That, of course, was exactly where David wanted to go, slut bag in hand. He scuffed out of his shoes, removed his dentures and was already unbuckling his pants as he followed Richard into the promised land.

Richard sat on his bed as David was removing the rest of his clothing. "What do you want me to do?," he asked.

"Just relax and sit on the bed." After David was naked he knelt in front of Richard and started to gently pull down his Jockey shorts. When Richard lifted himself off the bed, the shorts came off and the object of David's desire sprang up and out. Richard's cock was at least eight inches long, probably closer to nine, and it was disproportionately thick. David was drooling and if his asspussy could have lubricated, it would have. He licked Richard's balls and his big cock, so it would be wet when it went into his mouth.

The big cock was ready and David was more than ready. When he took it into his mouth, he realized it was the nicest real cock, that is, outside of pictures, that he had ever seen and, by a country mile, the best he had ever had in his mouth. It was warm, like a dildo was not, and firm, even the tip, and soon it would be the best one he had ever had in his asspussy. With his dentures out, David took most of the cock into his mouth and stroked it a few times. It was extremely pleasant but his ass was screaming to get in on the action, so David stopped sucking and got out his condoms.

Optimistically, he had bought both the regular and the king size and he got out one of the latter, opened it and rolled it on where it belonged. It was a tight fit. Then he slathered on the KY Jelly, covering all of Richard's cock, especially the tip, and started applying the Jelly to his ass. He rubbed it all around his waiting hole, then put the tip of the tube into himself and squirted in a load. After that he stuck his middle finger all the way in and spread it around the sides as far in as he could reach. With his ass ready for the best fucking it had ever had, David lay on the bed, spread his legs and put a pillow under his waist.

Richard knelt on the bed, his cock in his hand. As he reached back and spread his asscheeks, David gave instructions. "Reach into my asspussy with your fingers and open it. Good. Now put the tip of your cock right in there. Right. There. Ooooo." A dull pain, which quickly evolved into pleasure spread over David, emanating from his ass. "Put some more in," he said.

"Oooo. Oooohh." was David's response as a little more of Richard's cock entered his ass. Even though his prostate hadn't been reached yet, David considered this to be one of the best fuckings he had ever gotten. His anal sphincter was already stretched, and there was still a lot of cock ready to go into his ass. "Okay, Big Dick. Put some more of that big dick into me."

Richard complied, easing another two inches of his tool into David's eager ass, and the pleasure/pain for David was incredible. Richard's big, stiff cock was now massaging David's prostate gland, sometimes described as the male clit, and David agreed with that description. His sphincter had been stretched even more but the slight pain from that had quickly been replaced entirely by pleasure, and his ass and prostate were the source of waves of pleasure that washed over his whole body. David's hands were still spreading his asscheeks and he wanted more.

Moving his fingers in to the rim of his asspussy, David could feel that Richard still had plenty of cock for him so he stretched his opening a little more and said "Okay, put everything into me, but go slow." Richard had his hands on David's hips and he slowly shoved his entire cock into David's ass. David thought he might faint from the intense pleasure but he said "Okay, now fuck me good but go slow." He handed Richard the tube of KY Jelly. "Use more of this if it gets too tight." Richard was compliant and he pulled his cock back and thrust it all the way back in until David could feel Richard's pubic hair on his asscheeks. To David, it felt like his ass was an ocean of pleasure and, as Richard stroked his cock in and out, tidal waves of that pleasure washed over David's whole body.

Of course, David wasn't the only one enjoying himself. "My, God, David, that feels great. Your ass is so hot and tight and slick. My girl friend is loose but she still says I hurt her. She won't suck my cock either because she says it is too big for her mouth. I hope you will, after I cum, because I will still be horny."

Richard continued slowly fucking his big cock in and out of David's ass. With every stroke, 100% pure pleasure flooded over David from his ass as Richard's cock drove all the way in. His anal sphincter was spread more than it had ever been and his prostate was getting the best massage it had ever gotten. David was absolutely certain this was the best fucking he had ever gotten, maybe the best fucking anybody had ever gotten.

David's cock was fully hard but he couldn't masturbate. If he started to pump it, there was no feeling. It probably would have felt good but the fantastic pleasure radiating out from his ass as Richard's cock drove in and out overwhelmed any lesser pleasure and made it as nothing. "After he cums, I will suck his cock and I will jack off then," David decided. It didn't look as if that would happen any time soon, though, as Richard's cock kept plunging in and out of David's ass while David reached new heights of ecstasy.

Eventually, of course, it had to end. "Oh, damn," said Richard. "I'm going to cum. Usually I can fuck for more than 30 minutes but I was really horny." He applied more KY Jelly and started fucking David faster, increasing the already incredible pleasure David was feeling in every cell of his body. Richard's cock went in harder and deeper and faster until he climaxed with one last thrust, and David almost fainted again from the pure pleasure. Quickly, Richard peeled off the condom, and presented his cock to David's mouth.

It was still harder than most of the cocks that David sucked off, and he took it into his mouth as far as he could, which was quite far, since he had removed his dentures. There was still a lot of Richard's delicious, fresh cum and David relished that, and as he sucked the cock in and out of his mouth, more dripped out to be savored and swallowed. When Richard's cock first entered David's eager mouth, it had been while David was still lying face down with a pillow under his waist and he had turned his head to accept it. As David continued sucking Richard's cock, the two men changed their positions on the bed until the big man was lying on his back, with his upper body propped up by pillows and David was kneeling between Richard's legs, his head bobbing up and down as Richard's cock went in and out of his mouth, while his hand was pumping his own cock.

David didn't really deep throat but he had a good sized mouth and he was stroking his head up and down so that Richard's cock was bumping against the back of his mouth every time he lowered his head. Since he had no teeth in front, David was able to hold the cock fairly tightly with his gums so when he raised his head, just the head of it was held and David's tongue was able to lick Richard's cock head. As David lowered his head and enveloped Richard's cock, his tongue was able to caress the entire shaft as it entered his mouth. David knew he was good at sucking cocks and Richard validated this belief.

"My God, David. You are really good. You suck cocks better than anybody I've ever known. You are the best at fucking and the best at sucking." David really loved hearing Richard's praise but he loved sucking Richard's cock even more. He also loved the feeling of his own cock being pumped by his hand and he synchronized the stroking of his mouth on Richard's cock to the stroking of his hand on his own cock, until he ejaculated with a pleasant, relaxed feeling. Even the jacking off was some of the best he had ever done.

David continued sucking Richard's big cock, for a long time, sometimes just letting it slide between his gums and sometimes squeezing with his lips and applying stronger suction. Either way, David's tongue gently massaged the big hard cock that was giving his mouth so much pleasure, and that had given his ass so much pleasure a little earlier. Up and down went his head and in and out went Richard's cock while Richard lay back and moaned his pleasure until finally, "I'm getting ready to cum, David. Do you want me to cum into your mouth?"

That was exactly what David wanted. He loved having men cum into his mouth and he always swallowed all the cum, and squeezed out more if he could. David considered the cum to be a reward for being good at sucking somebody's cock and felt cheated if he didn't get to swallow it. Knowing Richard was about to give him a big load of delicious reward, David started sucking his cock in and out of his mouth faster, still caressing it with his tongue and he kept his lips tighter so he didn't lose any.

Richard's cock was throbbing in David's mouth when he gave a groan, and ejaculated heavily. After enjoying the taste of the fresh cum, David swallowed most of it, and kept his lips milking the softening cock to get the rest. With his thumb, he gently pressed the base of Richard's cock, soft now, and squeezed up to get all the cum he could, and when he was done with that, he licked around the head of the flaccid organ until he was satisfied that he had gotten all his reward.

A very satisfied Richard made David an offer that he thought both men would like. "I've got a buddy and he is as horny as I am. His girlfriend is a bitch, just like mine. We spend a lot of money and take them dancing and sometimes we don't even get to cop a feel. They don't really like to fuck but sometimes they lie there and let us fuck them just to keep us around. Your ass is a hell of a lot better than their pussies and you really like to fuck and suck cocks too. Suppose we have you come over here and we can take turns fucking your ass or you can suck us off, whatever feels good, a couple of times a week, and we can dump those bitches. I know my buddy and I will like it a lot more and I think you'll like it too. What do you say?"

David knew what he wanted to say, and he said it. It looked like his sex life, at least the gay part, was about to undergo a truly vast improvement.