 This is my first story here, so any constructive criticism is welcome. All characters and events are fake. I hope you enjoy!

*****

Ted is a standard practice doctor at the local hospital. He sees dozens of patients a day, including beautiful people, and ugly people. It's always a good day when he gets someone who is in fact very attractive and has a problem that requires removal of clothes (for obvious reasons). I should also mention that Ted is strongly bisexual, he'll fuck anything that walks, as long as they're attractive. 

So one Tuesday afternoon this really cute guy comes in. He's in his mid thirties, and obviously kept up with his exercise because he was in great shape. His name was David, and he was having stomach issues.

"So what seems to be the problem?" Ted asked.

David responded, "I don't really know, my stomach has been hurting for the past few days, and nothing seems to make it better"

"Have you tried taking any medicine?"

"Yeah, any over the counter stuff I've tried, but my stomach still hurts."

"Have you been normal?"

"Well I haven't pooped very much because I haven't been eating due to my stomach hurting."

"Makes sense. I'm just going to check a few things around your body, and then we'll take it from there."

Ted moved forward and checked David's heart rate and other standard things. Everything seemed to be fine.

"Have you eaten anything out of the ordinary?" Ted asked.

"No, I live a pretty healthy lifestyle, I eat well and exercise most days." David responded.

"Alright, well since everything normal seems to be fine, I'm going to have to check the back door to make sure there isn't anything wrong back there."

"Um, alright" David hesitated, he'd never gotten a prostate exam or anything put up his butt, things only ever came out.

"So just stand up and take your clothes off and we'll get started."

Ted was so excited right now, he was hard as a rock underneath his lab coat. Here's this cute guy, he's about to get naked, and Ted get's to shove his finger up his ass. This was turning out to be a very good day.

"Do I have to take all of my clothes off?" David asked.

"Yes, I don't want your shirt to hang down and get in the way, plus I need to see your stomach." Ted responded. His imagination started to run wild, he might be able to work in his favor.

"Oh ok, I'll have you know I've never done anything like this before."

"Oh it's fine, I do prostate exams all the time, you're in good hands." Ted said comfortingly.

So David stood up and began to take his t-shirt off. Ted got even harder when he saw how muscular David was, he had an awesome six pack and defined muscle every where. The David hesitated before he pulled down his shorts and underwear in one swoop. It wasn't super erotic, but Ted was still horny as ever. 

"Alright, just go ahead and put your hands on the table and put your butt out to me. You'll feel some slight discomfort, but that's totally normal." As he was saying this Ted couldn't help but fantasize about shoving his hard dick right in David's ass. But he knew even if he wanted that, he couldn't just do it. So Ted hatched a plan, David had never had an exam before, so he wouldn't know what to expect.

Ted reached for his gloves and some lube, he applied the lube to David's asshole, rubbing it in very slowly. He then put his index finger right on David's entrance, then he applied slight pressure and slowly drove his finger in. David let out a moan.

"I'm so sorry, I didn't mean for that to happen" David said, feeling ashamed he just moaned at his doctor putting his finger in his ass.

"It's totally fine, happens all the time," Ted responded, "There doesn't seem to be anything wrong with your prostate, so I'm gonna have to dig around a little and try to find the problem, so don't be alarmed if this takes longer than you might expect."

"Oh, alright," David said, "I trust you"

Those fatal words helped Ted's plan perfectly. Ted then pulled his finger out and put more lube on it, then he put two fingers into David's ass, trying to stretch it out and get it ready for his dick. He moved his fingers in and out slowly, looking at David, making sure he wasn't getting suspicious. Then he pulled out and put three fingers in, that was a challenge, and David moaned in pain from being stretched out so much.

"Sorry about that, just need to open you up to see inside," Ted told David to comfort him. 

Ted then pulled his rock hard dick out of his pants, he also threw his jacket away so it wouldn't hit David. Ted poured a lot of lube on his dick, getting it nice and ready. Then he positioned his dick right at the entrance to David's asshole, and he slowly started pushing it in.

"Oh my god! He is so fucking tight, this is fucking amazing!" Ted thought to himself as he shoved his dick farther into David's ass. David never once looked back to see what was happening. He just let it happen, unaware his own doctor was fucking him!

Ted started thrusting in and out, he thought for sure David would look back to see why he was going in and out instead of just staying in. But he never did. So Ted just kept fucking, he even put his hand on David's hip to get better control. He never let his body touch, just his dick, nice and slow. Then the most amazing this happened. David starting moaning in pleasure.

"This might be really awkward, but that feels really good. I get why some guys like it up the butt now" David said jokingly, still having no clue he's getting fucked as he says that.

Then Ted does something that should give away what he's doing, but he thinks this will play out in his favor. He puts his right hand on David's other hip and buries his dick as far as it will go. His body is touching David's at this point, and he just leaves it there to let David figure it out.

David turns his head slowly in realization, looking back to see his doctor holding his hips with his dick buried in his ass.

"Holy fuck! What the fuck are you doing?!?!" David yelled.

"Don't worry, I'm a doctor and this will make you feel better!" As he said this, Ted starting fucking David for real now. Really going at it, and making loud clapping noises as their bodies met. 

David felt too much pleasure to even tell him to stop, he just started moaning and closed his eyes. This put Ted over the top, he immediately went as fast as he could go. Fucking the shit out of David's ass. He could feel he was close to cumming.

"I'm gonna cum in your slut ass, and you're gonna take it all" He told David as he was getting closer.

"Yes! Give it to me! Make me your bitch!" David yelled back.

Ted immediately blew his load as deep as it would go, in David's ass. He kept fucking for a few more pumps, but his dick started to get soft after all the fucking.

"Oh my god that was amazing!" David said in ecstasy.

"Get on your knees and lick this cum off of my dick you slut," Ted told David.

David dropped to his knees and spun around to face his doctor. He grabbed his dick and shoved it all the way in his mouth, as far as it would go. He was sucking and licking every last drop of cum, with a mixture of Ted's cum and his ass filling his mouth. He licked up and down Ted's shaft, getting every last drop of flavor from their session. After about two minutes Ted was soft and had had enough.

"Alright, that's enough cumdumpster" Ted assigned his new bitch a name. David frowned at him, wanting more.

"I'm not sure what the problem seems to be quite yet, so I'm going to have to see you a few more times this week to asses it properly" Ted said to David with a smile. He knew this was going to be fun.