 There is something very comfortable about waking up with a mans hand resting on your crotch. Maybe more so today because it hasn't happened for me for a very long time. 

The hand belongs to T.J. I met him yesterday in the sauna at the gym. Within an hour we were back here at his place. That's not like me. We had been checking each other out. Then he remarked on my dragonfly tattoo. Our conversation got playful. We came back here. Suddenly we couldn't keep our hands off each other. And MAN can this guy kiss. 

When he started licking and kissing my feet and sucking on my toes it blew me away. NEVER experienced that before. Fuck it was a turn on. His oral skills go beyond kissing and toe sucking. I shot my load into his mouth three times last night. Twice we were doing 69. 

He's got a real sweet cock too. Somewhere between six and seven inches I'd guess. Very suckable. 

Oh my. He couldn't have been snoring like that last night. I wouldn't have gotten any sleep. But he looks awfully cute.

I wonder if he's into anal sex. I'd really like to feel his cock in my ass. Well, I've got to move his hand because I need to get up to pee. Careful now, don't want to wake him up. Now to ease myself out of the bed. Good. He's still asleep, didn't even break the rhythm of his snoring.

I'll just pick up my clothes and take them with me to the bathroom. Pull down my shorts. Ah, that feels better. While I'm in here I may as well take a shower. Off with the shorts , then. Warm but not warm enough. A little more hot water. Yes. that's the right temperature. Oh yes. That feels so good. Soap. Lather. Rinse my front. Rinse behind. Shampoo? Oh, there it is. Shampoo and conditioner in one bottle. Okay. What's that? Oh. T.J. woke up after all. He's brushing his teeth.

"I've got a toothbrush that hasn't been used yet. I'll leave it here on the sink. It's the red one." he has to raise his voice to be heard over the shower.

I call out, "thanks." and start washing my hair. T.J. starts shaving. Hmm. He uses an electric razor. I finish showering about the time he finishes shaving. I open the shower door and grab a towel. He starts to take a pee. I don't know if he feels comfortable with me or if he just has to go. I remember that there is just the one bathroom in the house. He's washing his hands as I've finished drying myself and step out of the shower.

He says, "I'll go fix us some breakfast. Hope you like scrambled eggs."

"I do," I say, "but wait just a minute, please." I step to the sink and quickly brush my teeth. I then pull his face down to mine and kiss him. He responds with enthusiasm.

"I suppose breakfast could wait." he says.

I take him by the hand and lead him to the bed we both just left. I pull him into my arms and kiss him again. I reach down and take his cock in my hand. I whisper in his ear, "I want this sweet cock of yours hard and I want it up my ass. That okay with you?"

"Yes, Dirk, yes. I want to fuck you." and I can tell he means it because his cock is getting harder in my hand. 

And now we're laying on the bed kissing and I'm stroking his cock. Oh god. It's beautiful.

"Dirk," he says, "I'm ready. There's some lube in the drawer of the end table." I get the lube and pour it in my hand. I slather it on his cock. I straddle him, my cock pointed at his stomach. I feel the tip of his cock-head against the hole of my ass. I lower myself and feel the penetration and I moan.

I push down a little further and we both moan. I push down slowly letting his cock fill me. Oh god yes. With his cock filling my ass I lean forward pressing my own cock into his stomach and I kiss him again.

Then I rock forward and back, a gentle motion, rocking on his cock, letting his cock slide in and out by maybe half an inch.

I rock myself a little more vigorously sliding about half the length of his cock. I sit up and use my knees a little more and ride the full length of him. With my ass in his lap I feel every inch of his cock filling me. Then I pull up until only his cock-head remains. A couple times his cock gets out completely but T.J. repositions it. Then I lower myself again. I ride his cock faster and faster. Each time it fills me it feels more amazing than the last time and when he cums inside me I cry out in joy.

We lay there afterward and he gently strokes my cock. Oh god. I think I'm falling in love with this man.