 It was my first day off in a couple of months. We've been incredibly short staffed at work, and days off were hard to come by. However, I've been killing myself by coming in early and usually being the last to leave, and thankfully, my boss took notice --- and pity on me --- and suggested I take a day before I burnout. It was late May, the weather was absolutely wonderful, and I was heading to the beach.

I'm not super fond of the beach, and with my Irish skin, the sun turns me into a pink mess in no time at all, but today was different. I was free of work and responsibilities, and the best way I could think to spend my day was to lay on the beach and do absolutely nothing at all. Today, it was going to be a dream come true.

I put my bathing suit on and then a pair of shorts over them, since they're a little short and tight since the last time I went to the beach (probably well over a year ago). I threw on a t-shirt, sandals, packed a cooler with iced tea, a sandwich and some snacks, grabbed the sun tan lotion and a large umbrella to shade me a bit, and I was off. I drove to the beach with the windows down, wind blowing in my hair, sunglasses on my face, and a smile as wide as the highway.

When I pulled into the beach parking lot, I noticed that most people were heading to the right, but a small few were heading to the left. I figured i'd go where the crowds weren't if I wanted to relax, so I headed left. A few hundred feet into my walk, I saw a sign in the sand warning visitors that beyond this point, bathing suits were optional. It was a nude beach on this side of the parking lot! Ugh, I had no idea. I didn't want to turn around and walk all the way back, but I had never been to a nude beach before. I figured, what the heck, and kept going.

I passed a few people along with way, laying nude on their blankets, some wading in the surf, in all their nakedness. I was feeling a bit bashful, but I had nothing to worry about. I'm 6' tall, 175 lbs, blond hair, blue eyes, and a 6" cock that's cut and shaved clean. I've been hit on by girls and guys before, and enjoyed my bisexual activities in the past, so I figured what the heck.

I picked a nice spot away from everyone else, spread out my blanket, opened my umbrella and positioned it so I had maximum shade from the sun. I took my sandals off and used them to anchor two corners of the blanket, my cooler the third, and finally my clothes the fourth corner. I just had to laugh, standing there naked on the beach, enjoying my day off, not a care in the world at this very moment. I took a sip of my drink, had a snack, and applied some lotion, but not too much, as I hate that greasy feeling. I laid down, closed my eyes, and enjoyed the warm sun and cool breeze on my body.

I'm not sure how long I was asleep, but I woke up to a guy standing next to my blanket calling me. "Hey buddy, wake up." I kept hearing. I opened my eyes and found this tall, older guy standing over me. He was good looking, salt-n-pepper hair, and a large cock just swinging between his legs. Even limp, it was thick and long. I realized I was staring at it, and quickly changed my position to look him in the eyes.

"Hi. Can I help you?" I said.

"No, but you were sleeping and when I walked by I noticed you are burning badly" he said. "I just wanted to warn you before it got worse."

Just as he said the word "burning", I felt it. That tight, painful skin sensation of a sunburn. "Ouch" I said as I tried to stand up. "Wow, I really am burnt."

"How long were you sleeping?"

"I don't know. I got here about an hour ago, so maybe 40 or so minutes" was my best assumption.

"You're pretty red. Do you have any aloe?" He asked.

I told him I didn't. He said he did, back at his tent, if I wanted to follow him. I suddenly felt nervous and bashful, so I told him i'd be ok, and thanked him for waking me. "I guess I'll swim a bit then head home. Thanks...?"

"John. My name is John."

"Thanks John. I'm Kevin."

We shook hands and parted. He headed to his tent setup, and I to the water. I was wading and soaking my burn when I noticed him walking back to my blanket. I got out and dried myself off while walking back to meet him.

"I felt bad for you and that burn, so I brought you the aloe." I went to reach for it, and he said "Here, i'll put it on you." Needless to say, I was a bit taken back, and the thought of a total stranger who was naked touching me was a little weird, but I figured the aloe would feel great on this burn, so what did I have to lose.

"Lay down on your blanket and I'll spread it on you. I promise to be easy." 

I laid down and he kneeled right next to me, leaning over to apply the aloe. It felt so cool and comforting that I didn't realize his cock was poking my arm and swinging by my head as he moved about. I closed my eyes and tried not to think about it, but between his cock and the feeling of him rubbing aloe on me, I sprung an enormous erection and didn't even realize it, until he cleared his throat loudly.

"You seem 'excited' about the beach today" he said with a slight chuckle.

"Oh my God, I'm so sorry, I..." 

"Don't worry, its ok" he said, then reached over and gently grabbed my cock, squeezing it lightly, while the pulse of my heartbeat was felt in my cock.

"John, I..."

"Don't worry Kevin, no one is around us. Just lay there and relax."

Completely on edge, I tried to relax and close my eyes while he gently stroked my cock. I won't lie, it felt amazing, and although I consider myself straight, I am no stranger to a man's touch (thanks to my gay college roommate).

John was stroking my cock with one hand and cupping my balls with the other. It felt amazing, and I was about to tell him that when he slipped a finger in my ass. My eyes shot open and he looked at me, smiling, "do you feel relaxed now?"

All I could muster was an awkward "yeah" and dropped my head back to the blanket. He picked up his speed and slipped another finger in my ass, working both ends of me. I told him I was going to cum, and he again increase his speed even more. I moaned out loud as rope after rope of hot, stringy cum shot out of my cock, dropping all over my stomach and chest.

Panting, I told him that was amazing. He wiped some of my cum with his finger and said "let's go for a swim and get you cleaned up." He grabbed my hand and let me to the water. As we waded in, he stood behind me and wiped my chest with the water, while his now hardening cock was grinding my ass and lower back. He leaned forward and asked me if I was ok with this, and I told him yes, it felt good. He was gently grinding me when he suggested I follow him back to his tent. I agreed to go.

Walking with him back to his tent, my stomach was full of butterflies. I wasn't sure what his plans were, and what I would be willing to do, but i was relaxed, and now very horny. I told myself to go with it, its my day off, and don't be afraid to say no if i'm uncomfortable.

John's tent was no joke. He must have been a real beach fiend. It was almost a clam shell shape, with a blanket attached and 3 sides and a roof giving plenty of shade from the sun, and plenty of privacy from onlookers. We both laid down when John leaned over and kissed me on the lips. I was a bit surprised, and opened my mouth more in shock, but he took that as a sign and pushed his tongue in. I accepted and making out with him was very nice.

I reached down to stroke his cock and felt him fully hard. It must have been 9" and thicker than before. I could feel it throbbing in my hand, and it was turning me on. We continued kissing, while I switched between stroking his cock and massaging his large balls, until I got the nerve to kiss my way down his stomach to his cock. I froze, starring at his cock, unsure if I was really ready to do this, when he gently pushed my head down a bit, and I opened my mouth and took him in. He was so hard, but the head of his cock was spongy, and I was determined to get as much of it in my mouth as possibly. 

I must have been doing well, because he started moaning, and that turned me on even more. I was enjoying giving him head, and I felt him start to probe my ass again with his fingers. First one, then two, then pushing them deep in and out. I knew that he was trying to loosen me up to take his cock, but I wasn't sure if I wanted it...or could even handle it.

He said he was getting close, but wanted to wait, so I left his cock and came back up to kiss him. Although we had a good amount of privacy, there were some people in the area who took notice of our activities, and started to make their way closer to John's tent. At first I was nervous about drawing a crowd, but when I saw the guys stroking themselves, it got me really hot, and I began to enjoy the idea that we were giving them a show.

John whispered in my ear "get on all fours", so I did as he asked, and when I did, he plunged his tongue deep into my asshole. That has always been one of my biggest turn-ons, and I moaned a bit in pleasure, to the delight of our growing crowd of horny gay men. John knew exactly what he was doing, and I was enjoying every moment of his talented tongue. After a few minutes, he kissed me up my back to my neck, and asked if he could fuck me. Before I could even think about my answer, I surprised myself to hear me say yes.

As John prepared himself on his knees, lining his cockhead up to my asshole, the crown inched closer, smiling, almost rooting us on. John slowly pressed his cock against me, and I slowly felt the pressure of his giant cock trying to enter me. I pushed back, breathed through it, and slowly let him enter. Once his head was in, he paused a moment and asked me if I was ok. I told him yes, but be gentle. He agreed, and slowly pushed himself further and deeper inside me. 

I had gasped a few times, and when I felt him bottom out inside me, I threw my head back in a passionate release of excitement, and cried out how deep and big he was, that it felt great.

Sensing that I was ok, John began to pick up the pace and fuck me really good. As he was telling me how good my ass felt, I was even more turned on. I reached out to one of the guys standing to my right and indicated that i wanted his cock. He sat down next to me on the blanket and I began stroking his cock. At this, the guy closest to me on the left did the same, and I now had two hard cocks in each hand and one deep in my asshole. I was crazy with heat and horniness, and loving this moment. 

I figured John was getting close because he was starting to really drill me now, and I couldn't concentrate on jerking my new friends off. I let go of their cocks, when one of them moved towards my face and held it in front of my mouth, waiting to see if I'd accept. Like the slut I was at that moment, I opened up my mouth and let him in. I was being spitroasted and loving every minute of it. John must have been turned on by it because with almost no warning, he said he was going to cum and asked me where I wanted it. I told him inside me and at that moment, he screamed out, pushed deep and held it there. I swear I could feel him filling my bowels with cum.

After a moment like that, he slowly pulled out. I felt worn out and empty, and that's when the cock in my mouth exploded, sending a torrent of cum to the back of my throat. I swallowed as much as I could, but some dribbled down my chin. He pulled out, and I collapsed on the blanket, rolling onto my back and breathing heavily. 

One of the other guys i was jerking off asked me if he could fuck me, and I said yes. He lifted my legs up and put them on his shoulders, and he dove right into me, pushing all the way in with one stroke, and must have been super turned on, because he only pushed a few times before he announced his orgasm and came.

Another guy walked up, knelt down in front of John, started sucking his cock until it was hard, then asked him to fuck him the way he fucked me. John agreed and I rolled over to watch. The crowd was about 5 guys now, all stroking their cocks, watching as John started to really drive it deep into this guy.

Finally, one of our guests walked up, leaned over me, and started to give me one hell of a blowjob. Laying there, feeling all the cum drip out of my ass, this guy was working my cock like a professional. I quickly came, and he swallowed every drop, and smiled. I thanked him, he kissed me, and walked off back to his blanket. 

The crowd slowly dissipated and John and I laid together for a while, before he asked me if I'd like dinner. I said that would be nice, we packed our things, got dressed, and headed back to our cars. We agreed to meet at the Italian restaurant in town at 6:30 for dinner, and headed home to shower and change.

I was looking forward to dinner, and planning my dessert! 

What a day off! A true dream come true.