 Author's note: Story contains Male on Femboy, a femboy getting his butt fucked and of course a femboy sucking some male's cock. All characters are 18 or older. Also this story takes place in Phoenix Cinder's universe and I do have permission from the original author! Check out her profile on here. 

*****

Music blaring. 

Windows down. 

Wind through my hair. 

What a great day! 

Heading down the freeway, I'm on my way through Texas. I'm finally heading home from a long "business" trip. Too long. 

And when I say business trip, I mean something that's nobody's business. 

The Foo Fighters are playing, Best of You. The best part is I have the road to myself. Not another car in sight. Just me, this joint and good music. And some boy walking down the road. I take a good puff and blow smoke rings out the window. Oh wow! That boy looks good. I should pull over and see if he wants a ride! 

As I roll up beside him in my Audi, I get a better look at him. He's got on a red pair of shorts, showing off his hairless legs. A tight shirt that shows a rather feminine body. I turn the music off as I roll down the window. "Hey kid, need a ride?" 

The kid looks surprised. He looks around before finally meeting my gaze again and then he points at himself as if to ask if I mean him. His face is so adorable, especially with that head of raven black hair. "No, I'm talking to the flies, of course, I'm talking to you."

He meekly nods his head. "Well hop in then." 

I reach over and open the door for him and he nervously hops in. He's got the darkest brown eyes I've ever seen. His skin is a creamy caramel color. Almost too delicious. "So kid, what's your name?" 

"I... I'm Felipe," he stutters, his English is pretty good, I'm surprised. I can easily tell he just came over the border. 

"Well, Felipe I'm Draco. It's nice to meet you." I extend my hand. He looks at it for a couple of seconds before placing his soft tiny hand in mine. "So how old are you, Felipe?" 

He looks up at me as I give his hand a couple of shakes. His grip is rather non-existent. "I... I... I Just turned 18." 

No way! How did I get so lucky!? "You don't say? Well, what is a kid your age walking hiking out here all by yourself?" I ask him. 

He looks at me with those innocent eyes... I can tell without reading the dear boy's mind that he's trying to decide if he can trust me. The flustered look he has on his face is utterly adorable. 

"You can trust me, Felippe. I'm not going to hurt you, I promise." That's mostly the truth. I'm not going to hurt the boy. But my intentions aren't entirely pure. 

I see the gears are spinning in that developing brain of his. His thoughts are causing such tension in that lithesome body of his. So much conflict in the boy. I can practically see the battle that's going on in his mortal mind. 

"I... I'm..." He hesitates as if he still can't decide if he should tell me. 

"Let me guess, you're running from something." He nervously nods. 

"Are you not from here?" I ask. 

He shakes his head no. Just as I thought, he must have somehow crossed the border from Mexico. He's an illegal alien. Just perfect. 

"Where are your parents?" I ask. He tenses up at the mention of his parents. Suddenly tears fall from his eyes. I can only assume they didn't make it or worse. 

"Are they still in Mexico?" He shakes his head no only confirming the worse. 

"Did something happen to them?" He nods as more tears flood his eyes. 

"They're... They were killed..." The boy begins to cry in earnest. Poor thing. 

"I'm sorry to hear that. Everything's going to be alright from now on, you're with me." 

He looks up at me with those sweet eyes and tries his best to wipe away the tears.

"Do you have any other family?" He nods frantically. 

"I.. I have a twin sister..." He says. 

"Where's she?" I ask. 

"They took her! The bad guys took her."

"The men that killed your parents?" He nods in confirmation and more tears fill the boy's eyes. Hmmm. I see opportunity in the boy's tragedy. Hunt down the men that killed his parents, save his sister and I'll have a two of them. Plus I'll earn the boy's loyalty. A wicked smile appears on my face. I can only assume the girl is going to be used as a sex slave. Huhhh, cartels... Such awful humans... 

Who am I kidding... 

I'm planning on doing the same thing with this poor boy. Of course, mortals don't have any right to have slaves. They're no greater than the ants they crush under their boots. Besides, the boy will enjoy being mine, once he comes to terms with his place in life as mine. Of course, we should really break the notion of her being a boy right away. As soon as I get the girl into my home, I'll show the girl her new life. We're not far from my penthouse. Fuck... I'm so giddy with anticipation.

"They are horrible people..." He says looking out the window. He looks so delicious... I could practically... Come on Draco, keep control of yourself. 

"So, Felipe... Now what?" 

He looks up at me once more with those cute feminine eyes. I can feel the urges rise up in me. "I... I don't know."

"You don't know? That's not good. I take it, you didn't think things through, did you?" 

He shakes his head. He's all alone and no one's going to be looking for him, besides maybe the cartel. How did I get so lucky? 

I'm going to have so much fun with this little sissy. I can feel a devilish grin curl on my face. "Well, don't worry. I'll take care of you. Is that what you want? For me to take care of you?" 

"What.. what would that mean?" He asks timidly. He's rather cute when he's nervous. 

I give him a big smile. "Well... You'd come to stay with me. You'd have plenty of food to eat, clothes to wear and a bed to sleep in. Of course... if you don't mind, I would like it if you abide by some rules and of course, earn your keep."

"Rules?" he asks. The shocked look on the boy's face excites me. 

"Don't worry about those, we'll go over them once we get to my place." We finally arrive in Dallas and soon after we're pulling into my building. I open the door for the boy and hand the keys to the valet. 

"Mr. Kustova, welcome back," Rosemary says as we walk through the grand entrance of glass. The floor is all stone with two creeks flowing through to an indoor pond stocked with Koi fish. 

"Thanks, Rosemary. Make sure I'm not disturbed for the rest of the day." She nods. She's looking fine as always in her black business suit and fiery red hair with a face full of freckles. Maybe later I can have more fun with her. "You're looking lovely as always." Her face burns almost as bright as her hair. 

"Thank you, sir!" She squeals at the compliment. 

"Also if you could have someone bring up some clothes for Felippe here, I would greatly appreciate it. You know the kind I like." I'm going to have this sissy dressed up pretty by the end of the night. 

"Right away, sir!" she replies.

"Thank you, Rosemary."

I place my hand on the boy's shoulder and slide it down to the middle of his back as I usher him along to the elevators. I can feel him tremble at my touch. His face only barely makes it up to my chest, which kind of turns me on even more. 

Once inside the elevator, I command the voice recognition system to take us to the top floor and it recognizes me. I still find the technology these mortals create deeply interesting. To think they're cable of such feats amazes me. 

"Is... is this place yours?" The boy asks as he looks out the glass walls of the elevator at the view of the city. 

"Yes, it is all mine." My voice carries the weight of that statement. As we finally reach the top, the elevator doors open up to my penthouse. The boy's eyes go wide, struck with awe at the extravagance of the suite. Which is ironic to me. I find it rather lacking compared to the other places I own. 

With my hand still on the boys back, I lead him in. The floor is a dark grey marble which leads to a dark charcoal sofa in a rectangle shape that horseshoes around the entrance to the elevator. A white fur rug lays in the middle of the sofa. There are stairways that lead up to a loft on each side of the sofa. The stairs come out from the walls. It's opened up between the stairs and leads down to the dining room, which has a rather long rectangular table with 10 chairs around it. All of which are a deep charcoal grey color to match the theme of the room. A wall of windows wrap around the elevator and stops at each of the stairs, then continues on the other end. On each glass wall is a door that leads out to the balcony that wraps around the entire place. 

I escort the boy to the sofa and push him down as I take off my suit coat, then I pop a squat next to him. 

The look on his face is priceless. A mix of fear, awe, nervousness, and hint of sexual arousal. Just a small hint. 

I look him over as he nervously looks away. I gently grab his chin and pull it towards me. "Don't worry, you have nothing to fear from me," I assure him. At least, I'm not going to hurt him, but I do have other intentions for the boy. 

Just to test the waters, I pull the boy closer and bring my lips to his. I can feel his body tense up as I shove my tongue in his mouth. He doesn't back away or tries to push me off. He's just frozen. I can feel the fear seep off of him. So tasty!

My hand slides down to his neck and falls to his chest. It continues to travel down south until I reach the bottom of his shirt. Then I begin to tug it up over his head as I pull back from our kiss. "Listen, kid... I'll make a deal with you..." I say, finally breaking the silence. He shyly tries to cover up as my hand lands on his thigh, but he listens to me.

"I'll help you rescue your sister and exact revenge on the people responsible, in return... I want you... Mind, body and soul." The look on the boys face made my dick twitch. 

"What?!" He asks with such a startled look upon his beautiful face. 

"That's the deal, in exchange for saving your sister from such a horrible fate and killing those who are responsible you will belong to me." His eyes widen as he registers the words I spoke. 

"What... What would you do to me?" he timidly asks. 

"Oh don't be afraid. Honestly, it's not as bad as it sounds. Obviously, there's going to be a lot of sex, but like I said many times now, I have no intentions of hurting you. In fact, I bet you'll come to enjoy being mine," I assure him as my fingers caress his thigh. 

"How do I know you'll keep your promise?" he asks. 

"That's a good question. The fact that I'm even proposing the deal with you has to mean something. I could have just tied you up and had my way with you, but I'm not that kind of de... person." Almost slipped up there. This boy has me infatuated so much that I'm not thinking clearly. "Unlike my brothers and sisters, I don't take pleasure in others suffering. I prefer to see my lovers happy."

"Besides, a happy servant is a loyal servant. Loyalty is what I desire." Along with that tight little butt of yours. These dirty thoughts aren't helping. "You've been through a lot, the death of your parents, the lost of your sister. I'm offering you shelter, pleasure, food, the chance to save your sister and exact revenge on the people who did this to you. All you have to do is be with me."

"What will happen to my sister?" This boy is smarter than he looks. I'm impressed and that rarely ever happens on this planet. "Another good question, you're a bright boy. I promise no harm will come to your sister and once she is freed from the scum who took her, she is free to do as she pleases."

"Okay... If you free my sister and kill those monsters, I'll do it." His face is full of a delightful combination of fear and hope. 

"Awesome! Even though at first I'm sure you'll rethink this arrangement, eventually you'll come to love it. All that's left is the paperwork." I snap my fingers and a scroll burns into existence. I smile as the look on the boys face is mingled with shock, amazement, and above all else utter fear.

Why is fear such a powerful emotion? It always gets me excited. Makes me want to do terrible things to these mortals. It's like a drug to beings like me. If I wasn't trying to be good, I would've relished in it. 

The scroll unravels, revealing ancient demonic letters that say what I want them to say. That the boy will be mine for all of eternity and then some. I take his hand and bite into his thumb drawing blood. Pressing his bleeding thumb against the scroll, his fate is sealed.

"What... What are you!?" he asks with trepidation. 

"Well... I guess there's no point in hiding it anymore. You belong to me for all of eternity. Hahahaha." I can't help but give out the stereotypical demonic laugh. What's the point of being a demon if I can't have a little fun?

Standing up, I transform into a shadow of my true form. Horns, tail, wings, digitigrade clawed feet. Burning halo and all. "I'm one of 13 gods of the demon race!" Fear has completely taken over him. I can feel it seeth off of him, so tasty. But alas, filling the boy with fear isn't my intentions, I'd rather fill him with cum. 

In an instant, I'm back in my human form. Sleek black hair, neatly trimmed goatee, and stash, not an ounce fat and of course a rock hard cock. I may or may not have forgotten the clothes I wore. Who am I kidding, I did that on purpose. 

Standing naked before the boy, he is paralyzed with a melting pot of emotion. I can feel each and every one of them as if I was the who was feeling them. I don't even need to read his mind to tell he believes he's in way over his head. Poor thing. Scared, nervous, confused and slightly aroused. His eyes drop down to my cock. I can his thoughts fill up with my dick. I let myself collapse onto the corner of the couch, laying one leg towards the boy as the other remains planted on the floor. 

I beckon him to come here with my finger. He takes a big gulp, swallowing down his nerves. "Don't be afraid of me, Felipe, as I've stated over and over again, I have no intentions of hurting you," I reassure him. "Quite the contrary, I intend on making you experience orgasms so powerful, you'll be begging me for more."

The smile on my face said it all. I just want to fuck this boy until he passes out. "Now why don't you come over here and seal the deal. After that, I'll save your sister and kill the fucks that are responsible." 

His eyes go wide and I can see the conflict expressed on his face. He's uncertain whether he wants to. Part of him believes it's wrong. Society drilled it in him that homosexuality is taboo. But another part of him is curious. I can see the battle being waged inside his mind, it's really turning me on. Now's the moment of truth, submit to me and save his sister or... Is there really any other choice? 

He hesitantly stands up and starts to make his way over to me. "Hold on a sec, you've still got clothes on. Take them off." 

Fuck! The embarrassment on his face is priceless. His shyness is so sexy. So naive and innocent. Corrupting this boy is going to be so much fun. 

Reluctantly, he starts to unzip his shorts and tugs them down. Oh, look at this! He's got on a pair of whitey tighties. His caramel hairless legs look as if they're as smooth as silk. Look at the tiny tent pitched in those undies. So adorable. I want to see that butt of his. "Turn around and bend over as you take off your underwear." 

His face goes bright pink. Slowly he turns around. Oh fuck, that ass is absolutely gorgeous, wrapped in that tight pair of undies. I can tear my gaze away as he bends over and starts to pull them down revealing the tightest ass I've ever seen. Oh, good lord, all I can think about is stuffing it with my cock. Get ahold of yourself. Don't lose your nerve or you'll destroy the poor boy. 

I want to keep him in tip-top fuckable shape for as long as possible. He looks over his shoulder at me, still bent over. Finally, he stands up and turns around. That little cock of his swings like a pendulum as he moves. His little ball sac is so tiny, but it's so cute. "Now why don't you come over here and get on your knees. Taste my cock." 

Another gulp from the boy as his eyes fixates on my cock. Finally, he closes the gap and drops to his knees. I can't help but lick my lips as his tiny little fingers wrap around my gigantic cock. They can't even reach all the way around it. He looks up into my eyes. "I... I've never done this before," he says timidly.

"Done what?" I ask even though I know the answer. I just want to hear him say it. 

Once again he swallows his nerves. "Ss.. sucked a cock..."

"Ha, Of course, you haven't, which kind of surprises me no one else has taken you for themselves. A boy like you is hard to come by. But don't worry, you're in good hands. I'll take real good care of you. Now give my dick a lick. Just pretend it's a popsicle. A cock flavored popsicle."

He closes his eyes and sticks out his tongue. Feels like an eternity passes by the time his tongue closes the gap between my dick. Of course, being a demon time works differently for me. Seconds feel like days. 

Oh, fuck! His warm wet tongue sends a jolt of lightning through me as it touches the tip of my dick. His eyes open up as he realizes he just licked my dick. His face contorts as he contemplates whether he likes the taste or not. He gives it another lick and then another. It's obvious he's come to the conclusion that my dick tastes good. 

"Kiss the tip," I instruct. He does as ordered and puckers up his lips as he presses them against the head of my cock, giving it a nice kiss. "Now take the head of my cock in your mouth."

He looks up into my eyes, almost pleading. But he relents and opens his mouth as he takes my dick inside it. The look of this adorable little femboy with my cock in my mouth almost sends me over the edge. There's got to be something about this boy! Not many mortals can have such an effect on me as this boy does. 

I'll get to the bottom of it... After I bottom out in him of course. 

The boy's tongue swirls around the head of my cock, sending a wave of pleasure through me. Damn! This boy is a natural cocksucker!

He tries to take more of my cock in his mouth and gags as the tip of my dick hits the back of his throat. How adorable. Got to give him credit for trying. 

FUCK! He nearly pulled the jiz out of my balls as his cheeks collapse trying to suck it as if it were a bottle full of milk. I can't nut so soon! I haven't even got a chance at that butt of his. Oh shit! That feels incredible! His tongue going along the length of my cock is like having lava poured on me. Which feels so damn good, by the way!

Fuuuuck, A hot lava bath does sound goooooood! Shit! He just took one my balls in his mouth. This boy is amazing. Truly a treasure I need to protect. I'm not going to let anyone lay a finger on him, he's mine! 

How did I get so lucky to come across such a find? Hearing the pop as my nut falls from his mouth sends me into pure ecstasy. 

Once again, I feel his tongue on my dick as it slides back up to the head. "Are you sure you haven't done this before?" 

He looks up at me as he kisses the tip again. He shakes his head. "No, sir." 

Such manners, he is a definite keeper. It's hard to find someone who shows the proper respect a demon god like me deserves. Nothing pisses me off more than someone being disrespectful. 

I hear the sound of the elevator opening up. Ah... Rosemary steps in with two racks filled with the clothes I requested. The boy's head whips around to look. Instantly his face burns red as he fills up with humiliation. 

"No need to stop what you're doing, keep sucking little girl." Might as well start referring to him as such. 

He beams up at me. "I'm not a girl!" 

"You are whatever I want you to be, or did you forget... I own you. Now keep sucking. I'll forgive the lack of manners just this once since you lack the experience to know that disrespectful little shits get punished severely." 
