 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

4 weeks after chapter 1...

My head bobbed up and down on my fathers cock as I listened to my fathers moans, my loud gulping and masturbation of what I couldn't swallow gave him and ecstatic sensation, we had been doing this for a while now and always followed two rules: 1. It always has to be in a quiet area for obvious reasons 2. It always had to be in a dark area, he still had yet to overcome the guilt.

"OH FUCK" my father moaned shooting his cum into my mouth, I managed to swallow it all thanks to the experience i had accumulated in taming my gag reflex.

Our standard spot for our act of incest was a car park just up the road from where I lived that was almost permanently deserted, this meant the drive home was therefore quite short.

"See you next week son" my dad said as I got out of the car.

"Bye dad"

As I walked down the driveway, my mom headed towards my dads car, probably for an argument about property, the last thing I heard my mom say as I entered the house was startlingly prophetic.

"All your gonna do is fuck your son"

1 week later...

I sat on the sofa of my dad's flat (apartment) listening nervously as my mom and dad argued over the phone, I had unpleasant flashbacks to when they divorced and yet it was just the same now they'd split, without warning there was silence and what could have been a zipping sound, I felt nervous as I heard footsteps coming towards the living room when my father came round the corner.

"Oh daddy"

2 hours later 

Mom

UR L8R THAN USUAL IS IT BUSY?

I didn't hear my mother's text message as I straddled my fathers cock, he ran his hands up my body and grabbed my ass while I rode his cock, he pulled me against him and began kissing all over my chest and neck, my eyes rolled back into my head as I sighed in pleasure.

30 minutes later...

Mom

WHERE R U? RU ON THE WAY HOME?

The buzz from my phone was the last thing on my mind when my father shoved my back against the freezing cold window, the sensation of the cold window and my fathers hot cock pounding into me soon brought me to orgasm, I shot my cum upwards, onto my face and down my chest, safe to say my father came inside of me soon after.

20 minutes later...

I knelt down in front of my father as he fucked my face, the only sounds that could be heard were the sounds of his balls slapping my chin and the sloppy wet blowjob I was giving him, as my phone was ringing on the floor, I was getting showered with the cum my father was spraying onto me.

20 minutes later...

My phone buzzed on the floor idly sticking out of the pocket of my jeans, it would remain unattended to as my father fucked me over his office desk, We nearly broke the keyboard and monitor from the sheer force of our love making, my legs were on his toned shoulders while his dick entered his sons ass, the computer was finished with his explosive climax.

2 hours later...

MOM

GETTIN SRSLY WRIED NW WHERE R U?

I couldn't hear the text from the bedroom, I had my arms around my fathers neck as we shoved are tongues down each other's throats, I wrapped my legs around my fathers waist, trying to pull his cock into my ass as deeply as it could possibly go, we stared into each other's eyes as he filled me with his incestuous seed.

1 hour later...

MOM

BECAUSE ITS LATE IM GONNA SPEND THE 

NIGHT AT DADS 

SURE BUT WHERE HAVE U BEEN 

IT WAS REELY BZY SO WE DIDN EAT TIL L8

AAAH OK C U 2MRW THEN

C U 2MRW

Once I had finished the text I returned to bed and my fathers arms, we both looked at each other and shared a long tender kiss.

"Daddy, do you love me?"

"Of course I love you"

"I love you too daddy"

I crawled under the covers and curled up next to his dick, I took it in my hand and began to inspect it, it was thick and firm no less than 8 inches but could be bigger on closer inspection, i took his throbbing shaft in my mouth like a pacifier and drifted off to sleep, curled next to my father and now... lover.

***

Apologies if the sex scenes were a bit vague but I was trying to condense an evening of lovemaking into a steadily paced single chapter, now the relationship between the father and son has changed, future chapters will be much more focused.