 A receptionist sat at her desk in the run down front room of a bail bondsman in the worst part of town. She was doing her nails and worrying about her job. Work had been hectic lately because her boss, Jonathan, was out several grand to the wrong sort of people. Every "Failure To Appear" file that came in was immediately given to one of the bounty hunters that they worked with.

She looked around the dingy room and sighed. She was thinking about taking some time off until this whole thing blew over. Everyone was mad because Jonathan wasn't wanting to pay them up front and, of course, she was the one who had to talk to them about it. She had to tell everyone that they could pick up their checks later. It was not making her a popular person.

Just as she was considering telling Jonathan she wasn't feeling well and bailing for the day a black Mercedes pulled up outside. It was Trey- the toughest bounty hunter that they worked with. She buzzed Jonathan; "Trey's here."

"Tell him I'm not in." came back through the speaker.

Trey walked in, his entirely black ensemble clinging to his every line, and went straight to the desk. He sat down some paperwork on the FTA he had just brought in. "Jonathan isn't in, Trey." He gave her a dark look. "However, I didn't actually see him leave- you might check his office." He nodded and went past the desk to the cheap wood door in the back of the room.

Trey knocked once on the door. "Jonathan, I know you're in there, and I'm coming in. How much structural damage is done to your building is up to you."

There was a string of muffled expletives before Jonathan's face appeared. "Fine, Come in." Trey disappeared behind the door with her boss and the receptionist decided that was her cue to bow out.

Trey gave Jonathan a hard stare from across the desk and made it a point not to sit.

"Well, what do you want to talk about?" asked Jonathan as he sat, decided that put him at a disadvantage, and stood again. Trey said nothing; he just stared at Jonathan in a highly unamused manner. Jonathan let out a small cough, adjusted his shirt, and started looking for a pen on his desk. "Look, things are tight right now, I'll have to pay you later."

"I don't take I.O.U.'s." said Trey calmly.

"Well, you're just going have to make an exception because I'm not go-" Jonathan let out a surprised squeal as Trey slammed his fist into the desk.

"You're going to pay me something today, Jonathan, so I'd start thinking fast."

"Look, Trey, we've always worked well together... I'm just in a bad place with some people. My bitch of a wife got me in over my head and I just need some time- I would hate for this to ruin our professional relationship."

"Bullshit. You pay me now."

"I- I can't.. I can't give you any money, Trey."

"Then what do you propose to do?"

"Maybe we can..." Jonathan nervously ran his hand through his short brown hair and looked Trey up and down. "Come to some sort of arrangement."

Trey's only reaction was a slight frown. "I don't fuck dudes Jonathan- and if I did it certainly wouldn't be you."

Jonathan looked around desperately and let out a heavy sigh. "I'm good, Trey, real good." He walked around the desk and placed his hand on Trey's broad chest. "I'm worth it.." He barely came to the man's chin. He began to move his hand lower and when Trey made no move to stop him he slowly went to his knees.

Trey watched silently as for the first time in his life a man was undoing his belt and slowly un-zipping his military style pants. He reached out and stopped Jonathan's hand before it could pull out his cock. "This isn't going to cut it..."

Jonathan looked away, ashamed, "Come on, man, you can do whatever you want to me. But I have to pay these guys off... please."

"Why don't you just do this?" Trey's voice was harsh, sarcastic, and a pained expression crossed Jonathan's face. Trey actually felt sorry for him- and a little turned on. "Just... shut up and suck my dick." He closed his eyes and waited for his first homosexual experience.

Jonathan finished un-zipping Trey's pants and pushed them open. He was wearing black boxers that were semi-tented already. Jonathan felt his hand shaking as we went to pull Trey's cock from it's prison. He had been with men before, several times in fact, but he had never felt so much like a whore.

The cock in his hand was thick and growing longer by the second. He stroked it slowly, licking the tip, and massaged the balls with his other hand. He wanted Trey to enjoy this as much as possible so even as he watched it grow huge in his hand he knew he would have to take it all down his throat.

Trey was breathing heavy. It had been awhile since his cock had been inside anything other then his own hand and Jonathan's tongue felt amazing. When his cock actually disappeared deep into a hot throat he moaned and had to lean against the desk for support. He didn't think there was anyway he could last long like this.

Jonathan moaned around Trey's dick and slid his hand down to his own. He was so hard that his pants were hurting his junk. He pulled his own cock out and began to stroke it in time with his head bobbing up and down. Trey's hands gripped the sides of Jonathan's face and he let out a long guttural noise that was all man and whore or not Jonathan was incredibly turned on.

"I wanna fuck you." Jonathan looked up, in surprise, his mouth still full of cock. "Stand up. I'm gonna fuck you over this desk."

Jonathan did as he was told. He stood and Trey pushed him face-down on the desk. He gasped as his pants and underwear were jerked to the floor. Only seconds later he could feel the hardness of Trey against his opening.

"It's a good thing you got me nice and wet." and with that he began to push his way inside of Jonathan. "Oh man, you're tighter than any pussy..." He pushed all of his cock in and then rested flush up against his partner.

Jonathan was taking shallow ragged breaths, "You're... you're so.. huge..." Trey felt incredible inside of him. He felt uncomfortable, filled, he felt like he could feel every fold and vein on Trey's dick. "Move... please.. fuck me." When he did start to move Jonathan thought he had never really had sex with a man before- not like this.

"Harder! Fuck me harder!" Jonathan's knuckles were white as he gripped the edge of the desk. He could hear Trey grunting behind him. "God, cum inside of me, please!"

Trey's muscles were starting to tighten up and down his back. He gripped Jonathan's cock and began to stroke it fervently. He was pounding harder than ever. His fingers would leave bruises but he didn't care. He could feel Jonathan contracting around him and in a few quick thrusts he was done. "FUCK." he barked as his body went stiff.

Jonathan felt hot cum fill him in bursts and with a few more rough strokes he came as well. His semen splattered on the scarred desk and he collapsed in his own mess. Trey pulled out of him and sat in the chair behind the desk. Jonathan looked up at him, smiling easy in the haze of euphoria that is post-intercourse, "Well, does that at least cover a down payment, Trey?"

Trey shook his head and a small smile graced his lips. "Yes. In fact- I think I'll be needing payments on a regular basis from now on. Why don't I come over to your place tomorrow night?"