 "Will you at least turn out the lights?" I asked Mark.

He chuckled then reached over to the lamp beside the sofa and turned it off. 

"Is that better?" he asked.

The living room was darker, but the light in the kitchen was still on; we were now silhouettes sitting side-by-side, but I continued feeling self-conscious.

When I remained motionless he said, "You know, Johnny, you'll be doing this for me not only at night, but during the daytime, too. You better get accustomed to doing it in the light!"

"What do you mean?" I asked. "I thought it would be only once at night?"

"Apparently you didn't listen to what I said...when we made the bet I said you'd be doing it 'at least' once a night - not once a day...let me make this clear to you so you understand the rules...whenever my dick gets hard and I give you a call, you will hustle your sweet little ass over here and fulfill your obligation!"

Then he added: "Are you trying to welch on our bet? You agreed to the bet in good faith! I didn't figure you to be that kind of guy, Johnny!"

"I'm not a welcher," I protested. "Mark, you took me by surprise. When you suggested the bet I couldn't believe it. I had no idea you were gay!"

"Well then, why did you accept the bet?" he asked.

I hesitated then finally admitted, "I thought I would win...it never occurred to me I'd have to actually, you know..."

"Give me a handjob whenever I want one?" he said.

"Well, yeah..." I said sheepishly.

"Let me make this easier for you..." he said. "I haven't given you the loan yet to pay for your rent next week...that is contingent on how agreeable you are right now."

"It doesn't seem right though," I said softly. "You're just loaning me back the money I lost to you on those bets."

"Do you want the loan or not? You know, Johnny, I don't have to lend you any money!" he said sharply.

I paused a long time then finally said in a barely audible voice, "Yes, I want the loan. I have to pay rent."

"Well then..." he said. 

With that he took my hand and pressed it to the crotch of his cotton Dockers.

Oh my God, his dick was already hard! 

He moved my hand back and forth over the outline of his erection. The heat coming thru his slacks was incredible.

"Run your palm over it and use your fingers - squeeze it with your fingers!" he ordered me.

Ohhhh God...I knew there was no getting out of this...I had lost three bets to him then had to borrow back my own money. What in hell have I gotten myself into?

It took several seconds to realize he'd removed his hand from mine and I was stroking his hardness on my own. His cock was certainly longer than mine and thicker, too.

"Okay, good boy...now that you got your first feel of my cock, take it out of my slacks and jerk me off," he said.

I froze in place. Those were words I never expected to hear from another man.

"Johnny, you're making me mad...quit stalling - open my slacks and take out my cock!" he said forcefully.

I sighed then resigned myself to my fate.

My hands went to work on his belt. I opened it rather easily. So far so good. It was the damn hook that fastened his slacks I had a problem with. All I had to do was unfasten it but it was tight and my trembling fingers kept sliding off it.

Finally - success! I had his slacks open. Next came the zipper. I flinched when I took hold of the zipper tab and the palm of my hand accidentally pressed against his erection. Oh my God - the heat!

I had difficulty lowering the zipper. I used my right hand to hold the top of the slacks while my left hand slowly lowered the zipper.

For some reason, the sound of his zipper being lowered was the most obscene thing I'd ever heard, and to my total surprise, the sound excited me.

Okay, slacks open - zipper down. I reached for the waistband and tried to tug the slacks down his legs. 

For thirty-seconds I struggled with his slacks until I heard him chuckling and he raised his hips off the sofa and I was able to finally get his slacks to his knees like he'd instructed.

Okay, now his boxers were the only protection from me and his penis. 

My heart began a steady pounding. The moment of truth. I was about to expose a man's hard cock. I hooked my fingers into the waistband of his shorts, then paused and took a deep breath...thankfully, he lifted his hips and I didn't have long to work the boxers down to his slacks.

In the dim back-lighting, I saw his erection standing proudly upward.

"Cutie, you got me REALLY horny - you don't have to massage my balls tonight...go ahead and take hold of my cock and start jerking me off!" he said.

Hearing a man say that to me made me briefly wonder, is he talking to me? 

I moved my hand to within a couple inches of it then stopped. It felt as though I was about to touch a deadly substance like plutonium...suddenly my mind was shouting 'This is SO wrong'...'I can't do this'...and then the worst thought of all - I asked myself 'What if I like it'?

He put his arm around my shoulders and began stroking my back and neck.

"It's alright, cutie, you can do it...no one will ever know about this...what we do in private is strictly between you and me, okay?"

I swallowed hard then softly said, "Okay" then took hold of another man's cock for the first time in my life.

Oh my God, the heat; the texture; it amazed me how such a firm and rigid pole of flesh could feel so soft to the touch!

"Harder, cutie, hold it a little tighter! Oh yes, that's good...now move your hand...yes, good...no-no, slower - I'll let you know when to go fast!"

His cock fit nicely in my hand. I was able to get my fingers around it. I slowly moved my hand up-and-down as my heart raced and fluttered. I had to concentrate on breathing normally; there seemed to be a tendency for my breath to catch in my throat.

"Cutie, make it easy on yourself and smear the pre-cum on the palm of your hand," he said softly.

He made it sound like me doing this for him was the most natural thing in the world.

I did as I was told, and yes, the lubrication enabled my hand to glide up-and-down much more efficiently. When my hand began to dry, I stopped and coated it with his juices again.

I don't know how much time elapsed but my hand was beginning to get tired. It never takes me this long when I masturbate. 

"Oh Johnny, your hand feels wonderful..." he groaned. "Ohhhh-yes...keep going...yessss...go faster now...ohhhh-good boy!"

I found myself caught up in his excitement. I instinctively knew where he was at from all my years of jerking off. I moved my hand more rapidly up-and-down trying to make him cum - to get this humiliation over. 

He startled me when he shouted "FASTER-FASTER!"

My hand became a blur on his erection. It came alive in my hand - it swelled and pulsated. The suspense was overwhelming - I could barely breath.

"CATCH MY CUM IN YOUR HAND!" he suddenly shouted.

HUH? WHAT? NO WAY!!

His body became still for two-seconds; he arched his back then screamed, "YES-YES-YES-YES-YES-YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS..."

I don't know why, but I was slightly disappointed because in the darkness I couldn't see his ejaculations.

When his body came to rest he suddenly said, "Keep holding it until I tell you to let it go!"

With his deflating penis still in my hand he suddenly presented his hand to my mouth and said, "Lick my hand clean!"

Oh my God, he had caught his spunk in his hand!

"No, Mark, that was not part of our deal!" I firmly said.He immediately pressed his wet hand to my face and smeared my cheeks, chin, upper lip and even my forehead with his sperm and semen. I tried to push his hand away but he was too strong for me.

"Johnny, you are going to be jerking me off so much - in every room of this apartment - I don't want this place smelling like a whorehouse...you have two choices: either lick my hand clean or wear it on your face!"

His threat made me shiver. I knew he was serious.

Oh my God, what in hell have I gotten myself into? I asked myself one more time.

"Okay, you can release my cock now!" he said.

I had forgotten it was still in my hand.

Everything had happened so quickly that when I came to terms with the fact I was wearing a man's jizz on my face tears welled in my eyes. This was certainly the lowest point in my life!

Mark fixed his shorts and slacks in place. 

"Okay, that will be all for tonight," he said.

His abrupt dismissal of me made me feel cheap and used.

"W-What about the loan?" I stammered.

"You won't need the money for a few days...since you and I leave for work the same time each morning, I'll expect you here at eight o'clock, okay?"

My heart sank. I was completely helpless.

Grudgingly, I replied, "Okay."

He switched the light back on, looked at me and said, "When you masturbate tonight, and I know you will, I want you to fantasize about my cock!"

I was speechless. My glistening face burned red.

He pointed at my crotch and I looked down to the bulge in my slacks, and worse, a pre-cum stain the size of a silver dollar.

"Johnny, it's perfectly okay if you like playing with my cock...in fact, it will make it that much more fun for you!"

I stumbled out of the apartment in total defeat.

I checked the time on my cell phone and knocked on his door at exactly 8am.

Mark answered the door in his bathrobe. When I entered the apartment I noticed clothes on the sofa. Powder blue shirt, red tie, black slacks and yes, boxer shorts. I shivered knowing he was naked beneath the robe.

"Come over here," he said, and I followed him to the dining room table. 

My heart skipped a beat when he peeled off the robe and stood naked before me. He hung the robe over one of the chairs then turned until he facing a floor length mirror on a closet door.

It was then I saw he wasn't totally nude, no, he was wearing black socks. It looked so strange I would have laughed in any other situation.

"Stand next to me," he said, and I did.

"Here's what I want from you...you're going to reach around with your left-hand and start playing with my cock...it shouldn't take too long for you to get it hard...what are you waiting for? Neither of us has much time - get to it!" he said.

Oh my God. I moved slightly forward to get closer to it but he stopped me.

"No, no, your right-hand is going to fondle my balls from behind so give yourself enough room so you can reach both!" he said.

Huh? What?

"Reach around and begin stroking my cock! Yes, that's it, good boy...now run your right-hand down past the back of my ass and cup my balls!" he instructed.

I had to contort my body for both hands to do what he wanted. 

"Go ahead, play with my cock - get it good and hard..."

The position I was in I couldn't help but stare into the mirror at what I was doing. 

Oh my God, this is sooo dirty, I thought. 

My right-wrist was almost buried in the crack of his butt as I held his balls while I caressed his dangling penis with my left.

He put his left arm around me to help me keep my balance.

We were both staring into the mirror. I stroked and petted his penis while he had me massage his balls. 

Almost immediately, my own prick became semi-erect inside my briefs.

What the hell? I scolded myself. What is wrong with me?

"How was your orgasm last night?" he suddenly asked me.

I blushed a deep red. "W-What do you mean?"

"We're not playing a game here, boy...when I ask you a question you will give me an honest answer! You masturbated last night, correct?"

To avoid looking into his eyes in the mirror, I stared at his penis.

"Yes," I said softly.

"Yes, what? Speak in complete sentences!"

Oh my God. "Yes, I masturbated last night."

His penis was slowly rising.

"Did you fantasize about my hard cock while you were beating off?"

"NO, uh, no I thought about a girl I used to know."

"BULLSHIT!! Tell me the truth boy or I'll give you a spanking tonight!"

A spanking? What the hell!!

My heart sunk. Mark seemed to be able to read my mind.

"Okay - okay, yes, I thought about your cock when I masturbated..."

"Good boy..."

His cock was now fully engorged. "Since we don't have much time, stroke it quickly, and keep massaging my balls!"

My hand moved rapidly back-and-forth over his hot and throbbing cock. I couldn't believe how heavy his balls felt in my small hand. My own prick was stiff and pulsating and began leaking pre-cum. 

What the hell is wrong with me? How can I get this excited performing this degrading act? Am I queer or something?

"Good boy, keep going, I'm getting close!"

My head was spinning. If it hadn't been for Mark's strength, I would have fallen over.

All I could think of was the heat from his cock. I squeezed his erection harder and my hand moved faster-and-faster.

I was out of breath gasping for air. My hand was growing weary and tired. He suddenly moved closer to the mirror pulling me along with him.

"Keep going...yes-yes-yes-YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS..."

My eyes were drawn to his slit and I watched with mouth agape as he squirted three-four-five streams of viscous fluid which splashed against the mirror. It was fascinating.

"Quick boy, get on your knees and clean the mirror with your tongue!"

"Noooo, please, Mark!"

"If you don't, I'm not lending you any money for rent!"

The humiliation I suffered last night was nothing compared with how I felt as I sank to my knees and obeyed his outrageous command.

To make matters worse, he kept pointing out splotches of cum on the mirror I had missed.

When I was finished he patted my head and said, "Good boy."

I remained on my knees as he went to dress in the living room.

What have I done? How could I have sunken so low as to eat another man's cum?

"Johnny, get up - time to go to work!" he called out as though nothing unusual had just taken place.

My head was in such a daze I stumbled a bit when I rose to my feet.

When I entered the living room he smiled and pointed at my crotch. Sure enough, there was a large, wet stain on the front of my slacks.

"Johnny, a boy like you shouldn't wear light-colored pants. You still have time to go home and change...don't forget, you are to be here by six tonight...and I want you wearing those sexy little gym shorts you wear at the pool...do you understand me?"

When I didn't respond he said, "Do-you-understand-me?"

My head was so wrapped up with the forcefulness of his words I heard a meek voice say, "Yes, I understand you."

Then he did something out of character from the way he'd treated me since the night before. 

He said softly, "Johnny, give me a hug."

He had me so conditioned to obey him I went to him, and he immediately took me in his strong arms and pulled me close to him. I instinctively threw my arms around his broad back and fought back the tears that had formed in my eyes from this odd moment of tenderness.

His hand snaked down between us and jolts of electricity raced thru-out my entire body when his fingers found the bulge in my slacks, squeezed it, then rapidly stroked it.

I was so close to orgasm I tried to break his grip on me. I certainly didn't want to cum in my slacks, but his intention seemed for me to do just that. 

"Mark, no, please..." I pleaded with him.

"Shhhhh...let it happen..." he whispered.

"Ohhhhhhh, Mark..." I sighed.

My entire body convulsed and contorted as I filled my briefs with sperm and semen. I was so horrified and embarrassed I buried my face in his shirt.

He kissed my forehead and said, "Cutie, I like you - I like you a lot!"

He released me, opened the front door and said, "I think you like me as much as I like you...I hope you're looking forward to tonight - I know I am!"

He turned to leave then suddenly stopped, swiveled his head towards me and gazed directly in my eyes and added, "Johnny, as excited as you get when you play with my cock and balls, I have to ask, did you lose the bets on purpose so you'd have an excuse to feel my cock in your hand and jerk me off?" 

After having to go back to my apartment and, uh, clean myself and change briefs and slacks, I still managed to clock-in two-minutes before the start of my scheduled shift.

This was one of those rare days in the warehouse that I was grateful for my monotonous, routine job. I could almost perform the expected work in my sleep.

I certainly couldn't think about the tasks I was doing, no, my brain was wired with chaos and confusion. Everything I'd done with Mark played over-and-over in my head and it made me dizzy with confusion.

On the drive to work, several times I had to check my hands to make sure they were on the steering wheel because all I could feel were the impressions made by his cock and balls. 

Not only that, but I'd forgotten to use mouthwash to get rid of 'his taste' in my mouth. I still couldn't believe he made me lick the mirror clean. It had been the single most filthy and lewd moment of my life.

The most disturbing aspect though was his insistence we hug. Not the hug itself, but my puzzling response to it. 

I liked it. Being wrapped up in his strong arms pressed close to his sculpted chest, I'd never felt so safe and secure. I admit, when I threw my arms around him I clung to him more tightly than need be. 

It had been his tender actions and words that bothered me most of all.

"Johnny, give me a hug"...the gentle kiss on my forehead..."Johnny, I think you like me as much as I like you."..."I hope you're looking forward to tonight - I know I am!"

But the last question he'd asked reverberated thru my head.

"Did you lose the bets on purpose so you'd have an excuse to have sex with me?"

It was that question that gave me brain cramps all day. I mean, come on, what kind of guy does he think I am? 

Sure, of course I like him. Who wouldn't like him? His powerful, alpha-type male confidence and self-assurance is very attractive. 

Well, maybe 'attractive' is a strong word...would I say I was 'attracted' to him, no, I was 'drawn' to his self-confidence - most people are...his outgoing and positive personality are magnets that draw many people to want to be around him.

He isn't cocky and definitely not a braggart. He oozes a charm that makes everyone around him feel better about themselves; but for him to imply I had lost the bets intentionally, well, uh, that is simply preposterous! 

So then John, asked my logical, alter-ego, why were you as giddy as a school girl when he asked you to go to the bar with him last night? You acted as though he had asked you to the senior prom.

Don't be ridiculous! For one thing, we've only spoken casually a few times, and I had been a shy, tongue-tied dork desperately trying to think of something to say to him.

No, if anything, it surprised me he wanted me to go with him. He hangs out with the other 'A-Types' in the building; why would he choose me to go drinking and shoot pool with?

Well, duh...he did call you "Cutie" a few times, and didn't you hear him say "I want you wearing those sexy little gym shorts you wear at the pool?"

It's pretty obvious what he wants from you, and it's even more obvious you have a man-crush on him. 

Admit to yourself, John, that having his cock and balls in your hands was the most exciting thing you have done your whole life! 

I mean, cumming in your pants after a few tugs on your dick? Really? He's got you right where he wants you. Now it's up to you to figure out if you want a relationship with him and all that would mean. Your track record with girls isn't very impressive.

I'm shy, dammit...I have a difficult time talking with girls!

You're pathetic! You don't even try anymore. Face facts, John, you sit around the pool with your big sunglasses on watching everything Mark does when he is working out with the other guys. You don't think he hasn't noticed you? Why would he ask you out if he hadn't seen your interest in him? He is obviously interested in you!
