 This is a copyrighted work of fiction by the author seeker71. All rights reserved

Thank you to my beta readers. Deja it was incredibly kind of you to be my second pair of eyes on this. I have no editor, so as usual all mistakes are mine. I know the wait was insane, but for now life has returned to manageable chaos. I try to respond to all correspondence, save anonymous, but to everyone who reads and write my sincerest appreciation for your time. All comments are welcome. 

They lay entangled in one another, panting, from the force of their loving. Nic pulled his softening shaft from David eliciting a moan and an audible pop. He rolled and brought David to his chest, claiming his mouth in a searing kiss. 

"We should get cleaned up." He suggested his eyes feeling heavy.

"Yeah, we should," Dee responded, snuggling closer to him.

They both went to sleep, the want for anything, including words, sated and therefore gone. 

****

They slumbered for a few blissful moments, their bodies in the posture fashioned by lovers. Nicolao stirred and studied his sleeping beloved. They had made love in the light of day. Somehow to Nic that seemed more right. He clearly saw everything in his lover's eyes, every expression that crossed his face; nothing was left in the shadows. David had been hurt so much in life, but he still loved, he still trusted. Nicolao promised himself to always honor that gift. He was 'pinned' by David. His lithe torso was molded against Nic's side, his pale legs was slung across his own muscular brown thighs. He threaded his free hand in David's hair, simply enjoying the feel of the blond curls around his fingers. 

"Wake up Dee," he urged. When David didn't move, he leant down and bit his earlobe.

Nicolao laughed at David's yelp and subsequent scowl.

"I'm hungry," he announced.

"So you decided to eat me?"

"I'm going to heat up something to eat. You need to go soak before you get sore." Nic slid out of bed.

David buried his head further in his pillow. "I'm not sore, and I'm comfortable. I'm not getting out of bed."

Nic shrugged. "Alright."

David eyed him suspiciously as he pulled the covers back and crawled towards him. Nicolao's muscles rippled as he slowly crept forward. A more stunning predator did not exist in David's estimation. And by God he was elated to be his prey.

Nic hovered over him and captured his lips in a crushing kiss. David moaned as Nic suckled on his lower lip, and as his body began to respond he moved to pull the larger man's body flush against his. He let out a gasp when Nic stood up. 

"I don't think you can say you're comfortable." He smiled; looking down at David's hardened shaft. "So how about getting up and soaking, while I make lunch. If you want I'll bring you your food while you're in there."

"What, eat in the tub?" David grudgingly got out of bed. 

Nic laughed, "If you haven't noticed, we can do pretty much whatever we want." He steered David to the bathroom.

"You know what I meant." 

"Yes, I do. It's a bit hedonistic, but who cares?" He sat on the edge of the tub, and turned on the water.

David considered it. "I'll eat after I'm done."

Nic adjusted the water while David waited patiently for him to finish fiddling with the bath, noting the brown eyes remained rapacious whenever they landed on him. 

When he rose, he pulled David flush against his rapidly filling length. Nicolao devoured his lips and his hands roamed down his back until they covered the mounds of his ass.

"¿Sabe cómo tu irresistible que eres?"

Nic's voice rumbled from his chest traveling through David; the familiar vibration sent more blood to his cock. 

"Are you clenching your ass trying to keep me inside of you?" 

David could only whimper and nod his head in the affirmative, both embarrassed and aroused. 

"... me consume... me estoy ahogando en que...," Nicolao licked and nipped his way down the front of the younger man's body. He maneuvered David's back against the wall as he tasted luscious alabaster skin. 

Nic dropped to his knees, his face inches away from his goal. Though they had coupled, he was not quite ready to be away from David yet. Dee's muscles quivered with every touch as he lost himself in the haze of pleasure in Nic's ministrations. His large hand easily encircled the fully erect penis; he ran his tongue along the slit, then along the mushroom shaped glans, tasting the freshly formed drops as well as the dried issue from earlier. 

David's moans and squeaks filled his ears, "Please, babe, please." He made out between ragged breaths. Nic took all of him in his mouth, pulling back slowly, hollowing his cheeks as he did. He felt David's knees buckle and without breaking contact he placed his legs over his shoulders and palmed his buttocks. 

David knotted his hands in Nic's hair teetering on the edge of his orgasm. One of Nicolao's long fingers entered his tender hole and he came with a long keening scream.

Nicolao swallowed the offering and waited for him to come back to him. David had pitched himself forward and his upper body was thrown over Nic's head. He pulled himself upright, still lost in an erotic fog. 

Nic placed his feet on the ground and stood up; his body pressed against Dee's making certain he would not fall. It had only taken a few minutes, and the feel of his fingers in the slick covered channel was amazing. But David had tensed with the introduction of the digit, confirming that what he really wanted to do was out of the question. 

David leaned in his chest and peered up at the handsome face, "I'm irresistible?"

Nic chuckled, "As if you don't know. Now, in the tub."

Nicolao cleaned himself in the sink as David luxuriated in the bath. He dressed and busied himself warming up their leftovers. It was only midday but he knew he would have to return to work and deal with Jeremy. Dee's notion of talking to the man was admirable but he doubted it was realistic. Saint had warned him, calling him dangerous; in fact she implied he was very dangerous. He decided he needed to speak with her and find out if her warning was based on more than a sixth sense.

Satisfied the food was edible he turned the pots down and waited for David. He mused only months ago he would have said how much he liked the solitude of his life. Eating alone, sleeping alone, beholden to no one to account for his comings and goings. He would have professed happiness. But of course he had no idea what he was missing. His David. As if his thoughts summoned him, David walked out of their bedroom. He only had on pajama bottoms that hung low on his slender hips.

The large man gazed appreciatively at how well his lover's body was filling out. The needed weight was being sculpted by their workouts. David's body was so tight and welcoming; Nic was flooded with the memory of being inside of him and the growing urgency to feel that again. 

David exited the kitchen with two bowls of soup only to be arrested by the liquid fire of Nicolao's eyes. The burning brown flame scorched his flesh as Nic made no effort to hide his avid craving. 

"You need help?" Nic asked not altering his gaze.

"What? No, I've got it." He was the object of abject love and desire; it would take a while for the knowledge of it not to bewilder him. David shook his head and made the short journey to the table. 

He placed the bowls down and seated himself, dropping his head, unable to meet the other's gaze. Nic grabbed his hand.

"Sorry, I'm like a man in the desert that found something to quench my thirst. I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable my Lilly of the Valley," Nicolao offered.

David shook his head and turned a brighter shade of crimson as he met Nic's eyes. "Babe, I wasn't uncomfortable. I was probably thinking about the same thing as you the entire time I was in the bathroom. I was more, startled. Hard to stay rooted in this reality." He paused and took a mouthful of soup.

They ate. Then Nic removed the bowls and brought in two plates. David wished he could express himself the way Nicolao so easily did.

"My life before you has only been filled with the loss of things I had only clues existed, and now it's... full." David shook his head helplessly and smiled. "That's not what I want to say. I guess I'm like Pop, I don't know the language for all the things I want to say."

"No worries, we'll make our own over time. Plus I think I understand you perfectly," Nic assured him as he watched David eat; he still took joy in seeing him ingest food.

"Really? Because I don't always understand you and I really don't follow Ma. Does she think your sister is possessed?" David asked, suddenly recalling the odd assertion Hilaria made.

Nic ran his hands through his black hair. "Yes and no. I keep telling you, Ma is peculiar. Well, a part of that is her belief in spirits. It actually got us kicked out of the church. But it isn't like what you may be thinking. Ma is "Qom' pi", a member of the people. Or what others call Toba Indians."

David nodded. 

"Grandfather was a Spanish ethnologist, an anthropologist, and her mother Ánote was Qom. Ma lived with the tribe until she was seven years old, till Ánote died. Grandfather Blas took Ma back home to Spain and left her there with his mother and father. I can't say I understand what he was thinking. He left her alone in a new country with people who referred to her as their savage to tame, su salvaje para domar. She was genuinely unhappy there. She never connected with anyone, except for the moment she saw Pops, but that's another story.

She hated Catholicism, and they called her beliefs ignorant, which made her hold on to what she remembered all the more. Qom believe that spirits enter a person and cause illness, or death. Ma took that and went a step further. She decided spirits enter people as gifts or guides. No matter what the spirit is, it's there for a reason and should be understood. She pegged me as a warrior, Nate a pathfinder, Narisco a shaman, Nieves a seeker and Nerina a hungry ghost."

David's mouth formed an O in silent understanding. 

"I told you, peculiar."

"Maybe I don't know enough about religion, but it fits. That got you all kicked out of the Catholic Church?"

"More like it was suggested we may not want to continue going." Nic smiled. "Could you imagine me having to attend parochial school?"

"But you pray all of the time."

"Faith has little to do with church, love. The divine for me is in the most human of things." The heat had never left Nic's eyes and the flame seemed to flare with that statement. 

"You Evangelistas are extraordinary."

Nic smiled, glad he hadn't said insane.

"Now why do you call me your Lilly of the Valley?"

"It's my way of saying you are my happiness. I can stop if you like."

"Don't. I love the way you talk to me," he cocked his head to the side, "the way you look at me, the way you touch me, the way you feel when I touch you." David slid his hand up Nic's thigh.

His fork clanged on the plate as blood rushed to his lower pleasure seeker. "Lunch is over," Nicolao declared.

David withdrew his hand. "No, I'm really hungry." He took another bite of food.

"Dee!"

He winked, "Now you know how I felt when you left me in the bed!"

Nic sputtered, "But before your bath-"

Blue eyes mirrored Nic's fevered gaze of earlier. "You left before I could touch you; I need my turn."

Nicolao ran his fingers through his hair. "Understood." 

He watched as David continued to eat, debating his response. Bending him over the table until both of them were spent was a natural inclination; that should not happen with Dee. An image of him, helpless in a bar storage room, popped unbidden into his head, dispelling any thoughts of ratcheting up their play. It had taken months to get this far.

"Did you ever find out what the Eglantine Rose meant?" 

David stared blankly at him, wondering where that had come from. "Yeah, I cheated. Pops told me. It means wounds healing."

"Ever since I found out there were so many ways to express--" Nic was interrupted by a song playing and the unmistakable buzz of a phone on the end table. 

"That's Averie," David explained as he made his way to the phone.

"Hello."

"Are you back?" Averie's voice was a low whisper.

"Yeah we're back. Rie, why are you whispering?"

"Oh... no reason, just wanted to know if you were home. I gotta go." As her words rushed through the end of the phone he clearly heard Breezy bellowing in the background.

"I know you didn't call them when I told you not to. Give me that phone!" 

There was some rustling and Breezy's voice not much lower in his ear. "Hey Davey, sorry about that. The kids wondered why you didn't text them to let them know you were alright."

"Us. You were worried too!" Averie protested.

"Little girl, don't make me lay hands on you. Go to your room."

David chuckled, imagining Averie's petulant face at Saint's empty threat. Nicolao began clearing the table.

"Sorry again." Breezy offered.

"It's okay. I'm sorry for worrying you. It's been an eventful few days."

"Is everything alright?" The sudden unease in her tone was evident.

"Yeah, everything is great. Nic's family is everything you said they'd be. They gave him a car."

"Us a car," Nicolao corrected, wrapping his arms around him from behind. 

"Well hell!" Breezy declared. "Go outside and send a pic. I do like shiny, chromy things."

"Alright, I'll send it right away. Here's Nic. I need shoes and a shirt." He slipped out of his arms as she declared him to be scandalous. 

"Hello Saint."

"Evangelista, congrats on clearing that hurdle."

"Thanks. I have some questions for you."

"Oh just drive to work and we'll work on the parking pass. Bring proof--"

Nic admired how quickly her mind worked. "No, not that. Can you pick me up in the morning?"

"Sure." 

He loved her for not asking questions. "Thank you Saint."

"See you in the morning and tell Davey I am waiting on the pictures."

After the obligatory pictures to the St. James', Nic had David crank the car and move it in and out of the driveway, urging him to get a feel for the vehicle. Every misstep caused him to declare he wasn't ready to be behind the wheel, while Nicolao soothed him. Hours later David went online, reading about the rules of the road.

"Don't fret over it Dee." He was adorable with his brow furrowed in concentration and glasses resting on the bridge of his nose.

"Yeah, but that's over 5000 pounds. If I cause and accident or something I could kill someone. Or just mess up the car. It's expensive! I looked it up. Restored Impalas sell for twenty to fifty thousand dollars."

"Fifty thousand if it was restored to stock set up. It's custom, plus purists hate what Nate's doing. But yes, the car is more than a couple thousand dollars but you aren't planning on wrecking it are you?" Nicolao pulled him off of the stool and away from the counter. "You're brooding over a car. I can give it back or you don't have to drive till you're ready." He held both of David's slender wrists. "Time for a distraction; television or chess?" 

"Movie, but you pick," David answered as they went to the couch. 

David sat with Nic's arm on his shoulder barely taking in the story unfolding before him. It looked like a great flick, but he didn't want to watch a movie, play games , or study. He slid onto the floor, on his knees between Nicolao's long legs. Without a word he leant forward and began pulling on his waistband. The pants slid off easily as Nic lifted his hips. David sat back on his heels and let his eyes wander.

He had seen Nicolao's body many times, but was mesmerized by the physique that was the result of sculpting and genetics. David discovered he could study the long thin feet and see the beauty in them; even if the second toe was the same length as his big toe. He silently scrutinized every part of him.

"Dee?"Nic asked after minutes passed. 

David shrugged, "I found a distraction I like." He surged upwards grabbing the edge of Nic's t-shirt and removing it. He ran his tongue and hands along the newly exposed skin.

Nic fought to remove his shirt. Taking the hint, David stood, stripping as swiftly as he could. He placed his glasses on the end table then uttered, "Oh." He ran into the bedroom, reappearing with a bottle of oil. 

"You shaved?" Nic's voice was heavy with desire.

David had shaven his pubic hair in the bath while he was cleaning himself. "When hair gets caught in your throat it kinda sounds like a cat. Do you like it?" 

Nic stared at the displayed skin and the unyielding flesh extending from it. "Yes, why don't you run around the couch a few times? I think you stumbled onto a dream I had."

"Mine first," David quipped and lowered himself onto his lover's lap. He allowed his hands to roam as he kissed Nicolao. Seated he was not limited by his height and could touch all parts him freely. 

Nic acquiesced until his own avidity engulfed him. One strong arm wrapped around the slighter body, and with the other hand, he reached between them and lifted his engorged flesh upwards, aligning their tumid shafts. His long fingers held them together and Dee, enflamed, sought to stoke the blaze, undulating his hips. Nicolao shuddered and began stroking and petting them further into searing bliss. With the hand on his neck he pulled David into him and consumed his mouth until he felt Dee pull back.

"No," was said against his lips.

Nic didn't move. David was in his lap with his forehead pressed to his. The word uttered, from the pink, kiss-swollen mouth against his own lips.

"I want you inside of me Nic." David's eyes appeared black, reflecting his need.

"Love, you're sore. It will hurt."

David groaned in frustration, "Nic I'm not that sore. It's all I've thought about all day. You said you trust me. Trust me. I'm fine."

Nicolao moved his lips over his in a ghost of a kiss. "Glad to know I wasn't the only one."

Dee stretched and retrieved the oil from the couch cushion. He covered Nic's shaft with the slick lubricant. Nic's expression was unreadable as he held himself still while David lowered onto the tip of his stiff cock. He made no move to guide him, wary of conjuring dark shades twisted by his past. 

David's eyes grew large as he felt the thick head make contact with the sensitive nerve endings of his entrance. He lowered himself further, willing his muscles to settle back and savor the incomparable feeling of being breeched. The sybaritic delight tinged with the pain of their union was so intoxicating he felt he would tip over. 

"I don't want to come yet," he panted, stopping his descent.

Nicolao tightened his hold on his waist and his other hand gripped the back of his neck. 

"Why don't you want to come?" Nic eased David down, centimeter by centimeter pressing into his channel. 

David spasmed as a wave of ecstasy rolled through him; his mind numbly processed that he hadn't ejaculated and Nic was questioning him. 

"Why don't you want to come? Don't you want to come for me love?"

"No... yes, too soon." He could barely form coherent thoughts, how the hell was he supposed to talk? He steadied himself on his knees and began to meet Nicolao's steady upward thrusts, to his glee causing the big man to hiss and throw his head back.

"Nunca es demasiado pronto, but always for me... when you come, you come for me," Nicolao brought his head forward, the liquid orbs lust ridden; the tightly held reigns of his control slipping with every reunification of their flesh. "If you come I will make you come again and again, una y otra vez, mi amor." Nic guided David's face to his own and sought to claim his mouth. He was buried deep inside of him as they kissed, inching in and out of the depths of his love.

David pushed back against the hand on his neck. "More."
