 The English department building after hours was a spooky place. The lights were on in all the hallways but in none of the classrooms, and nary a soul was in sight. I'd always seen it bustling with slack-jawed students and harassed graduate assistants hurrying from class to class, so being here at 8pm on a Friday night was more than a little surreal. 

I had an appointment with Dr. Leo Blumenthal to go over my outline of a paper on a deconstructionist reading of Thomas Mann's "The Magic Mountain". At least, that was the official reason; I didn't really give a shit about the outline, I knew it was good. I had a massive, embarrassing schoolboy crush on Dr. Blumenthal and found myself using any excuse, however flimsy, to stop by his office.

He was a tall - well over six feet - lean, wolfish man of 40 or so; he had a long, narrow face with high, hollow cheekbones, a wide, full-lipped mouth and large, very black eyes. His black hair was cropped quite short, he wore trendy black-framed glasses, and he always dressed very well, favoring skinny jeans that made his legs look miles long and well-cut blazers that highlighted his broad shoulders. 

He had a throaty, warbling sort of voice, with hints of a foreign accent now and again - he was born in Israel - and it was how he talked about literature that turned me on the most. Every day in class, I saw him going into the zone - he became animated by his intelligence and his passion for the material. 

A Friday night was an odd time to see a professor, but Dr. Blumenthal had been at a conference in Boston since Wednesday, and getting back into the city this evening, he told me he would be at his office catching up with some work.

I made my way up to the third floor, where his office was. All the other offices and classrooms were in darkness; I was just about to knock on his door and come in when I noticed the door was slightly ajar, and there were voices drifting out.

"...you're kidding?" said a woman. I recognized Jane, the chatty, friendly English department secretary. She was a big, colorful woman, a bit of a hippie; I liked her very much and I enjoyed flirting with her whenever I needed anything from the English department office.

"I know, but it's been almost two years." This was Dr. Blumenthal.

"But, honey, a handsome guy like you..." Jane began.

"It took me a long time to get over Michael," said Dr. Blumenthal. "And ever since then... I don't know, you get so busy and it's hard to meet someone my age who's not already in a relationship. And if they're single, it's usually with good reason."

"Then find a younger guy!" Jane said.

Dr. Blumenthal laughed. 

"No, I'm serious. With looks like yours, you could find a younger guy any time. Honey, we have got to get you a man."

"You're very sweet, Jane," Dr. Blumenthal said very wearily. "But I'm expecting a student anytime, so I'm going to have to kick you out." 

"Alright, well - remember what I said! You need to get laid, honey, it's not healthy to go for that long without it." I sprinted to hide behind a corner, then walked back towards the office, meeting Jane as she was leaving his office.

"Hello, young Nick," Jane said. "Are you going to see Leo, by any chance?"

"As a matter of fact I am, young Jane," I said, smiling.

"Ah." She smiled quizzically, then walked off, leaving behind only a waft of her breezy patchouli scent.

I walked to Dr. Blumenthal's office and tapped on his door, thinking over the conversation I had overheard.

"Nicholas! Come in," he smiled when he saw me. "How are you?"

"I'm good," I said, sitting down. "How are you?"

He took off his glasses and rubbed his temple. "Very tired. The conference was such a bore."

"I could come back another time, if you're tired. You look like you need some rest," I said.

"No, no, it's all right; let's go over this outline."

We went over it for a few minutes, but I could tell he had a difficult time staying focused. He kept rubbing his eyes and yawning. 

"Dr. Blumenthal," I said. "It's really not that urgent, we can do this next week."

"Oh, call me Leo," he said. "I can't get used to this 'Doctor' thing. And I'm sorry, Nick, I'm just so tired."

"It's totally okay," I assured him. "I'll stop by your office hours on Monday?" I got up to leave.

"No! Don't go yet. We can get this done." He looked at me, earnestly, and I sat back down. 

Leo massaged the back of his neck, throwing his head backwards, showing his perfect jaw line and prominent Adam's apple. I wanted nothing more than to feel the stubble of his five o'clock shadow against my cheek. Remembering his conversation with Jane, and that imploring look in his eyes when I was about to leave, I decided to go for it.

"May I?" I said, getting up and walking around his desk, behind his chair. "I'm pretty good at this."

"Nicholas, I don't think this is quite... appropriate..." he said, but I had already began kneading the skin on the back of his neck. Just touching the nape of his neck was electrifying. His skin was smooth and warm under my touch, softer than I had imagined. I felt him tense, then relax, and sigh deeply. 

"There's nobody here, Dr... Leo. Just relax."

"This is... quite good, Nicholas..." he said, sighing deeply again.

I kept massaging his neck for a few minutes, and then decided to take the plunge.

"You know, there's more I could to help you relax..." I said.

"What?!" Leo swung around in his chair, looking at me. "What do you mean?"

"I heard you talking to Jane..." I began.

"Nicholas!" Leo's pale faced turned a deep shade of red. "This is completely inappropriate! I'm very... flattered..." he stuttered, "but I could lose my job and you could be expelled! It's completely unethical!" 

I paid no attention to this, and took advantage of the fact that he swung his chair around to face me, and knelt down in front of him, gently spreading his long, thin legs in their dark skinny jeans open. 

"Nicholas!" Leo said, a little louder this time, but didn't move.

"There's nobody here, Leo," I said, unbuckling his belt. "Just relax. It's been a long day. A very long day."

I rubbed the soft cotton of his boxer shorts, then reached inside. I felt his semi-hard cock, already thick and long, and jerked it a few times. It sprang to life readily - he wasn't lying about the two years. I couldn't believe that, after months of fantasizing about him, I was actually holding Dr. Blumenthal's cock in my hand, that I would suck it, that he would - hopefully - fuck me. Just the feeling of his cock, so thick and warm in my hand, was enough to get me rock hard, and my erection strained painfully against my jeans.

"Nicholas... Nick, this is completely wrong..." he said.

"You're right," I said, getting up. He looked up at me and couldn't keep the disappointment off his face - I grinned unabashedly.

I went to the door of his office, locked it, and pulled down the shade on his little glass window, then walked back to him.

"There, that's better." I knelt again, and pulled his dick out of his boxers.

It was a big, beautiful cock, cut and long, with several thick veins running down the shaft and a gorgeous brown head. I ran my tongue from the base to the head, then back down again.

Leo inhaled sharply. 

Slowly, I jerked him off, moving my hand up and down the shaft with his foreskin; I spat on it for lubrication. I looked up; he had thrown his head back, and through his half-closed eyes, he looked at me with so much lust. He opened his mouth, sighing, and ran his tongue on his lips. My cock twitched.

I grabbed his cock at the base, his soft, bushy black pubes brushing against my hand, and slowly swallowed the head. I swirled my tongue around, teasing his piss slit, while gently jerking the shaft. Going up and down, I started taking his cock in deeper and deeper, deeper and deeper, until his head was touching the back of my throat and Leo was panting.

"Oh my god, Nicholas... Nick..." He reached down and ran his hand through my hair, which sent hot tingling pulsating all the way down my spine.

I stopped blowing him, and looked up.

"Do you like that... Dr. Blumenthal?" I asked, grinning.

"Goddamn it, Nick, what do you think?" Leo said, smiling back. "Don't stop."

"But, Dr. Blumenthal, it's completely unethical," I said.

Leo frowned. "Maybe we shouldn't be doing this..."

I dove back onto his cock, swallowing it as far as it would go, and fondling his low-hanging, hairy balls while I was at it. 

I sucked his cock, lazily pumping my head up and down, tickling his balls, running one hand up his hairy, rock-hard stomach, running it under his shirt. 

He couldn't take his eyes off me blowing him, and so I never let our eye contact break; he undid his tie and unbuttoned his crisp blue shirt all the while looking intently into my eyes. I saw his lean, muscular torso, every inch covered with thick, furry black hair. I ran my hand up his chest, stroking and pulling at his hair, playing with his nipples. 

He began moaning, and started bucking his hips, fucking my mouth. I jerked my head up, his cock slipping out.

"Oh, no, you don't," I said, giving his dick a few jerks. "I want this in my ass before you come."

I got up, and stripped before him. I purposely took my time pulling off my t-shirt, flexing the hard muscles of my chest, then slipped off my jeans and briefs. My cock bounced out, flopping against my stomach.

"Oh God, Nick," Leo sighed. "You're too young for me." 

"Bullshit," I said. I bent down over his desk, sticking out my ass. "I need you to fuck my ass... Dr. Blumenthal."

"Wait," Leo said. "Let me suck your cock first. I haven't sucked cock in two years." He grinned a little sheepishly.

I pushed some books and notebooks off his desk, and sat down on it. Leo got up from his chair - I grabbed him by his blazer, and kissed him hard. Our tongues intertwined - he tasted like cigarettes and coffee and man. He kissed me back hungrily, his hands wandering over my shoulders, my back, my ass. I pulled his blazer and shirt off him and they fell limply to the floor.

My gorgeous European Lit professor stood before me, stripped from the waist up, every muscle in his lean, hairy torso tensing and relaxing with lust, his jeans unbuttoned and his giant cock sticking out. I leaned forward, kissing his neck, and grabbing his ass. We grinded our hips together while I made my way down, kissing his shoulder.

"Oh fuck," he moaned. He ran his fingers through my thick blond hair, kissed my temple, then gently bit my ear.

"Oh my god, professor..." 

"Let me suck your cock, Nick. I need it," he said. It was not exactly the most unpleasant suggestion that was ever put to me.

He knelt down, rubbing my thighs, with his hands, looking up at me. I rested my palms against the desk and looked down on him. Here he was, looking at me with so much lust, about to suck my cock. It was enough to make me come, and for a moment I was scared I would, but I took a few deep breaths and calmed down.

He first touched my cock with astonishing gentleness, as if it was fragile and breakable. He pulled the foreskin back, and then he leaned in and kissed the tip, running his tongue around the head. The softness of his tongue made me pant, and I threw my head back, my whole body pulsating with warmth and pleasure. I felt his warm mouth engulfing more of my cock, inch by inch, slowly. He gagged a little and had to stop for a moment.

"Sorry," he laughed, a little self-consciously. "I'm a little rusty."

I laughed back. "Go slow. This isn't a test." 

For some reason, this struck as both as hilarious, and we laughed for a good minute or two, but then Leo dove back, working my shaft up and down. The feeling of my cock in his hot, soft, wet mouth was incredible. 

Once again, I felt myself dangerously close to coming, and had to motion Leo to stop.

"I need you to fuck me," I said, turning around. I put one knee on the desk, spread my legs a little, and leaned forward, sticking out my ass.

I heard him say "Nick, I don't know if we should..." 

"Fuck me! NOW!" I hissed, reaching around and spreading my cheeks for him. "Fuck my ass, Doctor Blumenthal. There are condoms in my bag." He walked over and took one out.

I felt his broad, callused hands stroking my ass, then heard him spit a few times. After a moment or two, I felt something round and warm pushing against my asshole. 

Leo grabbed me by the hips, and begin fucking me slowly, only a few inches in at first, gently swaying his hips. Just the feeling of his warm hands on my hips was enough to shoot electric currents through my body, and feeling his cock filling me was enough to make me moan in pleasure. 

"Deeper," I panted. 

"Nick, are you sure?"

"I can take it, Leo, fuck me harder!" I commandeered. 

He obeyed, pushing his cock deeper and deeper into me. After a few thrusts, I felt his balls slapping against my ass, and I leaned forward. It was probably the biggest cock I had ever taken up my ass, and at first there was quite a bit of pain; I bit my lip, and felt a few years in the corners of my eyes. As Leo's fucking became rhythmical, however, I felt the pain ease to give way to an incredible pleasure; every inch of his big dick was filling me, every thrust into me made my body sing out with ecstasy. 

Leo leaned forward, and I heard his hot breath on my back; he leaned in and started kissing the back of my neck, nibbling on the skin a little. He let go of my hips, and grabbed my pecs, tweaking my nipples. The desk began rattling as his hips hammered into me faster and faster. A cup full of pens fell onto the floor, scattering its contents. 

Leo was biting the skin on my neck quite hard; with one hand, he played with my nipple, and he with the other, he started jerking my cock. He fucked me harder and harder, his cock filling me, his hand on my cock, on my nipple, on my cock, in my ass... I felt my whole body turn to hot, sweet, rapidly flowing liquid, and as I threw my head back, crying out, I came all over a stack of freshman comp term papers.

The orgasm was so intense it left me panting for a good minute or two, while Leo's fucking gradually slowed down to only a gentle sway. I turned my neck around to face him.

"I want to taste your cum, Dr. Blumenthal," I said, staring into his eyes. He slipped his cock out, and pulled off the condom, sinking back into his chair. I jumped off the desk and knelt at his feet, staring into his eyes. I grabbed hold of his lean, hairy thighs and swallowed his cock. I sucked it for maybe a minute before he started panting.

"Oh my god, Nick, oh my god..." I jerked his cock a few times, and he made deep, throaty growling sounds as the first jet of hot white jizz hit me in the eye. The next one hit my cheek, then my chin, and then finally into my mouth. His thick cum dribbled onto my chest, and I scooped it up and licked my fingers clean.

"Dear god," he moaned. His hairy chest, glistening with sweat, rose and fell rapidly to the rhythm of his panting, which gradually slowed down. He ran one hand through his hair, then wiped the sweat from his brow. I remained sitting on my haunches at his feet, covered in his jizz. I stroked his knee gently, and he covered my hand with his.

"Nick, that was incredible - thank you..." he said, then broke off, awkwardly. 

I leaned in, and kissed him. Unfortunately, we were then startled by the off-key humming of a janitor outside, and it was back to reality.

"You know, this must never happen again," Leo said when we were mostly dressed and cleaned up.

I grinned. "Of course not."

A few months later, Leo started dating a hunky journalist from the city around his own age; I like to think that our time together was what gave Leo the confidence he needed to hit the dating scene again in earnest - and before he met his boyfriend, we still had quite a bit of fun...