 I've never thought of myself as being gay and have been married for too long. Sex, while good is not as frequent as I would like. Ever since grade school I've stolen glances of other men's cocks, careful not to be noticed. It's amazing how cocks come in different lengths, thicknesses and shapes. I've never seen one that wasn't hot. I've never touched another man, but often have wondered what it would be like to hold another man's cock. I've also never understood, and often wondered why women, and especially my wife, didn't like giving head. 

I was shopping alone for a new pair of jeans as my wife, normally a shopping fanatic, wasn't interested in going. I like Levi's, but now they have so many different styles. Decisions. While looking at some 511's I noticed a couple also shopping. He was tall, dark, fit and really handsome. She was also really hot, Wearing black spandex leggings and a blue, skin tight halter top, really showing off her ample curves. I noticed she was wearing a big diamond wedding ring. While looking at them I couldn't decide which one was hotter. Decisions. I was continuing to shop, looking at some 514s, as I love how they sit below my waist and show off my flat, toned stomach and hug my nice round ass. I looked up and he was in front of me a couple of racks over and he was staring at me. 

I froze, unable to look away from his penetrating gaze as he had a confident smile, knowing I was mesmerized by him. I caught myself subconsciously licking my lips and noticed I had become very aroused creating a big bulge in my jeans. I needed to get out of this embarrassing situation. The men's room wasn't far and I headed that way before anyone would notice my aroused condition. 

In the men's room there were two urinals and two stalls. No one was there so I took a leak after I calmed down. As I was finishing and shaking my cock, a man came in and stood at the urinal next to me. I, as I so often do, discretely stole a glance. It was him! 

I watched out of the corner of my eyes as he pulled out his cock. It was soft but easily already six inches and a nice thickness and an awesome head. I couldn't stop from looking, admiring it, and I realized I had turned my head and was staring at it. He was standing there stroking it, being sure I could see it, knowing I was captivated by it. My cock was now fully erect and hard as a rock. I was obviously arosed by seeing his fabulous cock. I was slowly stroking my cock and looked up from his growing cock and saw that he was staring me in the eyes, that same penetrating, knowing gaze. I was looking up, realizing he was a couple of inches taller than my six foot frame and really well built. He nodded down at his cock. It was obvious what he wanted. Decisions. Would this beautiful cock be my first? Would I finally find out what women have against sucking cock? 

He turned towards me, offering his beautiful cock to me. Should I touch it? ...Before I could have a second thought, I instinctively reach out and I grabbed it, feeling it's heat as it continued to grow in my hand. It felt so natural, so right. I started stroking it and motioned to him for us to go to a stall. He, without saying a word, leaned back against the wall, put his hand on my shoulder and gently pushed down. Should I do this? out in the open? Decisions. I noticed he was looking in the mirror and would be able to watch what was about to happen. 

As his awesome cock grew in my hand I found myself unable to resist, dropping to my knees and taking the head into my ready mouth. The taste and feel was delicious. My first thought was why haven't I done this before? I started sucking, licking around the large head and wondering if I could take it all in. I started bobbing on it and loving the feeling as it probed my throat, easily sliding past my gag reflex deep into my throat. His cock felt like it belonged in my mouth. My nose was hitting his shaved stomach each time I took him into my throat. He would push it all the way in and briefly hold it there before pulling out half way and then plunging it back in again. I heard myself moaning each time he plunged it in, savoring the taste, loving how it filled my mouth and throat. I held his firm ass in my right hand and massaged his smooth balls with my left hand.

This went on for several minutes. I wish it could have lasted all afternoon. He grabbed the back of my head and started pumping with a an increasing sense of urgency. I remembered his wife was waiting for him outside, probably wondering what was taking him so long, or did she know? I worked with him to bring him pleasure quickly and it didn't take long for him to reward me, his moans let me know he was close. He stiffened and stopped pumping and I felt his cock throb, jerk and shoot his load of cum in my mouth and throat. I sucked him dry and licked his softening cock clean. 

I stood up and thanked him. I think I enjoyed it as much or more than him, especially the delicious reward when he came. He just smiled and left without ever saying a word. I still don't understand what most women have against giving head, but I know I am now confused. Does sucking cock once make me gay? I know I loved sucking my first cock. Who knows what tomorrow may bring. Decisions, decisions.