 "Seems like someone learned how to eat in moderation." Steve laughed as he walked through the door. Levi smiled at him and put another spoonful of cereal into his mouth.

"Ah, yes, and we've also discovered silverware." Devin laughed as he came in from the bedroom, his hair was wet and it was obvious he had taken a shower. Levi stood up and walked over to Devin, standing on his tip toes he proceeded to smell Devin's hair.

"We are still working on his addiction to shampoo. We've gone through four bottles in the past week. I keep telling him more isn't always better but the boy won't listen." Devin fake scowled. Levi blushed and moved away from Devin.

"How are you adjusting?" Steve asked Levi, as he sat back down to eat again.

"Good, Devin has been really nice." Levi smiled.

"I'm sure he has." Steve eyed Devin. Devin blushed and Levi looked confused.

"He means I'm sleeping with you." Devin smiled. Levi blushed and ducked his head down.

"Are you?" Steve chuckled.

"No." Both men said at once.

"Thats a shame, you guys are cute together." Steve laughed. Levi and Devin glanced at each other blushing. Levi finished his food and rinsed the plate off in the sink.

"What do you have planned today?" Devin asked Steve.

"Finding out what you have planned today." Steve laughed.

"Levi and I were going to go for a swim. You and Stoph should come." Devin said. 

"Sure. Meet you out front in like 10 minutes?" Steve said. Devin nodded and ran back into the room to grab his swim trunks.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

"Come on Stoph, get in the water." Steve begged. Levi splashed Devin playfully with his tail.

"Stop that." Devin growled.

"No." Stoph said from the shore. Splashing could be heard behind Steve again.

"You wouldn't have gotten your trunks if you didn't want to swim. Come one what's better than swimming with a mermaid?" Steve laughed.

"Merperson." Stoph, Devin, and Levi reminded him.

"Whatever." Steve rolled his eyes.

"Fine." Stoph caved. He put his book down and began walking towards the water. Levi chirped like a dolphin and splashed Stoph before he could even get in.

"Damn that tail of yours!" Stoph shouted and jumped into the water. Steve swam up to him and gave him a firm kiss on the lips before swimming off. Levi swam up to Devin while Steve and Stoph played together.

"Why did they do that?" Levi asked.

"Do what?"

"This." Levi said, and kissed Devin firmly on the lips. Devin stared at him and touched his lips.

"Thats a kiss." Devin said.

"Kiss..." Levi tested the word on his tongue. He swam backwards slowly, thinking.

"Yeah." 

"My people call it-" He gave a short series of clicks and chirps.

"What does that mean?" Devin laughed.

"You do it when someone is sick. To help them breathe." Levi explained. Suddenly he pulled Devin underwater. Devin gasped and had no time to take in air before Levi pulled him under. He felt panic rise in his throat and tried to kick to the surface. Levi held him down and held him still. Devin only panicked more the more Levi tried to hold him still. Suddenly Levi's lips met his and he felt Levi's tongue spread his own lips apart. Water rushed into his mouth before Levi's lips sealed the gap. Levi managed to get rid of the water in Devin's mouth and breathe fresh air in. Devin inhaled and felt the burn in his lungs vanish. Levi continued to provide him with oxygenated air and Devin found himself breathing underwater. Albeit, with Levi's help, but it was still the coolest thing he had ever done. After a few minutes he began swimming back up and only then realized how deep they had gone. Eventually Levi helped him up to the surface, making the swim upwards a lot faster.

"That was amazing!" Devin shouted once they reached the surface. Levi chirped and flipped backwards in the water.

"So you do that when your people are sick and can't breathe as well underwater?" Devin asked. Levi nodded and spit water in his face. Devin glared at him and wiped it off.

"What does it do for humans?" Levi asked.

"A kiss? Oh its uh..." Devin tried to find the words for it.

"It means you love him." Stoph chipped in.

"Love? This is like mating for humans?" Levi asked.

"You've heard the word before haven't you?" Devin asked.

"Yes. But I never understood what you meant." Levi said.

"You should have asked, but yeah it's like mating." Devin said.

"But humans don't mate for life." Levi was swimming circles around Devin. Who was getting tired from treading water.

"No, we don't. Usually, anyways." Devin said.

"It's a shame more human's don't." Steve said.

"You two are mated, yes?" Levi turned to Stoph and Steve.

"Yeah." Steve laughed.

"Why don't you have a mate?" Levi asked Devin.

"I just haven't found the right person yet." Devin began swimming towards shore.

"Yes you have." Steve coughed.

"Quiet." Devin glared at him. 

"Man, swimming makes me tired." Devin said once he reached the shore.

"Walking makes me tired. Everything is so heavy on land." Levi chirped. 

"I guess it would make sense for all merpeople to be as thin as you. Less muscle tone then us land walkers huh?" Devin laughed. Levi nodded much like a dolphin, splashing the water.

"Tell me more about your home." Devin said. Levi swam up to the bank and beached himself in the sand.

"Merpeople live in Atlantis." Levi said simply.

"What? That's real?" Devin sat up, interested. Levi nodded his head and played with the sand.

"Yes, centuries ago, it was a battle ground for a war between Mephistopheles and Michael." Levi said.

"Mephistopheles is Stoph right?" Devin questioned Levi nodded.

"The war lasted many years. The city was in ruins, but we rebuilt. At the end of the war, Mephistopheles used dark magic to curse the city. It sunk, and we were caught in its spell."

"Stoph turned you into merpeople?" Devin asked.

"Yes, Many angels died. They cannot swim." Levi explained.

"Wow. So don't merpeople hate Stoph or something, then?" 

"For a little while we did, but now now. No, we thank him." 

"What, why?" Devin asked.

"Above the water is bad. People are cruel and there is much war. In the ocean, it's just us. There's almost no fighting, no wars, our people focus on art, music, and magic." Levi pushed himself back into the water.

"It's a beautiful place." Levi had a strange look on his face.

"You miss it don't you." Devin said. Levi let out a soft gurgle of sadness and longing.

"Yes, I miss my home. But I know I will never return." Levi said, sadness gone and only cruel acceptance in its place.

"Levi I've been thinking. I want you to stay here. With me." Devin said, reaching for Levi's hands.

"I thought I was staying with you?" 

"I mean more permanently." Devin said.

"Forever?" Levi questioned.

"I guess. I can't say for sure, for all I know you'll meet your mate and leave but... until then... yes, forever." Devin said. Levi smiled.

"I'll stay forever." Levi said.

"You cant say that for sure, what if you meet your mate?" Devin said.

"I have met my mate." Levi used his arms to push himself up and kiss Devin, he giggled and rolled back into the water, diving under the surface.

"Whoa whoa whoa whoa, I'm not your mate." Devin said, blushing from the kiss that tingled his lips.

"Yes you are, I know." Levi appeared at the surface again.

"How do you know?" Devin asked.

"I just do. You always know when you meet your mate." Levi swam backwards.

"But... I mean you don't even know me." Devin stood up, watching him from the shore.

"I know you. You're Devin, you're human, you're nice, you-"

"I meant really know me. You're just stating facts that any stranger could see." Devin laughed.

"Maybe, but I know." Levi repeated. 

"But I don't know you. It doesn't work like that for humans, you have to get to know each other, go on dates-"

"What's a date?" Levi swam back up to the shore.

"What?" Devin asked, still lost in his rant.

"A date, what is that?" Levi turned his head to the side.

"A date is something humans do to get to know each other. You go out for dinner or a movie or something fun." Devin threw his hands up, not really caring.

"Oh, we don't have that." Levi said.

"I know!" Devin shouted. Levi ducked part of his head underwater, leaving only his eyes above.

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to yell." Devin took a deep breath.

"That's okay, I know you're confused. I'm confused about human customs." Levi said, he pulled himself up to the shore, sitting on the sand with his tail curled up, like one of the old mermaid pictures you see, all he needed was a hairbrush.

"It's just that you're saying I'm supposed to be your mate. Like forever, and I don't even really know you." Devin sat down in the sand.

"We have time." Levi smiled.

~~~~~~~~~~~ 

"He said he was your mate?" Stoph raised his eyebrows.

"Yeah, I have no clue how I'm supposed to react to that." Devin sighed. Levi had fallen asleep earlier and Devin decided to let him sleep. The thin man tired easily, he wasn't used to the constant weight of the surface.

"This is serious, Devin." Stoph said.

"I know!" Devin sipped his soda nervously.

"Well, congrats." Stoph said, toasting him with his own soda can.

"What? You can't honestly believe I'm his mate." Devin said.

"I do, They're never wrong about this sort of thing Devin. If he says you two are mates, you're mates." Stoph said.

"What if it's just puppy love or something, I saved him and let him stay in my house." Devin said.

"Nope, Merpeople aren't like humans. They mate once, and only once. Ever. The End." Stoph said.

"Maybe he got it wrong, or he's just playing a joke or something."

"They're never wrong. And this isn't something to joke about, not for them. Finding your mate is the biggest day of their lives. They spend their whole lives praying to find their other half. It's a huge deal. I cant imagine how he contained his excitement." Stoph laughed.

"But... but..."

"You're mates, Devin. Accept it." Stoph said. Devin sighed. He reached for another soda and found the box empty.

"I didn't want soda anyways, I'm going down to the store to get a case of beer. I'll be back in five, make yourself comfortable." Devin said, grabbing his keys. As soon as the door closed a pale Levi stepped out from the doorway of the bedroom.

"He doesn't want to mate with me." Levi made that sad cooing sound that his species does.

"That's not it, Levi. He just doesn't understand. Humans are very set in their ways and are frightened by anything different." Stoph moved a pillow so Levi could sit. He walked unsteadily over to the couch and sat. He nuzzled his head into Stoph's neck and Stoph remembered how touchy Levi's people are.

"He doesn't like me." Levi cooed louder.

"He does, he just doesn't know it yet. I know you aren't wrong about the mating and I know he'll have the same feelings for you. In time." Stoph hugged him to his side.

"Do you really think so?" Levi looked up at him.

"I do." Stoph nodded.

"Mephistopheles, will you help me with something?" Levi asked, suddenly.

"What?" Stoph stared at him, confused in the sudden change of mood.

"I need to make a date."

~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Devin returned home to find the house empty, Stoph and Levi were both no where to be seen.

'What are they up to...' Devin wondered. He set his keys down and searched the house. On the couch where Stoph had been sitting.

Something came up, had to go. Will talk to you later.

~Stoph

"Alright then..." Devin threw away the note and sat down on the couch with nothing to do.

~~~~~~~~~~ 

"What do dates have?" Levi asked.

"What?"

"Devin listed some things but I've forgotten them." Levi explained.

"Oh, you mean what do you do on a date. Well, it's basically just two people getting to know each other, spending time together. You can go to a movie, or out to dinner, or do anything really." Stoph said.

"As long as you are with the other person?" Levi asked.

"Yup." 

"Does mating count?" Levi asked, Stoph laughed.

"That usually comes after the date." Levi looked disappointed. 

"What does Devin like to do on dates? I must make it a good one. So that he will agree to be my mate." Levi said.

"It doesn't exactly work like that Levi. It could take awhile." Stoph said, they were walking down the street with Stoph leading the way.

"I'll make it work. Where are we going?" Levi asked.

"To pick out a place for your date." Stoph said.

"Where should we go?" Levi stumbled and Stoph caught him by his arm. "Thank you." 

"No problem, I was thinking you two should go out to dinner, but you still don't handle yourself to well around food." Stoph laughed.

"I've gotten better." Levi said defensively.

"You have, but still not good enough to be around mortals." Stoph said.

"Oh, well then where should we go?" Levi stepped carefully, trying not to fall.

"I'm not sure, I was thinking maybe staying in. Have a movie night, you could cook something." Stoph suggested.

"We don't cook our food, I don't know how." Levi said.

"That makes sense, water and all." Stoph gestured with his hands. "You can order in, I'm sure you'll like Chinese food." Stoph laughed.

"What's Chinese food?" Levi asked.

"It's just a type of food we have up here." Stoph explained.

"Oh." Levi seemed thoughtful. "What do we do?"

"Well, you order in. Maybe curl up on the couch together, watch a movie, something that you two really like but have seen before, so you can talk during the movie if you wanted." Stoph shrugged.

"What movie?" Levi asked. Stoph's eyes lit up.

"I know just the one." He gave a wicked grin that almost scared Levi.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

"What's going on here?" Devin hung his jacket up as he looked through the door.

"A date." Levi smiled.

"He means between you and him." Stoph laughed, at Devin's shocked face.

"Oh..." Devin seemed cautious.

"Well, I'll leave you two to it." Stoph smiled and skirted his way around Devin, out the door.

"Did he help you plan this?" Devin pointed to the Chinese food containers scattered around the coffee table. Levi nodded his head with a smile.

"He said you and I had to... get to know each other. It's not the way my people do it, but if it makes you happy..." Levi trailed off. Devin smiled and sat down.

"It does, thank you." He grabbed a pair of chopsticks.

"What are we watching?" Devin asked.

"I don't know, Stoph said you would like it." Levi shrugged. Levi pushed a button on the remote and a Disney logo came up.

"He didn't..." Devin shook his head.

"What?" Levi asked, confused. Devin giggled as the movie started. Levi looked back and forth between him and the television.

"It's the little mermaid." Devin laughed.

"Huh?" Levi turned his head, still confused.

"It's a movie, about merpeople." Devin laughed. Levi smiled and grabbed his own box of food.

~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

"So they throw me in the water."

"No!" Levi laughed. The movie had finished over an hour ago and the food was long gone, but they still sat talking.

"Yes! Now listen. So they throw me in the water- my swim trunks disappear. I had to run home, four blocks away, with nothing on at all." Devin laughed. Halfway through the movie they had grabbed a bottle of wine, and then another, and they were halfway through their third. Both of them were completely drunk now and having the time of their lives.

"Your turn." Devin laughed and pointed at him.

"Uhm, okay." Levi thought for a second, his eyes were glazed over and he wobbled slightly.

"When I was five, my father grounded me for sneaking out." Levi began.

"Wait wait wait, why were you sneaking out?" Devin asked.

"We party under the sea too, didn't you see the thing? The... the the... movie! didn't you see the movie?" Levi asked, pointing to the TV.

"Okay okay, go on." Devin took another sip of wine.

"So I'm grounded, right?" Levi slurred.

"Uh huh." Devin mumbled while sipping from the bottle.

"And It's really late at night. And my friends come over, they had to sneak through my whole house." Levi giggled. "And they get inside, and we completely trash the place!" Levi laughed harder.

"Your own house?" Devin chuckled.

"Uh huh." Levi giggled and nodded his head. "And the next morning, my parents woke up. They asked me what happened and we blamed it all on dolphins." Levi burst into laughter.

"And he believed that?" Devin giggled and rolled around on the floor.

"Yeah. I was always the perfect son. He believed almost everything I said." Levi shrugged.

"You lucky bastard." Devin chuckled. They sat silently for a moment and Levi rolled over to Devin on the soft carpet.

"Will you kiss me?" He asked.

"We shouldn't..." Devin shook his head.

"Please?" Levi pouted. Devin shook his head slowly as their lips got closer. Their lips met and Devin's tongue brushed across Levi's lips. Levi opened his mouth and allowed Devin access. Finally they pulled apart due to the necessity of breathing

"I could get used to human customs if all of them are that nice." Levi moaned. 

"We're drunk." Devin groaned.

"Only a lot." Levi giggled.

"We shouldn't have... what did we do?" Devin laughed.

"We kissed." Levi smiled into Devin's chest.

"Yeah, we shouldn't have done that." Devin giggled. 

"I'm sorry."

"It's okay, it was nice." Devin smiled at him.

"I'm tired." Levi sighed.

"Me too." Devin purred. Soon both of the men had fallen asleep on the soft carpet of Devin's living room floor.

~~~~~~~~~~ 

"Oh man, I'm getting too old for this shit." Devin opened one eye and saw Stoph looking down at them. He rolled over and hugged a snoring Levi to his chest.

"On the floor you two? Really? I'm NOT cleaning the carpet." Stoph crossed his arms over his chest.

"Nothing happened Stoph." Devin groaned and nuzzled into Levi's hair, it smelled like the ocean. 

"Uh huh." Stoph said, rolling his eyes and picking up the empty Chinese food boxes.

"It doesn't look like nothing." Steve came walking in, a large smile on his face. 

"Well it is nothing." Devin whined, wanting to sleep longer.

"Hangovers a bitch I bet." Steve laughed.

"Soooo glad I can't get drunk." Stoph laughed harder.

"You can't get drunk?"

"Nope, something left over from my demon days I guess." Stoph shrugged.

"Believe me, I've tried." Steve winked. Levi moaned and buried his face in Devin's neck.

"You two are a cute mated pair." Stoph smiled.

"We're not mates, it was just a date." Devin shoved Levi away suddenly. The smaller man woke up suddenly and looked around confused.

"Devin..." Stoph looked at him angrily. 

"We're not mates!" Devin shouted and stood, walking into his bedroom and slamming the door behind him. Levi looked down at his hands and tears began to fall down his face.

"He'll come around, fishboy. Just give him time." Steve said, sitting down with Levi and stroking his hair while he cried.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

"Devin?" Levi knocked softly on his bedroom door. It was almost midnight and Levi wanted to go to bed. He was too scared to sleep alone and Devin hadn't come out of his room since that morning. Not even when Levi brought him food. He knew he was still awake because of the light that came through under the door.

"What?" Devin said through the door, his voice was muffled but held a hint of something.

"It's getting late... and I'm tired I was wondering if I could-"

"Sleep on the couch." Devin interrupted him, he sounded tired and annoyed.

"Okay..." Levi whispered. He walked over to the couch and sat down. He was too scared to ask for a pillow or blanket and instead just curled up on the uncomfortable sofa. He laid there in the cold for a few hours, unable to sleep, when he heard Devin's door open. He kept his eyes closed and was surprised when he felt a thick warm blanket cover his shivering form. Devin tucked the comforter around Levi and brushed a lock of hair away from his face.
