 Introduction:

Upstanding businessman and family man by day; blackmailer of a deep-throat cocksucker by night.

*****

When Brynn moved from Leavale to Norton it didn't take long to find two willing mouthfuckers. They were scruffy and a little older, in their early twenties, but always horny for "mouth". 

Although the two scruffian mouthfuckers were not ideal, they knew about the 68 position (like 69 except one-way sex), they were always horny for it, and that position was one that Brynn loved.

Brynn chose to not mingle much in school, but one of the popular girls was intrigued by his aloof nature and began talking to him. Her name was Miranda and she was beautiful, with olive skin and a big smile with perfect teeth and long brown hair that had blond highlights. She was quite popular. 

After a few weeks of developing trust and friendship, Miranda revealed that although she was a virgin, she was fascinated by sexual topics and equal among those was the topic of "gay boys". Since Brynn neither dated nor seemed interested in girls, her hope was that he might be one of "those" and, even more, that he might be one who had an interest in cocksucking because that topic not only interested her, but just talking about it turned her on.

She was fascinated and excited and always ready to listen and that made her a great outlet for him. Her eyes flashed whenever Brynn talked about the two scruffy 20-somethings who screwed his mouth or the legion of horny guys who had used his mouth back in Leavale.

Miranda was old enough to have a car, and a new one at that, and she often invited him to sporting events to watch her as a flag girl, something he came to enjoy. Although she spent most of her time with her other friends he felt honored to have a place in her life.

Then, something happened that concerned him because he didn't know what he would do.

He was leaving a convenience store just a few blocks from where he lived when a man approached him and said he wanted to talk. He pulled Brynn to the side of the building and flashed a cell phone and showed a video of him laying on his back with one of the two scruffy guys on top of him and the other stroking nearby. Brynn was horrified! He tried to argue that it wasn't him but the stranger showed the mouthfucker obviously ejaculating in Brynn's throat then getting to his feet which revealed Brynn's face clearly..

"You see Brynn, this video is also on my computer. Be very easy for it to go out to all the wrong people. You wouldn't want that, would you?"

Brynn was breathless with fear. The man said that as long as he did what he was told, the video would never be released. He said his name was Al and that he was an attorney looking to become a partner in the biggest law firm in town and the owner of that law firm was a mouthfucker who was always on the hunt for better cocksuckers. He added, "He's never had a cocksucker who lays down like that. If I bring him a prettyboi deepthroat like you, I'll become a partner and you don't have to ever worry about this video. See, we all win."

Brynn tried to argue but it was useless and he knew it. The man demanded his text number and told Brynn to be ready to meet the man the next evening. There seemed nothing Brynn could do but agree.

...

Al picked him up at the convenience store, drove a few minutes toward downtown, and parked before an older apartment building. He explained that the man they would meet was named Oscar, a married man who had fathered seven children, owned a big law firm, and was also prominent in the community, holding positions on the city council, church board, planning committee, and his face was shown on many billboards and on television.

"Real upstanding reputation so no nonsense here, cocksucker," Al advised. "He just wants your mouth. No trouble. You cause trouble, you get taken down. Remember the video, queerboi. You do what you're told. You give him the best fucking mouth he's ever had and don't cause trouble."

He led Brynn to an elevator in the old building and down a hallway to a door which he opened with a key. "We'll wait. He'll be here. Busy man but he won't miss out on a new cocksucker. No fucking way. And you better make sure that's what he fucking gets." 

When Oscar appeared, he wore an expensive suit over a big and robust body with a flashy watch that matched a golden wedding ring. His graying hair was slicked back. Brynn figured him to be two, or maybe even three, times older than any man he had ever been with.

"So Al, this is the cocksucker is it?" Oscar asked. Al nodded and said Oscar would be very pleased.

"Yeah well, seems a little young to have much experience."

Al advised that Brynn was already getting fucked in the mouth often which proved he was going to suck dick anyway so Oscar might as well join the fun. "Besides Oscar, just try out that mouth. Just try it. If you don't like it, you can bail." He motioned for Brynn to get on his knees.

Oscar unzipped and pulled out his cock which was already very hard. It seemed different from younger cocks. It seemed, well, more manly—like a real man and not so much like a boy. It was thick and seemed adult and not juvenile. Brynn had never expected to suck on the cock of a man so much older but, like it or not, that was what he was expected to do.

"Suck cocksucker!" Al said. "And do it good! Suck his dick!'

Brynn moved his mouth forward and felt very unsure about what he was getting himself into, but he could NOT let that video be released so if he had to suck this strange man's dick and every strange man in the building, he would do it.

Al leaned to Brynn's ear. "Suck like a whore, cocksucker. You better make it the best mouth he's ever had!"

Brynn felt the heat and hardness of the older man's penis going into his mouth and once the head was in, he began to suck softly on it. Oscar groaned,"Ohhhhhhh fuck yeah. That's a mouth!" Brynn began moving his mouth halfway down that hard shaft and back up. It felt strange to be on his knees before a mature man.

Oscar put his hand to Brynn's head and his hips began to slowly move forward and back and Al encouraged his boss to "Fuck his mouth. That's what it's for".

After several minutes, Al encouraged Oscar to "put the queer on his back" on the bed, just like the video, and find out for himself how much like a pussy the cocksucker's throat was. Instead, Oscar moved forward and pinned Brynn's head to the wall and then he fucked the queer's mouth for nearly fifteen minutes before driving his cock all the way in and ejaculating deep in the cocksucker's throat. Oscar groaned and his legs shook while he was cumming and he called Brynn a faggot and a queer and a dicklicking slut and then pulled his cock out and said it was a fuck worth repeating.

Brynn didn't like feeling helpless to his situation but Oscar's approval did excite him.

"Okay, now boss," Al said, "now take him to the bedroom-"

"Not enough time right now," Oscar interjected. "Hell, you only told me about this last night and a man like me needs some time to make time. So, tomorrow. Seven o'clock. Have the cocksucker here."

Al had Brynn at the apartment fifteen minutes early. Oscar arrived with an obvious bulge in the front of his suit pants. He dismissed Al and then reminded the cocksucker of the peril he would face if he didn't do what was expected. The man sat on an old sofa and unzipped his pants. He pulled out his pole-like erection and pulled Brynn's head toward his lap.

"Suck, faggot. Suck my dick!"

Being called a faggot felt degrading but it would be far more degrading to have that video released so Brynn gave the best sucking he could and the robust older man stretched out and closed his eyes and moaned softly.

"Yeah, suck it bitch. You got a helluva good mouth, cocksucker." Between moans, Oscar told Brynn, "All I want is your mouth? Understand? I'm a horny man. I just want cocksuckers I can fuck in the mouth when I'm horny and you have a helluva good mouth for it. Keep it in mind. I'm not looking for relationship. I just need to use your mouth."

In time, Oscar pushed Brynn's head away and told him to go to the bedroom. "We're going to find out if you're as good as that video."

While Oscar stripped bare, Brynn found himself in a small bedroom with a high dresser to the left of the bed with a lamp on top and a framed 5-by-8 picture. On the right side of the bed was a small table, also with a lamp.

He lay on his back while Oscar stroked his cock and then straddled his face in a reverse manner, his saggy balls nearly grazing Brynn's nose. He pushed his thick penis into Brynn's mouth and then pushed it repeatedly to Brynn's throat and commanded Brynn to take it and his throat opened and the older man's cock penetrated him balls-deep.

Then, he just lay on top and moaned how good it felt and how much he loved deep-throat cocksuckers and how being on top for the first time was the best of two worlds—like being on top of a girl yet knowing he would be ejaculating in a queer's mouth (throat). "Doesn't get any hotter than that!" he added as he began to slowly fuck.

His cock was a little over seven inches. It felt different than others to Brynn probably because it was the first grown man's erection that had ever been inside of him. Oscar's shaft was darker in color than most and his hairy balls that slowly bounced on Brynn's nose were big and nasty-looking. There was no question in Brynn's mind that it was a fully grown man who was on top of him.

Oscar got into more of a fucking motion but not like the younger guys. It was more like ... more like ... copulation. Yes, that was it. The older man fucked slowly and then a little faster and then . . . 

Brynn heard what sounded like a cell phone.

"Shit!" Oscar exclaimed as he stopped fucking and his body moved and Brynn realized the older man had picked his cell phone up from the bedside table. "It's my wife, dammit. Gotta take this. You be quiet. Hey sweetie, what's up?" the man said while his cock began to move again in ultra slow strokes, deep in Brynn's throat.

Brynn was immediately seized with the question: What kind of man was this? He's talking to his wife on the phone while he's on top of a faggot and slowly fucking the queer's mouth? Who would do that? Was he kidding?

"Yeah, just had to work a little late. I'll be home in about an hour. Just have something here I have to get done," he said while pushing his erection deeper into Brynn as if to tell the cocksucker that he was still in control. "Yeah. Uhuh. I know sweetie but that problem won't go away soon so we can talk about it later, can't we? (pause) "Okay, well . . . all right".

The big man slowly pulled his hips up and his erection slid from the queer's throat and then popped out of his mouth. Oscar stood and looked down at Brynn and waved a slow finger at him as a silent instruction to remain still. 

Oscar was totally naked as he left the bedroom and closed the bedroom door halfway as if to get a measure of privacy. Brynn sat up and soothed his lips. He peered to the outer room and saw the naked, older man standing in the darkness with his left hand holding his cell phone to his ear and the other slow-stroking his thick erection.

Their conversation continued for several minutes. Brynn looked around the room. His eyes caught the sight of the 5-by-8 picture atop the high dresser. It was some distance away but he believed it to be a family picture. If it was, then he couldn't look at it. No! He didn't want to see the face of the man's wife, the woman that Oscar was betraying. Hell, Brynn was also betraying her! He couldn't look. The guilt would be overpowering.

But, what kind of woman would put up with this kind of man? Maybe he was reputable and upstanding in the eyes of the city, but he was a mouthfucking extortionist in reality. And hell, what kind of man would talk to his wife and say he loved her while at the same time he had his hard-on down the throat of a faggot and he was slowly fucking that queer in the mouth? 

What kind of man? 

But also, what kind of woman?

Curiosity overcame him and he rose and moved toward the tall dresser. He looked to the left-most part of the picture and, yes, just as he expected, he saw Oscar's smiling face with his arm around a smiling woman who must have been his wife. Brynn felt sorry for her. Her husband said he loved her while he was drilling a faggot's face. Some kind of love that was! Poor woman. If only she knew.

Guilt rose even more within him and realized it was because he was not only cheating with her husband, but he was also cheating with the father of whatever children were also in the picture. He permitted his eyes to go to the next person, an older male who was probably in his 30's and probably the eldest son. The next faces were probably sons in their mid 20's and two daughters who both wore college jerseys.

Then, his eyes went to the very last face in the picture, the face on the furthest right and it literally took his breath away.

It was . . .

It was . . . Miranda!

His knees became so weak that he fell back to the bed and sat in confusion. It couldn't be. But it was. What the hell was he doing? He couldn't go through with it. How could he ever let Oscar fuck him in the mouth if he knew that Miranda-—his best friend in the world—-was Oscar's daughter? He was cheating on her more than anyone. His best friend! Maybe his only friend! He couldn't. He could not go through with it.

Yet, he had to or that video would be released.

The dilemma was pure hell. Either he betrayed his best friend, a sweet virgin girl, by letting her father fuck him or he ran out of the building and let the video be seen by everyone he didn't want to see it.

He couldn't let the video be seen. But, he couldn't just lay down and let that man screw him, not since learning that it was Miranda's father. It was agony. He couldn't decide. But, he HAD to decide.

Maybe it was a non-issue since Oscar had already fucked him in the mouth and ejaculated in him the day before. Maybe the damage was already done and could not be reversed. But, that was different because yesterday, Brynn was innocent of the knowledge that he was being fucked by Miranda's father. Now that he knew, he was pierced and succumbing to the saber of guilt.

He heard Oscar's voice coming his way and he knew he had to decide. Time was evaporating and if he was going to flee, he had to do it NOW!

When Oscar's face appeared, Brynn's knees were shaking. It was either him or Miranda. As selfish as it seemed, he just could NOT let that video be seen by the wrong eyes. He hated feeling like the most despicable traitor in history, but it was him or her and he just could not choose any other way.

His fingers trembled as the big man put his cell phone on the high dresser next to the family picture, an irony of notice.

"Okay cocksucker, time to lay back down and get yourself screwed," he commanded.

There was time ... there were a few seconds ... Brynn could still jet for the door. Instead, he felt his body leaning back. It was laying down. It was laying flat and he became fully aware of the traitorous adultery he was about to commit ... fully aware that he had surrendered and he was going to let Miranda's father fuck him.

And he lay still and silent while the big man once again got on top of him. His head spun with agony. The man's penis touched his lips. The man's hardness pushed and Brynn permitted his mouth to spread and he felt Oscar's stiff shaft going all of the way into him again.

Brynn's lone refuge against his torment and agony was the single notion that it was Oscar who was causing it to happen. Brynn was not initiating anything. Oscar was creating the betrayal by being the aggressor and by pushing his cock into Brynn's resigned throat. The idea was a scant refuge from the assault of guilt, but he seized upon it.

With that as his only emotional sanctuary, Brynn knew that there was nothing left except to stay still and let the big man fuck him until he was done -- just lay still and take it. Let the man use his mouth. Any amount of participation would suggest his agreement and that would lead to even more agonizing feelings of guilt.

And so, the big man moaned and groaned and slowly fucked and sometimes seemed like he was making love.

Making love?

Was this what it was like when Miranda's dad fucked her mother? Was this was what it was like to lay under him and be screwed by him? Was this what her mother experienced? Oscar had impregnated her mother and now Brynn was laying with him and would know what it was like to also be inseminated by him.

It was crazy! He was being fucked by Miranda's father! Brynn was the "other woman". Brynn was the one copulating with her father! Brynn was her father's whore.

How would he ever face her? She would somehow know that her father's big balls had been bouncing on his face. She would someday figure out that her father was cheating on their entire family and the horror would be multiplied when she saw in Brynn's eyes that the very whore that her father was screwing was Brynn—-her trusted friend!

And yet, there he was, laying flat on his back and letting her father fuck him; just letting him do it! Her father was having sexual intercourse in his mouth, a mouth that had become a pussy for her father. Just laying there and letting Miranda's father fuck him! It was all just too much to consider.

Yet . . . Yet, a glimmer of hope!

It wasn't really sex; not yet. Oscar hadn't ejaculated! That was it! He hadn't completed the sex act yet! If Brynn escaped before her father came inside of him, then it would be as if nothing had happened. Maybe Brynn could find some burst of gumption to throw the horny mouthfucker off of him and flee before Oscar achieved orgasm and ejaculated in him. He searched himself for that burst but found it lacking. Maybe it would come at the very end with a sudden uprise of panic just as he felt the big man beginning to cum. Maybe then. It was his only hope. Find that burst and then squirm out before he pumped semen into him.

Oscar talked nasty and fucked and Brynn had been under enough mouthfuckers to know when they were getting ready to cum. Panic gave him hope that maybe he would indeed push away and then flee.

Then . . .

He felt the last few strokes. Powerful strokes. Ramming strokes. He felt the big man jam his cock in deep and Brynn pushed in panic and tried to squirm out from under but the big man didn't seem to even notice. Instead, he pushed all of his weight down and held the cocksucker in place under his great weight and then . . . It was too late. Brynn was trapped and then he felt it, the first spurt. 

It was the beginning of Oscar's insemination and the end of honesty with his daughter. 

Just that one spurt represented the full consummation of betrayal. That's all it took, just one dose of sperm. It was over. It was done. Betrayal was complete. No sense in resisting. Brynn surrendered. Completely. He lay still and he let the big, horny, mouthfucking, married man enjoy his orgasm without any resistance. He didn't move a muscle. He didn't make a sound. He just lay still and let the big man ejaculate in him.

Miranda had been conceived with the very sperm that her father was now pumping into his vanquished throat. The man who was so sexual and so fertile that he had fathered seven offspring was pumping that same fertile sperm into Brynn. 

Yet, even that wasn't the end of betrayal. After achieving a mighty orgasm in Brynn's throat, Oscar did not pull out. Instead, he just lay on top of the cocksucker. His cock never went altogether limp but stayed half-hard and as he moved slowly on the cocksucker's face, his cock hardened.

Then, Brynn felt the big man move in an odd and strained way and then he heard him speak. "Hey uh, Victoria. Yeah, it's taking longer than I thought. I thought I was 'done' but (his hips were moving in a grotesque and slow fucking motion) something has come 'up' and I'm going to need to stay and get it taken care of. (pause) I know, but it can't be helped. Kiss my little princess goodnight and tell her I'll see her in the morning. I'll try not to wake you when I climb in bed. (pause) Yeah, I love you, too. Love you."
