 Hi I am a married 35 yr old male. I have a nice wife and 2 wonderful kids. My life is pretty good all in all. My best friend Stephen called me and asked me if I wanted to go deer hunting with him. He said we could sleep in his tent, and would probably be gone 3 days and 2 nights. I discussed it with my wife and she said I should go, I would probably have alot of fun. The first day was pretty uneventful. We never saw one deer, it didn't even look like there were any deer in the woods at all. We turned in at dark and both crawled into his tent. It was already getting pretty cold, and he suggested that we unzip our sleeping bags and use them as blankets and maybe we would stay warmer that way. He is single and began telling me about his hot date the weekend before. He went into great details about how that hot little blonde sucked his cock and let him fuck her ass and everything. 

His hot story made my cock spring to attention. My 9 and 1/2 incher was standing at full mast as he described his erotic adventure. When he was done, we rolled over to go to sleep. I awoke from having a very hot horny dream a few hours later. I could almost feel that blonde he had described touching my very hard cock. Suddenly I realized that someone was touching my erection. I lay there very still, as Stephen began lightly stroking my hard on. He moved his fingers lightly up and down the entire length of my shaft. He would stop and softly squeeze the big swollen head occasionally. I felt him tug at the waist band of my long johns and he carefully inched them downward, exposing my very hard cock. He grabbed my now naked cock with his hand and began stroking me while his other hand cupped my balls. I still pretended to be asleep. 

Suddenly I could feel him crawling beneath the sleeping bags. He gently took me into his hot wet mouth, sucking the head of my aching cock. It felt incredible. He slowly moved his mouth downward taking me deeper and deeper into his mouth. I was now in his throat. He had my entire 9 and 1/2 inches inside of his warm wonderful mouth. I began to move a little, I couldn't help it. Suddenly I reached over and felt for his cock. I slid my hand inside of his long johns and grabbed the big rock hard dick. The head was very slick with pre cum. He was very excited from sucking me. I began stroking him and pulled his thermals completely off. He repositioned himself where we could 69. His cock was about 8 and 1/2 inches long, and circumsized like mine. 

I licked the big leaking head. I could taste the sweetness of his pre cum. It tasted kind of good. He continued sucking me and began pushing his cock head inside of my mouth. I eagerly accepted my first cock, and hungrily sucked him deeper into my mouth. He was giving me a glorious blowjob, and I wanted to make him feel as good as he was making me feel. He was on top and he began thrusting his cock into my mouth. He fucked my mouth very hard, and I soon had all of him inside of me. He was almost making me gag, but I kept telling myself to relax and enjoy it and this kept me from gagging. The whole thing was pretty hot. 

I had never considered doing anything like this, really, but here I was sucking a cock like a little whore, and I was loving it. As he fucked me with his throat and cupped my balls he made me cum. I shot my load and I am quite sure I flooded him with a hefty amount of cum. He hungrily ate every drop. When he was done, I pushed him to his back. I dove between his legs and began sucking him hard and fast. I cupped his balls like he had done me and fucked him with my mouth. I could feel his rock hard cock throb and pulsate and he began moaning. I knew he was going to cum. I kept the head inside of my mouth and began jacking him off. His cum erupted and he filled my mouth with a massive amount of sweet sticky stuff. 

I swallowed every drop, and almost wished there was more. As he softened I rolled over to my side of the bedroll and we told each other good night, and went to sleep. The next day we didn't even go hunting at all. We stayed in the tent and played with each other and gave each other blowjobs all day. My wife was right - I was having a lot of fun. Can't wait until fishing season starts.