 Approaching my car, I could see that it was blocked in the parking spot by a large brown parcel delivery truck. Damn, that made me mad. Those delivery guys could park anywhere they wanted and get away with it.

Sitting in my car, I got more steamed. I even honked the horn to attract his attention, wherever he was. I waited and waited. He had to be in one of the nearby buildings.

In my rearview mirror I spotted a man wearing a tan uniform. I was about to give him a piece of my mind. He came alongside my car.

"I'm sorry" he said.

I got even hotter. If there's anything that turns me on it's a good- looking guy in a uniform. I don't care whether it's a cop, a soldier or a delivery truck driver.

"No problem."

I was no longer pissed off, just horny. He was a hunk by any standards. Mid-twenties. Tall and beefy. A shock of chestnut hair. Soft brown eyes.

"I'll move the mother out of your way."

There I was at eye-level of his meaty crotch. I don't know if it was just a nervous reaction but I licked my lips. I looked up and said, "Looks like you've got a big load to deliver."

He knew I was brazenly cruising his basket. Maybe that would get him mad. Some insecure straights blindly hated queers, others took it as a compliment that you appreciated their charms. I was hoping he'd be that kind.

"You got that right. It's gonna be a short lunch break today if I'm gonna get all this stuff delivered."

"I'm hungry myself" I said. I flashed him a smile. He'd have to have been a real blank not to have gotten the message. He did. His sparkling brown eyes said it all.

"Got a thick beef sandwich in my truck if you'd care to join me. Kind of like paying you back for all the inconvenience I caused you."

"I'd like that."

"Get in the truck," he said.

I pumped another quarter into the parking meter and I got in the delivery truck.

It was loaded with packages, that was the truth. The only problem was it had only a driver's seat, none for a passenger.

"Where?"

"Oh sit on those boxes, it's okay. There's an alley in the next block where I can park."

This looked like my lucky day. I balanced my butt on a large carton while the truck rolled forward. It soon lurched to a stop.

The driver stepped back among the parcels . He rubbed his crotch.

"Bet you've got a big one," I said, admiring his hunky body.

"Not had any complaints yet."

I groped him. He shoved his basket right in my face. I bit into the twill uniform pants. He sort of moved me back in the truck and slid the panel door shut so that we were away from the view of any passersby.

He unbuckled his belt and dropped his uniform pants down around his ankles. His beefy thighs and packed jockey shorts were right in my face. I clutched his hard buns in those white cotton briefs. I inhaled the fly. Hooking my hands in the waistband, I slid the shorts down his legs.

His cock was soft and fat, uncut, and hung over big balls. His chestnut bush matched the hair on his head.

"Suck it. Suck my big dick" he moaned.

I studied his hefty slab, threading back the foreskin. I got a whiff of his male essence. His cockhead became more bulbous as his shaft expanded. The hood of flesh stayed off the crown when I let go of the shaft. His cock flopped up and down, throbbing, begging to be sucked.

I glanced up at him. And for the first time noticed that the name tag on his jacket said "Clyde." I'd never had a Clyde before that I knew of, but I sure wanted this one. When I licked the delivery man's cock he clutched my shoulders.

He sat down on the bed of the truck among the various sized parcels and I kept my mouth fastened around his meat. What I'd expected to be a routine servicing of a straight stud was taking a turn. He reached up under my shirt and tweaked my nipples. I liked that. It showed reciprocation. Often, some of the straightest guys will treat you better than those gays who are jaded, preferring only hard-core sex-- all give or all take.

Clyde wasn't much interested in my cock when I hauled it out but he was very interested in my ass, enough to pull his cock out of my mouth and flip me over on my belly. He was a strong stud, I liked that. He fingered my ass crack and probed my hole.

Contrary to popular belief, I'm usually macho. I've done more fucking than getting fucked. But I've been known to back up on a good stiff one now and then whenever the mood hit me.

I was in the mood and Clyde looked like stud enough to handle me. A big thick juicy cock with a heavy set of nuts was just the ticket to get my ass.

To let him know that he was on the right track, I shed my clothes like a slut. He liked how my smooth fair body contrasted with his swarthy skin.

"Oh yeah, I want that big thing up my ass," I crooned.

"I thought so. I heard that's what most fags, excuse the expression, like."

"That's not necessarily true," I said. "You ever fuck a guy before?"

"Nope. My old lady just divorced me. Found herself a rich guy to fuck. He can pay her bills, I couldn't. Nothing was ever good enough for her. She spent most of my paycheck on her clothes."

I wasn't really interested in his personal life, not at the moment. All I could think about was how hot and hard that big dick of his would feel up my ass. Now it had softened. I jacked it to make him keep his mind on the business at hand.

It was far from comfortable on that corrugated metal deck of the truck but I'd been fucked in worse places. Like the time that French sailor followed me to the railroad yard in San Diego and poured it to me in a wooden boxcar. I was afraid I'd get splinters in my dick.

"Shove that big thing in me" I begged.

"Get up on all fours. I'm gonna fuck you like a bitch."

I lifted up and managed to get a gob of spit in my crack.

Clyde punched his cock right in my hole. It was bigger and thicker than I anticipated. It felt like it was touching my heart, it was in so deep.

I shivered and moaned.

"Do it to me. Fuck me."

Clyde's cock was stiff and made my asshole burn as he pumped it. Once my assring was amply stretched I wanted it all.

"Shove it in me, the whole thing. Oh yeah. Oh fuck!"

I looked over my shoulder while Clyde fed his dick to me. He looked down, fascinated by the sight and feeling of his cock boring into my hole.

When I get fucked by a real stud like Clyde my cock gets hard as nails. It's not so sensitive, because my ass is on fire, but I like it when a stud is aware of how I feel.

Clyde was on top of everything. Especially for a straight stud. He reached underneath me and tugged back on my balls. I wanted to yelp but enjoyed the pain of so much pleasure. He fondled my cock. He pumped it in the same rhythm that he sluiced into my hole.

"Fuck me, stud. Oh yeah, keep doing it. More. Don't stop. Oh, it's so fucking big, so fucking hard!"

"Take it, bitch. Take my big cock!"

"Oh fuck, it's so stiff. It's gonna shoot. Do it, shoot it off up my ass. Cream me!"

Clyde increased the rhythm of the hand job he was giving me while he pumped my hole. I reached back and grabbed his smooth asscheeks and held on to him so that he wouldn't pull his dick too far back and fall out.

Just as the magical moment when his balls crashed against mine and I squirted all over the floor of the delivery truck, Clyde pulled out.

He grabbed hold of his stiff meat and blasted fiery cum drops all over my buttcheeks. That surprised me, his timing and imagination. But I liked it. I couldn't help but think he liked to splatter his ex-wife's tits and crotch with his creamy loads.

My asshole ached. I rolled over onto my back and watched him stroke his dick slowly. It stayed hard even after he came off. My back was coated with the puddle of cum I'd shot off, and my butt was sticky with his goo. I was happier than a hog wallowing in the mud.

"You want some more, don't you, bitch?"

I wasn't any body's bitch but I didn't complain, just nodded. Besides, I liked to look at a guy's face when he fucked me.

Clyde spread my legs and hooked my ankles on his strong shoulders. He stared at my crack.

"What's wrong?"

"I like to look at your asshole. It looks like my ex-wife's pussy, only it's tighter."

I didn't know what this fantasy was but I did know that I wanted his big meat to cram my twitching hole again.

"I ain't been fucked all that much."

"No need for lies. I don't care. Always wanted to get in her backdoor but she said that was perverted."

"Do it to me, guy. Do your stuff."

Clyde looked at my hole for the longest time. I'd never had that sort of fascination for bungholes but I'd never been interested in pussies either. He fingered my hole and made me squirm. I wanted him real bad. Just looking at him made me crave him.

"Fuck me. I'll be your bitch, whatever you want. Just put your big dick in me. I want it. I need it bad."

Clyde slid his mean cock right in up to the hilt. My asshole ached and burned while he stroked my hole.

He took my ankles off his shoulders and held my legs apart. I held them underneath. He watched his cock go in and out of my hole, in deep, nearly out, then in again, the rounded head and shaft buried in my bowels.

I moved my ass around and humped him back.

"More. Faster. Harder!"

Clyde slammed his cock up my hole. He grabbed my throbbing pole and fisted it so hard I thought he'd pull it off.

"Fuck me. Keep fucking me. Don't stop. Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum!"

I blasted my second load all over the place, all over Clyde, all over my torso. That made him pump me all the harder. My asshole spasmed around his big cock.

"Here it fucking cums. Take it, bitch. Take my fucking load!"

He shot off so hard and deep in my guts that I figured I would walk funny for a week.

He collapsed on top of me, all sweaty and breathing real hard.

"Oh man, I ain't never been fucked like that, never in my life," I said.

"You're a good fuck." I guess that was as close to a compliment as he could make, being a straight cat.

His cock softened and slithered out of my asshole. It was like five inches and real thick even when flaccid.

Clyde packed his tool back in his uniform pants. He looked terrific. There's a glow and confidence about a stud that I like after he gives a good performance. With him it was a double feature.

I scrambled around and got my clothes back on. I was ready to go when he stopped me.

He poured hot coffee from a thermos and gave me a cup. I wasn't really thirsty or hungry but figured this was just Clyde's way of being nice. He insisted that I eat half of a huge thick beef sandwich that was delicious but not as tasty as his own salami.

"Thanks for everything," I said.

I was kind of touched by his honesty and innocence. He even gave me his phone number and told me to give him a call sometime.

Usually, as cruel as it sounds, I toss a trick's number in the trash. It's often just a gesture, and likely a phony number.

I waited a few weeks, busy at work putting in overtime, until I was real horny, then I gave Clyde a jingle.

"Man, I didn't think you were ever going to call."

He gave me his address and I drove over to his rented room. We drank beer and he fucked me twice. This happened several more times until he found another woman. He used me but I didn't care. I fucking loved it.