 Working for a local liquor distributorship you don't get to choose your routes or accounts, and being the lowest man on the Totem Pole you get even fewer options. So when I was told that my new delivery route was in the gay section of the city, I had to go.

After a few weeks of getting the hang of where each place was and what times they wanted me to show up, I started getting into the swing of things.

One Friday I was running WAY behind on my delivery schedule due to vehicle troubles, so I didn't get to this one club till very late in the day. Now in the course of my employment I knew this to be a pretty wild club, with gay videos playing on the numerous TV screens from opening to closing. But none of my stops at this place prepared me for what I saw when I walked in the front door.

Off to one side of the dance floor was a rather young looking twink tied up and getting spanked by this 300lb gorilla. A rather good sized crowd for 6pm on a Friday was gathered around cheering on the pair. However not all the people in the club were just idle spectators, off to the other side of the club were several guys stretched out on couches getting blowjobs.

I've never really considered myself gay at all, aside from occasionally looking at some sexy shemale pictures on my home computer, but I couldn't help but get a semi going in my pants at the sight of all the sex going on around me.

My hypnotic state was broken by the bar manager coming up to me and taking my invoice out of my hand and making his way off to the office for my payment. While he was off writing my check I made my way to the back of the club to store my delivery.

No sooner was I in the door, then a young blonde 20-something barback came into the storeroom to put away my order.

"Hey there." He said. "Never seen you before"

"I'm usually here, like hours ago. But thanks to truck problems I'm waaaay behind. Thankfully you guys are my last stop and I can go home soon."

"Oh." He says while I notice him do a quick onceover on me.

Now I'm not the prize of the show, but I'm not exactly Quasimodo either, I'm 6 foot tall, with a big 235 frame. My Brown hair and baby blue eyes have melt more than a couple of drunk sluts near closing time for me to be able to score.

"Can I ask you something?" Asked the barback.

"Sure thing." I said.

"Are you gay or bi?" He asked.

Taken back for a moment I could get any words out of my mouth. In all the time that I've delivered to any of the bar and nightclubs no one has come right out and asked me my sexual orientation.

"Uh…..I guess I'm…..I mean I'm straight." I finally said.

Turning to face me with a slight smile on his face he says " Well, you know that a lot of straight guys come in here to get there dick sucked."

Not remembering seeing any females out in the club area, I had to ask, "How does that happen?"

Taking a couple of steps toward me, the barback reached out and started rubbing my growing erection in my pants.

"Oh" I said.

Dropping to his knees this guy unzips the front of my pants releasing my ever-growing hard-on. Looking up into my eyes he sticks his tongue out and licked the underside of my cock making it reach a new height of rigidity. Squeezing up the shaft he milked a drop of pre-cum out of the tip and rubs it all over the now sensitive head, making me moan. 

Taking his cue this young stud dropped himself down upon my cock taking almost all of my 7 incher down his throat. Giving a huge sigh of pleasure I just leaned my head back and enjoyed all the sensations my cock was feeling. 

My cute little cocksucker started picking up the pace, swirling his tongue inside his mouth around my cock making me see stars. All the while he's bobbing up and down on my pecker, this hot cocksucker managed to get my pants the rest of the way undone and slid them down to my knees. After a few minutes of sucking this young thing snaked a hand around to my ass and started playing with the crack.

"Oh my god." I finally managed to choke out.

When this young hot stud finally inserted a finger into my asshole my orgasm hit me fast and hard.

"OH GEEZ…..YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS" I screamed as I shot load after load into his hot hungry mouth. The stars I was seeing started to blind my vision as I came like I had never came before.

Finally looking down at my pleasurer, I could see the smile on his face as he swallowed my whole load. Squeezing more drops out of the tip of my cock my young lover licked each drop with a long seductive stroke.

Noticing something out of the corner of my eye I managed to get a glimpse of the bar manager jerking himself off just as he shot his load all over the storeroom floor.

"I got your check for you." He gasped as he stroked the last few drops off the end of his cock.

"Yeah, and I got a tip." I said.

As I recovered, I gathered up my paperwork and left, but as I drove away I knew that I'd be making this my last stop for now on.