 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This story contains straight sex, bisexual sex, gay sex and incest.

***

CHRISTMAS EVE DAY

The family cooled it with sex the morning of Christmas Eve Day. They enjoyed a leisurely breakfast and then sat around reading the daily newspaper and listening to Christmas music. Margaret later got busy preparing dinner as they planned to eat early around 2:00 PM. 

It was a delicious meal and everyone pitched in with the cleanup. They went to the family room to exchange presents and listen to Christmas music. Dustin served the after-dinner drinks and then they opened presents. The gifts were practical ones consisting of clothes, electronics, cologne and perfume. When they were done, Dustin surprised his wife and stepson with one more present. Margaret and Brandon opened the gifts and found very soft one-piece lounge outfits. Hers was pink and Brandon's white. 

"Oh my, feel how soft this is!" Margaret exclaimed. 

"And mother, look it has booties and a hood. It's all one piece."

Dustin spoke up, "That's not all. Check the bottom."

They looked at the bottom and saw that the outfits had a flap and three large buttons. "It's called a drop seat," Dustin explained.

"So, we can go to the bathroom without having to take it off," Margaret remarked.

"Even better, so you can poke your sweet asses out while wearing it. I am looking forward to fucking Brandon's sweet ass when he's wearing his."

"Oh my God mother, I can't wait to see you in yours. Let's go put these on right now."

Mother and son went to their rooms to change and Dustin took off his clothes. When they returned they had not unbuttoned the flap and Dustin was anxious to expose his stepson's ass. Dustin cupped Brandon's ass cheeks with both of his hands and guided him over to the sofa. Brandon just stood still as Dustin massaged the buttocks in his hands. He opened the drop seat on the jump suit exposing the curvy cheeks. This was the part that he loved best as he uncovered the marvelous ass. 

Brandon leaned forward and placed his hands on the back of the sofa and arched his back to further accentuate his curvy ass. Dustin continued to fondle the lovely ass cheeks and place light kisses on them working Brandon into a state of desire. He moistened his finger and probed the anus and Brandon cooed at the gentle probing.

Dustin took the lube that his stepson had handed him. He placed a liberal amount in the scrumptious bottom and then he stood behind his stepson. He applied some lube to his cock and then he stepped up behind Brandon and slid his slippery dick into the hot ass. He loved the warm recess as it embraced his throbbing cock. 

Dustin thought to himself that it just didn't get any better than this. He loved watching his cock slide in and out and in between the cheeks of his stepson's beautiful ass framed in the one-piece. He was thrilled about how much Brandon liked to be fucked in the ass. Dustin felt his balls tighten and he knew that he couldn't hold it any longer. He stiffened and shot his cum into the beautiful hot ass. Brandon milked the cock with his sphincter and they remained coupled together for several minutes until Dustin slipped his cock out of Brandon's ass. 

"Oh mother, I am so hot. Drop your flap, show me your ass."

Margaret knelt on a chair and unbuttoned the drop seat. Her lovely ass came into view and her son was turned-on. He went up behind his mother, unbuttoned the fly and fished his cock and balls out through the opening. Dustin handed him the lube.

"Don't forget to use this."

Brandon rapidly lube his dick and quickly shoved it in his mother's ass. He took Margaret's breath away with the abrupt penetration due to his excitement. He loved the way his mother looked with her bottom poking through the drop seat. The rest of her body was covered with the loungewear and he could have just as easily been fucking one of his gay friends. Dustin watched his wife and stepson and it was a very erotic scene. Brandon came quickly as he was overcome with excitement.

"Mother, this is going to be a quick one. Oh my God is this ever hot."

Margaret felt the surge and force of her son's ejaculation. The seed filled her rectum, a sensation she had grown to love. Brandon paused only to shoot and then resumed fucking his mother's ass. He knew he could cum again and he liked the feel of his seed in her rectum. He then felt Dustin behind him and then the big dick making its way back in his bottom. Dustin stayed still kneeling behind his stepson and let him do all the work. 

Watching Brandon's ass sticking out through the drop seat while he was fucking his mother, was too much for Dustin. Minutes later Dustin was firing his second load into the lovely bottom. Seconds later, Brandon came again and filled his mother's chute. Margaret's pussy was on fire. She broke away from her son and quickly removed the loungewear. Rolling onto her back, she called out.

"Dustin, my pussy!"

Her husband dove between her legs and fastened his mouth to her quim. She climaxed in minutes after his tongue probed her pussy. Dustin was hard again so he slipped his cock into her and fucked her until she had a massive orgasm. He didn't cum a third time at least not then. He rocked back letting his cock slide out and then the three of them took a break. Margaret put the outfit back on as Brandon had never shed his. Dustin got a robe and then he refreshed everyone's drinks. They sat in the family room relaxing after an incredible erotic experience.

"Dustin, this is the best gift ever. Mother your ass looks so inviting sticking through the opening."

"Yours does too son, it is quite a turn-on for us."

"When I bought these, I thought they would be alluring but never expected the effect they produced."

It was getting late and they decided to turn in. Margaret changed out of the loungewear as she wanted to sleep naked with her husband. Brandon decided to keep his on and sleep in it. Dustin was already thinking of paying Brandon a visit in the morning.

CHRISTMAS DAY

They all slept in the next morning and then Margaret woke up and began playing with her husband's dick. Dustin had another morning piss-hard-on and his wife took advantage of it. She mounted his cock and rode him until she orgasmed, then she rolled back on her back. Dustin got up to relieve himself and went to the bathroom. When he returned to the bedroom, Margaret was dozing. He smiled and then decided to visit his step son.

Dustin looked in on Brandon who had never bothered to button the drop-seat. His lovely ass was peeking through the opening and was irresistible. Dustin entered the room, located the lube and got in bed with his stepson. He caressed the smooth shapely buttocks which caused Brandon to stir. 

"I was hoping you would come to my room this morning."

"Your mother went back to sleep. I was thinking about you wearing this outfit."

Brandon lay face down on his belly but pushed his bottom up slightly. The effect was seductive and Dustin fondled and fingered the alluring derriere. His cock was throbbing and he needed to fuck his stepson. He knelt over the pretty gay young man and eased his cock into the receptive ass. Brandon pushed up as the cock entered him. Dustin kept his weight off the slender teen with his arms on ether side of him. He began to move slowly and Brandon raised his ass each time that Dustin thrust into him.

Margaret had gotten out of bed, showered and put on a robe. When she didn't see the guys in the kitchen she suspected what they were doing. She walked down to her son's bedroom and stood in the doorway. The sight before her was incredibly erotic even though it was two men having sex. She watched her husband thrust his big cock into her son's lovely ass and each time Brandon raised his bottom to receive it. She watched for a few minutes and then left them to go back to the kitchen.

Minutes after she left, Dustin was shooting a massive load into his stepson's rectum. As he always did, Brandon gripped and clenched the thick shaft with his sphincter. Dustin lowered his body onto the teen but quickly rolled to the side keeping his cock in him. Brandon fished his cock out through the fly and masturbated with his stepfather's cock still in him. He came quickly and ejaculated onto the bed sheets. They stayed together for a few minutes longer then Dustin got out of bed.

"I smell the coffee. Your mother is up and I'm going to grab a shower."

"Me too,"

They both showered, dressed and joined Margaret in the kitchen. Margaret had cut the coffee cake and poured the juice. The guys got their coffee and the three had a leisurely continental breakfast. Later they would read the paper, listen to Christmas music and enjoy the coffee. Margaret was glad she had cooked the day before as it would be easy to serve leftovers. Being a Sunday, there were a couple of games on TV that they kind of half-watched.

That evening it was a repeat performance of the night before with Margaret and Brandon wearing the new loungewear. After another evening of satisfying sex, they were ready to get some sleep. Dustin lay in bed thinking about the week ahead. Once Margaret returned to work on Tuesday, Tyler would come back for a visit. He was already picturing both gay teens wearing the loungewear around the house with their sweet asses exposed. 

TYLER LOVES THE LOUNGEWEAR

Monday was a laid-back day. They did laundry, a bit of house cleaning and relaxed in the family room. They took a day off from sex but Brandon was looking forward to Tyler's visit on Tuesday. He couldn't wait until he saw his lover in the pink loungewear. Margaret left for work on Tuesday and at 10:00AM Tyler arrived at the house. Brandon could not hide his excitement when he produced the two lounge outfits.

"Tyler get your clothes off and put this on. It is the hottest thing ever."

Tyler took off his clothes in Brandon's bedroom and donned the loungewear. Brandon was wearing his white one and Tyler had on Margaret's pink one. Brandon unbuttoned his drop seat and Tyler gasped when he saw the exposed bottom. Brandon then unbuttoned Tyler's drop-seat and they had immediate erections. They hugged and kissed and let their hands caress the curvy buttocks. They were anxious to fuck each other and Brandon let Tyler go first. Tyler couldn't remember when her had been this turned on as he approached his lover's ass. It was so incredibly erotic to see the beautiful ass poking out through the open flap.

Tyler fished his cock and balls out through the fly. He lubed his cock and Brandon's anus. Then kneeling behind his lover, he slipped his cock into the marvelous bottom. It was an incredible sight to behold. At that point Dustin had joined them and was content to watch for starters. Tyler came quickly as he was so turned-on. The pretty gay teens switched places and Brandon fucked Tyler. 

Dustin had removed his tee and shorts and stood naked stroking his cock. Once he realized that Brandon was going to keep fucking Tyler after he came, he then got his stepson's ass ready for his cock. With Brandon still in Tyler's ass, Dustin eased his cock into Brandon who had paused to allow the penetration. Once his ass was full, Brandon resumed fucking Tyler. Dustin loved the threesome and let Brandon do the work.

Brandon ejaculated into Tyler's rectum but he kept right on fucking him. Next it was Dustin who shot his load into his stepson. Tyler was so hot that he had to fuck Brandon again. Once he was back in his lover's ass, he felt Dustin behind him and he knew what was coming. With a combination of the lube and two loads of cum, Tyler was able to handle Dustin's big cock. Just as he had with Brandon, Dustin let Tyler do all the work.

Tyler was the first to cum and then he felt Dustin shoot into his bottom. With three loads of semen in them the teens were stuffed. Dustin left them to rest and clean up but reminded them to wear the loungewear after their showers. He left the teens and went to get another cup of coffee. Sitting in the kitchen he waited for them to join him. When they arrived, they had the drop-seats buttoned but Dustin insisted on unbuttoning them. He loved looking at their shapely bare bottoms and fondling the smooth cheeks.

"You know, I was just thinking. On New Year's Eve, we'll have the Greek sisters wear the loungewear. You both can fuck their hot asses sticking out of the drop-seat."

"Oh Tyler, he's right. My mother had the pink one on and it was so hot. I loved fucking her ass that way."

"After you two get something to eat, I'm going to fuck you both again. Looking at your bare bottoms gets to me."

Brandon wiggled his ass in response. Dustin stood up to get another cup of coffee. He walked over to where the teens were standing and grabbed both asses. Then he filled his cup and sat back down. His boner was very obvious in his shorts. The guys made ham sandwiches and after they ate the three of them returned to Brandon's room. Dustin had them kneel on the side of the bed so he could fondle and lube both bottoms. He played with their lovely asses peeking out through the openings until he couldn't wait any longer. He stepped up to his stepson and began fucking him as he continued to play with Tyler's ass. Dustin then moved to Tyler and fucked him for awhile before moving back to Brandon. Dustin kept doing that until he was ready to cum.

He pressed into his stepson's ass and shot a stream into the rectum. He quickly moved to Tyler and fed him some semen and then back to Brandon. He finished in Tyler's ass and then he left them to themselves to have some more fun. They did just that taking turns fucking each other, turned on by the loungewear. Dustin put on his shorts and a tee and sat in the family room. He really liked the effect of the drop-seat in the loungewear. He knew it was a fad and that the novelty would wear off but for now he loved it.

Tyler was gone by the time Margaret got home and her loungewear had been washed and dried. She was not up for any group sex than evening and after dinner they relaxed in the family room. She had been thinking about quitting her job and mentioned it to her husband.

"I really don't need the money. I'm thinking about quitting. I want to give them a month's notice after the New year."

"Are you sure? I'm going to be traveling a lot on the next consulting engagement."

"Yes, I'm sure. I'll do some volunteer work to keep myself occupied and I want to join that lady's fitness club. I can also go with you on some of your trips."

"Sounds like you thought that through. We could stay over some weekends and see the cities where I travel. I never get to see them during the work week."

"Good, I'm glad you agree. Would you get me another glass of wine?"

"Gladly."

Dustin got his wife another glass of wine and poured a scotch rocks for himself. He remembered that he had to meet with the consulting company on Thursday to review the sub-contract agreement. 

"I have a meeting on Thursday."

"Will you be home for dinner?"

"Yes, definitely, it should only take a couple of hours."

Brandon took note that Dustin would be gone. He knew Tyler would come over and now he would ask Artie too. They would have a wild time the three of them. Brandon excused himself and went to his room. Dustin and Margaret would finish their drinks and go to bed shortly thereafter. 

"Dustin, does it bother you that I won't have anal sex with you?"

"No, not at all, I don't think about it."

"It's just that you're so thick, it scares me. I don't know how the boys and the sisters do it."

"Well they have been doing anal for quite some time and they are well broken in. However, I still have to lube them thoroughly and be gentle."

"I like the feel of the slender cocks cumming in my ass but they don't feel any thicker than a finger."

"So, we're both happy. You get the slender dicks and I still get to fuck cute asses. I'm glad that you're okay with me fucking Brandon."

"Oh yes, well he loves you and I can see how much he desires you."

"Ready to turn in?"

"Yes, I'm tired tonight."

"Well we had a jam packed sexual marathon the past three days."

Margaret smiled and then she cuddled up to her husband. Within minutes she dozed off in his arms and was sound asleep. Dustin dozed off thinking about New Years Eve. He was looking forward to seeing the Greek sisters again.

DUSTIN'S AWAY - THE BOYS PLAY

On Thursday Margaret had already left for work and Dustin left shortly after that. Brandon was awake and he could not conceal his excitement. Tyler and Artie were coming over about 10:00AM. It was going to be a fun-filled day with plenty of sex to go around. He had not seen Artie since school and he was anxious to fuck him again. 

Brandon showered and douched his ass as he always did. He didn't put the new loungewear on as he wanted to wait until later and spice up the sex. He wore flannel lounge pants with a tee shirt. He liked the feel of the flannel on his naked body. He still recalled the day that Dustin walked in the kitchen when he was wearing the flannel pants.

Dustin had walked up behind him and hugged him. Then the pants were lowered to just below his buttocks. Dustin used the butter as lube and eased his big dick into his stepson. Brandon's pubes were still covered by the pants and only his ass was exposed. Dustin fucked his stepson and ejaculated on his bottom instead of coming in him. Brandon was so hot that he pulled his pants down and jerked off until he came on the kitchen floor. They used paper towels to clean up the two loads. It had been so hot as it was so impromptu. Just then Brandon heard the doorbell.

Brandon opened the front door and greeted Tyler. They hugged and kissed and then went into the kitchen. They sat at the table and waited for Artie to arrive. Minutes later the doorbell rang again and it was Artie. Now the three of them were anxious to get started so they went to Brandon's room. They all stripped but Brandon wanted Artie to see the loungewear. He modeled it for Artie and when he showed him the drop seat, Artie went wild.

"God you look hot. Can I fuck you like that?"

"Yes Artie, that's the point. We are going to take turns wearing this and getting fucked. The lube is on the dresser."

Artie grabbed the lube and applied it to his dick and Brandon's anus. He was incredibly turned on as he looked at the shapely bottom exposed in the drop-seat. He shoved his cock in quickly and began fucking his gay friend. Tyler moved in front of Brandon and offered his cock to be sucked. 

"Shit, I'm cumming," Artie called out, "I've never cum that fast."

He did cum quickly and it was a big load shooting into the lovely bottom. Artie was sure that he could cum again with out removing his cock from the sweet ass. However, Tyler was anxious to fuck so he took Artie's place. Tyler's hips moved rapidly and soon he was cumming in Brandon's bottom.

"God, you guys flooded my ass, you were really turned-on. Tyler your turn to wear this."

Brandon slipped the loungewear off and handed it to Tyler who put it on and assumed the position. Brandon went first as Artie stood by stroking his cock and waiting his turn. Brandon fucked Tyler for a longer time before he came but it was a huge load too. Then it was Artie who filled Tyler's ass. Artie was next to wear the outfit and get fucked by his friends. He was excited because he knew how he looked to his buddies, just they way they had looked with their asses exposed. After the two had filled Artie's rectum, Brandon suggested the Jacuzzi.

"It's kind of cold outside," Artie cautioned.

"We'll be fine. I'll get robes for us and once we are in the tub we'll be warm. It's fun to douche our asses in the Jacuzzi."

Brandon got the robes and they dashed out to the hot tub. The cover came off quickly and the three gay teens immersed themselves in the hot bubbly water. They had done this before and they all found a jet to use to douche their bottoms. It was a very erotic feeling to feel the jet massage one's anus. In fact, it was a turn-on and they would be ready for more action once they were back in the house. They had all cum twice that morning but they were each capable of cumming four times a day.
