 The next morning, I was out of bed early, despite how late I had been up the night before. I had carried Jenna into bed after Todd left and stripped her and put her in her pajamas. She stayed asleep the whole time, but I found myself still wired from my banging start to the new year. I replayed my encounters with Todd until the wee hours of the morning and finally drifted off around four, but was wide awake at eight this morning, anxiously anticipating my next sexcapade with my boss.

I whipped up Jenna's favorite breakfast and brought it to her in bed around ten. Even in her hungover state she was gorgeous, and felt a brief pang of regret as she kissed me good morning.

"Sorry I crashed early last night. I hope that makes up for missing the ball drop kiss."

 Ah, but I had a ball drop kiss. It just wasn't with you, honey. It was with my studly boss who had just reamed my ass after toying with it for hours.  "It happens to the best of us, babe. We have the rest of our lives to have New Year's Eve kisses at the ball drop." I kissed her softly.

"Thanks, baby," she winced. "Could you get me some aspirin?"

I pointed on the tray. "Right there, Jen."

"I love you, Will. You're the best."

"I try. Maybe it'll even out a little when I tell you I have to go into work this afternoon for a few hours?"

She frowned around a bite of pancake. "Will! I thought you had off until Monday. Why do you have to go into work?"

"Todd asked me about something last night that I completely forgot about. It'll just take a little bit, then I'll be home and all yours until Monday. I promise."

"Alright. I understand."

I smooched her forehead. "Thanks, babe."

Two hours later, I walked into Todd's office, my body quivering with anticipation. Before I'd headed over I'd taken a long shower, making sure I was clean inside and out for Todd. I even shaved my asshole, just in case Todd wanted to eat me out again. 

Todd was sitting at his desk, hands clasped behind his head. "There's my beautiful boy."

I blushed, not sure how to respond. Todd patted his desk, "Come sit, baby."

I rushed over, wanting to see what Todd had in store for me today. "Yes, Sir."

"Eager for me, huh, baby?" I nodded. "Does Jenna have a nice little hangover this morning?"

"Yes she was. How many drinks did you push on her last night?"

"Just two. She was well on her way to wasted without my help."

That was odd. Jenna wasn't usually a heavy drinker. I'd seen her drunk twice in the five years I'd known her, and that first time had been her twenty-first birthday. I wonder if something was going on that she hadn't told me about.

"Quit thinking about Jenna. I have something else for you to think about."

I leaned in closer to him. "What's that, Sir?"

"My cock. On your knees."

I slid off the desk and put my hands on his thighs. Todd's fingers worked on his fly, pulling out his beautiful, thick cock. I leaned forward and mouthed the tip. I felt Todd's hands dig into my hair, urging me to take more of his cock. I moved to wrap my fist around the base of his cock, but Todd yanked on my hair in warning.

"Ah ah ah, baby boy. Just your mouth. I want you to choke on it."

I hummed around the tip and started working my way back down the length of his cock. He started thrusting his hips into my face, fucking it without restraint. I started to gag, which pleased Todd, egging him on. I opened my throat and swallowed. 

"That's it, boy. Swallow Daddy's cock, baby. Daddy's gonna cum for you. You're going to swallow it all."

I moaned around his cock, moving faster, wanting him to cum as fast as I could. I craved the taste of his cum. I never thought this was something I would be doing, sucking another man's cock and loving it. 

Todd started bucking his hips faster, and I could tell he was close. I sucked hard and was rewarded with the first burst of cum from the tip of his cock. I swallowed spurt after spurt as Todd came, eager to savor every bit of it.

As Todd's cock began to soften I pulled off with a pop and sat back on my heels, my own cock hard as a rock. Todd's hand came up to rest on my cheek. "You're so good at that baby boy. A natural cock sucker."

"I'm just a slut for you, Sir."

"Damn right you are, boy. Come sit on my lap."

I gingerly rested myself on his thighs. I hadn't sat on anyone's lap in a long time, but Todd made me feel small and safe. I wasn't a small guy, so that was an impressive feat. 

"Can I kiss you, Sir?"

Todd didn't answer, he just threaded his fingers into my hair again and mashed his lips to mine, thrusting his tongue into my mouth. I can't explain it, but kissing Todd was so much better than kissing Jenna. Maybe it was that Todd controlled every aspect of this relationship, and I was the one who controlled my relationship with Jenna. Whatever it was, I loved it.

We kissed for a long time, and when Todd finally pulled away we were both gasping. "You're such a sweet boy, William."

"Thank you, Sir."

"We're going to try something a little new today," Todd said mischievously.

I was intrigued. "What do you have in mind, Sir?"

Todd reached behind me and opened one of his desk drawers. I heard the rattle of pens and then he was dangling a pair of handcuffs in my face. "Just a little bondage play, baby boy." My cock twitched against his hip and he smiled dashingly at me. "You like that idea, don't you sweet boy?"

I nodded. "Yes, Sir."

"Strip, then go sit on the couch," he ordered.

Eagerly, I bounded off his lap and headed for the couch that dominated the center of his office. The chrome and black leather was very modern and the scrolling nature of the arm rests would be perfect for any bondage play that Todd had in mind. I yanked my jeans and briefs down my hips and kicked them away along with my shoes. A couple of buttons popped off my shirt in my haste to get rid of the offending garment. Where everything landed, I don't know, and I didn't care. I sat down, waiting for further instructions.

"Put on the blindfold."

I noticed for the first time the length of black fabric on the coffee table in front of me. I quickly knotted it behind my head and adjusted it so that all the light was blocked.

"Good boy. Now lay face down."

I obeyed, listening for any more clues as to what was coming my way. I could hear him opening and shutting drawers, but I heard no more clink of metal. My cock grew impossible harder as I waited for Todd to join me on the couch. I squirmed, trying to adjust myself to gain some relief.

"Ah ah ah, baby boy," came Todd's voice as he straddled my ass. Sometime during his rummaging, he had stripped, and I could feel his semi-hard cock rubbing against my back. "Arms above your head."

Instead of the cold feeling of metal that I had expected I felt soft rope encircle my wrists. A few tugs later and I was secured to the couch, unable to move. Todd's hands slid under my hips and lifted, bringing me to my knees with my ass in the air. The position forced me to shift my weight onto my chest and shoulders, my cheek digging into the couch cushion. It also shifted the plug I'd had shoved in my asshole since last night further into my aching hole.

"There's my beautiful boy. Look at that pussy stuffed nice and full for me."

I moaned, aching for more than words. I felt Todd's fingers massaging into my cheeks, inching closer to the handle on the plug that had once belonged to Jenna. I couldn't see ever giving the toy back to my fiancée now.

"Time to open up that pussy for me baby," Todd murmured, pulling on the toy's handle.

As each bulb of the toy passed through the mouth of my ass a fresh wave of goosebumps washed over me. My cock wept at the tip, aching for the attention only Todd could give it. At last, the plug was freed from my ass and I felt the cool air rushing over the sensitive flesh. Reflexively, I clenched, which elicited a groan from Todd.

"Look at that wink. You kept that pussy nice and open for me, just like I asked."

"Anything for you, Sir."

"And you cleaned yourself up. I like my boy nice and smooth." He gave a quick flick of his tongue over my hole. "Mmm, delicious."

"Please," I whimpered.

"Please, what?"

"Please, Sir. Do it again."

"Do you like me eating your pussy, baby?"

I shivered. "Fuck, yes, Sir."

"Well since you asked so nicely," Todd said just before his tongue delved into my pussy. He ate at me relentlessly, sending pleasure raking through my body. Just when I thought I was going to erupt, Todd pulled away. 

I cried out at the loss of his touch. "Just wait, baby. I have something special in store for you."

"Please keep touching me, Sir. Fuck me, spank me, anything."

Todd chuckled. "Such a greedy boy."

"Your greedy boy," I echoed.

"My slutty boy."

"Your slutty boy."

"Ready to get fucked, beautiful, slutty boy?"

"YES!" I shouted. "Please, Sir," I added.

Todd pushed his cock inside me, and I groaned loudly. He kept pushing until his entire length was buried inside my slutty hole. Once he was seated fully, he bucked his hips, sending him to the remaining virgin depths of my ass.

He grunted, pulling himself slowly out of me before ramming back home again. He repeated the action again and again, each time brushing against my prostate in the most delicious way. 

"Harder," I begged.

I expected him to deny me, but he didn't. He continued hammering into my ass, harder than before, but not nearly hard enough to quench the ache inside me.

"Are you ready for your surprise, baby boy?" He whispered near my ear.

"There's more?" I asked huskily.

"I'll always have more for my baby boy." Thrust. "My." Thrust. "Slutty." Thrust. "Beautiful." Thrust. "Boy."

Todd's fingers tugged on my hair hard enough that my head came up off the cushion and I was in more of a hands-and-knees position. Another set of hands landed on my cheeks, startling me. 

"Look at our slutty boy. He loves taking my cock up his ass."

"I love your cock, Sir."

The blindfold slipped off my head. I blinked rapidly, trying to adjust my vision again to the bright lights.

"You're going to cum for me now, boy."

"Yes, Will, you're going to cum for him now."

Todd thrust against my prostate again, and I came hard, ass filled by my boss' cock, looking into my fiancée's eyes.

"That was so hot baby," she murmured, a scant second before she crashed her lips to mine.