 A couple of weeks went by where either Dennis or I didn't go to hockey night. I thought a lot about the blowjob but really didn't consider a replay, just thought Dennis used my cock for some sexual experimenting. That was cool with me, hell I couldn't complain, I got my cock sucked!

About 3 weeks went by and out of the blue, I got a phone call from Dennis. He asked if I could come over. He said he wanted to talk about what had happened. I told him I'd be right over. I figure the just wanted reassurance that I wouldn't talk about it to anyone. 

When I got there he got right to the point. He told me he really enjoyed what had happened. He said he thought about it every day. That's when he dropped the bomb. He told me that he wanted to suck me off again. He said if I wanted, he would suck me off whenever I wanted. All I could think about was he was offering to be my on-call cocksucker. 

Being a horny fucker I immediately dropped my shorts sat down on the sofa and told him he could start now. A smile crossed his lips and he sat beside me. He sat there for a moment staring down at my cock. He then reached out and began to gently run his hand up and down my cock, stroking it with just his fingertips. He asked me to take off my pants and underwear. 

After dropping my clothes, Dennis began to rub and squeeze my balls with one hand as he continued stroking my cock. I scooted forward a bit and laid way back on the sofa, giving him complete access to my cock and balls. 

He moved his head down toward my cock, looking me in the eye the whole time. As he lowered his head to my dick he said "I love this." He then opened his mouth and closed it on my cock. Holding my cock in his mouth, he began to run his tongue around the head, paying close attention to the nerve bundle under the head. It felt great but I wanted my cock down his throat. I put my hands on his head and slowly began to push him down. 

He got the hint and took me all the way to the root. I held him there for a moment, then began to thrust my hips into his mouth. He took the cue and began bobbing his head on my cock. I kept my hand on his head, but let him do the work. Started telling him how good his mouth felt and that I was going to feed him a huge load. 

He took my cock out of his mouth and told me he wanted me to cum in his mouth. He went back to sucking sometimes sucking hard, other times just using lips or tongue. He even took me out of his mouth and began to tongue and suck my balls. Having my balls played with always get me really hot! 

He kept sucking my cock and balls for about 10 more minutes. I told him to wrap his thumb and forefinger around the base of my cock and slightly squeeze my cock and balls. This always make my cockhead real sensitive and enhances the feeling of getting sucked. Eventually he said his jaws were getting sore and told me I could cum anytime. I got the hint and told him to suck on the head and I'd cum right away. 

About a minute later, I told him I was cumming and began to unload. He held my cock about halfway into his mouth and I could feel his throat contract as he swallowed. For the 1st time I'd cum for the 2nd time in the same mouth. He held my cock until it was done, sucked me to the root and back a few times, then sat up with a big smile. 

He told me he liked it when I told him how I liked my cock sucked and held his head and hoped I'd enjoyed it. He then said he didn't think he was gay because he really liked girls, but thought that giving head was a huge turn on for him. I told him that I enjoyed Blowjobs and didn't think any less of guys who gave head.

He gave me his phone number and said just call anytime I wanted head. I joked and said I'd call him in a few hours. He then said he could come over to my place before I went to bed and suck my cock if I wanted. He said it would relax me. I told him I was usually in bed by 10 on work nights. He said he'd be over at 9:45. I told him I'd call if my girlfriend showed up. As I was leaving, Dennis said this was going to be fun.