 Let me begin by saying that I am happily married to the most wonderful woman on Earth. She is my everything and always will be. I love her immensely and I will never have sex with another. She is my soul mate. That being said there was a time in my life where I was very confused and wondered whether or not I was attracted to men or women.

One summer I met this really cool guy that I played basketball with named Derek. We would hang out and he was rich so we would hang at his place because he had a VCR, stereo, and TV. The days were always packed with basketball though and I would end up staying with him every night because we would come back late and we would be exhausted. My parents worked hard every day and never really kept tabs on me so I spent most of my time with Derek. Derek was my age and pretty tall. He was about 6'2" but thin. I figured a real ladies man because he was good looking for a guy. We never really talked about girls though. Always about sports. 

One night, I fell asleep early. I awoke though feeling a hand wrapped around my cock. I figured I was dreaming and settled in to enjoy it. After a few seconds though I realized this wasn't a dream and someone in fact had their hand on me. I also realized my shorts and underwear were both missing. I was nude from the waist down. I was lying on my side with my back to this person stroking me.  Terrified to look I opened one eye and to my amazement it was Derek. I played like I was asleep but my cock was betraying me because it was hard as a rock. I wanted him to stop but didn't all at the same time. He continued to stroke my cock and the sensations he was giving me was driving me wild. I knew that I wouldn't last long. He must have sensed this because he started stroking me faster. Then it happened. I let loose with spurt after spurt of warm cum on my stomach and the mattress. Derek reached over with a towel and cleaned me up. Exhausted I fell back to sleep.

The next morning I was ashamed at what happened but intrigued all the same. Embarrassed I gathered my things and went home. Derek called later and we went to the courts. Nothing was mentioned of the night before and we resumed our normal routine of ball all day. About a week later, I again fell asleep and again I awoke to Derek stroking my cock. This time I lasted longer and enjoyed the feelings of the hand job I was receiving. I came again harder and longer. Again Derek cleaned me and I fell back asleep. 

These episodes continued for weeks and I started to expect them. Instead of falling asleep with my clothes on I got in the habit of taking off my shorts and underwear and then to the point of being completely nude. I loved the feelings Derek gave me and I craved more. 

I began to see Derek in a different light. I began to become attracted to him and wanted him. One night as he was stroking me I felt his hand on my hip and he lightly was caressing me from my hip to my thigh. I became harder (if that's possible) and started to push my cock into his hand. 

He then ran his hand down the crack of my ass until he was rubbing my hole. It was pure ecstasy and I was ready to blow my load. He felt this and started to push his finger in my butt. I lost it and exploded all over the mattress. 

Unbeknownst to me Derek was naked and for the first time I felt his cock on my back. I could feel his cock on me and he was much bigger than I. He cleaned me first then lay back down and started to jerk off. Before long he was drenching my back with a huge load of his cum. Again, he cleaned me up and we both fell asleep without a word.

PART II

My time with Derek was pretty structured we played ball during the day and continued our fun at night. The strange thing about my sexual part with Derek was that we never talked about during or after our sex. That would soon end. One night I crawled into the bed naked and fell asleep ad it wasn't long before he was stroking my cock. He would get me worked up and stop long enough for me to catch my breath and then he would bring me to the edge again. That's when I felt his cock against the crack of my ass. 

He started to gyrate against my butt and I knew what was in store for me next. He stopped stroking me and fumbled around for a second. I was completely hot and bothered. I needed to cum. That's when I felt something wet on my hole. Whatever it was it soon was followed by the head of his cock. I was unsure of how this would feel and was convinced I would be scarred for life. 

He popped the head of his cock into my ass and let it set for me to get used to. To my surprise, what I felt was not excruciating pain but more of a pressure. He continued to feed his cock into my butt for what seemed like forever. After he was all the way in he sat there again. I felt so full. 

Then the most amazing feeling I had ever felt up to that point in my life started to happen when he started slowly fuck me. Every time he pushed in I had the feeling of complete pleasure and loss of control of my body. It made my eyes roll into the back of my head. I was completely under his control. He started to fuck me faster and harder. 

He reached over and roughly grabbed my cock and started to stroke me. This was too much for me as I blasted my seed into the mattress. He continued the assault on my ass fucking me deeper and deeper with each thrust. I started to feel that over the edge feeling again and started to push my ass back against him and this made him thrust faster. 

Then I felt it. His cock seemed to double in size and then I felt the warm jets of sperm enter my body. After what seemed like an eternity he finished with a large grunt. He slowly withdrew his cock and I immediately felt the emptiness. My ass longed to be filled again. Before long Derek was snoring and I fell asleep with his cum dripping from my ass. 

PART III

Fast forwarding a tad......My episodes continued with Derek and I basically became his little bitch. He began to talk to me more and more and that made me want him more and more. 

One night with his parents gone for the weekend, he was sitting in the recliner. He was wearing his white boxers and I could see the outline of his beautiful cock. He told me to get on my knees and crawl over to him. He took his cock out and started to stroke it. At that moment I wanted nothing more than to take it in my mouth and taste it. 

Up to this point I had never sucked his cock before. But I was willing to try. Derek had other ideas though. He started talking nasty to me. Calling me a little bitch that loved cock. I had to agree I wanted his cock. I tried to get close but he would push me away. Finally he grabbed a hand full of my hair and pulled me toward him. I was only allowed to run my tongue up and down it. He told me to tell him how much I wanted it. How much I needed his cock in my mouth and in my ass. 

He then let me have it. I took his length in my mouth and did my best. Instinct took over and I just went to work. Bobbing up and down on his cock . I wanted to taste his cum. I must have been doing the right things because he started to moan and talk even more to me. I soon felt his cock contract and then thick jets of sperm shoot down my throat. I couldn't swallow it all as it came out of the corners of my mouth. The taste was amazing. A taste I soon began to crave. 

As his orgasm subsided I licked the rest of his cum off my fingers and off his cock. I hadn't cum yet so I was like a bitch in heat. I sucked him until his cock got hard again. He placed me on all fours and got behind me. He had never fucked me like this, but I wanted it soooo bad. He slowly entered me, teasing me, slapping my ass. Calling me his little cock slave. I started to push back against him. He wasn't having that quite yet though. I needed his cock. He slowly started to push deeper until his balls were against my ass. He then told me to fuck his cock. That was all I needed to hear. I pushed back and forth feeling this unreal sensation in my ass, I would later find out that was my prostate, I was in heaven. 

He then grabbed my hips and started pumping my butt hard. The feeling in my ass intensified and I came immediately without touching my cock. Ohhh and then I felt his hot cum enter my body again. The feeling pushed me over the edge and I came again. I couldn't believe it I was getting fucked by a guy and loving every minute of it. Little did I know I would become a bigger slut for cock.

PART 4

My fun with Derek ended after 6 glorious months of being his bitch. I longed to be fucked again but was resigned to fingering my ass and stroking my cock. It was not any fun being alone but I would fuck myself with anything I could get my hands on. Nothing could replace the feeling of a nice hard cock. The warmth and the feeling is awesome. I really missed Derek.