 Sun streamed into my hotel room, waking me from my alcohol aided slumber. My head ached, my mouth was dry and my memory of the night before was spotty at best. I heard the shower in my room running and confusion set in. I had come to the conference alone and I had no idea who could be showering in my room.

I recalled talking to a woman named Janice early at the kickoff reception and she was my best guess. She had been a pretty but heavy set woman several years my junior with nice cleavage, wide hips and beautiful eyes. I'd always had a thing for curvy women with nice eyes. A deep pang of guilt shot through me as my mind flashed to my wife at home. I had never been unfaithful before. The water stopped and my breath caught in my chest as I anxiously waited for the big reveal. My eyes grew wide as the door opened and the last person I could have imagined walked into the room.

Water glistened from his solid and very muscular body. His long flaccid cock hung over his big shaved balls, swinging from side to side as he walked confidently towards me. I looked up and our eyes met. A light shiver passed through me and a deep pit formed in my stomach. 

"Good morning Pet," he said playfully as he toweled his hair dry. My eyes locked onto his and I felt my cock begin to stir. I had never been with a man before and in fact I had never even fathomed it as a possibility. My mind began to piece together the night before and my cheeks began to flush a deep crimson.

"Hey," I replied. I smiled weakly and my hand instinctively slid down to my slowly growing dick. I was shocked to find my cock and balls shaved bare and a spark of recognition shook me. His name was Mark and he had been seated on the other side of me from Janice at the reception. He was from California and he was a presenter at the conference.

"I was hoping you would wake up before I left,' he said as he grabbed a pair of silk boxers from the floor and stepped into them. I felt a strange disappointment as his cock disappeared from view and it shook me. My mind flashed back to the night before and I remembered sitting naked on the bed, my hands exploring his taut rippled abs as his hard cock slid into my mouth so deep that tears rolled down my cheeks.

"I am," I said softly. My cock was fully erect and I squeezed it as I smiled at him. My heart was racing and while I wanted to say more I didn't know what to say. I knew his first name and that I had, at the very least, sucked his dick but my mind had yet to process or acknowledge what else I had done.

"Are you free after the afternoon session?" He asked. His big hands toyed with his silk covered package and he smiled knowingly at me.

"Sure, wanna grab dinner or something?" I asked. I had the unfamiliar desire to spend more time with him and while I still hadn't filled in most of the blanks from the night before I was pretty sure that we had made a connection that transcended sexuality. 

"Or something sounds better to me but you will have to eat to keep your strength up if we are going to continue your training," he responded with a wry smile on his handsome chiseled young face. He was at least ten years my junior but I felt this odd need to please him and a strong shudder passed through my body. 

"You do want to continue your training don't you?" He asked as his steely blue eyes bore into me awakening goosebumps all over my body. Again my mind flashed back to the night before and I remembered him shaving my chest, cock and balls and telling me that I was a good slut.

"Yes," I said softly as my hand glided over my painfully hard dick. I was openly ogling his strong body and he looked down at the movement of my hand with a disapproving glare.

"Don't you dare make yourself cum, " he said sternly, "and how is a Pet supposed to address his Master?" A deep and powerful shudder shook me. I had long harbored deeply submissive fantasies but try as I might I could never get my wife to play the dominant role. Suddenly it fell into place and a flood of memories from the night before filled my head. His eyes tore into mine and he stepped closer. I couldn't look away from his pretty eyes but I could sense his cock straining to be set free from his shiny silk boxers and I wanted it.

"Yes sir, I am sorry sir," I replied. My heart thumped mercilessly in my chest and it felt as though it would burst free at any moment. My hand slowed on my cock so I wouldn't cum and my free hand moved slowly towards his beautiful manhood.

"Ask permission slut," he demanded as his eyes continued to mind fuck me to the brink of insanity. "We both know what you want, what you need."

"Yes sir," I groaned, my voice so thick with lust it was almost unrecognizable. "Please may I suck your beautiful cock." I looked up at him with needy, pleading eyes. I could smell the fresh scent of his newly washed body and it sent me spiraling into a deep canyon of wanton desire. My breath caught in my chest as I awaited his permission to free his cock and devour him.

"You may suck my cock but you have to make me cum fast," he said pushing his boxers down. "No dallying and sucking me for hours like last night. I have to present to several hundred people in less than an hour." I remembered him telling me the night before that he was the youngest executive vice president in his firms history. 

His cock sprung from his body and slapped against my cheek. My mouth watered and I released my cock from my firm gasp and slid my hands up his beautiful body. I ran my tongue up the underside of his cock. I had spent hours licking and sucking him the night before and I felt like I knew every nuance and vein on his long circumcised dick. I wrapped my lips around the tip and swirled my tongue quickly, flicking the head as I stroked his thick smooth shaft. The briny flavor of his precum filled my mouth and brought with it more recollection. He had brought me into the men's room during the reception. I was already drunk at the time and I had willingly followed him into a stall and knelt at his feet sucking his dick and head as he stroked the shaft. I hadn't known what to do and truth be told his hand did most of the work. The entire time other conference guests streamed into the men's room unaware or unwilling to acknowledge what was happening in the big handicapped stall at the end of the row. His cum had filled my mouth andI'd that time I'd had no choice but to swallow it.

I cupped his balls and sucked noisily on his cock. His rapid breathing and trembling legs made it clear that his release was immanent and I forced the entire length of his sizable dick down my throat as he erupted with a loud grunt. His hot cream pumped down my gullet and I looked up to see his face filled with contentment as I gulped his seed like a greedy slut.

"Enjoy the seminar and I will meet you in the lobby after the afternoon session. Be there at six sharp and wear something sexy for me. Like these," he said as he reached into his overnight bag and tossed me a silk thong banana hammock.

I shuddered and squeezed my still hard dick. He finished getting dressed while I idly played with my dick. I wanted desperately to cum but that was against the rules and I knew my reward for obeying him would be worth the wait.

I watched him leave and I lay back and replayed the events of the night before. I'd noticed his commanding presence almost immediately but my attention had been centered on the cute and flirtatious Janice. The plentiful free drinks soon had us both ready to sneak up to my room for some hot drunken sex but before we did he had spoken up as the voice of reason. 

I replayed the entire conversation n my head.

"You don't want to do that, " he had said when Janice excused herself to go to the ladies room. It was the first time I had really noticed his eyes. They were pale blue and stunning but mote than that had an intensity that drew me in and held me in their grasp.

"Why not?" I recalled asking. I was drunk, horny and ready to fuck the chubby brunette despite the risks.

"For one thing you're married and besides that she is much to submissive for you, " he had answered quickly. He had correctly read both her and me and his assessment was spot on. "You need a strong dominant person to take control of you."

"And who would that be?" I had asked almost defiantly but I was both curious and frightened where he was going.

"Me," he had answered confidently. His eyes had continued to hold mine and my heart had begun to race. It took me a moment to process what he had said and when I did I looked at him quizzically.

"I'm not gay," I had replied quietly, my alcohol clouded mind trying desperately to reconcile what was happening. I had been ready to fuck a twenty something brunette and suddenly I was being propositioned by a strong, dominant and very good looking man. 

"Neither am I. I am open to any gender and I will take you exactly where you have longed to go for your entire life." His hand rested on my knee under the table and he traced small circles up my inner thigh, slowly creeping up to my fast growing cock. His soft touch was not only exciting it was welcome and I made no attempt to stop or dissuade him on his journey. The next thing I knew I'd been on my knees between his legs in the men's room sucking his cock.

I climbed out of bed and walked naked to my bathroom. My cock was so hard that it was pointed skyward and a large drop of precum oozed from the tip. I scooped it up with my finger and slid it into my mouth. It was almost as sweet as his had been and I had an overwhelming urge to find another cock to suck. What was happening to me?

The sink held remnants of my newly shaved body and I ran my hands down my smooth balls back to my taint and asshole. It too was smooth and still sore from his big hard cock. I pushed a finger inside it and moaned. It felt good and I wanted more.

Steam filled the room as the shower heated up and my eyes fell to a pair of handcuffs on the counter. I recalled the helplessness when he cuffed me to the bed. His hard cock had jutted straight out from his freakishly athletic body and it had glistened in the harsh incandescent light as he slathered lube onto it. I had been simultaneously scared and excited when he rubbed it across my tight virgin ass but I had wanted it. I had wanted anything he was willing to give and I had moaned like a wanton whore when he buried his cock in my ass. I had never felt anything like that before. The combination of pleasure, pain and pressure was intense. It had been the ultimate act of submission and it was life altering in every conceivable way. I knew I would never be satisfied with straight vanilla sex again.

Most of my day was a blur and I felt like I was walking through the motions in a daze. I was waiting for him at six when he walked confidently into the lobby. His shaggy blonde hair and blue eyes drew the attention of several women as he glided past them but his gaze was affixed on me. I felt my heart race and a surge of blood rushed to my cock making the skimpy thong feel tight, restrictive and incredibly sexy. 

"You look good pet," he said as he brushed the back of his hand across my cheek. It was an oddly intimate gesture that was out of character for our purely sexual relationship and yet I liked it. It made me feel desirable and sexy.

"Thank you Sir," i replied. The words flowed naturally as though I had been saying them my whole life and yet their meaning was not lost on either of us.

"Let's roll," he said as he walked out towards the valet parking stand. His car, a Cadillac Escallade, was already there and we climbed in. He fished his semi erect dick from his suit pants and looked at me expectantly as he pulled out onto the Vegas strip. I quickly unfastened my seatbelt and leaned over the console, taking his soft spongy meat into my mouth. He tasted salty like sweat and there was something very sexy about that. It was him, all natural and primal and he grew rigid in my eager mouth. 

"Just practice sucking it pet," he said in a low moan letting me know he was enjoying my mouth as much as I was enjoying his delicious cock. 

My head bobbed slowly and I savored the feel of it on my lips and in my throat. His flavor changed as his precum flowed and I sucked him until we pulled into the parking lot of a club I had never been to before.

"Where are we Sir?" I asked as he parked in the back of the dimly lit parking lot.

"That's two," he said sternly. "I will tell you what you need to know. Do we understand each other?"

"Yes Sir, I am sorry Sir, it will not happen again," I replied sincerely as I bowed my head

He ordered me to stand by the car, pull my pants down and wait for him. His bare hand stung as it crashed against my naked flesh but I took my punishment silently and with dignity. I was sore and still stinging as he led me into the club. The crowd was thankfully sparse and comprised almost entirely of leather clad men. I felt them eying us both and my cheeks flushed knowing that I was being checked out by a room full of gay men. 

"Stay here," he said as he left the table and walked to the bar. After a brief conversation he handed the bartender some money and returned to my side. "Take your cloths off but leave the thong. You are the entertainment for the next hour."

I hesitated and looked at him to see if he was serious. 

"That's five more in the parking lot when you are done." 

I quickly undressed and the music started to play. My hips swayed and I moved to a table of well build young men. Their hands groped and grabbed at me and I let them. I felt my cock begin to stir which led to hoots and hollers and a plethora of bills stuffed into my thong. 

Sweat soaked my skin and my erect cock peered out from the top of my silk thong. It glistened with precum and I ached for release. I had never needed to cum more in my life. My entire body was on fire and my mind was reeling. 

I handed him a wad of bills and he led me out to the car wearing just my thong. He bent me over the hood and I waited anxiously until his hand slapped me hard. Two more followed before he suddenly stopped. I heard voices and I desperately wanted to look but like a well trained pet I kept my eyes forward and waited for my final two swats. 

I felt them more than saw them. Their cocks rubbed against my bare ass sending a shiver down my spine. I had therefore only seen my masters beautiful cock but they were now part of my training and when he turned me towards them and ordered me to suck them both while he finished punishing me I obeyed him without hesitation.

The taste of their cum was fresh in my mouth and my ass was still sore as we drove back to our hotel. Master had fucked my ass while I sucked them both and swallowed all of their cum. He, however, hadn't finished and my eyes were transfixed on his bulging cock as he drove.

"You liked that didn't you Pet," he said as he reached over and squeezed my silk covered cock making me moan wantonly.

"Yes Sir, I did," I answered quickly and honestly.

"You like being a slut. Dancing for strange men and sucking the dicks of men whose names you don't even know?"

"Yes Sir, it's how I am wired and even though I had never even dreamed of doing things like that before last night and certainly not with men, now I can't imagine not doing them with anyone who wants me. I will do anything you ask of me Sir. I am yours to do with as you please. I know we just met but I trust you implicitly Sir. You own me." I felt a rush of excitement as the words spilled from my mouth.

"What about your wife?" He asked. His hand moved slowly up and down my cock, milking precum from it as he waited for my reply.

"She will have to understand Sir because then you will own her too."

He smiled and tossed me a short pair of running shorts and a tight tee shirt to wear through the lobby and back to my room.

"Take your clothes off," he ordered when we entered the room and I quickly stripped bare. I no longer felt self conscious or embarrassed being naked in front of him. My cock stood at half mass as he stepped closer and pressed his lips against mine. It was the first time we had kissed and his long tongue plunged aggressively into my hungry mouth. I sucked on it as though it was a miniature cock and shamelessly rubbed my naked body against his expensive italian silk suit. He ordered me to undress him and then he bent me over in front of the window. His slippery cock eased deep into my bowels and he fucked me hard in full view of the adjacent rooms. I didn't care who saw us and it added to my excitement knowing that anyone who looked would see my hard cock bouncing as my master fucked my ass.

I felt his dick grow as cum surged through it and erupted into my well fucked ass. He continued to fuck me hard and then gave me permission to cum as long as I caught my cream in my hand and licked it clean. 

"Thank you Sir, " I groaned as cum.spilled into my hand. I quickly slurped my seed into my mouth. I looked into his eyes and I held my cum in my mouth, savoring the delicious salty flavor. I swallowed it and then dutifully cleaned his spent dick with a wash cloth as his cream oozed from my ass. 

"Put this on," he said as he tossed me a black leather collar with the word OWNED stitched on it. "This will do until we can get you something more permanent." I shuddered.

I fastened the collar around my neck and modeled it for him. It felt good. It felt comfortable and right and I swooned with pride as his eyes traveled slowly up and down my body.

"Now get dressed. I want to show you off," he ordered. 

He wore his suit and I wore a tight black tee shirt and tight jeans with my collar clearly visible as we headed down to the casino. I found his confidence and demeanor intoxicating. It was a pleasure just being around him and while he was not big on public displays of affection he did surprise me with the occasional touch.

We stood at the craps table and the energy was electric. I could feel her eyes on us and I knew in an instant that she was in the lifestyle. I was obviously new to the lifestyle myself but I had seen and read enough to know that the key around her neck was for her husband's chastity cage. Her dark hair was worn short but stylish and she had gorgeous smoldering dark eyes. Her pretty eyes met mine and she smiled knowingly. I got a wicked thrill at being found out and within minutes she and her cuckolded husband were standing next to us.

"Do you boys want to party," she asked in a low sultry voice. Her eyes held mine and she brushed her small hand across my cock making it instantly hard.

"We'd love to. Do you want to come up to our room?" Master asked her and before I knew it we were in his suite.

Her name was Samantha, her husband was Kyle. She'd been cuckolding him for most of their marriage but she had only been locking him in a chastity cage for a few months. 

Samantha pulled her tight black dress over her head, revealing that she was totally naked underneath. She had a stunning body with big, firm and likely enhanced tits, a small waist, a flat stomach and curvy hips. Her pussy was neatly trimmed but still furry and a pretty piercing adorned her clit hood.

She locked her eyes on mine and sauntered across the room towards me.

"I'm gonna eat you up," she purred as she pulled my shirt off and raked her long, painted nails down my chest leaving deep red welts in their wake.

My eyes flashed to my Master and he nodded, giving me permission to do whatever she wanted.

She dropped to her knees and her bright red lips wrapped around my turgid dick. I closed my eyes and fought hard not to cum. I hadn't climaxed in several hours and only once all day despite my near constant state of arousal so I was ready almost immediately as her talented mouth worked my dick like a pro.
