 What the Driver Saw

...coming home from the bachelor party

I worked for this company for a little over a year. It was a nice enough place and the pay was good. It was a little different than other places in that everyone kept to themselves. It wasn't that they were unfriendly. Everyone shared small talk before meetings and things like that. But there was very little talk between people up and down the rows of cubes were we all worked. 

One of my co-workers was named Mike and he was getting married soon. He came up to me one day and mentioned that his friends were giving him a bachelor party. I congratulated him on is upcoming marriage and wished him luck. He asked if I would concede to being his designated driver for the evening. 

We had talked a few times before, but I didn't really know him that well. He struck me as a pretty straight-laced guy. I wondered just how rowdy he and his buddies would get. Not very was my guess. I was flattered that he thought enough of me to ask and accepted. 

So that Friday night I went to Mike's apartment. We waited around for Dave, his best man, to show up before heading to the strip club to meet the others. Dave was married and giving Mike all kinds of advice about marriage on the way there in the car. 

The others were waiting for us at the club. They seemed like a nice enough guys, not really your hard core type of partier. I could tell they had known each other for a long time by the way they talked to each other. 

Mike had a few beers, but still didn't look all that happy to be there. The other guys were giving him grief just the same. I was enjoying the banter and living vicariously through the bullshit since I couldn't drink. 

The guys had a table right next to the stage. Dave ordered drinks for everyone. Mike's buddies handed him a bunch of dollar bills to stuff in the girl's g-string. With the typical badgering, Mike finally got up there and started dropping dollars. Once they realized it was his bachelor party, the girls came around often. 

Now usually it is me in there talking shit and getting things going. But being the driver, I sat back and observed everyone else. Being stone cold sober, which had to be a first, it was actually pretty interesting watching everyone else as they got drunk and loosened up. 

Mike was having a good time, but it seemed to me he was doing it more for his buddies. His best man Dave was definitely having a good time making sure Mike had plenty to drink and always had some dollars in his hand. 

Naturally as the night wore on they became louder and louder. The girls were used to it and didn't care. Dave ordered a round of shooters and they made a big deal about throwing them down. 

I could tell that Mike was not that big a drinker. I didn't really think any of them were. They were making a night of it, but they were all pretty shit-faced. Dave ordered up lap dances for Mike and the girls were really laying it on thick. 

After about the sixth lap dance, Mike gave me the look. He was shit-faced and ready to go. I moved in and told the rest of them that we were headed home. There was the typical bitching and moaning about what a pussy Mike was for being shit-faced, but Dave and I helped him to the car and poured him into the back seat. Dave slid in next to him and I drove us home. 

That's when things got really interesting. 

Dave was reliving every single girl we had seen in the place, but Mike was barely conscious. Every now and then he would mutter something like 'she was hot...' but that was about all he could manage. 

I heard some rustling, but didn't give it much thought. But then I thought I heard a slight moan coming from the backseat. I glanced into the rearview mirror and saw Mike leaning against the door basically passed out. Dave was sitting right next to him. I mean their thighs had to be touching each other and that struck me as strange. Why was he sitting so close? 

I drove a little further before I checked the rearview again. When I did I couldn't see Dave. Where the hell did he go? I grabbed the rearview and aimed it downward expecting to see him passed out on the floor of the car. What I saw was Dave hunched over Mike's lap. Mike was still passed out leaning against his door. 

I adjusted the mirror and realized that Dave had Mike's cock out and was busy sucking it! Mike didn't look like he realized what was happening although he was smiling. But now that Dave had his cock in his mouth, he was taking his time and really worshipping that thing. 

It was all very weird. I wasn't sure what to do, if anything. I didn't really know these guys. Mike just had this lame grin on his face leaning against the door with his eyes closed as his buddy gave him a hummer. I wasn't at all sure Mike had any idea who was sucking his cock. 

I'm not really into that kind of thing, but watching Dave was making me hard as hell. I knew he was married, but he sure seemed to like that cock. I just couldn't see Mike and him together. Mike definitely didn't strike me as the kind of guy that would do that kind of thing. Neither did Dave for that matter. I think he was just drunk, horny and decided to go for it. Mike was too shit-faced to really figure it out. 

But he wasn't too shit-faced to catch a nut. Mike kind of grunted and then emptied his balls straight into Dave's mouth. Dave drank it down and licked Mike's cock clean before stuffing it back into his pants. Mike was out cold after that. 

I drove in silence until we got to the apartment. I glanced at Dave every now and then in the rearview knowing this guy just swallowed a gallon of his buddy's cum. He was shit-faced too, but not nearly as much as Mike. 

Once we got to the apartment, Dave helped me get Mike up the stairs and into his bed. Dave pulled Mike's shirt and pants off. For a second I thought he might try to suck his cock again from the way he was looking at it. But he pulled the covers up over his buddy and we walked into the den. 

"Hey man, are you okay? Do you need me to drive you home?" I asked. Dave looked at me as if he was thinking about it. 

"If you don't mind hanging out for a minute or two, let me see, then I can answer that," Dave said plopping down in a chair. 

"Sure...okay," I said sitting across from him. 

"That was one hell of a party," Dave smiled.

"Yeah...you look like you really enjoyed yourself," I said. Dave gave me a look. Then I realized he might have misinterpreted what I said. 

"I guess you saw what I did in the car?" he said testing the water. 

"Ah...yeah, I did," I said trying to sound nonjudgmental. "But that's okay. It's none of my business." 

"Mike would freak out if he realized what I did." 

"Ah...are you saying that was the first time?" 

"With Mike. He doesn't go for that sort of thing." 

"I thought you were married." 

"I am. But she doesn't have a cock," he giggled. "Have you ever done anything like that?" 

"Well...no, I haven't." 

"You have never had your cock sucked by a guy before?" 

"No." 

"Would you like too?" 

"Ah, no thanks." 

"Guys do it better than girls. And the chances are we are never going to see each other again. I would like to suck your cock." 

"Is there any beer left?" I asked looking towards the kitchen. He smiled. He fetched a beer from the kitchen and handed it to me. I popped the top and took a swig. Dave dropped to his knees and wedged himself between my legs. 

I never had sex with a guy before, never even thought about it. I don't know why I was thinking about it now, except the opportunity presented itself. There had been no talk of me doing anything but supplying the dick. That was something I could do. 

"You're right, I'm married," Dave said as he unzipped my pants. "I don't do this sort of thing very often." He had my pants undone and signaled for me to hop up so he could pull them down. He yanked them down to my knees with my underwear fully exposing my cock. And yes it was hard. 

He smiled, took it in his hand, "But when I do, I really get into it." He leaned forward and planted a kiss right on the tip. I grabbed my beer and took another swig. It looked like this was going to be good. I spread my legs a little, "I understand. Be my guest." 

His eyes glazed over a little as he slipped my cock past his lips. He worked his tongue around the head a few times and than once up the slit. I grunted. I wasn't expecting that. 

Then he pushed down on my shaft taking as much as he could into his mouth. I was surprised when he made it all the way to my pubes. Most girls never get that far. I took another swig from my beer thinking this was going to be better than I thought. 

He pulled back up and then slowly worked back down. He was right; it was very different from a girl. Most girls are just trying to get you off as fast as they can. They don't particularly enjoy the process. Old Dave was savoring my cock like it was his last meal. 

"You have a very nice cock," he said pulling off and stroking it. 

This was new ground for me. I wasn't sure what the proper etiquette was for responding to a married man sucking your cock. So I just sat there and stared at him. I think I managed a faint grin. 

"Mind if I lick your balls?" he said on his way there. His tongue felt divine. He licked one several times and then he licked the other. Not a single girl had licked my balls. I found it strangely erotic. I was already hard of course, but now I was starting to get turned on. 

"Sure...go ahead," I said through tight lips. He was in no particular hurry. He stroked my cock with one hand while he held my balls in the other. He ran his tongue over them slowly, and dare I say, sensuously. 

He licked his way up my shaft, traced the head and kissed the tip once again. Then he swooped down quickly causing me to moan involuntarily. I took my eyes off him just long enough to take another chug of beer. This guy really knew what he was doing. 

He slowly raked his lips, tongue and mouth up and down the length of my cock actually causing shivers to go up my spine. To say it was the best blowjob I had experienced was an understatement. To think it was being delivered by a heterosexual male blew my mind. 

I bite my lip and continued to watch. Up and down he went, so slowly I could feel every inch. When he used his tongue, it was unbelievable. He traced along my most sensitive nerves as if he had designed my cock in the first place. 

It was if I wasn't there. He was solely focused on my cock. I was getting closer by the second. I grabbed my thighs and squeezed hoping to make it last a bit longer. I watched his lips pressed tightly against the shaft. I moaned, shifted in my seat. I watched my glistening cock disappear and reappear. I squeezed tighter on my thighs. 

He pulled up and stopped with his lips just beyond the head. Just the tip of my cock was within his control. Then he did something I had never experienced before. He quickly worked his lips back and forth over that last inch of cock. 

"Oh shit." 

It was driving me crazy. He continued to do it very rapidly, back and forth, just the last inch. I could feel my heart rate climbing. All of my senses were now focused on my cock. I moved my hands to the chair bottom and held on. I could feel it coming, felt it like never before.

"Aw yeah," I moaned throwing my head back. That's when he went straight down to my pubes. It was simply too much. 

I held onto the chair bottom as that first wave came streaming out with enough force to blow a hole in the back of his head. 

"Shhhhhhhhhhhiiiiiiiiitttttt." 

Dave moaned as he swallowed that blast just in time for the next. My cock exploded a good six or seven times with such intensity, such force that it actually hurt. Old Dave managed to suck down every drop.

My body, my muscles went slack. I was just a glob of flesh huddled on that chair. Dave kissed the tip of my cock one last time, gave it one long last look and got to his feet. 

"I think I can drive home," he said putting on his coat. "Thanks." 

That was the last I saw on him.

It was odd facing Mike at work that Monday. He thanked me for driving. He got married that next weekend and has been happily married ever since. To this day I have no idea if he knew Dave sucked his cock in the car.