 I got to work late that day because I spent some time at the park before I got to work. I have been weak and not getting any sex from my wife, making me even more weak. So I woke up this morning and decided to see what might be up at the park. 

On this day I gave a young man the blowjob of his lifetime. He will be hard pressed to find a woman who can make him cum as quick as I did. Personally I take pride in my oral ability. Everything I have learned about sucking cocks, I learned from my wife, and she says I never pay attention to her.

When I got to the park, there were only two vehicles in the parking lot. A yellow Volkswagen and an older small brown Toyota pickup. As I pulled into a parking spot, I saw a young man walking away from the restrooms towards the ramp next to the pick-up. He looked to be in his mid twenties with light brown, shoulder length hair he had pulled back in a ponytail. He wore cloth shorts that reminded me of the kind you would wear if you were working out. Unfortunately those kind of shorts are too baggy to give anyone an idea of the size of a man's package. With a clean T-shirt that had some sort of design on it, you could see he had a trim figure as the shirt was cut off half way at his flat belly. Sporting a nice tan it looked like he spent a good deal of time in the sun. His build was about the same as mine but he stood taller, probably about 6 feet tall. 

I got out of my truck and walked past the brown truck towards the ramp. As I headed up the ramp to the sidewalk that leads to the restroom, I passed the young man on his way down the ramp. As we walked past each other, we both nodded politely. When I reached the top of the ramp, I looked back and saw him messing with some carpenter tools in the back of the truck, so I guess his tan comes from working in the sun all day. When I entered the restroom, I made a beeline for the toilet stall. I locked the door just enough to hold it closed, but loose enough that a small nudge would open it. I wanted to make sure that if someone wanted a blow-job, they could get in without me standing up to open the door for them. 

After unbuckling my shorts and dropping them to the floor, I pulled down my underware and sat on the toilet. As I sat there, I tried my best to get my dick hard. I probably sat there about ten minutes before I heard some footsteps outside. One of the things I like about the public restroom here is the way you can see who comes through the door. There is a space of about a half-inch between the door and the metal door jam. Sitting on the toilet allows one to get a good look at who is coming into the restroom. From outside the stall it is too small of a crack to see much more then someone is in here. So, as I looked through the space, I saw the young guy from the truck walk into the restroom. I could see him as he hesitated for a brief moment to see if anyone was in the stall. Just before he moved out of view toward the urinals, I could see his hand rub his crotch. It was just enough to make my mouth water for what he might have to offer. I was getting nervous as I heard him pissing into the metal urinal, because I thought that maybe that's all he was here for. Usually when a guy wants a blow job, he will not pee. He will just stand at the urinal, waiting for someone to offer him what he wants. So when this guy started peeing, and then he pissed a lot, I thought for sure he would leave after he was finished. Even though I was nervous, my little dick started to stiffen as I imagined how big his manhood he might be. 

It seemed like he pissed forever before he finished. I could hear his piss hit the metal urinal in spats, and I imagined watching him shake off the last drops from his cock. Then there was silence, not a sound. I did not see him leaving and he wasn't making any noise. I leaned towards the metal wall that separates the area and put my ear next to it. I could hear a faint slapping sound and his quiet moan as he obviously enjoyed himself. So the young guy is horny, he just needed to piss first. I waited a few minutes for him to really get horny, then I made my move. Breaking the silence, I spoke up and asked him,

"Sure takes a long time to shake off the last drops there."

He answered back with a laugh as he told me,

"I'm not shaking off piss."

As he was talking he stepped back and nudged the door, and just like I planned, it opened with out me having to unlock it. I was prepared for almost anything, but not for him to be completely naked as he stepped into view. He stood in the opening with his shorts and T-shirt in his left hand and a half-hard cock in his right hand. While he cut a nice figure of a man, all I had eyes for was the meat in his right hand. He was tanned from head to toe, accept where his shorts had covered him while he worked. His cock was about five or six inches and his balls were large as they hung down between his thighs. While he stood about three feet from me he stroked his cock, but as I said it was only semi-hard. His whole body was hairless accept for his head, even his balls were smoothly shaved. I looked him in the eyes and asked, 

"You need relief?"

He smiled and as he held his cock up, he walked towards me. As he approached, I opened my mouth and helped him guide his manhood into my mouth. As his cock slid into my mouth I could her him say, ever so quietly,

"Mmmm... I like blow jobs."

It did not take long for me to have this very good-looking young man pumping my face with his groin. I started sucking on his cock and felt his hand on my head as his hips started humping towards me. I cupped his balls with my right hand and started fondling them as I sucked on the head of his cock, then I pulled back and told him,

"We better close the door and lock it."

He looked over his shoulder and exclaimed,

"Woe, yeah I guess so. I hope it's safe."

I responded by assuring him it would be ok, then I said to him,

"It'll be even safer if we move over to the corner, so if someone does come in, they cannot see us."

He agreed and moved into the corner. With his back against the corner, I got on my knees in front of him and started running my hand up and down his shaft. It was still wet from my saliva and I wanted to get him a little harder before I took him back into my mouth. Soon his cock was stiffer and every bit 6 1/2 inches from groin to the tip. As I held his cock in my hand I opened my mouth and slowly started sucking the head of his cock. I slowly went down on him and then backed off, almost all the way, but not quite letting it leave my mouth. I then went down on his manhood again and held it in my mouth as I swirled my tongue around it for a few moments. I heard him moan in approval as his hips shuddered just a bit. I could taste the distinct flavor of salty precum as it oozed from his still semi erect cock. I started to work his cock with my mouth by letting him push his cock in and out of me. I had my hands on his hips and was helping him pump his cock in and out of my mouth at a good clip. After a few moments my lips were starting tingle and my jaw was getting sore. That's when I slowed things down a bit and started to slowly lift my head off his shaft until I just had the head of his cock in my mouth. I twirled my tongue around the head and soon I could taste his precum ooze from the tip again. I stopped and pulled my mouth off him and looked up into his face. He had a shit eating grin on his face that reminded me of the cat that ate the canary, I said in the most compassionate voice I could muster, 

"You have a great cock, and I really enjoy sucking it. Have you ever gotten a blowjob from a guy before?"

He looked down and said,

"No, but I always wanted to see what it would be like."

I responded with a smile and said'

"Well, I really like sucking cock, and you have a nice one. I hope I don't disappoint you. I also love swallowing cum, so when you get ready to unload, just grab my head and shove your cock into my mouth like it's cunt. Just close your eyes and think of the most beautiful woman you know. Fantasize that you are pounding her cunt, and you are ready to fill her with your juice. Grab her ass and bury your cock when it's time, and I'll swallow every drop you have to offer."

I looked at his eyes, and as I finished telling him, they closed and I could hear him quietly say ok. I redirected my attention back to his manhood and lowered my mouth onto his cock again. As I sucked his cock I started to get real horny, and wanted his cock in my throat. I had been practicing how to deep-throat by swallowing whole bananas and other cock shaped items. I wanted to make sure I would not gag, so I learned to control my gag reflex. Well, as I said I was so horny, I could not wait, so I opened up and slowly slid his cock into my mouth, and past my tongue. When the head of his cock hit the small of my throat, I remembered what my wife said to me once. She had just finished giving a friend of mine a blowjob, and I asked her how she was able to swallow him all the way. After all his cock was almost 7 inches long. She told me she just relaxed her throat muscles and let it slide in while she breathed through her nose. So, I did the same thing. With my throat muscles relaxed, I just shoved my head down and his cock popped into my thoat like it was the most natural thing to do. It must have really felt good to him, because his whole body shook when his cock slipped into my throat. I heard him mumble,

"Oh, man thats tight, ohhhh that feels soooo gooood."

Because his cock slid into my throat like it was nothing, I started popping the head in and out of my throat. Then I held it in and swallowed him as far as it would go. I had my lips pressed against his clean shaved groin. After a few moments I had to let him all the way out so I could catch my breath. My eyes were watering and my whole face felt slimy from saliva and precum. Slowly I lowered my head back onto his cock and let him take control for a few moments. As I healed my head stiff and my mouth open, he started pumping his cock in and out of my face. Soon he was grabbing my head real firmly and trying to shove his cock all the way down my throat. I went with the ride and soon he had his cock buried in my throat. His hips were humping my face as his cock pretty much stayed in my throat. By now I was able to breathe through my nose and he was just holding me into his groin. I wasn't sure how long this would last, but he was in complete control now. I can only imagine what the woman he was thinking of looked like. I could hear him moaning louder and louder, and then I heard him almost scream,

"I'm going to cummmmm,"

With his cock buried in my throat and him humping my face like it was a cunt, I could feel his whole body start shaking. He grabbed me by the back of my head even harder and started to squeeze my scalp like it was a woman's ass cheeks. In anticipation of his sperm that was ready to shoot, I grabbed him by his ass and pulled him into me to hold him in place. I wanted every drop this young stud had to give, and I was not letting go until he was finished. Then I could feel it oozing in spurts. His warm man juice was being deposited down my throat, and it felt so warm. He kept humping my face like it was a woman's groin, as he moaned and shuddered with every spurt of cum entering my throat. What seemed like an eternity, was over as soon as it started. There was no more sperm coming from his cock, but he refused to let go. Like a man who just unloaded his sperm into his woman's pussy, but cannot bring himself to let go of her. This guy held my face into his groin for was must have been two or three minutes. For him a brief moment, but if your the one with a cock in your throat, it seemed like forever. I swallowed every drop of sperm he had to offer, but I now needed to breathe. Finally he relented and let loose his grip. After his cock left my throat I felt proud of myself that I never gagged. 

As I felt his cock slide out of my mouth I had the urge to start sucking his cock some more, which only made him shudder more. I wanted to let him know I enjoyed it as much as he did so just before I let his cock out of my mouth I held it for a moment and closed my lips around the head. I pulled him towards me again as I licked it with my tongue and reveled in the way his hips buckled as he tried to pull it out of my mouth, but I had such a hold on his ass that he could not pull it out. After a few moments that must have seemed like an eternity to him, I let his cock slip from my mouth like it was a lollypop. I tried to get every last drop of wetness off his manhood as it left my lips but it was impossible, because little drops of sperm kept slowly drooling out of his cock. When I finally let his cock out of my mouth, it dropped down hitting my chin and leaving a string of sperm from my mouth to my chin. I looked up at him as I took my right hand off his ass and collected the sperm on my chin with my finger and licked it clean. I stood halfway up and sat back on the toilet, my face was a mess. My eyes were all wet from the reaction of taking his cock so deep in my throat but I smiled and said,

"Mmm, finger licken good."

Looking down at me, he paused for a moment with a look of bewilderment on his face. Finally in a soft almost out of breath type of voice he said, 

" I have never gotten off so quickly, or so powerfully as I just did. I don't even think I was completely hard yet." 

I shook my head and looked at him as I said, 

"That is the first time anyone has shot his load straight down my throat like that." 

I wanted him to be impressed with me so I lied. He would never know, and besides I just gave him the best blowjob he has ever had. He will spend a good part of his life trying to get a woman to do what I just did for him. In all honesty, I did have one other guy shoot his wad straight down my throat. It happened almost four years earlier, while Sharee was in the hospital at UC Davis. He was an older guy from Sacramento, who was in town for business. I met him late one night at the Onemile Park area, and I gave him a blowjob he said was one of the best he ever had. Well, the young guy put his cloths on and left. I waited a few and then left my self. As I was walking towards the parking lot I saw him standing off to the side and he still had a look of bewilderment about him. I smiled at the young good looking guy, hoping I would see him again. 

As much as we both had fun, this all took about ten minutes to accomplish. Affairs are cheep and quick, as long as you don't mind taking one in the mouth. There is always some guy that needs relief, and I knew that if I got here early enough I would find some guy who needed some relief from a morning hard.