 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome.

Hello and welcome to the third chapter of this new story. Before I go into writing, I would like to apologize for the late post. I am back to school now and I have to balance between writing, school work and personal things hence the late post. But I will not stop writing. I will deliver to you guys because I love you.

I just hope you will enjoy this chapter as much as I did while writing. I love you...

Feel the passion...

***

Praveen slowly opened his eyes, realizing that it was already morning. He slowly moved his eyes on the other side of the bed and noticed that his husband wasn't in there with him. He took a deep breath, getting up from the bed. He stretched his arms, yawned and just smiled. It was his first day as a married man and he had no idea what to do but he was absolutely sure that he was gonna make everything perfect. He had no idea where his husband was and he honestly didn't wanna look for him.

"Oh my God!" He gasped, quickly getting up from the bed. "Shit! I have overslept!"

Praveen couldn't believe he had just woken up at such a time. It was almost 9:30 am and he had never woken up as late as he did at that time. He was really panicking especially with the thought that he was in his in-laws' house. It was really scary.

"What do I do?" He gripped his hair, pulling on it hard. "I wonder what they are even thinking of me. How could I have overslept?"

He tried to just breathe and... 

"Calm down!" He said to himself. "I am sure that they won't think anything of you."

At that moment he realized that he needed to get out of the room. His heart was pounding deep in his chest and he was breathing harshly. Somehow, he was wondering why Antonio hadn't woken him when he had woken up. But he just decided to drop it.

He quickly made the bed and started heading to the bathroom before he noticed his bag near the bed. That only meant that his clothes had arrived and he didn't even get to see the person that had brought the bag to the room. This was definitely embarrassing.

He quickly rushed to the bathroom to take a quick bath and then head downstairs. He reached the shower and it sure was modern technology because there were quite a number of buttons but good for him he had seen a shower just like that during one of their high school trips. They had been staying at a five star hotel and he was happy he had gone to that trip otherwise it would have been embarrassing going downstairs to ask someone for help.

"I gotta do this quickly."

He took off his clothes, entered the beautiful shower and turned it on. The water was warm. It made him feel relaxed and cool. The warm water sliding on his back felt magical and it massaged him. He closed his eyes and just enjoyed the wonderful morning shower.

For a second he forgot he had been in a hurry. A number of seconds passed before he came back to himself and started washing himself as quickly and quietly as he could be at that time. He had to hurry and go downstairs before they started thinking he was still sleeping.

***

Antonio slowly came downstairs, heading towards the dining table. He was feeling a little tired although he had just woken up. Guess the day before had made him really exhausted. He didn't even shower but he was gonna do that later. He had just woken and found the annoying boy beside him. He was really pissed that he had furiously left the room.

He was putting on a beautiful yellow short with a black T-shirt and blue sandals. He was really hungry and he had no idea why he was that hungry. He could hear voices coming from the dining and knew that his family was having breakfast.

He went to the dining and found the rest of his family having their wonderful breakfast. It was just French toast, coffee, curried rice, sausage and fruits. Seeing how much food was on the table brought him so much happiness but not entirely.

"Hey, there is our little groom." Granny chuckled when she saw him. "How are you?"

Antonio gave his granny a half smile, quickly rushing to her. He placed a kiss on her cheek and sat down next to her. She started putting food on a plate for him because she knew that he was really hungry. She needed to make sure her grandson was well fed.

"I am okay, granny." He sighed, looking at his plate. "Thanks."

"Oh!" She mourned, ruffling through his hair. She couldn't believe how much her grandson had grown. He was now a married man. "You don't know how happy I am today seeing you like this. This is the first day as a married man. You are no longer a bachelor, my son."

"Yes!" Emilia smiled brightly at him. "You have grown so much, baby. I am proud of you."

He smiled softly and started having his breakfast. Meanwhile, Andrea was just rolling her eyes in disgust. It wasn't like her brother had a choice. But she was gonna make them realize what sort of mistake they had made by bringing the stupid boy in the house.

"I can see you are really hungry." Eduardo teased, smiling at him. "How was your first night as a married man, bro?"

Hearing his brother's question, Antonio stopped eating and looked at his brother without saying anything to him. He looked at everyone on the table and could see that they were smiling except for Andrea who was just rolling her eyes.

"Err..." He stammered. 

"Come on," Granny, looked at Eduardo. "Let him have his breakfast, okay? Stop teasing him."

"Okay." Eduardo raised his hands as if he was surrendering. "I will do that but that doesn't mean I won't ask later."

They all started eating in silence until granny realized something,

"Speaking of Praveen, where is he?" She asked, looking everywhere. "Shouldn't you have come down with him?"

Antonio got a little angry but he had to control himself in front of his granny and mother. It wasn't like he was Praveen's bodyguard. He didn't give a fuck about him. He didn't care if Praveen died in his sleep which by the way would be great.

"He's still asleep?" He said simply, taking a sip of his coffee.

"Hmm, guess he must be tired." Emilia said with a smile. "A lot happened yesterday and..."

"And sleeping in a comfortable bed as my brother's, why should he wake up early?" Andrea said in a rude tone. "It's the first time he's sleeping in such a bed and..."

"Andrea!" Granny scolded, raising her voice.

"What?" She shrugged, raising her eyebrows. "Isn't it the truth? I am sure everyone is thinking it but I am the only with the guts to say it. Besides, have I said anything wrong?"

"Please, shut up?" Emilia said angrily, giving her a cold look. "Praveen is your brother in law now and please, keep that foul attitude of yours to yourself before you ruin everyone's breakfast."

"But I was..."

"I don't want to repeat myself." She angrily looked at her daughter. "Praveen is just tired and besides, he's new here."

"Emilia is right." Granny agreed, moving her eyes to Emilia. "Why don't you go and check up on him?"

Emilia smiled brightly. "Yes!" she nodded. "I will go do that and I think I will also take him his breakfast."

Hearing her mother's words, Andrea just looked at her as if she was a stranger. "Can you hear yourself, mom?" She chuckled bitterly. "He's your son in law and not your boss. He's just been here for a few hours and yet you are doing this. If you ask me then I think it should be the other way around and..."

"Andrea!" Emilia yelled, furiously rising from the chair. "Seriously, you are ruining my good mood right now and I don't like it. Whatever I choose to do for my son in law is none of your business. By the way," She folded her arms on her chest. "What's wrong with you today? It seems like you've woken up in a bad mood."

"I am fine," She inhaled deeply. 

"Then I suggest you change that attitude of yours this minute." She warned. "I don't want any of your drama when Praveen comes down here."

She shook her head and left the dining room leaving Andrea who simply lost her appetite because of the way her mother had just spoken to her. She really hated it and she was gonna get back on Praveen very soon and it was a promise. 

Antonio was awfully quiet. He had nothing to say even though deep down he was really mad because of what his mother was doing. She was supposed to be bringing food to him and not the stupid boy. Anyway, he needed to get ready because he was gonna be out of the house very soon.

***

Praveen came out of the bathroom combing his long hair. He was wearing a beautiful smile which he had no idea came from. He was putting on a yellow t-shirt, black skinny jean and brown sandals. He was looking really handsome even in ordinary clothes.

He took a band, tied his hair into a ponytail and wore his spectacles. He was now ready to go outside even though it was making him really nervous.

He took a deep breath, ready to go downstairs before he heard a knock on the door. He had no idea who had come to the room. Maybe it was his husband. But why would he knock if it was his room, he thought as he got even more nervous?

"Come in!" He said in a small voice.

As soon as he said that, the door opened and the beautiful smiling Emilia came inside with a tray of wonderfully made food. Praveen froze and just stood still, looking at her as she came in. When he saw the tray of food she was carrying, he got even more scared. He had no idea what to do or what to say to her.

"Good morning, Praveen?" She greeted, putting the tray on the table. "How did you sleep?"

"I...I..." He stammered, staring at her as if she had just developed another head. "I am fine, ma'am."

"Ma'am?" Emilia raised her eyebrow, moving closer to him. "Why did you call me that? You are married to my son now and I am your mother now, okay?"

Praveen nodded and tried to make himself calm. "Yes, ma'a..." He paused and cleared his voice. "I mean, mother."

"Good!" Emilia smiled, rubbing on his cheeks. "That's really nice, Praveen. Anyway," She took a deep breath. "I brought you breakfast and..."

"What?" He gasped, looking at the tray. "Why would you do that, mother?"

"Why?" She gave him a suspicious look.

"You shouldn't have done that, mother." He said softly, looking down. "I was about to come downstairs."

"Really?" She chuckled, dropping her hand on his shoulder. "And what's wrong with a mother bringing food for her son?"

"I..."

"I don't wanna hear anything from you." She said softly. "Just have your breakfast because I know you are very hungry, especially after a day like the one you had yesterday."

Praveen gave her a smile and nodded. She led him to the table, made coffee for him and served his food. Praveen started having his breakfast and it was the most delicious breakfast he had ever had. There was so much food on the tray that he couldn't believe it was all his.

Emilia was staring at him while he ate and that smile on her face spoke everything for her. Praveen couldn't see it because he was busy having his breakfast but Emilia was extremely happy. Not only did she finally fulfill her husband's final wish but she had brought in the boy she knew was gonna make her entire family happy. He was different from the others.

"Praveen, I am really happy that you are finally in my son's life." She said with her ever glowing smile. "You have no idea how long I have been praying for this day."

Praveen raised his head and just nodded. He couldn't find any word to say to her. He was absolutely speechless especially after what she had done for him.

"You are now married to my son and that's really important." She chuckled, rubbing on his cheek. "I am sure your mother is also smiling on you right now."

Praveen chuckled, clearing his voice. "Yes! Mother also wanted this to happen." He was really happy. "I am sure she would have been happy if she had been alive."

"I am sure she is happy even now." She babbled. "But she shouldn't worry about anything because I will take very good care of you. I am now your mother, okay?"

"Thank you." He said softly. "That really means a lot to me. Antonio is lucky to have a mother like you."

"Hmm, but I am sure he is luckier to have you in his life." She said to him. She took his hands, rubbing on them sweetly. "Now that you are married, you must know that this will bring a lot of responsibilities." She breathed. "You have to take part in marital rituals, fasts and any activity that is needed of you to take part in."

"I know that, mother." He said with a smile on his face. "My aunt actually told me about all that."

"That's very beautiful of her." She laughed. "She told me that she will be leaving in a few days."

Praveen dropped his eyes to the floor and sighed. "Yes! I am gonna miss her so much, especially Mike. We have been friends ever since we were young..." He smiled, remembering all his wonderful childhood moments. "...and he is like a brother to me."

"I know that a lot." She said with a sigh. "Victoria told me about you two. But don't worry," She rubbed on his cheeks. "I promise that you will be happy here, okay?"

"Thanks a lot, mother." He said with a sincere smile. "I appreciate that a lot."

"You are welcome." She said in a happy tone. "You are now a part of this family."

Praveen blushed and dropped his eyes to the floor. He didn't know what to say to Emilia anymore. She was the best mother in law ever.

"By the way," She cleared her voice, looking at him. "How do you find my son?"

"What?" Praveen quickly raised his face, staring into her eyes. "What do you mean by that, mother?"

"You spent the entire night with him last night." She smiled, raising her eyebrow. "What do you think of him?"

Praveen blushed, feeling as if a bucket of shame had just been poured down on him. "Well, he's really nice and though I haven't spent much time with him, I am sure that we will get to know each other more."

"And I must tell you that he is very lucky to have you in his life."

Praveen couldn't say anything. He knew he was probably gonna have a really good life in the house of his husband. All he had to do was just do his duties. He was now a husband, a son in law, a grandson in law, a brother in law and so much more. He had to take care of everyone in the house.

"By the way," She said softly, staring into his beautiful blue eyes. "Tomorrow you will be cooking for the first time as a son in law of this house so I just wanted you to prepare yourself. It's one of the traditions of our family."

"Yes! It's no problem." He smiled, slowly shaking his head. "But I don't know anything about this..."

"You shouldn't worry about anything." She reassured. "I am gonna give you a tour of the entire house. I will also introduce you to our workers here."

"Thank you so much."

Praveen and Emilia stayed in the room for almost an hour just talking, well Emilia did most of the talking. Praveen just answered her when she asked questions and talked to her from time to time. She was making him feel welcome and he appreciated her a lot for that.

After an hour, Praveen and Emilia went out of the room. She started giving him a tour of the house, showing him every room in the house. It was a really big mansion and that was the time when Praveen saw how big it was. Everything in the house, every furniture and material seemed really expensive.

She showed him her room and told him to feel free to visit her whenever he wanted. She took him outside, showed him everything and boy was it big. It was bigger than he had thought and the garage had many cars, even the type he had never seen before. He could remember her words exactly,

"These cars you see are all yours." She said with a giggle. "You can use them anytime."

She was awfully nice to him and they spent over an hour just moving around while they talked. She introduced him to their workers as their new boss and they were all happy to see him or at least judging from their smiles he knew they were.

She showed him the kitchen and it was really big, just like at a hotel. It was super big and the fridge had everything that he could ever need. Now he knew that the family was extremely rich. Everything in the house was of modern technology.

After everything was done, they went to the living room where they found everyone else in the living room chatting while enjoying a creamy cup of coffee. When they went there, they sat on the couch and Praveen was a little nervous.

"Done with the tour?" Granny asked with a smile.

"Yes!" Emilia nodded, stretching her arms. "It was real fun, mother. You should have joined us."

"What?" Granny giggled, shaking her head. "Do I look young to you? I don't think my legs can allow me to walk for long."

"But you are not old, mother." She said. "You are still young."

"Yeah, right!" She laughed, shaking her head. "How can I not be old when my grandchildren are already grown up? My Antonio has already brought home a really beautiful boy and my Eduardo has a beautiful wife. I think I deserve to just relax and enjoy myself."

They all laughed except for Praveen and Antonio.

"I think you are right, granny." Eduardo wrapped his arms around her, placing a kiss on her sweet cheeks. "You do need to rest but mom is also right." He laughed. "You are still very young and you deserve to enjoy your life."

"Oh, you crazy boy." She softly hit her grandson's arm. "I am old, okay. Very soon you will need to start bringing in grandchildren."

"Don't worry, granny." Celine smiled brightly. "Eduardo and I will give you as many grandchildren as you want and that's a promise."

"Well, since you promise then I guess I have to wait."

They all laughed even Antonio laughed this time because his grandmother was just too much. But he loved her like that.

Meanwhile, Andrea didn't find this funny at all. She was really pissed, ready to show her anger. She kept on staring at Praveen and the boy made her really angry. Fuck! She wished she had given him a hot slap as a welcome instead.

She groaned in anger, rolling her eyes. She had a great plan on ruining the whole moment and she knew it was gonna be fun. An evil grin appeared on her face as she cleared her throat.

"So, mom..." She called softly with a mocking smile. "...when is my brother taking over the companies? I mean, I think it's about time."

"What?" Emilia quickly looked at her daughter, wondering what she was up to. "What do you mean by that?"

"I am talking about father's wealth and..." She paused and chuckled bitterly. "...he is the heir to father's entire wealth right?"

"Yes!" Emilia was pissed because she knew what her daughter was up to. But she didn't wanna lose her temper because of Praveen. "He can do that anytime he feels he is ready." That was the only thing she could tell her daughter. "Besides, I don't think you should be asking me that. Antonio is the one that should be asking me that?"

"Well, I was just concerned and..."

"You shouldn't be?" Emilia said harshly, giving her a cold look. "Antonio can take over the companies whenever he wants."

Andrea felt really angry after talking to her mother. But instead of getting angry at her mother, she got angry at Praveen. She gave him a really cold look before looking away, clenching her fists. She couldn't take it anymore.

"This is this stupid boy's fault." She thought, clenching her teeth. "Mom is talking to me in this manner because of this idiot. I swear I will deal with you."

"By the way," Granny said, staring at her grandson in law. "Has Emilia told you that you will be cooking tomorrow?"

"Yes!" He nodded, smiling at her. "I am ready to cook, granny."

"That's really good and I am definitely looking forward to it."

"I will do my best." He grinned, shaking his head.

"I am sure it will be delicious, mother." Emilia commented. "I bet my son will love it even more." She gave Antonio a grin.

Antonio was ever serious. He took a magazine and started reading it just to avoid talking to anyone at that time. He just chose to remain quiet and think about something else, something important like his music career and the wealth he was gonna be managing.
