 Last season I played soccer in college. I enjoyed playing so much, however, I enjoyed what came after a whole lot more.

One night after losing our home game, I walked up the field, and up to the school gym. I was a freshman in college, 20 years old on the soccer team. After our home games, no one usually showered at school.. the guys normally just drove home and showered there. Well it was a long game, double over-time, and I was tired as hell and need refreshing, so I decided I was going to take a shower. As I was getting ready to head into the locker room, the Janitor said he was locking the doors and when I exit, exit through the side door, it will lock behind me. He also told me to let anyone else know as well. I complied with him, and figured I was the last one in. I walked in and saw one of my teammates, Matt, sitting with his head in his hands. Matt was about 6' and had a thin soccer body. He had a 6 pack, was semi tan, from playing out in the sun. He had brown hair and bright green eyes to die for.

" You all right man?" I said.

"Yea, yea, I am fine, just tired as hell." he replied.

"Well, Janitor said that everything was locked up, we're the last 2 in here, we have to leave from the side, now I am going to go shower." I said moving in front of my locker.

"Last ones?" he said showing interest, "Cool, yea, I need a shower too."

He slipped out of my view in front of his locker. Then as I was getting undressed, he walked past me in a towel heading towards the shower. I was nervous, cause he was one of the guys on the team, I always thought about when jerking off at night, I wanted his dick so bad. 

I walked into the shower and saw him still in his towel turning the water on. The shower was small, had one post in the middle, with 7 faucets coming off of it. 

"Don't look at my junk." he said taking off his towel.

"You ain't got nothing worth seeing." I said as I laughed. But I was wrong, we both turned on our water and then his towel came off. He had a big dick and it was still limp, about 5", I was imagining it hard. I kept trying to get a glimpse here and there. His towel dropped from the top storage area onto the floor, getting partially wet.

"Fuck! now my only towel is wet!" he screamed as it hit the floor.

" You puss, why don't u cry about it." I joked.

"I'll give you something to cry about." He said picking up the towel. He began twirling it and cocked it back like he was going to hit me. 

"No, dude, I was kidding, don't hit me with that shit." I screamed.

"Well, you got 2 options." He said with a smirk, " Get whacked by the towel..." he stopped.

"Or?" I asked

"You can come over here, suck me off and I'll drop the towel.” he said kind of laughing.

"U Homo shut up." I laughed, I wanted to so bad though, I thought he was just playing. 

"You're call" he said pulling the towel back further. He whipped it and it brushed by my leg. “Only one way for me to stop bro." he said.

He swung again. "All right dude, but this goes no farther than u and I." I said with concern. I went over to him as he was playing with his dick. It began to get hard, it rocked up to a full 8".

"You waiting for me to snap the towel again? Let's go" he commanded. I put one hand on his balls and the other on his rock. I slowly began sliding his dick into my mouth. It tasted so good. I sucked it so hard, I was so into it, especially when I heard him moan. I looked up at him as I was sucking his dick. He pulled my head back and forth and then pulled my head away.

"Hey, will you fuck me?" he asked 

"Hell yea bro." I replied.

He walked over to the wall and put his hands up on it. I went up behind him, kissed his neck as I slowly put my 7" dick into his tight hole. He began to moan as it slipped in. I started off slowly until he told me to get him hard and deep. I had a hold of his sides as I fucked him, hearing the slapping of my balls on his cheeks. I then reached both hands around and put one hand on his balls and the other hand on his rod. He moaned louder. As much I enjoyed having my meat in him, I kept fucking him and asked if he would hold his cum for my mouth.

"Dude, just blow your load inside of me, and I'll give you anything you want." he said as my dick went further and harder inside him. “cum dude, yea, I want more of your dick, harder." he yelled. 

"I'm going to bust bro." I yelled as I could feel the cum oozing out of my cock. I then slide my cock out and laid on the floor. He sat on my chest beating his dick as his balls were in my mouth. He backed up a little and shoved his cock into my mouth. "I'm cumming " he screamed as his jizz poured between my lips. It was warm and tasted so good. I began to jerk off again and busted another nut before he finished his.

He got up and helped me up. He kissed me as I stood up.

" So, you wanna make this a after game ritual?" he asked

"Hell yea dude, anytime." I answered quickly.

"Nevermind." he said stepping back into the shower. I looked at him confused. "I wanna do this daily." he looked back and smirked, "come shower with me bro." he finished.

We finished showering, turned off the water and he kissed me again. He moved his clothes next to me as we got dressed and once we were finished, I began to walk out. He stopped me. 

"Hey, See you at my place tomorrow? Bed may be more comfy." he smirked, then kissed me again rubbing his hand across my bulge.

"see ya then bro." I said walking out the door.

I left smiling, knowing I was in for some great times, Hopefully I was going to feel his meat pumping my hole soon, enough.