 Hello guys and welcome to the 7th chapter of this lovely story. I'm really happy and thankful because the previous chapter was received positively and the rates were really wonderful. It is currently on number 3 on gay top stories in the last 30 days. It is really good knowing that my readers are always out there, waiting for me to post something. I love you guys a lot and please, don't forget to comment and rate this chapter.

Feel the passion...

***

"What have you done?" Ethan gasped, feeling as if air was being dragged out of his lungs.

"Ethan!" Antonio called, quickly grabbing a nearby towel. "What are you doing here?"

Ethan couldn't believe Antonio had just asked him that question. He had seen his friend completely naked before but seeing him half naked there, he felt really disgusted.

"What am I doing here?" Ethan chuckled bitterly, pointing at himself. "Is that all that you can ask me right now?" 

"Ethan, it's..." 

Antonio tried to explain himself but he got cut off by Ethan who was staring at him as if he had just killed someone. 

"How could you do this?" He almost yelled at his friend. "I... I don't even know what to think of you right now. You... You are a married man and... You are cheating on him right in the room where you and he are staying? How..."

"Ethan, please... Let me explain." Antonio said, slowly moving to his friend but Ethan just took a step behind, away from his friend.

Ethan had never felt the way he did at that time. He took a deep breath, furiously turning to face Bruce who was playing with his hair 

"And you..." He yelled. "...what the hell are you doing here? Are you not ashamed to be sleeping with a married man?" 

All this time, Bruce had been quiet but Ethan was getting on his nerves and he didn't appreciate it at all. He gave Ethan a confident look, rolling his eyes.

"Look, Antonio and I didn't do anything... yet and you know why..." He paused, giving an evil grin. "It's because you disturbed us. What the heck is wrong with you? What are you even doing here?" 

Ethan wanted to give Bruce a hot slap but for only one thing that was stopping him, he would have sent him in a coma with a hot slap.

He turned and faced his friend. "I still can't believe you did this after I begged you not to do it. What part of you are a married man don't you get?"

"Ethan!" Antonio sighed. "Man, I told you already that..." 

"I don't wanna hear it." He slightly closed his eye, looking all around. "It's a good thing he's not even here and..." He gave Bruce a cold look. "...I think Bruce needs to leave."

"What?" Bruce chuckled bitterly, folding his arms on his chest. "I am not going anywhere because Antonio is my boyfriend and I have every right to be with him. He and I have been together for so long. Do you expect me to leave him just like that?"

"Can you hear yourself right now?" Ethan yelled, pointing at him. "Don't make me angry because I am not happy right now. You and I need to leave before Praveen comes back and sees."

But it was already too late. Before Ethan could even say another word, the door opened wide revealing the gorgeous boy who had just returned. The moment he saw what was going on in the room, his face just got blank, an expression that Ethan couldn't read. He got really scared, his heart pounding deep in his chest. He hadn't expected Praveen to find them in that situation.

Praveen on the other hand got really surprised when he entered the room. His husband was half naked and Bruce was only with a towel. They had probably been making out and who knew what else they had done. But that didn't shock him. The most shocking thing was when he saw Ethan with them. His heart simply shattered and his body felt cold.

He took a deep breath and walked away, leaving all them in the room.

"Oh my God!"

Ethan shook his head and rushed out of the room to follow the boy and explain things to him. When he came out of the room, he found the boy rushing to the elevator. He started running after him and when he reached him, he gripped his arm and stopped him.

"Praveen, please, let me explain." He breathed audibly, trying to find a way to resolve things. "It's not what you saw back there. You've completely misunderstood things."

But Praveen was standing there without even looking at Ethan. He was so disappointed that he somehow blamed Ethan for everything. He knew everything and yet didn't tell him anything. His heart was on fire.

"What..." Ethan was failing to breathe properly. "...you saw isn't what it looks like. You see... I... that was my boyfriend you just saw back there." He lied which he regretted later. "We... we just came to give you a surprise before..."

"Surprise?" Praveen quickly turned and faced the hunk. "Ethan, I may seem naïve to you but I am not stupid. I know what was going on there because..."

"I seriously..."

"You don't have to lie to me to help him." Praveen felt tears building in his eyes. He felt like such a fool. "But you know what..." He chuckled bitterly, feeling himself melting. "You could have at least given me a heads up to let me know what I was gonna go through once I got married. But you just watched and played me for a fool. You even supported him in everything, smiling and..."

"What are you talking about?" Ethan frowned, shaking his head. "I swear to you that..."

"He's Antonio's boyfriend, Ethan!" Praveen fumed, yelling in the man's face with tears following. "I know about him because that is the same man that has been trying to make my life miserable ever since he appeared."

To say Ethan was surprised would be an understatement. "What? How..." He was scared. "How did you know that? I mean, did he..."

"I know everything because Antonio told me himself when he arrived." He cried softly, not even bothering rubbing his tears. "You don't have to cover for him and make me a fool. I know he is your friend but you could have at least told me what I was getting myself into. You could have said something but you just sat there, smiled and supported him through..."

"No!" Ethan shook his head, feeling tears building in his eyes. "I had no idea that you knew and I didn't know that he was gonna come back in his life. I swear I just wanted him to settle down with someone who could make him happy. I never had any idea that Bruce would return or that Antonio would have an affair with him."

"But you knew that he was in love with Bruce all along." He slowly rubbed his tears. "Just leave me alone, Ethan."

He quickly turned and started leaving but Ethan ran in front of him, blocking his path. He was trying to explain himself, probably bring the situation to order and try to convince Praveen that Antonio was a good man but Praveen wasn't listening. Praveen simply turned and started rushing up the stairs, away from his troubles. But Ethan followed him there.

Meanwhile, back at the room, Antonio quickly took his jean and started putting it on quickly.

"What are you doing?" Bruce asked harshly, moving closer to him. "Don't tell me you are gonna be running after that plain Jane?"

"What?" Antonio frowned. "No! I need to talk to Ethan. I need to explain some things first."

"What?" Bruce gripped Antonio's arm. "But for what? He saw us trying to make love and disturbed us. Why should you talk to him? In fact, he needs to apologize for what he did because..."

"Are you serious?" Antonio raised his voice as he zipped himself. "Ethan is my best friend and who knows what he thinks of me now?"

"And I am your love." Bruce bellowed, pointing at himself. "Don't you care what I think? Fuck Ethan because I am the one you love and not him. If he cannot understand then he might as well go to hell."

"Ethan is my best friend who is like a brother to me. He is clearly mad at me and besides, I don't want mom finding out about this." Antonio said as he grabbed the shirt from the floor. "I don't want him to..."

"Can you hear yourself?" Bruce was getting angrier by the moment. "Ethan is my friend!" He mimicked Antonio's voice which made Antonio a little mad. "What about me? You've always let your family get in the way of our relationship. And now you want to leave me alone because of..."

"What's wrong with you?" Antonio yelled, surprising him. "I love you and I keep telling you that."

"But you don't show me that love anymore." He said angrily. "Please..." He moved seductively to Antonio, gripping his collar. He brought his lips down and kissed on them softly. "Let's just finish what we had started earlier and forget about..."

"No!" Antonio walked away from Bruce. "I have to leave and look for him. I will be back later, okay."

Before Bruce even had anything to say, Antonio quickly left the room.

"Fuck!" Bruce yelled, furiously gripping the sheets from the bed. "Fuck!"

He removed all the sheets and threw them angrily to the floor. Then he sat on the bed, feeling like he wanted to follow both Ethan and Praveen and then kill them with his bare hands. He was so angry that his breaths started coming out harshly. His entire body was quivering and his heart pounded deeper in his chest. He was just so mad.

***

"Please, try and listen to what I am saying." Ethan pleaded as he followed Praveen who was furious.

They were now at the hotel terrace and Ethan was still trying to explain himself but Praveen wasn't ready to listen to him.

"I am sorry but..."

"To what?" Praveen furiously turned. "You've already hidden things from me and now I am suffering."

"But I already..."

"What do you want me to hear?" Tears went down Praveen's face. "The lies that you are giving me or what? I already know everything in case he didn't tell you so you can now go back and continue your party with him."

Ethan remained dumbfounded, shaking his head. He could see pain and anger in his eyes, making him even more worried. He got really scared but he was gonna remain confident and find out the truth.

"I am sorry..." Ethan softly apologized. "...I didn't know you knew. You see..."

"You don't have to explain yourself, Ethan."Praveen chuckled bitterly, rubbing his tears. "It's not you who is at fault. You probably did it because you love him so much, like a brother and want what's best for him."

"What are you saying?" Ethan asked softly.

"I am talking about Bruce." He said in a tone he didn't even recognize as his own. 

"I didn't know that Bruce would return." Ethan nodded. "I agree that they were dating but I had no idea that they would continue after your marriage or that he would follow you here. I tried talking him out of this and I thought he understood. Besides..." He took in a deep breath, moving a little closer. "...I never intended for you to find out about this. I had no idea he would..."

"He made it clear to me the first day of our marriage." Praveen sobbed softly. "He told me to stay away from him. I am only married to him because he wants revenge from me. He said i did somehing to him and his family and the reason why he agreed to marry me. He promised to make me suffer."

Ethan felt really terrible. "I am sorry..." He apologized, his voice sounding like that of a stranger. "...please, forgive me."

"For what?" Praveen chuckled bitterly, shaking his head.

"I didn't know about this. I..."

"This marriage is just a punishment for me." He said with a tear following. "I have already accepted what he told me and I don't love him either. Everyone used to tell me that we were destined to be together. I thought everyone was happy with this marriage. I was ready to give myself to him completely, to give my marriage a chance but everything changed when I found out the reason why he married me."

Ethan was really hurt by what Praveen was telling him. And here he had been rushing to come and save his friend's marriage but turns out the boy was already suffering.

"I... I am sorry." Ethan apologized, taking a deep sigh. "You don't deserve to pass through all this. I swear I didn't know this was what was happening. I knew that Bruce was back but Antonio promised he wouldn't do anything against his marriage."

He got closer to Praveen and looked at him. "But why didn't you fight?"

"Fight?" Praveen laughed, wondering why Ethan had asked him that question. "Fight for a man that doesn't even want me? No!" He shook his head. "Had he told me he loved me or even accepted our marriage then I would have fought Bruce to keep our marriage. But..." He paused and took a deep breath, pain taking control of his body. "...I don't think I don't have that right. I am not even sure if I am the one married to him or if it is Bruce. I am like a mistress to him. Bruce has been making things worse and... I don't have that right over Antonio. Bruce is the one who owns him."

"But you are the one married to him."

"Yes!" Praveen yelled in Ethan's face. "I am married to him but... but I don't own him. He doesn't love me and I know my boundaries when it comes to him. I am only in this marriage because of mother and granny. If my mother had still been alive..." He paused as he cried softly. "...I wouldn't have probably been suffering like this because she would have understood."

"But then..." Ethan sighed, shaking his head. "...why are you still iving like this?"

"Because I have to make a lot of people happy." Praveen sighed. "I have to sacrifice my happiness to make other people happy. Maybe seeing them happy will make me happy and who knows..." He shrugged, raising his eyebrows. "...I might just be happy one day."

Ethan looked at Praveen and felt really vulnerable. He had no idea what to say to him or what to do at that moment. He could see through his pain and wanted to help him. In fact, he promised to do everything to help him. He was gonna do it.

"You deserve all the happiness in the world, Praveen." Ethan confessed, taking both of Praveen's hands. He rubbed on them sweetly, trying to smile. "I am sure that the almighty will reward you one day."

Praveen raised his face, staring into Ethan's eyes. "Why does everyone keep telling me that?" He quavered, feeling a bit cold. "Everyone I meet always tell me that but maybe only the almighty can answer the questions I have. I know you're Antonio's best friend and you love him. You probably didn't know this but please..." He put his hands together. "Whatever you do, don't tell mother about this? She'll be heartbroken if she ever found out about this. I don't even know what granny will do. And please, whatever you have found out about Antonio, don't ever let it get in your friendship because of me."

Ethan opened his mouth to answer but before he did...

"I want you to promise me this." Praveen pleaded. He didn't wanna hurt Emilia and granny. "I beg you."

"Okay..." Ethan nodded. "I promise you. I will be going back and I am taking Bruce with me. He won't bother you while you are here."

Not sure it helped but Praveen nodded and gave a fake smile. Ethan turned around and left him on the terrace. As soon as he left, Praveen burst into tears as the pain instantly came to him, making him feel as if it was blinding him. He was really so unlucky. He missed Victoria and her family so much.

***

"Get ready..." Ethan said hoarsely, furiously entering the room. "...you are leaving this hotel right now."

"What?" Bruce laughed in mock, folding his arms on his chest. He was already dressed because he was pissed at his boyfriend. "Excuse me? I am not leaving this place because I didn't come with you. First you interfered and now you think you..."

"I interfered?" Ethan laughed, pointing at himself. His anger was rising. "You should be ashamed of yourself, Bruce because you are fucking a married man.'

"What does it matter to you?" Bruce furiously walked towards him. "We love each other and that's something that even you won't ever break. Antonio and I are..."

"Don't preach to me." Ethan snapped, pointing angrily at him. "You have no sense at all, Bruce. You are a model and I expected you to have a little bit of sense. Don't you know that sleeping with a married is a..."

"Shut up!" Bruce yelled, stumping his foot on the floor. "Don't insult me, Ethan because I might just forget that you are my boyfriend's friend."

"Good!" Ethan clapped, angering Bruce even more. "It is good that you know I am his friend but what are you to him? You are nothing but a prostitute who..."

"How dare you?"

Bruce tried to raise his hand to smack Ethan but Ethan blocked him and gripped it, pulling him painfully. He looked in his eyes and then showed him nothing but anger.

"You don't have such right." He warned. "And you are leaving these two to have their honeymoon in peace whether you like it or not."

"I am not..."

"This is not a request but a command." He said, grating his teeth. "You might just force me to do something that we will both regret so don't push me."

Bruce had never seen that side of Ethan. He was always so sweet, kind and nice whenever they spoke. They had been fucking friends for goodness sake. What was happening now, Bruce thought as he tried to release his arm free but Ethan was really powerful. He got it! It was because of the stupid Praveen. Even Antonio had shouted at him once. The boy was truly a wizard.

Lucky for him, the door opened and Antonio came rushing inside. When he saw the scene happening, he just stood and watched. He had no idea what to say to his friend or to Bruce. He knew his friend was mad at him and so was his boyfriend.

"Antonio!" Bruce finally managed to free his hand. He ran to his boyfriend and stood by his side. But the guy's eyes were on his friend. He had no idea what to say to him. "Baby, please talk to him and make him understand. Because of that stupid plain Jane, he is ready to hurt me..."

Antonio took a deep breath. "Ethan..."

"Antonio if you are gonna be talking about Bruce then I am not interested." He said acidly, eyeing his friend. "All I have to say to you is that I am really disappointed."

"Ethan, I didn't mean to shout at you and honestly, I am sorry." He apologized. "But you've got to understand what I am saying to you. Bruce and I have come a long way and I love..."

"Antonio, I don't wanna talk about it." Ethan brushed him before he even went further. "You've really hurt that boy so much and I could see it while I was talking to him. Where is your conscience?"

"I don't love him." Antonio screamed at the top of his voice. "I love..."

"Then why did you agree to marry him?" Ethan asked calmly. "Why did you take all those vows you are now breaking one by one?'

"Because..."

"You know what?" Ethan raised his hand as if he was surrendering. "I don't wanna hear your answer but I am getting Bruce out of here even if it is to make that boy feel better."

"I am not going anywhere." Bruce argued, holding on to Antonio tightly. "I am staying here because I belong at the side of..."

"Wanna bet?" Ethan chuckled sinisterly. 

"I ain't going nowhere so if you want, you can go back but me..."

"Go with him."

The moment Bruce heard those words, he felt a cold shiver run down his spine. He froze, his heart stopping in the process. His breaths stopped as he felt as if his chest was being compressed. He slowly moved his eyes, staring at his boyfriend.

"What?" He gasped, his eyes widening.

"Go with him." Antonio said without looking at his face. "Just go so that all this drama could stop."

"What?" Bruce yelled, suddenly letting go of his boyfriend. "I am not leaving you here with that..."

"Just leave..." Antonio said, clenching his teeth. "...Leave if this is going to end all the tension."

"But Antonio, I..."

"Leave if you love me like you say you do."

"What?" Bruce was really mad. He couldn't believe Antonio was questioning his love for him. "Are you trying to..."

"If you love him like you say you do then come with me." Ethan said with a mocking smile on his face. "And leave him alone forever..."
