 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome.

Welcome to this lovely chapter of one of your favorite stories. I would like to thank you guys for making this story a big success, even better than I imagined. Both of my ongoing stories, "Wild Flower" and "Destined Hearts" are going successfully and it is because of you guys and your love.

I am back to school now but I promise this time I won't stop writing. I won't be posting consistently but I will always update you whenever I can. I love you guys a lot and I hope you understand.

Please understand that I didn't have much time to edit this chapter so there might be some tiny errors but I promise it won't ruin the story for you.

Feel the passion...

***

Praveen came out of the bathroom, drying his face clean. He couldn't still believe that had just happened to him down stairs, in front of his entire family. He couldn't believe Andrea had played a stunt like that.

"How could you do this, Praveen?"

Those words had been really painful to hear. Maybe it was partly his fault because he had thought she was genuine when she had asked him to collect the bill. She had planned everything but granny, bless her heart, he thought as he smiled as he remembered how she had been defending him since he had been to the house.

He threw the towel on the chair and froze when he looked in front of him to find Emilia looking at him without any expression on her face.

"Mother," He sighed, going for her feet.

She touched his head and then kissed his forehead. "My son, I am not happy at all." She said with a tone that he didn't like. 

His heart started pounding deep in his chest when he realized that she might have been referring to what had happened down the stairs. Could she have been mad at him, he thought as he took her hands in his.

"Mother, I am sorry if I disappointed you and..."

"No!" She sounded scared. She cupped his cheeks and looked into his eyes, seeing his vulnerability. "Don't say that, my son. I am sad because my own daughter just uttered such nonsense against you when she clearly knows that..."

"Mother, please, don't!" He pleaded, shaking his head. "You shouldn't blame yourself for what had happened down the stairs. Andrea just thought wrong and besides, she knows the truth now. You shouldn't worry because I am not offended. I am sure she has learnt her lesson now. She just said that because she..." He paused and simply froze, realizing that he couldn't tell her the truth. "...because she really cares for this family and its well being."

"But she pointed at you and..."

"I want us to forget that happened, mother." He pleaded, shaking his head as a smile brightened up his beautiful face. He took his specs and put them on.

Emilia smiled brightly and kissed both his cheeks. "I never made a mistake when I chose you for my son, Praveen. I know he's gonna be happy here with you. You're such a blessing to me and the entire family. I love you so much."

She gripped his arms and pulled him a powerful hug that felt really warm and welcoming to Praveen. He laid his head on her shoulder and lost the smile on his face.

"Please, forgive me, mother..." He thought, closing his eyes to enjoy her warmth. "I can't tell you that Andrea wants me out of this house and that her friend, Bruce is the one that Antonio loves with his entire life. I just hope you'll understand why I am doing this one day."

She broke the hug and smiled brighter.

"I must say that I haven't been this happy since the death of my husband." She sighed, rubbing his cheeks. "He would have been happy to know that you're already in this house and making all of us happy."

"I am sure, father is happy if this family is happy." He smiled even brighter. "I just want to see all of you happy, mother."

She smiled and then rubbed her tears of joy that had gotten down her cheek. "Alright..." She laughed, holding his hands tightly. "Why don't you show me exactly what you had bought? I want to see all of them."

"Okay, mother."

They both laughed and Praveen brought the bags to show his mother in law what he had bought.

***

"I can't believe you just did that back there, Andrea." Emma said with her arms crossed. "You just made a fool out of yourself out there. You made yourself look like a bad guy in front of all of them. What were you thinking?"

"Aunt, I... I was just..."

"You were just what?" She raised her eyebrow, shaking her head. "Making yourself look like a fool? I very well know that boy didn't do anything."

"What was I supposed to do, aunt?" She said depressingly, passing her hands through her beautiful hair. "I couldn't just sit and watch anymore. I had to do something, aunt. Is it wrong to help your family from harm?" She held both her aunt's hands, looking in her eyes. She was really mad.

"I didn't say that and I didn't say your actions were bad either." Emma explained, giving her niece a smile. "But look at the outcome of everything. He just gained more likes from this family and some people are already mad at you."

Andrea took a deep breath, sitting back on the bed. She buried her face between her palms and breathed audibly, feeling anger taking the best of her. "This is granny's fault. I told you that boy is a witch. He's using magic and very soon, he will take our entire wealth." She quickly sat up and looked Emma into her deep piercing brown eyes.

"Are you gonna sit and let that happen, aunt?"

"No!" Emma shook her head. "But I have decided to observe him and see what is so special about him."

"What?" Andrea yelled, shocked because of what her aunt had just said. "What did you say? Can you hear yourself? This boy is..."

"I know that, Andrea." Emma said, sitting with her niece. "But to play the game, you've got to understand your opponent. This boy..." She said, opening her palm widely. "Everyone is taking his side and I wanna see why? First I threw him out because Antonio's life is getting ruined because of him. But then..." She paused and chuckled bitterly. "...Antonio himself brought him back to this house?"

"That's because Antonio is being deceived by this boy." Andrea said harshly, almost bursting out at her aunt. She couldn't believe she was hearing that from her. "He probably waited until..."

"No!" Emma shook her head in disagreement. "Antonio could have chosen to ignore him but..."

"Aunt, not you too." Andrea said with tears in her eyes. "When are you gonna realize that this boy is playing tricks."

"Then I shall find out the truth." She said with a pat on Andrea's shoulder. "Like I said, I will be observing him and I won't make it easy for him. But if Antonio approves of him after, then who am I to deny that?" She shrugged, chuckling softly. "I don't wanna be the bad guy here."

"I can't believe this."

Andrea rose furiously from the bed and stormed out of the room. She had come to her aunt's room to plan on what to do next only to be told such nonsense. She was really mad... She was fuming and she was gonna make sure she got Praveen out of the house with the help of Bruce. She was gonna do everything and that was promise.

She was walking so fast that she didn't even see clearly where she was going. The next thing she felt was someone pulling her arm and grabbing her. She came to her senses and realized that she had almost missed a step on the staircase.

She quickly moved her eyes and a smile popped up her face, a really sexy smile... her anger simply went away and her heart started beating rhythmically. She felt a little hot and almost blushed.

"Ethan!" She chuckled happily, not losing that gorgeous smile.

But all Ethan saw was evil and nothing else. He wasn't even smiling. "I should have let you fall down those stairs but I am not as heartless as you, Andrea. A woman like you, beautiful and really sexy..." He said with a serious look on his face, making Andrea smile even more. "...your heart should be pure and really filled with love but I don't get why such a young woman would be bitter."

"Ethan, I..."

"I can't believe you'd do that to your brother's husband." He almost yelled at her and her smile started getting lost. "Have you no shame? But you know what..." He paused and chuckled. "...I am happy because instead of embarrassing him, you yourself got embarrassed. But guess what they say is true. The almighty will always protect those who are devoted to him. You might be working hard to get that boy out but I will make sure that I bring the two of them together." He warned, pointing his finger angrily at her. 

"And warn your friend to know his boundaries."

With those words, Ethan started heading upstairs.

"Ethan, wait..."

But Ethan was too busy to even realize that she was calling him. Andrea remained standing there wondering what everything was all about. Ethan had never spoken to her in such a tone before. What was his problem, she thought as she slowly came down the stairs.

"I will make you all understand very soon." She vowed, clenching her fists. "I will incriminate him until neither of you can stand up for him. You'll come crawling back to me."

***

Miguel was sitting on a pool chair, his eyes in the water. He was lost deep in thought, blaming himself for what had happened. He couldn't believe that he had lost Adrian's number, the person he had become friends with, someone that had probably brought back his confidence.

He felt really terrible and worst of all, he didn't even know the company he ran for him to find information on him. Guess that was goodbye although Praveen really wished he could see him even if it was just once. He was praying for it and maybe, one day they'd get to meet or find a way to communicate.

"Ahem!"

He heard someone clear his throat and he quickly jumped up from the chair and got surprised when he heard someone laughing. It was Ethan and he couldn't believe he had just done that to him. But he wasn't alone. He was with Antonio who was busy looking at him without any expression. Their eyes met and both of them looked away.

"I am sorry for that." Ethan was still laughing and Miguel felt a little embarrassed. "I didn't mean to scare you."

Miguel gave a sheepish smile and nodded.

"Anyway," He cleared his throat. "We came here to tell you something important."

Ethan quickly punched Antonio slowly, bringing him to the real world. He gestured him to tell Praveen and Antonio just sighed.

"Err..." He stuttered, his mouth shivering. "Well, you..."

"Go on!" Ethan teased. "You don't have to be shy. You two have been married for quite some time."

Antonio was gonna get Ethan for this because he was to be blamed for everything. Why the heck couldn't he just tell him, he thought as he clenched his fists? Anyway, he was gonna do it.

"We are gonna have a photo shoot in the next three days so you need to be prepared." He said abruptly, his hands in his pockets.

Praveen raised his face, speechless because of what he had just heard. His heart started racing, his body really cold. His eyes widened as he looked at Antonio without saying anything.

"W-what?" He gasped, feeling a shiver run down his spine. 

"It's great, right?" Ethan chuckled happily, nodding his head. "This will be your first photo shoot as a couple and you can't imagine thinking about how happy your fans are."

"What?" Praveen was still in shock. "My fans?"

"Yes!" Ethan held his hand and gave him the brightest smile ever. "You are married to Antonio. And don't ever be shocked if there will be a Prantonio fan club."

"Prantonio?" Antonio gasped.

"Yes!" Ethan nodded. "That's what it sounds like when your names are combined. Anyway, I will leave the two of you to talk."

He left laughing. Praveen and Antonio remained there like strangers without even uttering a word to each other. While Praveen was still shocked with the news he'd been given, Antonio couldn't still accept that he was gonna have a photo shoot with Praveen. He didn't like it.

"B-but, I don't even know anything about photo shoots." Praveen's voice was barely above a whisper. "How am I gonna..."

"Oh so now you are complaining?" Antonio chuckled bitterly, furiously dropping his arms. "You wanted to marry a celebrity and now you've got the consequences of that. Just listen to me..." He warned, pointing angrily at him. "I am not only famous for my music but I am also a famous model so don't embarrass me on that photo shoot."

"Excuse me!" Praveen simply lost his cool. "You're only concerned about yourself here and you don't seem to be helping matters so please..." He put his hands together. "...leave me alone to clear my head okay? It's not like I am even interested to take a photo shoot with you."

Hearing Praveen's words, Antonio simply laughed at the top of his voices. "Oh really?"

"Really?" Praveen gave a mock laughter, looking at Antonio. "If there was another model there, if I had another option, it wouldn't definitely be you. I would rather take a photo shoot with another amateur than with you. Excuse me!"

He got out of there, living Antonio laughing at the top of his lungs. "That makes the two of us. I'd choose Bruce to you any day."

Speaking of Bruce, he really needed to talk to him because he needed to hear his sweet voice. His love for him was growing deep and although they haven't had sex in a long time.

"Hey baby..." Bruce answered on the other end of the line. "I miss you so much. I wanted to see you so bad. Can we meet?"

"Yes, I will be at the office tomorrow. Why don't you come by and then we might just find ourselves something to do."

"You know what I want, Antonio." Bruce moaned on the other end. "I want you to make love to me, please."

"That will happen soon and..."

***

"Oh my God," Granny gasped, getting up from the couch with her hand on her cheeks. "You look really handsome in those clothes."

Hearing granny's words, Praveen blushed and dropped his eyes to the floor.

He was wearing a dark blue skinny jean, white t-shirt and blue sandals on his feet, all of which were really expensive. His hair was tied in a braided ponytail, revealing his beautiful and those beautiful blue eyes shone in those wonderful spectacles.

"Praveen, you really have no idea how beautiful you look right now." She took his hand and kissed his cheeks. "My grandson in law is really gorgeous."

Praveen was still blushing. 

"I told him to put that on, mother." Emilia said with a smile as she came down the stairs with a smile. "He was hesitant because he wanted to keep wearing his old clothes."

"I know that but..."

"Praveen!" She smiled brightly, wrapping her hand around him. "I am not saying you shouldn't be wearing those old clothes of yours. All I am saying is that if you wear these types of clothes, Antonio will get even closer to you."

Praveen blushed and then dropped his eyes to the floor. He was feeling really shy. Meanwhile, Emma who was seated in the living room was just watching with a serious look on her face. Although she had told Praveen that she would give him a chance, she still didn't like him at all. She hated him and still needed him out. But she had to stick to what she had told him although it was gonna be too hard.

"Alright, I will go and prepare something for you in the kitchen."

"Yummy!" Granny rubbed on her tummy. "I have missed your cooking."

Granny kissed him and he left for the kitchen. As he was just entering the kitchen, he met with Andrea. As soon as she saw him, she stood still with her arms folded and her eyes all over him. She was looking up and down, chuckling to herself. Praveen just stood there without a word because he didn't want trouble.

"Wow!" She chirped, nodding her head. "Those clothes do look good on you."

Praveen wasn't gonna fall for those words because he knew Andrea was just teasing him. He just stood still and gave a deep sigh.

"Andrea..."

"But they do not suit you at all." She gasped, rubbing on her chin as if she was thinking of something to say next, probably an insult. "They are just too expensive, even more expensive than your entire existence."

"I don't want trouble." He said softly. "Just leave me alone."

"But I am not causing trouble." She gasped in mock astonishment, holding her chest. "Baby boy, if you still wanna live in this house I'm gonna continue giving you the harsh reality. You can get a boy out of the slums but you can't get the slums out of a boy. I do not need to tell you what I mean."

"No!" Praveen said with a serious look on his face. "I understand you completely. But you've gotten me mistaken here. I am not from the slums. We might have been middle class people, lower class than you guys but at least my values are something that you'll never have Andrea. At least, I am not bitter for nothing like you and..."

"How dare you..."

"And I'll appreciate it if you stopped causing trouble for me, Andrea." He said with a small voice but the warning in his voice was clear. "I won't take you always trying to make me look bad. If you'll excuse me, I have to prepare something for granny."

He furiously passed her, leaving her there fuming. She couldn't believe he had the guts to say that to her face. She wasn't gonna take it and that was the truth.

***

"I am not joking, Ethan." Praveen said, gripping his hair. "Do you have any idea how scared I am right now? I don't think I can..."

"Don't say it..." Ethan moved his little finger in the air. "You'll be fine, Praveen. It's not that big..."

"It's not that big?" Praveen chuckled bitterly, shaking his head. "You can say that but this is a big deal to me. What if I embarrass myself out there? There is no way that I will be able to pull this through. I don't have any idea about being a model. I am not like Antonio or Bru..."

"You'll be fine." Ethan squeezed his shoulders, making him calm down. "You've got everything to surprise all of us. Prove us wrong, Praveen."

"What do you mean?" He frowned, shaking his head. "I have got everything."

"Yes!" Ethan nodded. "You're very handsome, Praveen. You've got a great body and your confidence too. Most importantly, you've got the looks. You'll be fine. Just one thing can make you lose it on set."

"What?"

"Being nervous and..."

"See!" Praveen sighed, leaning towards a wall. "I am definitely screwed. I don't have any idea about..."

"Uncle!" Praveen heard a little voice behind.

He quickly turned and his entire face brightened up with a smile. It was the little boy he had just learned to love. 

"Ryan!" He gasped happily, kneeling down with his arms wide open. "Come here."

The happy boy ran into his arms and he kissed him all over his face, drawing giggles from him. It was really beautiful because he loved children. After all, his dream had always been to have a big family with children and a great husband but not Antonio.

Little Ryan was in a uniform and now wonder Praveen hadn't seen him. He had probably started school somewhere.

"Hey! I missed you, Ryan." He said, pulling away from him. "How could you have left without telling your friend?"

"I am sorry, Uncle!" He held his tiny little ears, making Praveen smile brightly. At least, little Ryan knew how to act unlike Andrea who was always bitter. "Granny took me to school early."

"School, huh?" He raised his eyebrow, frowning. "How did it go? Did you make any friends?"

"No!" He lost the smile on his face. "All the other kids are already friends."

"But there is always room for one more." Praveen said, pinching his little cheeks. He was now smiling. "You'll make a lot of friends and your uncle here," He chuckled. "Will always be there for you anytime you come home. I also know you are hungry. I will give you something."

He picked up the child in his arms and slowly turned to find Ethan looking at him with a smile. "I will be back, Ethan, okay? Why don't you..."
