 ****

Thank you so much to those who have been reading this story. I hope you will have as much fun as I had when I was writing this story, probably more. Thank you so much for your support in the previous chapters. I really appreciate it. Enjoy...........

****

Henry looked in the mirror and he couldn't believe that it was his reflection that he was seeing in the mirror. He was looking so handsome in the new black expensive tux which Henry had bought for him. He had his hair combed backwards and he was looking so young. A person who does not know him would mistake him for a fifteen year old.

With one final look in the mirror, he opened the door to his room and left. It had been 2 months since George and Henry had started dating and Henry wanted to celebrate with George so he had planned a date with him at 7 pm. Henry had gone to work in the afternoon so they would meet at a five star hotel where Henry had made a reservation.

The past two months had been so good for George. Henry jumped at every opportunity he got just to spend time with George. Although George had finally convinced him to go back to work, at first he used to come home early even before the afternoon just to see George. But lately he had gone back to his normal routine.

George ran down the stairs, to the living room where he found the smiling Claire already waiting for him. When she saw him, it was like she was about to cry. Then she came and hugged him and George could swear that he heard her sobbing. She had been so happy for him that he had found love in Henry. She had told him that she was always emotional when she saw people happy in love. When George had told her of his life history and how he used to suffer at the hands of his uncle for two years she had broken down and from that time she was happy when she saw him happy.

"Go son, your man is waiting for you." She said after hugging him. She was acting like George was going forever and she would never see him again.

"Thank you so much." George said hugging her one more time before heading outside. When he went outside, he found the driver already waiting for him in Henry's Nissan maxima. As soon as he had seen him, he opened the back door of the car and closed it when George had entered. He drove carefully from the house to the hotel. The streets were lit and George couldn't help but stare through the window all the way to the hotel. He was familiar with most places in the city thanks to Henry who had given him a tour of the city on their numerous dates.

Finally the car packed when they reached the hotel. It was huge and looked luxurious like a place where only the richest people feasted. George was glad he was going on a date with Henry but he was not too sure it was a good idea to be in public since Henry was a very famous business man. He just hoped no one would disturb them, especially Henry's fans.

The driver opened the door and George got out suddenly feeling nervous. He looked at his watch and it was 7.10 pm. He was a little late and had to hurry inside because he knew that Henry was waiting for him inside. Sooner than he thought, he found himself inside the hotel restaurant and there were quite a lot of people all who looked like they were a couple. George knew it was going to be hard to spot Henry so he just stood there hoping Henry would be the one to spot him and bring him to their table. A few moments later a waiter came to him and he felt better.

"Are you Mr. George Anderson?" he asked politely.

"Yes!" George responded looking at the waiter who was asking him.

"Please come with me." He said politely again.

George just followed him watching as they passed all the tables in the restaurant. He even noticed as they left the restaurant and entered an elevator. The waiter pressed 22 and George wondered why they were going all the way to floor 22 but he did not say anything. Henry was really a man full of surprises. Finally after what felt like forever, the elevator door opened and both of them got out. They came to a certain room and the waiter told him that Henry was waiting for him inside the room and he left. George suddenly felt butterflies in his stomach.

"Pull yourself together." George shouted at himself silently, trying to calm his nerves. "He's your boyfriend for fuck's sake."

Finally after gathering some confidence, he had the guts to knock but there was no answer.

"Why are you knocking?" He argued with himself. "It's not your first meeting." He said catching his breath. "Calm down...... you will be fine."

With one final deep breath, George opened the door and was welcomed by darkness. The whole room was dark, he could barely see anything. He began walking slowly suddenly starting to get frightened.

"What if that waiter had taken him to the wrong room?" he wondered feeling his hands begin to shake.

"Hello!" he said quietly. "Are you in here?"

But it was silent like a vacant house. He did not want to be in the room anymore so he turned around about to leave when the lights were suddenly lit. He looked all around the room, and there were flowers almost everywhere. The huge queen sized bed was well decorated with tiny red flowers which were shaped in a love symbol. He felt so good and he saw a table decorated and went there to check it out. There was a large bottle of champagne in a small bucket filled with ice, two champagne glasses, a kitchen knife and a beautiful big cake. Henry smiled to himself feeling happy. Henry was just too much. He looked around to see if he could see Henry and he saw him coming from another door which was probably a bathroom. He was putting on a beautiful tuxedo which was stuck on his beautiful body like it was a part of him. He had cut his hair and beards short which made him look really handsome and sexy. He was holding a bouquet of beautiful red flowers and slowly came towards George, all while looking straight in George's eyes.

When he finally came close to him, he gave him a quick kiss on the lips and gave him flowers.

"You look really handsome." He said in a sexy tone.

"Thank you........." George said putting the flowers on the table. "You look handsome as well."

Henry smiled and George's heart skipped when he saw that beautiful smile of his boyfriend. He couldn't help but smile to himself. Henry offered him a seat and he sat there smiling at his man who really loved him more than anyone had ever loved him in his life. Henry sat on the other end of the table and he was just looking at George with his beautiful smile.

"What?" George asked shyly.

"Nothing, I am just staring at the boy who has stolen my heart." Henry responded. "You have brought new light into my life and this night will be a memory to me for the rest of my life..... I will never forget it... nothing and no one can take that away."

Henry took George's hand and squeezed it. George could feel a tear of joy run down his face. Henry captured the tear in his hand and George smiled feeling so happy that he had such a man. Henry treated him like a king, he did not care that he was from a poor background. All he ever did was to love him so much.

"Hey, this is a date. You must be happy."

George just nodded and watched as Henry took the champagne from the small bucket of ice. He opened it and it popped. He took the two glasses and filled them looking seductively at George as he did. He gave one to George. George took a sip of the champagne and just started staring at Henry.

"All my life I never believed that a man would treat me so well and bring me so much happiness.... I too will remember this night for the rest of my life." George said smiling at Henry. He couldn't express how he was feeling and how he felt when he was with Henry. It was such a wonderful feeling.

He was just staring at Henry as he drunk his champagne. He was looking so irresistible, charming and so handsome.

George had only one glass of champagne which he had drunk quickly and found himself staring as Henry drunk his champagne in the most beautiful way it was. Henry was so sexy. The way he drunk the champagne, the way he swallowed it and how his Adams's apple moved as he swallowed the champagne made George feel really attracted to him that he just wanted to move from his table, grab Henry and kiss him senselessly. He thought about how he would suck on those lips as if they were a cherry or a lollipop. Henry was really sexy as he sat at the end of the table. Then Henry remembered their first meeting and he was silently chuckling. Who would have known that a man whom he feared at first was the same man who was sitting with him? The same man who was now his boyfriend. George couldn't still believe that a rich and famous business man like Henry had fallen in love with him. Many people would have expected Henry to fall in love with a man of the same standard with him but he chose George, a poor boy with a humble background.

George was brought to reality when he heard Henry's voice

"Hey would you like to order something?"

"No! I am okay. Later." George said still smiling at his handsome boyfriend whom he couldn't get his eyes off of.

"Are you sure? There is plenty of food on the menu............." He said convincingly. "I didn't want to be with you in a place with many people because it usually ends up in a mess...."

"Mess..." George asked confused. To be honest he couldn't understand what Henry meant by, "Mess".

"Let's just say, I have a lot of fans and they would have ruined our date....... But if you want...."

"No!" George responded fast before Henry could finish his sentence. "I am fine with...... you wanted a date where no one would bother us and that is what I wanted too..... Thank you so much for this."

"I wanted this day to be romantic for the both of us." Henry said seductively. "All I wanted was for us to be alone where no one would disturb us." He sighed. "And I got my wish.... Here we are, you and me... together......"

Henry got up as he was saying this saying. George looked at him in amazement and his eyes were wide open. Henry sounded like he was saying a poem as he was coming near him.

"My love..... There is nothing special than you...... nothing is more important to me anymore...... you are all I think about." He reached where George was seated, knelt down as he continued. "This life is meaningless without you my love.... I don't even know how I manage to survive when I did not know you. But now that you are in my life, I will never let you go from me...." Henry took George's hand and got him up from his seat. He held his face close to his and suddenly just kissed him on the lips passionately.

George couldn't help but moan in the kiss. He could taste the champagne in Henry's mouth and it added to his passion, being able to taste it from the mouth of the man whom he loved like crazy. The kiss was intense and the feeling was something from out of this world. It was wonderful, spectacular, loving feeling and soon he began hearing Henry moan during the kiss too. He could feel Henry rubbing his hair lovingly and he rubbed his back, massaging it to please his man. It was deep, a kind of kiss that anyone in this world longed for and Henry was giving it to him on their date. It was like they were all alone in a garden filled with beautiful flowers; the aroma was just to die for.

Henry continued kissing George deeply leading him to the bed and fell on top of him. He continued kissing him not missing a chance he got to play with his hair. He kissed George's neck and ears and whispered to him, "I love you so much."

The words I love you Made George feel hot all over his body that he was soon sweating a little bit.

Then those deep blue eyes looked in his green eyes. No matter what, Henry's eyes had him under his spell and he couldn't resist staring in them. Still looking in his eyes, George could see lust in Henry's eyes. He saw Henry taking his jacket off and throwing it on the other side of the bed. He continued kissing George passionately gently massaging his neck. Then he got up and started unbuttoning his shirt slowly and sexily. This had never happened before since they began dating two months ago and George knew that this night Henry was ready to make love to him and it sent shivers down his spine. George was still a virgin. He had never had sex with anyone before and he was glad his first time was going to be with someone who he truly loved.

George saw that beautiful hairy chest of Henry and he just got out of his senses.

"Fuck! ........ This man is really a hunk." George thought in his mind.

George had his hands on that muscular chest feeling it as Henry drew near to give him a kiss. When the kiss reached him, it was short and George yearned for more. Without saying a word, Henry got up and just stood there looking at him.

"I am sorry, I got carried away and if you are not ready then........."

"Shut up and kiss me." George responded.

His whole body was yearning for Henry. Ever since they started dating, they did everything all couples did with each other except have sex. They did not even see each other nude during those times. Guess that was what made them crazy for each other.

Henry got on top of him and removed his jacket. He got his shirt off and threw it away at a distance. He then moved on and started playing with his nipples and it felt so good to George that he was moaning uncontrollably but quietly. He never knew that he would feel such pleasure but he was over whelmed when Henry started sucking hard on those nipples nipping them a few times and continued sucking on them. Under normal conditions, George was supposed to feel pain but all he felt was pleasure. 

"Oh, Henry that feels so... so ...... good." George moaned giving in to the pleasure.

He stared at his nipples and they were pink and hard. Henry started moving from his nipples downwards to his stomach, stopping at the belly button. He pressed soft kisses on the stomach and circled his tongue around the belly button sending chills all over George's body. He began going up, licking his way until he reached the mouth and gave George a hot kiss. His hands traced from George's shoulders to his waist and resumed his grip on George's waist, massaging it slowly as George moaned.

This time, Henry's kiss felt like it was draining life out of George but it was so sweet, deep and extremely romantic. George had his grip in Henry's hair and he could hear as he moaned in their kiss.

Still kissing him like a baby on its mother's breast, Henry moved his hands down to George's ass fondling him as he lifted his ass a bit. George wrapped his legs around Henry's waist hoping it was the right thing to do but Henry just looked at him and smiled.

"You have an amazing ass." He whispered as he came closer to George's lips.

He moved his hands from George's ass and undid his own trousers and threw it away. He whole grey and yellow stripped boxer briefs which were really tight and showed the outline of his dick which was encased inside and looked a bit huge and very hard. George gulped at the sight of what Henry was about to inflict on him.

Henry then moved to George's trousers, undid the belt and took it off revealing his blue boxer briefs and the outline of his 5 inch hard cock inside his boxer briefs.

"Nice briefs." Henry said after he had him undressed.

George could not say anything to Henry. He had no words to say. All he did was blush.

"It looks sexy on you. You are sexy." Henry said in a sexy tone.

George blushed more at Henry's words. Why was Henry praising him like this? He was speechless. Henry was now lying beside him and he began touching one of his hands on his boxer brief massaging the now throbbing cock in his boxer brief. It felt so good and George was now moaning in ecstatic pleasure which Henry's hand was giving him. Henry slipped his hand in George's boxer and took out his 5 inch cut dick and began stroking which added to George's pleasure. George did the same and took Henry's dick which felt too big in his hands but he did his best to stroke it and pleasures the man he loved. He stroked it slowly and sweetly and soon he heard Henry moan in their kiss. It felt good as Henry's moans vibrated in George's mouth making his whole body jerk. 

After they had broken their kiss to get some air, George had the opportunity to see the dick he was stroking in his hand. It was cut and had to be at least 8 inches long and it was hard and leaking pre cum that made George's hand a bit wet from the amount of pre cum it was leaking. George must have noticed him staring as soon, he asked him a question.

"Are you scared?" 

George nodded in disagreement but deep down he was afraid of Henry's cock. It was huge. Who wouldn't be?

Henry got up with his erect dick hanging and went to the drawer and began opening drawers looking for something which George did not know but found out a few seconds later. George came back with a bottle of oil which he was holding while pleasuring George. He took George's boxer off and now George was fully naked. Henry took his own boxer off and was now naked. George saw that Henry had quite a bit of a bubble butt too.

George heard as Henry opened the bottle and put some oil on his hand. He took the hand and began playing with George's ass massaging it gently. Although George was not muscular, he had a bubble butt which he liked so much. Henry took both hands and massaged George's ass cheeks and George felt like he was in heaven. After a few minutes, Henry began playing with hole and Henry's whole body was vibrating with pleasure. He had never even thought in all his life that one day he would be getting this kind of pleasure from another man. If someone had told him years ago that he would fall in love with another man and get such pleasure too, he wouldn't have believed it. But now it was happening, someone was playing with his asshole and he loved it. A few minutes later, he felt Henry's finger trying to entering his whole. It was a little uncomfortable but the finger was sliding in smoothly but he felt pain and it could be heard in his breath and the way he reacted.

"Did I hurt you?" he heard Henry ask him.

"No! I am fine."

"Try to relax and allow my finger to enter." Henry said assuredly.

A few moments later, Henry's finger was now sliding in and out of his ass while he kissed him. George started feeling good as Henry worked that finger in his ass and he couldn't help but moan in the kiss. Henry pressed two fingers but it was not as painful as it was the first time. Henry was right, relaxing was helping but what was helping him was the fact that he wanted to please the man he loved and adored. His hole was slowly opening to the fingers that he had and they felt good in his ass. A few minutes and he were moaning like he was at the verge of orgasm. If Henry had not been kissing him, people passing outside would have heard him. Then Henry stopped and got his fingers out leaving George dissatisfied.

He got up with his eyes still locked with George, took the oil and poured some on his cock. He had George lie on his stomach with his legs wide open.

"Are you ready my love?" Henry asked lovingly.

George nodded smiling faintly.

"I know you are a virgin and I want to take it easy with you so that you can enjoy and remember it as the first and best but please.......... Tell me if it hurts and I will stop, okay?" Henry told him.

Henry pressed his cock head on George's entrance. George could feel Henry's cock at his entrance ready to slide in his hole and take his virginity. George felt the pressure of Henry's cock head and then felt his ass hole opening. He felt so much pain as the head of the cock spread his hole and his breathing accelerated.

Henry immediately stopped and asked if he should stop. George nodded and told Henry to continue. All he wanted was to please his man and make him fill full like a real man. He deserved it after all these months.
