 Before I commence on writing this story, I would like to thank everyone for coming this far with me. Very soon we will wrap up this story. Before I forget, George's name will change to Ivan starting from this chapter but sometimes he may be called George. Thank you 

****** 

5 YEARS LATER 

Ivan was on an escalator at the airport about to go home. He has come back for the first time after a period of five years with his son. Many things have changed in those five years. He is now a business man in his father's company with a new identity and a different person than when he left years ago. His son is now a five year old child and he loves him so much. He has a perfect life but one thing has not changed, he is still in love with Henry and even more in love. The pain is also still there no matter how much he had tried to avoid it or forget about it. He might have changed a lot but deep down inside he is still the same person. He had gained a little weight and a bit muscular, stylish, long hair, cute and sexier. 

Five years abroad was good. His father frequently visited him while he was abroad and now he is not the naïve boy as Henry had seen him years ago. At the level he is now, no one would mess with him but he is ever humble to people no matter what. 

Ivan looked around the airport as he came down the escalators. A car was already waiting for them when they went outside and the guard had already put their bags in the car. It didn't take long to reach home. He was happy that he was home already. 

"What is this place daddy?" Noah asked in his small baby voice. 

"This is where we are going to live from now on sweetie." He said to his little boy. 

This boy always made his life better and he felt lucky he had found him. Ivan got out of the car and told his nanny to take his son inside the house while he looked around the compound. He really missed this house and it sure felt good to be back. A few minutes later, he heard his phone ringing. 

"Hello father." 

"Hey son, sorry I was not home to welcome you." The voice from the other end of the phone spoke. "I had an important meeting and I have to arrange for your welcome party tomorrow... so I will see you in the evening." 

"Okay father..." 

How could he have forgotten about the party? It was where he would get to be introduced as Ivan Rodriguez, the son of Lucas Rodriguez. He had been waiting for this moment for so long and it was only a day away. He would come out with a different identity. He quickly went inside the house to his room which was decorated beautifully by the workers in the mansion. They were all very happy he was home. His son's room was also decorated beautifully with lots of stuff to play with. 

Ivan couldn't wait for the party. It was to be a masquerade party. 

***** 

Henry was sitting in the living room when his guard came in. He had an envelope in his hand. 

"Sir, this came for you." 

Henry took the envelope and dismissed his guard. He opened it and found an invitation to a masquerade party at one of Mr. Rodriguez's five star hotels for the introduction of Mr. Rodriguez's son and heir to his entire wealth. This was all new to him because he thought Mr. Rodriguez had no child. 

Five years had been so hard for him. There had been no day which he never thought of George. After a few months from the time George had left, he had given up on the search but still believed that their paths would cross. All he had left was the memory of George and his deep love for him. So many things have changed but he was still the same Henry, muscular, handsome and rich and famous business man. He always hoped for the day he would meet his lover. 

He was still in thought when he heard the last voice he wanted to hear in this world. 

"Hey, what's that?" 

"Uh!" he said as he came back to reality to see his boyfriend, Jake standing in front of him. 

"Oh it's an invitation to a masquerade party for the introduction of Mr. Rodriguez's son." He said suddenly getting up heading for his room. 

He still doesn't know how he got into all this mess with Jake. Oh, he could still remember the day as it was when Jake used to follow him around after they had slept together that night George had left. Jake kept asking him to be his boyfriend again but he kept on rejecting him. This went on for three years until he agreed to be his boyfriend though he never loved him. He only agreed to it so that he could have peace of mind. He regretted his decision after because Jake was driving him insane. 

He thought that having Jake as a boyfriend would be as fun as it used to be when they dated years ago but boy was he wrong. Henry couldn't even count the number of times they argued over useless things. Whenever Jake saw him talking with any man it was a problem. The sex was bad which made him miss George even more. He was like a living corpse every time they had sex. He was just glad Claire was around when he needed her to comfort and listen to him. 

"Are we going?" Jake asked as he followed him upstairs. 

"What do you mean by us?" Henry asked as if he did not care. "That invitation is specifically for me." 

"But I am your boyfriend and I really need to come." 

"So that you can create a drama like you did the last time I took you to my company's party." Henry asked suddenly feeling angry as he remembered what happened. 

"No! But I will come to this one and I promise I will behave myself." 

Henry always wondered why Jake had suddenly become like this after they started dating. It was like he was a stranger. If only he had listened to Andrew years ago all this would not have been happening to him. 

Henry was so tired from all the work that he decided to sleep early. He just went under the covers and he felt his eyes getting heavy. It was not long before he heard the door creaking open and he knew who had come in his room. He didn't understand why Jake spent most of the nights in his house. If only Henry could raise his voice for once and put Jake in his place but that was what he had failed to do ever since George had left him. It was like he had suddenly become weak. 

Henry could feel as Jake stripped and hit the covers. He had not even settled properly when he felt his hands on his bare chest, caressing it as he pinched on his nipples. He knew what Jake wanted and he was not going to give it to him. 

"Jake, please." He said in a sleepy and tired voice. "I am tired... I can't do this tonight... let's do it some other time." 

Jake did not listen. It was like he turned deaf all of a sudden and could not hear him. He wanted to shout at him but he couldn't still bring himself to do it. He held both his hands and removed them but Jake got closer and continued touching him. Henry turned his face towards Jake to beg him to leave him alone but Jake tried to kiss him. Wasn't he hearing anything he was saying? 

"I am very tired for sex tonight." Henry said as he felt his eyes close. 

"Okay fine... can I get a kiss?" Jake asked. 

Henry gave him a quick kiss on the cheek. 

"I am not your grandmother baby, I am your boyfriend." 

Henry gave him a quick kiss on the lips and drifted off to sleep immediately. 

****** 

As Henry entered the hotel's party room, he noticed that there were a lot of people of which most were business men. All the masks were provided at the door but Henry did not feel like wearing one. After all, many people were not wearing them but had them in their hands. Jake was at his side clinging to him like a dog to a bone but he was lucky that as soon as they had arrived Jake had spotted one of his Friends and went to say hello. 

Henry had gone straight upstairs were he would watch everything Cleary. A few minutes later, he saw Mr. Rodriguez coming inside and he was with a man by his side wearing a black suit which was probably imported and he looked really smart. His hair was long and tied and he was a bit muscular but looked really sexy. 

Although he had a mask on, Henry felt there was something about him as he found himself staring at every place he went. He took a glass of champagne which he drank as he waited for the introduction to begin. He had a few chats with his fellow business men who seemed interested in partnering with him but he could not concentrate as soon he found himself staring at the man who was talking with Mr. Rodriguez. 

A few minutes later he saw Mr. Rodriguez go in front with the young man he was with as he called for everyone's attention in a microphone. 

"Ladies and gentlemen, the moment you have all been waiting for is here... Beside me here is my son and heir to all my wealth... And the guest of honor for this party tonight." He said as he smiled. "Ladies and gentlemen may I have a hand of applause as I introduce you to my son, Ivan Rodriguez." 

People everywhere were clapping as the man removed his mask. Henry couldn't wait to see his face. As the mask was removed, Henry was eager to see the face behind the mask. Everything was happening so slowly and when the mask had finally been removed, he remained motionless. It was like he was frozen. After all these years it can't be. Was that really George or was his mind playing trick on him? 

He didn't know what drove him but through the crowd of people he called George's name loudly and he was not concerned whether anybody thought he was insane. 

"George!" 

**** 

As he was greeting the people at the party, Ivan heard someone call him by his old name George. He looked and saw Henry up the stairs looking exactly at him and his heart began racing. He pretended not to have seen or heard him and continued greeting all the people that came to him. He did this fast and began heading to his father who was at a distance talking with some men. He heard Henry shout his name again but he still pretended as if it was not him he was calling. 

'Hi, my name is Logan." He heard a voice speak to him. 

He turned and saw a handsome man who was probably in his mid twenties speaking to him. 

"It's nice to meet you Logan." He said as he smiled at the man. 

"Care for a drink?" he asked Logan. 

All he wanted was to just get lost in the crowd so that Henry could not spot him. 

"I'll get it." He heard Logan respond. 

It looked like his plan was not working. As soon as Logan had left to get a drink, he began heading towards where there were no people so that he could wait for Logan. He was still on his way there when he felt someone grab his hand. He did not even turn as he knew who it was. 

"George, I have looked everywhere for you... Where have you been?" 

Ivan released his hand from Henry. 

"You have me mistaken for someone else." He said without turning his face to Henry. 

He began walking when suddenly Henry blocked him and held his hand. 

"George, you have no idea how long I have been looking for you." 

"Look, I don't know of the George you speak of so please leave me alone." He said as he released his hand once more but Henry still took his hand again. 

"George, this is no time for jokes... I know I have messed up but..." 

"Please don't make a scene here." He cut off Henry who was looking mesmerized at him. 

Ivan felt relieved when he heard Logan's voice. 

"What's going on here Ivan?" 

"It's actually nothing." He answered as he smiled at Logan. 

"Actually there is something going on here." Henry answered as if he was suddenly getting angry. "I am his boyfriend." 

Logan was now acting surprised. 

"Ivan is this true?" he asked. 

"No!" 

"What can he tell you?" Henry responded. "I am his boyfriend and his name is not Ivan but George." 

"Well I am not who you think I am... As you heard my name is not George. It's Ivan." 

After saying that Ivan left with Logan and left the stunned looking Henry all alone. As Ivan was chatting with Logan, he could see Henry at a distance eyeing him and he felt uncomfortable. Finally the music started and people were on the dance floor snowball dancing and Ivan watched them. 

He could see as the people dancing went into the crowd to pick a new dance partner while others watched and clapped. The dance floor was almost full when he was suddenly picked by a woman who was wearing a big smile on her face. They danced for a few seconds and soon he found himself dancing with Logan. 

"I never knew you were so good at snowball dancing?" Logan asked. 

"Well I leant from the best." He answered as both of them chuckled. 

They had only danced for a few minutes when all of a sudden Henry cut in and was now dancing with him. 

"It is now my turn!" He said to Logan who was now dancing with a woman. 

"I am sorry if I had upset you earlier but you look exactly like my boyfriend." Henry said as he took his hands. 

"And what happened to this boyfriend of yours?" Ivan asked him as if he was not interested. 

"He left me." Henry responded as their eyes locked. 

"I understand him. I am sure he couldn't put up with your arrogance." Ivan said to him suddenly feeling angry. 

"Well you look exactly like him and you don't how long I have been dying to do this." 

After finishing saying that, Henry locked his lips with Ivan's. Ivan immediately broke the kiss and before Henry could open his eyes gave him a dirty slap that everyone was suddenly watching them. Ivan got away from the dance floor and Henry followed him. 

"I am sorry for that... I just couldn't help it." 

"Just get out of here and let me have the rest of my party in peace." Ivan literally pleaded. 

"George I am..." 

"For the last time, I am not George."Ivan said in anger. "And will you please leave me alone." 

Ivan went away and left the stupid looking Henry standing alone looking at him. He was sure his father saw that but he was not ready to speak to him about it. His father introduced him to some of the friends and business partners. All of them seemed happy as he greeted them. The rest of the party went well and he was glad he did not have any more encounters with Henry. 

The party ended late and they reached home around 1 am. He had arrived home earlier than his father and found his son sleeping on the couch with his nanny. He woke up his nanny who told him his son had been waiting for him and refused to sleep. He told the nanny to sleep that he would take care of his son. He really needed to hold his son. He picked his son up and took him to his room where he took his clothes off and put him in pajamas. He took his own jacket and shoes off and slept in his son's room holding him tightly. 

His encounter with Henry had brought all the sad memories back. It also awoke the deep love he had always tried to forget. He wanted to cry but he encouraged himself not to. 

"No Ivan. You are past all this and you have got to be strong... you have come a long way and you have your strength with you." 

Noah was Ivan's strength and he and his father were the things he cherished the most. He gave his son a kiss on the back of the head and caressed his hair as he drifted off to sleep. 

**** 

As soon as the driver had parked the car, Henry got out of the car leaving Jake inside. He counted himself lucky Jake had not seen what ever had happened at the party as he had been outside chatting with some business man who wanted him as a model for his company or it would have been a heated argument. 

He went into the living room trying to think properly. He couldn't understand anything that was going on. In his heart, he knew that was George but his mind couldn't believe it. The person he saw was the opposite of George. He saw the rushing Jake coming towards him. 

"Hey, why did you leave me outside alone?" Jake asked rudely. 

"Jake, I have a lot of things running in my head... Please can you leave me for a minute?" He said to Jake suddenly feeling his head hurt. 

"And what could be more important than your boyfriend and our..." 

"Jake, please!" He cut him. 

"No! I need to know. Did something happen at the party? Or did you meet someone else?" Jake asked rudely. "Who is it?" 

This was the limit for Henry. He did not know what drove but he suddenly got up and snapped at Jake. 

"Will you leave me alone?" He yelled. 

Jake just stood without saying anything and he began heading upstairs. For the first time in five years, Henry expressed his anger at Jake and he did not regret it. He had his hands on his face and he felt a hand on his shoulder. 

"Is anything wrong son?" 

He recognized it as Claire's voice. 

"I saw him today." He said as he removed his hands from his face. "I saw George today at the party." 

Claire seemed happy and smiled at him. 

"How is he?" She asked as she came to sit on the couch next to him. 

"I don't know... I don't even know if it was him." he said as he got more confused. 

"What do you mean by that?" Claire asked. She sounded confused and Henry could hear it. 

"The person I saw today is called Ivan Rodriguez, the son of Mr. Rodriguez in honor of which the party was held." Henry said as he got up from the couch. "He looks exactly like George but the character is different... I had tried to talk to him but he said he did not know me or rather pretended... All this is just messing with head." Henry said as he sat on the couch. 

"Are you sure it was him." Claire asked. 

"Unless George has a twin brother of whom he did not mention, I am pretty sure that was him... everything is exactly the same... he might have grown his hair longer, gained a few ponds but I am sure that was him." Henry remained quiet without saying anything. He saw Claire leave the living room after squeezing his shoulder. All this was messing with his head. 

He was glad he had found George but on the other hand was not sure it was sure if it was really him. Could he have changed that much in five years? 

Henry knew he had to find out who the guy he had met at the party really was and he promised himself to get to the bottom of it. 

***** 

The meeting with the board of directors had been long. Ivan couldn't believe that he was now the president of three of his father's companies. He was so tired after the meeting and just wanted to go home and be with his son but he had to go to the office to meet with all the staff. This was really a tiresome day for him but he knew he had to do it all. He was glad everything went smooth. The meeting with the staff was not long and all of them seemed happy when they met him. 

After dismissing the meeting he was about to go home when his secretary came to the office. 

"Sir, Mr. Rosenberg is here to see you." 

What was Henry doing at his office and how did he find out he was here? He did not want to see him. 

"Tell him I have left." Henry said as he dismissed his secretary. 

What was Henry trying to prove by coming to his office? Wasn't he the same person that never wanted to do anything with him? Whatever he had come to do at his office, he was not interested in it and he was not ready to see him. The life he was living was enough for him and he did not want any trouble from Henry or Jake. He had rejected him while he was poor and now that he is rich why was he bothering him? 

Ivan stayed in his office for more than 30 minutes to be sure that Henry had left his office and company premises. He got up from his chair and began heading to the elevator. He stood there after pressing the open button and waited for it to open. 

"I knew your secretary was lying to me." He heard Henry's voice speak behind him. 

He turned and found him staring at him with a big smile on his face. 

"Well I told my secretary I didn't want to see anyone." He said with a serious look on his face. 

"Then I think it's a good thing I waited." 

"Good for you but I don't want to see you Mr. Rosenberg." He said as he pressed the button again. 
