 8===> "From painting the house to painting the ceiling"

*

It had been a rough couple of weeks working in the blazing sun scraping and painting the monstrous old house for Trent's grandmother. My friend had easily conned me into helping with the massive project by offering to split the $2,500 she had promised for getting it done. Thankfully we were nearing the end of the job.

"Think about it, Kevin. It's almost as much as we would make slaving all summer flipping burgers part time and we would have time to do that road trip we talked about." It was a most tempting and convincing argument that Trent made. Both of us had just graduated high school and would be going off to separate colleges in the fall and wanted to do something special during what we saw as our last 'fun' summer. As we were finally carefully applying the final trim paint to the overhang more than two stories in the air, the potential of a week doing Disney World and the beaches of Daytona suddenly seemed to transpose from dream to reality. 

When we took a needed break to put some liquid back in our sweat drained bodies, Trent added a new idea to the plans we had been making. "Ya know, Kevin, I got to thinking of a way we could do this Florida trip and still have some cash left over too."

I looked over at Trent and took in how all the exposure to the sun had given his six foot frame a rather nice tan. Both of us had rarely worn more than cut offs and sneaks while we worked and I only hoped that my skin had also darkened as well as his had. I couldn't help but notice also, that his happy trail and belly and leg fuzz had bleached out from all the sun, much the same as the usually sandy colored hair on his head. "Do I dare ask what your crazy mind came up with?" I finally responded with.

"Well, I ran into Greg at the mall game room last night. First time I had seen him since graduation and told him what we had been up to and had planned." He paused a moment to sip on the Coke he had and then went on. "He wants to know if he can come along too. If we round up one other guy we can cut a bunch of the expenses in half instantly." 

I took a slug of my soda and thought a little. Greg was a decent guy from what I knew of him and figured I could put up with almost anyone for just one week. "That makes sense, Trent. What do you think?"

"I think it makes too much sense. Hell...just what we would save by splitting the motel bill four ways instead of two, will almost cover hitting Disney World. Same deal with the gas...there is a big chunk of our food bucks for the week. The real question is where do we find number four on a short notice?"

"There is always Craigslist if we wanna live dangerously," I joked. My mind began rapidly trolling through the list of friends that I knew didn't have summer jobs and might have access to the needed funds. Only one came to mind and I almost didn't want to mention the name. "You have no ideas Trent?" I begged instead.

"Not really. Everyone is either locked into a summer job or have 'rents that would pitch a shit fit at the idea of four guys running loose in Florida. You know...that 'naked and drunk - rape, pillage, and plunder scene' they all visualize thanks to all the spring break reputations." Trent laughed and put the Coke can back to his lips waiting for me to come up with the solution. 

"Well..." I began slowly, "...there is one possibility but I don't know if you will like it."

"So try me."

"Ethan," was my one word answer wanting to see Trent's reaction before I said more.

"Ethan? Chess club, honor society, nerd boy Ethan?" Trent rolled his eyes but then quickly added, "What made you think of him?"

"He overheard us talking about the trip at the graduation party and asked me later if there was any chance of going too. I kinda blew him off at the time, but he may be our only option at this point. He really isn't all that bad other than coming across as a terminal virgin." 

Trent laughed. "No kidding! I bet his right hand is even virgin!" Trent crushed the Coke can after finishing it and sighed. "Not exactly the top of the list for me, but if you and Greg think you can cope with him, so will I."

"You sure? I'll call and ask him if you are."

"Yeah...why not? If he gets to be too much of a pain in the ass, we will just bury him in the sand on the beach or ditch him at Disney." The grin on Trent's face told me he was at least partially kidding. 

"You talk to Greg first and if he is cool with the idea, then I'll call Ethan. He probably will be since it will cut the cost for him too. Greg seems pretty laid back."

"Yeah he really is once you get to know him a lot better. You guys will be buds like we are by the time we get back."

I stood up and looked over at the ladders propped against the house. "Back to the grind so we can finish this up maybe tomorrow?" I suggestively questioned.

Trent jumped to his feet also. "Sounds like a plan to me. Figure tomorrow and one more half day for all the little details grams will find to whine about, and then we can concentrate on getting the road trip finalized." 

* * * * *

Ten days later, the four of us were jamming our luggage, several bags of munchies, and a cooler filed with ice and Cokes into the back of Trent's older, but dependable, Ford Explorer. My Firebird would have probably gotten a little better gas mileage, but we decided to give up the few extra miles per gallon for the comfort and space his vehicle would provide. We had decided to take off early in the evening and; other than gas, food, and pee pit stops; drive pretty much straight through to Daytona. If all went according to plan, we would be checked into the motel and still be able to get in a little beach time the next afternoon. After a quick stop at the McDonald's drive-thru for dinner, we were soon rolling down I-77 south just a slight notch above the speed limit. 

"One down, five more to go," Trent announced from the driver's seat as we crossed over the Ohio River into West Virginia 45 minutes later. Each following state line...Virginia, North & South Carolina, and Georgia...were ticked off in a similar manner until we all cheered as the huge 'Welcome to Florida' sign loomed ahead. 

The long trip had been an interesting one. Mainly due to the fact that even though we all knew each other by sight, only Trent and I had a previous close friendship. During the hours of travel, we all traded stories and histories and future plans so that by the time we were searching for the correct exit ramp in Daytona, we were well beyond acquaintance level and working on buddy status. Greg and I had begun to bond quickly after we discovered we would both be attending Ohio University in Athens that fall and had been assigned to the same freshman dorm. Trent had gone straight into his typical 'never met a stranger' mode and kept us all talking and laughing. Ethan did his best to fit in and sometimes tried too hard, but the rest of us overlooked his excessiveness as much as we could. When we were finally pulling in the entrance to the Sherwood Motel, it was still obvious that we were a mixed bag of assorted teenage confidence and angst, that would hopefully be closer friends after a week together.

It only took a few minutes to get checked in. It was an older place, but with required conveniences like air conditioning, a mini-fridge, cable, right on the beach, and most importantly: had a very attractive weekly rate. The just-short-of-elderly desk clerk gave us the once-over about a half dozen times. Obviously a little concerned that four teenage boys could get overly rowdy, he handed over two room keys with a pleasant "Enjoy your stay," coupled with the caveat of, "but keep it under control please." 

We all adopted the most angelic 'good boys' look we could muster, as Trent promised, "You won't even know we are here except when we raid the ice machine." Minutes later we were lugging our stuff up to the second floor room that would be home for the next six days. 

* * * * *

"It's not all that bad," Ethan stated as we entered the room. 

"Other than being decorated like a 1970's porno movie set," Greg quickly added with a laugh as he looked over the dated furniture and gaudy wallpaper and paint scheme. 

"Aren't those paintings above the beds the same ones that were in 'Deep Throat?' I added to the critiquing. 

Greg and Ethan laughed as Trent popped me a fist punch to the shoulder. "Leave it to my best friend to be looking at the art work in the background while watching a porn flick," he jested. "Sometimes I really wonder about you, Kevin." 

"Fuck you. We all know what YOU are doing when you watch porn," I joked back as I made an open fist and jerked it rapidly back and forth in front of my crotch at him.

Trent flipped me the bird. Greg laughed again. Ethan blushed. 

"The sun and surf are both still up. We gonna hit the beach or what?" I questioned as I tossed my suitcase on a bed and opened it. By the time I had found my trunks, everyone else was digging in their own luggage for their swim suits also. I had assumed that since we had all survived years of gym classes and locker rooms, that modesty was nothing to worry about between us and began stripping to change. I was a little shocked though, since while both Trent and Greg followed suit, Ethan took his board shorts and went to the bathroom to change. The three of us all shot each other a set of rolling eyes and shared quiet snickers. 

"We gotta take him to a strip joint while we are down here," Trent suggested in a low voice. "It would be worth the bucks just for the entertainment of seeing his face with a babe shaking her tits in it."

"I'm up for that idea...with or without Ethan," Greg quickly replied along with a blatant grope of his package. 

"You are such a horn dog, Greg," Trent teased.

Greg grabbed his box again, before speaking. "What can I say...I found a toy I like and it needs motivation sometimes." 

We were all still laughing and trading barbs when Ethan rejoined us already changed into his beach clothes. "I had to pee first, but I'm ready now too, guys," was the poorly veiled alibi he used. 

I turned and whispered to Greg. "Wanna bet he brought along pajamas to wear to bed too?"

"No bet dude unless you give me 3-to-1 odds that they are both bottoms and tops," he whispered back with a big smirk on his face. 

"Let's get this show on the road and get some sand between our toes," Trent said taking charge yet again and pulling open the door.

Minutes later we were wading into the Atlantic and for the first time that summer, I was truly enjoying the feel of the sun beating down on my nearly bare torso. When I glanced at Trent a few yards away, the look on his face said he was probably thinking the same thing and that all the work we had put in on his grandmother's house had been worth it in order to be able to enjoy this experience.

* * * * *

We spent about an hour just playing in the breaking waves and walking up and down the world famous beach. My mind wandered as Trent and Greg teased each other constantly about who saw the newest bikini-clad babe first and Ethan stared at every female on the sand like a hungry five-year-old in a candy store but scared to death of getting a cavity. "We sure are a great example of diversity in the male teen," I thought to myself as I looked over my three friends as we walked along. 

Trent could have been the babe-magnet with his tall frame, natural athletic build, and good looks. The tan and bleached out hair added to his looks and his deep green eyes could mesmerize a person. He bragged a lot, but I knew from private discussions between us, that his conquests were quite limited.

Greg was taller than Trent by a good three inches, but hadn't fully filled out yet giving him somewhat of a fence post appearance. His long blond hair and deep blue eyes made up for the lack of a good build though and his rapier wit made getting to know him and like him very easy. He didn't talk that much about past experiences with chicks, and I presumed he was like the rest of us: still a virgin. 

Ethan. Poor Ethan. Probably would never grow much more than his current five-foot-seven and with just enough pudge to make him look even shorter. His jet black hair would have been a plus if it was just on his head; but his body was almost as hairy as a bear cub. His dark brown eyes seemed to always have a bit of sadness in them...or maybe it was just an effect of the huge black eyebrows that sat above them. There were some serious self-confidence issues there also, and hopefully this week with the rest of us would help that.

Then there was me. Kevin. Good old totally average as hell, Kevin. I had maxed at five-foot-ten when I was a sophomore. My body was neither buff, nor scrawny...just average. My hair was a boring mousey brown and my eyes were a shade of steel blue that was neither intriguing nor interesting...just average. Even my cock at six inches cursed me to being so completely run of the mill that I could qualify as 'the typical average American male'. The only thing that didn't fit in the 'average' category, was the deeply held secret of how I was finding myself more and more attracted to other guys. 

My wandering thoughts were suddenly broken by Trent. "Anybody else getting hungry?" he asked as we neared the beach entrance to our motel. 

A chorus of 'yeses' came from all three of us and we started discussing the options. Pizza from the place down the street seemed to top the list and we headed back for our room to place a pick up order. All the driving, playing in the surf, and the long walk had us in a mood to just chill for the rest of the night and get a good night's sleep in preparation for the first full day of fun.

Once back in the room, we decided on two pizzas and were down to arguing over the toppings. While Trent, Ethan, and I worked on options, Greg made his choice simple: "Just get one with anything but anchovies and mushrooms and I'll be happy." With that declaration, he turned on the TV and flopped down in the chair nearest it. He stayed busy flipping through channels while the rest of us made the decisions for the pizzas. By the time Trent was calling in the order from the phone on the nightstand between the two beds, Greg had found the pay-per-view pornos and was fixated.

"Dude! Don't be running up a bill for those things," I ordered from the seat I had been occupying on the bed.

"I'm not man. These are just the free tease previews. There are like 20 of them and they are all just 3 or 4 minutes long. It's all hard core action and almost as good as a full movie since the plots always suck anyway." 

Ethan was sitting on the bed farthest from the television; totally silent but with his eyes drilling through the screen.

Trent hung the phone up and walked over close enough to see that Greg had his hand down in his board shorts. "Damn Greg..." he began, "...just whip it out and take care of it if you are that horny already."

To all our shock, Greg simply replied, "OK." He stood up and with a smile on his face, pushed his board shorts to his knees, sat back down, and was immediately working his cock if the arm motions I could see from my position were any indication. 

Trent laughed nervously and stepped back while giving me a 'what the fuck?' look. We both shifted our eyes to Ethan and saw he had an expression on his face that said he was close to having a heart attack or a stroke. Where he was sitting on the edge of the far bed made it impossible to miss anything Greg was doing. "I wanna go help pick up the pizzas," was all he was able to get out. 

"Come on then," Trent told him as he walked quickly to the door. He looked over at me with the unasked question of "You coming too?"

I glanced over at Greg who was in his own world at that point, then shrugged my shoulders and shook my head no before laying back on the bed. "I am all walked out...you guys go and I will just lay here and hope he doesn't get too noisy." I added a snicker as I watched Ethan practically drag Trent through the door. After I was certain the two of them were gone for a while, I raised up and moved over to the chair next to the one Greg was in. "You do know that you probably just caused Ethan to need to get counseling when we get back home, don't you?" I quipped. 

Greg looked over at me as he kept up the methodical stroking of the very impressive piece of flesh in his palm. "You really think so, Kevin?"

"Yeah...I doubt if he has ever beat off, much less seen someone else doing it. Kinda freaked Trent a little too, I think." Watching Greg had stimulated me enough that my own hand had started gently squeezing the bulge that had formed in my trunks.

"Doesn't seem to bother you though." 

I laughed and replied, "I spent too many years at scout camp to get bent over a little stroking action between friends." I pushed my waistband down enough to free my own chubby before going on. "This won't be my first circle jerk," was added as I gripped myself. My eyes darted back and forth between the TV screen and Greg's hand once I began working my hard shaft. 

Greg smiled at me and relaxed into the chair even more than he had been. "I think it's kinda cool to whack off with somebody else...know what I mean?"

I grinned and then stared shamelessly at his dick. "If I had that kind of meat, I would show it off a lot too. How fucking big IS that monster anyway?" 

"Just eight and a half." 

"JUST?" 

Greg let out something between a laugh and a giggle as he grabbed himself at the base and waved it at me like a baseball bat. "OK, so it's a little bigger than average," was the obviously sarcastic reply. He looked down between my spread legs and smiled. "Yours is thicker than mine though. And you have bigger balls and that's where all the action comes from. Bet you blow a big load."

"Usually splatter myself pretty good if you want me to be honest." The eroticism of not only pounding off in front of each other, but talking intimately while we did had me harder than concrete and my balls already begging for release. I was also being tempted to take this situation to another level I wasn't sure would be welcome and definitely didn't have the time for even if it would be. "We best bring this home before Trent and Ethan show back up too, or we may end up sleeping in the lounge chairs on the pool patio," I warned. 

Greg smiled at me, leaned up to the edge of his chair, pushed his suit the rest of the way to his ankles, and increased the tempo of his yanks. "I wanna see you cum, Kevin. Beat it faster."

The words alone almost took me over the edge, but our eyes being fixed on each other's cocks as we jerked was the tipping point. I quickly forced my trunks to the floor also, pressed into the back of my chair, stretched my legs out as I felt my entire body go rigid, and took a couple final strokes before letting out a deep moan as we both exploded at the same time. As the ropes of my spew splashed all the way to my face, I watched Greg's equally impressive eruption drench everything from his pubes to his pecs in white. 

"Fuckin' hot," was all Greg said before he jumped up to get a towel from the bathroom. 

As we quickly completed the mop up phase and once we got our wilted tools packed back away, I chanced a comment. "I think you liked that as much as I did, Greg." 

He grinned and then offered back, "Enough that I hope it won't be the only time this week buddy." The wink he tacked on at the end said so much, yet nothing at all.

"Well, just one thing though...Trent has his limits on what is cool, and I really think you may have permanently damaged Ethan's mind some, so we do need to be a little more discreet around the two of them."

"I get your drift, Kevin. Even though every guy knows damn well that every other guy jacks off, I know I pushed it with both of them. You, I kinda pegged as being a little more open, so it's all copasetic. We will just have to work out our own play time as we can without causing shit, I guess." 
