 8===> The last day at the beach, the trip home, and the confession

When we awoke the next morning, both Greg and I snickered as we discovered we were both not only as hard as rock as usual, but also wet and sticky from all the pre we had oozed as we slept curled together. We managed to get up and get into out suits for the beach without Trent or Ethan noticing the condition of either of our morning horniness or our spotted underwear. I grinned and elbowed Greg as I saw Ethan crawl out of bed with his own obvious sleep boner. We both also noticed that it was gone after he came back from the bathroom where he had been far too long to just be unloading his kidneys. "Something tells me the boy has finally discovered the joys of jerking off," was the sarcastic comment he whispered to me. 

I grinned back and offered, "Who knows what all he and Trent have been doing since we keep sneaking off on them." I thought Greg was going to blow snot from his nostrils as he tried to hold back a huge laugh at the possibility of those two having their own private circle jerk moments when we disappeared on them. I doubted the potential, but the smile on Ethan's face said that he had learned about jacking his dick from somewhere and I could easily imagine Trent being the instructor from a purely technical standpoint. He had become Ethan's big brother, especially since I had spent so little time with him during the trip. I felt guilty about that, but the way things were going with Greg, I could do little else than devote as much attention to him as possible. 

We were all walking across the sand soon and immediately splashed into the ocean. The waves were a little larger than normal but Greg and I bravely wandered out into them until we were chest deep in the onslaught. Trent and Ethan soon waded back out and busied themselves back on the beach blowing up the vinyl rafts. I was just letting the water spill around me when I suddenly felt Greg pin himself to me from behind and his hands wander to my covered crotch. 

"I didn't take time to get off in the bathroom," he lustfully cooed in my ear as his hand slid down in my board shorts. "How about you?" came next as he gripped my instantly hard cock. I could feel his erection rubbing against my ass.

"What do you think?" I answered along with a sensuous butt wiggle that made him throb even more. My own hand slipped behind me and I teased his bone through the fabric. 

As his hands slowly pushed my waistband down Greg said, "I am beginning to think you do have an exhibitionist streak in you." With my suit now just low enough to be able to free my pole, Greg began to slowly stroke it with increasing squeezes at the same time. Before I could get my hand inside his suit, he used his free hand to lower his own waistband and I felt the sensation of his hard flesh combine with the water as he gently humped me. "You know I wish I could fuck you right here and now don't you?" he purred.

I shook my hard ass cheeks against his probing bone and replied, "Oh yeah and I wish you could too." Knowing that was next to impossible...or at least foolhardy with the beach filling up the way it was...I simply wrapped my palm around him and began to match the tugs he was taking on me. "Just keep doing what you are and we can have the next best thing with the situation," was my suggestion.

Greg's answer was cryptic. "Oh I think it can be a little better than just whipping each other." Before I could question it, he took a big gulp of air and slipped beneath the waves without warning. I felt my suit get yanked a little lower and lips closing over my mushroom. By the time he had most of my cock in his mouth my legs were shaking. I let my fingers tangle in his hair as he took a half dozen or so swallows on me before he popped back to the surface with a massive grin on his face. "I love sucking your beautiful cock, Kevin," was offered as he replaced his hand on it and began stroking me again. "If I can get you to the edge now will be the trick."

"It won't take much babe," I mumbled in pleasure. 

"Me neither and I so need to get off. Just keep playing with it like you are when I come up." With that he disappeared under the rolling water again. This time he had fully filled his lungs and stayed under for at least a full minute, fellating me the whole time. I could feel the stirring of an eruption as he broke off and resurfaced again. "Close as I am?" he questioned. Even though it was obvious that he had been working his own cock while sucking me, I returned to pulling on him with dedication. 

"Oh yeah Greg. That one almost did it." My words were coming in short bursts from the excitement I was experiencing. I enhanced my hand actions and felt his rod and hips respond with vigor. 

"Then let's bring this home baby," he demanded as he fully inflated his lungs and slipped beneath the waves once more. 

I don't know how he did it, but this time Greg managed to stay under so long that I was beginning to worry about him drowning. His mouth was working me so feverishly that I almost didn't care. The combined physical feelings of the water washing against my full balls and the talented tongue teasing me, coupled with the eroticism of being sucked off so publicly, took me over the cliff. My hands gripped Greg's ears. My hips took a few rapid thrusts into his face. I could hold back no longer and the dam let loose. I bit my upper lip to keep from screeching out my joy as my juice spilled into the eager mouth I couldn't see but could most definitely feel. The last rope was donated to the Atlantic as Greg broke off to surface and take in much needed air. His nostrils flared as he inhaled and he kept his lips pinched tight to let me know he had a mouthful he wasn't ready to let go of. My hand immediately went back to between his legs wanting to bring him to euphoria too. His hips began thrusting into my tugs and when I saw in his eyes that he was ready, I inhaled deeply and feel to my knees on the wet sandy bottom. My mouth closed over him and I began bobbing as fast as I could so that I could bring him to orgasm before my air gave out. Greg's massive cock filled my mouth and his hips began taking wild thrusts. His hands locked on my head as I felt my lungs start to beg. I licked and sucked and swallowed while tugging at his nuts. Just when I thought I could last no longer, Greg shoved deep and nailed my tonsils with his first wad of man fluid. I pulled back enough to be able to save and savor the next three thick ropes on my tongue before I forced myself to the surface. 

Greg looked at me and smiled. His lips were still pinched tight and I understood as his eyes gave me direction. We both inhaled deeply and slipped under the waves one last time to share a passionate kiss and our man milk. Kissing under water was nearly as erotic as the blowjobs had been and I wished momentarily that I was a fish and could stay like this forever. We kissed and caressed and fondled each other's deflating manhood until we had to have air again and surfaced. The look of contentment we both had made it unnecessary to state the love we felt for the other...it was just a given...but we both proclaimed it to the other anyway as we held hands underwater. 

I was still facing the endless expanse of water and staring into his eyes when Greg suddenly looked past my shoulders and exclaimed, "Oh shit!" He playfully splashed me and dove beneath the water as my head turned to see Trent and Ethan not more than 20 yards away paddling their floats toward us. My feet were unexpectedly swept out from under me and I went under. When I returned to the surface sputtering, Greg announced loud enough to be heard, "Go ahead...try to dunk me again rookie!" The words were accented with an overly transparent wink to make sure I played along. He lowered his voice significantly and added, "I don't think we got caught but damn did we cut it close." The grin that came with the statement said he didn't care if we did. 

I didn't either to tell the truth. It was at that moment that I knew just how much I did love Greg. Enough to make him more important to me than anyone else's opinion. 

* * * * *

We spent most of the day frolicking in the surf and getting in the last hours worth of work on our tans. Trent and Ethan once again joined the pick-up volleyball game and I have to say that Ethan had become quite a proficient a player in spite of his unathletic appearance. Greg and I sat on the sidelines in the crowd watching and getting in our own 'game' with constant teasing when we felt we could get away with it. Greg was willing to be much more blatant about his grabs but I got in my own good gropes every time a goal was made and the crowd jumped to their feet not paying any attention to the two guys that were fondling each other. By the time we had tired of the beach, both of us had created more boners for the other than we could keep track of. 

While we sat there watching the game, I mentioned to Greg, "You know Trent wants to go out to eat tonight to someplace nice. All this horning each other up isn't a good thing because we may not be able to take care of business later. At least not together."

He pasted a silly grin on his face. "We could always come up with some stupid excuse to not go with them you know," he offered as a solution to get time alone. The suggestion came along with a tender pat to my butt and a smile.

"No way he would buy it, Greg. He probably already thinks we are trying to avoid them both. And I do feel like I have been ignoring him so much. He is my best friend...or was until you stole me away." I reached down to squeeze his hand as I smiled at him.

"I know Kev. I'm just messin' with you. We do need to spend the time with them tonight and if nothing else, we just take a walk to the pool after hours like we did when we got back from Disney." The look of desire in his eyes couldn't have been missed by Helen Keller. 

I laughed and smacked his hand as he tried to snake it down the back of my board shorts. "So we are agreed...double date with the straight boys tonight and work out our own thing whenever we can?"

"Yeah. We need to. Plus, if it hadn't been for Trent agreeing to let me come along, you and I would have never found what we have with each other, so we do owe him."

"Oh I don't know...we might have just delayed the inevitable until we discovered what we both liked while studying some night at OU. The way you like to whip it out and show it off, it would have been bound to happen in one of our dorm rooms eventually." I paused as I thought about that comment and then added, "But I do believe there was a destiny involved with this trip." My smile was met with his and I reached down to squeeze his hand in mine. At that instant, the crowd jumped up and roared; evidently cheering a score; and while everyone was distracted, Greg and I both instinctively leaned together for a quick peck of our lips to seal the shared belief that this trip was by no means 'accidental' as far as us taking the friendship to new places.

* * * * *

Dinner ended up not being at a romantic restaurant as both Greg and I would have liked, but the simplicity of Denny's yet again. Trent's idea was that at least it wasn't pizza or a drive-thru yet again and the combination of meal selections and a waitress made it 'upscale' as far as he and Ethan were concerned. "It's our last night before we head home. We deserve something decent and doesn't come in a paper bag being shoved at you through a little window," was his reasoning. 

Since we ended up with a booth off in a corner instead of at a table in the middle of the dinner crowd, Greg and I were able to get in some playful touches while we ate...although if he dropped his napkin to the seat between us one more time so he could grope me yet again, I think we would have been busted. Part of the discussion between all of us centered on the next day and traveling. We had decided to start back a day early, taking our time and finding a motel somewhere along the way rather than doing another straight-through drive. "It's a road trip...we have to have some mystery to it," Trent claimed when I questioned the wisdom of just taking off with no set place to land the next evening. "Plus if we find something interesting along the way, we can stop and check it out," he added. Remembering back to my dad saying something similar during family vacations, I had visions of things like alligator farms and 'world's largest ball of string' museums in my head from that comment but nodded my head anyway. I also shrugged my shoulders and placed my trust in my friend that we wouldn't be sleeping in the Explorer in a rest area in 24 hours. 

We stopped off at the game room and played pool for a while before returning to the beachside motel that had been home for nearly a week. Once there, Ethan took charge of the television and searched for a movie to watch that was agreeable to everyone. Trent stripped to just his boxers which meant he was in for the night as far as he was concerned. Ethan followed his lead and was down to his tighty-whities before stretching out beside Trent to watch the sci-fi flick he had found. Without saying a word to each other, Greg and I kicked off our sneaks and slipped out of our tee shirts but stayed in our cargo shorts so we could escape for some private time later if we decided to...a trip to the Coke machine or last walk on the beach would be the cover story as usual. We grinned at each other when we realized that we both seemed to know what the other was thinking. Halfway through the movie, Greg mentioned getting Cokes and I agreed since I was much more into him than the movie. What hadn't been planned for was both Trent and Ethan asking us to bring them drinks too. 

"Sure, but don't panic if we aren't right back," Greg stated. "I want to just stare at the moon and the ocean for a few minutes," was the explanation he offered. It was accepted without question and we escaped immediately knowing that we couldn't take more than 15 or 20 minutes without arousing suspicion. Not a lot of time but enough to enjoy the physical side of our relationship again so long as the pool deck was deserted again. We headed off without bothering with shirts or shoes...just our cargos and the growing boners in them. 

As expected, the pool area was dark and deserted again. We quickly weaved our way through the table and chair maze to the same heavy foliaged, secluded back corner we had used after returning from Disneyworld. It was a toss up which of us was most turned on and ready for yet another release, but Greg took the lead and pinned me to the fence with his body. His tongue split my lips and invaded my mouth as my hands moved up across his chest. His nubs hardened as my fingers tweaked his nipples. The hardness was already there in both our shorts and grew more intense as we grinded against each other while kissing. Roaming hands soon were busy with zippers and searching through thick pubic hair for warm flesh. When we found it, we snickered and began tugging on each other. "I want to make love to you, Greg, but let's just jack each other off so we can get back quick," I offered.

"Whatever you want lover is fine with me," Greg responded as he snaked my cock free from my shorts. "I just want to feel you explode one more time today," was whispered as he began to manipulate me.

Getting his monster out the fly took a little more work, but I was soon matching, his rhythm with my own hand. As we worked each other, our mouths remained smashed together and our tongues battled. There were times like this that I wasn't sure whether Greg's cock or his loving kisses turned me on more. Right at that moment, I knew it was a combination of the two. I didn't realize how pent up I had been from all the foreplay we had engaged in since the underwater blow jobs that morning, but felt the movement of fluid much quicker than I expected. "I'm gonna cum, Greg," I throatily whispered to him.

"I wanna watch you jack off up close and personal. And I want you to cum on my chest then," he ordered just before he sank to his knees in front of me. "I can rub it in like sun block and think that would be so sexy to sleep with your spray all over me." The grin on his face voided any question I had to his request and he moved his hand to my balls to help bring me off. I took over stroking myself with Greg's eyes alternating between watching intently as I worked my shaft and up into my eyes with lust for my load. I continued yanking towards my orgasm and when his hand slipped between my legs and he inserted a fingertip into my ass, I moaned deeply and gave him what he wanted as my cock began spitting white bullets all over his upper body. As I watched him rub the spew into his pecs and then lick his fingers clean. For some reason I was suddenly more turned on than ever and pulled him to his feet for a kiss. 

I gave his tool a hefty squeeze and announced, "Your turn stud...and I want some face cream for moisturizer." I grinned, fell to my knees, and looked up at him.

Greg was already taking full strokes on himself and asked, "You serious Kev? That sounds so hot to me." 

"Pretty damn serious babe, so get that wrist action working faster," I replied as I simultaneously cupped his nut sac and moved my face as close to his cock as I could without taking it in my mouth. I was staring up into his eyes when I whispered my last words, "Give it all to me like you want to...cover my face." 

Greg's hand suddenly became a blur. The other one found the back of my head and held me right in front of his crotch. Fingers twisted my hair and pulled me even closer...close enough that the tip of his head was poking me in the nose on almost every stroke. "I'm so gonna splatter you good. Hope you are ready," came from above me a millisecond before the first rope flew across the bridge of my nose. The next one landed on my left cheek and the one following dribbled onto my chin. The final one was wiped over my waiting lips. 

I was massaging the spunk into my face as I stood up and offered my sticky wet lips to him. He took them willingly and licked off his own juice and fed me what he didn't keep for himself as we embraced. I wanted to stay this way the rest of the night, but knew we needed to get back to the room. "Thank you Greg...I didn't know how you would take that idea," I haltingly said as we zipped up. 

He grinned at me and answered, "Baby, no need for thanks because that was even hotter than you blowing all over my chest. In fact, I want to be on the receiving end the next time is how hot it was!" He sealed the statement with a hug and another kiss before we weaved our way back across the furniture-littered pool deck. 

Thankfully, the only light in the room when we got back was the television and whatever telltale spots might remain on my face and Greg's body couldn't be seen. I handed off two cans of Coke to Trent and Ethan and then quickly tore off my cargos to join Greg in bed. We were all but snuggled up together watching the ending of the movie and basking in yet another new afterglow. The TV was killed soon and we all did a 'Walton's-style good night John Boy' to each other. Then Greg pulled me tight to him in the dark and I folded into his bear hug. Sleep came quickly but only after praying that it would always be like this in the future we had planed. There was no doubt at all in my mind that we were both in love.

* * * * *

We managed to get on the road at a decent hour the next morning and by the time we were heading north on the interstate, it was obvious that there was still no plan for the day. Just drive and talk and grab munchies during gas-up & pee pit stops. We would land for the night...somewhere...was about all Trent offered as being definite. 

I didn't really care because all I needed was sitting beside me in the back seat: Greg. We occasionally brushed a hand over each other's thighs or snuck in a playful grope, but for the most part we kept our emotions in check. A few times Greg and I mouthed 'I love you' to each other, but nothing more intense. The closeness of all four of us in the cramped passenger compartment dictated no more was really possible even though I know we could have been happily wrapped together and making out instead of playing license-plate-bingo and yakking about what fun the week had been. 
