 My name is Devo and I had just moved to these apartments a few months ago with my mother. My father had died a few years ago so it was just her and me. Our last apartment had too many memories so we believed that it was time for us to move out. I am 19 yrs. old with an okay body I guess, not to skinny but not real muscled up. I had run a lot in my high school days, I always loved to run. 

It gave me a sense that I was running away from myself, from what I was afraid to be. I was scared to admit to myself, and to those who cared for me, that I was bisexual. I have two older half-brothers who always make fun of the gay community by calling them "fruits", "fuzzy bumpers" and other various degrading names. I know that it shouldn't matter what other people say about me, but it still does in a way. Guess you can call it human nature to want to fit in. 

I never really did have a gay experience and many would wonder why I would consider myself bi-sexual if I haven't even touched another man's cock. Well, for the most reason, I consider myself such because I am very attracted to men. I see them walk by or watch them on television and I can feel myself getting a hard on, just by watching them! For me, that's enough proof that I was bi-sexual, but even though I believed I was, I still wanted to have that experience. 

I wanted to stroke a guy's hard meat in my hand, I wanted to wrap my lips around it and bob my head up and down, taking it as much of it in as I could. I wanted to feel his hard prick slowly force its way into my tight hole and then pump into me like a piston. But, because I was so scared of what people might say, that I could never look for a guy openly. So I had to settle my urges watching two guys go at it on the internet while and jacked off to their moans and groans. I wanted so much to be one of them, but I my wish had not come true, not yet anyways.

Like I said before, my mother and me had just moved here not too long ago. It was a good neighborhood and I liked the apartment complex we moved into a lot. All the people here are Mexican, like me, and oh how I love that spicy salsa meat. Most of them around here had well toned bodies and were very handsome. Being too scared to go out and introduce myself, I stayed indoors and jerked off in front of the window, peering through the blinds watching them while my Mother was a work. I especially liked to watch the older men as they strutted around the complex. I did attend the local community college, but even though there were some fine men there, I still lusted after the older type. I don't know why, but gray hair and a mustache really turned me on, must be some kind of secret fetish. 

Anyways, it went on like for about a week, I would stand at the window, stroking my meat while staring at them all. Then one day, as I was about to go to the window, a knock came at the door. I hurriedly answered it, hoping to turn the person away so I could get back to "work". When I unlocked the door and opened it, I could have died right there! There, standing in front of me, was the most gorgeous guy I had ever seen. He was about 5'6, only a few inches shorter than me (I'm 5'10), Mexican with a dark brown complexion, had dark black hair which was grayish in the front and a little mustache to match. He smiled and nodded,

"Hello, my names Hector. I need to chance the locks on your door and give you the new set of keys."

For a second there, I was stuck in time as I subtly let my eyes roam his body. He had a good body, a little like mine only older. He raised an eyebrow and waved his hand in front of my face bringing me back down to earth. 

He grinned as he began to work on the door, "So you're Devo huh?"

I grew wide eyed, "How did you know my name?"

"Heh, my wife is the manager here and she told me about the new tenants moving in." He laughed a little as he spoke each word.

"That's an interesting name. Are you..."

I quickly cut him off, "Yes, I'm named after the 80's band Devo. My father liked the name so much he named me after it." We both laughed a bit.

I was a little embarrassed at the way I was acting, like a little school girl who had just met her first guy. I watched him as he worked and we chatted at bit, talking about the first tenants who were in this apartment, about the area and various other topics. I nodded and paid some attention to the conversation, but I couldn't keep my eyes off of his ass, whose shape was well defined even in his blue jeans, every time he bent over to grab a tool from his toolbox. When he had finally finished, he picked up his tool box and turned to me,

"Well, it's all done. Hope you like it around here, see you around!" With that he turned and headed back to his apartment.

"Bye." I couldn't even choke out another word after that. All I knew was that I had to get to the bathroom before he scent escaped my mind. 

Another few days had passed and I would still stand at the window, jerking off while my Mom was at work. I remembered that I would the most turned on whenever I saw Hector, the Handyman, outside talking to his friends or doing work outside the complex. I would grab and squeeze my rock hard cock whenever I saw him bend over to pick up something and got a good view of his nice ass. About four days after he came to change the locks, I was sitting in my room, with my back to the door and my laptop sitting in front of me. 

All I had on was a t-shirt whiling I was masturbating to some free gay movies on the internet. I was so into the movie that I nearly jumped out of my skin when Hector called my name. I leaped up and turned around and saw him there, tool box in hand and a grin on his face. I was completely shocked and then embarrassed when I looked down and saw my rock hard dick pointing straight at him.

"Hector! Uh...it's, not what is look likes!" I said as I tried to fluster my way out of the situation.

He raised an eye brow, "Oh really? Well it looks to me like you were jacking off to some..." he took a step forward and looked at my computer screen, "Gay porno on the internet."

I was in completely shock and didn't know what to say, the only thing I could choke out was, "Umm...what are you doing here?"

He just grinned as he stared at my embarrassed self, "Your mother had called me yesterday and said that one of the sinks in the apartment were clogged up."

I cursed myself as I all of a sudden remember my mother telling me something about that. I had completely lost track of time as I was watching the Gay movie on-line, as I tend to do. I watched him as he set down his toolbox put his hands on his hips.

He just watched me as he continued to talk, "Well it looks like I'm going to have to tell your mother about this. Can't have you doing this without being punished."

I grew scared and quickly pleaded with him, "No, please don't tell her! I couldn't imagine her knowing that I do this! Please, I beg you! Don't tell her!"

I saw him give and a heavy sigh as he shook his head staring at me. He took another step toward me, "Alright then, I won't tell her. But you will still have to be punished you know. And it looks like I'm going to have to do it."

"Punished? By you? But..." I started to protest but he waved his hand and cut me off. 

"You don't want your mother to find out then I am going to have to punish you. Understand? If you don't do as I say, she finds out." I saw that grin under his mustache creep over his face and a new feeling came over me, not one of anger or fear, but of pure, animalistic lust. 

I nodded slowly in agreement, "Okay...what do want me to do."

He grinned and nodded, "Good boy, hold on. I'll be right back."

I saw him exit the room and heard the deadbolt on the front door lock into place and I watched him come back carry an armless chair that came from our kitchen table. He set it down on the floor and undid his belt and dropped his pants and boxers to the floor. I was in shock as I watched him strip right in front of me. His thick 8 in. manhood seemed to look at me with it's one eye. He sat his beautiful ass down on the chair and grinned as he saw me drool over his huge meat. He waved at me and got my attention focused on his face again.

"Come over here and bend over my knee." He patted his knee after he said that with a grin.

I just stood there astonished as I finally realized what he wanted me to do, "Bend over your knee? Your going to spank me? But I'm too old for a..."

Again he cut me off as he stood up, "Listen. You said you didn't want you mother to find out what you did. And you agreed that I could punish you, well this is how I'm going to do it okay?"

I began to protest again but he quickly stepped over to me and put his hand over my mouth. "It's either this or I tell her. It's up to you."

He then turned around and I finally caught sight of that round, great ass of his. He turned back to me and sat down once again on the chair, watching me contemplate what to do. Finally I stepped up to him, keeping my eyes on his and then slowly bent over his knee, my ass high in the air. Even though I couldn't see his face, I knew he was grinning as he slowly massaged my butt cheeks with his large and rough hands. 

He lowered his head to my ear and whispered, "There's a good boy. I knew you'd see it my way." 

I moaned softly as he continued to run his hands along my cheeks and through my crack. The hard on I was getting was like none I had ever had before. Then I felt a wet feeling on my cheeks and realized that he had stuck his finger in his mouth to it with his saliva. The feeling was amazing as he continued to trance his wet finger in circles on my ass. After about a minute or so of this, I heard a loud slap followed by a burning sensation on my right ass cheek. I yelped out in pain but he just spanked me harder again,

"Keep quiet! I didn't say you could talk." He slapped my ass again as he said the last word.

"But that hurt a lot...AH!" My word turned into another yelp as he slapped my ass again. 

He continued to spank my ass over and over again. First the right cheek, then the left, and then the right again. Continuing the pattern each time, he only took a break to run a wet finger on my red and burning ass cheeks. After a few minutes of spanking, the warm sensation on my ass started to feel good, in no time I was getting harder with each slap. He must have felt it on his leg because he stopped all of a sudden, not saying a word.

"W-Why did you stop?" I was worried as to what he was thinking,

"I am supposed to be punishing you, but you seem to be enjoying it." I heard him say each word coldly. I tried to reason with him so he would keep going. "No! I'm not enjoying it at all. You punishing me good, don't stop. I need to be taught a lesson." 

"Don't lie to me boy! You know you like it!" I felt him put his hand under my stomach and grab my raging hard on. He just squeezed it which nearly made me cum right there.

He quickly told me to get up and I stood to the side of him. I watched him stand and stare at me. "Looks like I'm going to have to teach you another way." 

With that his eyes settled upon a large, old, broken recliner which I still used for reading sitting against the wall. He looked back to me with a grin on his face. "Come over here."

I did as he wanted and walked up to him. He then pulled off my shirt, grabbed my shoulders and sat me on the chair. He took a step back, staring at my naked body. I was a little worried as to what he was going to do, but that soon faded as I realized that here I was. Having my first gay experience and I liked it. 

He looked at me and the recliner as if trying to figure out some. After a bit he finally spoke up. "Sit on it upside down."

I was a little confused, "Upside down? What do you mean?"

I could see the anger appear on his face, but he didn't raise his voice. "Just like I said, 'upside down'."

I couldn't do anything but comply and did my best to do as he wanted. and turn myself around so my back was on the seat and then scooted myself backward so that my head and shoulders were on the seat and my back, ass and leg were leaning against the back support. I looked at him from my upside down view and saw him grin again. 

He stepped closer with his hard cock waving in front of my face, but I knew I couldn't touch it unless he told me to. Then, I heard him speak, "Okay Devo, now I'm going to teach your lesson." 

He grabbed my ass cheeks with his hands and pulled them toward himself, making my back arch forward. I had no idea what he was doing, until I felt his hot warm breath on my ass crack. The next thing I felt was his hands pulling my ass cheeks apart to expose my virgin asshole to him and then a pleasurable wet sensation ran through my body. He was licking my asshole! Expertly darting his tongue in and out of it, the sensation was so incredible that my cock was harder than it ever was. He looked down at it and grinned.

"Don't you darn cum. You cum when I tell you to understand?" With that he spanked my ass cheek with a free hand. I was completely under his control and could only mumbling out a few grunts and groans in agreement. 

He continued to lick my asshole like crazy. Darting his tongue inside and out of me, swirling his tongue around in circles right on the hole, sometimes he'd even stick a finger in. His mustache felt so good on that sensitive region everytime he would bury his face in. I wanted so badly to cum, but I never did. He told me not to cum unless he told me too and I wasn't. 

"Oh god! Please don't stop! Please!" He grabbed my cock and began to slowly stroke it up and down, but he again told me not to cum unless he told me too, and again I resisted the urge and didn't. Finally, as I was also on the verge of cumming, he stopped and stepped back. He then helped me get right side up.

"Go lay on the bed now. Your lesson is almost over." He has done such a rim job on me that it was as if I had no free willpower of my own. I instantly complied and laid down on my back on the bed. He then came to me, took the computer from my bed and set it on the floor. I watched him grin as he looked down at me,

"Now your going to feel the real thing!"

With that, he spit into his hands and rubbed it all over that 8 in. monster of his. He then came forward and left my legs up so my knees were almost squished into my chest. I felt the head of his cock trying to push into the back door and finally make it's way in. I hissed through my teeth as a new kind of pain surged throughout my entire body. Ever so slowly he continued to push his entire length into me until finally I felt his bush at my asshole. He left his cock in for a little bit so that my ass could get used to the foreign object in there. Finally, after a few minutes he began to pump his cock in and out of my ass. It still hurt a little bit, but I soon became used it and actually began to like it. He grunted as he thrusted his cock into my ass and sweat was forming all over both our bodies. I was moaning in pure ecstasy and grunting like some animal everytime he would plunge deeper inside me. I reached forward and began to pinch and rub his nipples between my fingers. This must have sent him over the edge because before I knew it, he closed his eyes and slammed his crotch into my ass. I felt my ass being filled to the brim with his cum. The feeling also sent me over the edge as my cock exploded in a fountain of white sperm all over his and my chests. Finally we both just collapsed into eachother. He finally got enough strength to pull out and I sat up and put his cock in my mouth, cleaning off every put cum from it. He groaned and ran his fingers through my short black hair and pulled my head closer until all the cum was off. 

He grinned down at me and tapped my cheek, "There, you've been punished. Now make sure it doesn't happen again."

I laughed, "Well I don't know, sometimes I can be a REAL bad boy."

We both laughed and got dressed and I watched him leave. Watched his ass hidden behind those blasted blue jeans and I grinned thinking that maybe next time I'll get to fuck me like he fucked me.

That was a few months ago, and now or days, I still stand at the window jacking off to the people that walk by. Only now, I do it with the Handyman next to me, sometimes we both can be very bad.