 Journal Entry 5/16

Summer with dad will be awkward at best this year. Mom and dad divorced shortly after I started my courses in August at UNH. It didn't come as a surprise to anyone. It was never a happy marriage. They didn't hate each other. In fact, we were quite happy overall. They just didn't love each other anymore. Mom and dad were always very careful to make me feel loved when I was younger. The last couple of years, though, were strained. Anyway, I spent Christmas break with mom in Alexandria, VA, where she lives with her boyfriend. Now, it's dad's turn.

My dad is bit of a recluse. He has a little place in the Northeast Kingdom, always writing his strange science fiction and fantasy novels. They sell well enough to cover his financial needs, including some of mine. Mom also supports me financially. But he stopped socializing long before the divorce. He would lose himself in his writing, typing away on his old desktop for hours. He shares his writing with me, respecting my comments both positive and negative.

Spending a whole summer with dad wasn't my idea. It wasn't his idea. Mom wielded her mighty scepter of power. We must obey Her Majesty. Well, dad was more like "Fine. Whatever." I hope to get outdoors most of the time and leave him to write in peace.

Journal Entry 5/29

Dad has a friend! I was shocked. I'm not sure if it's a mutual friendship but Mr. Merrin visited us four time since I arrived. Dad seems to tolerate his company. Personally, Mr. Merrin can visit us as often as he wants. I haven't come out to dad and I have no idea which way Mr. Merrin rolls, so I try to be careful. He's a big man with a big voice. I don't want to anger him by being caught staring. But it's fucking hard to keep my dick under control when his deep baritone voice sends shivers through my entire body. And he talks a lot! He could talk me to an organism. Almost did yesterday.

I'm not sure if he'll visit today. It's raining pretty hard. I'd love to see him though, his tall frame towering over me, his thick arms crossed over his chest, and his booming voice saying, "What you been up to you, son?" My eyes would be level with his pecs, bulging through his t-shirt, forced outwards by his crossed forearms, and I would reply, "Not much. Just reading." He would stride towards my dad on his computer, his steps heavy on the floor, legs like tree trunks, his big round ass filling his faded blue jeans. He would say to dad, "You making the boy read your crap again? It's summer vacation for chrissake." He would rumble on and I would stare at his broad back, his round ass, and trace the outlines of his hamstrings.

God, I'm hard. I need to take care of this. Bye.

Journal Entry 6/1

The rain won't let up! Flood warnings are posted for several counties. Memorial Day weekend was a bust. Dad hardly notices but I'm sick of this.

Journal Entry 6/3

Sun at last! We can't go anywhere since the driveway is under water. Good thing dad usually stocks up on non-perishables. And Mr. Merrin called. I answered the call since dad was eating.

"You still sane, son?" Mr. Merrin had asked.

"Just barely, Mr. Merrin."

"Son, call me Jim. All this mister crap makes me feel old. And when I feel old, I feel ornery."

"Alright. Jim it is."

"Your dad still writing his crap?"

"He's eating right now."

"Good for him! Tell him he should eat more and put some meat on." I gave the message to dad.

"Son, why don't you come up the hill to my cabin before you lose your mind? It's not as bad up here."

"I can't, Jim. Our driveway is flooded."

"You got boots don't you? Take the trail behind your dad's place. It's only a couple of miles. You'll see my cabin. The trail will be muddy but nothing dangerous."

"Alright. I'll be there. Thanks, Jim."

Somehow I managed to sound casual even though my heart was beating fast and my cock was staining my cargo shorts with precum. I hung up and made for the bathroom. I managed to drop my shorts before I exploded. I caught my jizz in my right hand, supporting myself with my left on the sink. I licked my hand clean, imagining it was Jim's cum.

Journal Entry 6/4

I spent the night here at Jim's cabin. It's a nice, roomy log cabin. He passes the nicer seasons here and winters in Florida.

When I arrived from the hike up, my boots and calves were caked in mud. Jim had me stand on a flat rock a few feet away from his stacks of firewood while he hosed my boots and calves with water. I had to do some complicated calculus in my head to keep from getting aroused. He put my boots on a boot warmer to dry and gave me a towel. I dug out my trailrunners from my backpack and we went for a stroll around the hill.

I love walking behind him. He kept pointing out the views but I was seeing something better. At one point, he bent down to pick up a fallen tree branch. It was a big one. I watched as his buns and hamstrings stretched out. I stopped breathing for a few seconds! And then, before we went into his cabin for lunch, we stopped at the same flat rock he had hosed me down. He planted his right foot on the rock and nodded to his cabin. "I had that built five years back. Best decision I've made. It did wonders for my writing." He chuckled. "Yup, I'm a writer too. Mysteries are my thing, though. That's why your dad puts up with me. I don't really believe his writing is crap. It's just friendly banter, you see."

"I see, " I said, literally and figuratively. I saw the mound between his legs. His bulge had always been visible but now it was more fully revealed. "I need to use the bathroom. Do you mind?" I blurted out.

"Help yourself, son. I'll heat up some soup."

I stood over the toilet and jacked off, imagining how big his cock and balls must be to create such a mound. Mine were bigger than average, a good size. Somehow I had to see him naked, I thought, as I once again filled my cupped hand with cum and ate it.

When I came out of the bathroom, Jim called me to eat in the living room. I sat down on the sofa and started on the chicken noodle soup, apparently from a can. Jim was sitting in a recliner, angled toward the sofa, in front of the fireplace with his mug of soup. I darted glances at him when he wasn't looking my way. His shaved head glistened in the light. His green eyes would look out contentedly through the windows. He kept his moustache and beard short but not too short to be bristly. High cheekbones, wide and full lips, strong chin...I wanted to kiss him. His lightly haired arms were thick and muscular. He probably played football in his younger days. Now, chopping wood kept his upper body strong. Seated, bare feet on the hardwood floor, all of his lower body strained against the fabric of his jeans. I had to stop looking before...

"You alright, son?" Jim was looking straight at me. "You're looking at me mighty strangely."

"Sorry, didn't mean to be rude." I didn't know what else to say.

"Don't mind. I was hoping you'd be a little more straightfoward. I'm not very good at making advances." Was that hope I was seeing in his eyes? He was hoping I'd hit on him!

"I...I didn't...uh..think you...you know," I stammered, hoping he would finish the sentence for me. But he kept quiet. "I didn't think you were gay."

His eyes never wavered from mine. "Well, I'm not, I guess. Never looked on a man with desire...before."

"What do you mean 'before'?"

"Before you."

"You desire me?! Why? I'm just an average kid in college. I'm not a hottie or hugely endowed or anything like that." I wasn't being modest, just honest.

"If you're not attracted to me, I'd understand. I'm more than twice your age..."

"Fuck, Jim! Not attracted to you! You're all I've thought about the last few days. God, I've cum so many...." I couldn't believe what I was saying. Even more, I couldn't believe my eyes. Jim was blushing!

"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that. I didn't mean to embarrass you."

Jim smiled at me. I smiled back at him. Neither of us made a move though. We were both unsure of what to do next.

Jim cleared his throat and made as though to say something but faltered. He licked his lips. "Um...I've never been with a man. I don't know how men do things. I've been with plenty of women, mind you, but that's a different thing...different ways of doing things....well, you know...ah...." Jim looked away, embarrassed, still licking his lips.

I realized then that he wanted me to guide him, to show him how men do things. He was vulnerable, sitting there, licking his lips, his cheeks still a bit pink. How far would he follow? Let's find out!

I stood up and walked over to him. I watched as he turned his face and looked up at me. He didn't look at my bulging crotch but looked directly into my eyes. His eyes were like the waters of a bay on some Caribbean island. I swam in those waters for some time. I don't know what he saw in my brown eyes. Finally, I broke eye contact and looked down on his crotch. His bulge was huge but I could tell he wasn't hard.

"Are you sure you desire me? I'm hard," I said with a glance at the tent in my shorts, "but you're not."

"I do, really. It doesn't get hard unless it's worked on."

"Do you desire my body? Which parts?"

"Yes, your eyes and lips." Again he licked his lips.

"Not my cock or ass?"

"I don't know. This is all new to me," Jim replied lamely. And for some strange reason, I noticed then that he had stopped referring to me as "son." Jim had his hands spread on the the arms of the chair, the fingertips pressing into the cushions.

"Do you know what my name is, Jim?" I kept on with the interrogation even though I could see Jim was getting uncomfortable.

"No. Your father introduced you as his son and you never said. I don't know. I guess I should have asked."

"Jim, my name is Tommy. Nice to meet you." I extended a hand and Jim took it in his for handshake.

"Nice to meet you, Tommy." We held on to each other's hands. Finally, with a gentle smile, I released my grip and pulled my hand away. Jim didn't try to hold on but kept his fingers lightly against my skin to prolong the contact.

"Take your shirt off, Jim." I whispered.

Jim didn't hesitate. He leaned forward and pulled off his shirt. I looked down on his bare torso, muscular pecs with firm, protruding nipples, soft downy hair full on the chest and tapering down to his belly button. He had bit of a gut but I could still see hints of the muscles beneath the fat.

Stepping back, I said, "Stand up and drop your pants."

Again, Jim did not hesitate. He sprung to his feet, unbuckled his belt, unzipped the fly, and pushed his jeans down around his ankles. He stood there in his boxers, jeans pooled over his feet. I told him to drop his boxers and he complied.

I marveled at the man before me. "You are gorgeous," I said. Jim blushed again. His soft, pink cock hung down over his round pink balls. He had a small fluff of brown pubic hair but his balls, like two billiard balls, were completely smooth. His thighs were massive with again that soft downy hair lightly covering them. He wasn't a hairy man like I thought he would be but I wasn't disappointed.

"Step out of your clothes and turn around," I said with more authority in my voice. I was getting turned on by Jim's obedience. Jim sprung to action immediately as though he had been waiting eagerly for instructions. His back and ass were smooth, just a faint fuzz of almost imperceptible hair. I ripped off my own clothes.

"Bend forward." I watched again as his buns and hamstrings spread, now completely exposed. His calves too flexed and stretched. His tiny hole came into view, also pink and hairless. I wanted to lean down and eat his hole, press my tongue into him. This was too much for me. I needed to come.

"Sit down," I commanded hoarsely. Once seated, I said to him, "I need to cum, Jim. I want to come in your mouth."

Here Jim hesitated. "I don't know, Tommy. Couldn't you..."

"Your mouth, Jim. Open it." Strange, I had never been very forceful before. Having this big, gorgeous, older man obey me turned me on enormously. I couldn't stop.

Jim opened his mouth. I could see in his eyes that this wasn't what he wanted. But he obeyed me anyways and I had to cum. I didn't force my cock in. I laid the tip gently on his tongue, holding my cock in place with my hand. As soon as I felt his tongue, I shot my load. Though the shots battered the back of his throat, Jim didn't bolt at all, but kept perfectly still. I, on the other hand, trembled bodily, collapsed forward. The orgasm had been a powerful one.

When I recovered and my heartbeat returned to normal, I looked down on Jim and saw that he was erect. His cock stood straight up like a mast. It looked more like a dangerous club than a cock, the head was an angry purple, a tiny glistening bead of precum on the pisshole.

"You liked that, didn't you?" I asked. When he didn't reply, I stood straight up and looked him in the face. His mouth was still open, filled with my cum. "Swallow it," I ordered. He gulped it down and then licked his lip. I straddled his thighs, his cock pressing against my own and my stomach. I looked him in the eyes and kissed him. We moaned together as we kissed, our tongues lapping each other. I could taste the cum on his tongue.

I broke the kiss and gave Jim a mischievous grin. "I bet you like to be sucked?" Jim nodded. "Hold on, then." I slid down off his lap and kissed his cock on the head. Jim gasped. I let loose, licking, kissing, sucking. His cock was thicker and longer than I've been used to but after a couple of minutes I adjusted to his size. At first, Jim was quiet except for a few gasps. But as he got closer to cumming, he began moaning and grunting. It is intoxicating when a big man moans and grunts.

I didn't let him cum too soon. I wanted to play so I pulled away and fondled his balls. They felt so good cupped in my hands. Then I licked them and took each one in my mouth. "Oh!" I heard from Jim. I looked up to see his head tilted back, mouth gaping wide. I lavished attention on his balls for a couple of minutes and then attacked his cock with vigor. "Oh, God!" Jim exclaimed.

As soon as I felt his balls tighten and his legs tremble, I pulled away. "No. Please, Tommy. Don't stop," Jim begged. I grinned devilishly at him. Jim whimpered, realizing he'll cum when I'm ready for him to cum. "Please, Tommy. Please let me cum." 

"Keep begging," I said as I returned to his balls. They were delicious. I occasionally slapped them making Jim gasp and eyes bulge.

"Please, Tommy. I can't take anymore. Please!"

"You want me to stop?"

"No, please, no. Don't stop. Just let me cum."

"I'm not ready for you. Get up!"

Jim pushed himself up, his legs a little unsteady. I sat down on the chair and had Jim grip his ankles, his ass presented to me. I tenderly rubbed his ass cheeks. They were firm and hot. I brought my face closer and sniffed. His crack smelled like soap. Good, he had washed. I gripped his hips and, without warning, drove my tongue against his hole, licking it furiously. Jim's whole body convulsed. He moaned, "Oh..oh, my...oh...oh, god!" After a little while, I eased up and licked gently, slowly. It sounded like Jim was purring, a deep baritone purr. My cock was completely hard again.

"Stand!" I was getting accustomed to using my commanding voice. Jim stood with his back to me. I caressed his ass and asked, "Are you enjoying all of this?"

"Yes," he blurted, breathing heavily.

"Turn!" He stood with his cock proudly saluting me, precum dripping along the bottom of his shaft. The veins were pronounced. His balls were drawn up, sack furrowed, and they had also taken on an angry shade of purple. "Poor Jim, you really need to cum, don't you?"

"Yes, Tommy. I do. Please let me cum." He looked like a puppy begging for a treat. I didn't reply immediately. Instead I watched as his chest and abs moved with his breathing.

"Do you like it when I command you?"

"Yes, Tommy."

"Do you like obeying my commands?"

"Yes, Tommy." Just then his cock twitched and a drop of precum oozed out and dropped to the floor.

"Did you obey any of the women you were with?"

"No, I was always in charge."

"Why do you like obeying me then?"

"I don't know. At first, I didn't know what to do and you did so I went along. But then...then I started...to get turned on by it." Jim was in full blush now. I adored him.

"Will you address me as 'sir'?"

"Yes, sir." My eyes bulged out as his cock hardened even more and rose almost to a complete vertical. I hadn't thought it possible for it to get more erect. My own cock twitched up a few degrees.

"How do you feel about it though?"

"I admit I'm shocked and embarrassed but mostly aroused, sir. I didn't expect any of this, sir. I never would have thought I would fall for another man, let alone be obeying him, sir." It was amazing how naturally he took to addressing me as sir.

"You probably thought I'd suck you off and we'd both be happy."

"Basically, sir."

"What! No reciprocation?"

"I didn't think about it, sir," Jim confessed this with a meek shrug of his shoulders.

"Maybe I should just leave you like this and not let you cum."

"No, please, sir. Please don't leave me. I'll do anything you command, sir." He seemed to have forgotten that he had already taken my load in his mouth. Plus, he seemed more afraid of me leaving instead of him not cumming.

"I won't leave. And I think I'll show some mercy now." I ordered Jim to straddle the chair, his legs hanging over the armrests. He gripped the back of the recliner. His ass was stretched wide a couple of inches above my thighs, his cock pointing straight at my face. I traced a fingertip along his lips. "Suck my finger. Get it nice and wet." He took my finger in his mouth, his moist tongue circling it. His eyes were closed, lids fluttering.

"Open your eyes and look at me." Jim popped his eyes open and looked at me as he continued sucking my finger. "Now, no matter what happens next, I want you to continue looking at me. Don't close your eyes. Do you understand?"

"Yes, sir," he mumbled around my finger.

I snatched my hand away and quickly shoved it between his legs. I pressed the wet finger against his hole. His eyes opened wide. I couldn't tell if he was excited or afraid. I pressed till the tip pushed through and then the entire finger. His eyelids fluttered, his mouth gaped, and his arms tensed. I felt a warm wetness on my arm. A rivulet of precum from Jim's cock had slid around my forearm.

Moving my finger in and out, I asked, "Does that feel good?"

Jim's mouth was still gaping open with rapid exhalations. "Yyyesss....sssirr."

He was so close. He would explode any second. I lowered my mouth to his cock and flicked my tongue against the slit. More gasps from above. I wrapped my left hand around his balls, my right still finger fucking his ass, and then took his cock in my mouth till the head pressed against the back of my throat. Some of the shaft was still exposed. I couldn't get it all in. I sucked hard, finger fucking Jim as fast and deep as I could.

It took only a few seconds. "Oh, God!" he cried out as he began shooting. I had only the mushroom head of his cock in my mouth. I wanted to feel the shots. They were like cannonballs, thick, hot, and forceful against my throat. He cried out again and again as he came, his body gyrating up and down, legs stretched out straight, trembling. As he descended from his climax, he whispered, "Thank you, sir."

I pulled out my finger and placed it in front of his face. Unbidden, he took it in his mouth and licked it clean. He wouldn't have stopped on his own so I pulled it back. "Thank you, sir," he whispered again.

"You're welcome. That was quite a load you shot. Was it a good orgasm?"

"Yes, sir. The best, sir."

"Really? That was your best orgasm?"
