 In which our hero explores the cock sucking grazing ground.




The experience of the encounter in the movie theater was an emotionally powerful one and consumed much of my thoughts over the next weeks. The reliving of the act itself continued to be a source of erotic daydreaming. I could close my eyes and the beautiful full hard cock would materialize in my imagination, throbbing just in front of my mouth, beckoning to me. I would imagine the cock leaking juice in its excitement, a small pearl forming just on the tip. I would relive the experience of my lips softly caressing the skin and imagine how I could have put off the climax, extending my enjoyment of sucking on the cock. And I would imagine the cock reaching climax, swelling and growing impossibly stiff at the last moment, before spewing the flood of semen. I would imagine the semen pulsing out of the cock, the entire organ in spasm after spasm in glorious unconstrained climax. I refer to the climax rather than his climax as the focus of my thoughts and imagination was on the cock. I barely recalled the face of the man and could recall no details of interaction with him other than that magnificent cock. I longed only to relive and repeat the experience of consuming the cock. 

But of course real life intrudes into our daydreams. I was married and had a life of friends, family, school and work. No one knew anything of the incident or my awakened cock interest. Relations with my wife I found were unchanged. Indeed I re-confirmed then and to this day an intense interest in women, the female body, and sex with women to be a profoundly satisfying experience. To be a bit graphic, I could soak in it all day, were I permitted. And so the conflict and what to do. Sex with women was my preferred interest. The experience with the cock had been extremely arousing, yet I continued to find the male body unattractive and of little interest as an object of sexual desire. And yet I yearned for cock. I dreamed of cock encounter. I relived the details of the stolen minutes on that bed in an apartment shared by a man and his wife. 

Some weeks later I returned to the movie theater. Walking in, my goal was clear, to repeat the experience of my last visit. The problem was how to accomplish that objective. One hardly wears a sign announcing 'I want to suck your cock'. But that is just how I felt. In the weeks leading up to this day I had become obsessed, almost frantic for cock. I was and am repelled by aggressively overt homosexuals, and these are common at the theaters. A visit to the men's room in a legitimate need to pee always felt like crossing a war zone. One found men standing around staring, men sitting on the toilets staring, men standing at the urinals with hardened cocks staring, all very aggressive. So I took my seat and engaged in my usual pastime, stripping from the waist down and jacking on my cock to the film. But I did not let it climax as I wanted to keep an edge on for the hoped for encounter. I spent a good deal of time looking around for potential partners and some reckless exhibitionism of my hard cock. Alas, the crowd was much smaller than my previous visit, and dispersed randomly around the theater. I was terrified of making a direct overture for fear of an undercover police sting, then not uncommon in the city. So after several hours of fruitless waiting, I left, my balls somewhat the worse for the extended wear. 

Spurred by constant recollections of the cock experience, I returned several times over the next months to the movie theater with the same disappointing results. I would take a seat in various locations in the theater, strip from the waist down, and wank to the film, looking around the theater and attempting a mind control invitation. But alas, there were no encounters and in each case, I left either having wanked off by myself, or in a state of frustrating blueball. And then one day while on an errand, I chanced to drive by an adult video store. I had been on that street before but had not seen it as the place was tucked away, partially out of sight. I found a place to park and entered. The shop consisted of the usual front store with various adult publications and paraphernalia. A doorway in the back led to a labyrinth of hallways with small video rooms. Lighting in the hallways was very dim. Each of the video rooms had a door with an interior lock. Glory holes were banned at that time so the rooms were intended for one or two patrons, isolated from the other rooms. 

The practice quickly became apparent. Men were milling about; standing in the hallways, leaning against the wall, or leaning against the doorway of a video room. Eye contact was brief and furtive. Instead, a sort of body language dance of invitation took place that was unspoken, and as far as I could determine unspecified in intent. A man would make an invitation by standing by or in a doorway of a room. An acceptance would be made by entering the room, again unspoken and unspecified in intent. Sometimes no accepting offer would be made and the offerer would be left at his room with no takers. And sometimes an offer was initially accepted but one of the parties would shortly decline and move away from the door. And sometimes an offer was apparently made and accepted, with two men entering a room together, followed by the door closing. All unspoken. I spent a good deal of time pretending interest in the video offerings while in reality, closely following the elaborate ballet unfolding before me, attempting to learn the language. Because it was clear that I had found the fertile ground of the object of my search. Cock grazing ground.

The challenging issue was who was offering and asking for what. I did not know the language. If someone is leaning in the doorway of a room, or standing in a room with the door open, are they asking for a blowjob, are they offering one, or is it something else? Eventually I decided to explore and see what happened. I cruised the hallways looking for a choice, someone standing in a doorway where I could get a good look. Having found a candidate, I walked up to the doorway to see the reaction. My candidate was a guy perhaps a bit older than myself and about my size, cleanly and comfortably dressed in slacks and a sport jacket. As I approached, he moved out of the way very slightly to let me enter the room. I leaned on the wall in the room and waited. Apparently he was waiting to see if I would close the door. When I did not, he entered the room with me and closed the door. 

We stood together in the dim room, at first both looking down, and then eventually looking at each other. However he decided the issue, he unfastened and exposed his cock, about three quarters full. I watched as he performed this task. This was the moment for which I had longed for several months. Finally here it was in front of me, a cock, apparently wanting nothing more than to be sucked. No disappointing waiting in the movie theater, no aggressive males to fend off in the men's room, no unfulfilled fantasies. A guy with his cock out was standing in front of me. Almost certainly married. Here on an excuse to be away from home for an hour. He just wants his cock sucked. No emotional entanglements. No significant expense. No promises to make or break. Just get a blowjob and be on his way. The ultimate in male practicality. 

I sank to my knees in front of him. His cock snowy white in the dim light, just barely throbbing, not yet fully erect. I leaned forward and brushed my cheek against the organ. First one cheek. And then I turned my face and caressed the other cheek against his cock. His cock now rising a bit, as he could anticipate the satisfaction of his desire. He unfastened his slacks and slid them off of his hips down to his knees, his feet apart. His cock was in front of my face, his balls hanging down between his legs. Modest brown public hair. His cock was beautifully shaped, of average size and girth, perfectly cut. Lovely veins transversed the shaft. Time seemed to stand still. As before, I was mesmerized by the cock and the prospect of what was to come. As before, the room was in utter silence, my mind blocking out all noise, save for the deafening roar in my head from the anticipation of what was to come. I could smell his skin; smell the sexual arousal of him. I wanted the moments to go on forever. I can only wish that I had a mind recorder so that I could capture the full detail of the experience, to replay it over and over, relive it in exquisite detail. Enjoy that lovely cock over and over.

I caressed my face against the cock. Back and forth I rubbed the organ against the skin of my face, reveling in the warm hardness of the shaft. I leaned back slightly and looked at the cock, thrilled at the sight of the now fully aroused, throbbing organ, beckoning to me. I leaned forward, my lips on the head of his cock, tasting the skin. I moaned in exotic thrill at the taste and smell and texture of the cock. The lovely hard cock in front of me. The cock was at full mast now, fully hard with the feel of my lips on the shaft. My companion knew he was going to get a blowjob and just relaxed back against the wall, surrendering to my mouth. I caressed the head of the cock with my tongue, teasing the skin. I licked the head of the cock, taking a leaking pearl of his juice on my tongue. I moaned again to myself as I tasted him on my tongue. I slid my lips over the head, very slowly and delicately to ease his transition from desire to anticipation to the new and welcome home of the cock in my mouth. Which is what I now wanted from my companion. To let me consume his cock. To let me fully enjoy the cock in all its mystery and majesty. No quick thrill and departure for either of us. My desire was to fully enjoy the cock at my leisure. At length, and at my choosing, I would let the cock burst forth in my mouth. 

I leaned my hands on the wall, on either side of his hips. My mouth on the cock, lips tenderly caressing the shaft. Slowly and delicately caressing the shaft. Slowly up and down on the shaft. A delicate teasing caress of my lips on the skin. A feathery caress of the shaft with my lips. I move my lips down near the base. To let the cock become comfortable in my mouth. Teasing it. No rushing. I often read about frantic hard sucking and I can only say that that seems to me to miss the point entirely. A cock sucking artist wants the male organ to be brought not to a simple ejaculation but an overwhelming and unstoppable gushing flood of semen. For the act to leave the recipient utterly drained of energy. In short, to take the life essence fully and completely out of him. And so my technique is to softly and slowly caress the shaft in my lips. Breathing in the smell of him. The occasional moan and gasp from my companion. The encouragement flowing from him. 'That feels so good'. 'Yes, more'. 'ohhh god yesssss'. But I am unyielding on my knees in front of the cock. The slow caressing in my mouth continues. Occasionally I touch the tip of the shaft with my tongue. Lick the juice. Taste his juice in my mouth. My mouth becomes the taste of his cock. I suck on the head of the cock for just a moment. I feel him stiffen so relax immediately.

I release his cock from my mouth entirely. Let it bob in the air in front of me for just a moment. Let his pleasure ebb for a moment. I take the shaft deep in my mouth. Pressing hard with my lips on the base of the shaft. No pressure at all on the head. I suck now on the base of the shaft. The entire cock in my warm mouth, but little in the way of pressure on the head of the shaft. I can feel him trembling but the pressure on the base and not on the head will not let him cum. He thrusts hips, trying to drive the head of his cock into my throat. But I time his thrusts and my mouth on the shaft to prevent this desired friction. I place one of my hands on his hip, partially to manage his hip thrusting. I can feel him trembling in front of me. He arches his back and hips forward. I feel him straining. He is moaning and speaking. 'Fuck...... oh fuck........oh oh oh.....fuck.......going to cum......let me cum.......fuck fuck fuck'. Probably he wants to talk like that all of the time but cannot with his wife or girlfriend. But here in anonymous sex, he is free to say what he likes. And he is. 

He is close now. I can feel him close. I press my lips hard on his shaft and let him fuck my mouth. I urge this with my hand on his hip, my fingertips urging him forward and backward. It takes but a moment for this unspoken communication to come to effect. His hip thrusting commences in earnest, the cock driving in and out of my mouth in rapid stabbing lunges. My lips are pressed firmly on the middle of the shaft. I feel his body trembling uncontrollably, his soaring ecstasy more than apparent. I anticipate that this is going to last only a moment. A few of these thrusts of his cock in my mouth. My lips press firmly on the hard shaft, letting him fuck his cock into my mouth. He manages to thrust only a few times and then goes rigid, his hips arching forward, a loud groan emanating from him. The cock stiffens and I know that this is the moment. The cock throbs in my mouth; once, then again, then a gasp from him, and then a warm spewing of his semen in my mouth. He remains rigid as he ejaculates his semen into my mouth; his hips arched forward, his entire being in his spewing cock. I wait until he is finished throbbing in my mouth. Then I slide my lips down the shaft and press on the base. His modest public hair against my face. I squeeze my lips on the base of the shaft and draw very slowly halfway up. A groan of pleasure emanates from him. I can feel more semen flow onto my tongue. I slide my lips very lightly back down the shaft and repeat the exercise, squeezing hard with my lips on the base of the shaft, and then drawing halfway up. No touch of the head of the cock. Just the slow and I believe from his reaction, agonizingly pleasurable post climax bliss. I repeat this. Repeat again. Slower. And repeat again. My lips on his cock drawing the last of the cum and pleasure from the cock. Slowly drawing from base to halfway up. And again.

For my part, I would have gone on forever in this embrace. My mouth filled with his cum and his cock very slowly deflating. Slowly and delicately sucking on the cock in post climax resolution. No touch of the head of the cock to precipitate a withdrawal. My hand encouragingly on his bare hip, holding him there for my mouth. Slowly sucking on the cock with infinite enjoyment, his cock and my mouth bathed in his ejaculated semen. Eventually he withdraws from my mouth and with a gasp of satisfaction, sinks back against the wall. As he withdraws, I take care with my mouthful of his semen, not to make a mess. And I remain on my knees in front of him. I look at the cock, so recently in lovely full throbbing erection, now hanging down, balls emptied. I revel in the experience of the cock suck. I look up at my companion, and swallow his cum. 

I stand and lean back against the wall. I hardly know what to expect at this point, but whatever it is, I am satisfied. Am I aroused beyond description but if he pulls up his britches and leaves the room without a word, it will be fine. I cannot remember ever enjoying a sexual encounter more than what has just occurred. We have not, either of us, uttered a word to each other. His words during the act were his own enjoyment. Such is the power of the anonymous male sexual encounter. No words are expected, no actions or reciprocations asked or expected. If I had wanted a blowjob at the beginning and he refused, instead of the actual event that transpired, I would simply have walked out of the room and tried elsewhere. No complaints or recriminations. No hurt feelings. Just understood and unspoken anonymous male sex.

In the event, my companion congratulated me on my skill and said thank you. And then, after pulling up his britches, he left the room and departed the video shop. As did I.