 Some time has passed since my last visit to the video shop. It happens that a mistress intruded on marital bliss and the distractions excluded contemplation of cock sucking. Except to the extent that I have lately considered that my interest in cock, cock sucking, and the joys of anonymous male sex appear to be strongly linked to stability in my heterosexual relationship. To the extent that the latter is unsettled for any reason, my focus seems to be on re-establishing a stable relationship with a woman, with no energy left over for anonymous male sex. In the current case, wife number two is now firmly established – not the mistress, wife number one having been abominably treated by your author. And with the return to social stability, so inexorably it would seem is my interest in cock. At first a modest reflection of good times past, and then increasingly a growing curiosity of places and events past, explorations made, and then finally, plans to revisit past haunts. 

And so it is that I enter the video store. A lengthy absence but all appears unchanged. I do a perusal of the offerings in the front of the shop, surreptitiously observing the comings and goings through the door to the video rooms. Finally I go through the door myself and find that nothing has changed. The same rooms and group of men milling about, as though time had stood still in the world of anonymous male sex. I observe a few couplings and this is all familiar. A guy loiters in the doorway of a room, a clear offer being made. Prospective companions stroll past. In some cases the doorway owner makes a small body motion to leave space to enter. Clearly he likes what he sees of a potential companion and makes an offer. Guys stroll about observing the men staking out a room. Occasionally a stroller stops at a doorway, clearly an expression of interest. The doorway occupant will retreat into the room or stand his ground, the latter a denial. All of this elaborate ballet of unspoken offer, acceptance, and denial. 

And then of course the occasions when two men retreat into a room and the door closes. Typically there will be men hanging about near the door, waiting for an emergence. Either hoping that the occupant is skillful or at least generous, and will accept the next in line for a turn. Or hoping that one of the occupants remains in the room and they can slip in for an easy suck of an overheated cock. Such aggressive behavior might gain a prize for a hopeful cock sucker when choice alone might make his task more challenging. An outcome I know all too well from my last visit, where my second companion gave me the most delicious suck that I would certainly have declined had I been fully in control of my faculties. But he had been there before and seized the opportunity available. And it took only a moment to persuade me to accept.

In the present case, I mill about with the others, observing and selecting. There is an attractive older man at a doorway. I see that he has declined one or two offers. I stroll up to his door and he makes a small movement to make way into his room. I enter and he closes the door. He is my size, slim, well dressed, and attractive. He has spent a lot of time working on his tan. I guess he is in his 40s. As usual, I assume he is married, here on a few stolen moments away from hearth and home. I am nervous with anticipation as it has been a long time since I have been in this situation. He wastes no time in displaying his cock which he wanks for a bit while I look on. He is justly proud as it is a magnificent specimen, seven inches, a nice largeish girth, and beautifully shaped. I observe that he has not spared the cock in his tanning efforts. 

His opening gambit takes me back as he asks how much I will charge to suck him. I hardly know how to answer but eventually reply that I am not in the trade but that I am very impressed with his cock. He replies that this, meaning his cock, is nothing, that he 'played with one the other day that went up to here', and points to his belly button. I respond in favor of such an organ and reach for his, reassuring him that he has no reason for envy. He has been wanking on his cock since we entered the room. He now releases it and I caress the organ with my fingers. He is fully erect but it is not clear that he is all that aroused. The cock appears to have no reaction when I caress it with my fingers. Normally when one touches an erect cock in these circumstances, the cock will jump or quiver as the owner is already highly aroused from the anticipation. The first few moments can easily carry the nervous away in an undesired spurt. But not on this occasion. I look at him while I roll his cock in my fingertips. He observes my work on his cock. 

I sink to my knees in front of him, the hard cock jutting out from his slacks. I slide my hands off of his cock to his hips and press my lips on the head. I caress the head in my lips, taking it in my mouth, swirling my tongue around the head. I continue the swirling tongue work on the head of the cock for some time, my companion murmuring encouragement. Normally I am reluctant to begin this aggressively on a cock as it might precipitate an early ejaculation. But in this case, I am still not sure he is all that aroused, despite being hard as rock. And he is all of that. I slide my lips down over the shaft and take his cock into my mouth. He is a mouthful. And he is hard. He places his hands on my head and murmurs in appreciation. Small hip thrusts follow as he holds my head and moves his cock into and out of my mouth. Surrendering control like this is not my favorite way to start by any means, but it has been a long time since I have felt a cock in my mouth and this is a wonderful cock.

My hands are on his hips which are thrusting, his cock sliding in and out of my mouth with increasing speed and depth. I apply some modest pressure on his hips to suggest that he slow down a bit with the deep thrusting. But if he got the message, it was ignored. My eyes begin to water a bit as the head of the cock is driving just into the entrance of my throat. He is making more noises of enjoyment, 'aghhh....yes fuck fuck fuck......good fuck mouth'. Suddenly he pulls the cock out of my mouth. It is rock hard, throbbing, and glistening in front of my face. I have drool on my face from the mouth fucking he has been giving me and my eyes are watering. Even so, I look up and see him staring at his cock, a look of evident appreciation of the beauty of his cock in this aroused state. And to be sure it is beautiful. Full, rock hard, throbbing, the self-evident demonstration of masculine power. I am mesmerized. 

I have but a moment to try to compose myself, wiping the drool off of my face and trying to clear my eyes. He still has his hands on my head and now pulls my mouth back to his cock, the organ sliding between my lips. His hips thrusts commence anew, driving his cock in and out of my mouth. More gasps of evident pleasure emanate from him as I try to clamp down on the shaft as hard as possible with my lips. He is clearly fully aroused with energy now as the cock is being driven into my throat. His technique is to push in deeply several times and then pull halfway out and soak for a minute. And then resume. He repeats this over and over. Occasionally he goes extra deep and I have to fully concentrate to avoid a gag reflex. He pulls out of my mouth again. Again he stares at his rock hard cock sticking out from his hips, glistening and throbbing. It seems clear now that he is admiring his own cock. So am I.

He reaches down and grasps his cock in his hand, wanking furiously on it, his hips arched, the cock jutting out. He lets go and again looks down at his cock, thrusting his hips to make it bounce in the air. He takes my head in his hands and resumes fucking my mouth. His hips thrust frantically and he is grunting and groaning. I assume this is going to end in a mouthful of his semen in just a moment. Suddenly he stops thrusting and I wonder what is going to come next. My curiosity is soon answered as he holds my head firmly and slowly slides the cock fully into my mouth and down my throat. He holds it there for a very long moment, a death grip on my head, my face buried against his belly, the head of his cock far down my throat. I can feel his cock throbbing and straining to go deeper. He pulls out of my throat and I take a great gasp of air. Which I need as he grips my head tightly and slides into my throat again. He enjoys another long soak in my throat. Gasps and groans of pleasure emanate from him. I feel him shuddering so this is obviously pleasurable for him and I assume he is going to climax at any moment. The cock is again throbbing in my throat and I expect to feel his cum spurt.

He suddenly pulls out and pushes my head away. His cock is quivering, rock hard in front of him. He sinks back against the wall. I wait for a moment and then approach his cock but he holds me away with his hand on my head. All the time he is looking down at his cock. A long few moments pass, the room in utter silence. I wipe the tears and drool off of my face. And then he zippers up. I cannot believe it. He walks out of the room, leaving the door open behind him. 

I am standing in the room with the door open, leaning back against the wall, trying to regain some composure. And of course I am trying to make some sense of the events that just transpired. But I have little time to reflect as before I can exit the room, I am joined by a new companion. The door is closed and I am alone with a huge bull of a man. He is young and looks to be a prototype football player, with huge everything; limbs, torso, and a large head and neck. And I soon discover that god was not teasing when this man was put together. He displays a very large specimen. I reflect that it seems to be my night for large cocks. This one is eight and a bit but with a very large girth. And it is not round. Rather it is somewhat irregularly shaped, almost as if steel rods had been hammered together to make up his organ. I grasp the organ in my hand and caress it rather firmly. The analogy to steel was not misplaced. He is rock hard. He seems aroused but in control. He asks me if the previous companion got me off. I reply in the negative. He reaches for my cock, only modestly full and of course almost a toy compared to his monster.

The new companion wants to hug and kiss. His ardor in this regard is forceful. I participate and do not resist his touching and fondling, forceful touching and fondling, but this line of activity is not my preference. He is clearly interested in my cock, and the rest of me it seems. His hands and arms are relentless in their groping. I have been continuing to stroke and pump his huge cock with the intent to entice him into letting me cock suck. But his grappling with me has prevented any effort to sink to my knees. I conclude that it seems likely that he is a gay man and he is interested in something beyond a blowjob. This is confirmed after a bit when he suggests that we retire to his car which he explains is parked just outside. The groping of my cock and the persistent kissing continue amidst ongoing requests that we adjourn to his car where we will have more room and privacy. 

The object of his adjournment interest seems clear enough. He wants to fuck me. I begin to consider this. I did not come here to get fucked in the ass. On the other hand, I am not a prude. It would be foolishly naive to suggest that fucking had never occurred to me. And of course I have been there before in my youth. In the active role then and not by choice, rather than the passive role as I would be now. If I went through with it. It is my choice now. Having been there, the act does not seem so foreign. And my companion is clearly widely aroused for it. More than aroused. He is close to frantic with his kissing and groping. And I become nervous about all of this. He is so huge a man that I would be easily physically overpowered by him. His cock is huge but I have no fear of his hurting me with it. Unless I asked him to slow down and he refused. In that case I would likely get raped in the ass. I have visions of being pinned under this huge strong body and getting lunge fucked in the ass. Perhaps this is unfair, but I decide that this is not for me.

I decide to try one last time for a blowjob. I suggest to him that I want to taste him. 'Let me have a taste of you' I whisper in his ear. He again presses that we retire to his car but I disengage just enough so that I can bend over and immediately take his cock in my mouth. I am hopeful that once engaged in my mouth, he will give up and let me suck him off. But I had not reckoned with either the size of him or his interest in my ass. He is more than a mouthful. I am bent over with my mouth on his cock. I cannot do the cock justice because of my awkward bent over position and the sheer size of the organ. He is holding my hips up with those huge meaty hands of his. He slides his hands inside my slacks over my bare ass cheeks. His fingers find my asshole. My bare ass cheeks and the apparent interest in my asshole seem to have encouraged my companion all the more. There is now much vigorous squeezing and pulling on my ass which is having the effect of forcing my mouth on his cock. I can barely breathe. 

So I have decided to end this. I stand and he immediately embraces me again, pinning me against the wall, more kisses, his hands still on my bare ass, squeezing vigorously, voluptuously if I were more into this. But alas, I am not. I wedge my hands against his chest and push him away, apologizing. He persists with the suggestion that we retire to his car. I open the door to the room. It takes a few minutes for all of this to finally come to resolution, but eventually he leaves the room, I assume disappointed at being cock teased. Taking no chances this time, I immediately stagger out of the room and embrace the hallway wall. 

I spend some time against the wall trying to regain my composure. I put my clothes back in order, disheveled from the vigorous groping of companion two. My jaws and throat are a bit sore from the battering my mouth has received from my two companions. And I have not yet enjoyed a mouthful of cum. Men continue to mill about but there is no sign of either of my companions. I take some deep breaths and focus on calming down. It occurs to me to call it a night and leave. But I still have some free time that I will not have to account for and I would like to spend some time on my knees enjoying a cock rather than depart with memories of throat and ass fucking. Although I consider that given the state of my jaws and throat, the next time should be with a small cock that is ready to burst. I laugh to myself that I should bring signs to hang on my door. The next one would advertise for a small cock for a maximum of three minutes. Sort of like buying cock to go at Walmart. 

Eventually I recover enough to resume the game. I begin taking in the action of my colleagues. I note that across from me a youngish fellow has entered a room and closed the door. I did not notice who went in with him. I hang out for a bit to see what transpires. Meanwhile the action is thinning out. This is not a late night sport. Married men need to be home early or answer many awkward questions. That applies to me as well. I have some time but it is limited. Eventually the door across from me opens and the fellow begins to exit. Then he notices me looking at him and stops. I wait for a moment to see if someone emerges. I ponder for a moment. Perhaps he has wanked off all by himself and any further efforts on my part would be a disappointing waste of my time and energy. But he is clearly extending an invitation and he is a reasonably good looking fellow. 

I approach his room and enter, closing the door behind me. He is leaning against the wall. I stand immediately in front of him, almost touching. I whisper to him, 'take it out'. He is nervous and I wonder if this is his first time. He fumbles with his clothes. I decide if he is not erect, I will leave, call it a night, and go home. But I feel a nice erection press against my leg. I reach down for it, wrapping my fingers around the shaft. I feel him shake from my touch. Normally I would be very careful about bringing him off too quickly. But in the event, my jaws are aching from the previous battering so I am less concerned about an early climax. And besides, there are worse things to do than fondle a pleasingly erect cock. And my companion is clearly enjoying the attention. His cock has become firmer and already his breath a bit ragged from the stimulation.

I kneel in front of him, telling him to unfasten his slacks. He does so and the slacks fall to his ankles. He has a fine organ and my run of oversized cocks continues. This specimen is seven odd long and a lovely round shape, above average in girth. Nothing like the monster of companion two, but an organ most men would be very glad to possess. The cock is throbbing slightly in front of me. I can see that my companion is shaking, clearly nervous. I lean forward to touch the end of his cock with my lips. The cock immediately stiffens and I half expect him to spurt out. But all is well and I slide my lips over the head of the cock, taking it in my mouth. His skin has a mildly acid taste. I rest for a moment with my mouth holding the head of his cock. The wonder of why I am here floods my mind. I lick the tip and again feel him stiffen. I bring my hands up and press them on the front of his hips, caressing the skin. I hear a murmured moan from him. And then I slide my lips slowly down the length of his shaft, taking him fully in my mouth. I feel him stiffen again and I hear him take in a huge gasp of breath. A lovely hard cock filling my mouth. I sigh in utter bliss.

But given his reaction to my efforts, I assume my companion is not long for the blowjob part of this world. While I might otherwise be disappointed and try techniques to prolong the effort, the events of the night make a speedy conclusion seem like a pleasant outcome. To that end, I slide one of my hands under his balls and cup the sack. An immediate huge stiffening and another decided gasp of pleasure from my companion. Again I expect him to climax but again he relaxes. I begin rolling and squeezing his balls in my hand, and at the same time sucking on his cock. And a lovely cock it is to suck. Even though it is a bit oversized, it seems positively human in its texture and rigidity compared to the battering rams of the previous companions. 

I begin sucking with enjoyment, my lips pressing on the shaft. I work on the mid shaft to the head area, assuming that this will finish him off with both enjoyment and dispatch. His shaking continues as I work on the cock. My lips caress the velvet smooth skin, sliding up and down on the lovely hard shaft, reveling in being on my knees and sucking on a hard cock. My companion leaning back against the wall, completely and utterly surrendered to my mouth nursing on his cock. On my knees, rapturously sucking on a lovely hard cock. All is right with the world. Gasps and moans of pleasure flow from him. I am energized by his evident reaction to my efforts. I take the cock deep in my mouth and squeeze my lips on the base of the shaft. Then draw my mouth off of the shaft, squeezing my lips on the shaft the entire way. A loud 'ooooooooooohhh' from my companion. I repeat this, taking the organ fully in my mouth and drawing off of it. I repeat this again and again. His shaking becomes more intense as do his cries of pleasurable delight and I am certain that he is going to spurt at any moment. 

There is much shaking, huffing, puffing, groans, and gasps of pleasure. But there is no climax. I resume sucking on the cock, alternating from vigorous caressing of the head of the cock and my lips pressing on the shaft just below and over the head. I continue this until my jaws begin to fatigue. Perhaps he is too nervous to be able to climax. There is no doubt that he is enjoying the experience. But I do not have the stamina or interest to go on with this all night. I have one last technique to employ and bring this to bear now. With his cock in my mouth, I arch my neck so that the top of his cock is pressed against the roof of my mouth. And then I employ my tongue in a very rapidly fluttering licking of the sweet spot under the head of his cock. The effect is immediate and dramatic. He stiffens rock hard, raises himself up on his toes and emits a mewling scream of pleasure. But he does not climax. 
