 A recent event reminded me of this story from a few years ago. Thought I'd share. 

During my early years, I did the usual playing and experimenting. When I was in my early 20's I was in love with pussy, but found myself thinking about men from time to time. My thoughts were not "romantic" but purely sexual and physical. Eventually I found myself looking at the men's cock as much as the women when I was looking at porn. 

I think the real turning point came one morning when I got a "booty call" from one of my friends with benefits. She was in her mid 40's and married. Her husband traveled a lot for work, sometimes gone for over a week at a time. She met me at the door wearing only a see through nightgown and we went straight to the bedroom. She was in quite a state and I asked her why she was so worked up? She was from the Deep South with a buttery sounding southern accent. She proceeded to tell me that her husband had left on a trip right before she called me. But before leaving, he had fucked her. She always found his penis too small and he came too quickly. This time was no exception. He bent her over the edge of the bed, pulled out his dick went at her. After he came, he put his dick back in his pants, grabbed is jacket and suitcase, gave her a peck on the cheek and was out the door. Now I understood. 

I moved between her legs and started to slide in. She moaned and raised her hips towards me. I was suddenly deep in her and I could feel s pool of his cum inside her. She must have noticed the look on my face because she said, "I'm sorry suhga. Should I have cleaned up first"? "You got here so quickly and all..." "I know it's got to be a mess in there. The man really does cum a pint." I was so excited, I started shooting and adding my cum to the supply her husband had left behind. I remained hard and we spent the next four hours in bed. 

I never lost my love for pussy, but after that morning, I knew what I wanted to try next. 

At about that time, America Online was the new internet service (this was before a lot of people even knew what internet was.) AOL had tons of chatrooms on just about every topic you could imagine (and a few you probably wouldn't want to). After a few visits online, I started chatting with a guy in one of the local M2M rooms. He seemed pretty normal and sane. He was 48, married, retired from the Navy and had his own business doing small electrical engine repairs. I agreed to meet him at his shop the next day at 4:30. 

The next day I (somewhat nervously) strolled through the door and was greeted by a lean man with a nice smile. He was about 5'10", brown hair combed back and an easy manner about him. He introduced himself as "Nick" and shook my hand. 

We chatted and talked for a few minutes until he looked at his watch and walked to the front of the shop and hung out the "closed" sign. He then led me to the back and into a large office area. I noticed there was a cot against one wall and a bathroom with a shower in an adjoining room. Right now I was a combination of nervous and excited. But I didn't have time to dwell on either. While making small chit chat, Nick kicked off his shoes and started to unbutton his shirt. Nick said "Why don't you get comfortable"? As I started to remove my clothes, Nick dropped his pants around his ankles. He was wearing boxer briefs and he was making quiet a tent in them. I wasn't wearing underwear and when I pulled down my pants, Nick said, "Nice." He removed his shorts and his cock strained into view. He was hung with about seven inches. The shaft was not overly large but it was crowned by a nice size head. And he was hard. The head was almost purple and looked like it was ready to explode. But his manner remained relaxed and easy going. This guy was completely comfortable with himself. 

He took a towel off of a shelf and then strolled over to a cushioned chair. He covered the seat cushion with the towel and sat down. I couldn't take my eyes off his cock as it gently bounced while he walked. And when he sat down, it was hard and pointing up to the ceiling. He smiled and said, "Well Sport, I believe you said this was what you wanted." I just nodded my head and said, "Yeah".

I moved over in front of him and dropped on my knees. I reached out and, for the first time in years, I took another man's cock in my hands. After slowly stroking it for a couple of minutes, I descended on it with my mouth. I started bobbing my head up and down while sucking on the head. After a couple of minutes, Nick said, "Whoa, easy there sport." You are not trying to literally suck a golf ball through a garden hose." When I took my mouth off, he looked at me and asked, "Have you done this much?" I told him that it had been years and even then I was usually on the receiving end. 

"Here, let me show you something." He said. With that he stood up and we switched places. Now he took my (almost) eight inch cock in his hands and slowly stroked it. I also have a pretty thick shaft with a "mushroom" head. He finally opened his mouth and took my cockhead in. Instead of hard suction, he slowly massaged it with his lips and tongue. He also flicked his tongue on the underside of my cock head which caused me to arch upward. He started to work his hands up my chest to my nipples where he began to gently pinch and stroke. A few women had played with my nipples while I fucked them, and as a result, my nipples are very sensitive. After a few minutes, my head was spinning. He removed one of his hands from my nipples and slipped it under my cock and started to gently massage my balls. I begin to groan, grunt and tense up. Nick removed his mouth and begin to stroke my cock with his hand. Within moments, a veritable cum explosion followed. It felt like cum was shooting up from someplace way deep inside. It was a mess. 

As I sat there and tried to catch my breath, Nick handed me a cold cola out of his refrigerator. (I later found out that Nick was a recovering alcoholic who had been sober for over ten years.) He also handed me a warm, damp wash cloth to clean up with. 

When I could speak, I said, "So, that's how it's done, huh?" He laughed and replied, "Well that's one way." 

I saw that his cock was still solid hard and erect. I pointed at it and said, "Looks like I need to return the favor." He smiled and replied, "I think you need some recovery time first. Your spirit might be willing but I doubt you could keep up the pace for very long." The way I felt right then, I didn't try to argue. "I don't want to leave you like that. Got to be something I can do" 

He smiled and said, "Well, if you really mean it..." 

He signaled for me to get up and I (somewhat unsteadily) stood up. He pointed to the cot and I walked over and lay down on my back. Nick raised my legs up and begin to lick my ass. I had never experienced this before and I could feel my ass twitch and react to his tongue. He raised up and I saw that he had a tube of KY Jelly in his hand. He squeezed some into his hand and begin to apply it to his cock. As he applied some KY to my tight little hole, I knew what was coming. I had corn holed some guys when I was younger, but I had only had one cock up my ass. That was several years ago and was much smaller than Nick's rigid member. 

Nick separated my legs and put my ankles upon his shoulders. "OK, Sport, now push out and then release when you feel me push in" I felt the head of his cock against my ass and I begin to push like I was using the bathroom. When I felt his head start to make entry, I relaxed and he popped in. The feeling was surprising. Not so much pain but a sensation of being really full and needing to empty my bowels. Nick began to slowly push in and out. Each stroke was adding more cock inside me. Finally I felt his nut sack resting against my butt. After pausing for a minute to let me get used to the feeling, he pulled back and being to stroke me with a slow rhythm. Each in stroke made me feel like air was being push out of my lungs. And the sensation originating in my ass was like electric current going all through my body. 

After a few minutes he leaned over me and increased the rate of his pumping. I remembered what he had done to me earlier and I reached up and started gently rubbing his nipples. This seemed to excite him even more and I would swear that his cock got even harder. I was surprised to notice that my cock started getting hard again just from my ass being drilled. Nick fucked me for about 20 minutes (stopping once to add some more lube to his cock) and then with a sudden burst, he exploded in my bowels. He let out yell and slammed into me. After a brief pause to catch our breath, he pulled out. 

Sitting on the edge of the cot he looked over at me and said, "I think we are going to get along just fine." 

And we did.