 In which our hero does new math. 

A few weeks since my visit to the video shop. It took a week or so for my poor mouth and jaw to fully recover from the pummeling I received. This led to an often considered subject of the physical relations between men and women. Companion two made clear that he wanted to fuck me. Although my principal interest, and the reason I went to the video shop, was cock sucking, I somewhat seriously considered assenting to companion two's request. After all, it is just sex and in the right circumstances, it would probably be fun. In the event, I was concerned about the overpowering size and strength of companion two and his more than ardent interest. So I declined for reasons of personal safety, not a lack of interest. Of course men are almost always larger and stronger than women. How must women feel all of the time? 

And companion one's enthusiasm for rough throat fucking. At least it seemed rough to me. Which of us has not wanted at some time to drive our cock down the throat of a woman? Companion one did not ask me, at least not directly. I suppose if I had objected, he may have taken it easy or stopped altogether. In the event, I actually rather enjoyed the experience, at least somewhat secure in the knowledge that I was strong enough to get free if that became necessary. What about a much smaller woman in the same circumstance who lacks such reassuring strength. I cannot imagine what that must be like. 

An unexpected departure of my wife for an out of town family emergency has provided an opportunity for some recreation on a Saturday night. I am not able to get started until late and I decide that it will probably be too late for my preferred fare of married men cock sucking at the video shop. So I decide to go instead to the adult movie theater. I have been back now and then to engage in one of my favorite recreational pastimes, which is to strip from the waist down and play with my cock. I like to delay my climaxes as long as possible, riding along on a wave of keeping it on the boil right at the edge, timing my climax to an arousing conclusion in the video. I can usually enjoy four or five climaxes over the course of several hours with the supporting stimulation of good porn films. It has actually been a couple of days since I have climaxed, an unusual occurrence for me, so I am in full flood when I arrive at the theater.

I find the theater unusually full. Of course I am glad that they are doing well financially as for personal enjoyment reasons, I do not want them to go out of business. But on the occasion, it may be difficult to fully enjoy myself if I am constantly on the watch for being observed. I stumble around in the dark for a bit until I finally find a seat. I settle in to enjoy a film where an attractive girl is servicing five men. This is my favorite kind of porn and I begin watching with interest, caressing my cock through my slacks. Eventually an extended double penetration sequence begins. I am always impressed by the stamina of the girls who do these scenes, particularly with a group of men where the double fucking is constant for extended periods. I soon become very aroused and open my slacks to free enough of my cock so that I can touch bare skin. I am enthusiastically playing with my cock as I watch the video when I am joined in the next seat by another patron. I have my shirt out and I cover my bare cock so I am not really exposed. But I cease and desist playing with my cock while I consider moving seats for more privacy. 

I begin scanning the theater for alternatives places to sit when my new neighbor touches my leg with his. Although unexpected, this is hardly a shock. This is an adult movie theater and in the far reaches of the corners of the place and in the men's room, there are hookups and couplings going on. I consider what to do while taking a surreptitious look at my neighbor. If the neighbor is an unattractive prospect, then I will immediately get up and move. I'll do the best that I can putting my cock back in place in the process. I may move anyway as my intent in coming here was to play with my cock in peace and quiet for several hours and thoroughly empty my balls. But I begin to consider again how lovely it might be to fondle and suckle a cock at my leisure. My review of my neighbor confirms that he is a reasonably attractive fellow, casually dressed, neat and clean, and ten years or so older than myself. I have not responded to him yet as I consider what to do. But I have no doubt that he chose to sit next to me because he saw me playing with my cock. Perhaps he has changed seats several times, making similar invitations.

I decide to explore this a bit and press my leg back against his. After a moment, his hand slides over to touch my leg. This is all expected and I relax to see where this may lead. His fingers caress my leg, eventually gripping the inside of my thigh for a squeeze. I am sitting in my seat with my zipper down and slacks open. My shirt is covering all of this but my cock is hard and throbbing under the shirt. I slide my hand under my shirt and resume caressing my cock. My companion continues to caress and squeeze my leg with his hand, eventually sliding his hand up the inside of my thigh. Of course I have my slacks on but even so, the physical contact is arousing. Finally he slides his hand up between my legs so that the back of his hand presses lightly against my balls. He rolls his hand against my balls for a bit before leaning over to whisper to me. The invitation is to go to his apartment with him. 

A short time later we enter his apartment. I am on my motorcycle so I have my riding paraphernalia to remove. His apartment is small and modest and gives all of the appearance of being occupied by a single guy, no doubt my companion. He is my size, reasonably attractive, and roughly ten or twelve years older than I. There is nothing aggressive about his manner or approach. He is all politeness as he offers me a beer and we chat for a few moments about motorcycles as I discard the riding gear. He finds out that I am discharged army attending college and I find out that he works at a bar. He asks me if I am pressed for time so I can only assume that he assumes that I am married. I reassure him that while I cannot stay the night, I am not pressed for time. We soon retire to his bed, each of us undressing. 

We lay in bed together, both nude, both of us having a close look at the other. He clearly likes what he sees as he is aroused. His cock is lovely; I should think every gay man's dream. He is a bit larger than average with an above average girth. But the cock is of the most beautiful classic rolling pin shape, a constant circumference with a blunt head. He is uncut. But the big surprise is that from the neck down, he is entirely hairless. That lovely rolling pin cock emerges from a completely smooth body, magnifying the beauty and elegance of the organ. While I am not heavily endowed with hair, I feel positively bushlike compared to his smooth body. 

I assume he is going to want to kiss and neck as I anticipate that for him, this is going to be making love to another man. But he is not at all aggressive about his approach and eventually I reach over and caress his face. This seems to break enough reassuring ground that he embraces me and we press together and begin kissing and caressing. Both of us are aroused and our cocks press together between us. We go on in this for some time, both of us caressing and squeezing with our hands, both of us caressing the cock of the other. I am captivated by the feel of his rolling pin cock. It is full but not rock hard and I delight in playing with it at my leisure. And his smooth hairless body is delicious to the touch. I find myself aroused by the conflict of smooth and hairless, like a woman's body, combined with the lovely full cock which I fondle with enthusiasm.

We are lying side by side facing each other. He rolls over on top of me. I part my legs to accommodate the new position, our cocks pressed together between us. He begins gentle thrusting of his hips, his cock pressing into my belly and of course my cock pressed between our bellies as well. He leans down to begin kissing me and he rolls his hips. This motion grinds on our cocks, sandwiched between our bellies. This is all pleasant and arousing but I know that I am soon going to be faced with the question of whether or not to let him fuck me. I am of decided mixed mind on the issue. In the interim, I lift my legs and hug his hips with them. We continue kissing and his arousal is more than apparent in the enthusiasm of his cock rubbing on my belly. He tells me that he will put on a rubber. In a flash I am jolted to again consider the dilemma of women who are faced with this very same question, not occasionally like now, but constantly. Do I let him slide his cock into my body and fuck his manhood and passion into me? 

I want to have his cock in my mouth. If I let him fuck me and he cums, he may not have an interest in anything further or he may not be able to. I want to enjoy the full blooded erection, at least for a bit, not a halfhearted struggle when he is empty or uninterested. So I respond that I would like to but would like to taste him first. Confirming that he is okay with that, we roll over, disentangle, and I slide down to kneel between his legs. His cock jutting from the smooth bare skin is even more breathtaking up close. He is full but his cock lacks the rigidity to stand up straight. So it is full and lying on his smooth hairless belly. I lean forward and lick the bottom of the cock. His skin tastes remotely of something close to nutmeg. I explore and caress the underside of the cock with my lips and tongue. Eventually I pick the cock up from his belly lifting the blunt head of the cock with my lips and sliding my lips down over the head. I look up at his face as I slide my lips down over the shaft. His eyes are closed and he is completely relaxed, having surrendered to my mouth. I begin sliding my mouth up and down on the shaft, reveling in the taste and texture of the skin. I am in no hurry and employ my usual feather light caresses of my lips on the skin of the cock. I employ a soft feathery caress, enjoying the feel of the cock in my mouth, and his occasional murmur of pleasure. His hips perform a modest strain upward as I blissfully suck on his cock. 

Eventually he reaches for me and pulls me up off of his cock. He leans down to kiss me and caress my cock. He tells me that my mouth feels wonderful. We kiss for a few minutes and then without effort on my part, he lays back down and I continue my work on his lovely organ. I lift his balls in one of my hands and casually roll them in my fingers. The skin of his balls is also smooth and hairless. The texture of the skin is like velvet. I slide my lips back over the head of the cock and press firmly. His murmurs of pleasure increase. While I am working on the cock with my mouth, I realize that I do not care if he climaxes in my mouth. In fact, my modest efforts are for my enjoyment of his cock. If he asks me now to fuck, I am certainly going to let him. I can identify no reason not to. Meanwhile I continue my blissful sucking on his organ, sliding my lips up and down on the shaft, slowly but with enough pressure to receive a steady stream of encouraging sounds from him. I continue toying with and rolling his balls in my fingers. I sigh and moan repeatedly with utter abandon, such is my enjoyment with this wonderful organ in my mouth, warm and alive, leaking his essence into my mouth.

And then I hear him say that he will cum if I do not stop. I have observed a definite increase in the straining of his hips, rocking upward to match the motion of my mouth on his cock. But hearing this, I decide to let him decide. I release his cock from my mouth, gently returning it to its resting place, lying on his belly. I look up at him. There is a long pause and an unspoken exchange and then he reaches for the condom. He suggests that this may be easier for me face down. I ask how he prefers and he responds face to face. I lie down on my back. He slides the condom on and positions himself between my legs, which I lift to provide access. I provide some directional assistance with my fingers, and with some pressure from him, I feel him begin to slide in. He puts his arms under the back of my legs to provide some leverage and slowly presses his cock into me. I feel his cock slide into my asshole, a lovely filling sensation. A bit of discomfort follows that dissipates into a feeling of being filled and possessed as he lies on top of me, his cock in me up to his balls, a gasp of pleasure from him as his chest presses on mine. 

So I am on my back with my feet in the air being fucked. His chest is pressed against mine, his head next to mine, I can hear him breathing. I cannot avoid the flashes of juxtaposition where I am on top of a woman with my cock in her, holding her legs up to gain leverage and depth. I feel him press into me, very slowly, again and again, something of a slow rocking motion. At once I realize that he is still being polite and is concerned about hurting me. My arms are around his shoulders and my hands on his shoulder blades. I tell him softly that he is not hurting me and that it feels good. The latter is a bit of an exaggeration although I find the close body contact more enjoyable than I anticipated. At my words of encouragement, he pulls almost out of me and then slowly presses back in. He repeats this technique of slow fucking, pressing firmly into me each time. I hear his breathing and soft murmurs of pleasure, particularly intense when he pushes in the last bit. I flash again to my own experience fucking a woman where I want to drive not just my cock, but my entire body into her. 

His cock in me feels, if not ecstatically wonderful, then certainly like I am being fully possessed. Each time he drives into me he presses hard at the end and I am overwhelmed with the feeling, both physical and emotional, of surrendering to him. The flashes of role reversal are almost constant, comparing my current experience of being ridden and fucked with my own experiences doing the same with a woman. I decide I want to experience more, being ridden harder as I have done so many times. He moves his head and looks at me from inches away, his slow fucking continuing unabated. He leans down and kisses me passionately. I press my hands on his back to reassure and encourage. I whisper to him; 'more', 'fuck me harder'. He groans and pulls his cock almost out, pauses, and then drives back in, harder than before, pressing hard at the end. He is watching my face for reaction. He repeats this, pulling almost out and then driving back in, a bit faster and with more force. And then repeats this again, again faster and harder. I gasp now, a combination of mild discomfort but combined with a growing enjoyment of being taken, of being possessed, of giving up one's soul to another. 

I begin murmuring, 'more, harder, faster, fuck me, fuck me harder'. His thrusting into me becomes just that, harder and faster. Strong driving lunges into me. My body is being driven down into the bed under him with each lunging thrust of his cock into me. His hands are under my shoulders, grasping me close to him and supplying leverage for his lunges into me. The sounds of his body impacting mine fill the room. I feel his balls slapping on me at each forceful thrust. And I again flash to my own experience of fucking a woman in the same way. Holding her shoulders and driving into her, the room filled with the sounds of my belly smacking against hers as we fuck, my balls bouncing on her ass as I forcefully drive my cock into her.

I had not anticipated finding this experience physically arousing. My participation in the act was driven by curiosity and this seemed a relatively safe opportunity. I was also interested in experiencing my companion's technique and in enjoying his enjoyment of the experience. But to my astonishment, I realize that my own cock is hard between our bellies. He is fucking hard now with steady driving lunges into me. He is moaning and groaning in clear physical enjoyment, the ecstasy of physical possession of another, his entire being in his cock that he is driving into me at will. His body motion is squeezing and caressing my cock between our bellies and I realize with a shock that I am very likely going to climax. My knees are drawn back and my hips arched up. I am hugging his hips with my legs and holding onto his shoulders as he rides me. His pelvis is slamming against my ass cheeks with each lunge of his cock into me. I begin moaning under him in real and unmistakable enjoyment, my cries of pleasure heartfelt and entirely genuine. I realize that it is not just my hard cock that is driving this rapturous pleasure. It is the act, his possession of me, the driving of his cock deep into my body, each thrust of his organ into me penetrating my very soul, reaching inside of me.

I am arching my hips with his thrusts to rub my cock against his belly. Whether he knows this or not, I don't know, but his lunging into me continues and I am certain that he is going to climax at any moment. I find myself frantic to do the same and rub and twist myself against him, my cries of pleasure a reassurance and stimulant to him. I feel him begin to shake and his sounds of enjoyment increase into frantic grunts. I know that his climax is imminent. I have been leaking copiously and the slickness of my cock crushed between our warm thrusting bellies is frantically arousing. I am just on the edge. I feel him lunge hard, his hands under my shoulders crushing us together. He groans loudly and I roll and twist under him in a straining effort to reach climax myself. I feel him go stiff on top of me, he shudders, groans loudly, and he emits a series of staccato bursts as he climaxes inside me. I am twisting and thrusting frantically under him. I feel my cock swell between our bellies and my cum bursts out of me. It feels like a bursting dam and I groan loudly in his ear in sheer, unmistakable, rapturous ecstasy as I feel my semen squirt out between us. 

With a long sigh and shudder, he collapses on top of me, driving his cock in as hard as he can. I feel the cock inside of me and I squeeze on it. He is laying on me in exhaustion and I feel the full weight of him pressing me down under him. We lay locked together for a long time. Occasionally he makes a motion to withdraw, but I use my arms to press him back down on me. Each time he does so, he presses his hips slowly and forcefully against me, driving his cock fully back in. Each time I clench down on his cock. The intensity of my climax is such that I want to continue the very pleasurable resolution, my cock and balls crushed between us, the throbbing and pleasure very slowly ebbing. I don't know if he realizes that I also climaxed. I lay under him reflecting on the experience. During the act, I found myself frantically aroused but I could not touch my cock. I was being ridden by my companion and so the pace, body positions, touch points, everything, were out of my control. I was straining with every fiber of my being to reach a climax while having essentially no physical control. I reflected again about the act from a woman's perspective and wondered if they often feel the same. 

Eventually he pulls out of and off of me and we lay side by side. He has a small puddle of his semen on his belly and a smear of mine. His cock is lying on his belly, reduced in its magnificent fullness, but still lovely. I am quite shaken by the intensity of all of this. I had wanted the experience of the act and had anticipated enjoying his enjoyment. I certainly did enjoy his enjoyment which was clearly intense and fulfilling. For my part, there were constant comparisons during the act of my passive role in the act and my oft repeated active role with women when I was doing the riding and controlling. The pleasure I derived was a genuine shock. The feeling of him on top of me, pressing on me, the feeling of being possessed by him, I found exhilarating. But the real shock was my arousal and climax while he was riding me with intensity, driving into me, taking his pleasure, reaching his climax inside me.
