 Chapter 6. 

In which our hero returns to old haunts. 

Over the next several weeks, I spent a considerable amount of time reflecting on the events described in chapter 5. Of course I thoroughly enjoyed the experience, as much in the recollection as in the actual event. Actually I enjoyed it rather more than I would have ever believed. But on reflection, I concluded that the event was a one off. I had not had sex of any kind for several days so I was motivated. The opportunity was unique in that we were alone and secure in his apartment. And his physical characteristics were unique. I still think of that lovely hairless skin and gorgeous cock, inseparable in my memory. I was so turned on by the visual impact that I am contemplating a similar strategy myself. If only I could transplant that gorgeous cock to myself. And finally I was curious about the act, what it would be like to participate in the act, and how I would react to the act. In truth, had the fellow turned out to be crudely aggressive, or large and muscular, or covered with a lot of body hair, or probably anything other than the set of circumstances of the event, I am fairly certain that I would not have taken part. But having said that, I would certainly repeat the act again under similar circumstances. After all, it was a great turn on and fun.

But as for the future, a much welcomed end to marital abstinence confirmed that I love women in general and my wife in particular. And my enthusiasm for the mysteries of the female anatomy and body parts has not lessoned in any way. For me personally the experiences described in chapter five were enriching and provided valuable insights on how I view and relate to women. But it is the female body that I want. I want her under me. In all of the ways described in chapter 5. So I shall not be looking up the fellow at the bar. I do not want to date a gay man. And I do not want to deal with awkward questions about whom I see and where I see them. And the other confirming truth is my love of the cock.

This brings me back to the video shop on a rainy afternoon a few weeks later. It is late afternoon, my favorite time for my favorite fare, married men stopping by for recreation on the way home from work. And who can blame them? When they get home, there will be bills, broken this, that and the other, unpleasant children, and a nagging wife who does not want sex. Here, there is silence and delight. There are no promises, no expectations, and no illusions of meeting again. This is the simplicity of life at the most basic and elemental level, plain and simple anonymous male sex. Take it out and enjoy. One need only a location and that most elemental resource, a cock sucker. 

And so here I am, performing my public service. There are several men milling about. I am at a doorway, pretending to study the film offering in the room. I am approached by a business man wearing a suit and tie. He also pretends to study the fare in the room. He asks me if I have seen the film. I respond that I have not and suggest that he join me. I close the door behind us. A few awkward moments follow once we are inside of the room. There is always the danger of entrapment so I want my companions to expose their cock before I touch anything. Of course this puts the burden on the companion, but then I will be doing the work once the organ is displayed. In the present case, a few encouraging words from me and the zipper is pulled down, the cock exposed with some evident embarrassment, and we get on with the task at hand; the public service of emptying his balls. 

My companion is a well-dressed and well-groomed man in his forties. He has had a few too many business lunches for his own good and carries a modest paunch. He is not erect although this does not mean he is not aroused. I conclude that my companion is not highly experienced at this. Perhaps someone has told him of this place and its purpose, but he is not entirely clear on what to expect. In any case if I reach out and touch his cock, that may put the poor guy off entirely if he really is new at this. Having a mouth on you that you do not have to look at is one thing. You can close your eyes and use your imagination. Yes, it really is the princess down there sucking on my cock. Having a guy who is standing in front of you groping your limp cock is another. At a personal level, sucking on a limp cock is not in my top five highlight reel of wonderful things to do. I read of people who apparently get off on feeling the cock grow erect in their mouth. I am not in that fan club. But my companion is here in the room with me with his cock out, so it is clear that he wants a blowjob.

I kneel down in front of him and touch his cock with my fingertips, a modest caressing touch under the head. I tease the sweet spot with my fingertips and then the backs of my fingers. Slowly I begin to get a rise out of him as his cock begins to fill. I continue with the teasing caress of his cock with my fingers. He continues to swell in response, eventually becoming fully erect. He possesses a modest specimen. Very modest. Not that it matters of course when the cock is fully erect. I slow my caresses on the erect shaft. His cock is quivering and I conclude that yes indeed, he is fully aroused. I wonder if I take him in my mouth now if he will survive more than a moment. I am guessing not. I look up at him. He is standing there with his eyes closed and I suppose that he is indeed having a fantasy about a princess. 

I continue the most modest feathery touch of my fingers on his cock. Let him enjoy this as much as he can. I tell him that it is okay to make noise, that no one will hear him. He nods and I get a moaning response of what I am certain is a very pleasurable fantasy playing behind those closed eyes. I see that a pearl of manly dew has formed on the tip of his cock. I rub the back of my finger over it and then down under the sweet spot of his cock. There is an immediate intake of breath from him as this new and pleasurable sensation reaches his brain. His cock throbs. I ponder letting him cum just like this, spurting his semen out in a flood. Because it is certain that he is right there, ready to let go. I wonder if he is trying to hold back, hoping I will take him in my mouth. Or rather I suppose his fantasy princess. I remove my fingers from his cock and just watch it for a moment. He is quivering in between pronounced throbs. I lean forward, open my mouth wide, and engulf him. I press my lips on the back of his shaft. I hear a sharp intake of breath from him followed immediately by a load moaning gasp. My tongue touches the underside of his cock and at that instant he spurts his cum into my mouth. 

I hold him there in my mouth for a minute, then another. His legs are shaking and I can hear him breathing heavily. Another minute in my mouth and I can feel his cock deflating. With a loud exhalation, he withdraws from my mouth and sags back against the wall. As I swallow his cum, I reflect from the taste that he has had too many steak dinners. Almost before I can stand, my companion is zippered up and, without a word, he is out the door. I have no doubt that he will be back.

I remain leaning against the wall of my room and I am immediately joined by companion two. He is a barrel chested fellow dressed in the work clothes of a well-known soft drink firm. If companion one was nervous and tentative, companion two is the polar opposite. Almost before the door is closed he is nude from the waist and his cock is standing impressively out. It is very clear what he came for and he is all business about getting started. Or rather having me get started. He has a specimen that I characterize as meaty. It is shorter than average but full and somewhat irregularly shaped. Not a particularly visually attractive organ. He has an abundance of body hair that for me adds to the visually unattractive look. But he does have an impressive set of balls hanging down between his legs. 

I kneel in front of him. His cock is of the sort that is full but not rigid. I lean forward, encouraged in that endeavor by a meaty hand on my head, and take his cock in my mouth. I don't know that I want to spend time prolonging this effort as I do not find the visual impact arousing. But my companion is aroused and emits a throaty sigh of pleasure as he feels my mouth on his cock. I slide my lips up and down on the shaft a few times and the reassurance that he is going to get his blowjob encourages him to remove his hand from my head. But I hear him tell me that he wants me to 'pull on my balls'. I reach my hand up and cradle his balls in my hand. I caress them tenderly with my fingers while pressing my lips on the shaft of his cock. I lick the underside of the shaft, flick my tongue on it and feel him throb in my mouth. I anticipate that this may be over quickly, which is fine. But then I hear him say that we wants me to twist his balls. 

I ponder what this is about but give him what he asks for by palming his ball sack in my hand, wrapping my fingers around the sack, and twisting slightly. I have to say here that I am always impressed when a sexual partner verbalizes what they like and want. How refreshing to abandon embarrassment and fear and get to the heart of the matter. In this case, my companion gasps and responds with, 'yes yes,harder, much harder'. In response I twist his balls in my hand a bit more, and then a bit more, and then more still. With each additional twist of his balls, he grunts in evident pleasure. I hold his balls in the twisted attitude and begin to aggressively apply my mouth to his cock, swirling my tongue around and around the head. He gasps in obvious pleasure and the path to an enjoyable experience becomes clear. 

I release the pressure on his balls a bit and begin sucking on the head of his cock with some energy. I give the head and underside a vigorous application of my tongue. I hear his breathing and his sighs of pleasure, and as these increase in intensity, I give his balls a strong twist with my hand, holding the twist and pressure on his balls. His whole body stiffens and he gasps with a huge inhalation followed by staccato gasps. There is no sign, physical or verbal that he wants me to stop or take it easy. Apparently he is in ecstasy at this treatment. After a bit, I release the pressure on his balls and begin sliding my lips up and down on the shaft of his cock. I let my tongue slide back and forth on the sweet spot under the head. For most aroused men, this would bring them off very quickly. And so it is for my companion, apparently. For as I hear his sounds of obvious pleasure increase, I am waiting with his balls in my hand. And just before I think he is entering the rush to climax, I give his balls another mighty wrench in my hand. Another huge intake of air followed immediately by words of obvious rapturous pleasure from him. 'aghhhh yes, aghhh yes, aghhhhhh'. 

I hold his balls in this twisted position for some time, taking my mouth off of his cock and looking at him. His cock is swollen from the pleasure and pressure and he is dripping juice from the end. I look up at him. He is looking down at me, his hands against the wall and his hips thrust out. Is this want you want I ask, and twist harder still. He opens his mouth and responds with the word yes but in a long sigh of clear blissful pleasure. I release the pressure on his balls and he gives out a long sigh. I take his cock back in my mouth and suck vigorously, applying pressure on the shaft with my lips. Again I caress the sweet spot with my tongue. And again he very rapidly escalates back up the side of the mountain to the land of spurting cock. And again, just before I allow him to reach the promised land, I give his poor balls another mighty twist in my hand. The effect is immediate and dramatic. I feel him go rigid in front of me and I hear a huge intake of breath. A loud ecstatic gasping shuddering series of ohhh ohhh ohhhh follow. I withdraw my mouth from his cock and watch. He is trembling and his cock is quivering. I am literally holding him by the balls. Juice is dripping out of the end of his cock. I must have timed preventing his climax to within a few seconds. 

I kneel there watching for some minutes while he calms back down. I release the pressure on his balls, lean forward, and I flick the tip of my tongue over the head and sweet spot of his cock. Just a few times. I look up at him and ask if he wants to cum, if he wants to spurt his cum out of his cock, if he wants to empty his balls. While I ask these questions, I give his cock some delicious licks. To the questions he answers a staccato yes, yes, oh yes. His cock begins to bob in response to my vigorously licking on the head. I look up at him and tell him to cum, that I want to watch him cum. I lick some more and encourage him to cum. He opens his mouth and begins to gasp in pleasure and I can see his climax approaching in a wave. I twist on his balls again, harder than before. Cum I say, let me see you cum. His mouth is open but the sound is a tortured intake of breath followed by a keening sigh of rapturous pleasure. I repeat releasing and twisting his balls in my hand, repeating this again and again.

Rarely have I ever witnessed another person so intensely riding a wave of pleasure. He is rocking forward and back, gripped in the most obvious rapture of agonizing pleasure. His legs are shaking, his cock swollen and quivering, more juice running out of him in a long oily stream. I relax the pressure and he emits a long gasp of relief, collapsing his back against the wall. I decide we have reached the end point. With his cock quivering in front of me, I slide my lips over the head. I am still holding his twisted balls in my hand but release the pressure just a bit. I vigorously suck on the head of his cock. I lightly twist and release the pressure on his balls. A series of gasps flow from him in increasing volume and intensity. I release the twist from his balls, squeeze my lips on his cock, and in that instant I feel a huge burst of his semen jet into my throat. A long gasping groan of pleasure follows. I do not need to bother with an attempt to swallow his cum as the entire glob of it was ejected directly down my throat. I didn't even get a sense of taste. I wonder if he felt any pleasure at all from the actual climax as it was clearly over in a heartbeat. I have my lips on his cock but I think to no purpose as I think I got the entire load in that one huge burst. I hear him groaning and gasping for breath and he pushes my head away. I encourage him to sit down on the seat in the room as I have rarely seen someone so utterly drained. 

He collapses on the seat, his eyes closed, his head leaning over to one side, still gasping for breath. He presents quite the spectacle, with his pants down around his ankles and his shrinking wet cock and his balls on display between his legs. He mutters, oh so good, you, oh, so good, so fucking good. I take all of this as a compliment, but really he was the star performer. What a show. I tell him to take his time and give him an affectionate pat on the shoulder. I depart the room and as I am leaving, another fellow makes a clear show of interest in replacing me in the room. I advise him not to bother; the guy in there is 'finished.'

The fellow looks at me in earnest. Another business man in a suite. I reflect that the owner of the shop must have put out an advertising sign. Businessmen's blowjob special day. The look in his eye leaves no doubt as to his interest. I suggest to him that I am going in to the next room. He follows me and closes the door. I suppose companion two was making so much noise with his pleasurable bellowing, that everyone in the place knew that something spectacularly good was happening in the room. Companion three wastes no time in demonstrating an interest in his share. His cock is immediately displayed and a lovely specimen it is. Average in both size and girth, his organ is beautifully shaped with the most gorgeous cone shaped head. I begin to reach for it but he stops me with one hand and with the other on my shoulder, urges that I immediately begin on my knees. I sink to my knees in front of him. Up close his cock is even more attractive. Perfectly smooth, the skin almost glowing white. And the lovely, unusually long head coming almost to a sharp point. I am again mesmerized by the incomparable beauty of an erect cock. 

I lean forward, intending some soft teasing, but as I approach his cock, I hear a pleading voice. 'Please, please hurry'. I'm not entirely sure what this means, but I open my mouth and slide my lips over the head of his cock. My lips reach about halfway down the shaft when I realize with a start that the guy is ejaculating in my mouth. I am so startled that I can hardly believe it. He has not uttered a sound and yet in the next few seconds it becomes unmistakably clear that I have received a mouthful of semen from him. Finally I hear a sound that resembles something like a sigh of relief. I hold his cock in my mouth for a minute before withdrawing. I swallow his cum and then look up at him. I am not exactly miffed but the sense of having my mouth used is upon me. 

I begin to rise but he puts a hand on my shoulder and urges that I not stop. On inquiry about what he means, he leans forward with the clear message that he wants more of my mouth. From my knees, I point out to him that he has already cum. He responds that he will cum again quickly if I resume. And he repeats his plea for me to do so. I can say with complete confidence that the cock lover has no interest in sucking on a limp cock, and even less interest in sucking on an empty one. And yet his cock is fully erect and breathtakingly beautiful, the skin of the full shaft gleaming in the dim light. He straddles my legs and stands in front of me, his cock throbbing, just touching my lips. He pushes slightly against my lips. I feel the texture of the head of his cock on my lips. And I am lost. I let him slide his cock into my mouth. I press my lips on the cock as it slides in, caress my tongue on the bottom of the shaft, and moan in blissful pleasure. I feel it in my mouth, the beautiful full cock, alive, rock hard, and throbbing. He soaks in my mouth for a moment. My lips caress the skin of the shaft. I hear him above me, murmurs of pleasure. I inhale the scent of him, the taste of his skin. The room goes silent save for the now familiar deafening roar of cock and mouth. And again I am moved by the infinite grandeur of the act; on my knees, sucking the manhood out of a beautiful full cock.

He begins thrusting his hips, slowly at first, very short thrusts, my lips pressing on the middle of the shaft. The only contract between us is my mouth on his cock, my lips pressed on the skin of the shaft. Kneeling there in the semi darkness with the cock sliding between my lips, I have the sense of consuming his cock, as though my lips slowly absorb the shaft. I have the profound sense of love for the cock in my mouth, worshipping the hardness of it as it slides in and out through my lips. I caress the bottom of the shaft with my tongue. And as I do this, I taste the essence of the cock. I know it is just a pearl of his juice leaking from the end. And yet the flavor of the essence invades my senses. It is all the same, combined, the taste of the cock, the texture of the skin of the cock, the smell of the cock, the essence of cock. The cock is fucking my mouth, sliding in an out of my mouth. I press my lips on the shaft as though to pay homage to the magnificence of the cock, to worship the cock. 

Time seems to stand still. The now familiar sensation. Utter silence in the room. My heart beating and the sounds of breathing seem to boom in the silence of the room. I lick and caress the shaft with my tongue, explore the surface of the shaft with my tongue, absorb all of the small details of the shaft with my tongue. He begins thrusting faster and I hear his sounds of pleasure as though from some great distance. The immediate is the cock fucking into and out of my mouth. Short, rapid fuck strokes invade my mouth. The cock stops thrusting between my lips, lays there for a moment, quivering in the grip of my lips. And then resumes fucking my mouth, again short rapid thrusts into my mouth. My lips press hard on the shaft, my tongue now relentlessly licking the underside of the head is it slides in and out. Again the thrusting comes to a halt. In a frenzy, I furiously lick and suck on the head. I moan in rapturous pleasure as I suck on the head of the cock. 
