 It is all in slow motion. I see his bare chest above me. My gaze travels downward; the smooth hairless belly, his fantastically engorged cock jutting out. He has a condom on but it is translucent. And I can see the lovely olive skin of his hard shaft. A gorgeous rolling pin shaped cock. He thrusts his hips and I feel his cock drive into me. I hear myself cry out in pleasure as the cock drives into me, fills me, and invades my being. I feel his pelvis slam against my ass cheeks, feel his balls bounce on my ass. I look up and cannot see his face. It is all gray as is the room around me. I think it must be night and very dark in the room. And yet I can see things. I look down and he is on top of me, fucking me. And oddly, I can see through him, see my cock between our bellies. See his hands on the bed on either side of my shoulders, his arms behind my knees, leveraging my hips off the bed and my feet in the air. 

I watch as he withdraws his huge cock from my rectum, leaving only the head of his shaft inside me. I feel my hole clenching on the head of his cock, encouraging his return, pleading for the organ to drive back in. And I see the rock hard shaft poised for another plunge into me. Still in slow motion, I see his feet braced in the bed, supplying the leverage for his majestically strong thighs. I see the muscles in his back ripple as he begins another lunge of his cock into me. My mouth opens. A scream of ecstasy escapes from my mouth as the cock drives into my rectum. I see my hole engulfing his organ, clinging to his hard shaft, caressing the skin of his shaft as he slams in. I hear him grunt as his cock reaches bottom inside of me, fully possessing me, claiming his ownership of the fuck hole under him. I feel him pressing on me, using the weight of his body to drive me into the bed under him, his hips rocking, pressing, trying to drive further in, trying to drive his entire body into my rectum. 

I feel him lay on my chest, his hands slide under my shoulders, grasping me to him, providing leverage for him. He crushes against me, my legs spread and clinging to his hips, my arms wrapped around his strong shoulders. He begins fucking me. I feel him thrusting brutally into me, slamming his hips down and driving his engorged organ into me. I feel it sliding in and out. I see my arms wrapped around his shoulders, hanging onto him as he rides me. I see his bare ass cheeks driving up and down as he fucks me. Each time he drives into me, his belly slides over my cock. I see my full cock lying there between our bellies, his belly surreally grasping and pumping my cock. I hear myself crying out in rapturous ecstasy. Over his shoulders, I see a dam. But the wall of the dam is translucent. Through the wall of the dam I can see bubbling, boiling liquid, the surface splashing and washing against the dam. But I see that the liquid is not water but semen, huge broiling waves of semen. I feel his cock slamming into me, his body riding me, his belly fantastically pumping on my impossibly engorged cock. And then I see the wall coming toward me. But I see the wall dissolving and I see only the waves and waves of semen about to engulf me. I am crying out in rapturous ecstasy.

And I bolt awake with a lurch and a cry. I am disoriented in the dark room, breathing heavily, almost gasping for breath. I have a pillow pressed against my belly. I realize with a start that I am more than aroused, that I was on the verge of a climax that did not happen. I hear a voice asking me if there is anything wrong and what happened. It is the voice of my wife lying next to me in the darkened room. I reply that I have had a dream that woke me up. She inquires what kind of dream. I respond an erotic dream. She asks if she was in it. I respond chivalrously that of course she was but that I awoke before the final act. I feel her reach across and find my erection. She reaches further for my hip, grasps it, and pulls me on my side toward her. I feel her bare ass in front of me and I feel her lift her leg and her guiding fingers helpfully on the head of my cock. I grasp her hip and slide into her, finding her wet and accommodating. She rocks her hips, thrusting on my cock, pressing her bare ass back into my belly. I hold her hip and begin thrusting. And such is the power of the human imagination that my dream state partially returns in the form of the fantastic wall of semen which washes over and through me. I fall asleep soaking in her in the aftermath of her own hip shuddering climax. 

I find myself tortured over the next weeks with the recollection of that dream, so vivid that it seemed more than real. And of course I cannot escape the reality of the basis of the dream, reliving in my dream the night in Chapter five, with the companion that in my memory I now refer to as Barguy, representing not his name but his occupation. I reflect over and over the meaning of the dream where I could not see his face. The events of the night with him and that fantastic dream become merged and confused, so that I cannot recall the details of the night without the blurring embellishments of the dream. I feel my resolve not to seek him out begin to weaken. And at the same time I reflect on the meaning of the dream. I could not see his face. I was reliving the experience of the act, not the night with the person. I reassure myself in the common sense light of day that as I look around, I am not hungering for the attractive men that I see, at least not more than the occasional wistful longing for a cock to suck. I resolve again that I am not going to go to the bar employing Barguy. 

And so I find myself at the movie theater on another Saturday night, circumstances at home having provided me with a recreational opportunity. The movie theater is a fairly large place with old curtains and nooks and crannies at the back, behind the seats, and at the sides. I have noted these during previous visits to the movie theater in that one sees men lounging about in these areas, obviously for reasons more involved than stretching their legs. Stretching other parts of the anatomy is more likely. In any case, I enter the theater and as usual, fumble around in the dark until I find a place to sit. Eventually my eyes adjust and I spend time looking around. I intend to scout around in the nooks and crannies later. But for the moment, there is a moderately interesting film playing and I decide to warm up a bit. I expose my cock and begin caressing it. In my mental state, I am feeling a bit reckless and so I take little pains to hide or disguise my activity. In consequence, I observe that my exposed erection and my obvious stroking it are the object of observation of several of the patrons sitting in proximity.

More than observation as it turns out as twice, I am joined by another patron, helping himself to the seat next to me. And attempting to help himself to a grope as eventually an offer is made. But I have scouted them out as they settled in and I reject their advances. I did not come here to get a handjob, or anything else other than in my own time and choosing. The would-be supplicants to my cock both depart after some determined rejection on my part, and I am left to stroke my cock to an enjoyable state of erection, taking care to not let it go too far to the edge. I am again impressed with the skill and stamina of the girls who do the double penetration scenes. I reflect that it would be a wonderfully entertaining and educational experience to actually be present and watch one of these extended scenes filmed. At least I hope it would be as the fantasy of these scenes I find almost irresistibly arousing. 

I put myself back in order and depart from my seat to begin some exploring. I note that there are men sitting in the very last row and men standing behind them. I pretend to slowly walk to the men's room which is outside of the theater, but in reality I surreptitiously slip into the recesses of the back of the theater. I have a good look and see that the guys sitting in the last row are playing with the cocks of the men standing behind the last row. I see four or five such engagements going on. Two of the men actually have their cocks out and after watching for a bit, I see that one of the seated men is providing the occasional oral supplement to his manual work. I have seen these couplings going on before but until now took little notice. It occurs to me, not for the first time, that this is amazingly daring, to say nothing of highly arousing watching a cock getting sucked, however surreptitiously. 

But I discover that I am not alone. There are two men nearby, partially obscured in the curtains, who are voluptuously necking. And a good deal more as they are also enthusiastically groping each other. I retreat to the back wall, furthered obscured by curtains, and watch from the shadows. I can only assume that if any of these couplings going on around the theater had a place other than in the open here in the theater, they would have long since retreated to that privacy. But since they are here, I assume that most are married men without a place to go and that they are here for some casual recreation, enhanced by the exotic thrill of public display and, however remote, the erotic thrill of potential discovery. The two that I am watching grow increasingly animated and I can see that a cock is exposed and is being enthusiastically pumped by a hand. The necking and voluptuous groping continue with the sound track of the movie providing both entertaining stimulation as well as disguise for any sounds the lovers may produce on their own. 

And then I become aware that I am not alone in my voyeuristic interest. I had not seen them, but I am startled when I hear from a nearby voice that he would very much like to join in and take hold of the exposed cock. I look over and see that also standing in the shadows of the curtain are two other men standing side by side. Both are watching the lovers show. I speak up with an assent of agreement. The two look over to me and I conclude that they had not been aware that I was there. Such is the commonly shared interest in men of anonymous sex that we find it intriguing and arousing to watch as well as take part. The two join me in the shadows and the three of us continue to watch. One of the grappling lovers has his back to the wall and his hard cock is exposed. His partner is enthusiastically caressing and pumping on that lovely organ. Meanwhile the fellow out front has his slacks partially down and his lover is enthusiastically squeezing and caressing his ass cheeks. They are either unaware, or do not care that we are watching. Or perhaps more likely, our presence is precisely why they are here, adding to the exotic thrill of the experience.

I look down and observe that one of my companions has his cock out and is casually caressing it while watching. Companion two and I are surreptitiously caressing our cocks through our slacks. But having seen companion one with his cock out, I expose mine, giving it a pleasurable squeeze as I continue watching. The two lovers in front of us change position, the fellow with his ass exposed presses his face against the wall with his hips pushed out, the other behind him enthusiastically caressing his ass and reaching around his hip to pump on his very full cock. While I can hardly believe it, it soon becomes clear that these two are going to fuck. And so it is that the one behind squats down behind the other and begins lapping the rectum of his lover while continuing to pump on both his lover's and his own cock.

I feel companion one reach over and slide his hand over my cock. I remove my hand and slide it over his organ. Both of us tease and caress as we watch. Companion two has his cock out and is playing with it with one hand while with the other, he joins me in caressing companion one. This is heavenly as the three of us toy and tease cocks as we watch the show in front of us. The kneeling lover stands and as he does so, his slacks drop to his knees. He takes his cock in his hand and with some directional guidance from the fingers of his lover, presses his engorged cock head against the asshole in front of him. I watch in fascination as he slides in. The fellow in front has his feet parted and is bent over, leaning against the wall. The fellow behind grasps the offered hips and rests for a moment, buried balls deep in the rectum in front of him. My companions and I caress and pump more vigorously as we collectively watch. The two lovers in front of us begin fucking with enthusiasm, the fellow behind holding the hips of his lover and thrusting his own hips in rapid lunges. The fellow in front is bent over bracing himself with one arm against the wall. He is enthusiastically pumping on his cock with his free hand. 

I look down at the three hard cocks of myself and my companions. I move in front of my companions and grasp each of their cocks in one of my hands. I caress and fondle, occasionally looking over my shoulder to join in the thrill of seeing the two lovers fuck in front of us. I return to my companions, look at each of them, and sink to my knees. The two cocks are in front of me, both gloriously hard, both beckoning to me. I lean forward and take companion one in my mouth. I slide my lips down the length of his rock hard shaft. I squeeze his shaft in my mouth, reveling in the taste of his cock and the erotic thrill of sucking on a cock in front of others. I slide my lips up and down the shaft, licking and teasing the shaft with my tongue while at the same time stroking the cock of companion two with my hand. Sucking and pumping on two cocks, I moan in pleasure. I switch cocks, engulfing the cock of companion two with one quick plunge on his shaft. I wrap my fingers around the wet shaft of companion one and pump up and down on it. I suck vigorously on the cock in my mouth, my lips pressing on the hard shaft, my head bobbing rapidly on his cock. I switch cocks again, sucking vigorously on the head before plunging the full length of his shaft, feeling the head of his cock pressing in the back of my throat. I go rapidly from cock to cock, sucking vigorously on one for a moment and then switching to the other cock. 

I feel a hand on my head and it turns out to be one of my companions who urges me to look around at the two lovers behind me. I quickly do so and find that the fellow behind is in the final throes of a climax in his lovers rectum. His hips are shaking violently while he is slowly pumping in and out, clearly ejaculating in blissful ecstasy into the engulfing rectum. At the same time, his bent over lover is pumping furiously on his own cock and as I watch, freezes his hand on his cock and his semen spurts out of his organ onto the floor at his feet. 

I return to my two cocks, devouring first companion one with a single lunge of my mouth on his cock. And then companion two, taking his cock into my throat and pressing my face against his belly. I am wildly aroused, sucking furiously on one cock and then immediately switching to the other. I pull the two closer together, using their cocks as handles, until they are hip to hip and the two cocks are touching together. I have a hand on each shaft and I take the heads of both cocks into my mouth at the same time, vigorously pumping on both shafts with my hands. I suck on the head of one and then the other and then both at the same time. I pump furiously on both shafts while rubbing both cock heads against my face. I engulf a cock head and while sucking furiously on it, pump vigorously on the shaft. I switch cocks and suck passionately on the lovely hard shaft. I engulf the heads of both of the cocks again and ram my mouth down as far as I can on both shafts. I fill my mouth with one shaft and then the other, switching back and forth again and again. I cannot recall a time in my life when I have been more wildly aroused.

I am drawn up and the three of us engage in extended groping and cock pumping. Companion one soon has his slacks down around his ankles and companion two kneels down to eagerly suck on his cock, voluptuously squeezing and fondling his ass at the same time. Companion one leans over and takes my cock in his mouth. I grab his head in my hands and vigorously fuck my cock into his mouth. And he is certainly taking a very active interest in my cock, such is the vigor of his sucking. I hold his head firmly and drive my cock into his throat. I feel his face on my belly. I arch my back, and thrust my hips forward. With a death grip on his head I press my cock into his throat. Holding his head in my hands I fuck my cock into his throat. I am in ecstasy. I consider climaxing in his mouth and it would certainly not take much given the state of my arousal. But I do not want this to end yet so I pull my cock out of his mouth. I kneel again and share with companion two the oral worship of companion one's cock. We both lick the head and shaft of his cock and we take turns vigorously sucking on it.

Eventually companion two leaves me to enjoy companion one's cock as he slides behind companion one, gripping and spreading his ass cheeks. Companion one is now sandwiched between the two of his, both of us on our knees. I am voluptuously enjoying his cock in my mouth. He has a gloriously beautiful specimen, full with above average girth with a delicious slightly cinnamon taste to his skin. I hear him groaning in pleasure above as in addition to my work, companion two is licking and rimming his asshole. I am pressing my lips on his beautiful shaft, teasing now to not let him come off too quickly. I apply feathery caresses to the shaft as I hold his hips in my hands. I share his hips with companion two, the two of us aware of the other by the occasional touch of fingers. I pull on his hips as I force the head of his cock into my throat, pressing my face into his belly. I feel him majestically stiffen and immediately withdraw off of his cock, watching it bob and throb in the air in front of me. I lean forward and rub my face on the wet shaft, reveling in the feel of the skin of his cock on my face. I use my face to press his cock against his belly, rubbing back and forth across both my cheeks.

I lean down and take companion two's cock in my mouth, sucking vigorously for a few minutes. The effect of my mouth on companion two's cock is immediate. He stiffens and I think for a moment he is going to spurt out his cum. But instead he stands, removing my mouth from his cock. He stands behind companion one, his cock rigidly hard, with a slight upward curve to his erection. He moves behind companion one with his cock in hand and I realize that he intends to fuck. I am watching with fascination as the head of his cock is pressed against the asshole of companion one. The shaft is gleaming from the wetness from my mouth. He grips companion one's hips and presses in. I see his cock slide into companion one's rectum. Companion one gasps and the two of them are still for a moment, locked together, each coming to terms with the cock of one inserted into the rectum of the other. I look up and see the faces of both, their eyes closed, both in rapture.

I take companion one's cock in my mouth and begin caressing the rock hard shaft with my lips. I slide up and down on the shaft and feel his hands appreciatively on my head. At the same time, companion two begins thrusting, holding companion one's hips firmly in his hands. The fucking begins slowly, the cock withdrawn to the head followed by a slow plunge back into the clenching hole. I reach up between their legs and capture the two pairs of swinging balls in my hand. I am mad with arousal. I begin sucking vigorously on the cock in my mouth, sliding my lips up and down on the shaft. I have both my hands on their balls, caressing and rolling them together, both sets of balls, pressing them together. I engulf the cock to the base pressing the head into my throat. I feel him throbbing in my mouth. His hands are on my head. He is rhythmically rocking forward into my mouth as he is being vigorously fucked in the ass by companion two.
