 It is a beautiful Tuesday morning and I am in the last ten miles of a training ride. This started seventy miles ago when I left my apartment to meet my teammates at the coffee shop parking lot. A hard training effort followed by coffee at the shop and then, I thought, an easy ride home. But the effects of the second cup of coffee are upon me and as I ride along river road and I realize I am not going to make it home. There is a park along this section of the river and I resolve that I am going to stop for a pee at the next rest room that I see. Such is my urgency that I do not pedal to the entrance but cut directly across the grass, unclipping my pedals as I coast to a stop next to the men's entrance. Carrying my bicycle inside, I am brought up short as standing with his back to a sink is a fellow wearing a suit and tie but with his slacks down around his ankles. And kneeling in front of him is another fellow with his mouth full of hard cock. We all stare for a moment. The fellow on his knees withdraws his mouth from the cock, and the owner turns away. 

A long awkward moment passes as the erection bobs and weaves in the air. As my urgency has not diminished, I lean my bike against the wall and dash to the urinal, pulling down my riding shorts on the way. As relief begins to settle upon me I look over at the pair. The kneeling fellow has stood and the owner of the erection is making some effort to retrieve his fallen slacks. I observe to them that I did not mean to interrupt and that they are welcome to continue. Another long awkward moment passes and I tell them that after sucking a cock, my next favorite pastime is to watch one being sucked. I urge them again to continue. The pair looks at each other, and eventually the slacks resume their occupation around the cock owner's ankles. His partially diminished erection is engulfed by the mouth of his companion who has resumed his station on his knees. I pull my britches back up but I can do nothing other than stand there watching a glorious blowjob in progress. 

The erection quickly comes back to full mast and the fellow on his knees displays some admirable cock sucking skills. His lips are midshaft and he is applying a feathery sucking caress on the skin of the shaft. I assume that he is also applying his tongue on the head. This goes on for a long time, the standing man alternating between looking down at his supplicant and over at me with the dreamy expression of a man fully enjoying having his cock skillfully sucked. And then for variety, the supplicant takes the cock fully in his mouth, down his throat, and presses his face into the belly of his companion. The cock owner inhales sharply with a luxurious gasp of pleasure and I observe to the pair that the sight is glorious. And it is every bit of that. What finer sight is there than a hard cock expertly sucked? The cock sucker continues to press his face into the belly in front of him, soaking the cock in his throat. I reflect on the exhilarating sensation of a hard cock throbbing in one's throat. I watch as the cock sucker fucks his throat on the cock for a bit, ramming his face into the belly in front of him again and again. The cock owner barks out a series of gasps of pleasure at this new sensation.

I am impressed with the cool of the pair, after all this is a public urinal. But they seem unaffected by their surroundings. Indeed, the cock owner now pulls the head of his supplicant off of his cock and holds the head there, his erect organ jutting fiercely out, just touching the lips in front of him. The pair both stare at the erection, glistening, bobbing and throbbing in the air between them. The owner is doubtless taking this opportunity to cool back down a bit before resuming. He displays remarkable composure under the circumstances, clearly intent on fully enjoying the blowjob at his leisure. He flops his cock against the face of the supplicant, dabbing the fellow's face with patches of his juice. Eventually he guides his full, hard organ back to the lips of his cock sucker. My own lips water at the prospect of that lovely organ entering a warm soft mouth. The cock sucker engulfs the organ and resumes his efforts. Soft lips caress the shaft, up and down on the shaft, teasing the skin. It is all I can do to remain standing and watching, such is the overpowering eroticism of a mouth on an erect cock. The cock owner emits long soulful expressions of pleasure. He places an encouraging hand on the head of his supplicant and begins thrusting his hips, driving his full cock into the eager mouth in front of him. 

The Cock sucker on his knees begins moaning in pleasure to which I can well relate. The approaching climax is clearly apparent and the knowledge that one is to soon receive a mouthful of semen, a glorious explosion of cum from that gorgeous cock in one's mouth, is well and truly exhilarating. The supplicant begins sucking in earnest, pressing his lips on the rock hard shaft and vigorously bobbing his head. The owner stands over his supplicant, leans his head back, thrusts out his hips, and groans in rapturous pleasure. He is the very picture of male dominance in full bloom. It is clear that this is going to last but a moment. Long past are the pauses and delays of leisurely pleasure. Now both owner and supplicant are fully focused on the final moments of the act, the all-consuming ecstasy of the ejaculation and the mesmerizing power of taking the essence of another in one's mouth. The owner emits a piercing bellow and stiffens. I see him shake violently, his hands grasping the head of his supplicant, and he spews out his semen into the waiting mouth. The cock sucker moans in profound satisfaction as his mouth is flooded with semen. Both of them remain locked together for long, long moments. The owner gasps and murmurs his pleasure in long passionate exclamations. The cock sucker remains on his knees, his mouth fixed on the organ as though it has become part of his own body. I can well and truly relate to the infinite feelings of pleasure and satisfaction at this moment, the slowly deflating cock in his mouth, bathed in ejaculated semen. 

And then I hear from behind me, 'don't move, you are under arrest'. I turn my head and just behind me, unheard until this moment, is a police officer in full dress. I begin to open my mouth, but anticipating my words, he looks at me with reassurance, 'not you, them', pointing at the two performers a few feet in front of me. And I turn to look at the two, the cock owner staring at the police officer with a look of astonished horror, and the supplicant, still on his knees, his mouth open, the cock remaining in his mouth and the ejaculated semen now running over his lips and down onto his shirt. The officer walks up to the pair; the cock sucker now standing up with semen dripping down from his chin, and the cock owner, standing there with his pants down around his ankles, his half deflated organ sticking out and dripping a long thin oily finale to his ejaculation. Names are taken and the two are informed of their rights. I am told that I must remain for a witness statement. 

Half an hour later a police van arrives to carry the hapless lovers away. I have been standing next to the patrol car with my bicycle. As the van departs, the officer invites me into the front seat of his car and begins filling out a witness statement form. I ask what will happen to the lovers. The response is that they will probably plead guilty to a misdemeanor, pay a fine, and will be out in a couple of hours, unless of course one of them commits the folly of pleading not guilty and demanding a public trial. But in any case, my statement is required and is short; I entered the men's room desperate for a pee after a long bicycle ride and was confronted by the pair. I respond to several questions; they were engaged when I walked in, I urinated, I watched for a few minutes, I did not know the participants, we did not talk. All of this is recorded on the form, the form successfully completed, and put aside. 

And then the officer asks if I enjoyed watching. I am not sure what this question is about or where this line of question is going, but I respond that I was stunned at the visual impact and that like most people, I find sex acts and sexual arousal entertaining. He asks if I like cock sucking to which I respond that I do. His next question is more to the point; do I like to suck cocks? I pause for a long moment. I consider asking if I can leave now. But as I glance over at him, I cannot help but observe from an unmistakable bulge in his slacks that he appears to be at least partially erect. I respond that I am married and that while not a regular practice, I have enjoyed sucking on a cock. He then puts it plainly, would I like to suck his cock.

Of course the answer is yes. But before I answer I consider that he is a police officer on duty and that I am sitting in his squad car. I am not altogether certain of the sodomy laws and police procedures. So I put it plainly back that I do not want to be entrapped and that an interest on my part would require a display. A long moment follows and a good look confirms his interest and mine. I look up at him and he unfastens and exposes his cock. He possesses an unusual specimen, short and a lovely full round girth. He moves his service cap and some other equipment to the back seat. Of course I am staring at the lovely organ. Under the circumstances, I feel compelled to ask him for some reassurance that he wants this and that this is not some entrapment. Following some reassurance, I lean over, my head over his lap and his lovely hard cock just next to my lips. I can smell him, his sex just in front of me, and the smell of the leather he is wearing, the faint odor of oil from his service revolver. It is all intoxicating. I touch my lips to the head of his cock, and slide them over the head, and I have his cock in my mouth. I am lost in heaven once again.

I hear a sharp intake of breath from the officer at the sensation of pleasure from my mouth on his cock. He arches his hips up off of the seat to get more of his organ into my mouth. The shift in position is accompanied by the sounds of his leather belts and holders moving. I am acutely aware of these small effects, the crinkling of his leather, the movement of the car seat, the steering wheel of the car, and the smells. It is all intoxicating, the rest of the world blotted out. The focus of my existence is now on the cock in my mouth and the immediate environment surrounding the cock. The lovely full round cock, in my mouth, alive and throbbing in my mouth. I slide my lips slowly up and down the shaft, savoring the taste of his skin. I caress my tongue over and around the head of his cock; I hear him gasp in pleasure, I taste the essence of him, leaking into my mouth. I moan myself, overwhelmed yet again at the act of cock sucking, the organ full and alive in my mouth, devouring his manhood, making it my own. 

I slide my mouth slowly up and down the shaft of his cock, lips pressing on the skin. His cock is short so I can easily take the entire length in my mouth without straining in my throat as he does not reach that far. And yet my mouth is full of him, very full. The large, perfectly round girth one of god's gifts. I lick and tease my tongue over and around the head of his cock, suck very briefly on the head, and then take the full length of him again in my mouth. I revel in the feel of his shaft filling my mouth. I squeeze his shaft in my mouth, suck on it as I move my mouth up and down. I hear him talking, 'yes cock sucker, suck it', 'suck my cock', 'swallow my cock', and on and on. I do not take any of this personally or seriously. He is almost certainly having a wonderful fantasy and these words are part of it. I should think he wants to talk this way when his wife blows him, if only she would. But in the moment, the sounds of pleasure are in perfect harmony with his body, shaking under me. He is thrusting his hips up slightly, more rocking of his hips with his cock straining up into my mouth. I begin moving my mouth faster on him, lips pressing on the shaft. I begin rapidly bobbing my head now, lips sliding up and down on the shaft. I am easily as aroused as he is, mesmerized by the strength and power of his cock, wanting the explosion of his semen in my mouth. 

I hear him gasping in pleasure and I know he is just a moment from climax. I moan in anticipation, wanting his cum, wanting his climax in my mouth, wanting to drain the power and strength from him. I want to drink his essence, to consume his strength and power, to make his manhood mine. I press my lips firmly on the shaft of his organ, sliding my lips up and down on the shaft, sucking on his cock. I feel him tremble under me, just a moment now, just another moment and I will have his semen, all of it will become mine, I will leave with it, I will take the essence of him with me. I bob my head faster on his cock. I am moaning audibly as is he, the two of us joined together in this moment of rapture. He begins to shake violently under me and I flick my tongue over the head of his cock, once, again, and yet again. He arches his hips violently, groans loudly, and I feel him spurt his semen into my mouth. He stiffens and I feel his cock pulsing in my mouth, his semen flowing into my mouth. I feel his hand on my head; unnecessarily as the last thing I would consider doing is to remove my mouth from this exquisite cock in this moment of sublime ecstasy. 

I repose for long moments on his cock, the shaft bathing in my mouth, full of his semen. I squeeze my lips on the base of the shaft and suck upward, drawing the last of his semen and his pleasure into my mouth. I hear him moaning softly with the rapturous pleasure of post climax, my mouth slowly caressing the great shaft, the repose as enjoyable to me as it clearly is to him. My senses are full of the taste of his essence, a bit sharp and salty, a delicious taste of a man of strength and power. I think about the semen in my mouth, filling my mouth and bathing his cock. I think consciously about swallowing his cum, after I withdraw and sit up, while I am looking at him, I will swallow him then, swallow his manhood while he is looking at me. I feel his hand on my head, gently urging me off. I slowly withdraw, very careful about the semen. I sit upright and look at him, and he at me, and at that moment, I swallow his cum. He watches me swallow his cum, consume his manhood, consume him. 

We look at each other for long moments, he with his deflating cock exposed, and me with my eyes tearing from the strain and the taste of his semen in my mouth. I ponder what he is thinking and I suppose he is doing the same, wondering what I think of him. I think these are stressful moments for straight men who have given up their semen to another man's mouth. Usually the men part quickly after the act with little more than a thanks and often not that. Of course what I would like to hear is recognition for the skill and profound gratitude for the experience. Or perhaps an expression of unhappiness or loss from the essence given up and consumed by another. The cock sucker is left to ponder, what did he think about the blowjob? But I suppose only a writer would actually talk about the philosophy of sucking a cock. 

I exit the patrol car with barely a word exchanged, and climb on my bicycle. I pedal home.