 Chapter 11. 

In which our hero finds new friends. 

That night I entertained my wife with the story of the lovers in the urinal. Of course from time to time one hears of men being arrested for transgressions in public places. There are various charges; public lewdness, public indecency, and others. But it is all the same, one guy caught diddling another, or trying to in the case of an untoward solicitation. But my wife was entranced and wanted every detail, asking many, many questions. She found my being a witness to the actual act enthralling. The recitation of course concluded with the completion of the witness statement and my arrival back home on my bicycle. And finally she asked in perfect sincerity why a man would want to receive or give a blowjob with a perfect stranger. How is one to answer such a question, in the general case and as the husband? Because the act between men is sublime. It certainly was to both the lovers in the urinal, right up to the point where they were interrupted by the police officer. I noted that the officer did not interrupt until after the climax was completed. It suddenly occurred to me that he stood there watching just like me until it was over. And so to the question my wife put, one can say no more than the act is sublime, except that one cannot say that to one's spouse without many awkward questions following. I answer that I do not know as she sinks to her knees in front of me. She asks me to coach her. 

Some weeks went by after the police car events of chapter 10 with no further opportunities for cock sucking. To be sure the entire event had been memorable and I thought often of Officer B, his squad car and that lovely cock. But life and the day to day demands kept me busy. And then one evening when I returned home, I had a voice mail from Officer B. He wanted me to call him at my convenience. I did so and he told me that he wanted to meet with me about the park case. We arranged to meet at a coffee shop convenient to my schedule the next day. I arrived to find him waiting in a booth in his police uniform. Some pleasantries followed and then the discussion took an unexpected turn.

Officer B told me that some friends of his were having a party and that I might enjoy attending. The party was of the sort that the attendees would be mostly men, most of them rich men, able to afford an expensive lifestyle that included the unusual recreation from their day to day. The party would be an expensive one where I could have a good time. Officer B went on to say that the party would likely be one where an attractive and smart young fellow like me could make some significant money. I asked if he would be in attendance. The answer is not exactly, these were not exactly friends, more like associates, he would be there in more of a security role. I ask how many rich men would be in attendance and how many smart young fellows, roughly I ask. So I am being propositioned for trade work. I ask about the expectations of my services, how much money, and how the finances work. I am reassured I can leave any time and refuse anything I am not comfortable doing. There is some up-front money for a show put on by the attractive young men. And then if I stay, and there is an expectation that I would stay, I can make a lot of money in private sessions, all up to me. If the show session was sufficiently hot, probably competing offers for private sessions. 

I tell officer B that I will consider the offer and get back to him. Of course he tells me to decide quickly as there are others waiting in line for this wonderful opportunity. I very much doubt that is the case but who knows. I reassure Officer B that I will meet with him in two days. I depart the coffee shop and begin considering the matter. So the blowjob in the squad car was also an audition, and besides having a wonderful time getting his cock sucked, he put me on his pimp list. I considered if this was something that I could do. It seemed unlikely that anything would happen that I had not already done. Already done in private that is. But this would be different. At least the show part would be. I could imagine a show similar to a porn movie, sucking cock and getting fucked while the audience watched, in person. The idea of being watched was a thrill in the abstract, but this would be real. And then I considered the negotiations with men for my services. I had no idea how I might pull that off. And then there was the matter of the time away from home and the money to be explained, assuming there was money. I decided to put the matter off and get on with my day.

Two days later Officer B is waiting for me at the coffee shop. He tells me that he does all of the client and money management for a flat percentage. He has done all of this before. I can trust him. While I am not so sure about the trust, I agree in principal to take part. In principal meaning that I will show up but I have made no decision about staying for any length of time. He is happy with my agreement to participate. He tells me that there will be one other attractive young man in addition to myself. He also tells me that there will be drugs and booze in abundance and cautions me about both. I am intrigued about the whole affair. To hear it from B, I will make a bundle on the party. The money is a factor but the experience is the driving motivation. B gives me the address and time and we part company. I have decided that I will explain the time away from home to my wife with the boys watching the big game excuse. At least the boys part will be true. It remains to explain the money.

I am walking up the entryway to the palatial home having parked the motorcycle in a nook of the spacious parking area. I meet Ted on the path and immediately recognize him as the other attractive young man. He recognizes me at once. We greet and exchange the relevant information. He has done several of these parties before. I confirm that I am not a virgin with men and group efforts but that I have not done a party before. He reassures me that it will be cool and that Officer B is a standup guy to be trusted. He gives me a briefing on the show starting with a straightforward inquiry as to my interests. We agree that he will do the fucking during the show. He advises me that there will be no climaxes during the show and that he is clean. I take this to mean he wants to go bareback without climaxing. He goes on to tell me that the money is in the private sessions with clients. Bareback in the show will make the price higher for the private sessions. Officer B will negotiate those and make clear that rubbers are required. I am free to accept or decline a session. B will settle up with us after the party. Ted advises that I not drink or use drugs and to not accept anything from anyone. He goes on to reassure me that he is married with two children and that he does not take any risks. For him, tonight will pay the rent for six months. I ask him how he got here and Ted tells me that officer B caught him with a cock in his mouth in an awkward place and that they reached an understanding that avoided an arrest. The offer of work at these parties followed.

Somewhat reassured I enter the party with Ted. Ted is a few years older than I and an attractive fellow. He is more robust than I but then so is everyone compared to my skeletal bicycle racing physique. We both help ourselves to a club soda. It is early and B has told us that the show will begin at 9, after more of the rich men arrive. In the meantime Ted and I stroll about displaying the goods. Although we are both dressed, we are both the subject of many admiring glances and remarks. Downstairs there is a large open area with a low king size platform bed in the center of the room. There are lights in the ceiling directly over the bed. It is clear that this is show place. It remains only for show time to begin. For us that is. The preliminary show is in progress in the form of two attractive women. When Ted and I arrive, they are nude and the sights and sounds from the bed indicate that they are having a convincingly good time. And while I tell myself that they are performing, the visual gets me rock hard. I glance over and see that they have had the same effect on Ted. There are several men lounging about the room watching and I assume enjoying the spectacle. Ted and I leave and continue our tour of the place. 

We meet officer B upstairs who is dressed in slacks and a sport coat instead of his customary police uniform. I hardly recognize him as the same man. B reassures us that he has our up-front money and that he has already had inquiries about private sessions. The sessions money will be up-front and any subsequent tips are ours. He tells us that he has reassured the potential clients that Ted and I will be available. B tells us that our show will last for forty minutes or so and he advises us to make it good to increase the price for the private sessions. We stroll around some more and both of us use the bathroom, for me the last point that I am going to be alone with my thoughts. I consider all of this and again consider leaving. But I know that I actually want to do the show and that is why I am here. The specter of having sex with a group of people standing around watching is thrilling beyond description. I get hard just thinking about it as I have many times over the past several weeks leading up to tonight. It is the private sessions that follow that give me pause. I try yet again to rationalize any difference between my anonymous male sex encounters and being paid to suck and fuck a man I have never met before.

Ted tells me that it is show time and we go downstairs to the play room. There are ten or so people in the room, distributed around the bed, sitting in comfortable chairs and couches. I note that there are a couple of women, each sitting next to a man on a couch. One couple appears to be husband and wife, the wife either overweight or voluptuous, depending on one's tastes, and the husband ten or fifteen years older. I conclude a second marriage of what was once a trophy girl. The girls are gone and the bed beckons. Ted and I lay on the bed together, fully clothed. There is soft music playing in the background and I hear the faint tinkle of ice in glasses from the people sitting around the bed. We embrace and begin kissing and fondling. I am hard and I am actually anxious to get out of my slacks as I am faintly concerned about my state of arousal. We kiss and neck while unbuttoning each other's clothes. Ted seems quite relaxed whereas my heart is thumping and I keep looking at the people around the bed looking at us. Eventually each of has our zippers down and shirts open. My cock springs out and I am relieved not to have the pressure of my slacks on it. We each make a show of fondling the other's cock, more show than fondle. Ted pushes me on my back and licks and kisses my belly as he pulls my slacks off. And then I am nude, the people sitting around the bed watching my cock sticking straight up, hard and throbbing. 

Ted quickly strips off his slacks, and straddles me, his knees holding him up above me. He leans down to kiss me, our two cocks bobbing and weaving between us. I wrap my arms around his shoulders and we continue kissing, the only part of our bodies touching. I had thought about this moment many times in the weeks leading up to tonight. There was the inevitable performance anxiety about getting it up in front of others. I almost laugh to myself now at the foolishness of that anxiety as I am painfully hard and I worry now about restraining myself from ejaculating. Ted works himself up, allowing me to lick and kiss his chest and belly. Eventually his erect cock is above my face and he has my arms pinned down with his. He bounces his erection on my face, one cheek, then the other, waving it around my face. Ted possesses a lovely specimen, full and round with something of a spear-like head. I make a show of trying to capture the shaft with my mouth. He makes a show of tying to fuck his cock into my mouth but missing the target. We continue with this play for long moments. Eventually he stretches our arms above my head and I capture his cock in my mouth. He emits a long pleasurable gasp as his cock slides into my mouth. I apply almost no pressure on the shaft as he makes of show of rapidly fucking his cock into my mouth. I slide my hands over his bare ass cheeks, caressing the skin as his hips thrust. He is groaning in pleasure above me. Occasionally he presses down and the head of his cock slides into my throat. Each time he pauses for a few seconds and then withdraws his cock completely, the wet glistening organ bobbing above my face for all to see. 

Ted does a 180 with his cock in my mouth and I feel his breath on my own cock. He blows air on my cock and I twitch under him. I make a show of thrusting my hips up off of the bed in an attempt to penetrate his mouth with my cock. I make a good deal of noise, all the while I have my hands on his ass cheeks above me holding onto him, keeping his cock in my mouth, no pressure of my lips on the shaft, just letting him soak. Eventually he captures my cock in his mouth and I emit a huge groan of pleasure and arch my hips up off of the bed. We are locked into a 69 position, each with a mouth full of hard cock. Like me, he exerts no pressure on my shaft. I make a show of fucking into his mouth. We roll over on our sides and continue the 69 embrace. I can see some of our spectators now, watching us, several of the men have their cocks out, slow srroking as they watch. We roll again and I am on top of Ted. I make a great show of driving my cock into his mouth, first short, rapid thrusts and then with a great bellow, I drive my shaft into his throat. Ted grabs my ass cheeks and pulls me down into his mouth. I feel my belly against his face. I grind down, forcing my cock into his throat. I pause a long moment, groaning in pleasure as I am buried in his throat. 

Ted pushes me off of him and I do a loud grunt of disappointment, thrusting my hips in frustration, my cock whipping furiously around in the air. Ted rolls me onto my belly, forces my legs apart, and puts his hands on my back. I feel his face on my ass cheeks. He rubs his face on my ass cheeks, first one side, and then the other. I look out at the spectators, watching us intently. A woman in front of me is on her knees, between the legs of the man she was sitting with. I see her head slowly bobbing up and down while his eyes are glued on me. I feel Ted's lips on my skin, his tongue licking my skin. He separates my ass cheeks with his hands and I feel his breath on my skin. I know what is coming next but even so, when his tongue touches my rectum hole, I gasp in pleasure, real with no artifice. Ted continues exploring, licking and teasing. I arch my hips up to his face and he licks and teases with his lips and tongue. He sucks on my rectum hole and I emit loud gasps of genuine pleasure, raising up off of the bed on my knees and pressing back against his face. He grabs my hips and I fuck my rectum hole back against his face in genuine pleasure. My rock hard cock is jutting out from my belly, bobbing and throbbing. I emit sounds of pleasure, 'yes, oh god yes, suck on it', as I thrust my hips back against his face.

I have worked myself up onto my hands and knees, thrusting my bare ass back into Ted's face as he licks my rectum. I feel him pull away and his hands grip my hips. And then I feel his erection between my ass cheeks. I slowly grind my hips up and down, pressing against him, his shaft sliding between my ass cheeks. My cock is rock hard, jutting down below me. Neither of us dare touch it as I would ejaculate in a heartbeat, such is the state of my arousal. Ted continues to tease his cock against my ass. He makes a mock show of attempting to penetrate me but missing the hole. He rubs the shaft against my cheeks and between my cheeks. Each time I feel the shaft rub against my rectum hole, I make a huge show of vigorously pressing back against him and grinding my hips. I collapse my face against the bed and rock my hips backward. I urge him in audible gasps of pleading, 'now, do it now, fuck me now'. I feel him grab my hip to hold me steady, his cock head finds my rectum hole; he pushes slightly and slides the head of his cock into me. A moment passes, I feel both his hands on my hips, I press back, and he slides the length of his cock into my rectum. I emit a loud gasping groan of clear rapture as I feel his belly press against my ass cheeks. I have him buried balls deep in my ass. 

I rock my hips against his belly, feeling his hard cock inside me. I look up and the spectators in the room are mesmerized by the spectacle, everyone staring at us. Ted pulls out slightly, pauses, and then sinks back into my rectum, a groan of pleasure coming from his lips. I rock my hips again against his belly. My face is looking out at the spectators and I gasp out, 'do it, fuck me, fuck me hard'. I feel a shift on the bed and Ted moves his feet on either side of my knees and I feel his hands shift to the middle of my back. He is squatting over me and I feel him pull his cock almost out and then slide aggressively back in. I groan as the feeling of being possessed comes over me. He pulls back and then begins fucking my rectum in earnest. Short, rapid lunges, has cock slams into me, his belly smacks against my ass as he fucks me. His hands are on my back, pushing me face down into the bed as he rides me. And there is no other description for it. He is riding my body. The room fills with the sound of his body crashing down onto my ass. A staccato 'smack, smack, smack, smack'. The rhythm and the sounds are unceasing as he rides me. My mouth is open and I emit a long continuous 'oh,oh,oh,oh' as he fucks his cock into my ass. He continues unceasing and I am impressed with his stamina. Long minutes follow with his steady fucking of his cock into my rectum. 

And then he jerks out and I feel his hands slide down to my ass cheeks, pushing them roughly apart. I gasp in a combination of shock and humiliation as I realize that he is gaping my asshole for the spectators to look at. He uses his feet and hands to rotate me to the right, all the while pulling my ass cheeks apart. We rotate perhaps 90 degrees before I feel the tip of his cock at the entrance to my rectum and he lunges back in and fills me with a loud smack as his pelvis lands against my ass. He vigorously fucks me for a few minutes before again abruptly pulling out. Again he pulls my ass cheeks apart while again rotating me to the right. He bends over and I feel his breath on my gaping rectum. I moan in ecstasy as I feel his tongue fucking my rectum. He wraps his hand around my balls and begins pulling and twisting. The effect is for my cock to bob and weave in the air. He continues this for some minutes and I realize that he is deliberating showing off my erection to the spectators. 

I look out at the spectators and see all eyes locked on us. A man is sitting in a chair directly in front of me and as I look at him, he mouths the unmistakable message, 'I am going to fuck you'. Perhaps I think, but only after he has escaped the avarice clutches of Officer B. Ted remounts my asshole and again vigorously fucks his cock into my rectum. He lunges his organ into my rectum and I hear him groaning. Long minutes of vigorous fucking of his cock into my asshole follow. He is unceasing and tireless as he lunges into me. Finally he pulls out and gapes my asshole again. He has spun me fully around so that every person in the room has had a look at my gaping rectum and his brilliant cock fucking me. He again grabs my balls in his hands and repeats the vigorous pulling and jerking, my hard cock bouncing wildly. Ted slides his cock into me again and begins violent lunges into my ass. He pauses between each lunge and barks out his pleasure, 'fuck, fuck yes, going to cum, going to fill up his hole'. Ted begins a rapid fucking motion that lasts for perhaps a minute and then I feel him grab my hips in a viselike grip and he shouts that he is cumming. He slams into me one last time and presses his belly against me. 
