 Diary of a Cock Sucker. Chapter 12. 

In which our hero has a sandwich break.

Ted and I remain sitting in the lounge chair for some minutes, waiting for officer B. I ask him if he has been at this place before. He responds that he has been here once before and several other places. I ask how often he does this to which he replies that B calls him every month or two. He tells me that usually the private sessions are in the party place but that once he went with a client to a hotel and another time to a client's home. I ask if he does this on his own to which he responds no. He does not want to get into this as a regular thing and he likes officer B serving as the middleman. It all seems to work out he tells me with no risks. I ask what kind of private sessions he has had and he responds that it is all over the map, leaving the map to my imagination.

Officer B returns with his ebullient mood unaltered. He turns first to Ted and tells him that he has a wealthy solo. On inquiry, B tells Ted that the guy wants to take my place on the show scene. Officer B turns to me and tells me that 'you are in luck kid, you get the married couple, the woman with the big tits'. On inquiry, B tells me that the wife thinks I am the most gorgeous creature she has ever seen. The three of us depart together and head to the upper floor where the bedrooms are located. B drops off Ted at a room and then he and I walk to my bedroom. B tells me that he will be in the hallway if I should need assistance. He will meet me there after my session. A discreet knock, the door is opened, I enter, the door is closed, and my new career as a prostitute is about to begin. 

The couple introduce themselves as Mike and Alice. M has let me into the room and is dressed only in his slacks. He is a 50ish fellow with a good deal of body hair and he is a bit beefy. A is perhaps fifteen years his junior and is either thirty pounds overweight or voluptuous, depending on one's tastes. She has very large soft natural breasts. I know this because she is wearing only M's draped open shirt. It would be very easy to visualize Alice ten years younger and thirty pounds lighter with those huge breasts. I am guessing that A is a second wife, and what would have been a trophy wife for a forty year old guy who had made it big in business. They both have a drink in hand and ask if I would like one. I decline but take a bottle of water. We chat for a few minutes with Alice reclining on the large bed. She suggests that I join her. I remove my clothes and as I turn back to the bed, there is Alice, nude, reclining with her feet parted and her knees raised a bit. She is a sight to behold; exquisitely gorgeous skin, flawless and glowing pink in this dim light, not a hair on her body below her neck, her sex and nipples swollen from arousal, and her breasts huge and soft. She has her arms under her breasts to hold them up on top of her chest. 

I get on the bottom of the bed and it is my intention to have a taste of her. But as I make that intention clear, Alice tells me in a sultry voice, that after watching me in that show, she is ready to pop and she urges me up on top of her. As I begin to settle on top of Alice, she reaches her hand down and steers the head of my cock to her pus. With her other hand she grabs my hip and pulls me into her. I slide in where I find her sloppy wet. I put my arms on either side of her breasts and so hold them up between us. The sensation I feel as I settle in and on her is like that of being engulfed by a giant exquisitely soft white pillow. I look over and see M sitting on the edge of the bed looking at us. Alice sighs in blissful pleasure as I fill her, rocking her hips and pulling on my hips. She pulls my hips up with both her hands while whispering in my ear to hold still and let her do it. I am rammed against her sex, our pubic bones mashed together. She rocks her hips, slowly at first. She looks over at M and tells him, 'oh god he is so hard'. I look over to see how M is taking all of this and see that he is entranced, calmly sipping on his drink and watching his wife being fucked. 

Her characterization of my present state of anatomy is quite correct. I am rock hard of an unusual sort. I wonder if this has something to do with the performance enhancing pill I took from Ted. My cock feels like a lead pipe but without the slightest sensation of approaching climax. This strikes me as odd considering my state of arousal an hour ago. Alice has a deathgrip on my ass cheeks and is grinding herself against my hard erection. I whisper words of encouragement and lick and kiss her neck. She is breathing hard, groaning in pleasure, and gasping, 'so hard, so hard, so fucking hard'. Alice turns her head toward Mike. I lean up a bit and see a look of rapture on her face. I feel her grinding on my cock take on sharp jerking spasms and it is clear that she is in rapturous ecstasy. She emits a loud 'oh Mike', and climaxes under me, furiously grinding her hips amidst a cacophony of gasps and groans. I have not moved an inch since I settled in and on her, and yet she has had the most rapturous pleasure, such was the state of her arousal. We repose for a long time with her hip spasms slowly diminishing. Rarely have I seen someone enjoy a climax more fully. 

Eventually she emits a loud exhalation and I assume she is done. I make a move to withdraw but she is having none of it and immediately clasps my hips with the admonition that I stay. I feel her hands caressing my back from my shoulders to my ass cheeks. She gives my cock the occasional caressing squeeze as well. And the pillow like analogy of her great body has not diminished at all. She has a sheen of sweat on her brow from her exertions. She looks over at Mike and exclaims, 'oh Mike thank you, he is so delicious'. I conclude that she is referring to me. I note that Mike has removed his slacks and has returned to the bed with a refreshed drink. He assists Alice with taking a few swallows. It is scotch. We enjoy the languor of a long soaking repose. I occasionally pull part way out and then slide slowly back in, pressing my pelvis firmly against her. Each time I feel her squeeze on my cock and arch her hips up to me. 

Alice urges Mike to come closer and he slides over and up. He is lying right next to us and Alice takes his cock in her mouth. He is full but not particularly hard. She slides her lips up and down on the shaft for a bit, all the while holding my ass cheeks with her hands, grasping me tightly into her. Then she withdraws her mouth from his shaft, lifts the organ with one hand, and offers it to me. I take his cock in my mouth and repeat her exercise, sliding my lips up and down the shaft and caressing the head of his cock with my mouth. He groans appreciatively. We exchange his cock back and forth between us, each of us suckling on his shaft while the other watches, all the while laying belly to belly, my cock soaking and slowly fucking into her. Eventually his cock evolves from full to hard and withdrawing her mouth from his cock, tells him 'now Mike, do it now'. Alice tells me to roll over and we do so together, still joined together. I am now under Alice and she draws her knees up to my sides, her huge soft breasts covering my chest, her hair cascading down over my face. I feel the bed shift and Mike is between my legs and hers. I feel some fumbling and then the sensation of what can only be a cock sliding in. I see his face above her shoulder and I feel his hand on her hip. He has pressed his cock into her rectum and we are double penetrating his wife. As I realize what is in progress, I feel the most intense erotic thrill and I arch my hips up, straining to get even more of my rock hard cock into her. 

Alice gives a great inhalation as Mike fills her rectum. The effort takes a minute or two to complete but eventually we are both fully inside of her and he has one hand on a hip and the other on one of her shoulders. He emits a load oath of satisfaction as I feel him pressing strongly against her ass cheeks. My own hands are cupping the full globes of her ass and I am straining my cock up into her. The feeling of tightness as she is full of both of our cocks is unbelievable. I feel his cock slide out, our organs separated by the thinnest of membranes. He pauses and I feel him slid slowly back in, again pressing tightly against her ass cheeks. I repeat this exercise from below, sliding partway out and then slowly back in. Like him, I press tightly back into her by arching my hips up. All the while Alice is emitting the most heartfelt series of gasps and cries; of pleasure or pain or an exotic mix of both, I could not hazard a guess. I can feel her squeezing her organs and the massaging pressure on my shaft, and I have no doubt on his as well, is the very definition of exotically erotic. 

I begin thrusting into her from below while Mike soaks in her rectum, holding tightly against her ass cheeks. I can feel his rigid shaft as I slide in and out. I stroke slowly at first, withdrawing almost to the head of my cock and then sliding back in. Alice lies down on my chest, those magnificent breasts covering and overflowing my slender frame. I can both feel and hear her growing arousal. She emits small gasps of pleasure, whispers in my ear, 'yes, oh yes, oh that feels so good'. And then I feel Mike begin to slide in and out of her as well. We quickly fall into a rhythm, one of us withdrawing and the other sliding in. We continue a moderate pace for some long minutes. Clearly this was part of their strategy for this private session, as was the initial fuck. And I have to say that this has no equal in the realm of erotic sex. And Alice clearly agrees as she is by now highly aroused. She has a death grip on my shoulders, hanging on as we both fuck into her, Mike with growing enthusiasm. The sounds of his belly landing against her ass as he fucks her fill the room. 

We are sandwiched together, the three of us, Alice between us. Mike is now vigorously thrusting his cock into her rectum. I can feel his balls bouncing on me as he slides in and out. The room is filled with the steady 'smack, smack, smack, smack' as his belly lands forcefully against her ass cheeks. I have my hips arched up and I am thrusting my cock into her. Alice has her cheek pressed against mine, her arms and hands gripping my shoulders, hanging on as she is being ridden. I have my arms around her shoulders, holding her in place. Alice is moaning in my ear, 'oh god, oh god, oh god'. I can feel her tighten and squeeze on both of us and the feel of Mike's cock sliding in and out is more than arousing. I can feel my climax approaching and it is clear that both Alice and Mike are close as well. I whisper in her ear, 'I am going to cum in you. I am going to fill you up with my cum'. Alice immediately groans loudly and begins thrusting and jerking her hips. I then whisper, 'mike is going to splash his juice in your asshole'. The effect of these words is immediate and dramatic. Alice emits a scream of pleasure and her body clenches in ecstasy. She emits a series of staccato oaths of rapture as she rotates and thrusts her ass on both our cocks. Her climax goes on and on, slowly diminishing in intensity. And then suddenly she pushes both her legs back forcing Mike to withdraw. She squeezes her legs together between mine, trapping my cock in her. She pushes down to increase the pressure but the effect is so stressful on my cock that it is almost painful.

Mike appears at the head of the bed and kneels next to us. He is fully erect and it is clear that the premature departure deprived him of what I assume was his goal of ejaculating in her rectum while we both fucked his wife. He lifts her chin and she engulfs his cock, mouthing vigorously up and down for a minute, moaning loudly all the time. It is then my turn and I take his cock into my mouth. Mike fucks his full shaft into my mouth just inches from Alice's face. She moans loudly and she begins thrusting her hips. My cock is still pushed painfully down and Alice is thrusting vigorously on it. More than vigorously as her thrusting becomes frantic as does her moans of pleasure. Mike begins fucking his cock into my mouth with more energy. I am pressing my lips on the shaft and licking the head as the shaft drives in and out of my mouth. Alice is looking at the cock fucking my mouth just inches from her face. I hear her moaning, her hips slamming up and down, riding herself on my cock. I see one of Alice's hands appear and she wraps her fingers around the shaft of his cock. The effect is immediate as he stops thrusting, bellows out, and he explodes his semen in my mouth. 

The effect on Alice is also immediate. She screeches and thrusts her hips violently, grinding on my cock and pubic bone. The grinding goes on for a few seconds and she shouts, clenches, and then rocks her hips as she climaxes. We repose for some time, Mike eventually withdrawing his cock from my mouth. I feel him get up from the bed. Alice turns to face me and we kiss, voluptuously when she tastes the cum in my mouth, grinding her lips on mine and stabbing her tongue into my mouth. So arousing does she find this that she slowly thrusts her hips up and down, trembling with each thrust, grinding on my cock until she brings herself off one last time, more modest in exertion, but I think no less pleasurable in her heartfelt moans of pleasure. 

I am grateful when she finally rolls off of me. My poor cock is numb from the pressure of being bent down and ground on so vigorously. I get up from the bed and recover my clothes. Mike has left a generous tip and as I am departing, he asks for my telephone number. I give him my number and as I turn to leave I see Alice curled up, looking very much like a large snow white pillow. 

In the hall I meet officer B. He tells me that I was in the session for a long time and asks how it went. I reassure him that it went fine. He tells me that Ted is in a second session and he has a second session for me. Feeling somewhat the worse for wear at this point, I ask him what the session will involve. He responds that it is probably just a quick blowjob, easy for me as he puts it. 

I am dressed at this point and he takes my arm to guide me down the hall. I tell him on the way that this is it; I am going home after this session. He reassures me that this is the last session. I knock and enter the room. There are three men in the room. They turn to look at me as I enter. They appear to be businessmen all 40ish plus or minus a bit. They are standing by a bar in the room. I walk over to the bar and help myself to a bottle of water. We look at each other for a few minutes, no one saying a word. I consider that there are two choices, either leave the room right now and go home, or get on with it.

I sink to my knees, the three men around me. I wait for one of them to unfasten and sure enough, one of them shortly does so. He displays a fine specimen, a bit long and nicely shaped, full but not fully hard. The other two watch to see what will happen. I reach out a hand to his hip and pull him closer. His cock, almost hard, is inches from my face. There is utter silence in the room. I lean forward and slowly brush my cheek against the shaft, one side, and then the other. I repeat this several times and note gratefully that the owner much appreciates this detail, confirmed by the stiffening of his organ. I hear a gasp of pleasure at the sensation and his organ throbs against my skin. I conclude he is more than ready. I lick the tip of his cock, flicking my tongue on the underside, teasing the sweet spot. The cock is hard now and bobbing in front of me. I look up and ask him if this is what he wants, the head of his cock pressing lightly on my lips as I ask. He groans and touches my head with his hand, a small urging push. I slide my lips over the head of his organ, feel the ripples of the shaft as my lips slide down the length of the shaft, and I have him in my mouth, hard and throbbing. I am again overwhelmed with the sensation of taking a manhood in my mouth, of devouring it. My tongue cradles the underside of his cock and my lips press on the shaft. I feel him throbbing in my mouth, powerful spasms, fully aroused, straining to hold back a climax that he must have been thinking about for hours. I feel incredibly powerful with his cock in my mouth at the very precipice of ejaculation. 

I pull my lips very slowly up the shaft of his cock, my tongue caressing the underside as I do so. I hear him gasp, his hand resting lightly on my head, his cock quivering in pleasure. I stop with just the head of his cock in my mouth, the shaft glistening, protruding from my mouth. I hear him gasping with pleasure and his legs are trembling under my hand on his hip. It is exquisitely arousing to have this cock in my mouth so close to ejaculation. He is pulsing in my mouth, straining to hold back, to enjoy the pleasure for a moment longer, just one moment longer, a few seconds longer. I can taste the essence of him, a faintly sweet sensation. I open my mouth and feather my lips on the shaft just below the head. I repeat this feathery caress, just barely touching the skin but I feel him stiffen and the pleasure that this brings is more than apparent. I withdraw my mouth from his cock and look up at him. The cock is rock hard and throbbing just in front of my lips. 'Do you want to cum in my mouth', I ask him. In the silence, I lick the sweet spot of the cock. His cock does a large stiffening throb and I hear him groan in pleasure. I take the cock back in my mouth, squeeze the shaft in my mouth, and suck vigorously on it. The effect is immediate. He grabs my head with both hands, shouts out, and ejaculates a flood of his semen into my mouth. I caress the underside of his cock as he ejaculates in my mouth. His climax was powerful, no doubt long pent up. I hold him in my mouth for a long repose, his cock soaking in his semen. 

Eventually he withdraws and I am careful to not make a mess with the mouthful of semen. Immediately one of his companions puts a hand on my head and directs me to his cock. He has dropped his slacks to his ankles and I have no doubt has been wanking while he watched me suck off his friend. His cock is full and hard, a lovely specimen, average in length with a left bend. He is anxious, pressing the head of his cock against my lips. I slide my mouth over his cock, the rock hard shaft bathing in the ejaculated semen of his friend. He has both his hands on my head and begins immediately fucking my mouth. I lick and caress the underside of the shaft and feel it stiffen in my mouth. I conclude that if his friend had a short fuse, this one seems to be microscopic. But such is the effect of pent up desire combined with an overpowering erotic display. I hear him groaning and gasping, his hips thrusting in a blur. I continue caressing the head of his cock with my tongue as the shaft slides in and out of my mouth. I press my lips on the shaft firmly as this is not the time for teasing. He is holding my head and stops thrusting for a moment, my lips pressing hard on the shaft just below the head. I feel him spasm, then cry out, and his thrusting resumes for a moment. He stops thrusting again, again my lips just below the head, again pressing firmly. I feel him shaking with the ecstatic pleasure of his cock in my mouth, straining to hold back his crisis for one minute longer. He gives a great cry as he feels his climax overwhelm him, pumps his cock vigorously into my mouth and gives me a great burst of his semen. He groans loudly, arching his hips and shaking violently as he pumps his cum into my mouth. I hold his cock in my mouth, the semen flowing out onto my tongue. I squeeze my mouth on the organ, sucking the last of his manhood into my mouth, taking it from him. He is holding my head in his hands so that I do not withdraw. Of course it would never occur to me to withdraw off of this lovely cock. We both enjoy his repose, the cock very gradually losing the stiffness, the shaft bathing in a mouthful of semen. 
