 It had been quite some time since I had been to the video shop and theater in Cin***. Finding myself with a gratifying free afternoon, I set out as early as possible so to maximize my time and opportunities. I managed to find a convenient place to park the motorcycle and entered the video shop. Unchanged from my last visit, one is presented with a choice, the video booths or the pay to enter movie theater. I had not had the opportunity to have some quality time with my cock in what seemed forever and so I was very much looking forward to several hours of blissful masturbating in the nude while watching porn films. But I thought I might see if a cock or two might be available first in the booths. 

I enter the video booth area and engage in the usual nonsense of pretending to closely study the titles available in the booths. Several booths are occupied and so I am anxious to quickly see if there might be any cock sucking candidates, and if not now, then I will go into the movie theater. I have decided that if I have not totally exhausted myself in the theater, then I could stop in the booths before departing for home. In a few minutes one of the booth doors open followed almost immediately by another. The occupants appear to be the typical married men stopping here during a work break, one in a suit and the other in a service delivery uniform. In other words, my target audience. I make a show of entering a room and leave the door open. In a moment, suit walks slowly by and looks in finding me leisurely leaning against the wall. Suit enters the room and I close the door behind him. 

A few awkward moments behind, suit displays a fine specimen. He is nicely hard and I take my liberties with his organ, caressing and stroking the shaft with my fingers. I am in no rush but also in no mind to excessively prolong the encounter. And in any case, what better way to spend the odd few leisure moments than teasing a lovely hard cock with one's finger tips, while all the while knowing that one is going to extract the manhood from this lovely organ before allowing him to leave.

In the dim light of the room, I lean toward suit and whisper to him, 'does this feel good', all the while teasing the bottom of his shaft with my fingertips, slowly up and down the length of the shaft. He breathes a husky affirmative. I grasp the cock with my thumb and forefingers and roll it side to side, gently pump up and down on it, and then resume rolling the shaft side to side with my fingertips. I whisper, 'how about that?' He is gasping a bit with pleasure and responds that it feels good. I wrap my fingers around the shaft and squeeze gently, again and again, and then caress and stroke the shaft with my fingertips. I whisper in his ear, would you like me to take your cock in my mouth?' I stroke and caress the shaft as I am asking him these questions, delighting in his obvious arousal and pleasure. I whisper, 'would you like me to get on my knees and suck on your cock?' He responds with a now hoarse affirmative. I feel him shaking and know that he will not last much longer if I persist with this. I whisper to him, 'do you want to cum in my mouth?' I can see from his physical reaction that the visual images of my questions are firing in his brain. He responds with 'yes, oh god yes'. I tell him to unfasten and drop his trousers. I want him standing there with his clothes around his ankles. He immediately unfastens and pushes his clothes down. I slide my hand between his legs and gently cup his balls, squeezing and rolling his balls in my hand. Tell me I whisper to him. Tell me what you want me to do. His cock is waving in the air in front of him while I caress his balls. I whisper again, tell me what you want me to do. He gasps out 'get on your knees and suck on my cock'. And then, I whisper to him? Another almost sobbing gasp from him, 'suck on my cock until I cum in your mouth'. 

I drop to my knees in front of him. His cock is jutting out, quivering with arousal. The head of his cock is just in front of my lips. The skin is gleaming in the pale light, beckoning to me. There is a drop of dew on the tip, slowly growing larger. I open my mouth and take his organ, careful not to touch the head of his cock. My lips press on the shaft near the base, my tongue cradling the organ in my mouth. The taste of his cock floods my brain, the faint taste of his essence, the flavor of his skin. I moan in pleasure to myself, on my knees with this hard cock in my mouth. Cock sucking paradise is mine once again. I hold him there in my mouth for a long moment, the two of us joined, mouth to cock. I feel him shudder against my hand on his hip. His cock pulses in my mouth, pulses again; this must be an agony of pleasure as I feel him pulse in my mouth yet again. I slowly draw my lips up the length of the shaft. I hear his intake of breath at the pleasure of my lips on his organ. I slide my lips all the way off and he groans in ecstatic pleasure as my lips slide over the head of his cock. I watch the shaft bobbing in the air, gleaming with moisture, the cock begging to return to the exquisite warmth of my mouth. I take just the head of his cock in my mouth and gently suck on it. I feel him stiffen and arch his hips forward. I release his cock and let it bob in the air for a moment, again admiring the lovely glistening shaft. I take him back into my mouth, again careful to not touch the head. I squeeze his cock in my mouth, wrapping my tongue around the bottom of the shaft. I hear him moaning with pleasure, his cock straining and pulsing in my mouth. I reach a hand up and caress his balls with my fingertips, just stroking the skin. He moans in pleasure and emits a heartfelt cry, 'oh, oh oh oh'. 

I press my lips on the shaft and begin sliding up and down on the shaft. His cock stiffens rock hard and I hear a sharp inhalation. I grab a handful of his balls in my hand and squeeze. I slide my lips up and down on the shaft faster, and then faster. I feel his whole body go tense. I slam my face against his belly, forcing the head of his cock into my throat. I hold it there and hear him cry out. At the same instant I feel him ejaculate into my throat, the semen bursting out and flowing down my throat. I gasp in delight as I feel his cock jerking in the constricting grip of my throat, his climax bursting, his semen flowing. I withdraw his cock from my throat and hold him in my mouth. My eyes are tearing from the strain and my own breath is short from the effort and the thrill. I slowly caress the shaft with my lips, drawing the last bit of semen and pleasure from his shaft. And I thrill to the achievement of the cock suckers ambition, to drain his cock, to empty his balls, to swallow his cum, to take his manhood and make it my own. 

After a long repose which I am in no hurry to end, his cock has softened and I withdraw. I rise and lean back against the opposite wall. And there he is, his pants down around his ankles, his shoulders sagging in spent exhaustion, and his drooping cock no longer the magnificent specimen. I open the door and depart to leave him to recoup in private. 

I stride down the hall on the way to the movie theater when I see the delivery garbed fellow studying the inventory of films. I pause and look at him for a moment and then slide into an open booth, leaving the door open behind me. I wait for a moment and like clockwork, delivery enters the booth, closing the door behind him. He is all business and immediately unfastens and drops his drawers to his ankles. It is thrilling to be this clear and relaxed in one's desires and interests. He just wants a blowjob and then he will be on with his day. I reach out my hand and grasp his organ. He is full and within a moment of my caressing with my hand, he is solidly hard. I descend to my knees and before me is a beautiful specimen, average length, a bit narrow, and a splendid straight round shape. I lean forward and start with a teasing caress of the head of his cock with my lips. I swirl my tongue over the head and lick the sweet spot. His cock responds with the most delicious pulsing in reaction to my ministrations. I marvel yet again how wonderful it is to suck on a cock. The infinite variety of shapes and tastes, and the way the organ reacts to stimulation, all seemingly engineered to please the cock sucking devotee. 

I slide my lips down the length of the organ, the skin of his shaft marvelously smooth, almost as if it were a Rodin, carved from snow white granite. I tease the skin of his shaft with my lips, soft feathery caresses up and down the shaft. I lick the underside of his cock, delighting in the feel of his cock stiffen from hard to almost impossibly rigid in my mouth. I withdraw from his cock to let him cool for a moment. The beautiful shaft throbs in front of me, glistening from the moisture of my mouth. I slide my hands up the backs of his legs and over his ass cheeks, pressing his cock into my mouth. I moan in pleasure and arousal, there on my knees with his hard cock fully in my mouth. How gratifying I think to be here in this moment, sucking on this splendid cock. I slide my lips back and suck on just the head of his cock, teasing it in my lips, licking the tip and then the sweet spot under the head. Again I feel him stiffen and again I withdraw from his cock. I gaze at the shaft with the most profound longing, mesmerized by the throbbing of the organ. It beckons to me, hypnotic in the pulsing throbs. 

I look up at him for a moment. Standing there in front of me with his pants down, wrapped around his ankles, his erect cock jutting out. I extend my hand between his legs and cup his balls. I roll them in my hand as I look up at him. His cock pulses strongly from the pleasure of my hand caressing his balls. I take his cock back in my mouth. The sound in the room goes silent and my entire world becomes the hard cock in my mouth, throbbing, alive in my mouth. I press on the shaft and slide my lips up and down, just below the head of his cock. I feel him begin to stiffen again and resolve that this time I will pleasure him, bring him to ejaculation in my mouth. I think about consuming his seed, swallowing the life of him. I moan as I feel his rapidly mounting pleasure. I hear him sigh and his cock stiffens again. I know it will be only a moment before he climaxes in my mouth. I am vigorously bobbing my head, sucking on his cock, my lips pressing on the shaft. I lick the underside of the head of his cock and that does it for him. He groans loudly, arches his hips, and pulses strongly in my mouth, another strong throb, and then he ejaculates his semen into my mouth. His legs shake as he climaxes. His semen pours into my mouth and I begin to think that he must not have cum in a month; such is the volume of semen from him. 

I kneel there in front of him for a long time with my mouth holding his cock. I reflect that I never tire of this sweet repose, the slowly deflating cock bathing in a mouthful of ejaculated semen. His semen has an earthy taste, and there is a lot to taste as I do not recall ever receiving quite such a mouthful. Eventually he withdraws from my mouth and his cock, now much diminished flops down. I look up at him with his now deflated cock hanging down between us, and I swallow his cum. The sensation flows over me again that I have consumed his essence, the very manhood of him. As I rise, I reflect on the profound feelings of cock sucking, that one is the larger and better for it, for having taken that glorious organ in one's mouth, for having swallowed and consumed the seed of another. I am deeply moved, not for the first time and I am certain not for the last. I have sucked a cock, taken its essence in my mouth, swallowed the soul, and made it my own. I am leaving the room with it, having taken it from him.

I leave the room and go to the movie theater. The two companions were a glorious, enervating experience. But now I am looking forward to a couple of hours of an old and much cherished pastime. I pay my modest fee and enter the theater, as usual stumbling around for a bit until I can see. Eventually I find a seat and commence my private pleasure. There is no one in my proximity and I quickly disrobe from the waist. I am already aroused from the two cock sucking sessions so it takes no time at all to be fully hard. I love porn and the films do not disappoint. The film genre are girls taking it in the ass and this has become a favorite of mine, so I enjoy the films thoroughly. There is a broad mix of scenes including a single couple, several men and one girl, and multiple men and girls. I particularly enjoy the double penetration scenes and the close-up and slow motion scenes of the cock working away in the girl's holes. The sight of an oversized hard cock sliding in and out of a rectum is exhilarating. And in the present case, I watch a DP scene with constant thrilling flashbacks to my recent experience with Alice and Mike. Except in this case, both of the men come to a glorious climax, one in each hole. And as the cum drips out of the model on the screen, I come to my own glorious climax in my seat. 

Such is the addictiveness of porn that however exhausting one's climax might be, there are a limitless supply of porn performers, all eager to make their appearance on the screen. It is like a sex partner who never tires. Porn is always eager to engage one in incredible sex in the seemingly infinite variety of subjects, sizes, and shapes. And so I have the most wonderful afternoon, playing with my cock nonstop while watching porn, reaching several long delayed intense climaxes, the porn reviving my interest after just a short time of repose. Eventually I have seen all of the films and it is time to go. I consider going home immediately but as I walk out of the theater and pass the video booth hall, I cannot resist a short detour, just to have a look I tell myself.

And of course I do look. It is the end of the work day and there is the anticipated end of day stop of men on their way home. In an hour or two they will be home with what they believe is little hope of sex. So here they are, hopeful for a commuter blowjob. I do not intend to make a night of it on my knees, but I convince myself that a public service would delay my departure by only a few minutes and so I look for a candidate. My search is not lengthy as there is a businessman in a suit giving me a hard look. I enter a room, leaving the door open. As I expect, I immediately have company. Before I have the door closed, he has his cock out and he is erect. Obviously he has been thinking about this with enthusiasm and he is more than ready. This is one of the unending charms of anonymous male sex. We have not spoken a single word and yet here we are, cock and mouth about to join in rapturous union. 

I sink to my knees in front of suit and his cock is right in front of me, an inch from my lips. He has a very nice specimen, long and of average girth, with a slight drooping curve. I reach a hand up and caress the bottom of the long shaft with the backs of my fingertips. The cock jerks at my touch. I use my fingers to hold the cock up and I slide my lips over the shaft. The feel of his cock in my mouth and the taste of him are lovely. I luxuriate just holding his cock in my mouth, squeezing the organ gently in my mouth, cradling the shaft in my tongue. If I could shout that I love cock sucking without withdrawing my mouth from his cock, I would certainly do so now. I slowly withdraw down the length of his cock, my lips pressing on the shaft. I lick the bottom of the shaft, caressing the sweet spot under the head. I hold the shaft up with my fingers and lick the sweet spot, enjoying the reaction of the cock to my caresses, the jerking pulse to each of my licks. I slide my lips over the head of his cock and gently suck on the head, swirling my tongue around the head, pressing my lips on the head and sucking. I wrap my fingers around the shaft and pump on it while holding the head of the cock in my mouth. I pump slowly on it at first, gradually increasing speed. 

I can taste the essence of him in my mouth. I hear his soft murmurs of pleasure. 'Yes, suck me, ohhhh, suck on me'. Suck on me he says, the personal characterization. On that we perfectly agree; I am sucking the life out of him through his cock. I assume he wants to talk like this while his wife blows him as I am certain that he is in full fantasy mode. I remove my hand from the cock and slide my lips down the length of the shaft. He has the perfect cock for throat fucking, long and down curve shaped. I have the head of his cock at the entrance to my throat. I am certain that he can feel it there. I press against him and the head of his cock slowly slides into my throat. I hear him inhale sharply at this sensation. I withdraw and take a deep breath. And I slide onto his cock again, taking his cock into my throat. I hear him cry out in pleasure. I slide slowly up and down on his shaft, the head of his cock fucking into my throat. He is gasping and moaning in pleasure and he puts his hands on my head. He cries out 'yes, oh god yes, oh, oh, oh'. I withdraw, take a deep breath and slide my throat back onto the head of his cock. I press my face against his belly. He groans loudly with the most profound plea that I not stop. I fuck my throat on his cock, sliding on and off of it again and again. 

I feel him shaking from the pleasure. I wonder if he has ever done this, had a throat fuck blowjob. His cock is perfectly shaped for this exercise and he feels delicious in my mouth and throat. I withdraw and take a deep breath and then immediately return to throat sucking on his cock. We are both moaning with pleasure now as I slide my throat on and off of his cock shaft. I hear him gasp out, 'oh I am going to cum, oh oh oh'. I decide that I want to feel him splash in my mouth. I withdraw his cock from my throat and wrap my hand around the bottom of the shaft. I have the head of his cock in my mouth. I begin vigorously pumping on the shaft with my hand while sucking on the head. I pump as fast as I can on the shaft and press with my lips. I hear him gasp loudly and feel him stiffen. This is one of the supreme moments for a cock sucker. It is always the same and yet always different, that moment when you know that the cock is going to burst its semen. No two oral climaxes have ever been exactly the same. I have my lips pressing firmly on the shaft just below the head of the cock, pumping furiously on the shaft with my fingers. I hear a long moan of ecstasy and feel the first jet of his cum burst into my mouth. I moan loudly, the combination of the pleasure of the cock sucker, the triumphant and the sheer undiluted enjoyment of the moment. I hold his cock in my mouth and slow my pumping on the shaft. My mouth fills with his semen and I moan with each pulsing emission. 

Eventually his climax ends and we enter the bliss of repose. I remain on my knees with his cock in my mouth. I feel him gradually relax, his cock slowly deflating in my mouth, bathed in his semen. I enjoy the taste and texture of his cum in my mouth. He touches my head and I withdraw from his cock, standing and leaning back against the opposite wall. We look at each other, me with my mouth full of his semen, and he with his half deflated cock hanging out. I hear him say, 'god that was good'. I nod and as we look at each other, I swallow his cum. I reflect again on swallowing the semen of another, his loss readily apparent in the specter of his deflated cock and his semen that I have just swallowed. But the cock sucker knows that it is more than the semen. I have swallowed his essence and his manhood.