 Chapter 14. 

In which our hero takes a stroll in the park. 

After my stop in the park on the way home from my training ride discussed in chapter 10, the park became a subject of interest on subsequent training rides. The park was often on the way home from a ride and when it was not, I often did a minor detour in order to ride by and often to stop. Occasionally I would see a police squad car parked in the parking lot and would always stop on those occasions to chat with the police officer. Twice it was officer B who would invariably address me in his familiar jocular manner, 'hey kid, how is it hanging?', or some similar crude reference. Officer B had several times called with a proposition similar to the party. But the details were such that I declined; fearing the inevitable that someone I knew socially would be in attendance. I would invariably put B off on the grounds of being busy but encouraged him to call me in the future. He would invariably invite me into his squad car but I felt a strong self-defense reason to decline after our business relationship, and I had no interest in becoming known as a police department cock sucker, and particularly not officer B's cock sucker. 

The park turned out to be an ongoing meeting place for men looking for a hookup. Occasionally there was evidence in the form of vacant cars that the assignation occurred in the park itself. And I was occasionally propositioned for such an encounter. But the risks described in chapter 10 were all too real and so I declined these invitations as being excessively risky. I suppose some may enjoy a blowjob in the urinal or in the woods with the risk of being compromised adding to the excitement, but that level of excitement is beyond my limit. And besides, there are insects in the woods. And police officers in the urinals.

So it is a beautiful day and I have completed one of my several times weekly brutal training rides. My route home takes me by the park and I ride into the parking lot. This is a good place to stretch, have some drink, and use the urinal. It is not unusual to find cars in the parking lot and that is the case today. The hook-up seekers invariably back into the parking space so that they can observe arrivals. In the present case, I can see that the car is occupied by a man sitting behind the steering wheel. I complete my urinal exercise, stretch a bit, and sit on a bench with my drink bottle and an energy bar. Eventually the car driver exits his car and walks over. We chat for a bit and it is clear that he is looking for a hook-up. He is an attractive man in his mid-30s, dressed in a business suit. I have speculated more than once that laborers do not have time to be gay as they are too busy working for slave labor wages. My companion eventually asks if I might like to join him for a coffee or something. Feigning naiveté, I ask where he had in mind. He responds that he lives nearby and that we could put my bicycle in his trunk. 

We shortly arrive at his home and he parks his car in his garage. I take the time then to remove the bicycle from the trunk and leave it against the wall in the garage. We enter his home and it is apparent that the dwelling is shared by a woman and children, I assume his family. This is shortly confirmed when I ask if he is sure his wife will not be home any time soon. Of course it is not my wife that will interrupt and short of a violent reaction, the outraged wife is his problem. He excuses me for a quick shower to recover from the effects of riding a bicycle uphill. I exit the bathroom clothed only in a towel and I find him in a similar state of nudity in the bedroom. I discard the towel and we retire to the bed. He congratulates me on my ripped physique, the inevitable outcome of excessive training miles accompanied by the near starvation diet common to elite level bicycle racers. His physique would be considered attractive with the tan lines of a good deal of time spent on golf courses. 

My companion and I kiss and caress for a long time, the languor of it all so sensual that we are both aroused and erect. My companion takes a keen interest in my cock, touching, fondling, and handling with unrestrained enthusiasm. He restrains me from more than the occasional caress of his organ, although to be sure he is firmly interested. He has a lovely cock of average dimensions and he is quite hard. Eventually it becomes clear that his desire is that I lay back and let him enjoy himself on my body. And to that end, he slides down so that he is kissing and licking my breasts and belly while all of the time caressing and stroking with his hands. The touching of his hands is non-stop and comprehensive; my belly, my thighs, my buttocks, my cock, my balls, and eventually he slides a hand under my balls and finds my rectum hole. He teases and strokes my rectum hole and eventually attempts to slide a finger in. This finger fucking is not something that I really enjoy and in any case if the point is to arouse me, he has already accomplished that objective. I lean up and caress his face, and ease any doubt in his mind by telling him that I am looking forward to the real thing while at the same time pulling his fingers away from my rectum and ease them up to my balls and cock. 

He has been playing with my cock since the very beginning, clearly not with any interest in bringing me to climax as his technique has been the feathery touch and caress. I have much appreciated his restrained skill as I am rock hard and yet I want this to go on for my enjoyment and not a climax. So we are of like mind and his lovely fondling and caressing go on and on. He brushes the backs of his fingers on my shaft, licks and sucks on the skin of my belly, squeezes my balls, his fingers and hands and lips seemingly everywhere in the most delightful and arousing embraces. I am driven almost mad with pleasure as he takes my cock in his mouth while at the same time placing a restraining arm across my legs so that I cannot thrust. He then withdraws from my cock and performs the most exquisitely pleasurable licking of my cock shaft. I am moaning with pleasure. He caresses the skin on my thighs and combines this with licking and mouthing the shaft of my cock far away from the head. It is all maddeningly pleasurable and I am moaning and cannot lie still, such is the intensity of his efforts and my reaction to them. He returns to the most delicate sucking on the head of my cock and I find myself digging my heels into the bed and arching my hips up, trying to drive my cock into his mouth, all the while emitting the most heartfelt sounds of pleasure. He manages my rolling and thrusting with complete calm all the while continuing his caressing and teasing, driving me to utter distraction.

I have assumed all along that he wants to fuck me. We are at the point that he is going to do just that or let me cum. Or I am leaving. I tell him now, fuck me now. He looks up at me while continuing to stroke and caress with his fingers. I am struck at how skillful he is at using just the right amount of pressure on my skin to drive me mad with pleasure and yet not close to the edge of climax. The caressing of my thighs and buttocks is particularly enervating. I reach now and pull on his shoulder to urge him up. Please I tell him, do it now. He finally moves, parts my legs and positions himself. He pulls on a condom and I raise my legs and arch my hips up to him. I feel the head of his cock at my rectum hole. I urge him on in the most graphic language, 'do it, fuck me, fuck me hard', as I am beyond aroused. I feel him push in and I emit a moan of pleasure. I reach up and grab his shoulders to pull him down on top of me, his arms sliding behind my knees to hold my legs up. He settles on top of me and I am overwhelmed with the intensity of him pressing on me. I feel him pressing his pelvis against my ass and his cock filling me. My own cock, rock hard, is trapped between our bellies. I moan under him, wrap my arms around his shoulders, and squeeze my legs against him. 

As I lay under him, I am rocking my hips to him, encouraging him to fuck me. We are cheek to cheek and I whisper to him, 'do it, fuck me, fuck me hard'. I am so aroused that I want a battering fuck, to be fucked not on the bed but through it. I feel him pull almost out and then push back into my rectum. He pauses for a moment and then repeats this exercise, pulling partially out and then pushing back in. As I lay there I consider again the dilemma of a woman at the mercy of a partner who can never seem to quite do the right thing. But in this case, I need have no fear as he pulls partially out and then drives himself back in and begins fucking me, slowly at first but then with increasing energy and force. I respond enthusiastically with cries of genuine pleasure which quickly reach the level of rapture. His cock is driving into me and with each thrust; I am driven down under him into the bed below me. As I rebound off of the mattress he is there to meet with a loud smack as his pelvis meets me and drives me back down again. I am overwhelmed with the sensation that he is driving his entire body into me. I cling to him, my arms and legs wrapped around him and my hips arched up to receive his thrusts. The room fills with the sounds of us fucking. The steady smack, smack, smack of our bodies meeting with each thrust, my cries of pleasure, genuine ecstatic pleasure that I want to go on and on, and his grunts of effort reflecting that most elemental of the male, on top, strong and powerful, riding his conquest, triumphantly fucking his manhood into the conquest pinned under him. 

We continue for what seems forever, his steady fucking into me, the sounds echoing off of the walls, the smell of his skin, his breathing in my ear. I am rocking and rolling my hips under him massaging my swollen cock against his belly. I am leaking like a sieve and so my cock is bathed in the most exquisitely pleasurable mix of my juice and the sweat from our skin. I am in no rush for him to finish, indeed the experience is so pleasurable that I am trying desperately to climax just like this. I am rolling and thrusting my hips in unison with his thrusting into my rectum but at the same time trying to fuck my cock between our bellies. I can feel the cum boiling inside me, ready to burst out. If I could touch my cock, I would instantly climax. But I cannot reach it and so the maddening caressing of my cock between our bellies goes on with my climax almost within reach, accompanied by my gasps, moans, and oaths of pleasure. He raises his head and looks down at me. He leans down to kiss me, voluptuously, all the while continuing his steady fucking rhythm. I feel him roll his belly against mine as we kiss and the sensation is enough to cause my cum to burst out of my cock. I emit a long wail of rapturous ecstasy as I climax between our bellies, pulling desperately on his shoulders to hold him pressed against me. My spasms go on and on, all the while his cock driving into my rectum in relentless thrusting. 

My breathing slowly returns to normal and I can feel the flood between our belles from my climax. I urge him now to finish. I whisper to him, 'hammer me with it'. He groans and begins to thrust harder. I whisper, 'that's it, harder, hammer me with your iron hard cock, fuck me harder'. Another loud groan from him and he slams into me, a huge smack filling the room as he lands against me. I whisper, 'yes, god yes do it, hurt me with it, harder'. The effect of these words is immediate. He rises up and looks down at me and begins lunging into me. I cry out 'yes, that's it, harder'. He withdraws part way and lunges with the full force of his body into me. There is an explosion of sound as he impacts against me and he drives me deep into the bed. I cry out more encouragement and he continues lunging into me for a minute or perhaps two. He is bellowing all the while and it is clear that he is in rapturous ecstasy, unrestrained to fuck as hard as he can, at his will. I am crying out that he not stop and then he gives a great shout and turns rigid. He emits the most heartfelt whimpers as he ejaculates his manhood into my rectum, his pelvis jerking as he is racked by the spasms of his climax. 

He holds himself up, looking down at me, his breathing ragged from the effort, my arms around his shoulders, my hands caressing his skin. I squeeze on his cock still imbedded in my rectum and receive a grateful expression of blissful pleasure on his face. Eventually he pulls out of me and collapses onto the bed next to me, giving off a great exhalation. After a bit, I ask him if he needs me to leave and he responds that he has some time and that there is no rush. The fuck has been spectacular for me and I believe for him. But we lay there together in some awkward silence. Eventually I ask him if he enjoyed being encouraged to fuck hard at the end. He responds that it was one of the most intense fucks he has ever had and he enjoyed it thoroughly. We chat at some length from that point. I ask him about his interest in men and how it is going physically with his wife. He answers that truthfully it is not going very well and that he has performance problems with his wife. She knows nothing about his sexual interest in men. He reflects that in truth, their sex life has never been very good, always seemed to be awkward and at odds with interests, timing, techniques, etc. But he does not want to lose his children so does not want to divorce. 

I comment that I found his foreplay skill to be fantastic, as well as his skill in the act. He thanks me and responds that he has very little of a sex life these days, doing hook-ups only when he cannot stand to do without any longer. So he spends a lot of time daydreaming about sex. For his part, both the foreplay and the act could have gone on forever as it will probably be a long time before he has another opportunity. I ask him if he has time to go again. I reach down and slide my hand over his cock and feel him swell in response to my touch. I take this to mean yes. I slide down and drape myself over his legs, his cock just in front of my face. I cup his balls in my hand and slide my lips over the head of his cock. I hear him murmur with pleasure. I slide my lips slowly up and down on his shaft. I tease and lick the head of his cock as I press and slide my lips slowly up and down on the shaft of his cock. There is only the sound of a clock ticking somewhere in the room to accompany our delicate play. I caress his balls with my fingertips, stroking the skin of his balls, gently scraping my fingernails on the skin. 

I hear him murmur in pleasure from above me and feel his hand touch my head in a gesture of encouragement. I continue to slowly suck on his cock and it is my intention to finish him just like this, slowly sucking until he climaxes in my mouth. He tastes delicious and he has returned to an exquisite hardness as I suckle. I caress and tease the head of his cock with my tongue. I lick the sweet spot under the head, all the while gently squeezing his balls. He is by now slowly arching and thrusting his hips up to my mouth and it is clear that we are both enjoying this immensely. But then I hear him from above ask me if I would let him fuck me again. It is almost a plead to let him fuck again. I take my mouth off of his cock and look up at him. I observe that he seems to be enjoying this and ask if he does not want this. He looks down and reassures me that he is enjoying this immensely but that it has been forever since he has held someone in his arms and wants to repeat the effort now that he has the opportunity, if I will let him. I slide my lips over the head of his cock and take him deeply in my mouth, squeezing on his cock. I withdraw and look at him again. I tease my fingertips on the sweet spot of his cock and feel him stiffen in response. I wrap my fingers around his cock shaft and gently squeeze and pump, all the while looking at him. 

I tell him that he can have what he wants but only if he does not worry about hurting me, that I want him to take me as he likes. In truth, he is not big enough to hurt me and while I would prefer to suck on his cock, I have no objection to another fuck and I am curious to see the unrestrained technique. He wastes not a minute climbing aboard, pinning my legs back and pressing the head of his cock to my rectum hole. He is rock hard as he slides into me and emits a gasp of pleasure as his pelvis presses against my ass. His hands are on the bed on either side of my shoulders, his arms fully extended, holding my legs up, my ass held arched up. He is looking down at me and pressing his pelvis against my ass. I don't know what he is thinking but guess that he is again thinking about not hurting me. I look at his face and tell him that I want him to hammer me. He emits what sounds almost like a howl and presses firmly against me, rocking his hips to press his cock inside of me. I feel him inside, rock hard, straining in my rectum.

He pulls partially out and begins fucking me in earnest. Not gentle like before, but with a fast pace and furious lunging thrusts. Each thrust is not just his cock penetrating my rectum, but his entire body driving into me. He grunts with each lunge and it is like an athlete grunting so as to summon the full energy of his body into the motion. There is a loud crashing sound each time we come together and my entire body shudders from the impact as I am driven down into the bed, only to recoil and then he slams in and against me again. I look up at him and his face is set in grim determination. His hips are working like machine pistons, driving into me with relentless energy and force. His mouth is open and he is panting and grunting with the effort. He is not looking at me but rather off in dreamland someplace, totally focused on the task at hand, fucking all of his male life-force into the body under him. 

Each time he lands on me, the impact is so forceful that he partially drives the air out of my lungs. His lunges then have the effect that I am panting a gasping reaction to each driving thrust. It is not at all erotically sexual for me but I am thoroughly enjoying this all the same. The spectacle is beyond words, all of the energy he is putting into this, his seemingly blind unwavering focus on fucking, almost primordial, fucking to plant his seed. I begin to encourage him, swept up in the spectacle and the raw display of male energy and power. With each lunge I gasp out encouragement, 'uh, uh, uh, yes, don't stop, harder'. 

He stops fucking for a moment and presses hard against me, rocking his hips. He emits a soulful oath of enjoyment as he rocks his hips. And then he resumes fucking, driving his cock into my rectum. He repeats this several times, pausing and pressing hard, accompanied by expressions of great pleasure, and then resumes his hard fucking. I have my hands on his arms, holding on while he rides me. He collapses down on my chest and drives his arms under me, his strong hands cupping my ass cheeks. His face is pressed against mine and I feel and hear his ragged breath. Holding my ass cheeks in his hands he begins short, intense driving thrusts into my rectum. His pace is fast and becomes increasingly frantic, his cock relentlessly driving into me. I hear him groaning loudly from both the pleasure and the intensity of his effort. I whisper to him, 'yes, don't stop, do it'. He responds with a loud growl and fucks even harder for a moment before going rigid on top of me. He drives his hips down on me with an incredibly powerful lunge and with his hands grasping my ass cheeks tightly, holds me pressed up against him with his cock buried in me. He gasps out a shout as he ejaculates into my rectum, all the while holding me pressed as hard against him as he can manage. 

I hold him there with my arms wrapped around his shoulders. He grips my ass cheeks in his hands pressing me strongly up against him. His shudders on top of me go on and on. He emits a long string of gasps as he completes his climax, his breath ragged from the intense effort. And then I am stunned by what I perceive as a sob from him. This goes on for some minutes as I realize that he is having an intense emotional reaction. I say nothing but continue to hold him in my arms and allow him his death grip on my ass cheeks so that we remain locked together. Eventually he pulls off and lies down on the bed next to me. I ask if he is okay and he responds with 'thank you, that was wonderful', and then adds that I had better go. 
