 My wife and I are to attend the opera in Cle** and as this is a bit of a drive, we decide to make a weekend of it. My wife has a girlfriend living there and informs me that she and the girlfriend will spend the day Saturday shopping and hanging out. That leaves me a free day and I have researched to find some places where I might find some sport.

I arrive at the video shop and find the typical front room of magazines, videos and various sex related paraphernalia. The doorway into the video area reveals the typical warren of narrow hallways. But an unusual feature of this facility is that several of the rooms are large, roughly fifteen feet by ten. The rooms are designed to accommodate several people and the viewing area has a long half height glass window behind which the scene is displayed. I have a look through the rooms and find that one of the large rooms is playing straight porn and gay in the other. I spend a bit of time in the straight room and customers, all men, come and go. I am an ardent devotee of porn and enjoy a wide variety of material. But large artificial breasts and garish clothes are not in my list of entertaining things to watch, and so depart for more entertaining fare.

I go over to the gay room and find it occupied by several men. I note that there is a basket of condoms attached to the wall at the entrance so there seems to be little ambiguity about what happens in this room. The scene that is playing is hot with a guy spread eagled on top of another, mounted on his cock. The fellow on top is rock hard and he is being machine like pistoned from below, his own cock standing tall, quivering from the assault. The scene has the rapt attention of the viewers, including myself. It is not possible to enjoy gay porn and not find the scene arousing and I note that several of the men are rubbing their cocks through their jeans. The inevitable in such a situation is that men are a mix of shy, so the groping is subtle, a hand in a pocket, and blatant, intended to both enjoy and show off. And of course inevitably, the bolder attempt to grope their neighbors.

Eventually I see that two of my neighbors are pressed close together with a zipper pulled down and a hand inserted. I fend off a couple of groping hands as I did not come here for that, at least not yet. It is clear from the movement that the two are having a wonderful time. Soon, the hand inside the zipper evolves to the cock sticking out of the zipper and the groping hand ardently caressing the shaft. The fellow with his cock out is held close to his lover by an arm around the waist. I look around the room and note that all of us are watching the pair. I find myself greatly admiring the technique being applied to the cock. His fingers lightly brush and caress the skin. He uses the backs of his fingers to great effect stroking up and down the length of the shaft, both on top and underneath. The lovely hard shaft bobs and jerks to the attention. There are few sights lovelier than a hard cock and the organ on display for all of us to see is breathtaking. The masturbator is fully aware of the effect on the rest of us, occasionally allowing the organ to bob and weave untouched, I have no doubt to both allow the owner to cool for a moment but also to show off the lovely cock. He then slides his fingers around the shaft, a gentle squeeze and pump, and then back to his mesmerizing finger work on the organ. 

So taken was I watching the lovely handwork that I had not noticed the evolution of activity on the other side of the masturbation scene. I now look over and see that there is a fellow on his knees surrounded by three men. The positions are such that I cannot see what is going on but of course it requires little in the way of imagination. I move around the masturbating lovers and join the quartet at the end of the room. Three men are standing around a kneeling man who has the cock of the center fellow in his mouth and is bobbing his head enthusiastically. One of the gazers has his cock out and is holding it in his hand and the other is fingering his member through his jeans. When I look to my right I watch the masturbating couple and when I look to my left, a lovely blowjob is in progress with two fellows who appear to be waiting their turn. It looks like cock heaven to me.

As the fellow with his cock out is closest to me, I kneel and give a slight push on his hip to get his attention, and persuade him to turn toward me. He does so and when he sees me, he removes his hand from his cock and I take the full organ in my mouth. I feel him give a small shudder from the pleasure of his hard cock entering my mouth. I hold him there for a bit, savoring the feel of his engorged cock in my mouth, the taste of his skin, the flavor of his essence. I reach up and tug on his belt to indicate that I want him to drop his pants. He does so immediately and I am greeted by his bare belly and his full balls hanging down between his legs. While holding his member in my mouth I caress over his belly, his bare ass cheeks, and his thighs. I look over at my neighbor who I find is looking at me, the two of us, kneeling in front of hard cocks, supplicating together, both of our cock owners nude from the waist, rock hard organs jutting out. 

I slide my lips slowly up and down the length of his cock. He has a lovely organ, an average length and lovely round girth, a bit larger than average. The shaft is elegantly smooth with not a detectable ripple. He tastes faintly of a sweet bath soap. I reach up and cup his balls in my hand, rolling them in my fingers while I hold him steady with my other hand on his hip. All the while I am slowly drawing my lips up and down the length of the shaft. His cock is mesmerizing, long and beautifully hard in my mouth. I love the feel of him in my mouth. I lick the underside of the shaft and receive a gratifying throb and stiffening of his organ. I let him go and move my head back just a bit. The cock is sticking straight out, glistening from my mouth, bobbing from the excitement of bathing in my mouth. I look over to my neighbor and see that he is deep throating his cock, his face pressed into the belly of the owner. I immediately do the same, forcing the head of the cock into my throat. I grasp his ass cheeks in my hands and pull, suggesting that he fuck my mouth. He takes my head in his hands and thrusts his hips. I feel the cock head sliding in and out of my throat, his bare belly pressing against my face.

I withdraw again and take a deep breath. The cock is bobbing and throbbing in the air in front of me and I can only assume that he found the pressure so intense that he might well have climaxed had I continued a moment or two longer. But that is not yet my game. I look over at my neighbor and see that he has also withdrawn. So the two cocks, both rigidly hard, are bobbing and weaving in the air. My neighbor and I look at each other and he gestures at my cock owner. I immediately get the message and he and I quickly switch places. I take the cock in front of me in my mouth and squeeze it firmly in my mouth. I moan at the outrageousness of this sharing of the two cocks between us, group cock sucking in a public space. There are now several men standing around watching the two of us. I suck greedily on my new cock, lips pressing hard, my mouth bobbing up and down on the shaft. I reach up and cup his balls in my hand, squeezing his balls in my fingers, milking the cum. 

As I am mouthing his cock, I feel a hand on my arm pulling on me and my hand is quickly placed on a hard cock. I squeeze the offered cock in my hand and find it rigid, the owner no doubt brought to this state by the visual display of cock sucking put on by my colleague and myself. I pull on the cock in my hand to urge the owner closer. I pump on the cock with my hand, all the while bobbing my mouth on the lovely hard cock in front of me. The cock is beautifully ribbed and I can feel each ripple in the shaft as my lips slide up and down over the organ. I lick the underside of the shaft and feel him deliciously stiffen in my mouth. I hold the cock in my mouth squeezing and caressing the head with my tongue. I feel a hand on my head and I look up to find the cock owner in my mouth urging my mouth over to the cock in my hand. I withdraw and move my mouth over to the other cock, engulfing him in my mouth in one smooth swallow. I bob my head vigorously on the cock while now pumping my hand on the just abandoned organ, the shaft deliciously slick from my mouth. I alternate between the two cocks, sucking vigorously on one until I feel him stiffen, and then immediately switching to the other cock, repeating my efforts until he stiffens. I have no doubt that the two cock owners are watching the display, gloriously hard cock being sucked right in front of them, first their own and then the cock of their neighbor. 

I can say for my part that I could have continued this effort all day with the two cocks, using all of my variety of cock sucking techniques alternately on the two organs. But what cock owner could withstand this stimulation for any length of time, such is the overwhelming arousal afforded by watching a cock being sucked and having one's own cock pumped and sucked. Too soon, my cock owner makes clear that the end for him has arrived. I feel his hands on my head and he begins thrusting his cock into my mouth. I hold the other cock in my hand, squeezing and pumping as my mouth is fucked by the lovely hard shaft. I feel him shaking and I know that the end is imminent. My lips press on the lovely hard shaft as the organ slides in and out of my mouth. I note that the cock owner is doing all that he can to delay his climax and prolong the pleasure. He thrusts vigorously for a moment and then stops to soak, his legs shaking with the pent-up desire to climax. He then resumes thrusting, his cock sliding on my lips just past the head of his organ. He repeats this four or five times, the duration of soaking growing shorter and the shaking of his body more intense. Finally I feel his hands shake and his cock stiffens to rigidly hard. Time freezes for a few seconds with the cock in my mouth and then he bursts a flood of semen. I moan loudly as the cock fills my mouth with his semen, the ejaculation seeming to go on and on. 

I kneel there reposing on the cock as it throbs out the remains of his climax and pleasure. Meanwhile the owner of the cock in my hand is thrusting vigorously, no doubt stimulated by the specter of the climax he has just witnessed. I feel his hand on my head urging that I abandon the empty cock and return to his. His urgency seems all too real from the vigor of his hip thrusting and I am persuaded to do as he wishes. I withdraw with my mouth filled to overflowing with semen and saliva and immediately engulf the head of the cock in my hand. I hear a loud oath from above and the cock goes rock hard in my mouth. I begin vigorously licking the bottom of the shaft. I can feel him shaking and I reach up between his legs and cup his balls in my hand. I lift his balls with one hand and with the other I pump vigorously on his cock shaft. I lick furiously on the bottom of his cock. This lasts but a moment and I feel a huge burst of his semen in my mouth. I continue pumping on the shaft for another moment as he completes his ejaculation in my mouth. I then withdraw my hand from the shaft and allow him to repose, my tongue cradling his organ. The poor man is huffing and puffing to an extent that for several minutes I fear he may expire with his slowly deflating cock in my mouth. But eventually he calms down and then backs away to collapse against the opposite wall. 

I lean back against my wall and get my bearings back in order. I swallow my more than mouthful of semen. I look to my left and my cock sucking colleague is still there on his knees, now with an enormous black cock in his mouth. I watch for a few minutes and gaze up at the owner, a very large black man. I slide over to my colleague and plop my chin on his shoulder. He immediately gets the idea, takes the cock out of his mouth, and steers it to mine. The owner also gets the idea and begins fucking his cock into my mouth. The cock is very large and stretches my jaws. My colleague and I exchange that massive organ back and forth four or five times before I leave my colleague to his treasure. 

I stand and prepare to leave when I am approached by a couple that I had not noticed. Apparently they had noticed me as the girl pulls my head down, puts her mouth close to my ear and asks 'did you swallow his stuff?' I assume she refers to the recent ejaculation in my mouth. I look down at her and nod yes. She then stuns me by asking 'will you show me how to suck his cock?' She points at her companion. I should say at this point that the couple are a boy and a girl, that characterization referring to their age which I guess must stretch the legal barrier to entry to the video store. The girl is adorned with body piercings that leave me pondering the ones that I cannot see. I look over at the boy and observe that he has visited the same body decoration artist, topped with an avant-garde hairstyle. I look at her and nod yes, rather curious as to what will happen next. My curiosity is quickly satisfied as she reaches over to her companion and unfastens him. His specimen is displayed in all its glory although his organ is a bit short on the glorious. In any case he is certainly aroused and the girl and I both descend. I take his cock in my mouth and slide my lips up and down the shaft. While it might be on the small side, a hard cock is still delightful and I enjoy the hardness of his organ.

I place my lips at the base of the shaft and suck the length of the organ, withdrawing off of the end. After repeating this several times, I point the organ at her mouth, inviting her to take a turn. She tries but the boy almost immediately jumps back. I take his cock back in my mouth and suck pleasurably for several minutes. I withdraw and tell her not to touch with her teeth. She nods and has another try. She bobs her head vigorously for a moment while I coach her to slow down. I see her nod her head and she slows down. Eventually the boy jumps away again and I take his cock back in my mouth. I again suck on his organ with pleasure for a moment, the hardness of the shaft enervating. I take the cock out of my mouth and lick the underside, teasing the sweet spot under the head. I point the cock at the girl and tell her to do that with the cock in her mouth. Again the effort lasts for just a moment before he abruptly withdraws.

I take him again and pleasurably slide my lips up and down on the shaft. Then I take him completely in my mouth with the head of his cock just sliding into my throat. I hold him there until I sense him beginning to stiffen and then I withdraw. His lovely organ bobs in the air between the two of us. I point his cock at her mouth and she engulfs his organ again. She immediately slams he face against his belly only to suffer a gag reflex and immediately withdraw. As she retches, I tell her to take her time. I take the boy's organ in my mouth again and luxuriously slide my lips up and down on the shaft, teasing the underside of his cock with my tongue. My intention is to keep him hard and on the boil until she recovers and then let her have him. But to my surprise and without warning, he suddenly stiffens and immediately ejaculates in my mouth. 

There is nothing for it but to cradle his spurting cock with my tongue and let him finish in my mouth. The girl is kneeling next to me watching and waiting for her turn. Apparently it suddenly occurs to her that something has happened and she asks me if he came. I nod yes, while holding the reposing cock in my mouth. She jerks to her feet and screams at the hapless boyfriend. He jumps back, withdrawing his still full cock from my mouth. The girl takes a roundhouse swing and slugs him on the side of his face and then stomps out of the room. I rise and swallow the boy's semen. I look at him as he fumbles with his now much diminished cock, and I leave the video shop. It is past lunch and I am hungry.

An hour later I am post lunch, enjoying a pumpkin spice coffee, gazing out at the street as people of all sorts stroll by. I reflect on the events of the morning and consider yet again how sublimely majestic it is to suck a cock to climax. The mesmerizing erect organ; the throbbing shaft that beckons and demands one's mouth, the way the cock stiffens sharply just before the glorious ejaculation, and finally the flood of semen in one's mouth. And then I consider taking the seed, the very life essence of another, drinking it, swallowing it. I get hard sitting there just thinking about it. I resolve to go back to the video shop.

I walk in and go directly to the gay booth. As I walk in I am stunned to see my cock sucking colleague still there, only now he is leaning forward with his hands on the glass window and he is being briskly fucked in the ass. He nods to me in recognition. Apparently he has decided to make a day of it. There are several men in the booth and we all watch as the fucking goes on. I make my way past the couple to the end of the room. There are two men there, one touching himself through his jeans and the other with his cock out, stroking himself. As I walk over he removes his hand from his cock and I wrap my fingers around the shaft. I caress and tease the organ with my fingers, the shaft quickly becoming rock hard. I smear a drop of his dew over the head of his cock and the organ does an impressive throb at this new and pleasurable sensation. I tug on his belt to suggest that he drop his pants with which he immediately complies. 

I descend to my knees in front of him and gaze at the spectacle. His cock is rock hard, throbbing in anticipation. His balls are hanging down loosely between his legs. I caress my hand over his belly, lifting his shirt so that I can marvel at the splendor of the cock jutting out from the smooth bare skin. It is enough to take one's breath away. I lean forward and slide my lips over the head of his cock, taking him into my mouth. I just hold his cock in my mouth for a moment, the organ throbbing in its new home. The room goes silent as my entire world becomes the cock filling mouth. I slide my lips slowly up and down the shaft. I caress the underside of the cock with my tongue, flicking the tip of my tongue on the sweet spot. I feel him stiffen in pleasure. I take my mouth off for a moment and gaze at the throbbing organ, bobbing, the head brushing my lips. I take the cock in my mouth, my tongue cradling the shaft. I squeeze the organ in my mouth, sucking on it. I sigh in blissful pleasure as I slide my lips up and down the full hard shaft. 

The owner has a magnificent specimen. The cock is a bit longer than average with a lovely full girth. The shape is a bit unusual, small at the head and then growing progressively larger to the base. I slide my lips slowly up and down the shaft, luxuriating in the feel of the shaft in my mouth. I reach between his legs and cup his balls in my hand, lifting them in the palm of my hand. I squeeze and roll them in my hand. I slide my lips down the shaft until I feel the head press into my throat. The unusual shape of his cock means that my mouth is stretched as I take the head in my throat. I feel him stiffen as the head of his cock penetrates my throat. I revel in having all of his cock in my mouth, kneeling there in front of him, cock sucking, I moan. He begins thrusting, his cock shaft sliding between my lips. I press my lips on the shaft. I feel his hand on my head and his thrusting quickens. I squeeze his balls, anticipating that he is going to come to a climax very soon. His thrusts accelerate to short rapid lunges and I feel him begin to shake. The ecstasy is upon both of us for this is the moment the cock sucker relishes, the feel of the cock in one's mouth in the final moments before climax. I feel the subtle pulsing of the organ in my mouth, the taste distinctly different as he leaks just a bit of his climax; the organ swells a bit and becomes rigid. The cock owner shakes as the wave of pleasure overtakes him. I wish I could slow time to a stop to enjoy these moments forever. 
