 Chapter 16. 

In which our hero renews binding old friendships. 

I look at my cell to see that I have a voice mail, and after listening to the message, I discover it is from Mike of Mike and Alice, chapter 12. It has been almost two months since the memorable party and show with Ted. I have not seen or talked to any of the participants of the party save for Officer B who I have seen a couple of times in the park. Officer B has tried to recruit me for another party but I have declined. I call Mike and he greets me fondly, telling me that Alice has not stopped talking about the party. Mike goes on to tell me that he is having a social event at his home and wants to know if I would be interested in attending. He adds that he hopes Ted would also attend and that Alice was very impressed with the show Ted and I performed. I tell him that I would need to review my schedule and talk to Ted. We discuss the financial issues and come to terms with roughly the fee Ted and I left the party with. I make clear that it is all up-front and we leave it that I will get back to him as soon as possible.

I have Ted's number; we exchanged before going into the party in case we needed to text or contact each other during the event. I call and leave a voice mail. And call again the next day and the next. I finally reach him and he is at first wary of why I am contacting him. Eventually he calms down as I describe the proposition from Mike, the dates and finances. I learn that his affection for Officer B has waned as that good man has attempted to recruit Ted for diminished wages. Ted suspects that the issue is B trying to get a larger percentage and Ted is reluctant to continue his association. Ted confides that he was fond of the occasional low-risk easy money. I reassure Ted that the money for the job I am proposing is all up-front and that we will spilt the fees. Ted agrees in principal, pending some additional detail about the job and the dates.

I call Mike back and confirm that Ted and I are available but that we want some understanding up-front about the job and the expectations. Mike is delighted and tells me that there will be two or three couples at most including he and Alice. There will only be Ted and I and he wants a show similar to what Ted and I did at the party. He suggests that there would be requests for private sessions with both of us and reassures me that Alice is very much looking forward to a renewal of our friendship. I confirm and I call Ted to confirm and fill in the details. It remains only for party day to arrive.

It turns out that I do not even need an excuse for party day as my wife has a trip planned to New York with girlfriends. I see her off Saturday morning and wish her a wonderful time with her chums. I manage to make it to the start time for my Saturday morning training ride and have a wonderful time myself. Some food, a nap, and some grooming places me on my motorcycle in the early evening on the way to the party. Ted and I have agreed to meet nearby and arrive together. We roll into the driveway at the appointed hour and Mike greets us fondly, welcoming us into his home. We are escorted into a home office and Mike is all business on the financial side where we are all quickly satisfied. Mike advises that there are three couples including he and Alice. While he is not certain how this will play out after the show, he expects that two of the couples will want a session, one with each of us and that the third may leave or may just want to watch. He asks if we would have any objection to their watching. Ted and I reassure him that we would have no objection. 

We meet and mingle for some time, all of the guests getting relaxed with various drinks. Ted and I confine ourselves to club soda as it promises to be a long night of work for us. Ted helpfully gives me a performance booster and takes one himself. Better to be safe than embarrassed for a refund as Ted advises. Ted and I spend a few minutes reviewing the show from last time and talking through the event upcoming. He also asks me about the session I did with Mike and Alice. I learn that his sessions were rather pedestrian so he is impressed with mine. We speculate as to the events of the evening. And then it is show time.

We have decided to dispense with the undressing and kissing since this is an all couples audience. Instead we will have a game of cock display and play. The game will involve Ted putting wrist and collar restraints with chains on me so that I cannot touch myself. We undress in a side bathroom and I help Ted to a state of erection. I need no such help as like the last time, I get hard every time I think about doing the show in front of spectators. We enter the show room together, both of us nude and erect, Ted carrying his bag of toys. There are three couches surrounding the low platform bed, each occupied by a couple. Mike and Alice are on the couch at the foot of the bed. There are lights on in the room, dimmed to a soft glow. A pleasant background music is playing. Ted and I enter the bed together. As I feel the audience stare at my nude body and erection on display, I experience the most intense erotic throb. We lie side by side leaning toward each other and we both begin touching and fondling the other, all in full display for the audience. This is for show as there is no interest in reaching a climax at this point in the evening. So we tease cocks with fingertips, we caress balls, we take a handful of a ball sack and pull and jerk on it to make the erect cock bounce and wave in the air. I find that Ted is particularly fond of this exercise and my hard cock spends a good deal of time being bounced and waved around.

Eventually Ted is upright on his knees with his hips arched out and his marvelous erection on glorious display. I am lying on the bed in front of him and the supposed intent is that I am to caress and play with his cock and balls in full display for the audience. I do touch and fondle him but with one hand, my other hand I very visibly use to caress and pump my own erect cock. Ted makes a great show of removing my hand from my cock and returning it to the attention of his cock. We repeat this over and over, while I make a show of pumping furiously on my cock between his interventions, emphasizing the pleasure in this by arching and thrusting my hips. He feigns displeasure and reaches for his bag of toys, extracting wrist and collar restraints and two lengths of stainless steel chain. He has me kneel upright on the bed facing the audience and he kneels behind me, reaching around to affix the restraints. When he attaches the chains, he extends my arms one at a time, pretending to check but in reality showing off to the audience that I have a good deal of length in the chains but just short of being able to reach my cock. All of this while I am fully erect and on display and my cock is bobbing and weaving in the air. 

The restraining toys in place, Ted makes a great show of teasing my cock. He wraps his fingers around the base of my cock and pumps vigorously on it. He lets go of the shaft and then bends the cock shaft down or up and let's go so that I bob up and down. He takes my balls in his hand and vigorously pulls them back and forth, making my erection flop wildly up and down. I am kneeling on the bed and the audience is staring at my slim smooth body and the full erection on display. It is actually a comfort that I cannot touch myself as this display in front of the audience is maddeningly arousing and I am clenching and throbbing uncontrollably. 

We return to the pre-restraint exercise of my playing with Ted. He lies down on the bed and positions me on my knees between his legs, caressing and stroking his cock with my fingers, rubbing my face on his cock, and caressing and squeezing his balls. I make a show of attempting to reach down to my cock to play with it but frustrated that the chain will not allow me to reach that goal. I arch my hips up and tug on the chain but to no avail, my hand cannot reach my cock. I pump my hips aggressively in frustration with my erect cock putting on a show of bouncing off of my belly and bobbing around in the air. Ted embarks on part two of the show by taking my head in his hands and attempting to slide his cock into my mouth. We put in a long parrying show of him rubbing his cock on my face, thrusting his cock at my mouth and missing the mark, and of him then wildly thrusting his hips with his cock bobbing around and bouncing off of his belly. Eventually Ted manages to hold my head still, get his cock positioned at my lips and he shoves his rock hard cock into my mouth, both of us emitting a great moan. 

We are finally joined; mouth and cock, and we enjoy our dance together. To be sure this is a show but we, Ted and I, are both cock sucking devotees and what better way to enjoy sucking cock than to do so in full display in front of an admiring audience. Ted holds my head in his hands and enthusiastically fucks my mouth with his cock. I apply little pressure on the shaft and so he is free to pump his cock into my mouth with as much vigor and force as he likes. Ted thrusts enthusiastically for some minutes and then abruptly pulls his cock out of my mouth. He thrusts his hips so his cock, wet from my mouth, bounces on his belly. Meanwhile I enjoy a brief respite from the mouth fucking and I wipe my eyes and mouth and gasp for breath. Ted then thrusts his cock back in my mouth and fucks furiously, again holding my head tightly as he thrusts. After a few minutes he again withdraws, turns, and shows off his wet glistening hard cock to the audience. Ted grabs my head and rubs my face on his cock. He thrusts his cock back into my mouth and fucks enthusiastically. Ted rolls us over so I am on my back and he is kneeling on either side of my head. He vigorously fucks his cock down into my mouth, his balls bouncing on my chin as he thrusts, the cock head driving into my throat. He withdraws his cock and leaves it wet and gleaming just above my mouth, again showing off his erection to the audience. Then he plunges back into my mouth and repeats his vigorous mouth fucking. Ted repeats this several times, thrusting into my mouth and then pulling the wet gleaming organ out for display. As he is mouth fucking me, I use my hands to try to limit his cock penetration into my mouth, but this is all show and he drives his cock in deeply. Each time he does so, I make a show of gasping for breath by thrusting my hips so that my erect cock bounces on my belly and flops around. 

Ted whirls around so that we are in a 69 position. He drives his cock back into my mouth and takes my cock in his. We both fuck as vigorously as we can, both of us grasping the ass cheeks of the other and wildly hip thrusting. We roll together, alternating on our sides and top and bottom as well as twisting around so that the audience gets a full display. The game is really quite a spectacle as the one on top gets to drive his cock down and deep throat while at the same time withdrawing from the cock below him and letting the one on bottom thrust his hips wildly with the erect cock bouncing and thrusting impotently in the air. Eventually I find myself on top near the end of the bed. I have Ted's cock in my mouth, soaking, while I look out at Mike and Alice, just a few feet in front of me. Alice has her eyes glued on me and I see that she is caressing Mike's exposed cock. 

I slide my mouth down on Ted's cock, taking the head in my throat and again soak on him. I feel him throbbing in my throat. I press my lips on his shaft and slowly draw off of him, my lips caressing the entire length of his magnificent cock. I hold his cock upright with my fingers as it throbs in the air, glistening from my mouth. I look around at the audience, all in rapt attention; as I lick the rock hard shaft. I take the head in my mouth and suck on it for a moment and then withdraw. I repeat this several times, sucking on the head of his cock and then letting it bob in the air, displaying the wonderful full organ for the audience. I look at Alice and slide my lips over the head of his cock, feather caressing the shaft with my lips. I feel Ted stiffen under me and arch his hips. I slowly descend the entire length, again sliding the head into my throat. I soak on his cock for a long moment, the shaft buried in my throat, all the while staring at Alice. I slide up and down on his cock, fucking the head into my throat. Ted arches his hips as I feel him throbbing in my throat. I slide my lips slowly up and down on the shaft of his cock. And I luxuriate in the eroticism of this, sucking a lovely cock in front of these people, all of them transfixed by the spectacle. 

Ted urges me off of him and we move the show to part three. I am kneeling, facing the audience and Ted kneels behind me. My cock is rock hard, jutting out in front of me. Ted has his hands on my hips and draws me back to him, my asshole pressing on the head of his cock. I feel him slide into my rectum, my own cock giving a decidedly pleasurable throb. I lean back against Ted and he wraps his arms around me, pressing his cock fully into my rectum. My cock is throbbing, almost painfully as he strains his shaft fully into me. I try to reach down and touch myself but the chains prevent reaching my cock. And So I present the vision to the audience of my cock jutting out from my bare belly, swollen and throbbing, my balls hanging down, Ted slowly fucking his own swollen cock into my rectum. I groan in genuine pleasure, both from the act of being fucked but even more so from the display we are putting on. I am so aroused that each time Ted presses fully into me, it feels like his cock is sliding into mine, swelling my cock to bursting. 

Ted thrusts slowly into me, pausing when he has fully penetrated and pressing hard against me. The effect is to lift my hips and my erect cock higher in the air. He holds my hips up high and fucks rapidly for a minute or two, caressing his cock in the walls of my rectum. He then pauses again, pressing hard into me. We repeat this over and over; a minute or two of rapid fucking followed by a long pause with my cock feeling like it will burst. Ted reaches around and brushes his fingers the length of my cock. I moan in ecstasy and try to thrust my cock against his teasing fingers. And then he returns to the rapid fucking of his cock into my rectum. I beg him to let me cum. He responds by pausing with his cock filling my rectum, his hands lifting my hips to display my throbbing cock. I am arching my hips out to the audience in clearly desperate need to cum. I occasionally try to reach down for my cock, straining as hard as I can against the chains. I audibly moan in a plea for help in my heartfelt misery of pleasure.

Ted lies back on his back, pulling me back with him. I am now spread-eagle on top of him with my legs spread wide and my elbows supporting me on either side of him. He puts his hands on my ass cheeks and lifts my hips up off of his belly. My cock is sticking straight up in the air. Ted then begins hard rapid fucking of his cock into my rectum. With each thrust, my cock bounces off of my belly. The room is filled with the sounds of fucking, the sharp smack, smack, smack of his belly slapping against my ass cheeks as he fucks his cock into me, and the splat, splat, splat of my hard cock bouncing off of my belly as he pistons his shaft into my rectum. I am gasping and moaning in genuine pleasure and I have the most intense fantasy of squirting my juice out of my cock in the full display of the audience. If only I could, if only I could reach down to touch my cock. I strain my hips up to the imaginary angel of blessed relief to take this terrible load of pent up cum out of my balls, give me some mercy, let me explode my semen out of my balls. But there is no mercy, only the merciless pounding of Ted's great cock into my rectum. I am moaning and gasping as he holds me up just above him and slams his great shaft into my asshole. 

We continue on for what seems forever. My hips held up, my cock so hard that it no longer bounces as he thrusts into me. I can feel it quiver in ecstasy. Ted pushes my hips up off of his cock and he lies there under me, his own great organ on full display for the audience, standing tall, glistening. He has his hands under my hips, holding me up, my cock pointing straight up at the ceiling, my balls hanging down, all on full display. I am clenching my cock uncontrollably, my balls feel as though they weigh a ton, such is the amount of my pent up semen. 

Ted lowers my hips so that the head of his cock just enters my rectum. He holds me there for a moment, both of our rigid cocks on display, our balls hanging down. And then he drops me so that I descend onto his shaft and my ass crashes down on his belly. I emit a great groan and my cock quivers as I feel his shaft drive into my rectum. With his cock embedded balls deep in my rectum, I rock my hips back and forth, my cock bobbing in the air. I make a show of trying to grip my cock in my hand, restrained frustratingly by the chains. I emit the most heartfelt, 'oh, oh, oh'. Ted lifts my hips again and holds me up, suspended above him, only the head of his cock inside me. I know what is coming but even so, when he drops me and his cock drives into my rectum, I ejaculate the most pitiable groan, again rocking my hips, squirming on his great organ imbedded in my rectum, my own cock jutting out from my belly, bobbing and weaving in my frustrated need to spray out my juice. Ted repeats this exercise again and again, each time holding me up in the air with just the head of his cock in my rectum. And then he drops me so that I slam down on his belly, his great organ driving back into my asshole, and my own cock quivering in the most exquisite rapturous pleasure.

Ted puts one of his hands just below my neck and lifts my head so that I am looking out at the audience. Alice is directly in front of me staring. I look down and see my erection straining up to the ceiling. I look at Alice as my cock clenches. 'Please' I murmur, rocking my hips, my quivering cock weaving back and forth. 'Please, please, please' I murmur again to her and the meaning all too clear in the desperate fullness of my organ on display for all to see. Ted lifts my hips again and fucks me mercilessly, his cock slamming up into my rectum. I emit the most pitiable of groans, 'oh, oh, oh, oh'. And then I feel the surge of my semen like a tidal wave approaching. I cry out that I am going to cum, arching my hips, and straining my swollen cock up. I can visualize the cum erupting from my cock. 'Don't stop' I cry out, 'please don't stop'. I can see my cock erupting as in an out of body experience. I think just a few more thrusts and I will cum, just a few more. I concentrate; focus on the organ under me driving into me, filling me. I visualize his cock fucking me so hard that it drives the semen out of my cock. I am certain that I am going to cum in just an instant. I stare at Alice, my mouth open, gasping in ecstasy. I see Alice, staring at my raging full cock. I see her just start to rise. I arch my cock toward her. 

And then Ted emits a long wailing cry and slams up into me one final time and holds my hips in a death grip. I cry out not to stop,' please don't stop' I beg. I try desperately to rock my hips in frustrated urgency, my cock bobbing, bobbing up and down, and straining to ejaculate. But he does not move and he grips my hips so hard that I cannot move either. He just lays there under me, straining his hips up, his pole like organ filling me, filling my own organ from the inside out, my climax once so close now becoming a fading vision. I reach for it; try to grasp it back, to concentrate on that vision of semen ejaculating up into the air from the end of my cock. But the climax once so near dissolves away and it is over. I cry out in frustrated agony as Ted rolls us over on our sides. 
