 Ted and I lie on the bed for a few minutes in the dark. I had thought about the show often in the days leading up to tonight. The prospect of having sex, performing sexually in front of spectators was wilding arousing. That is why I am here, the money providing the lure for what is to follow. But I would have done this show for nothing, would have paid myself to do this show. And yet the actual event, the performance just concluded was far more intense and arousing than my wildest dreams or imagination. I lie here with Ted behind me in the dark and I am still aroused, reliving the past hour. But Ted is not aroused and we both need a shower so we disentangle and get up. We each shower and dress, saying not a word. I would actually like to talk about this but there is hardly time and in any event the conversation would be awkward. 

We complete our ablutions, dress, and leave the bedroom. We find Mike waiting to greet us offering many congratulations and much praise on 'a thrilling performance'. Mike suggests that we might have a rest and some refreshments with the guests and that we can discuss the rest of the evening. We follow Mike and both Ted and I have a bit of food and more club soda. I don't know how Ted feels but I find it unnerving to engage in social chit chat with people who have spent the last hour staring at my erection and my orifices being filled. I ponder if someone I am talking to is thinking about the words coming out of my mouth or visions of Mike's cock between my lips. I suppose eager anticipation is the more likely reaction for people this age and faced with the prospect of having sex with a beautiful young body. In any case, all of the guests appear to be married couples, all old enough to be my parent. I am assuming that they are all of an enlightened disposition in things sexual and presumably many other things as well. 

We have some pleasant chats about current events. My physique is a repeated topic of inquiry and the explanation of racing bicycles provokes admiring reactions about stamina. I should think so. I am introduced to Abby and Tom with whom I spend a few pleasant moments talking. The couple have all the appearance of a marriage surviving to age 50ish. On inquiry I learn that they have children in college and that Abby is a tennis club aficionado. Tom is in business which includes golf with clients. I answer their questions about bicycle racing with some self-deprecating humor about being the water bottle carrier. They both respond with some admiring remarks about my physical appearance. I am not clear if the follow on efforts have already been decided or if this social mingling is the interview process in anticipation of those decisions. In any case, we all seem to get along and the guests all quite anxious to be friendly. 

Eventually Mike gathers Ted and I and we are informed of our assigned rooms. Mike is certainly suave in his presentation, but I am to return to the room we were just in and Ted to a room far removed, 'to provide privacy'. Mike reassures me that my room has been 'freshened'. We are to wait for fifteen minutes so that the guests can retire to their rooms of choice. Mike tells me that some guests may move from room to room and wants some reassurance that we are okay with this. We reassure him. 

A short time later I am outside of my room where I decide to undress so that I can enter in the nude. I begin to swell as I undress just thinking about the prospects of performing with people watching. As I walk into the room, I am at full mast. The room is occupied by Alice on the bed and Abby and Tom sitting together on a couch next to the bed. All three are attired in dressing robes, and as far as I can determine, Alice wearing nothing else. Alice reaches up to exchange a brief kiss of greeting and takes that opportunity to wrap her fingers around my cock and give it a gentle squeeze. There seems little doubt about her plans. Alice disengages and gives me a small nudge in the direction of Abby and Tom. 

I stand in front of them, my cock jutting out from my smooth belly, both looking intently from head to foot. Tom reaches out a hand to my hip and draws me closer. My cock is erect at eye level to both of them. Tom slides the backside of his fingers the length of the underside of my cock. I throb at the touch and I see a reaction of arousal on the face of both of them. Tom slides his hand between my legs and cups my balls. He holds my balls in his hands for several minutes, my cock jutting out and displaying the occasional throb. Both of them shift their gaze back and forth from my face to my cock. Eventually Tom lifts my balls and uses this leverage to direct my cock to his mouth. He engulfs me and holds my cock soaking in his mouth, Abby shifting her gaze from this spectacle to my face. Abby reaches out to put her hand on my other hip and with this touch Tom withdraws from my cock and directs the shaft to Abby who then takes my cock in her mouth. She does not move, just soaks for a couple of minutes. I feel her tongue cradling the bottom of my shaft. I give her cheek a caressing brush of approval. I am throbbing and clenching with pleasure as Abby gently squeezes my cock in her mouth while Tom gently lifts and squeezes my balls in his hand. I have to say that this is highly arousing, particularly as I know that Alice is taking all of this in. The two each take several turns, moving my cock back and forth between them. And then I hear the booming voice of Alice from behind, 'hey you two, how about sharing, you can't hog him to yourselves all night'.

I turn and there is Alice, lying on the bed resplendent in her voluptuous nudity. As a personal preference, I am not a fan of large bodies in a sexual interest context. Alice is precisely that, a large fleshy woman. But there is no denying that she is presents a spectacular vision, possessing flawless pink skin and extraordinarily large soft natural breasts. Alice is lying on her back with her legs parted and knees raised slightly. She has her upper arms under her breasts, propping them up on top of her chest. I see that Alice has not altered her grooming habits as she is hairless from the neck down. Her nipples and sex are swollen with arousal, her vaginal lips parted and glistening wet. As she sees me looking at her she says, 'come over here and ride me mister bicycle rider'. I disengage from Abby and Tom and slide onto the bed. Alice makes it clear that no preliminaries are needed, guiding me on and in her voluptuous body. I find her sloppy wet as I slide in, her lush body again reminding me of an oversized soft white pillow. I slide my arms under her breasts to hold them up between our bodies. I settle into her, Alice providing a gratifying moan of pleasure, wrapping her fleshy arms around my shoulders, and arching her hips up to me. 

We soak for some minutes, Alice whispering that I should lie still. Alice rolls and arches her hips under me as she grips my ass cheeks in her hands. She whispers to me, 'I have been dreaming about this skinny ass of yours for months'. Alice rocks and grinds herself on my cock all the while murmuring oaths and moaning approval of the hardness of my organ. And I am hard, rock hard and as her grinding on my cock is pushing it down, I have not the slightest sensation of approaching climax. Alice wraps her legs over the backs of mine and uses this for more leverage in her rocking and grinding against me. Alice looks over at the couch and I hear her say 'oh Ab, you are not going to believe how deliciously hard he is'. I look over to the couch and see that Abby and Tom are watching in rapt attention, Tom casually caressing her thigh while gripping his exposed cock with his other hand. I conclude that a journey through Abby thighs is almost certainly in my near-term future. 

But the immediate has me locked between the voluptuous thighs of Alice who rolls and grinds her hips. She has a death grip on my ass cheeks in her hands and has her legs locked over the back of mine. She uses both as leverage to grind against my cock, our pubic bones rubbing together. I cannot say that this is physically pleasurable; in fact the intensity of her hip grinding puts downward pressure on my cock to the extent that it becomes uncomfortable. Happily I remain rock hard, no doubt assisted in that effort by the aid of Ted's performance enhancing potion. But Alice is the very definition of physically pleasured as her oaths and exclamations attest. She emits an unremitting string of 'fuck, you are so hard', and 'oh god I love your skinny ass', and 'oh fuck you are going to make me cum' and on and on, nonstop as we fuck. Or rather Alice fucks as she has me locked in a viselike grip. And it is all too clear that that last exclamation is rapidly becoming a reality. Alice is breathing hard under me and jerking and rocking her hips. I whisper in her ear, 'do it', 'you have me rock hard in you', 'do it on my cock', 'let me have you'. With each encouragement from me, Alice emits yet another oath of pleasure and wildly jerks her hips for a moment, followed by returning to a slow grinding on me. I actually do want her to climax as the grinding and pressure on my cock is decidedly uncomfortable. I whisper, 'god I am going to cum in you', and that does it as she emits a great oath and climaxes in a wild frenzy of hip rolling and thrusting. A long groaning moan of pleasure follows as her hip grinding gradually slows, followed eventually by a great exhalation signaling that her climax is finally over.

Alice is bathed in a sheen of sweat from her exertions. She removes her legs from the back of mine and rubs her arms and hands voluptuously up and down my shoulders, back and ass. It is clear that I am not going anywhere but the pressure on my cock is now eased and I pull partially out and slowly sink back into her, luxuriating in the exquisite softness of her body. We soak together with my occasional thrust into her to which Alice responds with a reciprocating clench on my cock. Alice is looking over at the couch containing Abby and Tom and she observes, 'Tom wants to fuck your lovely ass'. I look over at Tom who is slowly teasing his erect organ. Alice goes on 'isn't that right Tom, you want to fuck his little ass'. I assume Tom is at least a bit embarrassed by this monologue directed at him, but he remains staring at us and teasing his cock. But Alice appears to have no boundary of embarrassment and goes on in a loud voice 'you should have heard him go on and on about your beautiful cock bouncing around while you were getting fucked in the ass'. Alice looks at Tom again and says, 'come on Tom, come over and fuck his ass'. I continue to slowly thrust into Alice as her bating monologue goes on but I see that in fact Tom is taking a keen interest in my ass cheeks rising and falling. From under me, Alice bates him again, 'what's the matter Tom, are you afraid he won't like your little weenie in his ass after that magnificent cock of his friend'. 

At these words I see Tom bolt up off of the couch and get on the bed. In the process he discards his robe and he is quite nude with his cock jutting out. I feel his hand on my hip, the head of his cock on my asshole, his hands grip both my hips and he slides into my rectum with a loud groan. He sinks fully into me and I feel the most exquisite fullness in my cock, buried in Alice. Tom presses his belly against my ass and groans loudly in evident satisfaction. Under me Alice emits another loud oath and begins thrusting and grinding her hips. Tom begins a rapid pace of fucking his cock in my rectum, my hips being driven forward with each of his bone jarring thrusts, driving my cock down into Alice. Alice gasps out 'oh fuck, fuck his ass, fuck him in the ass'. Both Alice and Tom have a firm grip on my hips and Tom continues rapidly thrusting his cock into my rectum while below me Alice is enthusiastically thrusting and grinding her hips. She emits a long string of oaths as she fucks and grinds on my cock, 'of fuck, oh god fuck', 'aghhhh fuck', and on and on. Such is the fury of her thrusting that she soon arches her hips up and in a loud keening wail, climaxes again in a cacophony of moans and groans. Since he mounted me, Tom has been frantically thrusting his cock into my rectum. Now at the sounds of Alice climaxing I feel him slam against me and his cock throbs in my rectum. From behind and below I hear a long string of oaths as they both complete a hip thrusting climax. 

Tom quickly softens, such is the fate of men his age, and he pulls out and off of me. He is breathing in great gasps and staggers back to his couch, his pleasure at the experience all too apparent, but I ponder Abby's reaction to watching her husband fuck me. Alice under me is soaked in her own sweat and gasping for breath. As I lay on top of her, I become aware of a decided wetness from below. Alice urges me off of her and as I pull away and look down, it becomes clear that she found the experience sufficiently arousing that she has emitted a mighty spray during her cacophonous climax and the bed is soaked. There is some good natured humor at this as we withdraw from the bed. It turns out that Mike has been watching from the doorway and makes some humorous comments about training diapers. Alice takes it all in good humor as she exits the bed, her great breasts flowing and bouncing as she moves. Mike reflects that the bed will require substantial remedial care and suggests that we move to another room after everyone has had a chance to refresh. I retire to the bathroom for a quick refresh in the shower. 

A bit later I enter the new accommodation and find Abby and Tom waiting. I lie on the bed and wait to see what will happen next. They both look at me and each other. It occurs to me that they have not discussed what will happen next. For obvious reasons, I am going to make no overture, although like clockwork, my organ has become aware that it is in the view of the public and has sprung to attention. I reflect that I can only hope it will be so reliable when I am the age of my hosts. Eventually Abby lies down on the bed and Tom sits in a nearby chair. We caress for a bit and neck lightly. I ponder if it is her choice to be here in bed with me or the urging of her husband. It is a common fantasy for men to want to see their wife being fucked, and perhaps this is all about that fantasy. But the aftermath of the reality is often much different than the fantasy. To be sure, she seems to lack the self-confident assurance of Alice, but then so would most women. Abby is very nicely caressing me, taking me all in. She has wonderfully strong yet soft hands and her fingers caress and stroke my chest and belly, and thighs. My throbbing erection is between us and while I occasionally touch her skin, she seems uncertain or unwilling to take any further initiative.

Eventually I urge her to sit on top of me and she swings a leg over, sitting upright and straddling my legs with my erect cock between us. We continue to touch and caress. Abby is a 50ish, physically fit woman with small breasts and a nice tan. By any standard, she is an attractive woman for her age. I caress her breasts, teasing the skin with the backs of my fingers and her nipples respond to a nice hardness. I reach up to her neck and urge that she lie down on top of me. She does so, squeezing my cock between us. She feels lovely against my skin and I tell her so as I caress my hands over her back, hips, and legs. I continue with reassurances that she is lovely and that she feels wonderful against me. Eventually she begins arching her hips, rubbing herself on my cock trapped between us. I lift her hips, she reaches down, and I slide easily into her, finding her wet from arousal. She emits a soft moan of pleasure and presses down firmly against me, rocking her hips in obvious enjoyment. We soak together for some minutes, my hands continuing to stroke and caress her skin and she rocking her hips, rubbing herself on me. 

And then she lifts her hips partway off, pauses, and then settles back, my cock sliding back into her, my hips arching up a bit, and we fuck, slowly at first, her hips gently rising and falling. I glance over at Tom to see how he is taking all of this and find him in rapt attention. I see that he is playing with his cock, having persuaded that recently depleted organ back to a full lifelike state. I ponder what is going to happen next but in the immediate, Abby has increased her enthusiasm and her hips are rising and descending smartly to the point that the room fills with the steady sound of her belly landing against mine. She pauses occasionally to grind and rock her hips against my shaft. This is accompanied by gasps and murmurs of pleasure emitted into my neck where she has her face buried. She then resumes thrusting her hips up and down, riding on my cock. I have my hands on her ass cheeks and my hips arched up to her. She feels deliciously caressing on my shaft as she slides up and down on me, and I begin to contemplate climaxing in her, adding my own heartfelt murmurs and sighs of pleasure to hers. 

We continue on for some minutes with both of us increasing both our pace and enjoyment of the joining. I occasionally look over and see Tom with his eyes riveted on us and his hand stroking his cock. Abby looks up at me for a long searching moment, lowers her mouth on mine, and we kiss voluptuously, all the while continuing our lovely fuck, thrusting and rolling our hips to the mutual enjoyment of us both. And then I feel a weight on the bed and before I can disengage from the kiss, I feel knees and a body behind us. I look up and see Tom and more to the point I can feel him fumbling. And then I feel the head of his cock. Abby grips me tightly around the shoulders and I feel a strong push against my cock. And then I feel his cock slide into her, joining mine. Abby gives a great inhalation and buries her face in my neck. I am so shocked by all of this that I hardly know what to think or say. But Tom certainly does. He has a grip on Abby's hips and begins thrusting into her, the effect meaning that our two cocks are rubbing together inside of her as he thrusts. Abby has her face buried in my neck and is saying not a word and so I conclude that the two had planned this. 

Tom is thrusting steadily, our two cocks rubbing together inside of Abby. I reflect that to say that this is exotic sex does not come anywhere near close. I am gratified that my erection seems to be remaining in good form and the eroticism of all of this is certainly there to be enjoyed. Abby has a death grip on my shoulders and is now emitting gasps and groans, of pleasure or something I else I cannot guess. The sensation of Tom's cock rubbing on mine is indescribable. Our two cocks are squeezed tightly together inside of her and his thrusting of his cock against mine is exquisitely pleasurable. I begin reciprocating, arching my hips up and thrusting into her. We continue thrusting together for some minutes before an ill-timed push results in him slipping out of her. I hold still while he stuffs his cock back into her. I again find the sensation of his cock rubbing against mine in these close quarters decidedly erotic and pleasurable. We both pause for a long moment, both of our cocks fully inside of her. I feel his cock throb strongly as it is pressed together with mine. I find this so thrillingly erotic that it provokes a moan of pleasure from me and a reciprocating clench of my cock.

I find Abby's face with one of my hands and move it from my neck to above my face. We look into each other's eyes for a few minutes. All the while both Tom and I are clenching and throbbing together inside of her. I bring her mouth down to mine and we kiss. As our lips press together, Abby begins moaning, softly at first, and then more ardently as our kiss grows to voluptuous grinding of lips. The kiss has evolved to an unspoken acceptance of this act and that recognition has unleashed her passion. I feel her clenching on our cocks and her hips begin to thrust and tremble. Her moans quickly grow to gasps of pleasure. Tom and I resume thrusting into her, quickly forming a rhythm of alternating withdrawal and driving back in, our cocks rubbing together inside of her with the most exquisitely pleasurable sensations for me and I assume for him. That this is affirmed is evidenced by his exclamations; loud, moaning shouts of ecstasy. He fucks his cock into her with increasing energy, his shaft rubbing voluptuously against mine inside of her. 
