 In which our hero finds commerce. 

It is a rainy Saturday afternoon and my wife and I are having lunch at a bistro restaurant. The weather means that the training ride has been canceled and so I have a leisure day. We have decided to lunch and then there are some shops nearby where my wife wants to browse and do some craft shopping. We are near the end of a delicious lunch when I look up past my wife and see a table on the far side of the room occupied by three men. They are talking together and one of them is gesturing in my direction. I try to ignore this and focus on the conversation with my wife. But there is something unnerving about the animation of the three men directed in my direction. And then it hits me with a shock of recognition. I realize with my stomach doing a lurch that I recognize the fellow who has been pointing at me. He is from the Mr. B party, the guy sitting directly in front of me, anxious to take Ted's place after the show ended. And it is clear that he has recognized me. Of course I don't know his name and he does not know mine, but that hardly matters under the circumstances.

I suggest to my wife that I will settle the bill and that she can go on ahead, that I will join her in the craft store shortly. I tell her that I need to use the rest room so I will be a few minutes. My wife agrees and rises to depart. We give each other a small kiss of fondness and she is out the door. I wave for the waitress to get the bill. As I am waiting, I see the fellow get up and approach my table. He sits down and greets me with, 'I have been waiting for months for my session with you'. I tell him that I don't know what he is talking about, but of course I do know. He goes on with, 'I see you have replaced your pimp with a better act, your wife I assume'. I ask him what he wants. He answers that he already made that clear, he wants his session with me. I ask him if he is suggesting that I drop my trousers and bend over the table. He laughs and responds that he had the men's room in mind. I tell him that he is mad and I start to get up to leave. He puts a restraining hand on mine and suggests that he could ask my wife about a better location, say our bed. 

I sit back down and look at him. I ask again what he wants from me. A fuck he answers me, what he had coming at the party and what he was swindled out of by B and I. I tell him that if there was a misunderstanding that is between him and B, I got no money from him. He responds that he intends to settle the misunderstanding here and now. He tells me to get up and meet him in the men's room. I look across the room and see his two friends still at their table watching us. I ask about his friends. Associates the fellow tells me. They ensure that there are no misunderstandings. I tell him that the party was a performance where I got paid to perform. There was nothing personal in it. I tell him that he should talk to B if he wants to arrange something further but that this is hardly the time or place. The waitress returns and I sign the credit card statement. I get up to leave and he takes my arm. There is menace in his voice as he tells me that I will regret it if I make a scene here in public. We walk toward the men's room and I see his two associates get up and follow. We stop in the hallway and I tell him that I am not going to let him and his associates hurt me, that I am prepared to start screaming bloody murder, and that there will be police. Opening the men's room door he tells me in the same menacing voice that I am going to love it.

We are in the men's room, he and one of his associates whom he addresses as Bert. The other associate, Bill, is left outside the door to ensure that there are no interruptions. He is standing in front of me. He pulls money out of his pocket and slams it down on the sink counter. He looks at me and says,' here is your money ass fuck, take it and get down on your knees'. He tells me to make it good as the sooner I am done here, the sooner I can get back to wifey. What I want more than anything is to get out of here quickly without a scene and without being injured. It will not do any good at all to have a scene that I will have to explain. I sink to my knees in front of him. I look up at the sneer of triumphant on his face as he observes to his associate, 'you see Bert, I told you he would cooperate, a natural born cocksucker'. He looks down at me and tells me to get busy. I reach up and grab the bills, stuffing them into my pocket. I unfasten his belt buckle and pull down his zipper. I pull his clothing down to his knees. His cock is three quarters full.

I lean forward and take his cock in my mouth. I let it soak in my mouth for a few minutes. He comes to full hardness in my mouth, my tongue cradling his erection. From above I hear the menacing voice, 'so far so good ass fuck, now start sucking, like you did to your boyfriend, if you do a better job on me than you did on him, maybe I won't have to stuff it in your asshole to get off like he did'. I begin sliding my lips up and down on his shaft. He possesses an average organ in all respects; average length and girth and straight with a pointed cock head. His balls are hanging down between his legs and I reach out a hand to cup them. I roll his balls in my hand. I flick my tongue on the underside of his cock, teasing the skin of his organ. I press my lips on the shaft and slide up and down, pressing hard, sucking on his cock. I feel him throb in my mouth and begin to think that perhaps if he comes quickly, this will be over and I can escape. I reflect that this is my worst nightmare, to be recognized and exposed from an anonymous encounter. 

I continue sucking, my lips on his hard shaft, just past the head, sliding up and down. He has veins in the shaft of his cock that become apparent now as he becomes more aroused. My lips slide back and forth on the ribbed shaft. I can taste his essence. My goal is to make him cum quickly and to that end I am flicking my tongue on the sweet spot of his cock, just under the head. I feel him stiffen and it is clear that he enjoys this. From above I hear his voice, 'ah Bert, you are going to love this cocksucker's mouth. I feel his beefy hand on my head and he pulls his cock out of my mouth, holding my head so that his cock bounces and rubs on my face. He looks down at me and tells me to lick his balls. I reach up to grab his wet cock in my hand, intending to stroke it while I lick his balls. I dip my head between his legs and lick the skin of his balls, swirling my hand on his cock shaft as I do so. I have a firm grip on his cock and pump up and down on it while I lick both of his balls. More from the voice above follows as he directs me to suck on his balls. As he says this, he takes my hand away from his cock; I can only hope because he is close to finishing. I strain my neck and suck one of his balls into my mouth, sucking on it, then switch to the other. I have my hand on his leg to maintain my balance. I hear him speak again, 'yes nice, very nice my little ass fuck'. 

I let go of his balls and take his cock back in my mouth. I have my hands on his hips and I begin sucking on his cock in earnest, my lips pressing hard on the shaft, sliding up and down on it just below the head. I resume lapping the underside of his cock shaft with my tongue, rapidly teasing the sweet spot. I hear him gasp in pleasure. He pushes my head away again, his cock fully hard and throbbing in front of my face, gleaming from the wetness of my mouth. He holds my head for a few minutes with his cock bobbing out in front of him. I know now that he is close to climax as this is an effort to delay. I feign a desperate desire to suck on his cock by pressing my head on his hand and pulling on his hips in a clear effort to take his cock back in my mouth. I hear his voice again, 'our ass fuck here has fallen in love with my cock Bert. He can't wait to get his cocksucking mouth back on me'. I reflect that at least a part of that is true. He releases my head and I slide my lips back over his cock. I resume sucking, enthusiastically as I am convinced that he will cum soon and this will be over. 

He takes my head in his beefy hands and begins thrusting his hips, driving his cock into my mouth. I think he is probably going to try to humiliate me in front of his associate and so I am being careful to time his thrusts so that I can take deep breaths. And sure enough, he drives the head of his cock into my throat and presses my face hard against his belly. I am fortunate that he is not bigger so that I can relax and let him soak without gagging and struggling. He holds me there for a moment and then resumes rapid fucking of his cock in my mouth. I am pressing my lips firmly on the shaft of his cock and licking the underside. I hear him gasp out in pleasure and expect to feel him ejaculate in my mouth at any moment. The room has dissipated and my senses are flooded with the wet sound of his cock fucking my mouth and the hair on his belly in front of me. His trusts become frantic and I tense for his climax in my mouth. But just as I expect him to cum, he jerks his erection out of my mouth, holds the top of my head in a vice like grip and I see him pumping energetically on his cock. And then just before it happens, I realize that he intends to cum on my face. And then I feel his cum impacting on my skin; one bolt of cum, a second bolt, a third bolt of his cum on my face. 

There is nothing for it but to let him finish and he does so, pumping on his cock with his hand while holding my head. He gasps out his pleasure as he ejaculates. When he is done, he rubs the head of his cock on my face to wipe off the last drop of his juice, his cum slowly running down my cheeks. He gasps a last time, releasing my head, and staggers back a step. A loud exhalation and I see him pulling up his clothes and restoring order. I start to rise, hopeful that now that he has cum, he will want to leave. But I hear him say, 'okay Bert, your turn'. I stand and reach for paper towels to wipe my face. As I turn, I see myself in the mirror, globs of his cum on my skin, slowly sinking down my face. I reflect that I have looked better. I take several towels and wipe, followed by a wet wipe. I turn and there is Bert and his boss starting at me. I toss the towels in the trash and tell them that I have been paid for one so unless they have an objection, I am leaving. The boss thinks this is funny and observes, 'well Bert, ass fuck here has not lost his sense of humor or his balls'. Bert pushes down on my shoulder. I look at him and tell him my money first. He reaches into his pocket, pulls out some bills, and slams them down on the counter. I pick them up and stuff them in my pocket. I don't know how much and I do not care. It is some measure of self-respect from these wonderful people that I am demanding.

I sink down to my knees, the two men staring at me. Bert unfastens and displays his cock; I note a rather ordinary affair with a pronounced right bend. He seems to have found watching me suck on his boss arousing as he is full. I take his cock in my mouth, letting him soak for a minute during which he becomes very hard. I begin sucking on his organ, sliding my lips up and down on the shaft. I ponder the relationship of these men, whether they are actually gay or if this is some sort of power trip. Bert seems to be enjoying the exercise as he is quite hard in my mouth. But he is not saying a word in front of his boss. The boss is behind me so I can't see if he is watching. But as I am pondering this, I hear the door open and close. It is then that Bert comes to life, asking if the boss is guarding the door. A new voice that I assume belongs to Bill answers in the affirmative. Bert then reports that 'the boss sprayed all over the cock suckers face, you should have seen it'. I gather that he found the display arousing. I press my lips harder on the cock in my mouth, flicking my tongue on the underside. I would very much like Bert to stop talking and concentrate. I begin bobbing my head faster, sliding my lips up and down on the shaft. Bert responds, 'yeah, that's it, suck on my big cock'. I wonder if he is talking about someone else or if he is just ignorant as to the relative size of cocks. 

I take my mouth off of his cock with a big show of gasping for breath and wiping the tears from my eyes. I reach my hand up and wrap my fingers around the shaft. I begin pumping on his organ. He arches his hips out and I pump my hand vigorously on his cock, squeezing my fingers on the shaft. He is quite hard and I assume he will cum soon. I do not want him to spray his cum on my clothes so I will want to take him back in my mouth at the critical moment. I lean forward and begin flicking my tongue on the head of his cock, all the while pumping vigorously on the shaft. I hear him groan. I lean forward and take the head of his cock in my mouth, sucking on it and flicking my tongue over it. And then suddenly he grabs my head in both hands and begins frantically thrusting his hips, fucking his cock into my mouth. I press my lips on the shaft. He responds with a groan of pleasure and drives his cock into my throat and holds my head there in a death grip. I was not expecting this and so have been caught off guard on my breathing. Fortunately he is not large and so has not penetrated far, but even so, it takes all of my will power to repress a choking struggle. I don't want to give him that satisfaction. Finally he jerks his cock out of my mouth and I gasp a great inhalation. My eyes are watering so that I can hardly see but of course I know his cock is just there in front of me. He is still holding my head in his hands and I try to lean forward to take him back in my mouth. There is no point in a delay to let him cool off. 

He strains against me but I pull on his hips and I get my lips around the head of his cock, resuming my squeezing and sucking on his organ. I feel him throb and then his hands relax. I take his cock in my mouth and suck vigorously, my lips pressing on the shaft just past the head. As I suspected, he was trying to cool for a moment but now it is all over for him as I feel him stiffen in my mouth. I flick my tongue rapidly on the underside of his cock and I feel him respond by going rock hard. He groans, presses his hand hard on my head to prevent me from withdrawing, and ejaculates in my mouth. I stop moving the instant I taste his cum flowing onto my tongue. I relax and let him finish in my mouth. He reposes for some minutes, the room in utter silence. I can only assume he was embarrassed about expressing much pleasure in front of his colleague, but it is clear that he very much enjoyed his blowjob. Eventually he withdraws from my mouth and steps back. He observes to Bill that I am a talented cock sucker. He restores order to his clothes and tells Bill that he will wait outside.

And then it is the last of the three. I wipe the tears from my eyes and look up at him. 'Well?' I ask. He unfastens and displays his specimen. I observe that he is not fully hard and that gives me pause as he is enormous. I look from his cock up to his face and back again. He says not a word. I look back up at him and ask if his boss has seen this thing at full mast. He answers no. I respond that he should take my advice and keep it that way as he is much, much larger than his employer who I judge would not be happy to be known as small cock. I lean forward and take the head of his cock in my mouth. It is not altogether an easy thing as he really is a mouthful. The head itself is not overly large but the shaft just past the head swells to an enormous girth. He is uncut and if it were me, I would deal with this extra and unnecessary material as he must have a hard time finding someplace to implant this monster. I wrap my hand around the shaft and begin pumping on it. His cock is full but not excessively hard. I continue pumping my hand on his cock at a modestly slow pace and squeeze the shaft with my fingers as I do so. I would very much like him to get harder as I will know that I am making some progress at this exercise. 

But in that objective I am disappointed. He is full and I taste the essence of him on my tongue. But his organ does not firm up. I begin to wonder if this is a species that I occasionally see in porn films, so large a girth that there is not enough blood flow to get really hard. With some effort, I slide my lips down the shaft of his cock. My mouth is full to the point of being stuffed and I have only half of him. I continue my pumping on the shaft, letting him soak in my mouth as I do so. I have my tongue cradling the cock but my mouth is so full that I can hardly lick to any great effect. I slide my mouth down further on the shaft until I have him pressing on my throat. There is no way that I can swallow an organ of this size but I am hoping that the sensation will be sufficiently pleasurable that he will climax. I reach between his legs and cup his balls and he responds immediately with a groan of pleasure. I continue pumping on the shaft while I milk his balls in my hand. My jaws begin to hurt from the strain of his enormous cock. I reflect on the burden of living with such an organ. Where does one find to put it? And once having found a berth, the lack of rigidity means that it would be a constant struggle to keep it inserted. 

That this is so is made clear when I begin to slide my mouth back off of his cock. I hope to ease the strain on my jaws for a moment, but I immediately feel his hand on my head, gently urging me back. I squeeze his balls and slide my mouth back on his cock, now sliding my lips up and down on the shaft, as deeply as I can manage. My jaws ache and I am tearing from the strain. I am squeezing his cock in my mouth, more from the enormous girth of the organ than any deliberate strategy. But the effect is the same and it becomes clear that my efforts have had a satisfactory effect. I feel his legs begin to shake. I steel myself to continue sliding my mouth up and down on the shaft despite my aching jaws. I hear him gasp in pleasure and he murmurs 'don't stop, oh please don't stop'. And then I feel the faintest taste of him, I assume an ejaculation but I am not sure. I continue sliding my mouth slowly up and down the shaft until finally I hear an exhalation and his hand on my head stops my movement. I let go of his balls, release my hand on the shaft of his cock, and I let him repose in my mouth. Since he never really got hard, there was little sense of a pre-climax stiffening and there is no obvious post climax deflation. Finally he takes a step backward and withdraws from my mouth, wrapping his hand around his cock as he does so. He squeezes himself in his hand with an exhalation, I assume from pleasure. He looks down at me and tells me that that felt wonderful. I have no sensation of any volume of ejaculate in my mouth. I ponder again on the great differences in human physiology, that enormous organ and he ejaculates a droplet or two, apparently to great satisfaction.

Bill fastens up; volubly exhaling in what I assume is an expression of post climax bliss. I have risen and used paper towels to wipe my face and clear the tearing from my eyes. I flex my jaws which are sore from the exercise on his organ. He departs the room without another word or glance. I wait for a few minutes, hoping earnestly that this is over. If this is the end of it, then I will have escaped a great danger. In a few minutes, a patron comes into the room to use the facility. I take this to mean that the trio have departed. I exit and immediately go outside, observing no sign of my recent company.

I pull the money out of my pocket and count. Two hundred and thirty seven dollars for roughly thirty minutes of my time spent on my knees giving blowjobs. Seventy-nine dollars per blowjob, including tip. I have a brief fantasy about driving through the trade district and doing some comparative shopping on the street cost of an anonymous blowjob. I reflect that at this rate, I would need to give only 1,265 blowjobs per year to make a decent living as a professional cock sucker. As I calm down from my dark humor ruminations, I consider that as far as I can determine, I have made a miraculous escape from a very dangerous situation. I head over to the craft shop and there is my wife with several articles in her arms. What do you think of these she asks, holding them up for my comment.