 Chapter 19. 

In which our hero is taken in hand. 

Some months of social turmoil have passed since the last chapter in this diary. The mistress of chapter four has made an occasional reappearance to both my delight and disadvantage. Delight to the extent that I find it impossible to decline; such is the overwhelming rapture of the exhilarating sex. And disadvantage to the extent that the mistress has substantively contributed to the demise of marriage two without the slightest inclination to permanence or regret. And so I have taken a new job to add distance to my arsenal of inadequate self-interest and good sense, and bid goodbye to the mistress. I trust for good. And while not divorced quite yet, I am now living alone in an apartment in the northwest of Ind***.

A very pleasant afternoon finds me arriving at the adult movie theater. This establishment has a modest sized theater on the first floor and video booths on the second. I do a bit of exploring upstairs and find the booths playing the usual variety of films with no obvious opportunities for cock play on this occasion. I go downstairs, prepared for my usual adult movie theater experience, stripping from the waist down and playing with my cock while enjoying porn films. I find a seat after the usual fumbling around in the dark. The film playing has a girl taking on three guys. While there is no ass fucking or double penetration, both my favorites, the film has an abundance of delights where the three guys take turns hard riding the girl in a round robin that seems to go on forever. I strip from the waist down and enjoy a very pleasurable half hour or so that culminates with the three guys sequentially emptying their balls inside the girl. A good deal of slow motion displays oversized cocks common in porn films in all of their glory as each in turn pulses the girl full of cum. The conclusion is an extended slow motion of the cum slowly and quite visibly draining out of the girl, running down the crack of her ass and onto the bed under her in a large puddle. 

Since it is early in my session, I refrain from ejaculating but of course I find the scene highly arousing and I am rock hard in my seat, my climax on the boil. The film ends and there is a delay in the start of the next which gives me an opportunity to cool off a bit. As the next film begins to roll, the theater is briefly plunged back into darkness. While in the dark, I find that I am suddenly joined by another patron who claims the seat next to mine. I am still stripped from the waist and so begin to consider what to do. And then as the next film begins, my new neighbor leans over and whispers that he enjoyed watching me. I look over at him and find him to be older than I but an attractive and well groomed fellow. He whispers to me again asking if I would let him help, where the object of the help is all too clear. But in case there is any doubt, he reaches his arm down and slides his hand over the inside of my naked thigh, providing a gentle squeeze of the skin. His hand is warm and soft and feels delicious on my aroused flesh.

Ordinarily, I do not like to be groped. But over the years I have grown more tolerant of the touch of other men and with someone who is skillful at it, I have found myself enjoying the experience. In the present case, if I become unhappy I can always refasten my clothes as it is no mystery that I am nude from the waist. And I can get up and move elsewhere or leave. So I decide to see where this goes for a bit, putting off a decision about what to do. I start by sitting back in my seat and putting my hands on the arm rests. My cock is erect and bobbing in front of me. I am curious to see how he will proceed. Apparently he is curious as well as he begins exploring me with his hands, both of them, leaning over in his seat. I feel his hand gently caressing my naked thigh, while with the other hand he touches my belly. My skin is ultra-sensitive to the touch and I jump as his hand slides over my belly. He reaches up under my shirt and caresses and squeezes my breasts, first one, and then the other. He spends a long time caressing my nipples. 

I find all of this very pleasurable and arousing. But he seems in no hurry to make any progress. In fact I have been sitting there watching the film for a good long time with my cock fully erect just waving around in the air. He is using the palm of his hands to caress my leg from my hip to my knee, and then moves to the other leg using the back of his hand and fingers to repeat his caressing of my skin. He continues touching my belly, his fingers teasing around the base of my cock, stroking my hips, and teasing my belly button. His work on my belly is particularly arousing. I am sensitive to start with, and his hands are warm and soft on my skin. He gently squeezes the skin, strokes the skin with his fingertips, and then repeats the squeezing, moving his hand a bit each time. About the time I consider either touching my cock myself, or telling him to do so, he very lightly brushes the back of his fingers along my cock shaft. After the long stimulation, the sensation of finally having my cock touched is spectacularly pleasurable and I arch my hips for more. He has his hands on me he sees my reaction and withdraws from my cock.

The caressing handwork continues. Occasionally I will receive a teasing brush of his fingers on my cock. But this seems more to confirm that I am still erect rather than to actually play with me. The palms of his hands and his fingers continue their unrelenting teasing and caressing of my thighs and hips and belly. To be sure, I am enjoying the attention as he is an expert at this and here in the darkened theater, watching the porn on the full movie theater screen in front of me, his stimulation work on me is enthralling. The porn film has evolved to a girl on her knees with her hips up in the air. She is being vigorously fucked in the ass by the usual oversized cock. The vision on the screen is mesmerizing, particularly when the film switches to slow motion mode and I see the magnificent cock driving in and out of her rectum, with each lunge her body quivers from the impact. My companion occasionally looks at the film but spends most of his time looking at me as his hands roam around, caressing and stroking. I am at the point where I want to ejaculate, secure in the knowledge that I can continue watching for a bit and will become aroused again. 

I arch my hips up in something of a thrusting motion, trusting that he will get the idea. At first my desperately hard cock is thrusting into thin air. But eventually my seatmate applies some teasing stroking to my cock. He has the most arousing cock play technique; he very lightly brushes the backs of his fingers on my cock shaft, he holds the shaft lightly in the palm of his hand and caresses his thumb on the shaft, he wraps thumb and forefinger around the shaft and squeezes tightly. He squeezes my cock from the base to the tip and then wipes over the head, spreading my leakage over the head of my cock. This is so pleasurable that I immediately stiffen and arch up. Bet he lets go and lets me cool for a few moments, squeezing my balls in his hands while my cock throbs and bobs in urgent need of attention. 

I reflect that I greatly admire his technique, however torturously pleasurable I find the experience. He has kept me riding a wave of agonizing rapture that he is clearly in no hurry of any kind to bring to a conclusion. As I watch the porn film in front of me I begin to fantasize that it is my cock driving into the girl's rectum, and the feathery caress of the walls of her rectum on my cock will shortly bring me to climax. Alternatively I imagine that I can feel the cock sliding in and out, that I am caressing the shaft of the cock and that it is so hard, just like my own, that I will shortly feel it pulse and spray out its elixir. I imagine that I see the semen spurting out of the tip of the cock. 

I lean over to my companion and tell him that I am desperate to cum. His response is to wrap his forefinger and thumb tightly around the base of my cock and ride up and down as I thrust. I am mad with the need to climax and thrust my hips faster. He strokes the shaft of my cock with his fingertips and I find this casual teasing maddening. I try to fuck my cock into his fingers wrapped around my cock but he just tightens his grip and his fingers move up and down in time with my thrusting hips. While he holds my cock shaft in this tight grip, he continues to caress and squeeze the skin of my inner thighs and my belly. The sensations are maddeningly arousing and I twist and squirm in my seat in heated arousal. Finally he slides his hand between my legs and under my balls. He wraps his hand around my sack and rolls my balls in his fingers. At the same time he slides his caressing fingers up and down on my shaft and I have the distinct sensation of having my cock caressed by the most wonderfully teasing waterfall. I gasp in pleasure and I can feel my climax surging toward me. I gasp out that I am going to cum. 

His reaction is immediate as he leans over me and engulfs my shaft in his mouth. I moan loudly at this ecstatically voluptuous sensation and instinctively place my hand on the back of his head so that he does not withdraw. Of course I know from my own personal experience that there is no likelihood that he would consider withdrawing. And of course, he does not. Rather, he holds still with his lips pressed on my cock shaft and lets me thrust my manhood into his mouth, all the time gently caressing my balls. He is careful to not touch the head of my cock, his lips pressing only on the shaft. I know the strategy; let me delay the crisis as long as I can, hold out for a few more seconds of ecstasy, another second before I spill my juice into his mouth. I begin energetically thrusting my hips, fucking my cock into his mouth while the tidal wave of my climax approaches. I stop thrusting, the dam of my bursting climax just there within reach. I am leaning tightly back against the seat. I can feel his lips squeezing on my cock. I know that I am going to spray my semen into his mouth. And so it is left only for me to prolong this exquisite pleasure for as many seconds as I can. I begin thrusting again and it becomes surreal as time seems to slow. I see my rigidly hard cock, my semen flowing upward. I feel the pressure of his lips easing on my cock shaft, the master cock sucker delaying the end for just another second or two. I feel my cock clench powerfully; once, what seems like a long pause and another powerful clench, and finally I feel the dam burst and a burst of semen erupts from my cock. It feels like I have completely emptied in this one spraying burst, but then I clench strongly again, and then again, and another time, and after each I feel the sensation of ejaculating semen flowing into my cock suckers mouth.

I am moaning to myself, my legs rigid in the immediate aftermath of my climax, his mouth reposing on my cock, letting my shaft soak in his cum filled mouth. I reflect how many times I have done this very thing, allowed a cock to ejaculate in my mouth and then just stayed there, letting the organ soak in the bath of semen in my mouth. I reflect that it is equally pleasurable from either side of the erupting cock. Knowing from my own perspective how much I enjoy the repose, I am in no hurry to rush my companion. And so we remain locked together, his mouth holding my cock bathed in my semen, my organ very slowly deflating. 

Eventually he sits up, withdrawing from my deflated organ. Slipping out of his mouth, my half full cock flops down between my legs. My cock is wet from his mouth and my semen. I look over at him and see that he has not swallowed. But as we look at each other I see that he does swallow and I see the familiar look of ecstasy on his face as he consumes my ejaculation. We look at each other and I nod, acknowledging that I know that he has consumed me. He leans over and to no surprise of any kind; he whispers a thank you and rises up out of his seat. He turns and I see him walk away. 

I sit there in the nude for a long time, basking in the afterglow of a marvelously intense climax. I reflect on the skill of the cock sucker who serviced me, comparing his technique to memorable performances of my own. I reflect favorably on his technique, especially at the very end; the easing of the pressure on my cock in the last moments, to delay the climax just another few seconds, making the final that much more intense. And it was. I sigh again in post ejaculation contentment. But as always, the porn goes on and eventually I watch an energizing scene that restores my arousal. I reflect that I do not need to climax again as anything further at this point would be a disappointment after the intensity of the blowjob and the skill of the anonymous cocksucker. Nonetheless I enjoy watching the porn on the large screen in front of me, the huge oversized cocks, plowing away in the various orifices of the performers. And finally I watch in unending fascination at the mesmerizing majesty of the engorged cocks spewing out ejaculate. 

I leave the theater after the last film has completed and climb the stairs to the video booth area. Despite my draining climax, I am desperate to suck a cock; such is the restorative effect of watching porn. Upstairs there are two long rows of video booths separated by a wall. I walk down one hall to see if there are any patrons, and finding none, retrace my steps to the other hall and see that there are a couple of booths in use. I wait, pretending to study the titles available in the booths. In a few minutes, the first booth opens followed shortly by the second. I enter a booth and leave the door open. A fellow walks down the hall, pausing to look in my booth. I am leaning against the wall and look out at him. He enters my booth, pulling the door closed behind him. And we are alone. We each rub our cocks through our slacks for a few minutes. My companion pulls his zipper down and slips his fingers inside. I watch the movement as he touches his cock inside of his slacks. I can see that his cock has swollen. I lick my lips in anticipation.

I kneel down, leaning back against the wall. My companion stands across from me with his hand inside of his slacks, his full cock hiding inside of his slacks. He slowly unfastens his belt and eases his slacks down over his hips. And there he is, in front of me, the long full cock pulsing a bit, not yet fully hard, beckoning to me. I reach a hand forward to his hip and draw him to me. I lean forward and rub my face on his cock shaft. I feel the warmth of his organ on my skin and sigh in pleasure. I caress his cock with my cheeks, first one side of my face, and then the other. I feel his cock grow as I rub my face on it, feel it throb against my skin, feel the lifeblood of the cock drawing me to it. I tease the head of the cock with my tongue, just a teasing flick on the tip. I caress the underside, teasing the sweet spot under the head. I turn my head a lick the entire underside of the cock with my tongue, slowly up and down the length of the shaft. I lean back and look up at him, his cock jutting out from his belly, throbbing in the air just in front of my mouth. I sigh at the majestic spectacle in front of me

I open my mouth and as I look up at his face, I engulf his cock in my mouth. I hold him there gently squeezing the cock in my mouth, looking up at his face. I exult in having his rock hard cock bathing in my mouth, alive and throbbing. I sigh again, in cock sucking paradise, knowing that I will have his life essence. But not yet. Now is the time to luxuriate in sucking on this magnificent cock, at my leisure to enjoy at length. I reflect on the natural order; the dominant male standing tall with his cock jutting out hard and powerful from his belly, and the supplicant, kneeling before the powerful, and submitting to the power by worshiping. How else to understand the motivation of the cock sucker than to see the cock suck as supplicating worship and through swallowing the semen, to become the powerful. 

I press my lips on the shaft and slowly draw off of it. I tease the head of his cock with my lips before fully withdrawing. I watch the cock for a moment as it bobs in the air. I take him back in my mouth, again squeezing the organ, gently sucking on it. His skin tastes delicious. The smell of his sex fills my senses. We are closed off together from the rest of world for these moments, the cock owner and I, and of course his cock, entwined together, joined in the rapture of the cock suck. I slide my lips slowly up and down on the shaft. He possesses a lovely specimen, a bit long with a small pointed cock head, and a lovely full girth. I press my lips on the shaft just past the head and slide up and down. His organ has subtle ripples and I luxuriate in the feel of his shaft as my lips slide over it. I caress the bottom of his cock with my tongue, teasing the sweet spot, flicking the tip of my tongue on it. I both hear and feel his breathing as I suck on him. I hear his small murmurs and gasps of pleasure. I feel the subtle responses of his body from the efforts of my mouth on his cock. 

We continue on and on, our ballet of cock sucking, my mouth caressing and stimulating the organ, and the organ stimulating and arousing me. I slide down the length of the shaft until I feel the head of his cock at the entrance to my throat. I press on the cock and feel the head slip into my throat. I rest there a moment, focusing on relaxing my throat. I pull off and take a deep breath and then resume, this time pressing my face against his belly. His cock throbs in my throat and this is what I seek, my throat sucking deeply on his cock, possessing this cock, swallowing it whole. I feel his cock clench as I have it imbedded in my throat, sucking on him with my throat, sucking the life out of him through his cock. I bob my head up and down on his cock, fucking my throat with it. I slide down on it again and again press my face forcefully against his belly, the cock sliding deeply into my throat. I hold his cock there imbedded in my throat. I hear him quietly moaning in pleasure. I feel his body shaking. These are all the delights and inspirations to the cock sucker. 

I pull off of his cock and take a great gasp of air. The cock bobs wetly in front of me. I reach up and up and cup his balls in the palm of my hand. I squeeze them gently and roll the balls in my fingers. I slide back on the cock, again luxuriating in the feel of the organ in my mouth, the hardness reflecting the strength and power of the owner, soon to be mine through his ejaculation. And that that conclusion is not far off is visibly transmitted to me by his gasps and murmurs of pleasure. I press my lips on the shaft and bob up and down, sucking in earnest now, the room filled with the distinctive sounds of the wet sloppy cock suck. I gently squeeze and stroke the skin of his balls with my fingertips. And I suck deeply, drawing on his cock shaft, willing his cock to ejaculate in my mouth. I feel his shaft stiffen in my mouth, the subtle changes in texture and feel reveal the approaching crisis. I bob faster on the shaft. More than anything else in the world at this moment, I want his cock to spew out its manhood into my mouth. 

And then I feel his hand lightly on the back of my head, an urgent request that I continue and not withdraw my mouth from his organ. And of course I will not withdraw until I have his life essence. I suck deeply on his cock shaft. He arches his hips forward and I know that it is not more than a moment longer. I bob my head vigorously up and down on his cock, my lips pressing on the shaft, sucking on his cock. I feel him tense in front of me and know that the crisis is at hand. I cradle my tongue around the underside of his cock and squeeze on the organ in my mouth. I am clenching my mouth on his organ, squeezing and sucking on it, and I feel him respond in kind; a powerful clench of his cock, another, a loud moan of pleasure emanates from him, and I feel him burst out his cum. His semen floods out into my mouth in great bursting spasms. He gasps in prolonged pleasure, holding my head so that he can finish. And I do hold him there, in my mouth as he finishes his climax, finishes ejaculating his manhood into my mouth.
