 Chapter 20. 

In which our hero goes to school. 

Back to the adult movie theater on a late Tuesday afternoon for some grazing and sport. I immediately go upstairs to the video booth area as it is late afternoon and I normally expect some homeward bound traffic. And sure enough there are several men milling about with the usual nonsense of closely studying the titles outside of the booth doors. I stroll down first one aisle and then the other before settling into one of the booths, leaving the door open wide. This ballet is a never ending source of both interest and entertainment as the social dynamics of applying for and receiving a free blowjob plays itself out, all without any verbal or written communication. And so the allusion to ballet is all too real. 

On this occasion and to no surprise at all, my wait is not long. A business suit strolls slowly by my open booth and observes me leaning back against the wall. He hesitates and I can read his mind, do I or don't I? I have come this far and all that is needed is the final step of walking into the room and closing the door behind me. I have thought about this all day, or perhaps a number of days. An anonymous blowjob with no strings, promises, or regrets. Just take it out and let him suck me off. Of course it is one thing to enjoy the fantasy of the face of the beautiful princess, her mouth servicing one's erect cock, and quite another to walk into a room containing a real live person who is not the fantasy princess. And so his dilemma, do I or don't I. It does happen that they walk away. But not this time. Suit enters my room and I swing the door closed behind him. 

He is nervous and anxious, clearly not experienced at this. I really don't care about experience one way or the other as long as he can get it up. And to that extent, I do not want to frighten the poor fellow into flight, or much worse, hopeless impotence. I kneel down, leaning back against the wall. He has his hands in front of his zipper and I can see the fright in his body language. His hands are actually shaking a bit. But my old fear of entrapment is still strong and I want the fellow to do it all by himself, take it out and offer it to me. I lean back and look up at him, saying not a word as it is clear that I am waiting for him. Eventually he pulls his zipper down and exposes his cock. He is not erect but then that is not a surprise. I lean forward so that his cock is right in front of my face. I brush my cheek softly against his cock. At the first touch of my skin on his organ, I hear an exhalation of pleasure from above. I am going to need to be very careful in the next few minutes or he will be spilling his juice before he has a chance to get hard.

I put my hands on his hips and push him back against the wall to steady him. I brush my face back and forth against his cock, slowly back and forth. I continue this caressing of his cock, a subtle caressing of the skin with my face, and I feel him begin to rise. As he does so, I tell him to relax and take his time, that there is no rush, and I continue the delicate teasing of his cock to erection. Eventually he is sticking out straight, perhaps not fully erect, but certainly a creditable performance. He is smallish but that hardly matters as he is erect and eager. I tell him that he is lovely, meaning of course his erect cock, perhaps a bit of a stretch, but he takes this as encouragement and swells a bit more. I place my lips on the head of his cock and begin my contribution to act 2. Still holding his hips, I press my lips over the head of his cock and take his organ in my mouth. Both of us give out a sighing gasp of pleasure, he at the incomparable pleasure of having his cock in my mouth with the immediate prospect of more pleasure to follow. And for me the cock suckers delight, supplicating on a hard cock, performing yet another edition of my balls draining public service. 

I take his cock almost fully in my mouth and relax there, letting him repose for a few minutes. Fortunately he has remained erect and has not ejaculated so this is almost certainly going to work out. I can feel him shake just a bit, whether from nerves or pleasure, I cannot hazard a guess. I eventually begin by slowly sliding my lips off of his shaft. I take my mouth completely off and have another look at his cock. He is bobbing right in front of me, the shaft gleaming from the wet of my mouth. I take the head of his cock back in my mouth and squeeze gently, receiving an immediate gasp of pleasure. I release the pressure and just hold him there with the barest touch of my lips on the shaft. I feel him quivering in my mouth. I slide my lips down the shaft and again take him fully in my mouth. I slide my lips up and down on the base of his shaft, pressing harder on his organ, sucking on it. There are few nerves in this part of the cock so this is not going to bring him to climax any time soon. But he is sighing in pleasure, I think more from the mental image of having his cock sucked than the actual physical sensation. 

I begin longer sucking motions, sliding my lips at a moderate pace from the base of his shaft to just below the head. I feel him getting harder in my mouth and so it is clear that this is going to come to a happy conclusion in just a few minutes. I decide to play with him for just a bit and I release all of the pressure on his shaft. I do this for just a moment and then squeeze him gently in my mouth. I repeat this several times, a brief squeeze on the entire organ and then completely release the pressure. Now each time I squeeze his cock in my mouth, I hear a heartfelt moan of pleasure. And when I release the pressure on the shaft, I receive a gratifying quiver of his organ. I remove my mouth from his cock and let him bob just in front of my face, the head occasionally brushing my lips. I look up at him and I ask him if he wants to cum. Of course this is a rhetorical question but I want to hear him talk. Well, I ask? He croaks out a gasping yes as an answer. I follow this up with another question, 'do you want to cum in my mouth?' I lick the underside of the head of his cock once, and then another time while he ponders this dilemma. Say it, I tell him, 'do you want to me to suck on your cock and let you cum in my mouth'. I lick the underside of the head of his cock again, and two more times. 

Finally a gasping, 'oh god suck me please' from him. I take his cock in my mouth and begin energetically sucking on the shaft, sliding my lips up and down just below the head, pressing hard. I feel him immediately stiffen rock hard and give out a great inhalation. I feel his entire body stiffen, a great moaning gasp from him, and his semen spews out of his cock into my mouth. I press my lips firmly on the shaft of his cock and slide slowly up and down. His climax slowly diminishes, his semen flowing into my mouth, a faint nutty taste. I cradle his reposing cock in my tongue, pressing and drawing my lips on his cock shaft. A long succession of gasping 'ohs' follow from him. Eventually his cock softens in my mouth and I withdraw. I lean back against the wall and stand. He is still gasping for breath and as I swallow his semen, I reflect again how spectacular anonymous male sex can be. I very much doubt that my companion would appreciate the profound philosophical issues associated with him giving up his life essence to me and my swallowing his semen. But it is enough that I appreciate the act and the symbolism. I leave the room.

I stroll down the hall. I have a date with a woman tonight so this is recreation. That is, I have no plans to visit the movie theater as I am marshaling my resources for my date. But as I walk down the hallway I see ahead of me a boy standing by a booth. Boy in the context of a young man sporting the sweatshirt of a local high school. I look down and see that the enthusiasm of youth is upon him as his clearly visible erection is tenting his jeans. I slow my pace and come to a halt at the booth where he is standing, studying the film offerings. I stand next to him for a moment until he looks up. I give him a hard look and walk into the booth, leaving the door open. He hesitates for a moment, looking at me, and then enters the room. I close the door. I speculate how old he is, certainly not more than eighteen and perhaps younger. He has the slim build of a high school athlete and the facial complexion to match. We stand facing each other for a long moment. He is intoxicatingly beautiful. 

I put a hand on the wall above his shoulder and lean toward him. I can hear his breathing, excited by the exotic eroticism of being here with me. I take my other hand and press it against the front of his jeans, his organ pressed against his belly, his erection clearly in evidence. He gives me a sharp intake of breath at my touch. I continue to press and bring my lips close to his ear. Is this what you came here for I whisper? While he thinks it over, I slide my hand slowly up and down over his erection, the feel of him through his jeans is voluptuously exciting for me, and I daresay for him as well. I squeeze his cock through his jeans and feel him shake from the pleasure of my touch. 

I lean back and reach down for his jeans, unfastening him. I kneel down and slide his jeans down off of his hips, finding him naked underneath. I flip his sneakers off and remove his slacks. And then I look up and his glorious erection is in front of me. The magnetic power of the youthful sex is mesmerizing, standing tall, and throbbing in front of me. I emit an audible gasp as I gaze at his magnificent organ. I stand and lift his sweatshirt over his head, tossing it with his jeans on the bench seat. And then he is completely naked in front of me, his skin glowing in the dim light, his slim body rippled with the strength and power of youth, the muscles standing out well defined on his legs and belly. I reach out and put my hand on his chest, feeling his heartbeat on my hand, pounding. I slide my hand slowly down his chest, caressing the skin with my fingertips. I watch my hand descend his torso, my fingers playing over the skin of his belly, his cock jutting out and throbbing. The eroticism of his nudity makes it almost difficult for me to breath.

I am rock hard and I cannot recall a time when I have been more aroused. In a flight of erotic imagination, I quickly strip out of my clothes. And we are standing, facing each other, both naked, both rock hard and throbbing. I press against him, feeling his cock strain against my belly and mine pressing against his. I slide my arms around him and grip his ass cheeks in my hands. I moan in arousal as I press him against me, squeezing his ass cheeks in my hands, his flesh firm in my fingers. I continue to grip his ass cheeks, kneading and squeezing the flesh, his hard cock pressed against my belly. I withdraw slightly and slide my own erection under his balls and between his legs. I then I press hard against him again. His glorious hard cock between us, pressed between our bellies. I am enthralled at the physical sensation of this. I find all of this both confusing and thrilling at the same time. Normally I would be interested only in kneeling and engulfing the offered hard cock. And to be sure, his cock is the very definition of rock hard. I feel it throbbing against me. But I find that I cannot get enough of his flesh, his entire body the object of my desire. 

I rub my belly against his, rolling and grinding against him, his cock sandwiched between us. I have his ass cheeks in my hands, squeezing and gripping him close to me, massaging his cock with my belly. His skin has the baby texture of youth and yet the muscles under the skin are firm and strong. I can smell his skin, tantalizing in its freshness. I thrust my belly against his, his erection pressing into my skin. I push back and look down, both of our cocks hard and jutting out. I reach my hand down and grip them, pressing the two cocks together. The touch of his cock against my own is electrifying and I moan in pleasure. I hold the two cocks together in my hand and thrust my hips, the cocks rubbing together. I reach my other hand down and wrap both around the two cocks. My cock is on top of his, the feel of his cock on the sweet spot of mine so enthralling that I have to take care not to climax. I put his cock on top of mine and thrust my hips, rubbing my cock on the bottom of his. I take a glance at the boy and find that he finds the vision equally enthralling as he is staring down at the two cocks. 

The boy begins thrusting his hips in rhythm with my own, our cocks rubbing together. The sensation is electrifying for me and it seems from his reaction for him also. I grip his ass cheek with one of my hands to hold him steady and begin rubbing the head of my cock on the bottom of his shaft. So hard is he that I can rub the head of my cock up and down on the sweet spot of his full organ. We are both leaking and the lubricant from our cocks makes the friction against his skin feel heavenly. I am grunting from the effort, our cocks stabbing and thrusting against each other. I feel him shaking against my hand. I want for all the world to descend to my knees and engulf his cock but the scene in front of me is so enthralling that I cannot move. I convince myself that I will descend in a moment, just a moment more to gaze upon his exquisitely beautiful body and the breathtaking cock rubbing against my own. I cannot take my eyes off of his cock so mesmerizing is the sight. My hand is gripping his ass cheek and I feel his shaking becoming more violent. I know I should descend now before it is too late. 

I see a small white pearl emerge at the tip of his cock and then immediately following his cock gives a strong jerk and spews a blast of semen. So strong is the pulse that it jets upward and splashes against my chest and then ricochets up to splash on my face. I immediately wrap my hand around his shaft when he jerks strongly again and a second blast of semen jets out of his cock and splashes against my belly. The sight of his ejaculating cock is breathtaking. I hold the organ in my hand as the cock emits a third blast of semen, and then a smaller fourth and fifth. And then he is finished. I continue to hold the organ in my hand, squeezing and slowly pumping on it, letting him finish. I slide my other hand under his balls and slowly and gently squeeze them as I continue to squeeze and pump on his cock. I reflect that I could do this forever, gazing at this beautiful body and holding his cock and his balls in my hands. We go on and on like this, his cock remaining full, losing only a bit of rigidity. I look up at him and find him staring down at his cock and my handwork, apparently in no hurry at all to end this.

I look up and down at his beautiful body, the bloom of youth upon him. I wonder again how old he is, how long it has been since he climaxed. I speculate on whether he can do it again as he remains full. When I was eighteen, if he is that old, I could do it five times a day and still want more. I begin caressing his organ, stroking up and down the underside of the shaft with my fingertips. I caress his shaft with the backs of my fingers, over the top, the sides, and the underside of his full cock. He possesses and exquisite cock, long and full, and perfectly straight. The organ gleams in the dim light. His cock shaft is like a beacon, beckoning to me, come closer, worship my majesty. I press on the organ with my fingertips and slowly roll it side to side, pump slowly up and down on it. He recovers some of his rigidity and I speculate that round two with this lovely specimen is in my immediate future. 

I sink to my knees in front of him. His rigid cock is right in front of me. There is semen on the shaft from his ejaculation. In fact there is semen everywhere and the room is filled with the smell of him. I caress his shaft with my fingers. I am naked myself and as I gaze upon and fondle his magnificent organ, my own erection returns in full force and urgency. I reach a hand down and wrap it around my cock, squeezing it and pumping on it. I take my hand off of his cock and slide it over his body, slowly up and down his leg, the muscles rippling his slender limb. I slide my hand up over his belly, teasing the skin with my fingertips. His belly is rock hard under the touch of my fingers. And all the while I gaze upon his cock, just in front of me, jutting out from his belly, throbbing. His cock is breathtaking in its youthful energy. The cock forcefully beckons to me. I cannot resist a moment longer.

I lean forward, intending to tease the head of his cock with my lips. But the instant that I feel the skin of his cock on my lips, I am swept up in an overpowering need and I engulf the entire organ. I feel the head of his cock press against my throat and I squeeze the shaft in my mouth. I release my own cock from my hand in the nick of time. So swept up in this was I that I very nearly climaxed myself. I am clenching furiously between my legs. But I have him in my mouth. I moan loudly as I hold his cock in my mouth, squeezing on it, milking it with my mouth. I taste his semen on the skin of his cock, the remains of his recent ejaculation. I moan with passion, knowing that my supplication will bring him to spew his climax into my mouth. In time. But before then, I can enjoy this magnificent cock at my leisure. I slowly slide my lips off of his cock, teasing the bottom of the shaft with my tongue. I withdraw completely off of the cock and gaze upon it, gleaming in front of me from the wetness of my mouth, throbbing in front of me. I look up at him and find him looking down, watching me. I slide my lips slowly over the head of his cock, pressing on the skin. I feel him stiffen in pleasure. I hold the head of his cock in my mouth, sucking on it, lapping with my tongue. 

I grip his ass cheek with one hand, the other wrapped around my own raging erection. I pump on my cock while I squeeze his ass cheek with my hand. The muscles of his slim ass are hard to my touch. I slid my lips up and down on his cock, reveling in the hardness of his shaft. Slowly up and down with my lips on the shaft. I reflect that I could do this all day, kneeling in front of this boy with his slim strong body, and this expression of young manhood jutting out, to be supplicated upon, by me, on my knees in front of him, sucking on his cock, swallowing his manhood, consuming his youth. I am pumping up and down on my own cock shaft while I have him in my mouth. I can feel my own climax, just off to the side, to be summoned at a moment's notice. And I know fully when that moment will arrive. I slide my lips down the length of his organ; feel the head press on the opening to my throat. I hold him there for a moment, just at the entrance to my throat, throbbing in my mouth. I take a deep breath, and I push, forcing the head of his cock into my throat. I hear him above me taking in a great inhalation as the sensation of this reaches his brain. I press my face against his belly. I squeeze on his ass cheek and draw him forward. Such is my passion that I want to swallow him whole. I hold him there for a long moment, imbedded in my throat, pumping on my cock shaft between my legs. 

I moan loudly in ecstasy as we remain joined, my mouth full of his magnificent cock, kneeling in front of him, supplicating on his organ. I draw off, taking in a great breath of air. And then immediately slam my face back against his belly, his cock sliding back into my throat. I feel him clenching in my throat, and I hear him above me, moaning in pleasure. I feel his hand on my head. I pump on my cock, my climax rapidly approaching. I slide back off of his cock and begin furiously sucking on his shaft. I press my lips on the organ, just below the head, swirling my tongue over the head of his cock. I suck, enthusiastically, up and down on the shaft. The room fills with the sounds of my noisy wet cock sucking. I feel him stiffen in my mouth and know that his climax is just a few seconds away. I grip his ass cheek and encourage him to thrust his hips. He puts both his hands on my head and begins thrusting energetically, fucking his cock into my mouth. I pump on my cock between my legs. I hear him groan loudly above me, his hips thrusting frantically, mindlessly, in desperation to pump out his agonizing load of semen. And I offer the repository of my mouth, kneeling there in front of him with my lips pressed on his shaft, waiting for his glorious gift. 
