 Chapter 22. 

In which our hero enjoys an afternoon delight. 

It is Sunday afternoon and the last lap of the race has just started. Two of my teammates are behind me and we are in the lead group of twenty or so. Our sprinter is the last in line. My job is to keep us near but not at the front until we are within the last mile before the finish line. My legs are beyond burning as the pace of the race has been brutal. But we have a chance to win if we can stay with this group for this last lap. My legs feel numb, but there are still seven miles to go in the race, and then six, and five. Finally we are on the last mile and the real race begins. The other teams and riders weave back and forth with clear gaps in front of me opening and closing. My objective now is to accelerate through a gap so that the sprinter can be launched with a clear path to the finish line. But it must be the correct gap. Choose too early and we will be overtaken by others, too late and the sprinter won't be able to accelerate fast enough to reach the line for the win. So I bide my time, allowing gaps to open and close, my two teammates locked on my wheel, trusting me implicitly. All I can see are male hips in front of me, all working frantically to pump on pedals. I wait until I judge the distance to the line at two hundred yards and give it everything I have, accelerating through a gap that has opened. We break free and I continue for another fifty yards when I pull off out of the way. My two teammates rocket by me and my job is over; I can coast to the finish, completely spent from the effort. It is impossible to see who actually wins in the confusion of weaving bikes and straining riders. But eventually I see a familiar jersey with arms raised high in a victory salute and know that we have won. Later over a beer we reprise the race, each of us contributing our perspective. I love my teammates and the sport of bicycle racing. It is great fun when we win and less fun when we do not. But it is always fun. And how else can one enjoy so much fun while at the same time enduring so much painful effort. 

I finally get home, shower, have some food, and take a desperately needed nap. I expect Thad to arrive around six and so a well-deserved refresh is in order. As always after a tiring ride and some food, I quickly and easily fall asleep. I am fortunate today in that I am not plagued by leg cramps and I sleep soundly for two hours. I waken, groggy from the sleep and the effort, and hungry again. In my late twenties I have retained a skeletal bicycle racing physique, due principally to the calories burned and the starvation diet, both necessary to maintain the power to weight of elite riders. So my hunger is quenched by a chocolate flavored coffee and some fruit and the anticipation of what is to come tonight, several hours alone with Thad the magnificent, eighteen years old and tirelessly erect and full.

Thad arrives a few minutes early and we greet warmly. I am finishing my coffee and fruit and I describe my day and the bicycle race. My companion is interested and asks questions about the details of bicycle racing. He then tells me about his big game the day before. Alas they lost, Thad playing wide receiver and having little to do with the outcome, much to his dismay. But he is philosophical about both his role and the relative skills of his team. And of course he will soon leave behind high school with no expectation of a college sports career. I suggest that he consider taking up bicycle riding as both an excellent exercise and something that he may enjoy. We discuss the requirements in general terms and I offer my assistance in a getting started effort. 

Soon enough I finish my refreshment and we have the evening before us. There is no point in coquetry and so I suggest that we retire to bed. Thad ascents immediately and as he turns, I see that my invitation is precisely what he had in mind, his arousal more than evident. We move to the bedroom and both of us undress. There is nothing that either of us has not seen and so this proceeds with little awkwardness. But each time I see him I am struck that he is even more breathtakingly beautiful than I remembered. And the current vision does not disappoint. I see that he is aroused as he undresses, more or less without embarrassment, and as he stands there in front of me fully erect I am almost speechless with admiration and desire. We are on opposite sides of the bed looking at each other and without words, we enter the bed together. This occasion and the leisure of several hours mean that there is no fear of an early completion spoiling the fun. In fact, my entire objective is to enjoy him to the fullest, and on this occasion that means his departure with completely empty balls.

We embrace with mutual erections between us, each stabbing the other in the belly. We spend some time touching, stroking, and caressing of limbs and hips. By more or less unspoken agreement, the cocks are off limits for the moment although clearly not forgotten as his probing against me makes his interest all too clear and my own remains in a similar state of arousal. The touching and cuddling do much to evaporate any tension or awkwardness and soon enough we both arrive at a state of relaxation. We are both hard and our cocks touch more than occasionally as we lay together. I reach my hand down can gather both of the organs, squeezing them together. The touch of my cock on his is electrifying and I clench as we rub. I feel Thad stiffen and jerk as the two cocks rub together. It is sublime to lie here like this with our two cocks rubbing together, my shaft rubbing on top of his, his on top of mine, and rolling them around each other. I glance at Thad and find him staring down at our cocks, mesmerized by the sight. And to be sure the vision and the sensation of the two cocks rubbing together is electrifying.

Thad moves his hand to our two cocks and displaces mine. He squeezes the cocks together and I thrust my hips, fucking my cock against his. He brings his other hand down and wraps both around our two cocks. We both thrust our hips, our cocks held in place by his hands, rubbing together. We both begin to lubricate and leak and as the juice gets smeared over our organs, the sensations become voluptuous. I slide my hand under his hip and at the same time roll on my back so that he is on top of me straddling my hips. I displace his hands with my own and wrap fingers around each of the shafts. I rub the cocks together, the sweet spot on mine caressing the underside of his shaft, lubricated by our leaking juice. I feel his cock stiffen while we rub together. 

And to be sure, my own stiffens as it is difficult to see how this could be more pleasurable. I rub the hard cocks back and forth across each other, holding each shaft with my fingers. I am looking down at the two cocks rubbing, my breath almost taken away at the beauty of the vision; the two cocks rock hard, jutting out from our flat bellies, his balls laying on mine. I look up at him and his eyes are closed, the look on his face one of beatific ecstasy. I press the cock shafts together more firmly and rub them together, aided by the now abundant lubrication. Thad begins to shake, his hips trembling. I look up at him and his face is twitching, his approaching climax more than apparent. I tell him to tell me when he is going to cum, and at the same time, I rub our cocks together harder and faster. I look up at him and see the muscles in his face and neck working, the pleasure of all of this fully upon him. He is straddling my hips and so we are in close contact. I can feel him shaking with pleasure. His hips tremble and I hear him gasp that he is going to shoot. And at that instant I feel his organ give a great lurch and I see a blast of semen burst out of the tip of his cock and fly up in the air. The semen lands on my face and hair and my chest. This is followed immediately by a second powerful burst of semen. This also splashes on my face and chest. And then a third and fourth and fifth, each diminishing only very slightly in volume and force and each splashing on my face and chest. I wrap my hand around his cock shaft and pump vigorously on it to which Thad responds with a series of oh, oh, oh. Through the semen blotting my eyes, I watch his cock as I pump on it with my hand, a small puddle of semen forming on my belly under the head of his cock. Eventually his ejaculation ends and I am covered with his cum from my hips to the head of the bed. 

I look up at him and his face is twitching in the aftermath of his great climax. To be sure, it was spectacular to watch, his beautiful organ spewing out powerful bursts of semen in great spasms. I reach up and wipe the semen out of my eyes. I press his cock against my belly and rub it in the semen on my skin. He murmurs in pleasure as I press down hard on the shaft, squeezing the last of the semen and pleasure from his organ. Eventually his shaking fully subsides and he rolls off of me, lying next to me on the bed on his side. I look down and see his full but no longer rigid organ pulsing. He is breathing hard from the great effort, the huge climax clearly taking a toll. I reach for a towel and attempt some measure of cleanup, wiping off the deposits of semen from my hair, face, chest, my hands, and my own cock, still firm and covered in his juice. I roll over on my side and face him. We embrace warmly and entangle arms and legs to increase body contact. His breathing gradually slows and eventually there are great exhalations of post climax bliss. 

We are both still full, he apparently never deflating although he has lost the rigidity of his pre-climax erection. And I am hard as I have not climaxed. I would have done so had the cock rubbing continued for a few more minutes. He inquires and I relate this reassuring information to him. We lay closely locked together for some time, exchanging the odd question and answer but mostly just enjoying the intimacy of the moment, a pleasant change from the non-intimacy of my usual anonymous male sex engagements. I slide my hands over his shoulders and back and his ass cheeks. I marvel again at the beauty of his body, slim but with a strong musculature subtly evident under the smooth skin. My own cock is hard and pressed against his belly. I occasionally clench against him as I am fully aroused. Eventually he pushes back a bit to provide some space between us and moves his hand down, wrapping his fingers around my cock shaft. The touch of his fingers on my organ is wonderful and I murmur in pleasure as he grips my shaft. 

He rolls me onto my back and moves his head down to rest on my chest. My cock is rock hard, just in front of his face. He teases my cock with his fingertips, watching it quiver in arousal. This goes on for some time, his leg draped over mine and his head resting on my chest watching my cock and the effects of his fingers and hand caressing and stroking. He slides his hand down between my legs and grips my balls, squeezing them and rolling them in his fingers. My abandoned cock jerks in the air as I clench. I watch as he lifts his head and I feel his lips on the head of my cock. He performs a long tender kiss of his lips on the lips of the tip of my cock. I strain my hips up as he licks the very tip of my cock, parting the delicate lips of the opening, stabbing with the tip of his tongue. I groan in pleasure and I am straining my cock as hard as I can. He slides his lips over the head and the sensation of warm velvet on my cock is overwhelming.

I moan and strain my hips for more. He holds me there, the head of my cock in his mouth. I remind myself that he is eighteen and that almost certainly; this is the first time that he has had a cock in his mouth. This is all new and experimental to him. But the sensations for me are voluptuous. He slides his lips slowly up and down, mostly on the head of my cock. He has his hand holding my balls and he occasionally squeezes and rolls them in his fingers. His lips are so soft and caressing that it is absolutely maddening. I want to grab his head and fuck my cock brutally into his mouth. It takes all of my mental discipline to lay there and let him experiment and enjoy himself. But I provide unceasing encouragement by my moans and sighs of pleasure, heartfelt and sincere, and I reinforce my pleasure by increasingly urgent thrusting of my hips. 

He takes his mouth off of my cock and lets me bob in the air for some minutes, watching the shaft just in front of him. Occasionally he leans forward and licks or does a brief suck on the head, and occasionally grips the shaft and pumps for a few moments. But his interest is one that I share, to watch an aroused cock of another in all its glory, to watch the pleasure expressed in the straining and clenching, to compare the reaction to one's own organ. In short, to enjoy that elemental maleness, the hard cock in all its many manifestations. 

He returns his mouth to my cock, the interval contributing only minimally to cooling off my arousal. This time he does not stop at the head of my cock, his lips continuing down the shaft until I feel friction on the head of my organ. He has most of my cock in his mouth, holding me there, letting my cock soak in a paradise of erotic bliss. I am slowly straining my hips upward and as I do so, he moves his head up and down in rhythm, holding my rock hard cock in his mouth. He puts his hand back on my balls and squeezes, eliciting a moan of pleasure from me. I dig my heels into the bed and strain as his hand lazily caresses and teases my balls. I want more than anything in the world to cum in his mouth, and I would do so if he applied just a bit more pressure on the shaft of my cock. We remain there for a long time with my cock soaking in his mouth, his caressing of my balls continuing. I begin moaning in a mix of pleasure and despair, wanting desperately to climax. I feel his lips slide up the shaft of my cock and the sensation is voluptuously pleasurable. Before he can withdraw completely off of my cock, I begin thrusting my hips, frantic to reach a climax. My hips are trembling and my taut belly shaking with pent up desire. I gasp out a heartfelt plea that he let me cum, and thrust my hips in wild abandon. I feel his lips press on my shaft just below the head. The sensation of pleasure erupts into a wild surging joyous crescendo of ecstasy and I burst my ejaculation into his mouth with a loud roaring groan. I cum and cum, squirt after gut wrenching squirt as my climax goes on in a tidal wave of pleasure, my semen filling his mouth. 

We remain there for long minutes, me on my back, completely spent from the intensity of my climax in his mouth. And he content to repose on my cock as it slowly deflates after my eruption in his mouth. I move my hand down and caress his head, my breathing slowly returning to normal. Eventually he withdraws and slides his head up to mine. We look at each other and I realize that his mouth is full of my cum. It occurs to me that he does not know quite what to do, spit it out, swallow, or something else. I reach my hand out and press the palm on his cheek, drawing him to me. He does so, looking at me until our lips touch. We kiss, just touching at first, but then more fully and I part his lips with my tongue. I hear him moan as my tongue enters his mouth and I taste the semen, my semen, my cum in his mouth. We kiss voluptuously and at length, the semen flowing back and forth between us, both of us swallowing. And then it is over and we both lay back, both of us enjoying the post-climax moment. I hear him say that that was incredible, and I realize that I have shepherded a novice into the world of fellow travelers. I reach out and squeeze his hand in recognition and reassure him that it was indeed incredible. 

We have something to drink and a pee and after a bit, we return to the bed. I have some porn films and we agree to watch one. The monitor is mounted on the wall at the end of the bed and I start the film and sit up in bed, leaning back against the headboard. I have Thad sit in front of me between my parted legs, his back pressing on my chest. I reach around him and press him back against me as we watch the film. It is a gay porn film and the performers are attractive, well endowed, and very hard. We watch a thrilling 69 act and it is only a minute before Thad has returned to a state of rigidity that more than equals the performers on the screen. This is precisely what I had in mind and I reach around him and stroke and caress his wonderful cock. 

I wrap my fingers around the shaft and slowly pump up and down on it. As he has climaxed once, I feel some freedom in handling his organ without fear of a premature completion. I caress his inner thighs and his belly, mesmerized by the duality of the beautiful smooth skin with the firm musculature beneath. Of course his cock is no less captivating; long and smooth with the beautiful mushroom shaped head. I tease my fingertips over the head of his cock, stroking the sweet spot, teasing it again and again before wrapping my hand around the shaft. I squeeze the shaft gently and then more firmly before pumping up and down on it. It is electrifying to watch his cock, rock hard, jutting up from his hard flat belly. While I caress and stroke his cock, I move my other hand from caressing his belly and slide it under his balls, gently lifting and squeezing them in the palm of my hand. I find myself caught between the dual ambitions of playing with his organs and bringing his pleasure to the point of watching him ejaculate again. 

We continue watching the film as I play with my companion, at leisure to explore and enjoy his lovely body. He emits the occasional murmur of pleasure and his cock stiffens and clenches with increasing frequency. The film evolves to the cock sucking pair engaging in a frantic fucking, one of the pair on his knees and the other riding him with great energy and enthusiasm, both sets of balls flying and slapping as the coupling continues. The fellow on the bottom is vigorously pumping his hard cock and as Thad and I watch, he comes to a frenetic climax, his semen jetting out of his cock while all the while his partner continues the energetic driving of his cock into the welcoming asshole. We watch the semen stream out of the cock while the fellow's asshole is being hammered, and Thad, with a great sigh, observes that that is so lovely. And indeed it is. 

I continue pumping on Thad's cock, now with more energy. He is rock hard in my hand. I want to suck on his cock but I think I will have the opportunity to do that at my leisure later. For now, it is lovely to fondle and caress this wonderful organ. And I want to watch him ejaculate again, watch as he comes to a huge spurting climax, and watch the semen jet out in front of him. Both from my manipulation of his organs and aided by the stimulation of the films, I conclude that that outcome is not long in arriving. He is rock hard in my hand and I can feel him shaking. I have him enclosed between my thighs with my arms wrapped around him. I am pumping on his cock, now fully aroused and leaking juice. I use this as lubricant and smear it over the head of his cock. Each time I do this, I receive a heartfelt moan of pleasure from him. He is rocking his hips and I conclude that his climax is just a moment or two away. I press his organ between my fingertips and alternate rolling the shaft and pumping, rolling and pumping, rolling and pumping with my fingers on the shaft. I feel him lean back against me, his entire body trembling. I whisper into his ear that I want him to do it, to squirt for me, that I want to watch his cock shoot his cum. He groans, his hips rock and tremble violently and then a great gasp from him. I wrap my hand around the shaft below the head and begin pumping hard and fast. This continues for just a few seconds and be cums, great jets of semen bursting out of the end of his cock. The semen flies through the air and lands on the towel under us. I continue pumping on his shaft and he spews out four and then five and then six jets of cum. I squeeze his cock shaft in my hand and slowly pump, the last of his ejaculation forming a small pool under the head of his cock. He leans back into me sighing in pleasure, his body only slowly subsiding from the intensity of his shattering climax. 
