 Diary of a Cock Sucker. Chapter 23. 

In which our hero enjoys sweet dreams.

I waken with a start. The room is dark and silent. And then I feel Thad behind me and the reason why I have woken. His erection is hot and urgent, pressing against me. He has his arm around me, his belly and chest pressing against my back. I feel his cock throbbing and it is all too clear that he wants me again. Thad fully aroused behind me, eighteen years old and his first sexual outlet. He wants sex all the time. And who can blame him. I was eighteen when I had my first sexual outlet and I thought I had finally given up masturbating forever, wanted to fuck all the time. And that is what this is all about. He wants to fuck me again. In a flash I recall the evening leading to this moment, the first time he has slept over. Besides the delightful opening cock rubbing effort where he ejaculated like a fire house, he fucked me energetically on the couch, and then again when we went to bed. And now he wants to fuck again. To have him here with me was my choice so I can hardly deny him. 

I reach between my legs and guide the head of his cock to my rectum. I feel him push and he slides in. I hear him groan in pleasure. He has one arm pressed on my back, his fingers wrapped around my shoulder, and the other hand on my hip to hold me in place. When he slides in all the way, he grips me tightly and I feel him shudder with pleasure. I wonder how long he has laid there thinking about this with his cock hard and tormenting him, no return to sleep until he ejaculates. I recall many times finding myself in the same state, sometimes gratefully finding the woman I was sleeping with receptive and occasionally joining me in a shuddering climax, and other times, silently masturbating off so that I could get back to sleep. Thad slides his hand around me and finds my cock. I am impressed that it occurs to him to offer that I join him. But I do not need to do it again now so I slide my hand over his and draw it up to press on my belly. I tell him to do it, do it hard, that I want him to fuck me hard. He moans loudly and begins fucking energetically, driving his cock into me with considerable force, his belly slamming against my ass. I know exactly how he feels. I have been in his place. This is not a time for delicacy. This is a time to empty his balls into a willing and cooperative partner. 

To that end, Thad applies himself with energy, long driving thrusts of his hips, his rigidly hard cock plunging into me. He is moaning with pleasure. I feel him begin to shake as he thrusts, his climax clearly approaching. I urge him on, do it I tell him, don't stop, fuck me hard. These words of encouragement register in his brain and he groans loudly, lunging into me, his hips trembling. I feel his hands grip me strongly and he bellows, his hips shaking uncontrollably, and he slams in a final time. I feel him climax inside me, his bursting cock clenching strongly again and again and again. He slowly relaxes as his climax comes to a conclusion. Finally a great shuddering exhalation and it is over. We both relax and his grip on me softens. He holds me closely and I feel his breath on my shoulder. I reflect that it has been just a few minutes since I woke up. I feel him jerk as he drifts off to sleep, the torment of his desire slacked for the moment. He holds me in his arms and eventually I drift back off to sleep myself. 

I wake and it is morning. I have a business trip, a conference in Minn*** to attend and I depart on a flight later today. Thad is asleep as I shower and complete my morning ablutions. I note with some surprise that I am actually a bit tender, an outcome of Thad's energetic attentions. I reflect not for the first time that I need to think through all of this, the male lover and the intrusion into my life. I complete consuming some food and I am sipping a second blueberry coffee, looking out the window at the bright sunshine, when Thad makes his morning appearance in the kitchen. He takes my breath away yet again, dressed only in an open shirt, his elegant slim body subtly rippled with musculature. And of course I cannot overlook that magnificent cock. We chat as he eats, voraciously as only a young man of his age can manage without turning to fat. And there is very little fat on his magnificent body.

He helps me clean up and the kitchen is soon put in order. We have been moving past each other in the confined quarters and occasionally touching. He leans against the kitchen counter as I complete the last task and I turn and look at him. He is half full but I don't care. I want him. I stand in front of him looking at his beautiful face. I reach up and push the shirt off of his shoulders. He has his hands on the counter behind him, just standing there in front of me, waiting and expectant. His cock begins to swell as it becomes clear to him that I am going to suck him off. I have sucked him off perhaps a dozen times in the last month that I have been seeing him. But the enthusiasm does not seem to have ebbed for either of us. I put my hands on his chest and caress. His skin feels like velvet, soft and warm but the texture under the skin is hard and powerful. I feel his heart beating under my hand. I feel the head of his cock brush against me as he has become fully erect. 

I kneel in front of him, my hands sliding down his belly, his magnificent erection throbbing in front of me. I lean forward and caress the organ with my face, rubbing my cheeks on the shaft. His cock feels electrifying on my skin. I rub my cheeks on it, one cheek, and then the other, rubbing the shaft all over my face. His balls are hanging down loosely between his legs. I bend down and rub my face on them. I have my hands on the front of his thighs, pushing his legs apart. I lift his balls with my face; they roll back and forth over my face, his great cock jutting out above me. I am mesmerized by his body. I open my mouth and engulf one of his balls, sucking very gently on it. I lick, teasing the skin of his balls with my tongue. I suck on both of his balls, his cock resting on my cheek. I feel it throbbing there on my face, beckoning to me. I lean back and look at his cock, throbbing and alive in front of me, waiting for my supplication, for my mouth to pay homage. 

I lean forward, intending to tease the head of his cock. But again I am overwhelmed, engulfing his magnificent organ at the first touch on my lips. I take him in my mouth, filling my mouth and my senses with his cock, moaning in pleasure before him, sucking on his cock. I draw slowly off the shaft, my lips pressing on the skin, the taste of him flooding through me. I taste the first essence of him on my tongue, unmistakable now after these many times, his essence, unique, the taste of him that I cannot ever get out of my mind. I lap the underside of his cock with my tongue, licking him, supplicating in front of him on my knees and licking his cock. I slide my hands up over his hard flat belly, rubbing my palms on the skin, my fingers touching and caressing. I slide my hands around his hips and grip his ass cheeks. I squeeze them in my hands, rock hard in my hands. I moan again, impossible that I can be so aroused like this, for his cock, in my mouth. I want this to go on forever, on my knees, his hard cock in my mouth.

I feel his hand on my head, holding me in place. He begins thrusting his hips, fucking his cock into my mouth. I moan again, press my lips on the shaft as it slides in and out. I realize that I want him to fuck my mouth, to use my mouth as an adoring receptacle for his magnificent organ. My tongue cradles the shaft as it slides in and out of my mouth. I want my mouth to be perfect for him, for his cock, to provide pleasure to his cock. I lick the underside of his cock as he fucks my mouth. I hear him moan and I feel a thrill of pleasure race through me, knowing that my mouth is providing him pleasure. I strain to look up at him as his cock slides in and out of my mouth. We make eye contact and he adds a second hand, holding my head. We look at each other and recognition and understanding flow between us. He increases his pace and fucks, fucks his erection into my mouth. We acknowledge that he is going to ejaculate in my mouth, use my mouth for the pleasure of his cock. I am moaning and shaking in front of him, such is my arousal. I squeeze my lips on his shaft, tease the underside, and wait, the pleasure all his to take at his leisure. 

I see the muscles in his face working as he thrusts his cock into my mouth. I can feel him begin to shake and know that it is only a moment. I moan again in rapture that I have this beautiful cock in my mouth, fucking my mouth, preparing to flood my mouth with his semen, my lover's semen, my male lover's semen. I grip his ass cheeks and urge him, fuck harder, faster, thrust the cock into my willing mouth, let me supplicate fully and completely. His hips shake violently and his thrusting ceases. I know this is the moment. I wait for his ejaculation. A long moment passes with his hips shaking uncontrollably. And then a powerful blast of his semen jets into my mouth. I jerk involuntarily at the first burst of semen, immediately followed by a second jet of his cum. I moan loudly as he pumps another blast of his cum in my mouth. I move my hands to his balls, frantically squeezing and milking them, urging him to give it all to me. He clenches again and again, emptying his balls into my mouth. I hold him there, on my knees in front of him, his cock pulsing in my mouth, the last of his ejaculate flowing onto my cradling tongue. 

We remain joined for long moments, reposing on his cock as his climax comes to a conclusion. I am in no hurry to move, content to hold his slowly deflating cock in my mouth, bathing in his semen. My mouth is filled with his cum, the now familiar faint nutty flavor. He pushes my head away, his deflated cock flopping down my chin. I look up at him in profound adoration, and I swallow his cum. 

Several hours later I am in my seat on the airplane, on the way to my conference, away for a week with no Thad, no S**, and no bicycles. As I sit there looking out at the clouds, I reflect back on the last month. I have seen Thad three or four times each week. When he has access to a car, he comes to my apartment, once or twice per week. Yesterday was the first time he slept over. The other times I have picked him up in my car and we have gone to the parking garage, except for the first time in the video booth. I reflect that I have not been back to the video shop since that day with Thad. In the car it is handjobs and blowjobs, always a blowjob and either a handjob or a second blowjob. When he comes to my place, he wants to fuck, early and often. What else would he want at his age with access finally to a sexual outlet? I reflect on this morning. I get hard thinking about sucking him. He is nothing if not a diligent lover. I pang over that reference; lover, male lover, I have a male lover. 

And then there is S**. She is a very nice woman and a good companion with whom I share common and pleasurable interests. I recall Saturday and yesterday morning, club bicycle rides and then dinner Saturday night and a sleep over at her place including wonderful and fulfilling sex. I fucked her and brought her off in my mouth. I reflect on the crushing climax she reached and her ardent gratitude. And then Sunday morning, another lovely fuck followed by another club ride. And then a post ride social lunch with the others on the ride, S** more or less announcing our couple status. I felt a distinct discomfort about my life being ordered for me. We drove separately as I had to go home to pack for this trip, and to host Thad. I omitted the Thad part when we parted. 

I go back to this morning. I get hard again thinking about his cock ejaculating in my mouth. I can feel his shaft in my mouth, the taste of his cum in my mouth. When he was done, he reached down and pulled me up, turned me around to lean against the counter. He pulled my slacks down and my cock sprang out, wet from my leaking. I watched as he knelt in front of me and took my cock in his mouth. I gasped in pleasure as he sucked on me, deeply and with passionate enthusiasm. I felt my cum bubbling to the surface, almost there, I could almost feel myself ejaculating, the relief of it almost within reach. And then he withdrew, my cock wet and glistening, bobbing up and down. He looked up at me and asked me if I wanted to cum. Yes, I responded. He reached a hand between my legs and gripped my balls, holding me there with my erection jutting out. I watched him lean forward, his mouth open. And he licked the underside of my cock. The sensation was so rapturously pleasurable that I almost climaxed. But his tongue was gone before I could reach the pinnacle. He hesitated and then licked again. I clenched powerfully but again his tongue was gone before I could climax.

We continued together, he kneeling in front of me, the tantalizing torture going on and on. He licked and I throbbed and clenched. He held my balls in his grip with my cock jutting out. He licked again, slower this time, a slow languorous caress of the underside of my cock with his tongue. I clenched twice and almost climaxed. He withdrew again and knelt there, looking at my throbbing cock. He looked up at me and asked me if I wanted to cum. He licked, hesitated, licked again, another hesitation, and then another lick. Well, he asked, do you want to cum? I tell him in a rasping voice that I am desperate to climax. He puts his mouth on me and sucks energetically, the room filled with the sounds of his wet, noisy cock suck. I feel myself trembling, just about to climax, I groan loudly, announcing that I am going to cum. He takes his mouth off of me and wraps his hand around the base of my cock. He opens his mouth and rests the head of my cock on his tongue. I can see the head of my cock as he pumps vigorously on my shaft. I feel the cum flooding up from the very depths of my soul. I emit am agonizing plea that he not stop. He pumps vigorously on my cock and I jet my cum on to his waiting tongue. I watch my cum ejaculate out of the end of my cock, pulse after gut wrenching pulse, covering his waiting tongue. 

I groan in an agony of pleasure at the intensity of the climax. He squeezes my cock and my balls, pushing the last of my semen out of the end of my cock and onto his tongue. I am gasping for breath and clenching while he holds me in his hands. Finally he takes me in his mouth, squeezing on my cock, letting me soak in blissful repose. We remain thus until my cock finally deflates, immersed in his mouthful of semen. When he finally withdraws, my cock flops down, my balls drained to exhaustion. He stands in front of me and we embrace. He presses his lips on mine and I feel his tongue penetrate my lips. I taste my semen on his tongue. I part my lips to accept his tongue and we kiss rapturously, sharing the cum. He whispers to me that he loves doing that, loves making me cum. 

The stewardess interrupts my reverie with a glass of water. I am hard again, thinking about the morning. I have two lovers, a woman and a man. This is not anonymous sex. I have to make time for two people. It is already a juggling act. I reflect again on having a male lover. I have never wanted a male lover. I look out the window and watch the clouds pass by. I have wanted anonymous cocks to suck, that one can enjoy and then they are gone and forgotten, like these clouds that disappear behind us. And then the smell of his skin comes back to me with such sudden force that I flush and swallow a catch in my throat. How can this be I ponder, a male lover. 

The conference has the usual meetings and presentations followed by free time before dinner. On the way from the airport to the hotel, I noted a video shop as the taxi weaved through the city streets. Just a few blocks walk, I arrive and enter finding the typical front area with books, magazines, videos, and the usual sex pandering paraphernalia. There is a door leading to the video booth area and I head for that, finding the usual warren of narrow halls and booths. There are a few men standing around and booths in use with red lights overhead. I enter a free booth and immediately note a glory hole on both sides. These have been cut and finished so I conclude that the proprietors have outfitted the rooms for the intended purpose. I have a seat and wait to see what will transpire next. My wait in not long in coming as a long white cock is soon thrust through the glory hole to my left. This is a marked departure from the video booths that I am used to where there are no glory holes and you have the physical presence of the man. Here is the very definition of anonymous male sex, a disembodied cock. I can't imagine some of my business suit engagements being able to muster up an erection to stick through the glory hole. And I think it would be preposterous to stick a limp dick through the hole. 

In the event, I reach out my hand and brush the backs of my fingers up and down on the bottom of the shaft. I see the cock clench at my touch and the owner presses forward against the wall, his cock straining for more. It is a bit surreal, playing with the disembodied cock without being able to see and feel the owner's reaction. I caress the cock with my fingertips, sliding slowly up and down over the top, sides, and the bottom. The cock is beautiful, hard with ridges clearly defined, snow white in color. I wrap my fingers around the shaft and squeeze gently. I feel the heartbeat of the owner through the shaft and he clenches strongly in my hand. I reach into the confines of the glory hole and ease his balls through. The cock and balls are like a carving on display, mounted on the pedestal of the wall surrounding them. I lift the balls in the palm of my hand, squeezing them gently, caressing the skin with my fingertips. The cock clenches again in desire. I slide my hand up and down on the shaft, a light brushing caress. The cock clenches again and again, the owner obviously aroused and more than ready to climax.

I kneel in front of the glory hole, the lovely cock and balls on display in front of me. I have my hand loosely wrapped around the jutting cock and I caress my thumb over the sweet spot, back and forth over it, again and again. The cock stiffens as I tease the sweet spot and strains forward. I lift the balls with my other hand, rolling them in my fingers. I make a ring of my fingers and use this to pull on the balls, lightly twisting them and squeezing in the palm of my hand. The cock begins thrusting through the wall and in response I wrap my fingers around the shaft. I pump on the cock, squeezing tightly and pumping up and down on it. I can feel the owner clenching his cock, the organ pulsing strongly in my gripping hand. I tease his balls with my fingers, rolling and squeezing the nuggets in the palm of my hand. The cock is lovely to look at as I pump on it, straining and clenching in my hand. I pump harder, at the same time teasing the sweet spot, using his leakage as lubricant. The cock stiffens strongly and I pump vigorously, up and down on the shaft, faster and faster.

I hear a loud groan through the wall and he ejaculates, powerful bursts of his semen spewing out the end of the cock. I continue pumping on the cock, slowing as the ejaculation subsides, squeezing the shaft in my hand. I squeeze firmly on the shaft and draw my fingers from the base to the head. The last droplets of semen flow out of the cock and it is over. I hold him there in my hand, his cock losing rigidity until he finally pulls back and I let go of him. There is semen all over the floor under the glory hole and of course I have some on my hand. I pull some Kleenex from my pocket and wipe off. And then I hear a voice observing that that was lovely. I turn and see that the occupant of the next room has been watching through the glory hole on that wall. Indeed it was lovely to watch the cock ejaculate, that beautiful long snow white organ convulsing in ecstasy, the semen showering out in powerful bursts. 
