 Diary of a Cock Sucker. Chapter 24. 

In which our hero returns to home sweet home.

I walk down the Jetway on Friday afternoon, the conference over and deliverance home mercifully on schedule. The conference was useful and informative and it is good to get away from the office occasionally, a chance for a professional breath of fresh air. The weekend beckons before a return to work and routine next Monday. As I walk to the exit, I reflect back on the week. The video shop was fun although I conclude that I find the glory hole sport less than satisfying compared to my usual engagements. I find that I like the challenges and considerable gratifications of the social interactions of the anonymous engagements, the physical presence of the other person in all the varieties; from the stumbling nervous to the seasoned confident. The glory hole experience was sporting fun, but not really to my taste, the disembodied acts too impersonal and unsatisfying. And I reflect that there are few pleasures like having an anonymous partner watch as I do him, witness the physical act of having his cock in my mouth and swallowing his cum. 

There was a wine social the next night of the conference where one of the attendees came on to me, making clear his interest and intentions, a drink in his room with the remainder unspoken but very obvious. I declined but speculate on how he signaled me out. I was not entirely disinterested but declined because I thought there was too much risk in being compromised professionally. And also because I needed some time to clear my head from my dilemmas at home, my two lovers, both demanding, exhausted testicles and nerves, both needing a rest. I speculate again on what signals I was broadcasting to the conference suitor, some gay male beacon. 

As I reach the exit, I cast off the week and look for Thad who has planned to meet me and give me a ride home. He more or less insisted and of course his motivation is obvious. It will be an early departure for him as he has the big game tomorrow and therefore curfew tonight. S** has asked me to come over tonight if it is not too late and we have a bike ride scheduled for tomorrow. Her intentions are also clear. There is the anticipation on her part that I will stay over Saturday night so there is dinner and more sweet dreams with her. Still I have been more or less celibate for the week and I am ready for some companionship. I look up and there is Thad, breathtakingly gorgeous. I am taken aback yet again with his beauty. Each time I see him I find it impossible to believe he can be so attractive, the physical presence of him, the subtle shyness, the way his clothes hang on his slender frame, the seemingly effortless ease of his movements, all this and more. I swallow a catch in my throat and smile a greeting. 

We greet warmly with shoulder hugs and proceed to the car park. We trade information and anecdotes about the week just passed, I talking about the conference and the host city, and Thad filling me in about his exhaustive week of school and practice in preparation for tomorrow. He has applied to colleges and so there is a flood of communications and visits and he rattles on for some time about plans for the future. We arrive at the car in the parking garage and I deposit my roller bag in the trunk. That completed, we embrace with a warm hug that goes on for some minutes. I perceive that Thad has not lost his enthusiasm for me as his interest is poking against me. We disengage and get into the car. I look at him and find him tenting. Almost as a joke, I ask if he can make it to my apartment without bursting his pants. He looks at me in complete seriousness and answers with an emphatic no. Apparently taking, or at least hoping, my remarks were an invitation, he pulls his zipper down. His cock bursts forth and I see that he is leaking and his organ is quivering. 

We are parked against a wall and reasonably secluded, I assume by his careful choice. I can also assume that he has been thinking about this for some time. I lean over and put my head in his lap. I open my mouth and take his cock, pressing my lips on the shaft. The instant that he feels my lips on the shaft, he emits a shuddering moan of pleasure, putting his hands on my back, pressing forcefully down. His cock is almost vibrating in my mouth and I conclude that he will probably ejaculate within seconds. I let him soak and just hold him there in my mouth with no friction other than my lips just touching the shaft. He emits a soulful gasp of pleasure and exclaims that it feels oh so good and that he has been looking forward to this for days. He adds a series of soulful oh, oh, oh. And he adds an emphasis to this by arching his hips up to get more of his cock into my mouth. So I conclude that, like me, he has given it a rest this week. That explains his urgency, that and being eighteen years old. 

I press my lips on his cock and slide up and down on the shaft. He emits a heartfelt moan of pleasure and gasps out a whimpering plea that I not stop. Of course it is hardly like that I would consider stopping. I slide my lips slowly up and down on the cock, lightly pressing my lips on the shaft. Almost immediately his hips begin to shake, escalating rapidly to a violent shudder. I feel his hands press harder on my back, more for leverage to steady himself than anything else. He is gasping and moaning nonstop and his cock is rock hard in my mouth. He cries out that he is going to cum and he goes rigid. I continue on, sliding my lips up and down on the shaft, knowing that he is in the throes of the most intense pleasure. A long keening wail comes from him and his cock bursts in my mouth, his semen jetting out in copious squirts that go on and on. I moan, holding his cock in my lips as the semen floods my mouth. His shudders continue for long moments as he completes his ejaculation in my mouth. Eventually I feel him relax as the climax comes to an end and he punctuates this with a long exhalation, I guess more from relief that his torment is over than the actual physical pleasure.

He is still full but as has been my experience with him, the subtle loss of rigidity of his organ signals the end of his climax. I withdraw and sit up, looking at him. I have been careful on my withdrawal not to make a mess as my mouth is more than full of his semen. I swallow as we look at each other and with the taste of him full in my mouth I observe that it is clear that he missed me. He did, he confirms, and he adds that that felt so wonderfully good, adding a heartfelt thank you and it was a great relief. We set off for my apartment, chatting about my flight, the city that hosted the conference, and about the conference itself. We arrive at my apartment and with no need for an invitation, Thad follows me in. There are the usual travel details of the accumulated mail and the roller bag to be dealt with. But I look up at him and find him expectant. No words are required.

A few minutes later and we are naked in bed together, a tangle of arms and legs, Thad on top of me. As I anticipated, the tryst in the car only took the edge off of him and his enthusiasm for a fuck is in full flood. I am obviously going to give him what he wants. The idea of objecting or refusing is absurd. But my views and emotions about the act that is surely going to take place very soon, and the larger issue of my male lover dilemma are unresolved. So I am conflicted, I want him and any act that he wants or that I want is okay, but I do not want a male lover. In the immediate, he reminds me of why I want him. It would have been perfectly understandable if he just commenced to a fuck. I would have been a willing participant and it is possible that I would have been sufficiently swept up in the act to reach a climax myself as it has happened before. But having had the edge taken off, he now sets about a deliberate effort to pleasure me; his own objective delayed or put off. 

We caress, kiss, and press together for some time. Thad is on top of me and I have the freedom of my arms and hands to touch him and guide his movements where I like. We are both erect and I spend a good deal of time with my hands on his back and his ass. He possesses beautiful skin, soft and warm yet with that amazingly firm musculature. His ass cheeks are delicious to hold and I cup and squeeze them in my hands, using them as handles to move him around on top of me. What I expect is that he will eventually mount me and that this pleasantry is all a prelude to that end point. He kisses and licks my neck and slides down rubbing his belly on my cock. This is wildly pleasant and I arch up to press against him. I am leaking so the friction is voluptuously aided by the lubrication from my cock. He kisses and licks his way down my chest and belly, all the time rolling and rubbing on my erection. I have not climaxed for some days so this is wildly arousing. He begins kissing and licking my belly which I find rapturously pleasurable. While he is at this I am caressing his head and shoulders, and before long I am moaning in pleasure and rolling and thrusting my hips. 

He slides down further and my cock is his next objective. He slides his arms under my legs and his hands on my belly. He rubs his face on me, pressing my cock down with his face and rubbing his cheeks on the shaft. He goes on with this for some time and the friction of his skin on my shaft is maddening. I am thrusting my hips, my cock rubbing against his face. I still expect him at any moment to mount me and fuck. So it is with some surprise that this is again put off when he begins licking the bottom of my shaft. He holds it up with one hand and licks the bottom, using a mix of techniques, licking the entire shaft, fluttering on the sweet spot, slow, fast, and a hundred combinations. The effect is to have me thrusting my hips in pleasure to the accompaniment of oaths and moans of pleasure. He takes my cock in his mouth and holds me there. I am propped up on pillows and so look directly at his face, his mouth filled with my cock. 

Thad looks up at me and we make eye contact, at the same time performing a pulsing squeeze of my cock in his mouth. I burst out a groan of pleasure and arch my hips up. He has a firm grip on my hips with his arms and hands and holds me down so that I can thrust upward only a very short distance. He goes into a long sequence of squeezing my cock in his mouth, short firm pulsing squeezes in his mouth that are maddeningly intense, followed immediately by releasing the pressure completely. This goes on and on, squeezing my cock in his mouth to the point that I am clenching madly and groaning in pleasure, followed by no pressure at all. The effect is a long sustained roller coaster flow of the most intense pleasure, kept just short of climax. Eventually I am moaning nonstop, in flowing rapturous pleasure at the peaks, and in dismayed pleading in the valleys. 

He takes his mouth off of my cock and I see it standing tall as I look down. He wraps one finger around the base of my shaft to hold it upright and in place in front of his mouth. He then begins licking the underside of my shaft. Sometimes it is slow languorous licking of the entire length of the organ, and at other times it is rapid intense flicking of his tongue on the sweet spot. I watch all of this, staring at my cock and his face behind it, watching him work on my organ, watching as I clench and strain with his teasing and caressing of my cock. At times the pleasure is so intense that I am crying out in great moans of rapture and I am sure that I am going to burst. But his skill is to bring me just to the edge and then back off, the pleasure falling off and denying me the fulfillment of climax. 

He takes me back in his mouth and sucks intensely for just a moment. I strain and arch my hips but he just holds me there, the climax just out of reach. He repeats the intense squeezing and sucking for just a moment. He repeats this several times, each time bringing me closer. Each time the peak approaches I moan and plea for him to not stop. Finally he takes his mouth off of me and I look down, my cock held upright, gleaming with the wet of his mouth, clenching and straining. He licks the underside of the shaft. I groan and strain. He looks at me and begins a rapid licking of the sweet spot. I feel my climax approaching again but this time he does not stop. Time seems to slow down and it is like I am watching a DVD, in slow motion and with the zoom on, the entire frame my cock straining and pulsing. I see his tongue flicking on me and my cock performs a slow motion straining pulse. I see the lips at the tip of the cock open and white fluid burst out, flying upward in super slow motion. I watch as the stream of creamy white semen arches high above the head of my cock. The upward flow seems to stop and I watch in fascination as it seems to stay there, suspended, the fluid elegant in its creamy whiteness, before it finally cascades downward. I watch as the head of my cock and my belly are bathed in the splashing creamy white of my semen. I watch as my cock pulses again and another stream of white cream erupts from the head of the organ; again flowing upward in slow motion, again the upward path slows to the point of suspension; again the cream cascades down, splashing on my cock and belly. This is repeated again, and again, and one more time before my climax comes to a conclusion. 

He takes me in his mouth and sucks the semen off of my cock. He takes his mouth off of me and licks up the semen on my belly and chest. He slides up, catching the backs of my knees under his arms. I look down and see that his cock is rock hard and jutting straight out from his belly. This is it I think and to be sure in a moment I feel the head of his cock press against my rectum. He slides his arms forward which has the effect of lifting my hips up and I feel his cock penetrate me. We both moan, for me a mixture of initial discomfort and pleasure at the welcoming intimacy of his body pressing on mine. And for him, it is the pure rapturous pleasure of a conquest and a fuck. He presses his chest down on me, my knees pressed back to my armpits, and he strains into me, filling me, his balls lying on my ass, my cock pressed between our bellies, still full. 

He presses his mouth down on mine and I taste my semen on his lips. His tongue parts my lips and we kiss, my semen in his mouth and then in mine as I accept the invasion of his tongue. I moan as we kiss deeply, sharing the semen between us, our tongues caressing. We kiss as he rocks up and down and rolls his hips, his cock straining into me. I feel it deep inside, hard and urgent, rubbing inside me. He feels rapturously pleasurable, his body on top of mine, his face buried in my neck, his murmurs and moans electrifying, my arms around his shoulders, holding him close to me. He begins fucking me, slow at first, more rocking and rolling of his hips. But the physical effect of this motion on me is electrifying. He is very hard and the rolling and grinding motion of his hips on my pelvis means that his cock is deep massaging inside me. I feel an intense pressure and pleasure the like of which I have not experienced before. It is like a wave of pressure and heat that build inside. When he eventually pulls out and slides back in, the sensation is rapturous, with an intense feeling of pleasure at the friction of his motion, the pressure when he grinds and the deep massaging of his organ. 

He begins fucking in earnest and his belly slams against me as he drives in and out of my rectum. This feel good but then he stops and presses hard into me and grinds and the sensation of intense pleasure immediately returns in increasing strength. I have my arms around his shoulders, holding him tightly and each time he does the grinding motion on me I begin moaning in pleasure. The intensity subsides when he resumes hard fucking but then he again stops and presses firmly into me with more grinding and deep rubbing and the pleasure soars again in increasing intensity. 

He slides his arms down and cups my ass cheeks in his hands. He squeezes voluptuously and lifts my hips, pressing me against him. At the same time he presses his hips and pelvis down on me and the feeling of intense soaring pleasure returns. So intense is it that I am crying out, oaths of genuine rapture, the feeling so intense that I am overwhelmed. He is groaning himself and resumes fucking, slamming his cock into me with brutal lunges, aided by holding my ass cheeks in his hands. His oaths and groans are evidence of his own pleasure. But he stops thrusting and resumes pressing and grinding into me. I am grasping his shoulders and arching and thrusting my hips, grinding back against him. The pleasure is like a tidal wave and I begin screaming that he not stop. My hips begin shaking violently and I thrust and grind frantically against him. The pleasure becomes at once so intense that I cry out a series of agonizing screams of rapture and ecstasy, my hips trembling uncontrollably, rocking frantically, desperate for this frenzy of intensity to end. 

I am emitting a keening wail of pleasure, the oh, oh, oh, oh flowing nonstop as he slams into me. I urge him on with enthusiasm, adding a god do it in his ear. He resumes thrusting into me, now with long lunging strokes. The room fills with the sound of his belly landing against me, his pelvis slamming against my ass and his balls bouncing on me. His hips become a blur until he suddenly stops and cries out, grasps my ass tightly against him, and I feel him shudder as he climaxes. He pushes hard into me and grinds his pelvis and I feel him pulsing inside me, again and again and again. His body is rigid on top of me as he climaxes. I hold on to his shoulders, my legs grasping his hips. We remain locked together for long moments as he completes a shuddering climax. Finally I feel him begin to relax, the rigidity of his body slowly subsiding, and I hear a great exhalation. I feel the weight of him pressing down on me. The sensation of his body on me is of great intimacy and satisfaction. As I lay there I think of the intensity of my reaction. What was that about and where did that come from go through my mind. We remain locked together for a long time, both of us overwhelmed by the intensity. Eventually he pulls off of me and lies down next to me. I look down and my belly is covered in wet slimy fluid. Although I did not have a physical sensation of ejaculating, the pleasure was certainly intense and I can only assume that I did squirt my juice between our bellies. 

We lay together for some moments; the room in silence save for the sound of our breathing. And then he asks me if I am going to see my girlfriend tonight. We have never talked about this and so I am surprised that it should come up now, particularly after the intensity of the lovemaking. There is little point in prevarication so I reply no, not tonight. Tomorrow, he asks? Yes I reply, tomorrow, a bicycle ride with the club. And later he persists? Yes I reply, dinner later. Will you sleep with her he asks? Yes I respond, tomorrow night. But Sunday night with me he asks? Yes I respond. And then there is silence. 

After some time he gets out of bed and I hear the shower. I follow and when I come out of the bathroom I find him dressed and ready to depart. I tell him that the evening was wonderful for me and I hope for him. It was he responds. We leave the apartment to walk to his car which is parked downstairs in the parking lot. There is silence along the way and I want with all my being to comfort him if comfort is what he needs. But I don't know if comfort would be welcomed or rejected with an angry rebuff, where the latter could portend a fatal end to our relationship. 

We approach his car and he asks me if I like him or if it is just the sex that I want. I respond that I like him very much, that the sex is wonderful, more wonderful than I could have ever imagined, and that that is because of him, my affection for him, the affection we share for each other. We are at his car in the parking lot. It is dark as it is now well past sunset, the light in the lot providing only the dimmest illumination. He leans back against the side of the car and continues with the observation that he likes me very much, thinks about me all the time, thinks about making love with me, thinks about giving me pleasure. I respond that I know. I press against him and we embrace and kiss. The kiss turns into a passionate grinding of mouths and I am reminded yet again of how powerfully aroused I am by him. I feel him harden against me and I slide my hand down over his cock, squeezing him through his jeans. He moans at this attention and we press together, kissing and groping each other. 
