 Diary of a Cock Sucker. Chapter 25. 

In which our hero returns to old haunts.

I enter the video shop and it is like greeting an old friend. Such has been my bicycle training and racing schedule and my involvement with Thad and S** that I have not been here for many months. Lately I have had the most intense craving for my old favorite pastimes, wanking while watching porn and of course anonymous cock sucking. At last I have a free afternoon and so intend to take full advantage. I am of mixed mind on what to do first, enter the movie theater and strip in the anonymity of the dark theater to enjoy a long pleasurable wank session or go upstairs to have a look around. I decide to go upstairs and have a quick look. If there are no cocks, I will not wait but will go down to the movie. As I ascend the stairs I stiffen in anticipation. It has been a long time I note to myself. 

At the top of the stairs there are two hallways containing booths. I look to the right hall and see from the lights that there are a couple of booths in use and a couple of men standing in the hall pretending to study the titles available. I walk slowly down the hallway, having a look at the candidates. One of the fellows is wearing a plaid shirt, jeans, and a light jacket. I see that he has a wedding ring on. He is obviously a hubby taking a small detour on this Saturday afternoon from his trip to the hardware store. I enter an open booth just next to him and leave the door open. I can see that he is watching and he looks into my room for a long moment. The eternal struggle ensues. I can see it on his face and body language. Do I or don't I? Eventually his balls win out and he enters my room. I close the door and we are alone. I rub my cock through my jeans and he soon does the same. I assume he has come for a blowjob and of course that is precisely what I have in mind for him. But as always, I want my encounters to display for me to avoid any questions of entrapment.

By way of encouragement, I make a scene of pulling down my zipper as I look down at his crotch. He finally steels up his courage and displays his cock for me. He has a lovely specimen, an average length with a slight left bent. And he is beautifully full. I imagine considering his easy erection that he has done this before. I consider taking my cock out and trying some cock rubbing sport that I would very much like to do as a preliminary. But my companion strikes me as the straight laced kind of guy that just wants a blowjob. I don't want to put him off as he really does have a lovely cock. Without further ado, I descend in front of him, kneeling with that lovely cock inches from my mouth. I lean forward and brush my cheek against his shaft. He is wonderfully hard. I rub my face back and forth on his cock, enjoying the feel of his cock on my face. I can smell his sex. He is already leaking and I have some of his juice smeared on the skin of my face. I look up at him and see that he is staring down at me. I lick just under the head as I am watching his face. His cock jerks strongly at this caress. I lick several more times, each time getting a strong clench from him. Finally he blurts out 'suck me'. 

I moan as I slide my lips over the head of his cock. The taste of him and the sensation of his cock filling my mouth floods through my brain. I slide my lips down the length of his shaft, squeezing his cock in my mouth. I hold him there in my mouth squeezing on his shaft. I hear him murmur from above, yes, that's it, let me soak in your mouth, let me enjoy it. An experienced connoisseur I reflect, who has the patience to enjoy his blowjobs at his leisure. No doubt that is why he is here. He cannot enjoy himself as he likes at home, the mate either unwilling or unskilled. Or perhaps he is one of those odd men who cannot ask a woman to do this but gratefully accepts anonymous blowjobs from men. I press my lips on the shaft and begin sliding up and down on the cock, slowly up and down. He is deliciously hard and I delight in the feel of his rock hard shaft on my lips. I lick the underside of the shaft as I slide up and down. My companion provides an ongoing favorable review of my work with sighs and moans of pleasure. I withdraw off of the cock and lean back so that I can look up at him. His erection bobs in front of me, gleaming in the soft light, beckoning to me. 

I take him back in my mouth and begin sucking earnestly, bobbing rapidly up and down on the shaft, sucking cock. We both moan, he from the pleasure of having his organ sucked, and me from the enjoyment of this life elemental, on my knees, supplicating, sucking on a cock, sucking the strength and manhood out of another. I withdraw and take in a huge inhalation, my eyes tearing from the exertion. He bobs and jerks in front of me, the shaft swinging wildly as he clenches. I wait for a moment to let him cool just a bit and then engulf the shaft again. Again I bob vigorously up and down on the cock, a wet noisy cock suck. Suddenly he vigorously pushes my head away, holding my head there as I strain to take him back in my mouth. The cock is clenching strongly and gleams from the wetness of my mouth. Clearly he was going to pop and wants to delay, to enjoy the cock suck a bit longer. Finally he releases my head and I engulf his shaft again. This time I slide down the length of his cock and press the head into my throat. I hear him groan loudly as the head of his cock imbeds deeply in my throat. I hold him there for a long moment, soaking in my throat. I feel him clenching as my throat squeezes on the head of his cock. 

I withdraw and let him bob in the air. I look up at him and he murmurs, 'so good, oh it is so good, you are so good'. I engulf his cock again and again slide down the length of his shaft, pressing my face against his belly, the head of his cock in my throat. I soak him there for a long time, squeezing on his cock. I feel his hands on the back of my head, pressing lightly, his cock clenching madly in my throat. He holds my head lightly in his hands and arches his hip forward. He is trying to gain that last millimeter of penetration into my throat. I focus on relaxing as his cock head thrusts into my throat. His hips thrust slowly and I can imagine that he is in a dream-world of ecstasy. I slide off and take another deep breath. I take him again and suck vigorously, bobbing my head up and down on his cock. The room fills with the sound of my wet noisy cock suck. I hear him moaning in pleasure. I have my hands on his hips and I feel him begin to shake. I anticipate that it is going to be but a moment before he spews his cum into my mouth. But he surprises me by again pushing my head away. He holds my head and his cock is throbbing just in front of me. There is juice oozing out of the tip of his cock. He must have held off by just a second or two. I watch his beautiful full cock as it clenches again and again. More of his juice runs out the end. 

It is hard to imagine enjoying a cock suck more than this. My companion is aroused to the very height of pleasure but he has the patience and discipline to hold off his climax, to prolong and heighten the final ecstasy. And what cock sucking aficionado could fail to exult in the prolonged nursing of a rock hard cock to a shatteringly intense climax. I make a pretense of desperation to re-engulf his cock in my mouth but really I am prepared to wait as long as he likes. His cock is exquisite and I watch as it throbs and clenches in arousal, his juice oozing out of the head. His cock shaft is beautifully ribbed, the shaft with a slight bent. The hard cock a sight of intoxication for the cock lover.

He releases my head and I lean forward and use my tongue to scoop up the cum running out of the end of his cock. I press my lips on just the head of his cock. I lick the underside of the head, just on the sweet spot, teasing with the tip of my tongue. He groans loudly in pleasure and I immediately engulf him. I feel him stiffen. I apply just a touch of pressure of my lips on the shaft of his cock. I press my lips down close to the base and hold still. I can feel him jerking and clenching in my mouth, both of us of the same mind, to prolong his culminating pleasure a few more seconds, hold off for just a few more seconds. He is groaning and I feel him shaking. Suddenly I feel both his hands on my head and I know that this is it. I squeeze his cock firmly in my lips as he begins thrusting his hips. He is shouting out his pleasure as he fucks his cock into my mouth. I flick my tongue on the underside as the shaft is driving in and out of my mouth. This teasing does it as he stiffens and I feel him rise in front of me, his hands tighten on my head, and he emits a blast of his semen into my mouth. I moan loudly and squeeze tightly on his cock as he spurts again and again. I cradle his cock in my tongue and let him finish with my lips pressing firmly on the shaft of his cock. 

We remain locked together for long moments, my companion emitting the most heartfelt sighs of male pleasure. I remain on my knees in front of him, reposing on his cock while it bathes in my mouthful of his semen. Eventually he begins to soften but shows no inclination to withdraw. For my part, I could go on forever. I occasionally squeeze down on his cock. His semen has a slight nutty flavor and he certainly gave me a mouthful of it. I press my face against his belly; squeeze hard on his cock with my lips and pull. He gives me the most wonderful groan of pleasure as I extract the final drop of his semen. I withdraw and lean back against the wall behind me. His cock flops down in front of him, no longer the proud erection. I look up at my companion and I swallow his cum. I moan softly at the pleasure of it all. His once proud and urgent erection is no more. I have taken the essence of him and swallowed it, making his manhood my own. 

He fastens himself up and as he turns to depart, tells me that that was wonderful. He departs with no offer of reciprocation, not that I expected or desired such. But his departure reinforces the very elemental of the act, anonymous male sex. We were together for no more than fifteen minutes without exchanging names or the time of day. And yet we enjoyed together this most intimate of acts, each of us with our own pleasure in the experience. For my companion, a straightforward blowjob and from his reaction, an exceptionally pleasurable climax. And for me the pleasure of the act, on my knees, supplicating, cock sucking, taking his essence, swallowing his manhood. I relive the moments of holding his semen in my mouth, the taste of his manhood, and the pleasure of swallowing his cum. I am more the man for it.

I am about to leave the room myself when as I turn to the door, I am confronted by another guy. He is blocking my door and he gives me a searching look. I imagine that he heard something of the final moments of the departed companion. I am unsure if he wants his turn or is looking for a cock to suck himself. I am not interested in the latter. We stare at each other for a few minutes as I consider whether to push past him. I look down and see that he has a wedding ring on and that he is erect. I decide to see where this is going and retreat back into my room. He follows me in, pulling the door closed behind him. I assume he did hear some of the noise as he is in no apprehension or delay about displaying his cock. And it is clear from the state of his arousal that he is no novice at this. He possesses a lovely specimen, long and straight with a full girth. He begins stroking his cock as he looks at me, alternating from my face to my crotch. I unfasten and let my slacks slide down. I am aroused and erect and like my companion, I grip my cock in my hand and stroke it casually. We spend a few minutes in this mutual admiration, each of us stroking our erect cocks while we watch the other. He alternates between wrapping his hand around his shaft and stroking up and down and squeezing the shaft in his fingers and rolling side to side. I am mesmerized by the spectacle of his hard cock play.

I decide to see if my companion might like some cock rubbing sport and move close to him. I urge him to drop his trousers which he completes without hesitation. We are standing face to face and our cocks are touching. I release my own and encircle his cock with my hand. I press his cock against my own and rub them together. I have a look at my companion to gauge his reaction. I see at a glance that I had no reason for concern. My companion is staring at our cocks rubbing together with rapt attention. Soon he wraps both his hands around our two cocks and squeezes them together. The feel of his cock on mine is electrifying and I thrust my hips, fucking my erection against his, both of us in voluptuous heaven. We take turns holding our cocks, each of us clearly exhilarating in touching the two organs and rubbing them together. 

This cock rubbing sport is the very essence of male sex. And here like this with no words exchanged between us is the ecstasy of anonymous male sex. The skin of his cock is warm and feels like velvet caressing the skin of my organ. I wrap both my hands around the two shafts and squeeze them together. Both of us thrust our hips and the cocks rub voluptuously together. I roll the cocks around each other, squeezing them together. Our shafts are of almost identical size and shape and the visual of the two cocks playing together is breathtaking. He displaces my hands with his own and caresses our shafts with his fingers. He wraps fingers around the base of each cock shaft and teases the organs against each other. I reach under and lift his balls in my hand. I squeeze and roll them in my fingers as our cocks rub together. As I do this, he alternates, rubbing the head of his cock on the sweet spot of mine and then switches, rubbing the leaking head of my cock on the sweet spot of his organ. Finally we each take the shaft of the other in hand and fondle and caress. His teasing fingertips on my cock shaft is electrifying. I continue to caress and squeeze his balls in my hand as he caresses and strokes my cock shaft. 

I wrap my hand around his cock shaft and take my own in my other hand. I begin rubbing the underside of his shaft across the top of my organ. We have both been leaking copiously and the lubrication of our oily leakage is abundant. I rub the sweet spot of his cock across my organ at almost a right angle. I rub his cock vigorously. His cock is rock hard in my hand. I squeeze the shaft and more of his juice oozes out the head. I smear the oily juice on my shaft as lubrication and resume the rapid caressing of his cock shaft. I am holding my shaft, almost as an anvil as I play the underside of his shaft. I can feel him clenching in my hand. He emits soft murmurs of pleasure. And how could one not enjoy the most exquisite of pleasures. Both our cocks are rock hard. The oily juice leak provides the most voluptuous sensation as the cocks rub together. Occasionally I rub the heads directly together, squeezing both shafts as I do so to milk the juice leak out of the cock shafts. And then I resume the rapid rubbing of the bottom of his cock shaft on the top of mine, focusing on the sweet spot of his organ. 

I feel him begin to shake as his climax approaches. I consider briefly descending to take his flood of semen in my mouth. But I am mesmerized by the spectacle of his rock hard cock rubbing on my own and I continue. I squeeze his shaft, drawing out a bit more of his oily leakage and I smear this on the shaft of my cock. I rub his shaft vigorously against my own. I continue for another moment as I hear his breath become ragged. He begins gasping mutters of pleasure and I know it is just a moment longer. I again consider descending but I cannot let go of his cock, such is the spectacle of the two hard organs rubbing together. And then I feel him go rigid and his cock clenches strongly in my hand, once, and then again, and then he emits a long stream of semen, the blast of his cum shooting out of the end of his shaft and across the room. I continue rubbing and he shoots another long stream of cum, and then another, only slightly diminished in volume and strength. I continue the rapid rubbing of his cock shaft on my own as his climax comes to a conclusion with a final burst of semen and then the culminating droplets that smear on my shaft. I continue rubbing his shaft on mine, slowing, squeezing his cock, all to his infinite pleasure, his sighs of all too clearly revealing his enjoyment of the play.

And then it is over, his shaft losing the rigidity of arousal. I release him and step back, leaning against the opposite wall. He spends long moments leaning back against his wall, his eyes closed and his ragged breathing eventually coming back to normal. He slowly pulls up his disheveled cloths and fastens up. Without looking at me he tells me that he has always wanted to do that but never had the chance until today. It was wonderful he reassures. And then he is out the door. I have fastened up myself and follow him out the door. I descend down to the movie theater and take a seat. Within a few minutes, I am nude from the waist and I enjoy a long absent treat of playing with my cock as I enjoy some excellent porn. As always when I watch porn, I am amazed and fascinated at the strength and endurance of the girls who do these scenes. I time a powerfully intense climax to a male performer adding the 6ith and final slow motion load of semen into the girl's vagina. I enjoy my shattering afterglow as the screen fills with her gaping vagina, the vast deposit of cum slowing oozing out of her. Long live porn. 

I have had a long and pleasurable afternoon of cock play and porn wanking. I find it deliciously pleasurable to sit nude in an open theater and wank on my erect cock. I reflect that it has been far too long since I enjoyed a day like today and that I am resolved to do this more often. I am leaving the theater and the stairs to the booths are before me. Why not stop for a moment to see if there is some sport available I ask myself? And of course I cannot resist. My balls are on empty after the vigorous porn wanking of the past couple of hours. But that just means that my mind is filled with the images of two hours of watching ejaculating cocks. I ascend the stairs and a quick glance reassures that I am not to be disappointed. It is late afternoon and there are men here who are clearly hoping for one last chance of a quick blowjob before they must arrive at home without suspicion. 

I walk casually down the hall, several sets of eyes on me. There are many sets of full balls in this hallway. There is a large strapping fellow in work clothes just ahead of me. He looks at me as I approach and I slide into an open booth just in front of him. He hesitates just a moment in front of the open door and then enters the booth. He is a large powerful man in his forties. He has the appearance of a construction worker with the windswept face of working outdoors. He looks at me and asks if I want to suck his cock. It is refreshing to have a straightforward chat. I respond that I enjoy hard cocks and ask if he has one. Without further comment he displays his cock. He is almost full but his appearance give me pause. He is enormous. Perhaps it comes from constructing large buildings. One must have the equipment to match. And this fellow certainly has.

My god I remark as I reach out my hand to encircle his organ. He is more than a handful. I squeeze and stroke the cock and it is only a moment before he is fully erect. The thing is all of eight inches with a huge girth. I wonder that he can get it in a woman and I ponder how I am going to get this thing in my mouth. I ask him how he gets this thing into his wife. He laughs and responds with a direct command. 'Suck me'. I descend and the monster is in front of me, strong and powerful in its throbbing erection. It is mesmerizing to look at. He is uncut and the head is protruding out of the sheath. There is juice on the head so there is no ambiguity about the state of his arousal. I imagine that he is no stranger to the delights of these rooms and that he has spent the day of his labor looking forward to these few moments on his way home with his hard earned paycheck.
