 In which our hero has a taste of old and new. 

I gaze out the window on a lovely but very windy Sunday afternoon. It is late fall and the leaves are blowing wildly through the air. I sip my blueberry coffee and reflect that the chaos outside matches my feelings. Thad the magnificent has just left and I think for the last time. It is with profound mixed feelings that I closed the door behind him. But this day had been looming since the first afternoon with him in the video shop. That was four months ago plus or minus a few days. Four months of a male lover and constant internal conflict. I stare down at my coffee and relive the past two hours. It began well enough, as it always does with Thad the magnificent, that gorgeous eighteen year old athletic body. We had planned for him to come over. The high wind precluded a bicycle training ride today so I called him and invited him to come early. As always, he arrived desperate for sex. Four months of meeting with my unacknowledged male lover. I estimate roughly four meetings per week. Eighteen weeks at four meetings per week is seventy two blowjobs, including today. There have been a few more as our meetings invariably included him getting off more than once, often more than twice. But usually just one blowjob per encounter; almost always the first climax, to take the edge off, like today. I speculate that perhaps it is eighty blowjobs in total, plus or minus a few. 

Eighty blowjobs. I keep running the number in my head, over and over. And today was the last, almost certainly the last. I had not planned the events of the day, but it was inevitable. He arrived and it was clear from his body language that he wanted sex. And who could possibly blame or deny him. I have been his lover and sexual outlet for four months. Four months on my knees and my back with my male lover. And today was no exception. We embraced as I closed the door and it was with some difficulty that I got to my knees with my clothes on, such was his ardor. I had him with his back to the door and his pants around his ankles, that magnificent cock standing tall, beckoning to me. I immediately engulfed him and that was the end of his struggles to fuck me. He gasped in pleasure as his cock slid into my throat. As always, he was lost to the mindless craving of his youthful balls. I reflect on the act as I sip my coffee. I look over at the door and relive the moment. The blowjob was not more than a few minutes in duration. That part has not changed from the very first time with him, the youthful short fuse. 

But the quality more than made up for the brief exercise. I can still feel that rigid organ in my mouth, pulsing, rock hard, his balls full of cum, desperate to burst forth. I held his cock in my mouth for a few long moments, my hands on his hips, holding and steadying him. I always wanted to delay his climax so that I could enjoy his cock at my leisure. But he is so gorgeous and his cock so magnificent that today, like almost every other of the eighty times, I was overwhelmed. I held his cock in my mouth for a few moments. And then I sucked him, sucked his cock, sucked on him until he spewed his cum into my mouth. I sucked vigorously and earnestly because it was fun and I enjoyed it. Enjoyed having that large rigid cock in my mouth, enjoyed his youthful enthusiasm, and really enjoyed when he climaxed. He has matured over the course of the eighty blowjobs to the point that he tells me when he is going to cum. Most of the time he would tell me. Occasionally he would forget and just pop, like today. 

I was on my knees in front of him with his large gorgeous cock in my mouth. My focus was on the organ filling my mouth, the texture of the shaft, the taste of his skin. Yes, I reflect, the taste of him, a mild nutty flavor. I feel a rush as I recall the taste of him in my mouth. My lips slid up and down on the shaft, reveling in the sensation of his hardness, the subtle ribbing of the shaft, up and down on it. I flicked my tongue on the sweet spot and got an instant groan of pleasure from him and a lovely clench of his cock in my mouth. The cock clench in one's mouth is one of the sheer ecstasies of cock sucking, knowing the guy is so intensely aroused. It required all of my patience and discipline to stop moving on his shaft and let him gain some control back. But for eighteen year old Thad, there was little self-control available however long I waited. He gasped wildly, arched his hips out, and put one hand on my head. I have been there before with him, eighty times before, plus or minus a few. 

I began sucking madly on his cock shaft, bobbing my mouth up and down on it, desperate for his cum, wild to pleasure him off. I flush again as I relive the experience. I reflect that there is no pleasure to be had that compares to sucking a cock to climax, the sensation of the organ swelling to rigid hardness the instant before it bursts. Thad gave a great shout of triumphant exaltation as he spewed his semen into my mouth, great spurts ricocheting off of the back of my throat as he ejaculated. I flush again as I relive the experience. Thad emits a copious amount of thick heavy semen. Of course it thins and diminishes in volume as he wears down through climax three or four in a day. But it was clear from the mouthful that he delivered to me that he was quite fresh. I reposed on him for long moments, his organ cradled in my tongue, bathing in his flood of semen. Eventually I withdrew, his cock still full but absent a subtle rigidity. From my knees I looked up at him and swallowed his cum, his eyes closed in post climax bliss, his cock sticking out from his belly, throbbing gently, almost in relief at finally being emptied. 

The difficulty began as he was pulling up his jeans when he asked if I had been to the video shop recently. Before I could answer, he added that he had seen my car parked outside the shop; at least it looked like my car. We have been having these kinds of conversations, jealousy and commitment. There seemed little point to evasion and so I confirmed that I was at the video shop. The implications were clear with no further words necessary. But there were further words; recriminations, accusations, my relationship with S**, and my unwillingness to commit to a relationship with him. The reality is that I am not gay. I do not want a gay lover. I enjoy the act of cock sucking. But the rest is only a path to that end. I find the aroused male cock fascinating. I find everything about a woman's body to be alluring. For my own enjoyment, I want a woman. And so he left amidst tears and unhappiness. I gaze out the window as I finish my coffee. I have a date later with S**. The scene with Thad was unpleasant but I reflect that it was overdue. I reflect that I shall miss his magnificent irrepressible cock, but I am gladly done with the drama and demands that I have no wish to satisfy.

With several hours at hand, I go to the video shop. What better way to get the unpleasantries of the last hour out of mind than with some pleasant anonymous cock sucking. I ascend the steps to the booth area and see that several of the booths are in use and there are a couple of men loitering around. But ascending just behind me looks like my guy. A bit out of shape and sloppily dressed, he has all the appearance of a husband and father escaping the chaos of home for a trip to the hardware store, with a detour here. I observe him looking around nervously and eventually going into a booth. He emerges in a few minutes and looks at the titles offered in the other booths. I slide past him with a casual touch and slip into a booth immediately in front of him. The door is open and he gives me a long searching look. And then he enters my room. The door is closed and we are alone. 

My companion stands in the room and looks at me with a mixture of what I take to be desperation and fear. I lean on the wall next to him and ask his name, more as a mechanism for calming him than any real interest. He responds that his name is Tom, real or fiction I do not know or care. Well Tom, I continue, did you come here today for a blowjob? I interrupt the embarrassed silence with reassurance that there is no reason for alarm or hesitation. I continue that I assume that he did come for a blowjob, but that he will have to show it to me. It, he asks in apparent confusion, to which I respond, your cock Tom, you will have to display your cock. A long moment of silence follows in which I assume he is contemplating leaving. I reassure again that I assume he came for a blowjob and urge that he show it to me. Finally he pulls his zipper down and out pops his cock, more or less full but not hard. His breathing is ragged and it is clear that he is very nervous. That he is partially erect must reflect how long it has been for him. 

I reach down and run my forefinger slowly up and down the underside of his shaft. The reaction is immediate in a sharp intake of breath as the voluptuous sensation reaches his brain. Yes, I whisper in his ear, I'll bet that feels really good. I continue teasing the underside of his cock with my fingertips, sliding them up and down the length of the hardening shaft. I whisper in his ear that his hard cock is lovely, so long and firm. I continue to apply a feathery teasing caress to the sweet spot and the length of the shaft with my fingers. I have every intention of sucking him off, but I want some sport first. I whisper in his ear to tell me how that feels, does it feel good? He responds with a gasping confirmation that it feels oh so good.

I assume that if I wrap my hand around his shaft and pump on it, he is close enough that he will climax in a matter of seconds. I want to keep him just below that point. I continue teasing the underside of his shaft with my fingertips, alternating between caressing and removing to let him bob in the air. He is quite hard now so I move on to my real intent. I want him to tell me what he wants; I want to hear him say the words. I whisper to him 'tell me Tom, tell me what you want me to do'. In the silence, I caress my fingertips on the bottom of his rock hard organ. Each time I touch I receive the most gratifying intake of breath and clench of his shaft. 'Tell me Tom', I continue, 'tell me that you want me to suck on your cock, tell me that you want me to get on my knees in front of you and suck on your cock'. I tease again with my fingertips and I feel him quiver. His brain is clearly in full fantasy with the combination of my words and the teasing caress of his organ. I continue with a whisper in his ear, 'say the words Tom, get on your knees and suck me'. I flick my fingertip on the sweet spot of his cock and he groans in pleasure. He blurts out, do it, get on your knees and suck me. 

I descend in front of him. His cock is sticking straight out, gleaming white and quivering in arousal. I speculate how long he will last and conclude probably not more than the briefest touch. I open my mouth and engulf his organ halfway. I do not move but rather just hold him. I immediately feel the shaft clench strongly in my mouth and I hear a great gasp from him, and then he ejaculates, the semen spewing out onto my tongue and filling my mouth. He follows with a series of oh, oh, oh as he completes his climax. It is over so quickly that I wonder if he had time to feel any pleasure at all. I repose on his organ and enjoy the feel of his full shaft bathing in my mouthful of his semen. Occasionally I squeeze my lips on the shaft and a couple of times slide my lips down to the base, squeeze hard, and draw off. To all of these ministrations, I receive the most gratifying sighs and gasps of pleasure.

I expect that he will eventually soften and that will be my signal to withdraw. But to my surprise, he remains hard, and in fact he seems to be growing in ardor without my having withdrawn from him. I speculate where this is going as I do not want to waste my time sucking empty balls. But perhaps it has been so long for him that he is not on empty even though he has ejaculated in my mouth. While holding him in my mouth, I swallow his cum. And then I begin sucking in earnest, bobbing up and down on his cock shaft, my lips pressing on the organ. I continue this for a few moments and begin receiving active encouragement from him. Yes, yes, oh yes, it feels so good from him. I continue bobbing on his cock, the room filled with the sounds of my wet noisy cock suck. The pleasure appears to be on him as he arches his hips forward. I have my hands on his hips and I can feel him trembling. I slide partially off so that I have just the head of his cock in my mouth. I squeeze and suck furiously on it while flicking my tongue. I hear him cry out in pleasure and his shaking continues and increases. 

I go back to bobbing on the shaft, my lips sliding up and down the length of the organ. This is no time for subtlety and I am not wasting any effort on elaborate technique. This is pure and simple cock sucking. My lips are pressing on his cock shaft and sliding up and down, vigorously with the desire and intent to suck the very life out of him. And my companion provides every indication of a similar interest and intent. His hips are arched forward, his cock thrust out for my ministrations, and his hoarse gasping muttering is all about how good it feels and his pleas that I not stop. Don't stop, he gasps, please god don't stop. I alternate between holding and squeezing his cock in my mouth for a few seconds and vigorously bobbing up and down on the shaft. I alternate back and forth. My companion gets in the full spirit of the moment with a mixture of pleas and commands; suck me, of god suck me, suck my cock. 

I can well imagine that he has had these fantasies with his wife many times. But here, finally he has the opportunity to give full voice to what he wants. He wants me to vigorously suck his cock and let him spew his cum into my mouth. And he is verbalizing this with now an endless stream of words; oh, oh so good, oh suck it, oh suck it so good, oh going to cum, oh, oh, oh. Finally I feel his hands on my head. I have been squeezing my lips on his shaft and bobbing up and down. But down we are on the final stretch and his hands presage that his climax is imminent. He holds my head lightly and begins thrusting his hips, his cock fucking into my mouth. At the same time I hear him gasping out, take it, take my cock, oh, oh, oh, take my cum. I slide my hands around his ass cheeks and pull strongly. His cock slides into my throat and I press my face against his belly. I have timed this perfectly as he emits a mewling cry and I feel his cock clenching strongly in the constriction of my throat. His hands pull strongly on my head as he ejaculates. His cock pulses again and again in the tight constriction and I feel his semen spurting out directly into my throat. I can well imagine that the constriction of my throat on his cock shaft is rapturous for him as he is beyond words and I hear only a strangled cry of the most profound intensity, as though his very soul is being emptied into my throat. 

I am concentrating as hard as I can to relax and maintain self-control. I am rewarded for my diligence as almost in the nick of time, I feel him relax and I partially slide off, taking several gasping breathes. I hold his cock in my mouth for a few moments during which he gradually softens. Finally I withdraw completely and his cock flops down, dripping the remains of his climax on my chin. I lean back against my wall and stand. My companion is clearly completely spent, the intensity of his efforts having taken a toll. His eyes are closed and he displays the occasional tremor of post climax. I turn to leave the room and hear him mutter thanks, and he continues that that was incredible. I leave him in peace to recover. 

I walk down the hallway toward the stairs with the intention of going home. But as I pass the hallway on the other side of the stairs, I cannot help but notice a group of either older teenage boys or young men milling about in the hallway. They appear to be together and they are huddled around the playlist of the rooms. I walk over to them to see what is going on. Now that I am closer I see that they are young men of indeterminate youngish age, probably late teens. There are three of them and there is some chatter about the titles. I enter a room immediately adjacent to them and leave the door open. Their chatter quickly subsides and the three all look in at me. Well I ask? One of the three eventually steps forward and enters the room with me. I am curious if the others will follow but they appear to be frozen in place, staring into the room. I close the door and I am alone with my companion whom I shall refer to as A.

Given his obvious youthful age, there is no chance of entrapment so I approach the issue directly. I tell him that if he wants a blowjob, he needs to take it out. A quick glance has revealed his arousal, and of course he has entered the room with me. He pulls his zipper down and, not without some difficulty, extracts his erect organ from his constricted clothing. I descend without another word and kneel before my companion. He possesses an average specimen although a bit thin in girth. But now released from the constriction of his clothing and faced with the immediate prospect of being serviced, his cock has become impressively rigid. I lean forward and slide my lips over the head of his cock. He tastes just a bit musty but the feel of his rigidity in my mouth is thrilling. I slide my lips slowly up and down on the shaft, reveling in the strength represented in this rock hard organ. As I kneel, I reflect long from the first time on the infinite variety of the male organ, all providing a pleasurable experience to the cock sucking connoisseur. 

I am on my knees, happily working on the cock in front of me when I hear a tap on the door. My companion tells that that is his friends who would like to join us. I withdraw from his cock and lean back. I rise and respond that I have no objection to company and I open the door. The other two enter the room and we are now four, rather confined in the small room. A still has his cock out, still at an impressive level of attention which does not escape the notice of the two new arrivals that I shall refer to as B and C. I descend again and take A back in my mouth and begin some earnest cock sucking. I withdraw and reach up to tug on his belt to suggest that he lower his jeans. As he complies I turn to B and C. I see that B already has his cock out and as A is arranging his clothing; I engulf the cock of B and vigorously bob up and down on it. As I am doing this, I give a tug on the belts of both B and C. I return to A and engulf his organ and begin earnestly sucking on his cock. He is hard as rock and the rigidity is delicious in my mouth. I cup his balls in one of my hands and caress and squeeze them with enthusiasm. 

I am rock hard myself as this is beyond arousing; on my knees sucking on this lovely cock while the other two are watching, wanking on their organs, waiting their turn. I bob up and down on A, flicking and caressing my tongue on the underside of his shaft. I can feel him clenching in my mouth which only adds to my enthusiasm for sucking him off. I have not long to wait as the vigorousness of my efforts take their toll. In a few more minutes, aided by the milking of his balls, A gives out a bellowing gasp, swells in my mouth, and spews out his semen in a flooding torrent. I hold still, pressing my lips firmly on his shaft, letting him empty his balls in my mouth. Eventually I feel him relax just a bit and I slide off of his cock. He remains deliciously full and his cock gleams from the wetness of my mouth and his semen covering his organ. 

My mouth still full of semen, I turn to B and C. Both are nude from the waist with impressive erections sticking out from smooth white bellies. The sight is breathtaking. I engulf C and bob vigorously for a few minutes, and then switch to B where I provide a similar treat. My own cock is near to bursting in my pants as this is mind blowingly arousing. I alternate between B and C, taking first one cock in my mouth and sucking vigorously, and then switching to the other and bobbing up and down in earnest. B has a lovely organ of average size and a jaunty upward bend. C has a breathtakingly beautiful specimen, a bit longer than average with a lovely full girth. I reach up and cup a set of balls in each hand. I lift and roll them in my fingers, teasing the skin, milking the cum in what I am certain are a set of very bull balls. I take B in my mouth and press the head of his cock into my throat. I bang my face on his belly, throat fucking his cock. I feel him begin to shake and he groans in pleasure. 
