 Chapter 27. 

In which our hero travels to distant lands. 

I am on the way to the airport for a business trip to H**. I reflect that I have never been to Texas before and I know little about the city other than what I have gleaned on television news. My employer is sending me to a training engagement. The event starts tomorrow morning and I have a mid-afternoon flight. I will have a bite of food to eat at the airport before the flight. So that leaves the lunch hour free and I have plans to stop at the video shop on the way. I stiffen in anticipation as I park. It is lunch time on a Monday, the prime hour of the day for businessmen trade. I enter the shop and nod in recognition at the clerk. We are hardly friends but I have been here enough times that she recognizes me as a regular. Of course we have not implemented a formal collaborative business strategy, but the services I perform in her shop bring in her business.

I ascend the stairs to the video booth area on the second floor, my cruising ground and I see immediately that I shall not leave hungry. I stroll through the hallways, evaluating the opportunities, looking for my ideal candidate. And then I see him just down the hall; a business suit looking studiously at the titles. I watch as he goes into a booth alone and closes the door. I wait for a bit and he comes back out. I walk past and enter an open room just next to him. I leave the door open and after a moment, he enters my room. I close the door and we are alone. 

There is always the danger of entrapment, however unlikely in the present circumstance and so as my usual strategy, I want my companions to display for me. To that end, I perform some suggestive touching of myself through my slacks, all the while staring at my companion. In a suggestive display I make a feint of pulling down my zipper, all the while continuing to stare at my companion. He has his cock out in a moment and a lovely specimen it is, snow white in the dim light, somewhat short but beautifully full. My companion has the good fortune of not performing in porn where a short cock is fatal, the poor fellow struggling constantly to keep it inserted in the unusual positions necessitated by the intrusions of the cameras and lights. Here, with me, it is necessary only that he is hard. And he is every bit of that. Here for a bit of mid-day relief before the rigors of making money this afternoon. And in my case, he is my perfect candidate, a nice well groomed married professional guy who does not want to exchange names and engage in complications. He just wants a blowjob. 

I waste no time in unnecessary delays, descending to my knees in front of his cock. The smell of his sex wafts over me, meaty and beckoning. I have done this hundreds of times and yet the overpowering sense of personal arousal never seems to dim. I have my hands on the wall on either side of his hips. His cock is jutting out from his belly, firm and demanding. The cock pulses and the sense of being alive independent of the owner is palpable. I open my mouth and it is like an out of body experience as I see my mouth approach the organ and engulf it. I close on the shaft and moan as the sense of his cock in my mouth fills my being. I hold him there for long moments, soaking in my mouth, the taste of him an elixir, the strength and power of the erect organ a powerful aphrodisiac. 

I slide my lips slowly up and down on the shaft, reveling in the hardness of the organ, the shaft modestly ribbed, and the cock head a lovely mushroom shape. Slowly up and down on it, my mouth alive as it is filled with the cock, my tongue cradling the shaft. I slowly tease the underside of the organ with my tongue, licking the sweet spot in a slow voluptuous worshiping caress. I feel him clench in my mouth as I apply a soft feathery caress of my lips on the shaft just past the head. I delight in this technique; a soft feathery caress with just the faintest pressure of my lips on the skin of his shaft. He clenches again and again as I continue this caress, clearly enjoying the technique. I am in no rush but neither am I deliberately trying to delay. I am just enjoying myself, on my knees, sucking cock. 

I slide my lips down the length of his cock, pressing my face into his belly. His short shaft makes this an easy and very pleasant technique. He has the perfect organ for cock sucking, a lovely full girth, nice and hard, and short. I slide up and down the full length of his shaft at a moderate pace, sucking on his cock, lips pressed, sucking. I hear him murmur in appreciation as my lips slide up and down on the cock shaft. I flick my tongue on the sweet spot between suck strokes, pausing the flick several times and then driving my mouth down the full length of the shaft. Each time I reach bottom, I press my face into his belly and squeeze my mouth on his shaft. I moan in enjoyment. And how could one not enjoy this. The very elemental of anonymous male sex, both of us offering and taking in unspoken words, he providing an erect organ, and I supplicating with my mouth. 

I take just the head of his cock in my mouth and bob and suck vigorously. I drive the full length, taking all of him and bob vigorously. And then back to just the head, sucking enthusiastically. And then I arch my neck so that the head of his cock is pressed in the roof of my mouth and I flutter my tongue on the sweet spot of his cock. I continue this, fluttering my tongue on the sweet spot as rapidly as I can. I feel him rise up on his toes and his cock goes rigidly hard. I hear him gasp with a sharp intake of breath and a groaning sound. And then he blasts out his ejaculation in my mouth with a great exhalation. His semen jets into my mouth in great powerful spurts. I slide down the length of his cock, cradling the spurting organ in my mouth and let him finish pumping his semen onto my tongue. I squeeze my mouth on the shaft. I hear him above me groaning out the pleasure of his climax. And once again I am overwhelmed with the physical satisfaction I derive from this, kneeling there in front of him with his cock in my mouth, pumping out his manhood. 

I remain for long moments, holding his cock in my mouth, in no hurry to withdraw. His organ slowly losing rigidity as it lies on my tongue, bathing in his ejaculated semen. I press my lips tightly on the base of the shaft and pull. He gives me a groan of pleasure as I feel his cock deposit the last drop of his semen on my tongue. I withdraw and lean against the wall behind me. I look across at my companion, his now limp cock flopping down, no longer the prime specimen. I have his strength and power now, in my mouth, his virility my own. I swallow his cum and I feel the power that I have taken from him flow through me. I stand and leave the room. We have not spoken a word other than the mutually exchanged sounds of pleasure and satisfaction. 

I leave the room, wiping the tearing from my eyes, the taste of his semen filling my senses. I reflect that I have done this hundreds of times, sucked a cock to a rapturous climax in my mouth, and yet I never tire of the experience or satisfy the hunger for more. And there is more to he had, here and now. I walk casually down the hall, men standing in wait, a few like me looking for an opportunity for a cock suck, and others who have come here to have their balls emptied. I see another suit ahead who has just exited a booth. He examines the playlist of the booths with great interest so I assume that his balls remain full. After the experience of companion one, I am flushed with desire for more. I enter the booth next to suit and leave the door open. The ballet is in full display, my offer clear, his hesitation brief, and then we are alone in the room together.

I am mad to suck and I immediately descend, my back against the wall across from him, waiting. My actions leave no doubt of my interest but I am not going to touch him until he displays, my fear of entrapment never far off. I am staring at his full organ, hidden inside his clothes but tenting, his interest all too clear. After a moment of hesitation, his yearning overwhelms his fear and he displays, his full cock jutting out of his slacks, proud and expectant. I look for a long moment, the organ spectacularly beautiful in its arousal, average in size and girth, a lovely left bent to the shaft, pulsing his interest and need, beckoning to me. I moan in anticipation and desire and move toward him. I put my hands on his belt and give a slight tug in encouragement for him to lower his slacks. He does so and he is nude from the waist to his ankles. I put my hands on the front of his thighs and lean forward, brushing my cheeks on his shaft, reveling in the feel of his hardness on the skin of my face. I rub my cheeks back and forth on his shaft, the skin of my face soft and warm, the feel of his cock electrifying, rock hard, the tip leaking in arousal. 

I caress the head of his cock with my lips, a teasing feathery caress, barely touching. But a hard cock needs little encouragement and I hear him moan in pleasure at the feel of my lips caressing the ultrasensitive cock head. I continue this teasing caress for long moments, taking the cock head in my mouth and drawing off of it, again and again, a teasing liquid caress, soft lips, warm and rapturous sensations on the head of his cock. I withdraw and extend my tongue, caressing the underside as I look up at him. I hold the sweet spot of his cock on the tip of my tongue, caressing it there as I look up at him. I see him look down at his rock hard organ. He moans in pleasure, gasping out that it feels so good. It does indeed feel good, to both of us. I am rock hard myself, hidden from his gaze but no less aroused than the jutting cock in front of me. I slide one of my hands down and rub myself through my clothes. I rub hard and rapidly up and down, moaning in my own self-gratification. I am near to a climax as I stop and slide my hands up between his legs and cup his balls. I roll them in the palms of my hands, teasing, softly milking the cum in his balls. I stroke and caress the sack with my fingertips. I feel him shaking in front of me, the pleasure upon him all too clear.

I take his cock in my mouth and squeeze on it. I moan again with rapture, my senses filled with the sensation and imagery of this rock hard organ in my mouth, sucking on this beautiful cock. As always, I am of divided mind as I want more than anything to hold this wonderful creature in my mouth, to nurture and suckle it, to provide it with infinite pleasure, at length, the cock suck to go on and on without end, forever hard and leaking his essence. And at the same time I am mad for his semen, to suck him off to a rapturous conclusion, to feel the semen not just ejaculate but to blast out of his cock in a volcanic explosion. 

I begin sucking, bobbing up and down on the shaft. I hold his balls in one of my hands, squeezing and kneading the lovely full sack. I slide my other hand around his hips and grab one of his ass cheeks. I squeeze the muscles in my hand and draw his hips forward. He begins thrusting his hips, his cock fucking into my mouth. The room fills with the sounds of the wet noisy cock suck as his shaft thrusts in and out of my mouth. I hear him gasping and moaning above, his pleasure insistent, full of energy, wanting the terrible pressure of his ecstasy to end when he explodes in my mouth. He gasps out a plea that I not stop, as his thrusting becomes more urgent, and then frantic. I feel his hands on my head, his hips thrusting madly, his legs shaking and trembling as his climax approaches. A tidal wave of pleasure and pressure soars to a final conclusion as I feel him swell and his cock goes rigid. He emits a loud gasp and the organ clenches strongly in my mouth, and then a second clench. Time seems to stand still and the room is immersed in the cloak of silence. I feel him clench a third time and this is accompanied by the first blast of his semen. The bolt of his cum splashes off of the back of my throat. This is followed almost immediately by a second splash of his cum, and then a third and fourth, the force of the ejaculation becoming less strong and the cum deposited on my tongue. The taste of his semen fills my senses, a faint buttery sensation. 

He gasps out the conclusion to his climax in rapturous exhalations of pleasure. His cock remains full for long moments, clenching again and again in my mouth, long after he has emptied the last of his semen out of his balls. I squeeze his organ in my mouth, patiently waiting, taking the last full measure of the pleasure out of him. And of course I have taken his manhood, my achievement clear, on my knees, supplicating on his cock. I savor his manhood in my mouth, the oily essence of him, on my tongue and running down my throat. I have taken it from him, never to return it, but to keep it for my own. I eventually withdraw off of his shaft. I look up at him and swallow the remains of his semen. I am beyond aroused. I reflect on this, that I could go on for hours, sucking on cocks, one after the other. 

But I do not have hours. In fact, I do not have minutes as I depart immediately for the airport and my flight. I make the flight in good order and I am sitting in my seat, gazing out the window at the limitless expanse of sky and clouds. My erection from the video store has faded, but the memory is fully upon me as I am wet from copious leaking, such was the overwhelming arousal of the experience. I reflect on the two engagements with such enjoyment that I stiffen sitting there in my seat. The stewardess hands me my water and casts a look at my tented slacks. She gives me a lovely searching smile as she moves on. I would wank off right here if I could. I almost regret not accepting a blowjob in the video shop. I reflect again on the two cocks and the two owners. I very much doubt if I would recognize either of the two men if they passed me on the street, or that they would recognize me. And yet I coupled with both of them in the most intimate of male sex acts, the blowjob, oral sex, cock sucking. I clench voluptuously in my seat. I relive in turn the final moments of each of the blowjobs, as the cock swelled and clenched; my favorite moment, that pre-climax clench. I relive it in slow motion as an out of body observer watching the supplicant on his knees, his transparent mouth engulfing the cock. I can see it magnified in slow motion, the organ clenches strongly once, and then again, and then a final time as the semen flows out of the swollen cock head in a beautiful white creamy flood, the slow motion magnifying the strength and volume of the seminal flow. My cock is a torment, clenching madly as I sit in my confining seat, reliving the cock sucks. 

I arrive at my hotel in the early evening and complete my check-in. I have a roommate assigned by the company whom I have not met. Part of our cost savings. I do not like roommates, particularly anonymous ones, but there it is. The class lasts only through the end of the week so it is four nights of roommate. I lug my roller bag to the room and fumble with the key card, eventually gaining entrance to the accompaniment of the sound of the television, from the familiar sounds apparently playing a rental adult film. I enter the room and close the door silently behind me. I slowly make my way into the room and see that the television is indeed playing an adult film and one of the beds opposite is occupied by a guy a few years older than I who is completely nude and is having a wonderful time with his erect cock while watching the film. 

I reflect that this is going to be awkward. I was originally supposed to arrive later than I have but got an earlier flight. I can only assume the poor fellow did not expect me for several hours. I have nowhere else to go and in any case, this is my room also. I am alternating between the fellow on the bed and the girl giving an inexpert blowjob on the television screen as I am considering what to do. I conclude that his handjob on his cock appears to be much more professional than the clumsy oral work on the screen. Besides, she has unattractive add-on breasts. As I am reflecting on all of this, my roommate turns and finally notices me standing there looking at him. He freezes with his hand wrapped around his full organ. Neither of us emits a sound for long moments as the blowjob on the television comes to a noisy conclusion. I look at the screen and see the girls face covered in a copious volume of semen. I reflect unfavorably on facials. I turn back to my new roommate. I introduce myself, adding that I am the roommate. He does the same and the awkwardness of this is almost laughable as his hand is still wrapped around his cock, though I observe now diminishing in robustness. I announce that I will unpack and turn to do so.

Some minutes later and I have completed unpacking my possessions for the week. I see that my roommate Paul has attired himself, including a sheepish embarrassed demeanor. I suggest that I have not eaten and we leave together for the restaurant. We have a glass of wine while waiting for food and chat about this and that. The awkwardness is palpable and so I reflect on approaching the subject so as to reassure my roommate. I note that he is wearing a wedding ring and we discuss his family and children. I describe S** to whom I am now engaged. Eventually the food arrives and we eat and enjoy the remainder of the bottle of wine, the events of the room scene left unspoken. 

We return to the room and it remains only to retire to our separate double beds and end the evening. But it is early and there are a couple of hours to kill before reaching a reasonable lights out hour. My roommate is hardly aware that I was aroused by the scene and not offended or shocked. But broaching this subject is socially awkward which only emphasizes the much more comfortable environment of anonymous male sex. The problem here is that my roommate and I have a real social connection. We are each lying on our separate beds and I decide to try a gambit by suggesting that his movie is probably still available and that I enjoy porn and would enjoy watching it. I add an apology for barging in on him and Paul adds that he expected me later in the evening and so thought he would be alone. I add that I know how he feels and that the movie looked entertaining. With much apparent relief on his part at the subject being broached, we agree to watch the film. 

The film begins and I reflect as I watch that porn has to be pretty awful to be of no interest. The current film is well on the soft side of porn but decidedly arousing, particularly with my roommate watching from his bed. Given the events of my entrance into the room and my own enthusiasm for exhibitionism, I have no concerns about some showing off. The worst that can happen is that he will suggest that we turn off the lights and call it a night. But he is hardly going to protest with a shocked outrage. 

We are ten or fifteen minutes into the film and I am fully erect and quite openly teasing my cock through my clothes. I do a surreptitious glance over at my roommate and see that he is giving a glance at my activity and that he is similarly touching himself. I conclude that like me, he is a porn aficionado. I pull my zipper down and let my cock out. My intent is to show off, not wank to a climax. To that end I tease my shaft with my fingertips, caressing the erection to much pleasure but holding the progress well below the critical threshold. I repeat my surreptitious glances over and see that he has his zipper open but he is not displaying. I comment favorably on the film and the performance a girl is providing with a cock in her mouth. I continue on that wanking while watching porn is one of my very favorite things to do and that I am grateful to have found a roommate who shares my interest as the week is likely to be much more interesting than I had anticipated. Paul comes to life and comments that he loves to watch porn but rarely has the opportunity as his wife and children are around all the time. 
