 Diary of a Cock Sucker. Chapter 28. 

In which our hero explores a new receptacle. 

I awaken early and in my usual disoriented state. It is semi-light in the room with daylight just barely evident through the curtains. I look around the room and then it all comes back to me. I am on a business trip and this is a hotel room with Paul, my assigned roommate, in the other bed. He is still asleep and in the dim light I can see that he is wearing only a t-shirt and that the covers are partially removed. His bare hip is gleaming in the light. I have always been an early riser in the morning so I get out of bed as quietly as I can and make my way to the bathroom. I quietly shower and as I stand under the streaming water, I recall the previous evening. Paul gave me an unexpected but lovely blowjob. I stiffen as I stand in the shower, thinking about the blowjob; my cock rock hard, his velvet soft lips teasing and caressing my shaft, the culminating moments of rising ecstasy. I reach down and wrap my fingers around my hard shaft and pump on my cock, reliving the moments of my ejaculation in his mouth, his lips pressed on my shaft, his mouth accepting my seed, the long post climax soak with my organ cradled in his tongue, the perfect supplicant. I feel my cum rapidly rising and I stroke just a few more pumps but let go before the moment of no return. I stand in the shower with my cock jutting out, pulsing out its frustration in the streaming water. 

I shave and reflect on the day ahead; a training day, morning and afternoon sessions, and then a free evening. I am still stiff and my erection is jutting out from my belly as I shave. Each time I rinse the razor, I look down at it, lying there on the sink, beckoning to me. Like most men, morning seems to be the time when I am almost frantic to ejaculate. I reach down and grip the shaft again, pumping a few times but not enough to bring a climax any closer. I let go and look at my cock clenching, a small drop of dew forming on the tip. I reach down and scoop it up with a fingertip, and then suck the juice into my mouth. I reflect again on the previous night. Paul turned off the light after I collapsed back on my bed so a reciprocal offer was not on the agenda. But I had a nice feel of his cock and I speculate what the days ahead may have in store. I finally finish my ablutions and dress. I quietly leave the bathroom, finding the room brighter as dawn makes its inevitable appearance. 

I look over at Paul and see that he is lying partially on his side with the sheets covering his shoulders but his hips exposed. I look and see that he has an erection on full display. Hardly surprising I reflect. I watch for some minutes as he appears to be sleeping soundly. But then I see his cock clench several times and I speculate if he is having an erotic dream. My own erotic dreams inevitably end when I waken violently just short of the culminating event. The dreams are always pleasurable but always end in the same frustrating state where I am wildly aroused, grasping to bring the pleasure of the dream back. It never works. I look at Paul and his cock clenches again. It is pressed down against the sheet with the bottom of the shaft exposed. I stiffen looking at him and consider some sport. He clenches again and I am overwhelmed with desire.

I move quietly to his bed and bend over, his legs parted and the bottom of his erect shaft just in front of my face. I open my mouth and lick the bottom of his shaft. This has an immediate effect as his shaft clenches strongly. I lick again, a slow sensuous lap of my tongue on the exposed underside of his shaft. I lick again, and then again. I hear him groan in his sleep and his cock quivers. I lick faster on the sweet spot of his shaft, just under the head. I can feel his cock clenching under the teasing of my tongue as I lick. I press my lips on the shaft and caress, sliding my soft lips around on the underside of his shaft. More groans emanate from him and he presses his pelvis down against the bed. It is clear that I have entered his dream and that he is in blissful ecstasy, his dream and I sharing the pleasure of his rock hard cock. I continue licking his cock shaft and eventually he begins thrusting his hips under my ministrations. I am rock hard myself and I reach a hand down and squeeze my balls through my slacks. I press my lips on the underside of his shaft and begin rapid licking on the sweet spot. His hip thrusting accelerates and I hear him groaning. It is clear that his climax is rapidly approaching and I speculate on whether he will awaken before he squirts. 

I flutter my tongue on the sweet spot. One can maintain this for only a few moments so I always reserve this technique for what I perceive as the last culminating moments. And in this case, I am not disappointed. He groans loudly and apparently begins to waken as his cock bursts and he ejaculates. He squirts a lovely bolt of cum onto the sheet, and then another, and another. I am pressing my lips on the underside of his shaft, squeezing it against the bed. I hear him gasping in pleasure; clearly awake now, a blissful series of oh, oh, oh, emanating from him. When I feel his pulses cease, I withdraw and stand, leaning back against the dresser, and look. His lovely cock is full and there are several streams of semen on the sheet with a small puddle accumulating under the tip of his shaft. I watch as he reaches a hand down and squeezes his cock and balls strongly, moaning in post climax pleasure. And then his eyes open and the look of startled disorientation is clearly upon him. He looks around and sees me looking down at him. And then he looks down at his hand gripping his organs and the recollection of his dream and climax flood his brain. He groans again and rolls onto his belly, pressing into the bed. I clench inside my slacks in sympathetic enjoyment of the pleasurable sensations clearly in evidence.

An hour later and we are in the restaurant, just finishing up breakfast. My companion was a bit embarrassed but thankfully not offended at my sport. He confirms that he awoke in the midst of the climax and felt my lips and tongue on his cock. He confirms that the climax was spectacularly intense, and a welcome change from the usual erotic dreams where, like me, he inevitably awakens before he can climax. Paul tells me that he has relatives in H** and so has made plans for dinner and an evening. I decline his invitation to join and look forward to a free evening. We discuss the plans for the training day ahead and Paul reassures me that he may stay over with his friends or in any case, will be back to the room at a late hour. We depart and the training day plays out with the usual corporate efficiency.

Paul departs shortly after the training ends and I have dinner alone in the restaurant. I have done some research on places to go and so I am looking forward to some potential sport. Potential to the extent that I have never been here so hardly know what to expect. My destination is several blocks walk and soon enough the glaring lights of an adult establishment confirm that I have arrived. And I see that I am not alone in my interest as there are several working girls on the street. I am hardly a prude about such matters but even so, it is a bit of a shock to see the garish clothes and open solicitation. But their services are hardly my objective and so I cross the street and enter the H** version of the den of iniquity. 

The adult video shop is the usual fare, a large room of various films and books with several racks of the usual adult paraphernalia. And of course the inevitable doorway to the video booths at the back of the shop floor. I purchase a collection of tokens and head to my hunting grounds. There are several halls with booths on either side. Men are loitering around with the odd entry and exit from the booths. In short, the usual ballet performance of anonymous male sex played out on the stage of yet another adult video shop. I spend some moments quietly observing the fare, seeking put my objective. As always, I am looking for married men here seeking the pleasure of an anonymous blowjob with no expectations of anything further; no grappling for a fuck, suggestions to leave together, or pleas for a follow-up meeting. Just sex, hot and immediate. 

I walk past a likely candidate and enter a video booth. Once inside, I see that the room is equipped with a glory hole. It is nicely finished so this is no haphazard remodeling. I speculate about how many hard cocks have made the passage through this hole. While I am speculating, I hear the door in the room adjacent close. There is the rustling sound of coins and a video next store and I have a peak through the glory hole. I can see the slacks of my candidate being lowered and a lovely stiff cock exposed. My neighbor begins stroking his cock and I spend some minutes admiring his handiwork. He possesses a lovely specimen, a beautiful bone white color with a full girth. I stiffen myself as I am watching and stand to disrobe. Once out of my clothes, I stand in front of the glory hole stroking my cock. I fantasize about my companion watching as I pump on my organ, nothing giving me greater pleasure than to show off like this, wishing only that the audience were dozens instead a single person watching me. 

I kneel down in front of the glory hole and watch my companion, continuing to stroke my own cock jutting out between my legs. I put a couple of fingers through the hole and rub in the universal sign acknowledged by all purveyors of these facilities. A moment later a lovely fat organ is thrust aggressively through the glory hole into my room. I look at it in appreciation, a beautiful alabaster color, ribbed in its arousal, a lovely full girth. I reach up and run my fingers slowly up and down the length of the underside. The cock clenches at my touch, the owner clearly enjoying the sensations and no doubt the anonymity of this act, his body pressed against the wall in his room, his erect organ thrust through the hole to be serviced. I tease the shaft with my fingertips, running them slowly up and down the length of the organ. The cock is mesmerizingly beautiful to look at, full and throbbing in arousal. 

I lean forward and take the head of the cock in my mouth. His skin has a slightly salty taste and I immediately get a sensation of the essence of him, a faint nutty flavor. I hold still for some long moments, half of his organ in my mouth, my tongue cradling the shaft. I can feel him clench and each time he does so, I clench myself in shared arousal. While I kneel with his cock in my mouth, I reach down and pump on my own erection. I reflect that this is the very height of male arousal, pumping on one's hard cock while supplicating, kneeling in front of another man, sucking on his cock. I moan in arousal. I don't want to climax and I am not going to do so as that would bring to a premature end this wonderful experience. My intention is just the opposite, to stay hard like this and cock suck.

I slide my lips down the length of his shaft until I feel the head pressing on the back of my throat. My mouth is full of his cock. I squeeze on the organ. I can feel him clenching again and again. I withdraw and lean back a bit to watch the shaft, gleaming from the wetness of my mouth, beckoning to me to return. The cock pulses again and again. My intent was to allow him to cool for just a bit, thus prolonging the experience. But if he has cooled, it is not in clear evidence. I re-engulf the shaft and begin immediately sliding my lips up and down the length of the organ, sucking on it, cock sucking on his organ. I reach my other hand up and cup his balls, squeezing them gently and rolling the globes in my fingers. And I cock suck on his organ, faster now, my lips sliding up and down on the shaft, pressing on the skin. I feel him clench powerfully and he immediately withdraws his cock. So abrupt is this that my mouth is left empty pressed into the glory hole. I lean back just a bit and look through the glory hole. The owner is standing there with his cock just inside the hole, untouched and I can see it throbbing and jerking. He must have been an instant from popping I conclude.

I press my face back to the glory hole, my mouth clearly to be seen from his side. In a moment I feel the head of his cock on my lips and he thrusts forward, his cock driving into my mouth. I hold my face pressed against the glory hole and he fucks his cock into my mouth. I have my lips pressed on the shaft and his cock is pistoning in and out of my mouth. I pump on my shaft while he fucks my mouth. I have an overwhelming desire to spray my juice the instant that he cums, just like this, pumping my hand vigorously on my shaft, and his cock fucking rapidly in and out of my mouth. I think we are both close to this endpoint when he abruptly stops thrusting and his cock rams forward, the head pushing against the back of my throat. He holds still and I can feel him clenching but he does not ejaculate. I begin sliding my lips up and down on his shaft at a moderate pace. I hear him moaning and groaning in pleasure through the wall. I consider fluttering my tongue on the sweet spot as I think this would probably bring him to climax. But I do not, favoring instead this slower pace and the enjoyment of his great shaft in my mouth.

We continue for some minutes, my companion and I, locked together in the beauty of the male cock suck, I on my knees, and my companion standing tall, offering his rigid cock to be serviced. I am in no hurry and who would be with the opportunity to enjoy this magnificent organ and an owner with the discipline and self-control to take his time and enjoy his pleasure. I slide my lips down the length of his shaft and press on the head, taking it in my throat. I hold him there for a long moment, the head of his cock imbedded in my throat. I feel him trembling and he is moaning in ecstasy through the wall. I withdraw, holding just the head of his cock in my mouth. And then I use my lips to softly caress the ring just past the head of his cock. I apply my lips to this again and again, rapidly, teasing and caressing. I hear him emit a gasping moan of ecstasy and his cock goes rigidly hard. I continue without hesitation, my lips a velvety caressing ring on his cock shaft, caressing, caressing, caressing. And them a great shout through the wall and a huge spasm of his cock ejects a blast of semen into my mouth, immediately followed by a second bolt of cum, and then a third, my mouth filling with the salty essence of his balls. I hold still, my lips pressed on the shaft just past the head, letting him finish his ejaculation in my mouth. I feel him pulsing for a long time but eventually he calms and we remain locked together, his shaft bathing in my mouth, soaking in his ejaculated semen. 

He withdraws after a long soak and the glory hole is empty. I take the seat in my booth and wank on my cock, my mouth full of his semen. I wash it around in my mouth for a long time, savoring the flavor and texture of his cum. Lovely stuff I reflect, for only the many hundredth time after I have taken a cock ejaculation in my mouth. Eventually I swallow his cum, all the time pumping on my shaft to great enjoyment. This all has no equal in arousal and I am mad to both stay hard and to ejaculate myself. I continue to rather casually pump on my cock pending the arrival of a new neighbor. I have one on the other side of my booth who has been encouraging me to let him have a suck. But that is not my game tonight. I have come here to cock suck. Happily I have not long to wait as shortly after my companion has departed with empty balls, a set of full balls takes residence next door.

I remain nude in my booth, casually wanking and playing with my balls. I soon hear an encouraging voice from next store, admiring my cock and technique. I respond by rubbing my fingers in the glory hole. In short order, a cock is thrust through the hole into my room. A nice specimen, a somewhat dark color and the kind of organ that would be characterized as fat rather than hard. I wrap my fingers around his organ and pump and squeeze for some minutes. It is lovely to suck on a cock but next to that, playing with a full cock is great fun. I pump on the shaft for some minutes before leaning over and engulfing the organ in my mouth. I hold him there for a long moment, savoring the fullness of his shaft in my mouth. The texture of his cock is entirely different, full but slightly soft compared to a rigidly hard organ. But no less enjoyable as I slide my lips slowly up and down on the shaft. The somewhat less rigid shaft encourages me to apply less force on his organ and to slide my lips up and down at a modest pace, enjoying the cock suck. 

We continue thusly for some minutes, cock sucking at the glory hole on the offered organ. I kneel in front of the hole and slide my lips up and down the length of the shaft. He feels delicious in my mouth, particularly after the first cock which was rigidly hard. This one is full and not rigid so the shaft is more flexible. It fills my mouth comfortably and when I squeeze my mouth on the shaft, there is the feeling of compressing the organ. I suck nosily for some minutes, bobbing my head up and down on the shaft. I can taste him of course, a warm slightly salty flavor of nutmeg. I am unconcerned about the progress of his climax as I bob up and down. It is just delightful to be sucking on a lovely cock and I pursue this with pleasure, entirely comfortable with receiving his ejaculation at his will. 

But he surprises me by withdrawing and then I see two fingers in the glory hole, rubbing on the bottom. It is clear that he wants a taste. I am hardly a novice at this and I am rock hard. I don't want to lose my juice like this but I reflect that I can always withdraw before it goes too far. So I stand and guide my full shaft through the hole. I press against the wall, fully expecting to feel his lips slide over my cock. I clench several times in anticipation of that heavenly sensation. I then I do feel him. But it is not the firm constriction of his lips on my cock shaft. The sensation is one of heavenly blissful velvet very gently caressing first the head and then the entire length of my shaft. It feels so intoxicatingly pleasurable, that for long moments I am mesmerized by the sensation and can think of nothing else. But then I ponder just what he is doing over there as I have had my cock in many mouths and never felt quite this sensation. 

And then in a flash it occurs to me what he is doing. He has bent over and impaled himself on my organ. The blissful sensation I feel is his rectum sliding slowly up and down on my cock shaft. It occurs to me to withdraw, but the sensation is maddeningly pleasurable, like tiny velvet fingers caressing the skin, almost no pressure, just a sweet soft caress. I hear him moaning through the wall as he fucks his asshole on my cock. I try to imagine the scene next door, his pants down and his bare ass against the glory hole, pumping his hand on his organ as he rides his rectum on my cock. I speculate how he could be this loose as when I have gotten fucked in the ass, it felt very tight. I conclude that he must be using ass stretching devices to be this loose. As I stand there with my cock inserted into the glory hole, I have to admit that it does feel good, ecstaticly good. We continue for long moments, my companion frequently stopping and pressing against the wall. I feel him clench on my shaft, an exquisitely soft squeezing sensation, like a soft pillow wrapped around the shaft and squeezing on it. And then he resumes sliding up and down on my cock, a slow teasing minute, a pace designed to prolong and extend the pleasure for both of us. 

I feel him withdraw and almost immediately the soft velvety sensation is replaced by one of complete recognition. He takes me in his mouth and begins sucking vigorously, his lips seeming to fly up and down on my cock shaft. He cock sucks for perhaps a minute and then re-impales himself on my organ. I slide all the way in as he presses his ass against the wall. And then he begins bobbing his rectum vigorously up and down on my cock shaft. I hear the sounds of his ass checks slapping against the wall on his side. We continue thusly for a minute or two before be abruptly pulls off and again takes my shaft in his mouth. More vigorous cock sucking follows for a minute or two followed immediately by his rectum re-engulfing my cock. I feel him press back and I slide all the way in. He holds me there and I feel his rectum clenching on my shaft. The sensation is rapturously exquisite and I throb voluptuously, imbedded deeply in his rectum. As he holds my cock in his rectum, I reflect that I have never actively undertaken fucking another man in the asshole. This has never been an interest of mine principally because I do not find the male body attractive, apart from cock and balls. But here with the glory hole separating us, there is no visual, only the velvety softness of the maddening caressing of my cock buried in his rectum. 
