 In which our hero has a dream. 

I am in an odd place as I can feel her hips but I cannot see any part of her. She is on top of me sliding up and down on my engorged cock. I can hear myself moaning in pleasure. My hands are on her hips, guiding her up and down, setting the pace. She descends all the way and I feel her pubes pressing on my own, my cock rigidly hard and straining up inside of her. We grind together, thrusting and rubbing against each other. I can feel the wetness of her, soaking me as she slides up and down. There is no noise save my own moans of pleasure and the elemental sound of wet cock sliding into wetter cunt. I can feel my hips straining up, searching for that perfect angle that will bring on my climax. My hips thrust up in rhythm to her pumping loins. I am going to climax and my entire world is becoming focused on the sensations of my organ ensheathed inside of her, the walls of her organ caressing and coaxing my semen to burst forth. And I can feel it, see it, the bubbling creamy white elixir filling my balls to overflowing. It is coming now. I can feel it.

I begin thrusting my hips faster, holding her hips in my hands and thrusting up into her. I can hear myself groaning with the strain of the exercise. I begin thrusting frantically, holding her hips in a death grip, fucking savagely up into her. I can hear the sounds of flesh slapping on flesh as I fuck up into her. I am straining to climax, to relieve the terrible, crushing burden of my aching balls, filled to overflowing with semen, desperate to burst forth. I can feel the wave gaining momentum as I thrust hard, straining with all my being to bring the climax on, anything to relieve this terrible pressure. I can see the semen flowing up my shaft as I thrust. Higher and higher, and I am frantically driving my cock into her, eager to finish it, to see my semen burst out of the tip of my cock. I thrust hard and then savagely again, and then a finial desperate lunge and I feel and see at the same instant a great geyser of my semen flow up through my rock hard shaft.

And then I wake up with a huge groaning gasp, my hips thrust obscenely up in the air. And I realize that I really am in the midst of a shuddering climax. But the glorious soft hips of my companion have been magically replaced with a head of hair and I look down to see my roommate Paul between my legs with his mouth on my shaft, gasping and groaning as my crushing flood of semen fills his mouth. I grab the sheet on either side as I strain my hips up to finish spewing my cum into his mouth, moaning at the relief I feel to finally have this burden brought to an end. Finally my contractions come to an end and it remains only for my shuddering to calm and for the remains of my ejaculation to flow into his mouth. I collapse back onto the bed, groaning with the bliss of pleasure and relief, my soul emptied of all burden. 

I look down and see Paul kneeling on the bed between my legs, his mouth encapsulating my organ. He is letting me enjoy the pleasure of the post climax soak, my cock bathing in his semen filled mouth. How many times have I done this myself I ponder, held the cock in my mouth long after the climax was over, reveling in the taste of the semen, my triumph in the form of my companion's emptied balls, the cock once rock hard, slowing loosing rigidity and virile hardness. Utter bliss I conclude, for both parties. I am in no rush to push his mouth away and he clearly is in no rush to withdraw. I feel him squeezing his mouth on my organ, a delightful post-climax sensation, the last small bit of semen forced out of the dwindling shaft. 

So I have had an erotic dream. We all have them of course. And usually, frustratingly, one wakes before the dream comes to a conclusion. But this time my roommate and cock sucker novitiate was there to witness my erection and arousal, and took advantage. He withdraws and looks up at me. Swallow it I whisper to him. He looks at me for a long time and then I see him swallow. Is there any more powerful or satisfying thing to do in the world than to swallow the life essence of another? I have done this so many, many times I reflect as I look at him; sucked a cock to climax in my mouth and then swallowed the cum, making the strength and power of another my own. 

We complete our morning ablutions, breakfast, and then it is off to the training class. We have agreed that we will dinner together tonight and I have no doubt that some agreeable sport is in my future. The morning training session drags on as I am tormented in an unexpected way. Rather than cooling my passions, the morning blowjob seems to have had the reverse effect. I have cock frenzy and my concentration is lost in perpetual daydreaming and fantasies about sucking cock. Every person in the room has my attention and I visualize kneeling in front of each, extracting their organ, and devouring the cock in a frenzy of oral worship. The lead instructor has my particular focus as I visualize in my fantasy stripping naked and taking his full organ in my mouth while the entire room watches. I get hard repeatedly in my daydreaming. 

Finally it is the noon lunch break. I have culinary interests not offered on restaurant menus and so make my excuses in favor of a walk in the pleasant sunshine. I head immediately for the video shop in the hope, frantic at this point, of some pleasant midday sport. On the way I reflect that the odd few hundred calories of semen will do me well for the afternoon. I enter the shop, gather my tokens from the clerk, and head for the booth area. I am astonished to see the place literally overflowing with men. Many of the booths are in use and there are many men milling about in various costumes depicting the trade of the owner.

I do not think I am going to need to waste any time on candidate selection as there appears to be an abundance of full balls in attendance. I am rock hard as I find an empty room and enter. I barely have the door closed to my room when a large hard cock is trust aggressively through the glory hole and protrudes into my room. I look down in astonishment at the cock quivering in beckoning arousal in my room. I reach out and wrap my hand around the shaft. It is a lovely hard cock to be sure; long and straight with a moderate girth. I slide my hand up and down the shaft for a few minutes, reveling in the feel of the smooth skin, belying the strength and rigidity of the erection. While I caress the cock, I release my own erection from the painful confinement of my slacks. How could one not get hard when confronted with a beauty such as the organ in front of me, made available for me to amuse myself at my leisure.

I unfasten and let my slacks drop, my cock standing at full attention. I wrap my other hand around my own organ and stand there, caressing and stroking both of the rock hard cocks, one in each hand. I advance to the glory hole and with both hands, press the two organs together. I rub them together; two beautifully shaped cocks of similar size, my own a larger girth, both snow white and perfectly straight. I press the two shafts together and revel in the luxurious feel of his organ rubbing against my own. I slide them round and round together and thrust back and forth, holding the two rods together with both my hands.

My neighbor clearly enjoys the sport as well as his cock is straining into the glory hole and I can hear his exclamations of pleasure through the wall. I continue on with this sport for some minutes as there are few things more enjoyable than casual cock rub play. A favorite trick of mine is to hold one of the shafts and rub the cock head on the sweet spot of the other cock. I employ this, first rubbing my cock head on his and then reversing the treat. Both cocks are leaking which makes this play particularly lush, the natural lubrication making the cock head feel like velvet. Both of us are making noises of pleasure and both cocks are impressively rigid from the enjoyment of the play.

But I have come here to cock suck and so I divert my cock rub play in favor of descending to kneel in front of this breathtaking organ. I release the shaft and watch it clench and jerk for a moment. His cock is exquisitely beautiful to behold, clenching and bobbing in arousal. I moan as I look at it, anticipating the joy to come for both of us. I lean forward and rub my cheek against his organ. His shaft is warm and feels like velvet on the skin of my face. I moan again as I rub my face against the shaft. And then I can wait no longer. I open my mouth and engulf his shaft, filling my mouth with this magnificent organ, seemingly made to do what I am doing right now, cock sucking, sucking on this exquisitely beautiful white shaft, devouring the manhood of another. 

We continue for some minutes in our minuet, the disembodied cock invading my room through the glory hole and my mouth paying the most delicate homage. I slide my lips slowing up and down the shaft. My lips feel on fire, so aroused am I for a cock suck. I bob slowly up and down, my lips applying the faintest delicate pressure, thus to prolong and enjoy the cock suck at my leisure. I can taste his essence in my mouth as he leaks his elixir, a faint salty and meaty flavor. I moan in pleasure, kneeling there, my mouth sliding up and down on the offered shaft, my lips caressing the skin of the cock, drawing on it, suckling. I am in my element I reflect, squatting down, my hands on the wall in front of me, my own cock rock hard and throbbing, and my mouth full of the cock of another man. 

And then I hear a voice. At first I find the noise distracting until I finally realize that the sound is coming from behind me. There is a neighbor in the next video booth and he is watching from the glory hole. Of course all he can see is the back of my head. And that is precisely his objection. He asks to let him see. 'Let me see it' he begs. I withdraw for a moment and move aside. The cock shaft previously filling my mouth now bobs freely in the air. My neighbor barks out a cry of delight at the vision of the wet slick organ bobbing and clenching in the air. From the side I caress my tongue up and down on the underside of the shaft so that my neighbor can see both my efforts and the effect on the hard shaft. He bellows out a congratulatory 'glorious' at the vision. I take my prize back in my mouth and feel an immediate hard clench as the owner demonstrates the pleasure received from my oral efforts. I resume bobbing up and down on the shaft, still in no hurry to effect a conclusion. 

But of course, the conclusion decision is not all mine to make and as I caress my tongue lasciviously on the underside of the shaft, I hear a groan of ecstasy from the other side of the room. I immediately press my lips firmly on the cock shaft and begin sucking in earnest. I bob rapidly up and down, determined to bring the cock off in a fountainous explosion of semen. I feel the cock go rigidly hard in my mouth as the owner strains against the wall. My lips slide up and down on the shaft, gripping the hard organ in worshipping embrace. I hear a loud groan from the other side of the wall. I wrap my tongue around the underside of the organ, cradling the shaft, and I squeeze my mouth firmly. Time stands still. I feel the cock shaft pulsing as I hold still. I very delicately squeeze the organ in my mouth. I hold still again, waiting, certain that he has reached the point of no return but content to delay his orgiastic conclusion and thus prolong his pleasure and my own for another few seconds. And then the organ explodes. I feel as well as taste a powerful burst of semen invade my mouth. I hold still, continuing to squeeze the shaft in my mouth. Another burst of semen follows, accompanied by a staccato bark of rapture from the other side of the wall. I squeeze down firmly on the shaft as the throbs slowly diminish in frequency and strength, the climax coming to a conclusion, the sensation of cum in my mouth overwhelming. 

I repose there with the cock thrust through the glory hole, soaking in my mouth, bathing in the caressing cradle of my tongue. The elixir of ejaculated semen together with the slowly diminishing rigidity of the cock provide a heavenly juxtaposition. I squeeze my mouth on the cock again and again, reveling in the sensation and my accomplishment. I have sucked the life essence out of another man and taken his ejaculation in my mouth. I have his manhood. And as I hold his slowly diminishing organ in my mouth, I swallow his cum. I feel the fluid slide down my throat as I hold his cock in my mouth. Glorious I reflect. 

The cock withdraws out of my mouth and the room, the glory hole empty. I hear the characteristic noise of clothes being set right in the next room, a muffled appreciatory, and the sound of the door opening and closing. I am about to rise up but almost before I can move, cock number two is thrust into my room. I gaze at the sight from the side so that my neighbor can have a look as well. I hear a bellow of delight and expression of envy from the adjoining room. I admire the cock for just a moment, supplementing my visual appreciation with a caress of my fingertips up and down the underside of the shaft. The organ is exquisitely beautiful to behold. But then what hard cock is not so. This one is average in both size and girth with a slight upward bend. But the cock is rigidly hard, an erection so hard that the organ cannot bob or quiver. Just rock hard male organ thrust into my room. 

I move toward the organ, and as I do so, my neighbor bellows out that he wants to come into my room to watch. I assent and as I take the glory hole cock in my mouth, I hear the sound of the door open and close and my neighbor has joined me. He stands next to me and I hear his zipper being pulled down. I slide my lips slowly up and down on the glory hole cock for a moment, enjoying the taste of the skin of the organ, mixed with the aftertaste of semen from cock one. It is but a moment before I taste the leakage of the cock in my mouth and I begin to speculate if the owner has any staying power. 

Hardly has this thought crossed my mind when I feel the unmistakable sensation of an ejaculation clench. This is immediately followed by several more powerful throbs and the cock spews out a flood of semen into my mouth. I hear a gasp from the next room as the cock strains in my mouth, pumping semen onto my cradling tongue. As I kneel there holding the spewing organ in my mouth, I speculate that the owner must have saved this up for weeks, such was the urgency of his climax and the volume of his ejaculation. His climax goes on literally for several minutes. Each time that I think he has finished, I feel yet another powerful clench and he ejaculates a bit more semen. I hold his organ in my mouth as his ejaculated semen runs down my throat. He has given me a mouthful and I swallow and swallow and swallow again. Finally it is over and he withdraws. I swallow a final time but the sensation of semen and the taste of him are powerful, a strong salty musty flavor that overwhelms the senses. 

I wipe the tears from my eyes and take a deep breath. The cock suck was very quick but powerful in the amount of semen he ejaculated and the taste of him. I look to my left and see that my companion is peering down at me and he has his hand wrapped around a long slim organ. I watch for a moment as he strokes himself in front of me. As always, I find the sight of an aroused cock enthralling and this one is no exception. His organ is quite long, at least nine inches I speculate, and rather slim. I marvel again at the infinite variety of the male organ. I anticipate that I am going to have the opportunity to suckle this cock and I ponder the prospects of the length of him in my throat. In anticipation, I reach up and give a slight tug on his belt, the meaning of which is immediately acted upon. His slacks drop to his ankles and I admire his balls hanging down under his jutting cock. His organ throbs gently in front of my face, long and bone white with a smallish cock head. 

I lean forward and brush my face against his organ. The feel of his warm cock on the skin of my face is electrifying. I slide my hands up the backs of his legs and press my face on his cock. I rub my face all over his engorged shaft, using my face to press the organ against his belly and legs. The feel of the organ on my skin is so voluptuously arousing that I reach down and pump on my own engorged cock. I feel his hands on my head and I look up. He is staring down at me and speaks in barely a whisper. 'Suck me' he commands. I open my mouth and engulf his cock, taking half the length and soaking on it. We remain locked together for a moment or two, no sound in the room, his cock throbbing gently in my mouth. And then he begins to fuck. He holds my head rather easily in his hands and thrusts his hips at a moderate pace. I have my lips pressed on the shaft and feel the organ slide in and out of my mouth. Usually I prefer the active role in a cock suck and most men I find prefer to relax and let the cock sucker do the work. But here I am once again reminded of the preferred intimacy of the other person, unimpeded by the obstruction of the glory hole wall. And the act I am engaged in now is all too clear a passive role. He is mouth fucking me. 

The mouth fuck continues for several minutes at a moderate steady pace, all the time with his hands gently holding my head in place. The slim organ slides easily and without effort in and out of my mouth. I caress the underside of the organ with my tongue as it pumps in and out. His balls bounce off of my chin as the cock slides in and out of my mouth. He pauses the fuck strokes and soaks in my mouth for a moment. And then with his hand sliding to the back of my head, he slowly pushes forward. It is clear what is going to happen next and I take a deep breath. I feel his cock press in my throat and then slide in. He embeds an inch or two of his cock in my throat but such is the length of his organ that I am not yet pressed against his belly. I can smell his skin. I have my hands on his hips. My mouth is full of his organ and I feel the head of his cock throbbing gently in my throat. He presses again and the head of his cock slides a bit further in. I hear him groan in pleasure and at this reaction; I also groan a soulful affirming confirmation.

He pushes my head away and pulls his hips back. His organ noisily leaves my mouth and I am left with wet sloppy saliva and cock leakage on my chin. His cock juts from his hips, wet and gleaming from the exercise in my mouth. I feel his hand on my head, twisting me to the side. I turn and see that a cock is pressed through the glory hole. His hand on my head urges me to the offered treat and I accept by engulfing the organ. I begin vigorously bobbing my head, sucking madly on the lovely article. And it is lovely, slightly larger girth and a bit short. I press my lips on the shaft and suck enthusiastically, the room filling with the sounds of the wet, sloppy cock suck. I know that my companion is watching and that knowledge only provides further enthusiasm for the act. I press my face to the wall taking the entire organ in my mouth. The owner strains against his side of the wall and I can feel his cock pulsing and throbbing in my mouth as he thrusts his hips in an attempt to get another milliliter of his organ through the glory hole and into my mouth. 

I resume bobbing my head, my lips squeezing and caressing the lovely full organ. I slide up and down on the shaft, teasing and licking the underside of the shaft with my tongue. Normally I would be mindful to prolong the exercise. But in this case, I have no thoughts other than to thoroughly enjoy the organ in my mouth and to bring the owner to a shattering climax, all on display for my room companion. But in this pursuit I am interrupted by my companion wrenching my head away from the glory hole. He holds my head and thrusts his cock into my mouth. Holding my head in both hands, he fucks vigorously into my mouth. He is groaning and muttering in ecstasy, his hips thrusting forward and his hands holding my head. And then he abruptly pushes my head off of his organ and again urges me to turn my attention to the glory hole cock. I engulf the shaft and resume the most intense and vigorous cock sucking, pressing my lips on the shaft and bobbing furiously. I hear the owner emit a huge gasp of pleasure through the wall. 
