 Chapter 30. 

In which our hero develops teamwork. 

I awake with a start and look around the darkened room. It takes a few minutes and then the reality of where I am comes back to me in a rush. I am in a hotel room with my teammates, four of us sharing two double beds. We arrived the evening before in the van of one of the team with the bicycles attached to the rack on the roof and the remaining racing paraphernalia and personal belongs piled in a tall stack of bags behind the back seat. This is the reality of bicycle racing; the personal passion of it combined with economies on every level. Our modest team has some equally modest sponsorship that covers only a portion of our equipment. The travel costs range from sleeping in the van to this extravagance of a hotel room shared four ways. We race in criteriums later today. 

I steal a look at the bedside clock to reassure myself that it is not yet time to get up. And then I am fully awake as I realize why I woke up. I am sharing this double bed with a teammate and I now realize that he is lying pressed against my back and that he is fully erect. I can feel his breath on the back of my neck. His organ is pressed against my bare skin and he is subtly thrusting, rubbing the engorged organ between his belly and my back. I don't know how long this has been going on but he is clearly aroused as I can feel the effect of the oily leakage from his cock lubricating between his belly and my back. I speculate if he is having an erotic dream and this an embarrassing accident of circumstance. I ponder what to do about this as the rubbing of his organ on my skin has resulted in my own organ swelling in response. It would be a fatal social outcome if I reach back only to find that I have awakened him from a dream. On the other hand there is a fully aroused hard cock pressing against me and I will not turn down the opportunity. 

I decide to slowly roll on my back while at the same time maintaining contact with his organ. If he is asleep and my movement causes him to wake up, he will probably quickly roll away and that will be the end of it. I complete this maneuver and he remains on his side, his organ pressed hard against my hip. The cock remains there for a moment, wedged between his belly and my hip. I can feel it pulsing and the wetness from the aroused leakage is readily apparent. I press my hip down and against him and the cock rubs between us for a moment and then abruptly slips out and flops down on my belly. I freeze to see what will happen next. The organ is throbbing and I can feel it alive on the skin of my taut belly. My own organ is fully erect and throbbing up into the air. I reach down and grasp my cock in my hand, receiving an immediate rush of pleasure. I squeeze my organ and rub some small leakage over the sweet spot to the accompaniment of more pleasurable rushes. I slide my hand up off of my cock and in doing so, my fingertips caress over his cock. He does not move at my touch and at this point, I cannot believe that he is asleep. Perhaps he was when this all started but I think he is now fully awake and that this is an offer. 

I reach down and caress the organ with my fingertips. He throbs voluptuously at my touch. I tease some leakage from the tip of the organ over the head of the cock. He is rock hard and the organ is leaking copiously, dripping on my belly. I wipe up the oily slick and rub my fingers over the hard shaft. I feel him provide a subtle thrust of his hips forward in response to what is clearly for him a rapturous sensation. I flick my fingertip on the sweet spot of the cock, lubricated by more of his oily essence. I hear him gasp in a muffled expression of pleasure. And then I feel his fingers on my shoulder; a very subtle touch, pressing downward, a very clear request. 

The other two teammates are in the bed next to this. I can hear the sound of deep breathing from across the room. It is pitch dark and it is up to me to decide what to do next with the usual concerns about the pleasure of the sport against the risks of exposure and resultant social difficulties. My finger work on his organ means that I am already committed to do something. If I decline to descend and continue teasing his organ, I imagine that he will squirt his cum on my belly. That will make a mess that may be fully in evidence in the light of the morning. In any case I would prefer a cock suck. It is certainly nothing more than availing the opportunity for my teammate as I know he is married with children. 

With as much quiet and discretion as I can manage, I slide down to his belly. In the dark I find the tip of his cock with my lips. I can smell the arousal of his skin. The room is completely dark and silent save for the regular breathing of the teammates in the next bed just a few feet away. I slide my lips over the head of his cock, taking the organ in my mouth. I hear a muffled gasp of pleasure and feel his hand press on the back of my head. His belly trembles under me and he arches his hips up. It is one of the great pleasures of my hobby to draw out this reaction of rapturous delight on the part of my companions; the incomparable ecstasy of my soft warm wet mouth encapsulating the aroused organ. I feel him shiver under me as he arches his hips up to get more of the shaft in my mouth. The taste of his skin floods my brain, warm meaty male fully aroused. The essence of him washes through me, a slightly salty taste and a realization that he is a meat eater. 

I hold his shaft in my mouth for long moments, allowing him to calm down a bit after the rapture of the initial penetration. I caress the shaft with my tongue. He is rock hard in my mouth. The organ is in all ways an entirely average specimen both in length and girth. But of course a very hard cock is the single useful characterization and requirement for the present exercise, all else rendered irrelevant to the interests of the cock sucker. And he has my full interest. I slide my lips slowly up and down on the cock shaft, a very moderate pressure applied, in no rush to complete my exercise. We work in sympathetic harmony for long moments, he subtly thrusting his hips upward and I sliding my lips slowly up and down on the shaft. All is quiet as we continue the unexpected and therefore all the more delicious cock sucking treat, only his subtle trembling under me revealing the pleasure that he is receiving from my oral ministrations. 

I withdraw off of the cock for a moment and feel it bobbing and thrusting upward in an effort to find entrance to the bliss my mouth has been providing. I open my mouth wide and hover over the head. I tease my lips very lightly on the shaft just below the cock head. I brush tease on this ring just below the head again and again, just the most delicate squeeze from my lips on the skin of the shaft. I can feel the cock clench in reaction to this technique. I taste a flood of his leakage on my tongue. I imagine that if I cock sucked vigorously, he would squirt in just a few seconds. But that is not my game. Rather I am content as always to coax and tease the organ, enjoying at my leisure the pleasures of cock sucking, certain that the end will eventually be reached with a flood of his semen in my mouth. But I want to prolong that outcome as long as I can so that I can fully enjoy the experience of this lovely organ filling my mouth and the manifest pleasure exhibited by my companion. 

I feel him arch his hips ever higher upward. I can well imagine the pleasure and consequent agony of the need to expel this burden of semen out of his balls. I alternate the pressure of my lips on the shaft between firm squeezes while holding still, and delicate pressure as my lips slide up and down. I am in my element I reflect, in control of his pleasure, coaxing and teasing the organ in my mouth to the inevitable flood. I lick my tongue over the tip of his cock, teasing the head, squeezing it firmly in my mouth to prevent the shaft sliding in. My head bounces up and down with this technique as he drives his hips up and down in an attempt to slide into my mouth. I prevent this by firmly holding the head of his cock in the vicelike grip of my lips. And then I relax my lips and a vigorous thrust of his hips drives the cock shaft fully into my mouth. The reaction on my companion is immediate as he arches his trembling hips upward, my mouth filled with his rigid organ. I cock suck vigorously for a moment bobbing my head rapidly up and down, my lips pressing firmly on the shaft.

I feel him go rigid under me and it is clear that we have reached a culmination. I hear a muffled gasp from him and feel his hand on the back of my head, a subtle pressure not to withdraw. He is trembling violently under me, his hips performing rapid, almost frantic small thrusting, fucking his organ into my mouth. And then I feel him burst, a blast of his semen flooding my mouth followed quickly by another and another, his hips rigid and thrust up off of the bed, all of this the very definition of male ecstasy. I hold still and allow him to complete his ejaculation, my lips pressed firmly on the cock shaft. We remained thusly locked together; the shaft pulsing in my gripping lips as his pleasure only slowly diminishes. Finally I hear an exhalation and feel his body relax under me, his climax complete, his organ still full, bathing in my semen filled mouth. 

I remain affixed on his slowly diminishing organ, delicately squeezing on the cock shaft from the base upward, drawing out the last remains of his ejaculation. Finally it is over and he indicates by movement and a slight touch on my head that I am to withdraw. I do so, careful to not make a mess with my mouthful of elixir. I lay on my back on the bed, looking up into the darkness of the room, my mouth full of his ejaculate. I hold it there in my mouth, moving it around with my tongue, enjoying the taste and texture of his semen. The room is dark and that I am not alone is evidenced only by the soft sounds of breathing of my teammates in the next bed and the heat emanating from the aroused skin of my companion lying inches from me, the forms of social separation restored now that his crushing burden of need is gone. I have it; in my mouth, his essence. I move his semen around inside my mouth. And then I swallow. I swallow his semen and his soul. They are mine.

The weekend proceeds with our team making a creditable effort. We finish second overall in our category, a good finish for us in the competition offered and we are all pleased to stand on the podium with appropriate pictures to our sponsors. We finally pack everything up and to our relief find that the sponsors have provided a shower and changing room. Our trip home in the tightly packed van is thusly much more pleasant than the prospect of four moldering bicycle racers in close and confined proximity. We stop for food and arrive at the meeting place parking lot in the evening. We quickly unpack the van, each of us retrieving our bicycles and bags. Two of my teammates quickly depart and I am left with my bedmate who I perceive has lingered. We have not said a word to each other about the tryst of yesterday morning and unless he were to bring it up, I had no intention of pursuing it further. But it seems apparent that he is going to pursue some word or two about the event. 

We stand together in the dark between our two parked cars. I find in my experience that men readily enough accept and often seek out a blowjob from another man when it is convenient and there is little risk of exposure. But such men often construct a strong and unyielding boundary between the act performed on their organ and their identity as strictly heterosexual. While I do not know my teammate well, my experience with him is rather strongly heterosexual in attitude and male bravado. For my part the incident of yesterday morning is not unlike other serendipitous events I have had, the opportunity strongly contributing to the motivation.

In the dim light of distant streetlights, my teammate observes that he has thought much of the activity. He confirms the obvious that he really enjoyed it. I respond that I enjoyed it as well. I do not embarrass my companion by asking potentially awkward questions. Rather I consider that my companion is probably asking for more, that is why he has lingered. A brief moment of silence follows and I step closer to him. We are face to face, inches apart. I take the initiative of suggesting that I am pleased that he hung back after the teammates departed. To assist in the clarity of this observation, I add a caressing press of my hand between his legs. To no surprise at all I find that he is full.

I look my companion full in the face and suggest that it appears that he would welcome a reprise before he returns home. To this he sighs an affirmation, leans back against his car, and parts his legs, the better to afford my access to his equipment. He rapidly hardens and I give full freedom to my hand exploring through his clothing. I suggest that he show it to me and by way of further clarity, I do a tug on his belt buckle. In a moment his slacks are sliding down to his ankles and he is standing there in front of me at full mast. The sight and the immediate prospect are electrifying. But while I intend to cock suck, I first want some contribution of respect from my teammate and companion. I lean closer to him so that I can whisper in his ear. I reach out my hand and caress my fingertips on the underside of his jutting organ. He responds with an immediate sharp intake of breath and I feel his cock jump in a strong clench. It is clear that both of us are ready.

I whisper to him that I want him to tell me what he wants. Tell me I say to him, and to this I add another teasing caress of my fingertips on the underside of his shaft. A series of oh, oh, ohs emanate from him. But that is not good enough for me. I remove my hand so that he is bobbing and clenching in frustrated solitude. After a moment I repeat my demand; tell me what you want, let me hear you say the words. Finally a strangled cry emanates from him that he wants me to suck. I flick a fingertip on the underside of the throbbing organ to encourage and ask if that means that he wants me to get on my knees in front of him, take his cock in my mouth, and suck him off. I tease the jutting shaft again with just a brief flick of my fingertip. He responds with an affirmation but I want the words to come from him. I grip his cock in my hand and squeeze. I cut off a sharp gasping cry from him with a command that he say the words. I pump up and down on his organ for a moment and then let go and wait.

His cock throbs impotently in the air between us. We look at each other and I repeat my demand, say the words I whisper, what you want me to do. A silence of a minute or two follows, finally broken by a clear voice; 'get on your knees and suck my cock, suck on my cock until I cum in your mouth'. To this declaration he adds a suggestive downward push on my shoulder. I descend and there it is in front of me, the barrier of anonymity crossed, his organ jutting out from his belly, his balls hanging down between his legs. He wants me to suck him off and of course there is nothing at this moment that I would more like to do. Mutual interests intersect in this moment of opportunity.

I immediately engulf his organ. He is hard but the instant that I close my mouth on the shaft, I feel him clench strongly and repeatedly. I hold him there in my mouth for a moment to let him relax. I'm not sure how much stamina my companion has in him as he seems quite heated. But I think that it does not matter as I think this is not the last time that I am going to have this organ in my mouth. I begin noisily and vigorously cock sucking him, bobbing my head rapidly, my lips sliding briskly up and down on his shaft. I hear him above me gasping in loud cries, uninhibited now in the vacant parking lot to give full voice to the fulfillment of his desire and the expression of his pleasure. Ugh, ugh, ugh he barks loudly in rhythm to my vigorous suck strokes. I am caught up in the moment and care not if he lasts a millisecond longer. 

I have my hands on his hips to hold both of us together. I can feel him trembling from the pleasure. My cock sucking pace continues unaltered with my lips sliding up and down on the beautifully ribbed shaft. I can taste the essence of him, the male power of him fully represented in this splendid hard organ. I abruptly pull off of his cock and lean back a bit. The hard shaft is jutting out from his belly, gleaming in the faint light from the wetness of my mouth. I look at the magnificence of him; rock hard cock sticking straight out, clenching and throbbing in male potency. I reach up between his legs and grip his balls. I hold them there with the cock straining outward. I use the balls in my hand to guide his organ back in my mouth and resume vigorous bobbing up and down on the shaft. The hardness of him and the event, outside and exposed here in this parking lot, his pants down around his ankles, I on my knees in front of him, his cock in my mouth, it is all more than arousing. I am rock hard as I suck on his cock.

Abruptly I pull off of the shaft again. He emits a loud keening cry of dismay and I conclude that he was probably seconds from climax. I take several deep gasping breaths as the effort has been energetic and strenuous. I wipe the spittle off of my chin. His organ is mesmerizing in front of me, beckoning to me. I look up at him and see that he is looking down, taking it all in. I look back and his cock is throbbing with oily leakage streaming down from the tip, encouraged by the intense clenching of the shaft. I lean forward and flick the tip of my tongue on the sweet spot of his cock. His cock jumps at this touch. I repeat this again and then again, each time the organ clenching strongly and jumping. I engulf his cock again, this time holding it in my mouth. I wait for a moment, just holding the organ in my mouth. And then I slide down on it, feel the head in my throat, and push.

I feel the shaft slide into my throat. I have taken a deep breath and so am well prepared to hold it there. I keep pressing until my face is pressing on his belly. I hear him groaning above me; loud barking exclamations of intense pleasure. I am gripping his hips to hold us together, fighting off the urge to withdraw and breathe. I feel his organ clenching madly in the constriction of my throat. I rock up and down on it several times, the cock head massaged in the tight confines of my throat. His barking cries intensify and I feel the organ stiffen. This is it I think to myself and an instant later I feel the unmistakable sensation of his ejaculation in my throat. I wait for the second blast of his cum in my throat and then withdraw enough to take several frantic breathes. I hold his spasming organ in my mouth, cradled in my tongue as he completes his ejaculation. I grip the shaft in my lips and feel the semen flowing onto my tongue. He encourages me to remain in place, mouth encapsulating his spewing organ by providing long soulful cries of pleasure. 

We remained locked together for long moments, his organ reposing in my mouth, bathing in his warm semen. I have my hands on his hips, holding us together. This is always one of my favorite parts of the experience, particularly in these personal encounters as opposed to the glory hole. The other person is standing there in front of one, breathe ragged, legs trembling, the emotion and physical intensity of the experience fully on display. And of course the post climax cock, having lost its virility and power with the semen. The sense of taking these things from the owner is palpable as I hold the slowly diminishing organ in my mouth. I squeeze gently on the shaft and receive a murmur of pleasure from above.
