 In which our hero takes a day off. 

It is raining and forecast to continue so for the entire day and into the weekend. A planned bicycle competition that included a Friday vacation day has now been canceled resulting in an unexpected free day. No social obligations, a day off work, and no bicycle training or competitions. I spend a leisurely morning sorting through the life demands of laundry, groceries, and the odd trip here and there. Finally the lunch hour arrives and so my anonymous hobby day is to begin. It is a work day for most of the rest of the world. I plan to visit the video shop in time for the anticipated lunch time rush, spend a few hours in idle amusement in the theater, and then catch the after work crowd back in the video shop. In short, I plan to make a day of cock worship. It remains only to marshal my strength and reserves. To that end, I enjoy a fortifying lunch as it will need to last me through the long and painful hours of the afternoon spent on my knees.

I arrive at the video shop just at the noon hour and nod a greeting to the staff member on duty. We have never actually talked so I have no idea if she is an owner or just an employee of the place. My continued use of the facility has made us acquaintances of a sort to the extent that she commonly provides a nod of recognition as she does on this occasion. I cash in some money for machine tokens and head through the doorway and up the stairs to the video booth area. To no surprise at all I see the expected lunch time crowd, men in various work garb mill about the rooms, each seeking their own pleasure. An artifact of my regular use of this facility is that I sometimes see a face that I have seen here before. Today is not atypical as I observe a familiar suit milling about the playlist. I have had him before I recall to myself and immediately attempt to remember the details of the encounter. A pleasant encounter I believe with a quite ordinary specimen. The latter is not a criticism, and in fact is a very positive endorsement in that a pleasant encounter with an ordinary cock meant he easily performed with no struggles and I had a good time.

I walk past suit toward an available booth and give him the slightest nudge as I pass to ensure that he sees me. I enter the booth, leaving the door open, and like clockwork suit enters as expected. As we recognize each other from a past encounter, no time is lost in preliminaries. Suit immediately drops his slacks to his ankles and as I descend, he is hardening nicely in the full anticipation of what is to come. Kneeling in front of him, I put my hands on the wall on either side of his hips and stare in admiration. As I recalled, his specimen is entirely average in length and girth. His cock is jutting out from his white belly and his balls hang down between his legs. I look up at him and see that he is staring down at me and his erect shaft. I reach up between his legs and cup his balls in one of my hands. I roll them in the palm of my hand for several minutes all the time looking up at him. His cock bobs in front of me and the tip occasionally brushes against my face. I ask him if he has brought a full load in these balls. He breathes a husky affirmation and arches his hips out, the head of his cock shaft stabbing my face. 

I open my mouth and engulf his organ. The cock shaft clenches strongly in my mouth with the pleasure of this welcoming embrace. I hold him there in my mouth for some long minutes, enjoying the never ending pleasure and fascination of supplicating on my knees on the manhood of another. I reflect to myself that the day is getting off to a very good start with a hard cock in my mouth within five minutes of entering the shop. As I have had this cock before, I have no concerns about what is to follow and the ability of suit to perform. I begin with some moderate cock sucking, drawing my lips up and down on the shaft. He is deliciously hard in my mouth and modest sized cocks are perfect for this purpose. I enjoy the up and down on the shaft for some minutes, occasionally flicking my tongue on the sweet spot under the head. As I cock suck, I reflect on the beauty of a well-shaped large organ. But for sheer enjoyment of the cock suck, the one in my mouth at this moment is the perfect size. I reassure myself of this truth by easily sliding the head of his cock into my throat. I press my face into his belly and hold him there for a long moment. I feel his cock clench spasmodically in my throat. Each time I feel him clench in my throat, my own organ clenches in sympathetic acknowledgement of the shared pleasure of the experience. I ram my face back and forth into his belly for a short moment, the head of his cock sliding easily in and out of the constriction of my throat. 

I withdraw completely and take several deep gasping breathes. His cock is bobbing madly in front of my face, gleaming from the wet slop of my mouth. I engulf the organ again and madly cock suck for a moment before again releasing the organ. He bobs and jerks in front of me. Again I engulf the hard shaft and bob my head up and down in a wet, noisy cock suck. I can taste the essence of him and as always, the hardness of the cock in my mouth is electrifying. I slam my face into his belly and grab his hips, pulling him against me. His cock clenches strongly in my throat. I slam my face against his belly again and again, throat fucking myself on his rigid shaft. Again I abruptly withdraw and take deep ragged breathes. I am mad for his cum. I look alternately at suit and his jutting cock, bobbing and jerking in frustrated abandonment. I lean forward and flick my tongue on the underside of the cock head, teasing the sweet spot. I repeat this several times. Each time the shaft jumps at the pleasure of this caress. I reach up and grasp the shaft at the base with my fingers. Holding the cock shaft, I lean forward and flutter caress the sweet spot with my tongue. I continue this and I hear him above me gasping in pleasure. I continue the flutter licking of the sweet spot as fast as I can. He gasps and squirms and I can feel him shaking. I feel him go rigid in front of me. A long mewling cry follows and I feel his semen blast out of the tip of his cock and splash into my open mouth. I press the sweet spot of his organ down on my lower lip, and pump vigorously on his shaft. He spews his semen in torrid blasts of ejaculate onto my welcoming tongue. 

I continue pumping on the shaft with my fingers long after he completes his ejaculation, the ongoing grunts of pleasure confirming that the climax has fully consumed him. Eventually I release my grip on his cock shaft and take the organ into my mouth, squeezing very gently, the shaft bathing in his ejaculate. I hold his cock in my mouth reflecting on the never ending variety of techniques for providing oral pleasure on the male organ. As I kneel in front of him, supplicating on his cock, I hear murmurs of pleasure and gratification. Eventually I withdraw, his softening organ flopping down, smearing my chin with a mixture of saliva and semen. I stand and lean back against my wall. I am stiff in my slacks but have no desire to touch or climax. Rather my thought is only the long wished possibility that I could fill him back up so that I could suck the cum out of his cock again. I swallow his cum as I leave the room, leaving suit to restore order in private.

As I walk down the hallway I look up and observe another man that I have had before. This one is CocaCola, a reference to the work garb in which he is attired. I assume he drives a local delivery truck and this shop is a reasonably convenient stop-off. I reflect back on the previous encounter with CC, not entirely favorably. CC has a very unusual specimen which sparked my recognition of disfavor. I have encountered this type of specimen once before and noted then the unusual shape of the erection and performance of the organ. The two men could be brothers, although they look nothing at all alike, except for the mirror image nature of their organs at full mast. The cock in question is longer than average, approximately seven inches, or perhaps a bit more. But it is not round. Rather the organ has the appearance of several slabs pressed together; the slabs made of the hardest steel as the erect organ is exceptionally rigid. It is the size, shape, and rigidity of the organ that generates the disfavor in that it wears out one's jaws. I recall that CocaCola had some staying power which only exacerbated the issue. 

CocaCola sees me and I observe an expression of pleasurable recognition on his face. He immediately enters a room and leaves the door open. I walk past and look in his room and observe CC in the process of lowering his clothes to his ankles. His organ is sticking out from his belly and he is fully erect. Obviously he was expecting me to service him again. I stop and look into his room, mulling over the situation. In a minute CC is standing, looking at me, his unusually shaped organ jutting straight out and throbbing. I enter the room and close the door behind me. CC is shorter than I with a burly physique. His organ looks entirely in character. I wrap my hand and fingers around the shaft and squeeze. Or at least I attempt to squeeze but I find the shaft feels like granite and is incapable of being compressed.

I begin stroking the cock shaft with my hand. I am struck again with the unusual shape and feel of the organ. I reach down between his legs with my other hand and cup his balls. I roll the eggs in the palm of my hand, teasing the skin with my fingertips. I continue sliding my hand up and down on the shaft, alternating between light teasing caresses and hard pumping. I wonder what effect I am having as there is no change in the hardness of the organ, already as rigid as any cock I have ever encountered. I swipe my thumb over the tip of the organ and find a small pearl of leakage. I use this to tease the sweet spot under the head that evokes a gasp from CC and murmurs of pleasure. 

It is clear that I am committed to bringing him to a climax but I don't know that I want to invest in a long cock suck with this oversize and jaw wearying organ. To that end I am content to hand stroke the shaft if not to a conclusion, then very close to the end point. CC has other ideas however as he bellows out a command. Suck me I hear him say. I ignore this guidance and continue on with my hand work, frequently swiping my thumb over the head of the organ to harvest lubricating leakage. I reflect that many men would be very content with this organ, oversized and rigidly hard. I ponder what a woman feels like with this battering ram driving into her. CC repeats his demand that I cock suck his organ, finally putting a meaty hand on my shoulder and pressing down. 

I descend in front of him but continue with the hand job, stroking up and down on the shaft quite vigorously. I lick the head of the cock and use this moisture as lubricant for my hand work. Eventually I feel CC's meaty hand on my head urging me forward with now continues demands that I suck. I open my mouth and engulf a few inches of his organ. I maintain my hand grip on the shaft and continue pumping. My lips are pressing on the cock shaft just below the head. I caress the cock head with my tongue and tease the sweet spot, all the time vigorously pumping on the shaft. I hear him bellowing in pleasure above me, clearly enjoying the exercise. He begins thrusting his hips forward and I wonder how much more he has. 

I release my hand and take most of his organ in my mouth for just a moment. I hear him cry out in delight and attempt to mouth fuck me, his meaty hand grasping desperately to hold my head in place. But I have done this only to provide lubrication on the shaft and I immediately grasp the organ in my hand and resume pumping. I pump vigorously for several minutes until the saliva lubrication gives up. I repeat the full mouth technique and again resume hand pumping on the now slick organ. I repeat this several times and recall again from the last encounter that my companion has staying power. I am pumping as fast as I can on the shaft with my lips pressing on the organ just below the head. This combination eventually works as I hear him bellow out a gasp and he ejaculates a burst of cum into my mouth. I feel both his meaty hands on my head attempting to force his cock further into my mouth. But I have a death grip on the shaft with my hand which allows only a few inches into that coveted portal. All the time I continue pumping vigorously on the shaft and CC reciprocates with loud barking grunts with each blast of ejaculate into my mouth. 

It takes some time to fully empty his balls but eventually he is done and withdraws. Either he has changed diet or I just do not recall but his semen has an unpleasant taste. CC hurriedly recovers his clothes and quickly departs the room, uttering not a single sound in stark contrast to the loud bellows leading up to his climax and the sharp barking grunts that accompanied that event. He is out the door and I am about to follow when the doorway is filled with suit2. So quickly did he appear that I come to an abrupt halt to avoid running into him. I take a step back and he enters, closing the door behind him. Suit2 peremptorily announces that he wants what I gave to his predecessor, indicating that distinguished gentleman with a thumb pointing to the departed CC. I can only assume that CCs loud accompaniment to my efforts was widely heard in the booth area.

Suit2 is a slim fellow wearing an expensive suit. We look at each other for a moment before I simply ask well? It takes a moment before it occurs to him to display. But soon enough his organ is on display and it is clear that while he has a good deal of growth potential before he reaches what CC gave to me, suit2 is certainly ready for my efforts. His small organ is not just erect but quivering. I descend and look with admiration on his modest offering. Modest in both length and girth, his specimen is beautifully shaped with flawless bone white skin. I reach up and lightly brush the backs of my fingers the length of the underside of his shaft. I get an immediate sharp intake from him and his cock does the most delightful vibration. I reflect that I could get used to this, modest sized cocks that are beautiful to look at.

I lean forward and caress the small cock head with my lips. I can feel the organ quivering at my touch and I get another gasping sound from suit2. And then suddenly I feel his hand on my head followed by an urgent push of his cock. I open my mouth and engulf his organ but to my surprise I realize that he is ejaculating. The semen deposited on my cradling tongue is accompanied by short cries of pleasure from above and his hand attempting to hold my head in place. It takes but a moment for his bursting cock to complete the deposit on my tongue and he is done. I hold him there in my mouth for a moment but soon enough he withdraws and it is over, one of the briefest blowjobs I have ever given. I wonder if he even felt any pleasure so brief was his effort. I stand and see that he is leaning back against the wall breathing heavily with his now declining organ drooping down. 

I promptly leave the room, swirling his semen around in my mouth. I reflect philosophically that there are many blowjob scripts. At least he was erect and I got his manhood so to that extent, it was far from the most disappointing experience of my career. I decide that I will go down to the theater and walk down the hall to the stairway. Just before I get to the end something catches my eye in a room with the door open. I turn and see that there is a guy standing in the room with his back to the wall and the door open. He has his organ on display and is stroking it while looking out at me. I stand at the entrance to the doorway for several moments observing his efforts on a very fine specimen; the organ is a very nice seven inches and full girth. As I stare at his handwork, he removes his hand and there it is in all its glory, jutting out straight. I watch as the organ clenches several times, a more arousing spectacle difficult to imagine. 

I look back up at him and ask him if he would like some help with that, the object of my question all too obvious. By hand gesture, he invites me in and I enter his room and begin to close the door behind me. But to my surprise, my companion holds the door open and by gesture on my shoulder makes clear that he would like me to descend. I reflect that this is mildly risky but decide that I will at least have a taste. I descend and his gorgeous piece of manhood is fully on display in front of me, the bone white organ beckoning to me. I learn forward and engulf his cock, receiving a rush of pleasure both from the impressive instrument in my mouth but also in the recklessness of this act and potential exposure. I slide my lips up and down on the cock shaft, reveling in the hardness and strength. It occurs to me as I kneel there that there are not enough hard cocks in the world to satisfy my lust for this primeval act of worship. I cock suck him, my lips sliding up and down on the hard shaft, my head bobbing, the sounds of cock and mouth engaged together filling the room. 

We continue for some minutes, I lost in the splendor of the act, sucking on this lovely organ. Suddenly I feel his hand on my head and he withdraws. So sudden is this that I gasp in surprise, saliva dripping from the bobbing and jerking organ in front of me and also running down my chin. I wipe my mouth off and then it is that I see that we have drawn spectators, several men standing in the hall watching us through the open door. My companion continues to hold my head away from his organ and he is arching his hips, the erection on full display for the onlookers. After a few minutes of this display he draws my head back and thrusts his cock back into my mouth. This time he uses both hands on my head to hold me in place and begins a rapid mouth fuck. The organ slides in and out of my mouth in a blur as he thrusts his hips. I hear him groaning in pleasure above as he makes a great display for the onlookers. 

Again he suddenly withdraws. I have a taste of his essence so this is clearly pleasurable but I am not entirely certain what the game is, to just show off or does he intend to empty his balls in my mouth in front of the spectators. He holds my head away again for several minutes, the bobbing and jerking organ giving every indication of heavy arousal. I look to the doorway and see that the spectators are in rapt attention, several rubbing through their clothing. My companion releases my head and I immediately re-engulf his cock and begin enthusiastically bobbing my head. I press my lips on the shaft and caress the underside with my tongue. He arches his hips and I hear him groaning and exclaiming his pleasure. 

I feel his hand lightly on my head and it seems clear that he will attempt to withdraw again when his crisis draws near. I cock suck with enthusiasm, my lips pressing on the shaft, my head bobbing. I feel his hand on my head with the pressure to push me away growing. I reach up and grasp the base of the shaft with my fingers and at the same instant begin fluttering my tongue on the sweet spot of his cock, just under the head. I feel his organ go rigid at this change in technique. I pump vigorously on the shaft with my fingers for a second or two before he attempts to violently push my head away. But it is too late, my mouth open as he withdraws his shaft, I feel a big spurt of his semen splash into my mouth. A loud groan follows from my companion and I pump vigorously on his cock shaft. He ejaculates in powerful spurts into my open mouth, the semen flowing onto my tongue. I feel his hand on my head relax and I take the spurting organ in my mouth, my tongue cradling the shaft. We repose together, my companion providing great exhalations as the crisis of his climax slowly reaches an end. And then it is over, the stillness of post climax resolution claiming both my companion and myself, his slowly diminishing cock bathing in my semen filled mouth. I kneel in front of him holding his deleted organ and deposited manhood in my mouth in no rush to withdraw. I am the essence of the cock sucker.
