 All characters contained within are entirely fictional; any similarity to any real or fictional person living or deceased is totally unintentional. Do not read this story if you do not enjoy reading about consensual sexual activities of an exhibitionist nature. Otherwise read on...... 

THURSDAY 1ST APRIL 2010

A new month has begun and the Easter holidays lay ahead of me, a whole four days of freedom from the usual routine of work. On the one hand I'm lucky because I'm one of the few Prison Officers who has been granted the whole weekend off (favouritism I have heard muttered by some), on the other hand having four days off with nothing planned seems a waste of time when I could be earning double time. But as they say all work and no play makes Sam a dull guy so I will just have to find something to occupy my time, starting with housework and ironing tonight so I don't have that chore hanging over me for the rest of the weekend!

FRIDAY 2ND APRIL 2010

Well diary, I have had a more interesting day today than I thought I would, or perhaps curious would be a better term.

This morning first thing I jumped into the car and paid a visit to the local supermarket and stocked up with some groceries, I don't know if I'm being paranoid but I am sure that I caught more than one person giving me the eye up. It got to the point that I stopped and checked my reflection out in the shop window. No, everything seemed in order, just my usual jeans, trainers and tight fitting muscle top. Okay, I know that my physique has improved since I started at the prison but I didn't think it was that much improved! The other thing which has occurred to me is that perhaps I am developing what I have heard called 'gaydar', that is being able to sense when another guy is interested in you.

When I was bent over one of the freezers trying to decide which pizza to have tonight, something made me look up and straight into the eyes of a cute looking shop worker, he must have been all of eighteen with big blue eyes and a thick mop of blonde hair. He flushed bright red having been caught in the act of staring at me and gave me a weak smile in an attempt to cover up his embarrassment. I winked in response and gave him a broad grin before looking back at the pizzas on offer. When I had made my choice and looked up again, the young lad had disappeared. Feeling a little disappointed I silently chided myself because he was far too young for me – I was old enough to be his father!

Then as I was queuing up at the checkouts, I was lost in idle thought when something caught my eye and as I looked over to the next till a guy, perhaps in his thirties gave me a sly smile before quickly looking away as his wife looked up from what she was doing and spoke to him. I was so surprised I failed to respond and stood there in a daze, until a loud cough behind me brought me back to reality and I started to unpack my shopping onto the conveyor belt. Finally the checkout girl was all touchy feely and overly friendly. Enough was enough! I had to get out of there quick before anything else happened.....

Back home, having unpacked and made myself some lunch I felt bored and lonely. Refusing to give into this self-defeating frame of mind I decided it was time for some company, and I knew just the place for it – the leisure centre. It's always guaranteed to be busy; I could get some exercise and was bound to bump into someone I know. Which is exactly what happened and led to an interesting meeting with Jason (Aaron's best friend, who went to the stag do).

I paid the entrance fee and made my way to the male changing rooms as normal, found the locker I had been allocated and followed the routine I always do. Call me OCD if you like but I have always done it since being in the army. I opened the locker; then removed my trainers and socks before stuffing the socks into the trainers and then into the locker; off came my jeans to be folded neatly and placed on top of the trainers; next my muscle top and finally my boxer shorts, again both were neatly folded and placed into the locker. Standing there comfortably naked I retrieved my towel and swimming trunks, placed them on the bench, then put my sports bag into the locker, spun the combination lock and turned back towards the bench. As I reached for my trunks I heard my name called and looked over in the direction of the voice. Walking briskly towards me was Jason with a Cheshire cat smile on his face; reaching me he dumped his bag on the bench, gave me a great big bear hug and a hearty slap on the back, seemingly oblivious to my state of undress.

I coughed loudly to draw his attention to the situation as a couple of guys were beginning to stare and I was feeling distinctly uncomfortable.

"Sorry Sam!" Jason chuckled stepping back, "I didn't mean to embarrass you but I am just so pleased to see you. I've been meaning to catch up with you ever since Aaron's stag do but I've lost your mobile number and felt a little awkward asking the other guys for it again."

As I listened to him I donned my swimming trunks and slung my towel over my shoulder before replying "I didn't know you had my number in the first place, not that I mind you having it, I'll give it to you now if you wish."

"Oh that would be great! Let me just get a pen out of my bag and I'll make a note of it" he replied doing exactly that.

Closing my eyes to aid concentration I gave him my mobile number and got him to repeat it back to me for accuracy, only then did I ask him what he was doing here.

"I have been putting so much weight on recently that Aaron and his dad has started to pull my leg about me getting fat and no longer being a babe magnet. They suggested that I follow your example by getting out and exercising more, which is why I am here. I thought I would start off gently by doing some swimming, gain a bit of confidence and see if there's anyone who can give me some guidance on doing things the right way. That's why I'm glad to have bumped into you. You're exactly the right guy for the job, that is, if you don't mind....."

"Well, I'm flattered naturally, that you feel I'm the man for the job" I replied, a little surprised by what I had just heard "but I must warn you that I'm only an amateur and not qualified as a sports physiotherapist. I can tell you what's worked for me and what hasn't; then the rest will be up to you. Anyway, you don't look overweight to me."

"Oh I am, believe me" Jason retorted with a frown. "You'll see in a moment."

Without further ado he removed his Jacket, slung it on the bench and then started to remove his jumper.

"Before you go any further Jason, have you located your locker yet?" I asked with an amused smile.

"Oh shit, no I haven't! Thanks Sam. See I know I'm going to be in good hands..... Now where is it? Ah there it is. That's handy; it's only a couple away from yours."

Having opened the locker Jason threw in his jacket and jumper before his shoes, socks and jeans joined them. He paused momentarily standing in just his T-shirt and pants, then apparently having summoned up the courage he removed his shirt, threw it in the locker before slowly peeling down his pants and stepping out of them. As he stood up straight again his huge cock swung pendulously from side to side above his hairy balls.

I could not help myself but to whistle appreciatively and mutter "You sure are a big boy!"

"I know, this is exactly what I meant" Jason responded prodding and poking at his developing beer belly.

I chuckled before saying "Okay your stomach could do with a little toning up but that wasn't what I was referring too...."

By now Jason had put on his Speedos but his ample package was still very evident for all to see (should they wish to look), he glanced over to me with a strange expression on his face before it lifted to be replaced by a smile and a slightly camp "All the girls say that!"

In a more serious tone he asked me to have a look at him and let him know what parts of his body I thought he needed to pay attention to and then did a slow pirouette with his arms lifted slightly. I deliberately took in every part of his body; his muscled hairy legs, slightly prominent beer belly, his hairy chest and arms were decently proportioned, his bum was masculine in it's squareness as was his jaw line. He wasn't classically handsome but all the same was very pleasing to the eye and was sporting a trendy haircut and razor thin goatee and beard. I was slightly envious of the fact that he could sport that style of beard due to the blackness of his hair whereas my hair had always been too pale a brown to carry off such styling, made all the worse by the increasingly common white hairs.

"All in all" I announced "you're not in bad shape, you've just got to lose that tummy of yours. Cutting out the beers and junk food along with some decent exercise should sort out in no time. Now shall we go for a swim before we get done for loitering?"

We spent the next hour in the main pool alternating between serious length swimming and getting our wind back breaks treading water and making small talk. By the end of the hour we were both exhausted and glad to stand for a few minutes under the invigorating hot showers. While we were towelling ourselves dry and dressing once more we talked more about the exercises he should be doing on his own.

"Well, what are you doing tomorrow for exercise?" Jason asked casually.

"Oh, I shall probably do a couple of laps of gently jogging around the park, but that will be all. Why? Would you care to join me?" I replied just as casually.

"Would you mind? I haven't done any jogging for years. Well not since school at least."

"Of course I don't mind. You know where I live, just call round, say 10.30am and I'll break you in gently, so to speak" I said with a smile.

"You're on! See you tomorrow then." Jason said clapping me on the shoulder and headed for the car park. 

I went in the opposite direction having walked to the leisure centre from home. Well, I only live a mile and a half from there; it seems crazy to drive that short distance to a place you're trying to get fit in! Twenty minutes later and I was back home again with my mind focused on locating all of the men's fitness magazines and books I had stashed around the flat and never quite got round to reading. If I am going to be a fitness coach I must at least sound like I know what I am talking about!

So my Friday night has not resulted in me being down the pub as usual talking to Tom and Mike in the Kings Head over a pint or two of beer, instead I have had my face stuck in umpteen magazines and books formulating a fitness routine for Jason.

SATURDAY 3RD APRIL 2010

Woke this morning bright and early with the sun streaming in through a chink in my curtains, lay there listening for a few minutes to the cheeping of a couple of sparrows on my bedroom window ledge before passing traffic drowned them out. Oh the joys of living in central London I thought to myself, one day I hope to be able to move out into the suburbs and away from the traffic and pollution. In the meantime I am enjoying the facilities and convenience that living here offers, who knows one day....

Having got up early I had time to enjoy a leisurely breakfast and pop down to the newsagents to fetch the daily newspaper. I was still reading it when there was a ring on the doorbell, leaving the paper open where it lay (to make it look more casual) I answered the door to a bright eyed and bushy tailed Jason, wearing jogging bottoms and sweatshirt, clearly raring to go.

"Come in, come in young man" I greeted him with a smile.

"Morning Sam, I hope I'm not too early."

"No you're right on time, I'm actually running a little behind time, so please make yourself comfortable while I just get my running gear on" I said as I wandered into my bedroom and retrieved a pair of shorts and a muscle top from my chest of drawers. I quickly shucked my tracksuit bottoms and T-shirt, throwing them on the bed and was in the middle of putting the muscle top on over my head when I heard Jason's voice close behind me asking if he could use the toilet before we go for our run.

Not turning round I said "Sure, of course you can. It's the door straight in front of you."

"Thanks." He replied.

Strange I thought; I'm sure he's been here before so he should know where the toilet is. Shrugging my shoulders I thought no more of it. I quickly pulled on my shorts and was tying up the laces of my running shoes when Jason returned. Without further ado we made our way out of the block of flats and over to the park where our run would start in earnest.

Poor old (or rather that should be 'young') Jason, he was clearly out of shape and by the second lap of the park he was flagging. I looked over at him, he was red faced, sweat was pouring down his face and his gelled crest was distinctly wilted, his shirt looked like it had been in a wet T-shirt contest. Finally the ordeal was over for him as we reached the park gates and I told him he could stop and take a breather. His expression was a picture, there he was totally exhausted and here was I nearly twice his age scarcely panting. 

"Let's go home Jason, you've earned a rest, how about you have a hot shower when we get back to sooth your tired muscles before we look at some exercises you can do before next weekend." I said as briskly as possible.

Jason didn't have the energy to say anything; he simply nodded, stood up straight and tried to match my pace as we made our way back to the flats.

In the bathroom I showed him how to operate the shower, where the soap, towels etc were kept and left him in peace while I laid out the light lunch I had prepared earlier on the kitchen table. I was just pouring the fruit juices out when I heard the noise of gently padding feet behind me, turning round I saw the naked frame of Jason walking in with just a towel wrapped round his waist, his lunchbox was making a distinctive bulge at the front.

"Does that feel better?" I asked, doing my best to keep my eyes off his crotch.

"Yes thanks, I almost feel ready to go again!"

"No I don't think so, one run per day is quite sufficient that is unless you wish to injure yourself. I thought we would have a light lunch and then I will show you those exercises before you leave." I said as I handed him a glass of apple juice.

"Sure, sounds good to me" he replied, making himself comfortable at the table and quickly started tucking into the salad and French bread.

When we'd eaten sufficiently I ran through the sit ups, press ups, squats and stretching exercises demonstrating each one to him. As I was showing him each one I got the distinct feeling his mind was elsewhere and asked him if this was the case. A little embarrassed he admitted he was a little distracted but wouldn't divulge any further information so I didn't press him as it was none of my business.

"Okay, let's see how much you have taken on board what I have said. Please join me down on the floor and I want you to do some press ups." I said in the best coach voice I could muster.

"I know how to do that." He responded.

"You might think you do but I want to be sure that you are doing it correctly."

With a sigh he laid down on the floor, feet towards me, head away and started to do a couple of press ups.

"No you're doing it wrong" I admonished him. "Your feet should be a foot apart to give yourself greater stability and place less strain on your wrists. Try it again please."

He did as requested and started once again, this time I had a good view between his legs and could see his balls swinging gently with each movement. I could just make out his cockhead hanging just below his balls. My cock twitched a little at the sight.

"Okay, that's fine. Now let's see you do some sit ups. I will hold your feet to provide you with stability, say do five for me."

Not saying anything, he simply sat in front of me with his feet flat on the floor; knees bent and then lay back on the floor with his hands behind his head. If I thought the previous view was good, then this one was fantastic! Jason's towel had slipped under gravity down from his knees to around his waist fully exposing his cock, balls and arse crack. I couldn't help but lick my lips in response. As he carried out the sit ups he kept his eyes focused on the wall behind my head, only when did he complete all five sit ups did he look down and realised that his towel had slipped exposing his assets.

"Sorry Sam, I didn't mean to give you an eyeful! It's my fault I should have got properly dressed and not been lazy by keeping just this towel on. I hope I didn't offend you in any way." He said as he quickly stood up and rearranged the towel to cover himself once more.

"Hell no!" I replied "I've seen it all before, both in the army and more recently in the prison service. Nakedness has never bothered me, don't give it another thought. I often walk round here naked when I'm alone, though not so often when I'm in company!"

"Cool! It's just that some people are bit stuffy when it comes to men's bits, for example my girlfriend. How she hates the sight of my bits on display except when we're having sex, says they're disgusting. Me, I can't see what's wrong with them personally."

"No, I can't say that they look wrong in anyway. Certainly nothing to be ashamed of, and if I remember correctly you didn't seem too averse to taking your kit off during the stag do!" I remarked with a chuckle.

"True. But it's amazing what a little bit of alcohol in your system can do for your courage! I hope you don't mind Sam but I really must be going now. It's nearly 2pm and I said I'd meet Kirsty at 2.30pm, if I'm not careful I'm going to be late and she doesn't like to be kept waiting."

"That's fine with me. I think to be honest we're just about done; I can see that you know what you're doing. Run along and get dressed, I don't want you to get into trouble on my part. Regarding ongoing training, how about we go swimming on Sundays and do jogging on Mondays and Thursdays. How does that sound?" I asked. "That way you get a couple of days rest in between each activity."

"You're the fitness boss. I'll do whatever you recommend." Jason replied as he hurriedly put on his rather damp and sweaty running gear.

"Next time we go running it might be worth bringing a change of clothing; that way you won't have to put on those rank sweaty clothes afterwards." I suggested.

"Good idea, I should have thought about that. Right oh, will do, I'll see you on Monday then? Will it be okay if I bring Aaron with me next time? It's just that he said if everything went well he would like to join us."

"Sure, more the merrier" I replied and shut the front door behind him.

MONDAY 5TH APRIL 2010

Dear diary, sorry about not writing an entry yesterday but nothing happened. Literally! It pissed down with rain all day, spent most of the day lounging around on the internet and watching old movies on the TV. Waste of a day, I guess but I enjoyed it in a way.....

Back to today, went for our planned jog round the park with Jason and Aaron. This time Jason was more prepared, they both had a change of clothing and like me they wore shorts and muscle vests for coolness. To be frank neither were particularly fit and this time they were exhausted after one lap, so we had a five minute break slowly walking before picking up the pace again. The dynamics with the three of us was different and I felt more like a father out with his two sons; slightly distanced as the two guys are such close mates.

Back at my flat we took it in turns to have showers. Jason went first, then Aaron and finally me. Jason, as ever took the lead by returning from the shower wearing just his towel as he had on Saturday. Aaron looked slightly surprised and looked at me in askance.
