 Hi! I am the Naked Llama. This is my first ever submission here in Literotica. If you are expecting that this story is going to have gay men going at it like rabbits, FAIL! This is not the story for you. This is the love story of Niclas and Lancelot. So expect more loving, less fucking. Sorry! L to the OL! I hope you have fun reading my story as much as I had fun writing it. Spraying some love!

*

My sleep was interrupted by the annoying shrill of the alarm clock by my bedside table. I reached up to turn the fucking thing off so I could doze off into a deep slumber again. Then two minutes later I suddenly sat up with the realization that today isn't just like any other day.

"Oh shit. I am getting married today. Oh my God. I am getting married today." 

I might have said it out loud because the man lying right beside me stirred and answered with a very sleepy voice.

"We, we are getting married today Niclas." Lancelot moved to face me, cupped my right cheek and pulled me on top of him. "How does it feel that only a few hours from now you would be tied down with me for the rest of your life?" Lancelot asked as he planted a kiss on my lips, he did not care whether I still had a bad morning breath, damn this guy surely is in love with me.

"Nervous as hell Lance, I think I might pass out, or get sick."

Lancelot wrapped his arms around me and hugged me tight. "Now Niclas, I would not want you passing out or getting sick on me later, I would not want our families and guest to think that I have gotten you pregnant even before our wedding."

"What? They would be fooling themselves if they even think I am still a virgin." And with that Lancelot and I came bursting with laughter.

"We should get up Niclas. I am taking a shower babe, care to join your husband-to-be?" 

"Nah, you go ahead, I will stay in bed a little longer."

"Lazyhead. In case you changed your mind, I will leave the bathroom door open." he said with a knowing smile and wiggled his bushy eyebrows. Lancelot grabbed his blue towel hanging on the chair then turned to walk towards the bathroom.

I know we have been busy and stressed out preparing for this special day months ago but it really had not dawned on me until this morning that this is really happening. I am getting married today. I am getting married to Lancelot Martin Simpson. I am getting married to the man whom I loved more than anything in this world. I am getting married to the man i want to share my life with (and my bed too) for the rest of my life. I know I am beginning to sound stupid and pathetic right now, but you can't really blame me for being so. Everything feels so surreal. I was there when my sister got married. I was there when Jessica, my best friend since high school, got married to Michael. I was there to witness it all but never it had crossed my twisted mind that there would come a time that I would be planning and participating on my own little dream wedding. All my life I made myself surrender to the idea that maybe it was not just meant for me. That maybe I am supposed to be lonely and gay for the rest of my life. I almost gave up a few years ago, until Lancelot came into my stressful yet fashionable life. I must have dozed off again for a few minutes when suddenly I was woken up by Lancelot, lying on top of me, his brown hair still dripping wet from the bath he had just taken. His eyes staring intently, full of love.

"You are so beautiful Niclas, and you are mine."

He leaned down and I met his lips for a kiss, my hands travelled down from his chest to his crotch, and found that he is already hard.

"Well someone here is too excited and can't wait for the honeymoon any longer."

I pushed Lancelot off of me and made him lie on his back. I kissed him again before sliding down to his dripping nine inches. I wrapped my hand around his shaft and stroked it slowly, making his cock leak more pre-cum from his piss hole. I used my tongue to collect the salty liquid from the head before wrapping my lips around his monster cock, enclosing my hands around the base and I heard Lancelot gasp in ecstasy. I continued to pleasure Lancelot with my tongue and mouth, licking every part of his manhood, tasting every inch of it, not missing his round heavy balls. Lancelot opened his eyes to look down on me and smiled at the sight of me giving him head. I continued to suck him then reached for both his hands to place them on my ears, giving Lancelot full control. He tightened his grip on my ears and started to face fuck me hard, pulling all the way out until only the head of his cock remains inside my mouth and pushing back until his cock hits the back of my throat. He was thrashing his hips violently on the bed, his grasp on my head starting to hurt. 

"Niclas, I am coming... oh I love you so much ... here it comes baby... I am coming... Swallow it all... oohh..." 

I felt Lancelot's balls tighten and his shaft stiffen, before filling my mouth loads of his sweet and salty cum with his back arched, head pressed into the pillow and eyes squeezed shut. I swallowed every drop he shot in my mouth and cleaned his limp cock afterwards. I looked up at him to see him grinning foolishly, obviously happy and satisfied. 

"And that is why I wanted to spend the rest of my life with you. " He said before pulling me into a hug.

"You want to marry me because I am good at bed?"

"No, that is one of the many reason why I love you. I want to marry you because I love you."

What did I do to possess the love of probably the sweetest (not to mention one of the hottest) guy in the world? I have no idea. 

***************

I knew it was hopeless, and I knew Jessica would keep on evading from answering it, but still I had to know. We were seating by the sewing machine and piles of different types of fabrics, were around us. My tools, papers with design sketches and coloring materials are everywhere. My workroom was a mess, and Jessica and I were friends long enough for her to get used to how disorganized and cluttered my things could get. This is a normal state of my things.

"Hey is this new? I have not seen you wear this one before." referring to my indeed new black and white pullover. 

"Yeah, I bought it last week. Jessica, will you please not change the topic? Answer my question."

"I know you know my answer to that stupid question."

She was doing her best not to answer the simple damn question, sometimes Jessica can be so difficult.

"I'll treat you for lunch today..."

"Jessica, you aren't going to bribe your way out of this conversation."

"I don't like him. End of discussion Niclas." Jessica is the sweetest girl I have ever met, but when it comes to the guys I date, she turns into a totally different person. 

"Why? Give me a good reason why you think Calvin is not the right guy for me?"

"I simply don't like him." Jessica said with a matching fake smile she usually does when she is trying to be patient with me. How dare her to have the nerve to act like that.

"Well I think you're just jealous."

Jessica tried not to laugh but she miserably failed.

"I beg your pardon? Eww. That is blasphemous and you know it."

"Jessica just admit it. You have the hots for me ever since and you can't just make your moves on me because you know I would not reciprocate." I said with so much conviction even if we both know that this is a lie. And impossible.

" Niclas. Shut up. That is just gross. You know very well that I am very much willing to sleep next to you but not with you." Just as Jessica was about to make an exit, I asked her again.

"Why don't you like Calvin?" 

Jessica turned to face me, walked a few steps towards me and looked me straight in the eyes.

"Because I don't think he loves you as much as you love him Niclas, how many guys you have dated before have treated you that way? Certainly not that many, but Calvin is definitely just like them."

"How can you say that? You don't even know the guy. You hated him since the day you met him."

"Trust me I know. I tried to like him, but I can't. Only I will be happy if you find a guy who loves you more than anything in this world." Then she looked around. "Go back to work honey, we still have lots of designs to finish. You would not want the witch to be mad at you for the millionth time this week. "

As Jessica turned to leave my workroom, Christian, the intern, went in to deliver the buttons, threads and zippers I have asked him to buy for me. He too left soon after letting me be so I can finish my designs and leaving me to reel in my own thoughts. The witch Jessica was pertaining about is our boss, Charlotte Worth, a top fashion designer who honed her craft many years in Paris, France before deciding to open up a line here in LA. Jessica and I are working for her as design assistants. More like as her slaves to be honest. Looks can be deceiving you know, she might not give off that certain arrogance fashion people tend to have on the outside, but she is one mean, spiteful, cruel one hell of a slave driver on the inside. You would not dare to see her lash out in anger. But in spite of all that, I love my job. I love fashion, what gay guy doesn't? But Jessica keeps on insisting that it isn't fashion and clothes that interests me, that it was the male models. Not true. 

I was already adding life to my sketches with the use of my colored pencils, a gift from Calvin last Christmas, when my phone rang. I had the difficulty of locating where the fucking cell phone was in the heap of clutter that surrounded my work area, but eventually I found it before the caller on the other end of the phone hang up.

"What took you so long to answer the goddamned phone? "It was Calvin, and he was pissed. I started to mumble an apology but he cut me off saying that my lame excuses do not interest him. 

"Anyway I called to say I won't be able to go to dinner with you tonight, something came up. Work. I really have to stay late in the office to finish some... stuff."

Calvin had cancelled our dinner date for the seventh time this month. This dinner was supposed to make up for the one he missed three days ago, which was also supposed to make up for the one he missed last week. I took a deep breath before speaking back. "Okay... It's okay Calvin. I understand."

"Is it baby?" I wanted to tell him the truth. I wanted to tell him how bad I felt that moment. I wanted to tell him that I am starting to feel like I am not his priority anymore. But with an economy in times like this, I totally understood why he has to work his ass off and get the promotion he had always wanted. He said it was for our future.

"Yeah, it's fine." I lied.

"Okay baby. Bye."

"I love you." he did not respond. Calvin already hung up.

After a long day at work, I decided that I wasn't even hungry anymore so I skipped dinner and went straight to bed. I was lying alone in bed when I realized that Calvin and I have not slept together for two weeks now. This was rare, because Calvin is definitely insatiable when it comes to sex. Something is up. I can't point out it yet, but I knew something is wrong.

*******************

"Oh yes Calvin... harder... fuck me harder..." I moaned in satisfaction as Calvin pumped his thick 7 inch cock into my ass harder and faster. It has been two weeks since we last did this so i was not in the mood for slow and gentle lovemaking. I wanted it as rough and hard as it can get and Calvin happily obliged to do so.

"Yeah baby take my cock. That's it baby clench that tight ass of yours. Your ass feels so good...." Calvin continued to fuck me on my bed while he was stroking my hard cock at the same time. I knew I would not last long and after five more strokes of my cock with his hand, I came so hard that I thought I was going to lose my consciousness. It felt so damn good.

Calvin just kept on fucking me and tried to hold his orgasm at bay, and came after a minute or so, filling my hole with his slimy manjuice. Then it hit me. Calvin did not use a condom. It's not like he isn't clean, but I don't let a guy, anyone, even my own boyfriend fuck me bareback.

The panic obviously showed on my face because Calvin was apologizing shortly after.

"I am sorry baby, I know you don't like being taken bareback. If you have not looked so sexy and tempting this morning, I would never got carried away and never had forgotten to put a rubber on."

He said this as he pulled me to his chest and covered my mouth with his. I pulled back to look at him.

"It's okay Calvin, it's not like you are fucking around my back." He suddenly tensed with the last part of my sentence.

"It's only you Niclas, no one else." As he stroked my cheek and planted another kiss on my lips.

"What time did you get home last night Cal?" 

"Around midnight I guess. I don't have any idea. I was too tired to care." he kissed me again, wanting to evade much prodding from me.

"I missed you Cal. We rarely see nowadays. We rarely fuck too."

"I know baby, but I got to work really really hard. For us." 

"I am not asking that much. I pretty much content of what we have." Calvin suddenly pushed me away and propped himself up with his elbows. He stared at me for a few seconds before sitting up on the edge of our bed and turning his back from me to put his underwear on.

"I have dreams you know." He stated and I clearly noticed the change of tone of his voice.

I sat up beside him and took his hands in mine. I looked up at his handsome face, his blue green eyes that was staring back at me, those perfect pouty lips I love to kiss, his dark hair a mess from our early morning fuck. "I love you Calvin."

I was expecting an answer coming from him when both of our cell phones coincidentally rang at the same time. He reached for both our phones over the bedside drawer and handed my phone to me. He stood up and walked out of our bedroom to answer his phone. I looked at the caller ID, Jessica. 

"Where on this freaking polluted and over populated earth are you?!"

"I am at home, on my bedroom, supposedly enjoying the afterglow of an early morning sex when you interrupted Calvin and me from it. And good morning to you too Jessica."

"Niclas, I do not care if you had just hot monkey sex with that boyfriend of yours, and definitely Charlotte would not give a damn either. Get your well fucked ass up here.NOW!"

I was suddenly taken aback with her screaming at me. Jessica usually does that when she is stressed. And when you're working for Charlotte Worth, stressed is what you'll feel most of the time.

"Okay okay just relax will you. What's the rush?" I asked because I totally have no clue of why Jessica was so agitated this early in the morning.

"Oh my god Niclas, he did fuck the brains out of you this time. I would pretend you did not ask that. Get here as quick as you can. Bye."

After my conversation with Jessica over the phone ended, I grabbed my towel and headed to take a bath. As I got inside the bathroom, I was contemplating on what was happening down the shop today that I obviously had forgotten or simply I was not informed or made aware of. I cannot remember if there was a photo shoot for a campaign ad scheduled for today. Do we need to change the store windows already? We just did that a couple of weeks ago. Most definitely not a fashion show, because if there was, I would not get a chance of a good night sleep last night. It would have been a busy night for all of us. Maybe a big client is going to visit the shop. Or maybe the witch just wanted to ruin our day. 

"Baby, are you in the shower?"

"No Calvin, I am in the kitchen. Just kidding. Of course, I am in the shower. Isn't obvious?"I smiled as Calvin slipped into the shower with me, pulling me into his arms and kissing me full on the lips. I can feel him rubbing his raging hard on between my legs and humping my cock until it was fully erect. I slid my hands down to encircle his seven inch cock and gave it a few strokes. He then turned me around from him and inserted a finger up my ass.

"Baby, I need to be inside you." Calvin panted into my ears and tongue fucked the insides of my ears after. I was moaning in pleasure as he continued to finger my hole with the middle finger if his right hand while stroking my dick with the left. I was about to let lust take me away when I realized I have no time for another round of fucking and that I needed to get to the shop because they need me there. I still have no idea why this early, but they need me there.

"Calvin... oh shit... i... can't.... oh yeah do that again... I mean no Cal... no... stop..."

"Stop what Niclas? This?" Calvin suddenly pulled his finger out from my tunnel then quickly replaced it with his drooling cock in one hard shove.

"Oh Calvin... please... I have to get to the shop... oh yeah Calvin... Oh you're so big..." 

"Not until I had my wicked way with you baby. I am going to fuck you so hard. I am going to assault this tight, hot butt of yours until it hurts."

I tried, but I miserably failed to fight the temptation of having Calvin's hard man rod up my hungry ass. He impaled me with his cock and when he was close he made me suck his dick. The other thing I did not like to do during sex besides a guy taking me without a condom on (which Calvin did for the second time this morning) is when a guy comes inside my ass. I simply don't like it.

He came into my mouth and filled it with spoonfuls of his cum. There was so much of it that I can't swallow it all until some of Calvin's cum started to dribble from my lips. I was still hard but I refused Calvin's offer of helping me out of it because I was really, really running late already. 

"Jessica is going to kill me." I told Calvin as I was getting dressed. Usually I need at least an hour to pick out and plan what I was going to wear to work, but today I settled for an old black statement shirt, a pair of white skinny jeans and my favorite pair of Converse. The one in apple green. Then I grabbed my black pinstriped jacket. Calvin hates fashion. He hates how much of a big deal it is for me when picking out what I will wear for the day. He hates how much money I spend on my clothes. But hey, I am a fashion designer, I am supposed to look fashionable.

"I'll drive you to work Niclas." 

"No Calvin, you don't have too. Besides, you are running late as well." I told him while checking out my reflection on the mirror. My outfit was simple, bordering to boring, but I look good. 

"It's okay baby. And besides, Jessica would not able to kill you if I am there with you." he said with a knowing smile. Calvin was aware that Jessica does not like him. Because Jessica made sure Calvin knows. 

"Hell yeah she couldn't." 

*****************

Calvin drove me all the way to the shop and spotted a not-so-pleased Jessica standing by the side road. She was pissed. All hell would definitely break loose once Calvin is out of sight. Calvin hugged me goodbye and gave me a light peck on the lips before letting me get out of his car. He greeted Jessica before driving away from the two of us but in her furious and annoyed state she only snapped back at him. Poor Calvin. 

"Be nice to the guy. I love him." I know she has all the right to get mad at me for being late, and for not remembering whatever I should remember, but she has no right to treat my boyfriend like that.

"You are late! You are an hour and fifty two minutes late! We are working in the fashion industry Niclas, time is everything, you should know better than that. And what's up with the shirt? You think that statement shirt will save you? "

Blah.blah.blah. I blocked out my best friend's annoying voice for a while and thought that maybe she will be happier if "I love you Jessica" was written all over my shirt instead of "Better late than never". Yeah I know, even my shirt was pathetic. I opened the door to the shop and immediately froze to the sight of male models waiting by the lounge area of the shop. And these aren't just male models, they were all strikingly gorgeous, attractive and six feet tall of perfection. I was about to back away and head straight out the door when Jessica blocked my way and shoving me towards the male models. Now I remember. Two weeks ago Charlotte talked to me about having a go-see for male models for an upcoming catalog of our new designs for next year. She assigned me to handle this go-see, because for one she can't be there due to a pre-scheduled commitment she has in London, and because she thinks I was the most appropriate and ideal for this job. Yeah right. Give it to the gay guy.
