 The Naked Llama is back and guilty of making his readers wait for the second chapter. I'm so sorry for making you wait for a long time. Spraying some love to y'all!




"Remember the time that you made me look like a carrot?"Lancelot asked me while I was arranging his bowtie for him, scowling at me. How could I ever forget that day? It was almost three years ago since that day Lancelot went to the store I was working at for a go-see. He was a male model while I was an assistant to a 46 year old fashion designer named Charlotte. It was a stressful Friday at work that led me to running into someone I knew back in high school, and to this day. 

"You enjoy making me look ridiculous."

"Ridiculously handsome Lancelot" as I try for the hundredth time that day to convince him that the suit I and Jessica designed for him looks good on him. He wanted a simple black tuxedo, but being the fashion designer that I am, I did not want boring, and a plain black tux on our wedding day is boring. 

Lancelot and I had many arguments over what we were going to wear on our wedding day. If I had it my way, I would have wanted my entire wedding entourage to look like they just came from the runways of a John Galliano Men's fall 2009 fashion show. That fashion show had featured pirates, armed revolutionaries in tricornes and dramatic, double-breasted, Revere collar coats, some embroidered with gold oak leaves. A half-man, half-goat half-dressed in couture-like feathered pants, washed leather jackets. With the six-pack abs painted on their torso. It was John Galliano's interpretation of Puck from Shakespeare's Midsummer Night Dream. And Beau Brummel-inspired dandies modeled dramatic formal wear including lushly embroidered coats and a silk shirt with an attached cape. I would love my wedding to be extravagant and over the top that Lady Gaga can easily fit in. Imagine being inside an alien-ish egg shaped capsule and carried by our wedding entourage instead of just walking down the aisle. Coolest wedding ever. Lancelot said that there is no way he would be wearing that much amount of make up outside his work as a model. When I asked him that if he wanted something inspired from Vivienne Westwood instead, he got irritated and I ended up on bed in all fours being fucked senseless.

We finally decided (or should I say I decided, and then Lancelot just went with it) that since he does not want anything too flamboyant, we settled for casual-sophisticate aesthetic. I made many sketches using black, rich reds and toxic pinks ranging in hue.

"I look gay."

"Lancelot, you are gay."

Before he can even respond to what I said Jessica opened the door and came rushing to our bedroom. She was wearing a short, tight hot pink dress that she designed herself, and white high heels, very reminiscent of 80's fashion. She paused to look at Lancelot from head to toe and told him that he indeed looked good, before turning towards me and hugged me very tight, dropping her purse down to the bedroom floor.

"Niclas! Congratulations! Who would have thought I will live to see this day!"

"Yeah. I thought happily ever afters are only meant for straight people. " I pulled away from her arms and planted a kiss on her cheek.

"That's bullshit, and you know it."

Jessica has been my best friend ever since high school. We were born on the same day, on the same year. We have the same taste in music (we love the Irish band The Script and the synthpop band Cobra Starship. I find their lead vocalist Gabe Saporta very sexy). We are fans of the hit reality show Survivor but would not dare to try out for the show because we hate camping out. We both hate zombie-infested flicks because we end up having nightmares being chased by a mob of undead freaks. And most of all, we love fashion, that's why we ended up going to a fashion school together in New York, and both got hired by Charlotte to work for her after graduating. I would never wish for a life without Jessica in it. Even if she drives me crazy sometimes. No, scratch that, every time.

"And as for you," turning to face Lancelot "Thank you for making my best friend the happiest gay guy in the world right now."

"It's a hard task but someone has got to do it you know. I'll go ahead babe, see you at the wedding." He reached out to pull me from Jessica's arms and pulled me in his, then planted a kiss on my lips after.

Lancelot left the room leaving me with Jessica who can't seem to wipe off that stupid grin on her face.

"Are you ready Niclas?"

"I am nervous Jess. What if I mess up my lines or forget Lancelot's name? What if I fall with my face first while walking down the aisle? What if Lancelot suddenly realizes he doesn't want to get married to me and leave me standing at the altar? That happens in the movies sometimes." I totally felt like a ball of nerves about to explode any moment now.

"Just relax will you? You are going to do great and nothing will ever go wrong. I'm so happy for you Niclas. I'm glad you finally found someone who truly loves you. After dating a bunch of assholes and a douche bag, it's a good thing you ended up with someone like Lance."

"I know. I can't still believe that this is actually happening. Tell me that this is for real, that I'm not dreaming. Oww!"

While I was babbling away I did not notice that Jessica took two steps towards me to slap the back of my head. 

"Did you feel that?"

"Hell yeah I did! Do you really need to hit me that hard? That hurts!"

"Good. That only proves that you are wide awake and you're not in a dream. You are getting married to one of the hottest male model in the fashion industry. The most wonderful man you ever had. You are one lucky bitch!"

She was right. As much as I hate to admit it, Jessica was always right. Lancelot loves me. He chose me and now he is waiting at the church for me because he wants to spend the rest of his days with me.

I sighed and sank down on the edge of the bed, pulling Lancelot's pillow and wrapping my arms tightly around it. Taking in the smell of the man I love from his pillow. "How did I get so lucky?"

"Thanks to me darling. Thanks to me." Jessica stated while patting both of my shoulders. I smiled at her. Jessica took a lot of credit to herself and reminded me a lot of times that if wasn't for her, I would not have Lancelot in my life. I was left with no choice but to agree with her.

***************

He got the job. Lancelot Simpson was booked for the catalog. The witch Charlotte picked him after I sent her thru email the pictures, some info and my reviews about the male model s that went on the go-see. I was getting ready to go to sleep when she called me all the way from London to tell me that she liked two models in particular, and asked me to contact their agencies and the photographer right away. I was surprised that she decided to hire the Brazilian model Adriano, and very pleased to find out that she liked Lancelot too. I was looking forward to see Lancelot again and to be able to work with an old friend. She even noticed Lancelot's clothes on his test shots and she reminded me not to make him look like a carrot again. 

"Who was that?" Calvin asked.

"It's my boss Calvin."

"The witch eh? Why did she call you this late in the evening?" He was lying naked on our bed, his legs spread while slowly stroking his already hard dick with his right hand. 

"She wanted me to call some male models to inform them that they got booked for the job. I'll do it first thing in the morning." I placed my cell phone down on the bedside table and stripped down to my boxers before joining Calvin on our bed. I straddled his legs, pulled his hand away from his cock and replaced it with my hand. I gave it a few strokes before licking its head, tasting his pre-cum.

"I hoped that job that they are going to get from you is not the kind of job I love getting from you." I couldn't tell if he was only joking because I noticed a hint of jealousy from his words.

"How many times am I going to tell you that I'm not fucking the male models we hire?" 

Calvin hates my job. Calvin hates fashion. Calvin hates male models. He thinks every male model I work with is going to steal me from him. He even punched a male model with blonde curly locks named Benjamin on the backstage of one of our past runway shows when he tried to surprise me by visiting me at work. I was just talking to the guy when suddenly he appeared out of nowhere and punched Benjamin on his left jaw, knocking him down to the floor. Benjamin tried to fight back but the other male models and the security personnel of the show had already interfered and stopped the two of them from kicking each other's butts. I was so embarrassed by the whole fiasco caused by my boyfriend. Calvin did not even apologize to the guy and I felt sorry for him for getting punched on his "money maker". Charlotte almost fired me because of that incident and promised her that such thing will never happen again. Yeah, Calvin is a D-bag sometimes.

Calvin grabbed my head and increased his grip on my hair. He pulled me down roughly to his crotch, my face is level with his throbbing dick. He wrapped his free left hand around the base of his cock and slapped my face with it. He yanked my head back a little further and rubbed the head of his 7 inch cock on my lips. He arched his lower body trying to get the head of his cock into my mouth.

"Convince me."

I knew exactly what to do to convince him, I enclosed my mouth around its head and swirled my tongue, licking its tip and washing it with my spit. I reached up to Calvin's mouth and made him suck two of my fingers, before lifting and pulling his ass apart and pushing both fingers in his tight sphincter. I slowly fingered his hole, retreating a bit then entering more deeply. Then I wrapped my other hand around his thickness, jacking him off. When he moaned I looked up to see his eyes tightly shut, his left hand now on his chest, playing with his nipples. Calvin was still holding my head in place, urging me to take his cock deeper in my mouth, to fingerfuck him faster, but I didn't. I maintained my slow pace instead and grinned with his cock in my lips when he pushed back against me, trying to take my fingers deeper.

"Faster babe, make me come."

I stood up slowly, letting go of his cock from my mouth. "Where's your manners babe? Say please."

"Please." He breathed.

"I can't hear you."

"PLEASE!"

I obliged and violently slid my fingers in and out of his ass and went back to his cockhead, increasing the suction I was applying this time as I masturbated him in rough and rapid motions. My cheeks hollowed while my tongue pressed behind the head.

"Harder baby, harder!"

Since it was what he wanted, that's what I gave him. I sucked, finger fucked, and wanked him harder. Calvin raised his head from his pillow and closed his eyes tightly. He yelled as he reached his climax, cried out my name and came hard. His cock spurting his release into my mouth, down to my throat, his ass clenching around my fingers. When his orgasm subsided Calvin fell back on the bed, and after a few minutes he was fast asleep, leaving me awake and horny as hell. I went to sleep dissatisfied and woke up the next day with a morning wood, still hard and horny from last night. Calvin passed out on me after an intense orgasm and failed to return the favor for me. I reached out to his side of the bed, hoping to finally getting relief, but he was already gone for work. Too early for work. 

***************

Early Monday morning I found myself waiting for Jessica and the male models to arrive on the set of the photo shoot for our catalog. Isaac, the photographer and Charlotte's ex-husband was already on set, reading the newspaper and drinking his coffee. They had a divorce two years ago and remained as friends after. He is now married to a pretty brunette who is the same age as their youngest daughter. Actually she was their youngest daughter's best friend. How sick is that?

Christian was early too and looked very fashionable today in his black and white garb and quirky shoes with purple shoelaces. He was checking all the clothes on the rack that we will be using for the shoot, making sure we didn't forget anything we would need, while talking to Donna. Donna is our resident make-up artist and she is over-accessorized as always. Bangles, bracelets, rings, necklaces, chokers, earrings, belts, hairclips, ribbons are everywhere. I have no idea how she is able to do her job with all those accessories all over her body.

Jessica arrived and the two male models followed shortly after. Lancelot walked towards me and greeted me with a big, sweet smile on his face.

"How's your weekend Niclas?"

He absolutely looked delicious today. He was wearing a white shirt that is sinfully too tight, showing off his bulging muscles and a pair of equally tight jeans. His hair was a mess and all over the place but he still looked very handsome. I turned all shades of red when Lancelot noticed that I was staring at him.

"Like what you see babe?"

What the hell? He didn't just call me babe. He is starting to get over confident and assuming again.

"Lancelot Simpson. You know what they say about assuming too much. It makes an ASS of YOU and ME. No, I don't like what I see and I'm not interested at you at all." I lied. I was totally sporting a hard on right now with just a sight of him.

"He turned you down man!"Adriano was standing beside him, smiling.

"I can change his mind Adriano. Let me take you out for dinner tonight Niclas."

Sure! I would love to.

"l... I... I can't Lancelot."

"You can't or you won't?" he was obviously disappointed that I refused his offer to take me out for dinner. I was not able to answer his question and tell him the truth because Isaac had already called them to get the photo shoot started. He walked away from me and went straight to Donna and Christian to get him ready. I like him, I am attracted to him. But having these feelings towards Lancelot is considered cheating and being unfaithful to my boyfriend Calvin. 

The shoot went on perfectly. Lancelot and Adriano were both good models and they produced stunning and breath taking photographs. They worked and modeled the clothes very well and I can see Charlotte in my mind smiling when she sees both their films after and would definitely be satisfied at the outcome. I have the feeling she might hire those two gorgeous guys to model for her again. Jessica noticed that I was strangely silent all throughout the day and asked what was bothering me. Jessica is my best friend. I had to tell her the truth.

"Lancelot asked me out. I refused his offer"

"What? Why didn't you say yes?"

Jessica had lost her mind. She had forgotten that I have a boyfriend. Or maybe she was too stubborn to acknowledge that I have one. She hates Calvin to death that she totally refused to believe that he exists.

"Are you kidding me? I have a boyfriend."

"Oh that D-bag? You turned down Lancelot for someone like that? Calvin isn't even worth it darling."

Lancelot and Jessica were close friends during high school. They already knew each other even before Jessica and I became best friends. 

"Are you freaking crazy Jess? You are asking me to cheat on my boyfriend and probably break his heart because of this!" 

"He obviously had broken yours already."

I was surprised by what she said. 

"What do you mean?"

"I am your best friend Niclas, you can't lie to me. I know you're not happy with him anymore."

She was right. She was always right. I tried to ignore it at first and refused to believe it was happening. I seemed to be falling out of love with Calvin. The growing attraction I have for Lancelot making that process faster. Technically speaking I am still in a relationship with him. Going out with someone else besides him is cheating. Cheating is bad. Cheating is wrong. 

***************

Calvin was supposed to take me out to dinner tonight, but he cancelled. Again. He called me after we wrapped up the shoot telling me he had to work late. Again. He said that he will just make it up to me tomorrow and hang up on me without even saying "I love you" back. Again. These habits he was starting to develop didn't go unnoticed by me and was added to the long list of reasons of why I am starting to fall out of love with him. Jessica said she has to go home early tonight and can't join me for dinner. Now I am hungry, and alone. I walked out of the studio to go somewhere to eat and noticed Christian and Adriano talking just outside the building. I was about to walk towards them to bid goodbye when suddenly Adriano leaned down and kissed Christian on his lips.

"Don't disturb them, Adriano and your friend are busy."

I turned to see Lancelot behind me, his face blank and the tone of his voice expressionless.

"Jessica told me you've changed your mind."

Changed my mind? When the hell did I change my mind? The next time I see Jessica I would definitely be reminding her that she is a fashion designer, not some matchmaker.

"What? No, she was just joking. You know Jessica, she loves to pull pranks on others."

"Yeah whatever."

He grabbed my wrist and pulled me to his car. I struggled to get free from his hand but his grip was too tight. I was starting to get a little freaked out by Lancelot's actions.

"Lancelot let me go! You're hurting me!" 

Lancelot stopped walking and reluctantly let my hand break free from his death grip. He took a deep breath before proceeding to speak.

"Look Niclas, I'm just asking you to come eat dinner with me. That's all I'm asking from you. I have no plans of taking you home with me and have hot and wonderful sex all night long, though I would love that but no, it's just a dinner."

He took three more steps to his car and looked back at me to ask me if I was coming. I was hesitant at first but I said yes.

***************

Lancelot brought me to an Italian restaurant a few blocks away from the location of our shoot. Calvin and I had been here a lot of times before and the food they serve here tastes heavenly. Lancelot remained silent and only opened his mouth when the handsome blonde waiter took our orders. He was staring at me while waiting for our food to arrive. His stare was so intense and I definitely saw a mix of desire and longing in his perfect blue eyes. It was intimidating and at the same time I was starting to get really pissed off with his silent treatment. I couldn't take it any longer.

"Is this your idea of having a good time?"

He smiled. Damn that perfect smile of his. "I'm having a good time."

Stop flirting with me! I am close, this close, so fucking close to forgetting about being faithful to Calvin and just giving in to this six feet four inches temptation seating across the table. 

"How long have you been modeling?" Right. Maybe diverting our conversation to another topic will help ease the tension between the two of us.

"I started when I was eighteen. My then boyfriend who works for a modeling agency introduced me to his boss, and that same agency signed me "

Whoa! Rewind and freeze. Did he say boyfriend? He did! Great, just great. He's gay too. I got so distracted and zoned out for a while that I didn't hear what he was saying.

"I said I always knew you would be working for the fashion industry."

"What do you mean by that?"

"You were always the stylish one when we were still in high school. You have no idea how you were able to turn people's heads in school with your clothes. Instead of books, you have Vogue magazines in your bag. I would always see you in the library sketching designs instead of reading. You designed and created Jessica's prom dress. I'm sure everyone had no doubts what career path you were going to take."

Nothing I haven't heard before but this coming from him, it surprised me. I had no idea he had noticed me and paid this much of attention on me before. Nobody cared about my existence when we were in high school to the point that nobody even tried bullying me. The conversation between us went on all throughout the dinner but I still haven't told him I have a boyfriend, and I didn't want to lie to this guy. 
