 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This series contains straight sex, bisexual sex, gay sex and incest.

***

ONE MORE TIME

Wednesday had proven to be a jam-packed day. Dustin got back to the hotel about 7:30 PM. More than wanting to eat, he needed to unwind. He decided to relax in the hotel spa area. He put on his swimsuit and the hotel supplied robe. Using a plastic cup, he poured a scotch from the mini-bar and headed for the elevator. Stopping at the ice machine he put a few cubes in his drink. The elevator stopped on the third floor and Barry with another young man got on it. Barry blushed but did not acknowledge Dustin, who remained discreet. 

They got off on the main floor and Dustin took the elevator to the spa level. Using his room key, he let himself in and he was pleased to see that the Jacuzzi was unoccupied. He hung up the robe, turned on the timer and eased into the hot bubbly water. There was just something about Jacuzzis that he loved. He relaxed sipping his drink and then thought about his life.

It certainly took a turn after marrying Margaret and then fucking his gay stepson. He had always been enamored with super-fine asses. Lately however, he had become addicted to them. He enjoyed fucking sweet gay asses as much as a scrumptious female ass. It had started with Brandon and then his gay friends. Margaret had introduced him to the Greek sisters who loved anal. Recently it was Sharon and of course he could not forget Ronnie. Then last night he had let his guard down with Barry, who had a shapely ass and turned out to be a good fuck.

His thoughts were interrupted when the spa door opened and of all people, Barry entered.

"Hi, I was hoping I would find you here. Thanks for being cool on the elevator. That was my brother and he is not thrilled having a gay brother."

"Sure, no problem, I like to be discreet too."

Barry took off his robe and he was wearing a tight-fitting Speedo bikini. It was beige in color and he almost looked nude in it. It was so snug that the outline of his curvy ass was prominent displayed. He got in the Jacuzzi and sat across from Dustin.

"I thought you were leaving."

"Tomorrow, I head home tomorrow."

"Me too, my flight is at 11:00. When is yours?"

"I'm driving. It is about the same amount time when you consider driving to the airport and check-in."

"Not for me, it would be at least a six hour drive. Besides I don't come here very often, just for a family visit."

As they were talking the time expired and Barry offered to reset it. He got out of the Jacuzzi and Dustin stared at the shapely ass. The wet swimsuit was just about transparent and the crack of his bottom was very visible. Dustin felt that familiar twinge in his loins. Barry got back in and smiled at Dustin.

"That is quite the swimsuit."

"You like it?"

"Well it doesn't leave much to the imagination."

"I usually don't wear it in a public place."

"You do have a nice ass."

"Thanks, I know that you like it. Ever have sex in a Jacuzzi?"

"Yes, several times but I'm not doing it in a hotel Jacuzzi."

Barry laughed and slid over next to Dustin. He placed his hand on Dustin's thigh and slid in under the swim trunks.

"Barry, I'm serious. I'm not having sex in here."

"Come to my room then, okay.?"

"Okay, now move back over there before someone comes in here."

They waited until the time expired and then they got out of the hot tub. Using the small men's locker room, they showered and rinsed out the swimwear. Barry did not put his back on and just wore the robe. Dustin thought about it and did the same thing. They carried their wet swimsuits back to the room. It was odd for Dustin to know they were both naked under the robes. Once in the room, Barry offered Dustin a drink.

"I'll go and get some ice if you want a scotch."

"Don't bother, I'll have a beer."

Barry got a beer for Dustin and a white wine for himself. He shed his robe and stretched out naked on the bed. Dustin sat in the chair, keeping his robe on while he drank the beer.

"You know it sucks that my family doesn't accept that I am gay, especially these days."

"I agree. When I married my wife, I knew that her son was gay and accepted it."

"A gay stepson, how old is he?"

"He's 19. A sophomore in college."

"Wow, how old is your wife?"

"She's 40 but looks much younger."

"And you are?"

"I'm 28."

"Can I ask you a very personal question?"

"You can ask but I may not answer."

"Have you done it with your stepson?"

"Yes, many times, my wife can't take my cock in her ass, so I get my anal fix with my stepson. He has a scrumptious ass. Actually, you kind of remind me of him."

"Oh wow, it that ever hot. You wife is okay with that?"

"Yes, we even have threesomes. It's a great relationship."

"A great relationship, it sounds fantastic. I got a woody thinking about it."

"I can see that."

Dustin stood up, took off his robe and walked over to the side of the bed. Barry rolled to his side and took the big dick in his mouth. Dustin was anxious to fuck the pretty gay young man but he let the mouth get him hard first. Barry stroked his own cock as he sucked Dustin's. After a few minutes, Dustin was ready to take the lovely ass again. He backed away taking his cock out of Barry's mouth.

"How do you want me?"

"Let's start with you on all fours. I like looking at your ass when I fuck you."

"The lube is in the bathroom."

Dustin got the lube as Barry positioned himself on the bed. He was on his knees with his head on the mattress turned to the side when Dustin returned. He looked vulnerable and sexy with his lovely bottom turned up waiting to be fucked. Dustin knelt on the bed and caressed the curvy buttocks for a few minutes. Next, he applied the lube to the rubbery ring and fingered it gently. Within seconds he had one finger sliding in and out easily so he added a second one. Satisfied that Barry was ready, he lubed his dick and moved in behind the pretty gay man. 

Holding his stiff dick in his hand he placed it at the anus and pressed forward. Barry reached back with both hands and pulled his cheeks apart. The big dick entered the chamber slowly and disappeared into the receptive bottom. Barry moaned softly and released his buttocks. His hands were replaced with Dustin's who fondled the sweet cheeks as he fucked the near perfect ass. He was again reminded of his stepson.

Barry's ass chute was warm and tight as Dustin went deeper and deeper into him. Once he was all the way in, he started a slow fucking motion. He continued to pump the sweet ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts. He continued to caress smooth round ass as he fucked it. Barry asked Dustin to fuck him harder and quicker. So, he picked up the pace and he pounded the incredible ass faster and faster. His balls started bouncing off of Barry's perineum and he moaned with each thrust of the big cock. Dustin could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed into the receptive ass. 

He fired a barrage of cum into the warm passage filling it to overflowing. It was as big a discharge as ever. As Dustin continued to move, his cum backed up in the rectum and oozed out flowing over Barry's balls. Barry cried out as he was filled with cock and semen. He dipped his head and groaned as the stiff shaft wormed its way around in his tight passage and stuffed his rectum. There was the rewarding feeling of fullness in his ass. 

Determined to cum again, Dustin resumed moving slowly. He was pleased by how much he liked fucking Barry. In this position he could only see the curvy ass and it was just like fucking a woman. He really got into it and he started caressing the shapely buttocks again as his cock slid all the way in and out. Barry had completely adjusted to the cock in his ass and he actually liked the feel of it sliding in and out, pushing the semen around in his rectum. Barry pushed his ass back to receive all of Dustin's cock.

The two young men were now caught up in the act and Barry began to moan, groan and tell Dustin to fuck him. Dustin was incredibly turned-on and he felt his second release building in his balls. He loved watching his cock slide in and out of Barry's shapely ass. As much as Dustin tried to prolong his ejaculation his body took over and he fired another massive load into the gripping rectum. Barry's eyes widened when he felt the surge of the second discharge and he instinctively contracted his sphincter muscles around the spurting shaft. Dustin pressed forward burying his cock in scrumptious ass and savored the feeling of his ejaculation. Dustin remained in him as Barry squeezed the cock with his sphincter muscle until the cock eventually slipped out. 

Dustin stared for a moment at the beautiful ass that he had just fucked. He had never expected to get laid that night but he was glad that he did. Barry remained on all fours for a few more minutes as he expelled some cum from his anus. Barry felt the semen ooze from his hole and trickle down the inside of his thighs. The feeling was erotic to him and he now needed to get off. Barry rolled over on his back and grabbed his erect cock and began to jerk off.

"I need to get off. Can you fuck me some more?" 

"I just came twice. I can't cum again just now"

"You don't have to cum, just keep your cock in me until I do"

Dustin moved to the side of Barry in a modified spoon position. Dustin was on his left side when he put his cock back in. Barry was on his back with his right leg raised as Dustin held it up. The crook of Dustin's elbow held the back of Barry's knee. Barry called out in passion as he rapidly stroked his cock.

"Oh god, oh god, oh fuck, yeah, oh fuck. I'm going to cum."

Dustin watched as several jets flew out of the stiff dick and rocketed passed Barry's head landing on the pillow. More streams followed landing on his chest and abs. It was quite a load and even more oozed out coating Barry's hand and puddling around his pubes. Dustin was used to seeing big loads from the teens but he was surprised to see so much from Barry. He eased his cock out of the well-fucked ass and Barry's dropped his leg to the bed.

"That was fantastic. I haven't cum like that in a long time." 

"You are a good fuck Barry, I'll give you that. I really like your ass. I have to get going now, I have an early morning meeting."

"Let me give you my business card Dustin. Just in case you are ever in the area."

Barry got out of bed and got a card out of his wallet. Dustin could not help but look at the shapely ass again. In a way it was too bad they were both leaving the next day as Dustin was sure that he would fuck the lovely bottom again. Dustin got up and put on his robe. He put the card in his pocket and got his wet swim suit from the bathroom. He thanked Barry for a great evening and then returned to his room. It was nearly midnight when he lay down in his own bed.

GOOD TO BE HOME

Dustin left the office at 3:00 PM on Thursday and got home about 7:30. He and Margaret were happy to see each other as it had been nearly two weeks. They went to bed and made love before anything else. Afterward they donned their bathrobes and had cocktails in the family room.

"So, you had a busy two weeks."

"Yes, crazy busy but I got a lot done. How was your weekend with the sisters?"

"Oh my God, those two are always full of surprises. Of course, we had great sex as always but they had this new toy. Delia called it Purple Passion."

"Tell me about it. Is it purple?"

"Yes, most if it is purple. It's a vibrating dildo that is as big as your cock. The best thing though is that the head rotates 360 degrees."

"Really?"

"Oh yes, it is wild. I can feel it vibrating on my clit as the head goes in circles inside me. When I hold it just right, the tip will hit my g-spot."

"Did you all use it?"

"Heaven's yes! We did other things too but that was the cat's meow."

"You should get one for yourself."

"I am. Delia going to order one for me."

"I'll be anxious to see it. I going to get another drink. Want another wine?"

"Yes, one more. So, have you found some sweet ass to fuck yet in that city."

"You know about Sharon. She was out of town this week."

"Find any cute gay men to play with?"

"There are plenty of them in the city and many of the hotel staff are gay. The office just happens to be on that side of town. I could get laid every night if I wanted. I did meet one cute gay young man who reminded me of Brandon."

"Did you fuck him?"

"Yes, a couple of times. He wasn't a local and was staying at the hotel."

"I guess you didn't miss Sharon then."

"Oh, I did, I much prefer sex with her. You'll have to meet her sometime. She's pretty and great in bed."

"Is she bisexual too?"

"Yes, she told me that she has been with girls but she prefers men."

"Can we do something special this weekend? Tomorrow is my last day at the office and the staff is taking me out. I'd like to do something on Saturday or Sunday other than stay at home."

"Sure, what about a show and dinner for starters?"

"That sounds good."

"Okay, I see if we can get tickets for either the Saturday or Sunday matinee. Then we can dine at D'Angelo's, you like that place."

"I like that. I should go to bed now. I still have one more day at work."

A WELCOME VISITOR

On Friday morning Margaret kissed her husband good bye and reminded him that the staff was taking her out after work. He told her to have a good time and went back to sleep for about an hour. Later he got up, showered and got the morning paper off the front porch. He noticed that is was unseasonably warm for a February day. Dustin ate breakfast and read the paper with a second cup of coffee. It was nearly 11:00 AM when the phone rang.

"This is Dustin."

"Hi it's Tyler. I was hoping you might be home."

"Hi Tyler, what's up."

"I was wondering if you would like some company. Can I come over."

"Sure, I'm just hanging out reading the paper. Come on over"

"Great be there in a jiff."

Dustin smiled to himself as he had not expected to have sex that day. He was sure that Margaret would be wasted when she got home from partying. Then he remembered to call the box office. He called and was able to get tickets for the Sunday matinee. Then he called the restaurant and made reservations for Sunday evening. He just finished with his calls when the doorbell rang. Tyler had arrived.

"Hi come on in, how have you been?"

"Oh, okay but I really missed you the past two weeks."

"It is really a nice day, one of the Indian Summer days. I was going to bring the coffee outside and hit the Jacuzzi too."

"Oh, that sounds fantastic."

I going to get a robe and I'll bring the coffee outside. Go to Brandon's room, you can undress there and use his robe."

Tyler was excited as they were not wasting anytime. He went to Brandon's room, undressed and placed his clothes on the chair. He took a robe from the closet and wore it out to the pool deck. Dustin was already in the hot tub and Tyler put his robe next to other one. He looked as good as ever and Dustin took in the sweet curvy teen ass. Tyler got in the hot tub and Dustin handed him the thermal cup of coffee.

"So, no classes today?"

"No, I don't have any on Friday this term. I'm taking a class at night instead."

"That's handy, you can have long weekends."

"Can I sit next to you?"

"Of course, you can."

Tyler slid over next to the muscular body. Dustin like the feel of Tyler's smooth soft skin. Tyler dropped his hand into Dustin's lap and he smiled when he found the big dick in an erect state. He stroked the thick shaft under the water and desperately wanted to taste it. Since the air was so warm that day, Dustin sat on the edge to the jacuzzi offering his cock to the teen to suck. Tyler's head bobbed up and down. He leaned over Dustin who reached behind the teen and squeezed his buttocks.

He decided to cum in Tyler's mouth knowing that he could cum again and spend a longer time fucking the pretty teen. Between a first class blow job and Tyler fondling his testicles, Dustin shot a substantial load into the teen's mouth. He did warn him first but Tyler wanted to taste him and stayed glued to the spurting cock. They stayed in the hot tub a while longer and then decided to go inside. Anxious to get fucked now, Tyler went straight to Brandon's room.

When Dustin entered the room, Tyler was on all fours in the stepson's bed. Dustin located the lube where Brandon always kept it and he prepared the sweet ass for a good fuck. Tyler's cock was rock hard as he always stayed hard especially when he was being fucked. Kneeling behind the pretty gay teen, Dustin eased his dick into the well-lubed channel. The soft spongy mushroom head pushed passed the snug rubbery ring and nestled in the warm chute.

"Oh boy, I forgot how good you feel in my ass. I love it."

"You do have a beautiful ass but it even looks better with my cock in it."

Tyler gasped slightly with the penetration as his sphincter stretched once again to accept the big cock. Once past the taut ring, he fucked him slowly as Tyler's ass opened up and he was once again able to take the big thick cock. Dustin picked up the pace and soon his hips were slamming into the sweet teen bottom. The curvy buttocks would jiggle each time and Dustin loved the effect. He felt his orgasm building again and he knew that he would dump another substantial load in the receptive ass. Tyler felt Dustin stiffen and make one final thrust as he buried his cock in deep. Tyler felt cum surge into him and he felt the cock throb with each spurt. Dustin was glad that he had been able to cum so much a second time.

The sphincter clenched and unclenched as it massaged the thick cock and drew every drop of cum from the shaft. Dustin kept pressed against the bottom and let his cock be milked dry. Tyler couldn't hold that position any longer and he collapsed forward on the bed. Dustin stayed with him and lay on top of smooth skin with his cock still buried in the sweet ass. Dustin felt the soft hairless skin against his own and he liked the feeling. He then realized that he had been crushing the smaller body so he pushed himself up keeping his arms on either side of Tyler. Dustin then rocked back on his haunches and his softening cock slipped from the dilated anus.

Tyler remained on his stomach face down on the bed as he recovered from being thoroughly fucked. Dustin looked over at twitching pucker and he could see cum oozing from it. He caressed the curvy smooth ass and then he played with the rubbery ring. He pushed his finger into the cum filled hole and Tyler wiggled his ass in response. Tyler then pushed himself up on all fours. It was then that Dustin noticed that Tyler had cum on the bed. He could see the wet spots on the sheets and he knew it was from the teen's ejaculation.

"Oh Dustin, that was one of my best fucks ever. I really miss you when you're not home."

"I'm glad you like getting fucked. I love your ass and I like fucking you."

"I think that I messed the bed sheets,"

"No problem, I'll do laundry this weekend. Now let's grab a shower and I'll get lunch for us." 

They let the shower water cascade over their bodies and cleanse them of all semen. Then they dried off and put just the robes back on. They took a break for lunch as Dustin made sandwiches and served beer. Tyler helped with the cleanup and he was anxious for more of Dustin's marvelous cock. He wanted to be fucked one more time. They sat in the family room area with their beers but then Tyler went to work on the thick cock, working it into an erect state.

Tyler was always taken with Dustin's impressive cock and he spent a lot of time kissing it and licking it keeping it hard. Dustin was getting turned on by the thought of burying his cock in the shapely ass one more time. He took off Tyler's robe and draped it over the sofa. He then had Tyler kneel on the robe facing the back of the sofa. Not taking any chances of injuring the teen, he re-lubed the sweet ass.
