 The following weekend would be our first large meet of the season. Coach Homes added extra morning practices with both weights and swimming, so there would be two daily three hour workouts per day over next two weeks. It was tough, but definitely would make a difference in my preparation. I attempted to steer clear of Kent, which was difficult since we both swam breaststroke. He noticed on the first day I kept my distance in the morning practice, and caught me in locker room about to head into the showers. 

"What with the cold shoulder, Mike?" he asked. 

"Oh, I'm just trying to focus on the first meet, I want to make sure I do well my first time out." 

"You have nothing to worry about. You have the second fastest times, and I'm sure the coach will put you in most of the events. Just make sure you stay focused, and don't over train. You don't want to be tired for the meet. And of course, eat lots of protein," He grinned. 

I became a little more daring in my sarcasm. "And let me guess, you know where I can get it". 

"No, YOU know where you can get it," he quipped back. He snapped his fingers and pointed down to his dick. I knew that was my cue to get to work. I kept telling myself that I would not let him boss me around and use me anymore, but every time he flashed his champion dick and winning smile, I would up giving in. Who could resist that world class slab of beef he had poking out of his briefs? I looked around to see if there was anyone in the locker room, and I knelt down on the floor by the bench in front of him. This had to be quick because we ran the risk of getting caught. 

Kent smartly turned the lock on the locker room door and returned to feed his ginormous cock to me. His orange speedo was around his ankles as I opened my mouth wide as I descended all the way to the base. Once I was comfortably nestled in his pubes, I held my mouth it there and moaned for a few seconds, eliciting a reaction from Kent. I could feel his dick throbbing in the back of my throat. As I pulled all the way off his dick, I licked some of the magic drops of liquid off his head. I looked up at him and said "Mmmmmm" as I swallowed that delicious drop which was the essence of his manhood. I then began to increase my speed on his cock with my mouth, drooling all over it as I increased the force of my suction. 

"Aaagh, fuck man!" screamed Kent as he held on to the lockers for support. He was getting weak in the knees as I tightened my lip lock on his cock. I especially made sure I worked the head, moving my tongue around the edges and coaxing more precum out of his slit. It drove him wild. I also made sure I stared him right in the eyes as I bobbed up and down on his prick. I wanted to see the different reactions my mouth could get from him. 

"Holy shit Mike," I can't take much more, he said quietly. Kent had recognized my oral prowess. After all, one good cocksucker can recognize another. I moved my hand around his hips and pulled him into me and started really going down to the base on each stroke. Kent was leaking like a faucet and I eagerly accepted those mini shots of cum that leaked out from his engorged prick. I also liked this feeling of control. I knew I could drive Kent wild and make him cum when I wanted him to. It was a refreshing change from the usually tight control he kept over me. I guess that since this time I didn't question or fight, he was a lot more docile. 

After a few long sucks, Kent's balls, which had been held in my hand, tightened up. I knew he would be unleashing his usual flood of sperm. I kept working like a Hoover and heard Kent say, "Baby, I'm coming, eat me." He stiffened like a board and held the lockers for support as he shot his thick sticky jizz into my mouth. I stared up at him and moaned as I gobbled up every drop. He looked back with a look of utter satisfaction. He let out one last shot with a thrust. I saw his chest rise and fall with each heavy breath he took. He looked a little weak in the knees and finally collapsed on the bench in front of me. 

"Amazing, Mike, amazing," he panted. He placed his hands on both sides of my head, leaned down and kissed me on the lips. I was shocked. He held me tight and I felt his tongue pry my lips open. This first kiss with another man was passionate, a lot stronger than any kiss I had with a woman. My head was swimming with lust and desire as I felt the heat of the energy between us. We both uttered grunts of satisfaction. I knew that swallowing Kent from the beginning had been the right decision, the only decision. His hand reached down to my suit and he felt my enormous bulge. His tongue snaked away in my mouth and tasted the traces of his load that had been there. 

"Wow, I do taste good, I see why you enjoy gobbling me up." He joked. 

Just then there was a knock at the door. He quickly got up and ran into the showers. I got up, unlocked the door, and turned around to my locker. 

"Hey Mike." 

It was Jason. I hadn't really spoken to Jason since my first night of "training" as he swam in other events and didn't swim in our pool. (There were two pools in the facility). 

"Hey Jason, how you been?" 

"Good, not as good as Sunday night, but good. I hear you've had some good repeat performances with Kent." 

Not knowing how to respond, I said, "Yeah, well doing my best for the team I guess." 

He looked me square in the face and said seriously, "I'm part of the team too you know." 

He sat next to me and started rubbing my back. His hand travelled down to my speedo and he started rubbing my ass against the fabric. "You have a great ass," he whispered. His hand travelled up to my shoulders and he moved really close to me. I looked up and almost got lost in his dark eyes. They were shimmering. Almost like the silky luster of a Tiger Eye gemstone. Deep brown and hypnotic. 

He pulled me towards his face and kissed me. Forcefully. He stopped, pulled away, and looked into my eyes again. God, was this guy one hot stud. He kissed me again. He placed my hand on his crotch as I kissed him back. I spied that his hunter green speedo was fighting to contain the missile hiding in there. It felt hard, and I was fiddling with the string to get it open for him. When I finally freed it from its nylon prison, his cock bounced in the air as if to tease me. I broke away from the kiss and gasped as I took in the full size and girth of his enormous manhood. It could only be described as 'beautiful.' Beautiful and seductive all on its own. Begging me to touch it. Tempting me to do more than just touch it. I felt his hand softly rub my neck, obviously encouraging me on. 

Instinctively I moved my face towards Jason's flesh pole. I didn't need to be pushed down to it. It was hypnotizing. It drew me forward. It emanated heat, masculinity and sex. I opened my mouth and engulfed the head, eager to see how he tasted. He did not disappoint. Jason has a musky sweet taste which intoxicated my senses. I slid off the bench, and slid my lips further down his cock. Kent was big, but Jason was a little thicker. I had to really stretch my mouth to get the whole thing down. I struggled a little but Jason's soft rubbing of my hair and his encouragement urged me on. My unshaved face rubbed up against his abdomen. I wanted to please him completely so I put my best skills to work. I bobbed up and down on his engorged penis. His whole body quivered as my mouth made love to his tool. 

Jason spoke softly as I gradually reduced the tension of his swollen member. "I don't need to force guys like Kent does, see? One kiss and you were on your knees. I didn't even have to ask." 

He was right and I looked up at him with my lips obscenely stretched around his cock. Jason was a total stud who needed to be pleased whenever he wanted. I broke our stare and deep throated his cock. He then stopped speaking and closed his eyes and sat back as I went to work. 

As I concentrated on drawing his load out, I saw Kent saunter out into the locker room, clad in dark blue towel. He put a finger to his lips and motioned me to be quiet. Like I was in any position to talk anyway!" He also gave a thumbs up sign to me as an indication that I should continue servicing his best friend. I looked up and winked, and went back to work. I got extra hard knowing Kent was watching me perform. 

Jason began stirring in the seat and his hand went back behind my head. "You're getting almost as good as Dave," he said with a sigh. I took that as a complement, and continued toiling on his dick. 

"Get ready for your protein shake, Mike," he gritted through his teeth. 

I held onto his thighs as he got ready to cum. I had seen him cum before in Dave's mouth. He came like a porn star. I hoped I could contain it all, especially with Kent watching. 

Jason let out a long moan and began pulsating into my mouth. My mouth was completely full within 3 seconds. I swallowed his seed, only to have it replaced with another huge load. I had to swallow three full mouthfuls of Dave. Fuck, this guy could populate a city. A small drop leaked out the corners of my mouth and Jason scooped it up and fed it to me. I greedily moaned as I sucked the treat from his finger. I had digested every drop of Jason. Just like I had seen Dave do for him. 

"Nice work," said Kent as he walked over in his towel and gave a high five to Jason. "I'd say we got a very talented guy here. I fed him about ten minutes ago." 

Dave laughed. "I thought there was a spunky taste in your mouth, Mike." 

Kent dropped his towel and displayed his pride and glory - his rock hard eight inch member. I had blown his brains out less than fifteen minutes ago and he was already rock hard again. Jason took his hand, cupped it behind my neck, and pushed my face onto Kent's new erection. I willingly engulfed it fully. He began moving me up and down on Kent's bone. I couldn't really do much else but just go with the flow and enjoy it. 

As Jason moved me up and down with one hand, his other hand got my suit off and my rock hard dick finally was released. I felt an enormous relief as it was making a huge tent in my suit. He began moving his hand up and down my dick, which made me moan like crazy on his best friend's cock. Jason was playing me like a trombone, pulling my pud, while pushing me all the way down on Kent's dick. I was leaking as well which lubed my dick even more for Jason. I could barely sit still as I felt my cock grow to a length I've never mastered. I was so turned on! After a few quick jerks, I began to cum. I yelled onto Kent's dick, which of course came out a chorus of muffled sounds. That set off Kent as he emptied his remaining contents into my well lubed throat, adding his second donation to the sperm bank in my stomach. I swallowed his spunk and then twitched as Jason pulled off my dick. He took his jizz covered hand and put it in front of me. "Eat it," he commanded. 

I licked all of my semen off his hand. We all tasted good, but I think I tasted the best, just like Dave had told me. Both men watched in amazement as I downed my fourth load in less than half an hour. I felt empowered and proud that I had pleased these two studs. 

Jason pulled my suit back up on me and rubbed and squeezed my ass as I got up off my knees to head to the showers to clean up. As I took the first step, I heard him comment, "That's a fine ass you got there Mike. Don't drop any soap in the shower. (A lot of dicks could be flopping around there, and might want to see how tight it is," he called out. 

Kent whistled as I walked by and pulled my suit down and also grabbed my ass cheeks. "Sorry Jason, I turned him first, so if anyone taps that ass, it is going to be me. You can get sloppy seconds." 

They were talking about me like I wasn't even there. I piped up. "Sorry guys, my ass are exit only." 

"That's what Dave said about three weeks ago," bragged Jason as they both broke out in laughter. 

The mental picture of Dave getting his ass plowed by these guys invaded my mind. Cocksucking was one thing, but getting fucked by another dude was a whole other step. Dave never mentioned any of that to me, and we talked every day. 

I was not going to entertain their thoughts so I grabbed my towel and said, "Whatever." 

"That's right Mike, Kent declared. "Whatever we want AND whenever we decide it's time for you to give up that cherry." The confident wink he gave Jason would have me wondering for rest of the night just how serious it was meant. 

Once again, thanks to the best editor around, Ken, for his guidance and help. Thanks so much!