 Two days later, the best friends were back at their respective colleges. Tony and Max stayed in touch, as always, but no mention was made of their Thanksgiving break activities. Tony did wonder, however, if Max had continued on with his roommate. And he didn't have the nerve to ask. Max was on his mind, though, and all of Tony's masturbation activity was fueled by memories of the Thanksgiving holiday. Certainly, he had loved having his cock sucked and he admittedly did enjoy masturbating Max. The memories were so rich that he found himself masturbating more often than ever - always in private. The trash can by his desk constantly filling up with wadded tissues containing his cum.

Tony didn't know if his roommate masturbated, but he wondered if the guy who shared his room had any inkling of what was going on when he was out of the room. Maybe he did, Tony thought. One day as Jack was leaving for class, he casually said, "Hey, Ton, you ought to empty that out. People that stop in might start wondering why a guy without a cold is going through so much tissue."

After Jack left, Tony went over to Jack's desk and saw that his roomie's trash basket also contained an unusually large amount of wadded tissue. He chuckled out loud. "Old Jack must be a frequent flyer, too, on the fast-hand express," Tony thought to himself. Tony and Jack had become fast friends, but Tony was not about to ask whether his roommate was a masturbator. It was a little too personal.

With finals week approaching, time went fast and tension rose as the drive was on to hold onto the good grades Tony has posted at mid-term. Tony was studying almost constantly, and to relieve pressure, his masturbation activity increased. In efforts to be alone in the room, he had missed more than one meal in the cafeteria. When Jack was in the shower, it provided Tony time for a quickie. When the mood was right, he could make himself cum in a minute or two.

One the afternoon before Tony's last final, Jack returned to the room from the library before dinner. 

"You ready to eat?" Jack asked Tony, who had his nose in a textbook on ancient history. 

"No," Tony replied. "I wanna reread these chapters on the fertile crescent, fucking Mesopotamia. I am going to be so happy when ancient history is ancient history to me. You go eat; I'll get a burger later."

Tony was telling the truth about his need to study, but he also had something else on his mind. As soon as the door closed behind Jack, Tony was on his bed with his pants pulled down to mid thigh. In seconds, he was hard and stroking his cock furiously. He had his head way back on his pillow with his eyes tightly shut, thinking about the feeling of Max's mouth on his cock, when he heard the click of a key in a lock. Before he could react, in strolled Jack. "Damn, I forgot my ID, as if anyone would try to sneak into the cafeteria for that half-ass food. ..." said Jack, who instantly fell silent.

He had caught Tony in the act, his fist wrapped around his cock.

A pregnant silence followed as Tony just lay there, not even thinking to pull up his pants. He was just motionless, holding onto his cock. Finally, Jack said, "Sorry man, I'll just get my ID. Sorry, I ... sorry." He grabbed the ID card and left. Tony was mortified - at first - then wondered what Jack was thinking, wondered if Jack had ever been caught. He was pretty sure Jack was a masturbator, but now, for sure, Jack knew Tony took matters into his own hands. As his mind raced, Tony decided that he could not change what Jack had seen, and given that, there was no reason stop what he had started. So he masturbated to completion, for the first time in weeks not thinking about Max. As he came into a handful of tissues, Tony was wondering how often Jack masturbated, how Jack masturbated and what Jack's cock looked like. Funny thing, he thought. They had lived together in that room for nearly five months and he had never seen Jack naked. As he tossed the wad of tissues into the trash can, he wondered if it would be possible to see that cock. Then he pulled up his pants and returned to the history book. "Fucking Mesopotamia," he mumbled aloud.

(Short chapter, but Tony the detective will follow soon.)