 Tony never made it out of the dorm for that burger, deciding instead to keep at the preparation for his ancient history final. Thank goodness for microwave Oodles of Noodles.

Jack returned from the cafeteria and soon was studying for his last final, biology. The roommates toiled pretty much in silence, except for occasional profanity aimed at professors who subjected their students to comprehensive finals. Around midnight, Jack and Tony were each struggling to concentrate. By then, coffee, and plenty of it, had become the beverage of choice.

Eventually, Jack slid back from his desk, rubbing his eyes and stretching his back. Tony wondered if his roomie could use a rub.

"Man," Jack said. "It's gonna take another hour to get through these notes, but I am beat. Maybe a shower will wake me up." With that, he gathered up a towel, soap and shampoo and headed down the hall. The dorm in which they lived was the oldest on campus. Unlike the new dorms, the rooms in Reynolds Hall did not feature private bathrooms. But those new dorms were for upper classmen. Freshmen lived in Reynolds, and were stuck with group bathrooms and showers. The shower room offered no privacy, just a large space with eight shower heads. Tony tended to shower early in the morning, before the showers became crowded. Most days, he showered alone, which was fine with him.

With Jack down the hall, Tony was more than distracted. A late-night shower would provide an answer to a question that the been on his mind: the size and shape of Jack's cock. Tony was shaking as he gathered his stuff, stripped off his clothing and headed down the hall clad only in basketball shorts. As he entered the bathroom, he could hear water flowing in the shower. If there was anything good about the shower room, it was the water pressure. At full force, the thin streams of water stung the skin. Tony put his shorts on the bench outside the shower room and started inside, hoping for a glimpse of Jack's cock. What he saw, shocked him. Tony was leaning with his back against the wall beneath a shower nozzle, eyes closed, with the water hitting his chest and running over his body. Jack's arms hung at his sides and his cock was in full view. It was not particularly large, but it was different than Tony's and Max's. Jack was not circumcised, and his cockhead was covered by a long sheath of loose skin. Tony could not stop looking, and a few seconds later got to see more. Without opening his eyes, Jack reached down and began to stroke his flaccid penis. He pumped just three or four times and was completely hard. Jack stroked his cock slowly, something Tony never did. With Tony, the goal was always to beat off as fast as possible so he could cum, rest up and masturbate again.

Tony was erect as he walked into the steamy room and turned on a shower across from Jack. The sound of a new water stream caused Jack to open his eyes. "Hey Ton, you trying to wake up, too? I thought you were a morning shower man."

As Jack spoke, he was calm as could be, and he never stopped stroking his cock. Tony was nervous, and kept his back to Jack as he lathered up; he didn't want his roommate to see his hard penis. Jack was as chatty naked as he was dressed. "Tony, do you ever jack off in here? That's why I shower late. I wouldn't want just anybody to see me in here stroking my cock." Tony didn't answer.

Apparently, Jack didn't mind if his roommate could see him at work. "I like to masturbate under the shower," Jack said. "The spray feels good pounding on my body and the water keeps my cock slippery. The cum just runs down the drain, so there's no mess to clean."

Tony couldn't believe how uninhibited Jack was about such a private subject. As Tony rubbed soap between his legs, he couldn't resist giving his cock a couple strokes. In that instant, Tony was startled by Jack's next words - because they came from about six inches away.

"I thought that's what you were doing," Jack said, laughing. Tony could not believe it. He had stroked his cock three times and Jack caught him, for the second time that day. "He must think I am a serial masturbator," Tony thought, this time having the sense to let go of his cock.

"Don't stop on my account," Jack said. "You know what I say: If it feels good, do it." With that, Jack turned around and leaned against the wall, moving over to stand under Tony's shower. It had them face to face, and Jack's cock was rock hard, pressed up against his stomach. "I gotta finish," Jack said, grasping his cock in his hand. And when he did, the head touched Tony's thigh. Tony stepped back, his own penis now soft. "You ever see an uncut guy before?" Jack asked. "I think my head is more sensitive because it's always covered up."

Again, Tony didn't answer. He just watched.

Undaunted by the silence of his roommate, Tony continued, both speaking and pumping his cock. "What's the most sensitive part of your cock?" Jack asked. "Do you get hard easily? I just have to touch mine and it gets hard, unless I've jacked off two or three times in a day. My cousin is real big, and he has to stroke it for a long time to get it hard."

Tony's eyes widened, and he finally spoke.

"Your cousin?!?" he both exclaimed and asked.

"I probably shouldn't have said that," Jack offered. "But it is what it is; I learned about masturbation from Mike. He slept over after my high school graduation party. I woke up to a slapping sound, and when I opened my eyes I saw him doing it. He's a little longer than I am, but he's really thick. He thinks he showed me how to do it, but I had jacked off plenty before that night. We've done it together a lot. We usually beat off together talking about girls we would like to fuck. Neither of us has ever had a girl, but we masturbate together a lot?

Tony was amazed at his roommate's inhibition.

"Oh, oh," Jack said. "Look who's hard again. Go ahead, Tony, finish yourself off. I'm getting close, myself."

Almost robotically, Tony complied, stroking his cock just inches away from his masturbating roommate. Just seconds after Tony began, Jack came, shooting three or four large streams of cum on his roommate's leg. Laughing, Jack said, "Tony, that was pretty hot. Seeing you jack off got me to the finish line."

Tony could not speak in that instant.Because with Jack's cum running down his thigh and knee, Tony let loose, his cum landing right on the drain between Jack's feet. With each spurt, Tony grunted.

Laughing, Jack said, "Good thing nobody else is in here. You know, Tony, this is a good thing. We won't have to sneak around and hide from each other when we need to masturbate. I liked watching you and like you watching me. You won't have to miss any more meals to give yourself alone time."

"Yeah," Tony said. "Maybe you're right."

They returned to studying, and spoke no more about their new masturbation relationship. Each headed out for 8 a.m. finals the next morning, and were back in the dorm by 11. All that remained of their first semester of college was one more terrible cafeteria lunch and rides home from their respective parents.

They quickly packed up stuff to take home and lounged on their beds, bullshitting. "My mom and my grandfather are supposed to be here in about an hour," Jack said. "You wanna do it one more time?"

He didn't wait for an answer, yanking down his jeans and going to work on his cock. Tony couldn't resist and did the same. Each came pretty quickly, and soon were headed home for Christmas break.

Riding in the front seat of the family car for the two-hour drive, Tony stared out the window and wondered if Max would be interested in his encounter with Jack.

Next: A holiday surprise.