 About a half hour from home, Tony called Max to see if he had returned from school for Christmas break.

"I've been home for a couple hours," Max said. "Is your garage open? I'll meet you at your house."

Max knew the garage door at Tony's house was always open. The key had been long lost, and the door that connected the garage to the basement had no lock. In fact, the garage was not even used for the family car. It was filled with stuff, and the car always sat in the driveway.

"I'll see you there," Tony said. "It's gonna be great having almost a month off from school."

Tony's mom, Jenn, dropped him off and headed to the store to pick up food for dinner. Max greeted Tony with a big chest bump. "Dude, a whole month; how was school? Make the dean's list? I did. I have to or I'll be out of the engineering program before I get into it."

"I got a 3.8," Tony said. "Hell, I didn't do that well in high school. By the way, how did things go after Thanksgiving with your roommate?" 

Max frowned. 

"They went nowhere. He has a girlfriend now, and all that other stuff is finished. I never got my B.J. I guess when he started up with me he was just horny."

Tony was disappointed by the news, because he had been wondering for a month whether Max had taken that big step after masturbating together with Tom. He also had been thinking of other things, like when he and Max had masturbated each other, and how he had awakened the day before Thanksgiving with Max sucking his cock."

And he wondered whether he should tell Max about Jack and the encounter Tony and Jack had in the shower, watching each other masturbate.

He decided to wait.

"Sorry you didn't get to experience a blow job," Tony said. "When you did it to me, it was the most incredible experience."

"You liked that, didn't you?" Max said. "You liked the feeling of my lips running over your cock, sucking on it like a straw."

With that, he pushed Tony down onto the couch and went to work on his best friend's belt buckle.

"Maybe you want have that feeling again," Max said. "I've been going nuts since Thanksgiving, thinking about how your cock throbbed in my mouth, how you jacked me off. Tell me if you want me to stop. Because if you don't, it's going to happen again right now."

Tony didn't say yes, but he also didn't say no. He just watched as Max unbuttoned his jeans and pulled both them and the boxers down past Tony's knees. Tony was already hard when Max grabbed his cock. Max pumped Tony's cock twice and then licked the underside from his friend's balls to the tip. Tony moaned, then grunted when Max took it into his mouth, not stopping until his nose was nestled in Tony's pubic hair. Max gagged a little and withdrew, but only for a second. What followed was no casual blow job. It was wild, aggressive, fast. With each stroke, Tony's cock slammed into the back of Max's throat, and the pace was frantic. Tony grabbed the couch cushions as if he was holding on for dear life.

An Jenn turned the corner from the garage into the basement, she saw Max's head bobbing up and down, rising slightly above the back of the couch. She had returned home to pick up coupons she had forgotten, and although the back of the couch faced the door, she was certain Max's movements meant just one thing.

Unsure if Max saw her, Jenn began to retreat. But as she turned, Jenn walked right into the edge of the door, bouncing off and landing on her bum. As she hit the floor, she grunted, alerting Max and Tony.

Max stood up, his face twisted in terror.

"Jenn," he blurted out. "I, uh, I was just. I gotta get home. Tony, I'll talk to you later." As he went past Jenn, who picking herself off the floor, Max muttered, "Jenn, please don't tell my mom." The embarrassed teen went through the door and sprinted out of the garage.

As Jenn got to the couch, Tony was struggling to get his pants pulled up, but the jeans and the boxers were tangled around his sneakers. He pulled a cushion off the couch and covered his crotch.

"Mom, Mom, I,I," but that was all he could get out. Beet red, tears welled up in his eyes.

After being caught in the act, he didn't know what to expect. However, he sure as hell didn't expect his mother, a smile on her face, to sit down beside him on the couch.

"Tony," she said. "It's OK. As close as you guys are, I had expected for years that you were more than just friends."

"It's only been since Thanksgiving break," Tony croaked. I don't know how it even got started. ..."

"It doesn't matter how long," Jenn said. "It's not like you two are criminals or drug addicts. It is between the two of you. It apparently feels good so you do it."

"And you're not mad, or disappointed?" Tony replied, starting to calm down.

"No, baby, no," Jenn said. "Who knows, maybe it's in your genes. Maybe you get it honestly"

"My genes?" Tony replied. 

"Listen, Jenn said. "Do you only think this way about guys? Or do you think of girls, too?"

"Both," Tony said. "But no girl ever ... ."

"So maybe you're bisexual," Jenn said. "Lots of people are. Believe me, I know."

"You know?" Tony asked. "How's that? What? Did you read about it? How do you know?"

"I am going to tell you this, Tony, and it goes no further. You can't even tell Max."

"Tell him what?" Tony asked. "What's the big secret?"

"You know what Max was doing to you?" said Jenn, who didn't wait for an answer. "Sexually, it's your dad's favorite thing to do." 

"WHAAAATTTT?" Tony exclaimed.

As Tony shouted out, Jenn saw the cushion on his lap move slightly and then slide to the floor. Tony's legs went stiff, and without touching his cock, he came, cum splashing on his shirt, on his mom and, finally, puddling around his hard cock.

"Well, Tony, it appears you are your father's son," Jenn said with a little giggle. "C'mon to the shower and clean off, and I'll tell you all about it."

Next: His parents' love life.