 I was on my way to Atlanta on business, and was looking forward to getting away from the wife for a week. Things were not going good at home and the time away would do us both good I thought. It had been three years since my last trip to Atlanta, and I was hoping that this trip would be as fun as the last one. You see I am bi-sexual guy that loves to sink my 9 inch cock in some sweet man pussy. My last trip I found a Bell Boy with one of the tightest asses I have ever had, and was hoping he would still be working at the same hotel. Just thinking about his sweet ass and warm mouth had me hard as a rock the entire trip from home to Atlanta. I arrived at the hotel and as I was checking in I asked the young guy behind the counter if my Bell Boy was still employed there. The desk clerk just looked at me and smiled as if he knew why I was asking him about the Bell Boy.

"Yes, Kevin still works here. Would you like to me to have him help you to your room with your luggage," the Desk clerk asked.

"Yes that would be great," I replied.

The Desk clerk got on the intercom and called Kevin to the front desk, as I finished with my paper work. I saw Kevin as soon as he emerged from a side door walking towards the desk. 

"Nice to see you again Sir, glad to see you come back to our fine hotel." Kevin said.

Smiling at him, "I hope my stay will be enjoyable as my last stay." I told him as he grabbed my bags and lead me to the elevators. His ass looked even sweeter than I remembered. I almost reached out and grabbed it as we walked across the lobby floor. Once in the elevator I turned to face him and noticed his growing bulge in his khakis. "Looks like you missed me as well Kevin" I told him.

"I miss all my good customers when they are gone for awhile," He said.

The doors opened and Kevin walked to my room door. As I opened the door and let Kevin enter the room in front of me I grabbed and squeezed his ass hard. Kevin stopped and let me grope him for a minute before he moved into the room and placed my bags on the luggage racks. I followed him closely and wrapped my hands around him from behind as I ground my hips into his ass. I reached around and rubbed his cock through the khakis he was wearing as I continued to dry hump his ass. Kevin turned around and grabbed my crotch as he stuck his tongue put tracing around my lips until I reciprocated and began a hot kiss with him. We kissed for a few minutes, as we rubbed each others cocks, Kevin soon broke the kiss.

"I have to get back to my duty's now, but I will be available later for more private duty's Sir." He told me.

"That will be great Kevin, I think I am going to go for a swim and a visit to the sauna." I told him as he turned to leave the room. 

I unpacked my clothes and put my toiletries away as I thought about how good it was going to feel to have Kevin's ass wrapped around my cock later. I put some lube and poppers by the bed in preparation for what I was hoping would be me fucking Kevin's sweet ass and mouth. After I finished unpacking all my things and getting them in order, I decided to go for that swim. The water felt good to me as I made several laps up and down the pool. I soon tired of the pool and headed to the sauna room, I have always loved a good hot sauna as it seemed to really relax me. When I entered the sauna it was empty and I thought what the hell and pulled off my suit laying on the bench beside me as I stretched out and enjoyed the steam. I must have been zoned out because I didn't hear the sauna door open, But soon realized that I wasn't alone when I felt someone standing between my legs.

Looking up I saw Kevin standing there naked, his hard 7 inch cock sticking out in front of him. I leaned forward and took the head of his cock in my mouth and licked around it. I took the base in my hand and pulled it from my mouth and spit on the shaft as I worked my hand up and down it. I put the tip of his cock head back in my mouth and swirled my tongue around his piss slit, while his hands went behind my head urging me on. I grabbed his balls and squeezed them tightly as I took his shaft in my mouth and down my throat. I began bobbing up and down on his shaft as I stroked it as it slid from my throat. I took a free hand and slipped one of my fingers up his ass twisting it as I went. I knew Kevin never did last long his first cum and I wanted to taste him badly as I took his entire cock back down my throat, continually making swallow motions. Kevin started moaning as he pulled me in against his neatly trimmed pubes and began dumping his load into my stomach. He tried to pull away but I held him close as he finished emptying his balls into me. Kevin pulled his spent cock from my throat and dropped to his knees in front of me. 

Kevin began licking my balls as he slowly stroked my cock up and down. His tongue licked down to my hole and shoved its way in as he stroked my cocked getting it hard as a rock. He would lick form my asshole to my balls and back all the while stroking my cock. He took one of my balls in his mouth and swirled his tongue around it as if it was a sucker and then did the same tot the other ball. He licked slowly up my shaft to and spit on the head coating it with saliva as he rapidly stroked my cock with his hand. He spat on my cock again and again getting it slick with his spit. He then stood up and turned around with his back to me and lowered himself until my dick was at his rosebud. He griped the base of my cock with his hand as he slowly lowered himself on to my cock until it was fully inside him. He sat in my lap and flex his ass muscles as I reached and grabbed hold of his hips. He rotated his hips and began to stand back up letting my cock slide out of his ass until just the head was in him, then he dropped back down on my cock quickly. He was riding my cock good when we heard the door open, Kevin quickly dismounted my cock and stood up throwing me a towel to cover my raging hard on. 

"I will be up in your room when you get there." Kevin whispered in my ear, just before he left the sauna.

I waited a few minutes, letting my hard on go down before leaving the sauna. When I left the guy that came in gave me a disgusting look. I just laughed to myself, thinking that if he only knew how good Kevin's ass felt, he would be wanting a piece of it to. The ride up to my room in the elevator seemed to take forever, but soon I was opening the door to my room. And there was Kevin naked on my bed on his hands and knees, with a tube of lube by his feet. His little bubble butt looked like it needed a hard cock in it, as his rosebud winked at me. I dropped my towel and grabbed the lube smearing it on my cock as I got up behind him on the bed. I spread his ass cheeks wide as I put the head of my cock to his puckered opening.

I slowly slid my cock into Kevin's ass, fully enjoying the tightness as it enveloped my dick as I pushed into him completely. I stayed buried in him as I rolled my hips and he pushed back into me. I reached under the both of us and found Kevin's hard cock, and began jacking him off, as I slowly started to pull part of my cock from his hole. I pulled about half of my cock out and slowly slid it all back in. Kevin dropped his head into the pillows as his hand came back and wrapped around the top of mine as I stroked his cock. He was flexing his ass muscles around my cock as I continued to slowly shirt stroke him. I moved my hand from his cock as he continued jacking himself off and took hold of his hips. I pulled my cock out until just a little more than the head was in him, and without any warning slammed it all back into him. A small moan escaped Kevin's mouth as I began to wildly fuck his hole. 

"Oh yes give me that cock," Kevin screamed.

Driven on by his encouragement I spread his cheeks as wide as possible as I hammered his tight ass. He began bucking wildly back into me as I continued my assault on his hole, driving my cock into him until my balls slammed against his. I knew I was close to blowing my load in him and shoved him down into the bed as I pumped my dick into him over and over pinning him between myself and the sheets. I pushed my cock fully into him as I exploded deep into his ass, dumping my load in his fuck chute. After I finished blowing my load I rolled off Kevin, my cock making slurping noises as I slid from his ass. I rolled over on my back as Kevin got up and put my softening cock in his mouth and licking it clean. I noticed that his cock was still hard as a rock and reached under him and grabbed it, as he maneuvered around so we were in a sixty nine position. I held his cock head in my mouth and sucked on it as I swirled my tongue over it., while jacking him off at the same time.

"I am going to cum," Kevin cried.

Soon he was blowing his load in my mouth, which I let pool up and kept in my mouth until he was finished. Kevin rolled off of me and onto his back as I leaned over and showed him the pool of cum in my mouth. He leaned in and we kissed as we swapped the load of his cum back and forth until it was gone. As we lay there recovering his pager went off, and he had to return to work. As he dressed I asked him if His ass was available later as I wasn't finished playing with him yet.

"You can have my ass all night once I get off work at midnight," Kevin said.

After Kevin left to return to work I jumped in the shower and cleaned up. When I got out of the shower it was only 7 PM, so I figured I would go grab a bite to eat and pass some time until Kevin got off work. 

*

This is the first episode in a series that I hope you will enjoy. Any and all feedback is appreciated. Please let me know what you think. And if you have any ideas for a story direction let me know. I am open to any and all criticism and compliments.