 When I last left off Kevin had to return to work for a few hours, before returning to my room for some more hot man sex. I had decided to go grab a bite to eat while Kevin finished his work shift. After eating a nice dinner I still had a few hours to kill until Kevin returned so I decided to go have a few drinks in the bar before going back up to my room. While I was down in the bar I thought one of the hotel security guards was watching me rather closely, But I didn't think much of it at the time. As I was sitting there Kevin walked up and ordered some drinks for one of the other guests, and told me he would be up to see me shortly, as he left he said something to the security guard that had been eyeing me. Again I just passed it off as they was friends and co-workers and let it go. I decided to go ahead and head to the room and prepare for the fun night ahead. Back in the room I stripped down to nothing but my boxers and a robe. I didn't have to very long before Kevin was knocking on my door, as I let him in he grabbed my cock through my boxers as we walked back to the bed.

"Why don't we go back down to the sauna, its closed but I have a key to the door." Kevin asked.

I was game and off we went to the sauna. Once we got downstairs and in the sauna we stripped down and Kevin sat down first. I kneeled between his legs and licked his soft cock from the head down to his ball sac. I sucked one of his small balls in my mouth and licked around it, Kevin's hand went to the back of my head urging me on as I took his other nut in my mouth and sucked on it as well. I slowly started licking my way up his shaft until I hovered my mouth over the head of his cock and engulfed him all the way down to his balls. I was just getting into giving Kevin a good blow job when we were interrupted.

"What the fuck is going on in here," the voice boomed. 

Releasing Kevin's cock from my mouth and looking back I saw the huge black security guard standing there, as both Kevin and I tried to cover up.

"Samuel, I can explain." Kevin started.

"What to explain you little faggot, it is clear what is going on." The guard said.

"Look man I am sorry if we were breaking hotel rules, we will leave." I offered.

"You aren't going anywhere cock sucker," the guard shot back, as he rubbed his cock.

"Look Samuel, just let him go. I will take the blame for this," Kevin said.

"I will deal with you later Kevin, leave and leave now." Samuel said.

"Its ok Kevin go ahead and go," I told him.

Kevin got up and left the sauna as the guard took a seat beside where I was still kneeling down.

"So you like to suck cock," He asked.

"What," I asked.

"You seemed to be enjoying sucking his puny little cock," Samuel said.

I sat there not knowing what to say as he began to rub his cock more thru his uniform pants.

"If you liked sucking his little cock, your going to love sucking mine boy." Samuel said.

"I am not going to suck you," I told him. Just then he slapped me hard across the face knocking me back on to my side. He then got up and pulled me back up pinning me against the sauna room wall.

"Look here boy, I wasn't asking if you wanted to suck me. I was telling you that your going to suck me." Samuel said.

I stared half shocked into his eyes as he held me against the wall.

"Now boy lets go to your room so I can use you," Samuel said.

He let me grab my robe as we walked out the door, in the elevator I began to see just what I as in for. This man was huge, he stood at least 6' 7" looked like a Greek god and had no visible fat on him. He had a huge package that seemed to be straining for release. He must have noticed me checking him out.

"See your already wanting to suck my big cock, aren't you boy." Samuel said.

"Please don't hurt me, I will do whatever you say." I told him

"I am going to do whatever I want to you anyway boy," He shot back.

Back in the room Samuel stood in front of the bed "Take my clothes off boy" he commanded.

I was scared as I didn't know what I was in for as I started unbuttoning his shirt and slid it off his shoulders. He had a perfect washboard stomach and very well defined pecs. I slowly started undoing his belt and pants as he pushed me to my knees and I slid down his pants. He kicked off his boots as I slid his pants down and over his feet. His cock strained to be out of his briefs as he stood over me grabbing the back of my head and rubbing my face all over his crotch. I opened my mouth and began licking around his cloth covered cock.

"You be nice to me boy and I will be nice to you," Samuel said.

I reached in his brief and felt his thick cock as I pulled it from it confines. His cock was huge and it was still soft at more than 10" and very thick. I started sucking on the head as he started running his hands through my hair.

"That it boy, treat daddy right," He said.

I pulled his briefs down his legs and began to massage his lemon size balls as I worked more of his thickening cock in my mouth. I found myself getting into him controlling me as his cock was rapidly becoming hard as a rock as I was trying to get the head of his cock to enter my throat. His hand was pulling me down on to his cock as it started to go down my throat, His cock tasted wonderful as I fought off my gag reflex as it sank deeper into my throat.

"Oh that's it boy, Kevin can't even take me this deep." Samuel said.

I pulled off his cock looking up at him half shocked.

"That right boy, my bitch boy set you up for me, and now your going to be my new bitch. Now get back down on daddy's cock and get your prize," He said

I couldn't believe that Kevin did this to me. Samuel slapped my face hard getting my attention. I took his cock back in my mouth and began sucking this large black man once more. His cock was so big it had to be at least 13" long and as thick as soda can. I soon had as much as I had before worked into my throat, as Samuel grabbed me by the sides of my head and began to roughly shove his cock in and out of my mouth.

"Your going to deep throat me bitch or I will fuck you dry," He said.

I was scared to think that he intended to fuck my ass with this huge cock. I had been fucked before in the ass but by nothing as huge as his cock, all I could hope for was to bring him off with my mouth and satisfy him that way. I doubled up my efforts and was determined to get all of his huge cock down my throat. Samuel was roughly face fucking me like I was a hand held pussy, shoving more and more of his cock down my throat with each thrust. I soon felt his balls slap against my chin as he now had all of his fuck stick buried in my throat. I stuck my tongue out and licked at his hairy balls as he held all of his cock in my throat. Just as I was about to pass out from lack of air, he would pull out enough for my gasp some air and shove it back in.

"Your are a good boy for letting daddy bury his bone in your throat," He said.

I looked up into his eyes as he began slowly fucking my mouth with a sawing motion, I couldn't believe how turned on I was and began to jack my own cock off as Samuel fucked my face. His cock felt good to me sliding in and out of my mouth. I now wanted to taste his man juice badly. I ran my tongue out as he slid his cock in and out swirling as best I could. 

"Boy I am going to give you a big load to swallow," he told me.

He pulled his cock slowly from my mouth till just the head was resting on my tongue, I let go of my cock and brought it up to his cock. I began jacking his off as I ran my tongue all over the head. He grabbed my ears and began blowing his load, I closed my lips around the head so as to not let any of his cum escape. He pumped jet after jet of his hot cum into my mouth, grabbing my chin as he finished cumming he pulled his dick from my mouth and wiped the remaining cum on my lips. I swallowed all of his cum and opened my mouth showing him as I licked the last drops of cum from my lips.

"That's a good boy you learn quick," He laughed.

I was almost horrified to see that is cock was still hard. "Please don't fuck me, I cant take that up my ass." I told him.

"Don't worry boy it will hurt, but it wont kill you." He said.

I sat there between his knees looking up as his hard cock, I slipped my mouth back around it. I was thinking maybe I could distract him with my mouth. I sucked on it for just a few minutes, when he pushed me off of his cock.

"That's enough of your mouth boy, it time to get you ready to fuck." Samuel said.

He pulled me up and had me lay over the end of the bed as he spread my ass cheeks and spit it to my rosebud. He then started pushing two of his meaty fingers in and out of my ass, twisting tem as he pushed them all the way in my hole. He kept spitting as he worked a third finger into my hole stretching me out more and more.

"You will be ready for me in no time boy," He said.

Strangely his fingers felt good in my ass and I was pushing back to meet them as they pushed deep in my hole. He then pushed a finger from his other hand in my hole stretching me out even more. He was becoming rougher with my hole as he stretched me out, causing me to moan in pain. He had worked a second finger in with is other hand as he pulled and stretched my hole open. He kept finger fucking me as he continued to spit in my hole getting me wet for the fucking I knew was coming that I would never forget.

"Ok boy, your ready for me now." He said.

He then reached over my head and grabbed the lube I had put on the nightstand and poured it in to my hole. He then squirted a gob in the palm of his hand and stroked his ebony shaft with it, coating it good. I put my head in the pillows as I felt his huge cock head press against my puckered opening.

"Daddy is going to fuck you good boy," he said. I soon felt the head pry its way into my man hole.

I felt like I was being split in half and knew that it was just the head of his cock in me. He held it there just a second before he slowly started sliding his massive dick in me. I yelled out in pain as he just laughed as he slid another inch of his fuck stick up my hole. He kept pushing inch after inch onto me, until I felt his balls press against my own.

"Daddy loves your tight ass boy," Samuel said.

He was sawing his cock in and out of me a few inches at a time, getting me used to the size of his cock. The pain that I felt at first was now being replaced by a warm sensation that felt good. I started pushing back into his cock almost involuntarily, as he fucked me.

"That's it boy, take daddy's dick real good." He said. 

He was fucking me hard with full strokes now, me meeting each of his thrusts with one of my own. His big cock felt so good buried up in me. I found myself actually begging him to fuck me harder.

"Please fuck me harder," I said.

"That's a good boy, tell Daddy what you want," he told me.

"I want you to fuck me hard," I said.

"What do you call me boy," he asked.

"Daddy, Please fuck me Daddy," I told him.

"That's a good boy," Samuel said.

Pulling his cock completely out of me. "Roll over boy," He said. 

I rolled over onto my back and Samuel took my legs placing them over his shoulder as he pushed his cock back into me fully. he grabbed my hips and began hammering his rod into me, as I reached up and twisted his nipples as he fucked me. Samuel leaned down and snaked his tongue out tracing across my lips as I opened my mouth and readily kissed him. I let my legs fall down off his shoulders and wrapped them around his waist pulling him in tighter as he fucked me with hard long strokes.

"Daddy is going to give you a treat boy. Are you ready," he asked.

"Yeas Daddy, I am ready," I told him.

He grabbed onto my hips and shoved his whole dick up my fuck chute as he began coming. He pulled his dick out grabbing my head and shoving it on his cock, as he continued to erupt in my mouth. His sperm tasted wonderful as he dumped the remainder of his cum down my throat. Once he was finished cumming he pulled his softening dick from my mouth and rubbed the cock head across my face. He stood there looking at me as he put his pants back on.

"I have to go now boy, but I am bringing some friends with me tomorrow," he said.

"What do you mean a friend," I asked.

Slapping me hard across the face. "Boy, you forget I am the daddy and you will address me as such," he said. 

"I am sorry Daddy," I told him. I knew at that moment I had let this large black man take full control over me and I actually was enjoying it. But what did he mean by friends, I wondered.

"I will see you tomorrow afternoon, be ready for me boy," he said.

I watched as he turned and left the room, wondering just what he meant by friends. 

This is the second episode in a series that I hope you will enjoy. Any and all feedback is appreciated. Please let me know what you think. And if you have any ideas for a story direction let me know. I am open to any and all criticism and compliments.