 I am bi and am in my mid-40s and I had a number of sexual encounters growing up. I became friends with a guy and we had sex numerous times and his cock was the only one that ever penetrated my booty hole. He had a nice cock and I became quite good at sucking it.

Fast forward many years and the feeling of sucking a man's cock and getting fucked has never left me. I've tried to hook up with guys a number of times over the Internet but for whatever reason, it hasn't worked. I finally discovered a local bath house and decided to pay a visit. And boy was I glad.

I was in the lobby and another guy walked in. He was decent looking, with his height and weight being proportional. We nodded at each other and I went inside. I had never been to a bath house so I didn't know what to expect or what to do. I didn't feel comfortable asking the guy at the counter what to do because the other guy had come in. So I walked in and went to the locker room. I removed my clothes, took my towel, and walked around. There weren't many people there that afternoon. Some guys were in the pool and I saw a few walking around and hanging out. There were a bunch of rooms with their doors closed. I went back into the locker room and decided to take a shower.

The showers were nice: tiled walls, a little seat in one corner that appeared to be the right height that if someone were sitting on it, the height would put that person's head right at cock level. The shower stalls had no doors and that sort of freaked me a bit, but as I thought about it I realized that there was a purpose for not having doors.

A little about me physically. I'm 6'2", 190 pounds, short hair, slim build, shaved pubic hair, and my cock is about 7" hard. I love to masturbate and I really like to eat my cum. I love watching videos on the Internet of trannys, cross dressers, and guys having sex. I'm into stockings, women's feet, high heels, cum swallowing, anal, toys, etc. I've used toys on myself and I really enjoy it.

So I'm in the shower, relaxing under the hot water, when a head pokes around the door and says, "Hi. My name is Mark. Mind if I join you?" I was a bit surprised by Mark's forwardness but I recognized him as being the guy who arrived when I was in the lobby. It sure seemed like minutes were passing because I was going through some things in my head. "Ok, what's going on here?" "Do I really want to do this?" "What am I getting myself into?" I'm not very aggressive and I certainly would not have done what Mark had just done. I looked at Mark and said, "Sure, come on in."

Mark was naked, of course. He was about six feet tall, about my weight, had no body hair, and was an average-looking guy. As he was coming in, I looked at his cock and saw that it was also hairless. He wasn't muscular but he was fit. I reached my hand out and said, "Hi Mark. My name is Frank. I was just relaxing a bit in the shower before I went back out there." We shook hands and smiled at each other. He said, "Go on and continue what you were doing. Don't let me stop you." He sat down on the little seat in the corner as I stood under the flowing water. Thoughts started racing through my mind. What should I do? Should I continue with my shower? Should I invite him up with me? Should I stick my cock in his face? Should I give him the bar of soap and ask him to do my back? 

I must not have been doing anything because he said, "Hey, I don't mean to intrude. If you're uncomfortable I can leave." I snapped out of it and said, "No. I'm really sorry. I haven't been with a guy in a very long time. I wasn't expecting someone to just walk up to me. Heck, I didn't know what to expect." Mark said, "I totally understand. Why don't you just pretend like I'm not here and take your shower. I know that's easier said than done, but try." I said, "Ok." I took the soap and lathered my hands. I rubbed my face, chest, and arms. When I got down to my abdomen, I stopped. I began to remember how, a few days before, I had been in my own shower when I got to this point on my body. That day I put my left foot up on the side of the bath tub and began to lightly touch my scrotum with my soapy hands. That day, as I was rubbing my sack (which, of course, let to me rubbing my cock, jerking off into my hand, and eating my cum), I was fantasizing about being in a shower with another guy and having sex with him. I immediately realized that today, in this shower, in this bath house, my fantasy was becoming real.

I turned around and washed the soap off my face so it wouldn't burn my eyes. I lathered my hands again and turned around to face Mark, the water flowing down my back. I stepped forward, put my left foot up on the seat next to him, arched my foot, and closed my eyes. I took my right hand, brought it across my body, and lightly touched my sack. I moved my soapy, slippery fingers lightly around my sack and barely touched the sensitive area between my scrotum and my anus. My cock twitched and I felt it surge. My eyes were open ever so slightly and I saw Mark's eyes fixated on my cock and my hand. I continued my massage and brought my left hand into the action, lightly touching the sides of my scrotum with each set of fingers. By this time my scrotum was drawn tightly up to my body as it was preparing for my erection to awaken. 

I said to Mark, "I want you to sit there and watch. I don't want you to touch me. No matter how excited you get, I want you to resist. Don't touch me until I tell you to." I looked at him and noticed that his cock was beginning its ascent and his breathing had picked up. He simply nodded his head and said, "uh huh."

With that I got back to my cock. I began the feather touches again. I touched the sides of my scrotum and underneath my scrotum. My cock was about half-way hard so I ran my right index finger along the underside of my cock and it jumped. As I went back to touching my sack I said, "Mark, tell me what you see. Tell me what my cock's doing." He replied, "You're cock is getting harder. It's jumping. Your cock is delicious." When I heard those words, a jolt of blood entered my cock and it jumped to 3/4 hardness. He said, "That was awesome. Make your cock do that again." I continued to rub my sack and cock, which brought my erection to its full 7" length. I said, "What's my cock doing now? Tell me what you see. Do you like my cock? Describe it to me." He said, "Your cock is wonderful. It's hard and the head is shaped nicely. It's so smooth. It's not fat but it's nice and long. It's gorgeous." As I continued to rub I said, "Thank you." I was touching the underside of my cock now and it was assuming a nice angle with my body. 

I looked at Mark and his cock was hard. He had moved to the edge of the seat and his cock was sticking out between his legs. He was rubbing his scrotum with one hand and touching his cock with the other. I said, "Mark, tell me what you'd like to do with my cock. Would you like to put it in your mouth? Would you like to touch it? Would you like to taste it? Would you like it inside you? Would you like to ride it? Would you like it to fuck your ass?" Mark said, "Frank, I would love to suck on your cock. For the past 15 minutes that's all I've been thinking about. I want your cock in my mouth. I want to wrap my lips around the head, run my tongue around the rim of your cock head, and lick your cock with my tongue. I want to suck your cock and I want to taste your cum." My left leg was getting a bit stiff (not to be confused with the stiffness of my cock) so I took it off the seat. I turned around and rinsed the soap off my hands and cock. I turned around to face Mark and his mouth was open. I stepped forward, put my hands on the back of his head, and brought his head toward my throbbing, pulsing, engorged cock. I had not had a male mouth on my cock in over 20 years and I was ready.

Mark engulfed my cock. He grabbed my ass cheeks with his hands and pulled me into him. He swallowed my entire cock. I felt his tongue rubbing the underside of my cock as he pulled back. He wrapped his lips around the first half of my cock and ran his tongue around the rim of my cock head. With his right hand, he cupped my balls and fondled them. I had not felt this good in so many years. I have no idea why I didn't explode into his mouth when he first took me in, but I didn't. After 10 minutes of this most excellent cock treatment I began to feel that unmistakable feeling of semen and sperm wanting to make that journey out the tip of my cock. I pulled my cock out of Mark's skilled and enthusiastic mouth and told him, "I need a break or else I'm going to fill your mouth with my cum." He said, "That's exactly what I want. I want to taste your cum, I want it to fill my mouth and slide down my throat. I've tasted your pre-cum and it's delicious." I said, "Let's dry off and go get one of those rooms. There is so much more that I want to do with you and to you. There is so much more that I want you to do to me and we just can't do that in this shower."

Mark agreed and we dried each other off. Our cocks did not soften, as we both were anticipating the activities that were about to take place. We walked through the locker room and out into the hallway, our erections solid and proud. A few other guys saw us and smiled approvingly as we walked by. We found an empty room and went inside, Mark leading the way. When I closed the door, Mark turned, pulled me toward him and kissed me hard on my lips. I started to resist but then submitted as his tongue, the same one that a few minutes before had been licking my cock, explored my mouth. I kissed him back and we embraced, our cocks nestling between us as our bodies came together.

I backed up a little bit and put my right hand on his boner. It felt wonderful. It was hard and firm, yet soft at the same time. I separated and asked, "How did you like sucking on my cock back in the shower?" He replied, "It was wonderful. I loved deepthroating you and running my tongue around the rim of your cockhead." I simply said, "Ummmm!" I was rubbing Mark's cock and as I passed a finger over the tip, I felt wetness. I used my index finger to collect a large drop of pre-cum and I brought it to my lips. Mark smiled as I licked the pre-cum from my finger. It was sweet and slightly salty, but more sweet. It tasted good and I wanted more. I took my right hand and squeezed his cock from the base and worked my way to the tip and a very large drop of pre-cum appeared. I knelt down and, holding his cock with my left had, I extended my tongue and removed the pre-cum from the tip of his cock with my tongue. I couldn't stop there. I ran my tongue around the underside of his cock head and then explored the rest of his cock head with my tongue. I opened my mouth wide and, for the first time in too many years, I put a cock into my mouth. It had taken way too long for this experience to happen.

I sucked Mark's cock. I slid my mouth down his shaft and brought it back up again. I worked my tongue around his cock, paying particular attention to the underside of his cock and his cock head. I put my lips on his head and held his shaft with my left hand. I kissed, sucked, and licked the head of his cock with a fervor that I did not know that I had. Mark's cock was so hard. I removed my hand and my mouth and stared at it for a minute. It just stood there, throbbing and twitching, sticking straight out from his body with a slight upward orientation. It was a beautiful cock and it was the cock I had been dreaming and fantasizing about for so many years. Mark's cock was smooth and had a nice vein running down the top of it. The head was slightly purplish but had some red color in it, too. The doctor who performed his circumcision did a masterful job because the head of Mark's cock was very well defined. His shaft was of uniform thickness, from its base all the way up to where the cock head started. I was filled with admiration and lust. With that, I impaled my mouth with his penis one more time. I slid my mouth up and down his shaft, very slowly at first and then with increasing speed. This went on for 15 or 20 minutes and my jaws were starting to tire. I couldn't believe that Mark had not cum yet, but I was glad he hadn't. 

I stood up and kissed his mouth. I massaged his butt cheeks with my two hands as he did the same to me. He said, "That was the best blow job I've ever gotten. It was really great." It should have been great; I'd only been planning it for 20 years! Without saying anything, Mark got on his knees and began to return the favor. He started by running his tongue up, down, and around my shaft. I put his head on the side of my cock and wrapped his lips around it. He moved his head from the base of my cock to the tip with his face perpendicular to my cock. When he got to the tip, he expertly shifted his head and quickly swallowed my cock, not stopping until my head was touching the back of his throat. In this position, he used his tongue to lick the front of my ballsac. He pulled back and wrapped his lips around my scrotum, using his tongue to touch every spot on my sack and in my taint.

Mark's jaws must have been tiring, too, because he swallowed my shaft a few more times and then stood up. I asked, "When was the last time that beautiful pole of yours filled an asshole?" He replied, "Oh, it's been a long time. My ex-wife didn't like that stuff." I said, "Yeah, mine either." I turned around, bent over, and spread my cheeks. I said, "What do you think of this rosebud? Do you think it's worthy for that royal cock of yours?" He said, "Ohhh, Frank. That's a beautiful hole." He didn't need to say any more than that. I stood up and kissed him, as we walked backward to the bed. I eased him down onto the bed. He moved up onto the bed, his cock sticking straight up into the air. With his legs spread I got between them and slobbered on his cock to get it nice and wet. Mark knew exactly what was about to happen.

I inched my way up his body, licking his abdomen, stomach, his pecs and nipples, and his neck. My knees were bent and I was straddling his stomach. I put my lips to his left ear and whispered, "Your cock is wet and it's so hard. What should we do with it now?" He opened his mouth and started to answer but I put my left index finger over his lips. I whispered, "Your cock would fit nicely in my rectum. Do you like to be ridden?" "Yes," was all he could get out. "Ok, then I'm going to take your beautiful cock and use my left hand to guide it into my hole. I'm going to take it slow at first. Then I'm going to ride up and down on your cock. It's going to slide in and out of my hole. Are you ready?" 

"Uh huh."

With that, I did just as I said. I reached down with my left hand to take the base of his cock. I slid down and, while holding myself off his body a little bit off his body with my right arm, I maneuvered myself so that the tip of his penis was touching my hole. While still holding the base of his cock, I sat up a bit and pushed against his cock. Nothing happened at first but then I started to feel my sphincter give. At that instant, the head of his cock was inside me. I groaned and he responded with an "Oooh" as he felt the head go in. I held still for a minute, letting my muscles get accustomed to the feeling that they had not felt in a long time. I took my left hand off his cock and used it to support the weight of my body. I rose up a little bit more so that Mark's cock would slide in a bit more. I did this slowly because, even though I had used a dildo earlier in the day, a real cock in this position still hurt a bit. As I got accustomed to the feeling of his cock inside me I sat up a bit further and supported myself with my knees. I reached around with both hands and spread my ass cheeks apart, giving total access to my insides to Mark's wonderful cock. I spread, sat up, and took all of Mark's cock inside me. I could feel it pulse inside me and I said, "Mark, your cock feels amazing inside me. I'm going to ride you now." Mark said, "Go for it!" I put my hands on his pecs and began to slide up and down on his cock. I didn't let it leave me, but I rose up far enough so that the rim of his cock was outside of me but the tip of his cock was still in. Then I would impale myself by sliding down quickly, filling my insides with his meat. A couple of times I could feel the tip of his cock touching the inner sphincter and I wished his cock were another three inches longer. I rode him for ten minutes and then I got off. I moved around so I could suck his cock and taste my juices. Mark's cock stood straight up from his body and it was so hard. Even though I had been riding Mark's cock and was focused on that activity, my cock managed to stay rock hard, too. I stood up on the floor and admired Mark's body, spread-eagled on the bed of this room in a bath house, his cock pointing up to the ceiling. I had dreamed of a moment like this for a long time. I had ejaculated pints, if not quarts, of semen over the years as I fantasized about this encounter.

I climbed back on top of Mark and slid his cock back into my ass. It went right in this time. I lowered myself so my chest was resting on his and my head was up near his. I whispered into his ear, "How do I feel?" He replied, "It's awesome. Your hole is tight and your insides are soft and smooth. When you slide up and down on my cock it sends me into orbit." I asked, "How do you want to cum? Inside me? Or would you rather cum in my mouth?" I was in a frenzy. My cock was so hard and I was so excited. I wanted Mark to cum and I wanted it inside my body. Whether it was my mouth or my ass really didn't matter. Mark whispered back, "I want to cum in your ass. I want you to ride my cock until I explode. Then I want you to let me suck my cum out of your ass." That was it; I nearly exploded with cum. I began to ride Mark's cock once again and there was nothing slow or gentle about it. I rode it hard. Sweat began running down my back and down my forehead. After a few minutes I felt Mark's cock start to get bigger. He started breathing deeper and heavier. I knew that in a few moments he was going to shoot a huge load of semen deep inside me. I continued to stroke his cock with my ass and then it happened. He yelled and I felt his cock begin to throb. At the same instant, I felt jets of semen impact the walls of my rectum and it got a lot more slippery as I continued to ride Mark's pole. Finally his cock stopped throbbing and his heavy breathing began to subside. I laid down on his chest and asked, "How was it lover?" Between deep breaths he said, "It was amazing. I've never cum so much. I have no idea how you did it, but you made me last longer than I thought possible." I said, "I thought it was amazing, too. Your cock was so hard and it felt so good inside me. I can't wait to have it again." Mark said, "First things first. I want to taste my cum." I squeezed my anal muscles and rose up off his cock. I squeezed everything together so that nothing would leak out. I turned around so my hole was over his face and my face was looking at his semi-erect penis. I lowered my ass to Mark's mouth and relaxed. I felt a flood of semen come out of me and I felt Mark's tongue lapping it up. I lowered my head and took his cock into my mouth. His cum tasted sweet and I licked his cock to get it all. A few drops rose to the tip of his cock and I hungrily downed them. When Mark's tongue stopped licking my hole, I got up and kissed Mark. I stuck my tongue in his mouth so I could enjoy more of his cum. We swapped cum between our mouths for a few minutes. By this time the cum was runny so Mark just swallowed what was in his mouth and I did the same. 

My cock was still rock hard. I stood up on the floor and grabbed Mark's knees. I pulled him toward me and the end of the bed. I put his calves on my shoulders and lined my cock up with his hole. He smiled and said, "I want you inside me. Put your cock inside me." I touched his hole with the tip of my cock and Mark yelled, "PUT YOUR COCK INSIDE ME!" I know how to take an order so I did just that. I pushed my cock and it went in very easily. Mark removed his legs from my shoulders, pulled his knees toward his chest, and grabbed the backs of his thighs with his hands. This served to raise his butt off the bed, which gave me a better angle. I put my hands on the backs of his thighs and that raised him just a little bit more. This made his hole much more accessible and I slid my cock the rest of the way inside Mark. My abdomen was now pushed up against Mark's butt. I flexed my pubic muscles and that caused my cock to get thicker. Mark's eyes opened wide and he got a little smile on his face. "Hey, take it easy," he said. I relaxed my muscles and slid my cock back. I didn't remove my penis from him but I did draw it way back. I went forward and pumped him several times. His cock was getting hard again and I couldn't resist bending down for a lick. As I was going for his cock, my own cock came out of his ass. I sucked Mark back to a complete erection. I licked his balls and moved my mouth down across his taint and licked his gaping hole. When my tongue touched his hole, his muscles instinctively contracted and his hole closed. I positioned myself once again at his hole and with a little push my cock slid back home. I pumped him at a pretty good pace, sliding in and out of his hungry hole. 
