 I should start out by stating that the following story is true. I'm 28 years old and I've had sexual encounters with both men and women. While I lean in favor of being with women for dating purposes, I enjoy sleeping with men more. But perhaps the term "sleeping with" is not entirely accurate; I enjoy being fucked by men. Butt sex, as they say, is the best.

I am, for all intents and purposes, what many gay men would consider a "bottom." I enjoy taking cock in my ass. I enjoy having my ass ate out. I enjoy being rimmed, and fingered, and played with. I enjoy the feeling of sliding the largest cucumber I can find in and out of my hole. In short, I love ass play. When I sleep with women, I enjoy fucking them in the ass. In short, I really am sort of an ass man. 

While I've had several sexual experiences with women, I've only had a few encounters with men. Those encounters, however, were - and still are - electrifying to think of. I can remember the first time I had my dick sucked by a guy; the first time I had my ass fucked by a guy; and the first time I stuck another man's dick into my mouth and sucked him off. The memory I'm about to share, likewise, I can remember in vivid detail. It was about my first gay threesome. It gets pretty raunchy so keep that in mind. 

I am very average in real life. I look about average. My cock size is about average. My grades in high school and college are about average. The girls that I date are about average looking. Everything about me is, sadly, just about average. The only thing about me that makes me stand out is, perhaps, the fact that I have a well-defined body. I the first four years out of high school in the Army and developed a very rigid daily workout. The effort for all the work was a well-defined six-pack, pecs and arms. When I'm fully clothed, I'm just an average guy. When I'm naked, I'm a delicious platter of man meat (even with my average sized cock). At least that's what I've been told.

This is how I advertise myself on Craigslist: with my body. I'm not the only one with a six-pack out there true, but in my hometown, it gets you a lot of replies. So imagine my delight when a gay couple just a few miles down the road invites me over for a threesome and to participate as their bottom boy. Since I only do something really gay every few months or so, I try and make it as hardcore as possible. 

Prior to this point, I had only had a few gay encounters, and of those encounters, only twice had been anal. Each one was a painful experience, and I dreaded that I would never enjoy it even though I wanted to. People in porn looked like they enjoyed it, so maybe I was missing something. Maybe I just needed more practice. This turned out to be half true. 

When I showed up at their door, they greeted me and escorted me to their bedroom. As I walked through their home, they introduced themselves as Gary and Mark. I introduced myself by my gay alias, "Alex." As we entered their bedroom, I noticed the small arrangement they had set out for me - namely, towels for their beds and lube for my ass. 

As we're getting naked, I noticed that Gary cock was slightly larger and thicker than mine. He was a solid 6.5 inches and completely shaved except for a little mound above the base of his cock. I thought to myself that I could probably handle his dick in my ass without too much pain. His roommate, however, was much much larger and vastly thicker. I reached out to grab at it and realized that I didn't know what to do with it. I was easily 8 to 9 inches long and easily just as thick. I could barely fit the whole thing in my mouth let alone shove it down my throat. Gripping it in my hand and feeling it's sheer size made me feel both insufficient about myself while at the same time, incredibly turned on. One part of me feared having that thing enter me because it was going to hurt, but the more overwhelming aspect of me wanted to try.

As we started out, both Gary and Mark took turns blowing me. It was so hot. I lay there with my back against the bed, legs curled into my body and above my head while two men took turns licking my asshole and sucking my extremely erect cock. With my legs in the air I could barely see what was taking place, but I knew from the feeling in my bowels that fingers were starting to explore my anal cavity. At this point I hadn't had gay sex in months, so the feeling of - what I suspect - was two or three fingers was uncomfortable. But I loved it. The feeling of having a throat engulfing my cock while fingers moved in and out of my ass was amazing, and almost impossible to describe with words. My body responded by leaking precum. 

A few minutes in, Gary took over and started deep-throating me while Mark placed himself at my side. From this angle he could he could place his dick in my mouth. I tried to cram as much in as possible, but in the end, I just couldn't fit his 9 inches down my throat. Even with the few gay encounters I had previously, I had never really sucked a guy off. This was relatively new experience for me and I didn't know what to do. I compensated by massaging the tip of his cock with my tongue and slowly kissing his shaft. Precum started to ooze from his member and I curiously tasted it. To my surprise it was salty but had no actual "taste." Not bad I thought. 

That's when I heard the definitive sound of lube being opened. It makes a distinctive "pop!" noise. What followed was the sloshing sound of lubricant being generously applied to Gary's cock. Mark whispered in my ear to just relax and enjoy myself. He then signaled his partner to enter my body. I felt my hole stretch to accommodate his above average cock as each inch slowly made progress into my inner bowels. I bit my lip while grasping onto Gary's gigantic cock. He seemed to be enjoying my discomfort. By the time he was about three inches in I felt the uncomfortable pain of needing to shit, but being unable to do so. I tried to relax as he continued to push further into me, but the only thing I could think of was how badly I needed to go. He then started to move outward until he was all the way out. He exited my ass with a pleasant "pop" noise before starting the whole process again. Instead of stopping at three inches, he slowly filled me with four. Then with five. Then with six until he was completely inside of me. 

As I was being slowly broken in, I attempted to suck Gary's dick again. I had to take it out because the pain of having to shit was starting to over take me. I took deep, audible breaths and tried to relax. Instead of blowing Gary I was gripping onto his dick for dear life. The more pain I felt I was in, the harder I gripped his shaft. I tried to distract myself with sucking on his dick and jerking him off, but to little avail. Anal sex still hurt. 

My body was telling me I needed to go. I thought about calling it quits and going home, but I had to keep reminding myself: I had prepared myself earlier that day by emptying my bowels completely prior to coming over. There was nothing inside me that was going to come out. So I... just relaxed and, as gross as this sounds, tried to shit his dick out. And that was the key to anal sex. After a few minutes of training my body to this new sensation it started to feel good. Really good. I put Gary's cock back into my mouth and let Mark slowly plow into my body. My asshole was opening up and I learned to take his entire cock until I could feel his thick balls slapping against my butt cheeks. The feeling of pain started to subside and I focused on how good cock started to feel while it was deep in my ass. 

It was at this point that I realized that neither Gary nor Mark had any condoms, and I was pretty certain that the dick that was balls deep into my ass wasn't wearing one. I was alarmed, but I didn't care enough at this point to realize how reckless I was being. Having anal sex with two complete strangers? This wasn't like me at all - how stupid was I? I tried not to think about it but it couldn't escape me. I knew better. In the end it didn't matter; it felt too good to stop now. My mind's objection to this horribly risky scenario was being overruled by my body's craving for more cock. 

Every inch of Marks throbbing dick went in and out of my ass with a quickening pace. His breathing hastened, his thrusting became rough and erratic when all of a sudden, Mark came hard into my ass. I didn't notice how close he was at the time because I was too busy blowing Gary, but the sudden grunt, extra thrust and fresh flood of warm sperm into my bowels made me aware real quickly. I felt about four waves of sperm push into my bowels and the sensation left me feeling extra full. A few moments later Mark pulled himself out of my ass and I could feel his jizz leak out. I reached back and felt around my asshole. It was gaped wide. I moved my fingers around the perimeter to see how well it had stretched and was surprised on how large my asshole felt. I placed a few fingers inside, amazed by how easily they slide in and out. The sperm made my ass extra slippery. Wow, I thought to myself, I wish I could take a picture of this. 

Gary promptly removed himself from my mouth before his partner lavished his extra long and thick cock with lube. He used a lot and applied it with two hands. He had to his since dick was so large. Gary the laid down with his back and suggested that I sit on top of him. Gary's cock was like a tower. I stood straight up at a 90-degree angle, eager to penetrate me. I jacked it for a few moments, feeling its girth in its entirety before straddling him. I figured it couldn't be that bad. My ass was gaped open and lubricated with the Mark's sperm. I can handle nine inches no problem... right?

Well I thought wrong. As I positioned myself on top of his dick, I didn't realize how a few inches in width would translate into being an anal virgin again. Thank god Mark went first, I thought. I could barely fit Gary's cock into my ass - even after being plowed for 15 minutes! As opened as my asshole was, it felt like I was being fucked for the first time again. It hurt so badly even with my anal revelation of "shitting" a dick. I took about 4 inches over the course of maybe 2 minutes before having to get off to take a breather. Mark told me to relax while he fingered me. He inserted 4 fingers into my ass and I took it with little difficulty. The short time on Gary's dick had apparently stretched me even wider. After a few minutes of this, I got back on top. I slowly, and painfully, slid back down Gary's enormous cock. 

I was sweating. My asshole hurt so bad that I the only thing I could think about was apologizing profusely, grabbing my clothes and leaving. But I had to stick with it. Gary held on to my hips and paced my movement as I bobbed up and down his large shaft. My asshole felt like it was on fire and it wasn't going away. I actually lost my erection because I was so focused on the pain. Mark saw this and gripped my cock, opened his mouth, and started to blow me. I got hard immediately. My body was now torn on wanting to cum and wanting to shit. This sensation kept me from leaving, and I could feel the most powerful orgasm of my life building inside of my balls. About ten minutes later, Gary made me dismount him and position myself on all fours. We were going doggy style. 

To my surprise, Mark was hard again and decided he wanted to fuck. I made no objections; this was my first threesome, and I wanted to get the most out of this. His smaller cock slide into my gapping ass with no problems. He didn't even need lube, and after a few quick strokes, he started thrusting inside me harder and faster. I knew he was racing for an orgasm. I knew that my ass was loose enough for him to go as hard and as fast as he wanted without hurting me. And so I let him. I sank my face into the bed and looked at myself from their headboard mirror. My ass was high in the air with another man fucking the shit out of me while the other one jerked his dick on the side! I was a total anal slut and I loved it. I gripped the sheets of the bed with both hands and pushed back hard as Mark fucked me. I gritted my teeth and moaned. I could feel his balls slapping up against my body as he drilled himself deeper and harder into my bowels. An orgasm was building inside me and I could feel myself on the verge. I had never had an anal induced orgasm before, but this had to be it. It was so close!

But then Mark came. And the buildup stopped. As another load of Mark's sperm filled my bowels, I found myself shaking. I was so close to cumming. My asshole was wrecked and leaking cum and my orgasm that was building was turning into a painful blueballs. I NEEDED to cum SO badly. But Gary took this moment to change positions and immediately penetrate me. I was taken by surprise, once again, on how large Mark was and the painful sensation of having to shit returned. My face was still buried in the pillow, but I bit my lip. I started to breathe heavily and sweat started rolling down my brow. My erection would not disappear this time since I was stuck with an erection because of the blueballs. After all, Mark and Gary had been working my ass for about 40 minutes now and I had been horny all day. 

Gary's shoved his cock slowly into my asshole before picking up the pace. I tried to visualize how his thick cock must have looked as it disappeared, inch by glorious inch, into my inner bowels. I reached back with my hand and felt around my backdoor. It was stretched so wide and was amazed that I was able to take such a large cock. I then felt his balls slap against my hand. All 9 inches were in. Suddenly a sharp pain emerged in my stomach. I lunged forward trying to escape, as if out of reflex, but Gary stayed with me and pressed his body weight onto mine. I collapsed under his weight and was now lying face down with Gary's body on top of me, my hand still under me. I tried to move but Gary was determined to fuck the shit out of me with his large cock. I looked up and saw my reflection in the mirror. I gritted my teeth and gripped the sheets as Gary slowly removed his cock from my ass before thrusting it back in. As he pulled out, I gasped - the pain escaping, but returned each time he crammed all 9 inches back into my ass. I moaned each time, making an "UMPH!" sound. I wanted him to get off me, but I liked how dominated and full I felt. I instead moved my hand onto my cock. I NEEDED to cum I was so turned on. I tried to jerk off but I couldn't move my hand. Gary just rammed harder and harder into my ass, despite my attempts to get up. 

A few minutes of hard fucking with such a large dick made my ass muscles give up. I gave up trying to get up since my butt hole was completely destroyed. At this point I wanted to stop, but I couldn't because at the same time I felt so close to a release. Furthermore, Gary's large cock was starting to feel really good. He let me back up and asked me if I wanted to stop. I got back on all fours and Gary started to fuck me again. I wanted his cum now. I wanted it in my ass so badly. Mark, no longer content on just watching me get my asshole fucked, moved closer and started to jack me off. OH MY GOD, I could feel myself about to cum and it was going to be glorious. Gary removed his hands off my hips and used them to instead spread my asscheeks as wide as he could. He was now going all the way in and all the way out, each time making a wet "popping" noise. I could only imagine the sight he saw. My ass must have been gaped so wide. As Mark jacked me off faster, Gary placed his hands on my hips and started to thrust as hard and as fast as he could. I started to cum.

Mark's hand was like a blur as I started to release my load. I raised my head up, arched my back, and screamed "OH MY GOD!" as I began to cum. My legs were buckling; my toes curled; my body was twitching and contorting as wave after wave of orgasms hit me. The first wave of sperm had a slight delay after my first orgasm hit, but then I couldn't stop cumming. I had never come so hard in my life. My sperm was hot and thick as it poured out of me in one long string after another. The towel that was on the bed was now saturated with it. At the same time I felt my asshole contract as each orgasm came over me. This, in turn, triggered Gary's orgasm. With his last thrust, Gary came hard. All nine inches were in me and I felt an explosion of cum push into my inner bowels. It had nowhere to go as Gary only rammed his cock deeper into my ass as he came. I felt three distinct waves of sperm enter my body while Gary's still massive cock pulsated in my body. I felt so full with nine inches of cock in my ass and at least half a cup of sperm in bowels. 

As he slowly pulled out from my back door, I reached back with my hand to feel just how wide I was gaping. My asshole was MASSIVE. I felt around and determined that I could park a coke can in my asshole and still have room for a few fingers. Then the load of sperm started to leak out. I can't believe how much was in there. When I stood up more came out. I felt so good having the cum run down my leg, and I felt like I just took the best shit in the world. (Not a huge exaggeration really). I laid back down as my legs began to buckle from all the intense orgasms. I was exhausted. 

Gary then placed his cock in my face and I could tell that he wanted me to suck him off. I had never done ass to mouth, nor openly wanted to, but I felt as though I owed him. He just gave me the ass fucking of a lifetime. So I began by kissing his dick. I tasted sperm, lube and my own ass juices for the first time in my life. It wasn't as gross as I thought it would be. Sperm really doesn't taste like much, a bit salty I suppose, and I made sure I cleaned myself out prior to the days ass fucking so there would be no residual cling attached to his dick. I could smell the distinct aroma of my butt around his cock, but I figured I was already engaged this far in debauchery why not go on a little further? So I stopped kissing his dick and instead took him into my mouth. Even after he came he was still large, but he was soft enough to the point where I could fit more of him down my throat. He came a little more while I was sucking him and I licked it up with my tongue. I tasted him while trying to ignore the fact that I also tasted my own ass. I felt a bit queasy when thinking about it, so I stopped after a few moment and removed his cock from my mouth. Mark, whose hand was now soaked in my sperm, took the moment to make me taste myself by licking his finger. I tasted a bit salty myself but nothing bad. I hope my girlfriend thinks the same thing when she gives me a blowjob. 

I promptly washed myself off and put my clothes on before leaving. I always feel awkward after a bout of gay sex. After cumming I felt myself quickly returning to my normal "straight" self and promptly felt the need to get out of there as quickly, but as politely, as possible. I never saw these two again, but I wish I kept in contact with them. Even to this day, this was the most intense sexual experience I can remember and masturbate to it quite often. In fact, I've been so turned on just by typing this that I had to stop and finger my ass before finishing. God I could use a good ass fucking right now.

Well that's the end of my story. If you enjoyed it, and I hope you did, then let me know what you think! I have other experiences that I would like to share, like my first big black cock, my best blow job EVER, and the first time I fucked a girl in the ass, but those will have to wait for next time! 

If you've enjoyed this story - let me know!