 So I'll start by saying at the beginning of this, I was a gay virgin. I had multiple fantasies, looked at porn, and grew to enjoy seeing my bubble butt in my ex girlfriends panties. She left a drawer full and with my stocky frame, my ass stuck out and was nice and round from squatting all day at work. 

After a long shift, a coworker who knew about my dark side suggested I go onto a popular gay dating app and let into my submissive side. I laughed it off. It was late and I was tired. It was on my mind on the drive home, I admit. It was also on my mind in the shower as I ran my hands over my naked, soapy body dreaming they were another mans who snuck in and decided he wanted me just as much as I wanted it. I found myself fingering my asshole and softly moaning. 

I forced myself to stop and dried off slowly, reconsidering my coworkers offer. I slipped into some panties, a pale blue that crescented my ass checks perfectly, and a white tee shirt. Sitting at my desk I downloaded the notorious app and created a profile. My picture was the side of my face, and in the background, my ass face up on the bed, in satin black panties. I titled it looking for now and waited. I got a few dick pics and a few offers for sugar daddies and I had to admit I was more turned off than on. I was just about to give up when I got a message from TigerBoiTop and a barrel chested man stood in his pictures frame, ebony colored. my type.

TigerBoiTop: Hey there, nice profile pic...lol

Me: Thanks!! ;) yours is nice too...

TigerBoiTop: *sends biggest black cock I've ever seen*

Me: oh my god. my jaw dropped...it looks yummy...

Me: *Sends multiple pictures of myself in various positions with my ass protruding towards the camera. My best is a set of Harley Quinn short shorts*

TigerboiTop: Ever had a rim job?

Me: no. sounds fun, you offering?

TigerboiTop: *sends location*

At this point, my breath is labored from tension, lust, desire, and the weight of the next devious I'm about to make. My keys are already in my hands, and I've slipped into those Harley Quinn shorts. Without thinking I leave and head into my parking lot. With a few glances from passing strangers and a wink from me, I climb into my car and punch the strangers address into my navigation. The dark roads give me time to realize my next hour or so. I don't know this mans name but Im about to suck his cock and whatever else he wants to do...Im his. I could turn around at any second but I don't. Im going to do this.

I arrive at his house, a dark apartment, with ease and park quietly. Nobody is awake by the time Ive arrived and my attire isn't so surprising. I knock a few times on his door and text him Ive arrived. The man I've been desiring answers with a crack and looks me up and down. Opening wider now he smiles and offers me in. I take a few steps in, letting my hips sway and look down. I don't want to know his place, I want to see his bedroom. I think he picked up on this and he leads me up to his bedroom, a small room with a desk and a king sized bed. Some laundry is on the floor but whatever my rooms dirty too.

We sit down together on my bed and he rests his hand on my upper thigh. Ive never been seduced before and I must admit its intoxicating. 

"You look so sexy..." He offered before his lips found my neck. I giggled and pressed my face into his. 

"Can I have some water?"

He stopped and looked at me, almost surprised. But he left and returned with water and I drank it in one pull, lubricating my throat. I thanked him and then slowly walked to him, draping my arms up and around his neck and then turning and pressing my ass into his cock. God I could feel it through his basketball shorts. He removed his shirt and then ran his hands over my chest and pulled my shirt up over my head as well. 

Disappearing under the shirt I took advantage and got to my knees and grabbed his cock through his pants. He gasped and looked down and without thinking I pulled the rim of his pants down and pulled his black cock out and met it face first. We stared at one another for a moment, it daring me to try it. I gave in and pressed my face into the side of it, kissing and sucking each inch of meat he had to offer. I found my way to the head and suckled and licked, my eyes found his and my head lowered as much as I could. I did what I had seen in pornos and bobbed. I pulled myself off and used my hands to twist and pump as I spit the mixture, lubricating his cock even more. I pushed his monster up to his stomach and licked from his balls up to his head and then back to his balls. I let one pop into my mouth and I moaned into it. He grabbed the back of my head and continued to jack himself off. 

I don't know how it happened, it must have been kind of a minute black out, but I was on his bed face first in a pillow the next minute, I could feel my shorts down around my thighs and my panties where tight to one side. The most wonderful sensation was emanating from my asshole and I realized his tongue was fiercely digging into it. A loud slap against my ass confirmed and I moaned, turning to look back at him. "Fuck...youre eating it...reall good...dadd...yy..." He moaned and kept eating, squeezing my fat cheeks into his firm hands, I enjoyed watching my skin in-between his fingers. He stood and without a notice, he plunged his cock into my virgin asshole.

I shouted and grabbed the wall in front of me. 

"Holy FUCK!"

He laughed and grabbed both of my ass cheeks like they were a steering wheel and pulled me back onto it. I swear I felt it in my stomach. My eyes glossed over, my mouth went limp, and I was suddenly a slave to this mans cock. I felt myself gripping into the blanket and pushing back into him. "Yes! YES! FUCK ME! FUCK THAT ASS!" his hips slapped into my ass repeatedly and the sound echoed off his walls, god I wished his neighbors heard. 

"im gonna..."

I kept bouncing back and forth, I wasn't even sure if he was moving anymore, I needed this length. 

"FILL ME, FUCK FUCK FUCK I NEED THIS IN MY ASS, MY FAT FUCKING ASS"

I felt another strange sensation fill my asshole, Tigerboi cried out and grabbed my shoulders tightly. I screamed in ecstasy as his cum overflowed out of my asshole around his cock. We both said fuck at at the same time.

I turned and he pulled me off the bed, I wrapped my legs around his hips and he stood, and we stood there making out for a few minutes before he let me dress and walked me to my car. I never saw him again, but I look at the app every now and again and update my picture just in case...