 THE DISCOVERY

Chuck Johnson got home earlier than expected that Saturday morning as his golf game was rained out before they finished 9 holes. They hung around in the clubhouse but the rain didn't let up and then the golf course was closed. His buddy Ben dropped him off at his house and he went inside to fix a Bloody Mary himself. He then planned to sit on his back porch and listen the steady rain while enjoying his drink. What he discovered was beyond his imagination.

As he approached his back porch he saw two young men engaged in sex. They were in a 69-position sucking each other's cock. A quick check of the dicks and Chuck assessed them to be of average size about six inches in length. At first, he thought to scream and yell at the young gays but then decided to watch them. He had no plans that day or that evening and he thought things could get interesting. 

Chuck was no stranger to bisexual encounters but he had never had one stateside. On his last assignment in Paris he had a few encounters with effeminate looking gays with sweet asses. As he studied the two young lads, he recognized one of them who lived down the street from him. The other lad he did not recognize. He watched and waited patiently until both of them ejaculated. 

They had both pulled out and jerked off on each other's face and then they took the cocks back in their mouths. As they sucked each other's cock clean, Chuck wondered if they were into anal sex. They both had nice asses and ones he would not think twice about fucking. As they sucked each other dry, Chuck decided it was time to introduce himself. He was already hard but he knew he would have to go slow. He guessed that they may not be ready for a cock his size. He walked out on his porch and challenged the two gays.

"Gentlemen, I can see what you are doing but what the hell are you doing in my house?"

"Oh shit, we're so sorry. We thought you were gone for the weekend. We didn't see your car and the back door was open."

"My car is in for service, I pick it up Monday. So again, I ask why are you here?"

"We were looking for a private place to hookup and we didn't think you were home."

"I know you. You live down the street, right?"

"Yes, with my parents. My name is Timmy. This is my friend Jerry."

"How old are you two?"

"We're both 20 and we go to the community college. That's where we met."

"I saw that you are both into oral sex, have you tired anal yet?"

"We have, we just started and still getting used to it."

"Come on inside and have a drink with me, don't bother getting dressed. Just bring your clothes inside."

The two boys looked at each other somewhat nervously but they did as they were told. They carried their clothes in the house and sat in Chuck's family room. He offered them beers and they graciously accepted. Even though they were two, they knew they would be no match for the muscular Chuck. He was an imposing individual at 6'2" and a fit 190 pounds. Timmy and Jerry were almost look a likes at 5'6' and 140 pounds. They sipped the beers and Chuck drank his Bloody Mary. The two young gays got more comfortable in his presence. 

"I want to see you two fuck each other."

"Really, here," Timmy replied.

"Of course, here, you were going to do it anyway if I wasn't here."

"We've never done that with someone watching."

"I'm sure that you haven't but today we will make an exception. I'll get some cream for you."

"I have some," Timmy admitted sheepishly.

"Well then, I was right, you did plan to fuck each other. Go ahead get started."

Chuck watched as the two young gays prepared to have anal sex. Timmy first lubed Jerry's ass and then after greasing his cock he entered his lover. Chuck looked at them closely now and admired their sweet young bodies and curvy bottoms. Both of them wore their hair long but not too long. Just enough to cover their ears and neck. Timmy had very light brown hair and Jerry's was a little darker. After watching them for a few minutes, Chuck decided to join in. He stripped naked and walked over to offer his cock to Jerry.

Both Jerry and Timmy were surprised to see Chuck naked but they were even more shocked to see him naked with his big nearly eight-inch cock fully erect. They stopped fucking and they both stared at his imposing cock.

"I thought that you two may like to have some more cock," Chuck said as he waved his big dick in front of Jerry's face.

"Are you gay?" Timmy questioned.

"No, I'm not into cock but I thought that you might like a taste of mine."

"We've never done it with anyone else," said Jerry in embarrassment. 

"Do it Jerry, suck his cock. It's okay. Let's make it a threesome," Timmy urged.

Jerry tentatively reached for Chuck's cock. He held the long thick cock in his hand briefly before he finally licked the head with his tongue. He couldn't believe the girth on the cock as he could not wrap his hand all the way around it. Jerry opened his mouth and took the head in and he felt his jaw strain to accommodate the size. He only took about four inches of the cock into his mouth and began to suck on it. Timmy resumed fucking his lover as Jerry sucked on Chuck's cock. The whole scene had the three of them turned on and it didn't take long for Timmy to cum and fill Jerry's ass with a massive load. 

Chuck loved the blow job he was getting from the cute gay as it was as good as any girl had given him. Even though Jerry was still adjusting to Chuck's size he did a good job sucking cock. It had been a few days since Chuck had had sex so when he came he flooded Jerry's mouth. Jerry was taken back by the force and amount of cum that shot into his mouth. He had to pull off the spurting cock to keep from gagging and the remainder of the cum splashed off of his forehead and face. Timmy emptied his balls into his lover's ass as he watched Chuck's massive load hit his partner's face. Jerry wiped cum off his face and licked his fingers clean.

"I need to cum," Jerry gasped in near desperation.

Timmy moved into position to be fucked and Jerry got the lube and prepared his ass. As Jerry was fingering Timmy's shapely ass Chuck decided that he would fuck Jerry. Chuck took the lube and fingered Jerry's ass just as he often did with his girlfriend's ass. Jerry was leery of the big cock and he hoped that Chuck wouldn't try to fuck him. Jerry slipped his cock into Timmy's ass and began fucking him while Chuck continued to finger fuck Jerry. Jerry actually liked the anal penetration as he fucked his lover and he wished that Chuck had a smaller cock so that he could fuck him.

Chuck, satisfied that Jerry's ass was well lubed, applied a generous amount of lube to his own cock. Chuck moved in behind the cute gay and pushed his cock into the snug ass. Jerry panicked and pleaded with Chuck not to fuck him.

"Chuck please no, you're too big, I can't take you in my ass."

"Nonsense, if my girlfriend can take my cock in her ass you certainly can. You're not a virgin, you just need to be broken in some more."

"Fuck him Chuck, fuck his ass just like he's fucking mine," Timmy called out.

Jerry's fate was sealed and Chuck eased more of his cock into the snug but receptive ass. He was gentle though relentless in his quest to fuck the sweet bottom. He would push in a little and stop allowing Jerry to adjust along the way. Finally, he began a rocking motion and began fucking him slowly. Jerry's ass had stretched enough now that he was comfortable with Chuck's cock in him and he resumed fucking his partner. As Jerry picked up the pace fucking Timmy in the ass he was pushing his own ass back onto Chuck's cock. Chuck slowed down as he didn't have to move much while Jerry was fucking Timmy. Jerry would bury his cock in Timmy and in the process his ass would slide along Chuck's cock. When Jerry withdrew slightly from Timmy's ass he impaled his ass on Chuck's cock. Chuck inched closer and closer as Jerry seemed to be able to take more and more of his cock. When Jerry felt Chuck's pubic hair brush against his buttocks, he realized that Chuck was all the way in his ass. He couldn't believe that he had taken all of the big thick cock. He was proud of himself now and he picked up the pace fucking his lover and impaling himself of Chuck's cock. 

Chuck came before Jerry did but when he felt cum shoot into his ass he lost it. His buttocks tightened as he plunged his cock all the way into Timmy's ass and unleashed his first load of the day. Jerry flooded his lover's rectum with an enormous load one of the largest he could remember. As his buttocks clenched and unclenched as he came in Timmy's ass, he milked every drop of cum from Chuck's cock. Chuck caressed the shapely ass as he let his cock be milked dry. He liked looking at the tanned gays with their lily white asses. The fact that they had tan lines emphasized the shape of their curvy bottoms.

Timmy was erect again after the fuck session, so he had Jerry suck his cock. Chuck watched them and then he too got hard again. Jerry was also hard again after sucking his lover and swallowing his load. This time Timmy would take Chuck's cock in his ass as he sucked Jerry's cock. The three of them fucked and sucked until they were drained and exhausted. Chuck was not interested in cock but he didn't mind giving them a reach around while he was fucking them in the ass. He actually enjoyed playing with their balls and jerking them off as he fucked them. They were sated and drained, stretched out on the carpeted floor.

"Well boys, that was a wonderful unplanned afternoon. I'm extending the offer to you both to come over to my house anytime that you are in the mood for sex. In fact, I have no plans for tomorrow, so why not come back?"

Both young lads agreed enthusiastically and promised they would come by on Sunday. Chuck told them to come over late morning after breakfast.

SUNDAY ENCORE

Timmy and Jerry arrived close to ten o'clock. Chuck offered them coffee and then they sat in the family room again. Not wanting to rush into things, Chuck decided to warm them up with conversation. 

"So, tell me, when did you two learn that you were gay? When did you start having sex with each other?"

The boys looked at each other and then Timmy began, "It started one time at my house. My folks were gone for the weekend. We decided to watch some porn and as we were watching it we took our cocks out and jerked off."

"Were you watching gay porn?"

"No, it was straight porn but we liked seeing the big cocks."

"What happened next?"

"We sat next to each other and this time we jerked each other off. Then before we came again, we got naked."

Jerry then added, "The second time we came our hands were covered with cum. Then we tasted it for the first time."

"We stayed naked the rest of the day and then started doing things to each other that we saw in the porn movie. The girls in the movie were sucking cocks and that's when decided to try that."

"I guess you both liked that and took to it."

"We did, we loved it," Timmy blurted out.

"Anything else that day?"

"Yeah, we watched the guys licking the girl's assholes before they fucked them in the ass. We decided to try that but we knew we had to be clean. We took a bath in my parent's tub which is one of those big Roman style ones."

"So, you rimmed each other, did you fuck that day?"

"No, we just licked, fingered and played with each other's ass. We both got excited and decided to suck each other's cock. That was the first time we sucked cock."

"Did you enjoy that, did you like cumming in each other's mouth."

Jerry jumped back in, "Oh man it was great. We tried to cum a fourth time too but it was difficult after three."

"You guys came four times yesterday."

"I know but we were really turned on thank to you."

"When did you try anal?"

Timmy spoke again, "Not for a few weeks. We kept sucking cock as often as we could. Then my folks were gone for the day on a Saturday. We watched more porn, this time we watched gay porn. We spent all day having anal sex. The first time it hurt like hell but then our asses stretched out and we got into it. The third time we fucked that day we were pretty well broken in."

"Well I don't know about you guys but listening to you has put me in the mood. Let's go up to my bedroom this time."

The three of them went to Chuck's bedroom and took off their clothes. All of them were sporting erections. Chuck had them get in bed on their sides so they could fuck in the spoon position. Both asses were lubed as well as the two cocks that would be filling them. Chuck lay behind Timmy and he pressed his body against the cute brunette. Timmy sensing his presence stopped fucking so that Chuck could enter him. Chuck eased his cock into Timmy's ass and Timmy moaned as he was penetrated. Timmy then resumed fucking Jerry as Chuck fucked him. 

Just as he had on Saturday, Chuck didn't have to move that much as the fucking motion of Timmy caused his ass to slide back and forth on Chuck's cock. Chuck watched as his cock moved in and out of Timmy's shapely ass and he was still in disbelief that he was participating in bi-sex again. It had been five years since Chuck had his first bi-sex in Paris. He loved fucking both of them and he liked getting his cock sucked. 

"I'm going to cum," Timmy announced in a soft voice.

"Oh good," Jerry uttered equally softly.

Chuck felt Timmy's sphincter tighten around his cock as Timmy emptied his balls into Jerry's receptive ass. Both Timmy and Jerry liked cumming when they had a cock in their ass and Chuck liked it when they ejaculated while he was fucking them. Chuck went right on fucking Timmy who stayed in Jerry's ass.

"Oh, I feel it," Jerry cried out acknowledging that Timmy's semen had filled his rectum.

"I'm right behind you Timmy," Chuck whispered as he felt his balls tighten.

Chuck drove his cock deep into the hot curvy ass and unleashed a torrent of spunk into the poop chute. Timmy moaned as his rectum was filled to overflowing with the massive load. Timmy clenched and unclenched his sphincter milking Chuck's cock. When Chuck pulled out a stream of semen ran out of Timmy's anus and trickled over his buttock.

"Do you have something left for me?" Jerry asked teasingly as he knew that Chuck could cum several times.

Chuck stroked his still hard cock and replied, "You know I do."

"Timmy, get on your back so I can fuck you," Jerry directed.

Timmy rolled over, cum still oozing from his ass, as Jerry moved into position. Jerry smiled when he saw Timmy's cum dripping anus and he aimed his cock at the dilated entrance. He eased his stiff dick into Timmy's ass and it went in easily after Chuck had fucked it. Jerry waited for Chuck to enter his ass before he began fucking Timmy. As before, Chuck did not have to move much at first. Jerry thrust his hips back and forth and his cock disappeared and re-appeared in Timmy's ass. Jerry's motion moved his ass back and forth on Chuck's big cock.

Chuck stared at Jerry's ass in admiration. Jerry had a beautiful ass and it was one that was designed to have a cock in it. It was beautifully shaped, hairless and flawless. Timmy had a nice ass too but Jerry's was more feminine looking. Still now that Chuck had his first bi encounter with them, he loved fucking both their asses. Chuck had always liked anal sex but he never thought that he would be fucking two beautiful gay asses in his house. As he looked at Jerry's marvelous ass, Chuck felt he could easily be fucking a girl in the ass, that's have much he resembled a girl from behind.

Chuck's thoughts were interrupted when he felt Jerry's sphincter tighten around his cock. Then Jerry stopped moving as he ejaculated into Timmy's ass. Chuck stopped moving too and he relished feeling Jerry's sphincter clenching and releasing his cock with each spurt of semen that he shot into Timmy's ass. Jerry then collapsed over Timmy and Chuck moved with him. Chuck drilled the hot ass as Jerry's cock softened in Timmy's ass and slipped out. Jerry's and Chuck's combined semen dribbled out of Timmy's ass and coated his buttocks. Jerry knew that in a few seconds that he too would be dripping both Timmy's seed and Chuck seed from his ass. Chuck stiffened and fired a massive load into Jerry's ass flooding his rectum. Jerry moaned with each blast that shot into him. He still could not get over the loads that Chuck could continually generate; he was a cum-producing machine.

Chuck collapsed on top of Jerry and the three of them remained still until Chuck's cock softened and slipped from Jerry's ass with an audible popping sound. A river of semen ran out of Jerry's ass over his balls and on to Timmy's soft cock and testicles. Chuck moved away first and rolled over on his back. The two pretty gays move into a 69 position and sucked each other's cock clean. They also rimmed each other and sucked the cum from their bottoms. Both of them were squeaky clean and they had thoroughly washed their bottoms before arriving at Chuck's house.

Next Timmy and Jerry moved down to Chuck's cock where they took turns sucking it. When Timmy was sucking Chuck's cock, Jerry was sucking Chuck's balls and then they would trade. Chuck got hard again but it would be a few minutes before he was ready to cum. That was fine with Jerry and Timmy as they enjoyed sucking and playing with Chuck's cock and balls. Chuck put his hands behind his head and relaxed as the other two enjoyed his body. Chuck knew he would be fucking those hot cute asses a few more times. What a great way to spend a Sunday at home.

THE ARRANGEMENT

Chuck told the gays that they could use his house anytime that they wanted to have sex. However, they were to check with him first to make sure he didn't have a girl over. He also told them that when he didn't have a date that he would join them. One rule was that they were not allowed to bring anyone else into the relationship and certainly not into the house. They were thrilled with the arrangement and Chuck gave Timmy a key to the house. 

The following Saturday while Chuck was playing golf the two lovers entered his home. Chuck had told them to use the guest bedroom when it was just the two of them. They got in bed naked and Timmy took Jerry's cock into his mouth and Jerry followed Timmy's lead. The two of them sucked cock and they relished the feeling of the soft mushroom heads in their mouths. They took the similar 6" cocks as deep in their mouths as they were comfortable with doing as they made love to each other. 

They held to each other's ass cheeks as they sucked each other. Timmy moved a finger between his lover's ass cheeks and tickled his anus and again Jerry did the same thing to his lover. Jerry felt a surge pass through his loins and his testicles tightened signaling that he was about to cum. He felt his cum travel from his scrotum through his cock and blast into his lover's mouth. Timmy just held onto the twitching ass and swallowed the load as it shot into his mouth. He then rubbed his lover's balls as he drank down every drop of cum. Jerry was in ecstasy as he always enjoyed ejaculating into his lover's mouth. 

He had stopped sucking cock briefly as he savored the moment of cumming in his lover's mouth but then at Timmy's urging he resumed sucking cock. Timmy shot his load shortly thereafter and flooded Jerry's mouth with cum. Jerry did just as his lover had done and swallowed as fast as he tried to capture every drop of cum. They continued to hold to each other and suck each other in the 69 position. They were both so turned on that they remained hard. They could have cum again in each other's mouth but Timmy wanted to fuck. 

"You really came quick today."

"So did you, I guess we were really turned on."

"I'm going to fuck you Jerry and then I want you to fuck me."

The two beautiful gays separated from their 69 position and Timmy told Jerry to get on all fours. He did as he was told and positioned himself on all fours. He looked back over his shoulder with excitement at his lover. Timmy played with the curvy bottom a long time as he loved fingering his lover's hole and caressing his shapely ass. Jerry stayed hard throughout the foreplay and at one time he thought that he might cum again. It was just then that Timmy told him to turn over. Jerry lifted his legs and placed them on his lover's shoulders as directed.
