 PRELUDE

The scene is Chuck's recreation room was very erotic. Jerry was lying back on the pool table with his ass at the edge. His legs were drawn up and Chuck was drilling the sweet ass with his big dick. Leaning over the table, Jerry was getting his ass fucked by Ben. The four of them were completely naked and Jerry was kissing Timmy. Chuck had Ben fuck Jerry first because the gay young ass was so irresistible. It was Ben's first time fucking a gay ass but he was loving it.

Jerry's ass was perfect. It was shapely, round, plump and had no blemishes. The skin contrast between his white buttocks and tanned body made it look even more appealing. Ben remarked that Jerry's lovely ass was much nicer than his girlfriend's. He loved fondling and squeezing the plump cheeks as he drove his impressive cock in and out. The view of his cock moving in and out between the curvy buttocks was enticing.

Ben's cock was not as long and thick as Chuck's but it was still bigger than average. Both gay young men loved having their asses full of throbbing cocks. It was early afternoon and the four of them would be at it for hours. It was Ben's first bisexual encounter but he knew it would not be his last. When Ben ejaculated he flooded Jerry's rectum with an enormous load. It was one of his largest ever. Right after that, Chuck filled Timmy's ass with a sizeable load.

The guys pulled out, got a beer and sat down to watch the others. Jerry and Timmy moved to the floor and took turns fucking each other. They liked slipping their dicks into the cum-filled rectums. Once they were finished fucking each other, Chuck tossed them towels to catch the semen as it seeped out. They then joined the guys on the sofa and sat on the towels. Chuck got them a beer and minutes later the young men were playing with the big cocks. 

This time Timmy was stroking and sucking Ben's dick. Jerry was doing the same to Chuck. It was a warm-up to anal sex as both guys wanted to fuck the pretty asses again. An hour ago, it had started out with the four of them shooting pool so as to break the ice with Ben. Things had moved quickly though and the young men were comfortable with adding Ben to the group sex.

EARLIER THAT DAY

After golf on Sunday, Ben drove Chuck tp his house and Chuck invited him in for a beer. Ben heard the sound of pool play8ng coming from the rec room. 

"Sounds like you have company, Chuck."

"Oh, that's my neighbor Timmy and his friend Jerry. I let them use the house whenever they want to have sex. They were probably waiting for me to get home first."

"Did I hear you correctly? You let them have sex in your house."

"Right, they are very cute gay young men. They give great head and have lovely asses."

"You've had sex with them? You're not gay!"

"No but kind of bisexual. I'm not into cock but I like getting my dick sucked and fucking their sweet asses."

"This is unbelievable."

"Come on let's take our beers downstairs and you can meet them. You don't have to do anything that you don't want to."

"I won't."

They went down to the rec room and the teens were surprised to see Ben with Chuck. In turn Ben was shocked when he saw the pretty gay men. They were both effeminate looking and had nice bodies.

"This is my golfing buddy, Ben. I invited him in for a beer and we heard you down here. Rack them up and let's shoot some pool."

Jerry racked up the balls and Ben found that he could not take his eyes off the shapely ass in the tan slacks. As the game went on they more comfortable with Ben being there. Ben, on the other hand though, was having strange feelings about Jerry. He stared at the curvy bottom everytime Jerry was lining up a shot. He thought about Chuck fucking that ass and he was curious about it himself. Chuck then blurted out.

"The losing team has to take of their clothes."

Jerry and Timmy laughed at the announcement as there was no way they could beat Chuck and Ben. They went along with it though knowing full well where things were headed. As soon as the game was over the two gay men stripped and stood naked in the rec room. 

"Timmy, come over here and suck my cock. Jerry you sick Ben's."

Timmy obediently moved to Chuck and dropped to his knees. He unfastened the belt and pants and pulled them along with the underwear down Chuck's legs. The big dick sprang out and Timmy went to work on it. Ben was mesmerized by the sight but then realized that a naked Jerry was kneeling in front of him and fumbling with his pants. Ben was not completely hard but Jerry had him so in minutes. Chuck had been right, Jerry gave great head.

Chuck lifted Timmy to his feet and then had him lay back on the pool table. He stripped off the rest of his clothes and located the lubricant. He greased up the sweet ass and his big dick before easing it into the receptive ass. Ben was flabbergasted as he watched the big cock disappear in between the cheeks. Jerry then stood up and spoke softly.

"Ben do you want to fuck me. I would like you to fuck me."

Jerry went to the side of the pool table and bent over slightly emphasizing the shape of his incredible ass. Ben felt his loins stir at the thought of fucking that ass. He took off the rest of his clothes and moved behind Jerry, who hand him the lube.

"Here, lube my ass and put some on your cock too."

Ben's hands were shaking as he had never done anything like this before. He had lubed and fucked girl's asses before but this was different and a bit unnerving. Still he was determined to go through with it and he prepared the lovely bottom for his cock. He eased his stiff dick into a gay ass for his first time. He loved the feel of the warm chute but even more so the sight of his cock in the marvelous ass. Only able to see jerry from the back, Ben felt like he could be fucking a woman. 

It didn't take him long to get into it and savor the moment. He could not get over how erotic it was to watch his cock move in and out between the lovely buttocks. He didn't feel like he was a fucking a gay man, he just felt wonderful. Jerry had leaned over and he was kissing Timmy as Chick fucked him. Ben was surprised to see that Timmy had an erection as he was butt fucked. He wondered if Jerry had an erection too but he couldn't see it and he was not going to touch it.

Ben's release snuck up on him and he fired a huge load into Jerry's rectum. Chuck had already cum in Timmy's ass and he was fucking him slowly. Ben felt the sphincter squeeze his cock and milk it. A few more strokes and he eased his dick out. He was suddenly embarrassed and hustled over to the sofa with Chuck. Jerry then spoke to Timmy.

"Timmy, fuck me, I want you to feel that big load in me."

They moved to the floor with Jerry on all fours. Timmy moved behind his lover and slipped his cock into the cum-filled ass. Ben nursed his beer as he and Chick watched the action.

"So, Ben, how was it?"

"It was better than I ever thought it could possibly be. It's a bit scary to feel that satisfied after fucking a gay young man's ass."

"I told you. They behave so much like young women, I don't think of them as gay men, although I know they are. I do enjoy their talents."

Timmy had switched positions with Jerry as it had not take him long to cum. It would take Jerry very long either and Chuck got the towels for them. After Jerry came in his lover's ass, they held the towels to their bottoms and went to the bathroom. Minutes later they were seated on the sofa with the guys and sipping beer. Chuck turned n the TV but they would not be watching it for very long.

ROUND TWO

Timmy and Jerry loved to play with cocks, if not their own, then Chuck's and now Ben's. They loved stroking the bigger dicks and fondling the taut ball sacs. Once the guys were hard, Timmy and Jerry performed their oral skills. That didn't last too long as the guys were anxious to fuck the sweet gay asses for a second time. The gay lovers moved into a 69-position sucking each other as their asses were filled again.

Ben got behind Timmy and Chuck behind Jerry. It was a wild scene for Ben as he watched Timmy suck Jerry's cock as Chuck fucked Jerry. His cock was sheathed in Timmy's ass and when he felt a hand on his testicles he knew it was Jerry. Ben could never have imagined himself in this situation or would he have ever guessed it would be so pleasurable. Like Chuck, he was not interested in cock but he was definitely a bisexual convert. 

The hand rubbing his ball sac set him off sooner than he expected and Ben fired another decent size load into Timmy this time. Chuck moaned signaling his ejaculation and Jerry groaned as his rectum was filled a second time. Jerry and Timmy kept sucking each other until they had cum in each other's mouth. That was enough for Ben for one day.

"Chuck, do mind if I shower before I leave?"

"No. not at all, help yourself to whatever you need." 

Ben showered and dressed. When he was ready to leave he saw that they had moved into a threesome. Timmy was on his back on the floor with jerry fucking him. Chuck was kneeling behind Jerry and fucking him. Ben looked at Jerry's marvelous bottom and thought to himself, "He does have one super-fine-fuckable ass." Ben then left and drove home. He wondered if after golf next Sunday, would there be a repeat performance. In an odd way, he hoped so. 

ADEQUATE SUBSTITUTE

Chuck had made arrangements at an upscale resort for Friday and Saturday nights. He had planned to treat his girlfriend to a special weekend; dinner, dancing spa treatments, and of course plenty of sex. As it turned out on Friday she cancelled because she didn't feel well. At first Chuck was pissed but he got over it. He decided to stay at the resort anyway since it was paid for and non-refundable. 

At 5:00 PM he walked around to check on the guests and did not see any available women. That's when he decided to call Timmy. He explained the situation to his neighbor and invited him over. Timmy was excited and asked if he could bring Jerry. Chuck smiled to himself as that is juts the answer he hoped to get.

"Of course, invite Jerry too. I'm in room 615. I'll see you later."

In the room that evening Chuck got drinks from the mini bar and they chatted briefly. Timmy was anxious to have sex and Jerry was anxious to get at Chuck's cock. They talked about sex and that put them in the mood for action not that they needed much incentive.

Timmy said as took Jerry's hand and led him to the bed. Timmy undressed Jerry down to his underwear. He reached in Jerry's undershorts and fondled the stiffening cock. Things moved quickly and within minutes Timmy and Jerry were naked fucking in bed. As Chuck watched the two of them fuck he felt his own cock harden. He stripped off his clothes and his big cock sprung to attention. Chuck walked around in front of Jerry who stared at the imposing cock.

"I thought that you might like this," Chuck said as he waved his big dick in front of Jerry's face.

"You know I do."

"Jerry, suck his cock while I fuck you," Timmy urged.

"With pleasure!"

Jerry reached for it and he held the long thick cock in his hand briefly before he finally licked the head with his tongue. Jerry, as always, was thrilled with the girth of the big cock; he could not wrap his hand all the way around it. Jerry opened his mouth and took the head into his mouth and he felt his jaw strain slightly as it always did to accommodate it. Jerry only took about four inches of the cock into his mouth and began to suck on it. Timmy resumed fucking Jerry as he sucked on Chuck's cock. Timmy was turned on to be fucking Jerry again and it didn't take long for Timmy to cum and fill the ass with a massive load. 

Chuck loved the blow job he was getting from Jerry as it was as good as anyone had given him. Jerry did a good job sucking his cock. Chuck was very turned on so when he came he flooded the succulent mouth. Jerry was taken back by the force and amount of cum that shot into his mouth. It hit the back of his throat with a force he had not felt before. He had to pull off the spurting cock to keep from gagging and the remainder of cum splashed off of his forehead and face. Timmy emptied his balls into Jerry's ass as he watched Chuck's massive load hit his lover's face. Jerry wiped the seed off his face and licked his fingers clean.

"I need to cum now," Jerry gasped, "Timmy let me have your ass."

Timmy moved into position to be fucked and Jerry got the lube and prepared the sweet bottom. As Jerry was fingering Timmy's shapely ass, Chuck decided that he would fuck Jerry's nice round curvy ass. Chuck took the lube and fingered Jerry's ass just as he always did. Jerry slipped his cock into Timmy's ass and began fucking him while Chuck continued to finger fuck Jerry. Jerry actually liked the anal penetration as he fucked Timmy. He anxiously awaited the big dick. Chuck, satisfied that the lovely ass was well greased, applied a generous amount of lube to his own cock. Chuck moved in behind Jerry and pushed his cock into the marvelous derriere. Jerry tensed and reminded Chuck to take it slow.

Chuck eased more of his cock into the receptive ass. Chuck was gentle though relentless in his quest to fuck the pretty gay bottom. Chuck would push in a little and stop allowing Jerry to adjust along the way. He gradually began a rocking motion and began fucking Jerry slowly. Jerry's ass had once again stretched enough that he was comfortable with the big cock in him and he resumed fucking Timmy. 

As he picked up the pace fucking Timmy in the ass he was pushing his own ass back onto Chuck's cock. Chuck loved this as he didn't need to move while Jerry was fucking Timmy. Jerry would bury his cock in Timmy and in the process his ass would slide along Chuck's cock. When Jerry withdrew slightly from Timmy's ass he impaled his ass on the big dick. Chuck inched closer and closer as the pretty gay young man was able to take more and more. Jerry felt pubic hair brush against his buttocks and he realized that the cock was all the way in his ass. Jerry was proud of himself as he was each time he handled the large cock. He picked up the pace fucking Timmy and impaling himself on the stiff rod.

Chuck came first and when Jerry felt cum shoot into his ass he lost it. His buttocks tightened as he plunged his cock all the way into Timmy's ass and unleashed his first load of the day. He flooded Timmy's rectum with an enormous load, one of the largest he could remember. His buttocks clenched and unclenched as he came in Timmy's ass, he milked every drop of cum from Chuck's cock. Chuck caressed the shapely ass as he let his cock be drained dry. Chuck liked looking at the tanned young men with their lily-white asses. The fact that they had tan lines really emphasized the shape of their curvy bottoms and from this position they were look-a-likes except for the color of their hair.

They took a break and had another drink. They remained naked in bed. Jerry and Timmy played with each other's cock and they both played with Chuck's dick.

Timmy was erect again, so he had Jerry suck his cock. Chuck watched Jerry suck Timmy's cock and then Chuck got hard again. Jerry was also hard again after sucking Timmy and swallowing his load. 

This time Timmy took Chuck's cock in his ass as he sucked Jerry's cock. The three of them fucked and sucked until they were drained and exhausted. Chuck was not interested in cock but he didn't mind giving them both a reach around while he was fucking them in the ass. He actually enjoyed playing with their balls and jerking them off as he fucked them. Their threesome was fantastic and they still had Saturday to enjoy each other. 

INSATIABLE SATURDAY

Chuck was up early and left the two pretty young gay men sleeping in the king size bed. He decided to get a workout in before the others woke up. He changed into workout gear in the bathroom to be quiet. When he came out he so that Timmy was awake. 

"Are you coming back to bed, Chuck?"

"No, I'm going to the fitness center you two get some rest. I'll join you later."

Timmy rolled toward jerry and draped his arm over his sleeping lover. Another hour went by and the two lovers slowly woke up. Timmy informed Jerry that Chuck went to the fitness center. Actually, they were thankful that they had time with each other first. Their asses would be snug at first when they fucked each other. That would not be the case if Chuck got to them first. Jerry got on his back and lubed his anus as Timmy moved between his legs. Jerry wrapped his ankles around his lover's torso and pulled him closer. The cock entered the receptive ass and pushed passed his sphincter. Timmy stopped and remained still for a moment and waited for a reaction. Jerry rotated his hips and arched his back to get the cock further inside him.

Jerry's body opened up to his lover and he felt the cock stretch him open. Timmy's cock slid in and out slowly until he had finally buried all six inches in Jerry's ass. It was a wonderful feeling to have Timmy completely inside him once again. Timmy pulled out a little and then he stopped and pushed back inside. The feeling was fantastic and Jerry began to rotate his hips again. Timmy pulled almost all of the way out and then plunged inside fucking his lover with passion. Jerry moaned in response to the pounding and they began to make love. Timmy leaned over and Jerry wrapped his legs around him, hooking his ankles together and they began rocking and moving beautifully together. 

They were fucking hard, fast and reveled in each thrust. Jerry looked down and watched his balls and erect cock bounce around as his lover fucked him. Timmy began to moan louder and louder. They fucked harder and faster. Jerry felt the cock swell in his rectum. He was close and he began to pump his own cock with his hand. Timmy grunted and Jerry felt hot cum fill his ass. He pumped his cock harder in search of his own release. When he came, he shot all over his chest, abs and pubes. Timmy had filled his lover's ass but he remained hard and continued to fuck him. He pushed his cum around in Jerry's ass and some of it escaped and wet the bed. Jerry's rectum was overflowing with cum.

Timmy collapsed on top of his gay friend and then they kissed. He lay on top with all of his weight resting on him. Jerry wrapped his legs around him and he reveled in the feeling of the cock growing soft inside him. They stayed in each other's arms for a long time and no words were spoken. They just held each other, kissed and ran their hands over each other. Timmy's cock softened and slipped out and it felt like a plug had just been pulled from Jerry's ass. Cum ran out onto the bed and he felt the cool air caress his dilated anus. 

"Jerry, I want you to fuck me now"

"Good, I love fucking you."

Timmy got on all fours and handed his lover the lube. Jerry knelt behind and he began to caress the beautiful ass. Jerry put an ample amount in his hands and rubbed it all around. Then he inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing Timmy for his cock. As he sawed his fingers in and out of the anus, he was getting turned on by the thought of burying his cock in the shapely ass. He moved closer to Timmy and lined up the head of his cock with the anal opening and began to ease it into to him. 

The cock head cleared the sphincter and it slid right in without resistance. The ass chute was warm and tight as Jerry went deep into him. He was all the way in and he started a slow fucking motion. Jerry continued to pump the lovely ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as he caressed the smooth round bottom. He picked up the pace and he started pounding Timmy's ass faster and faster. Timmy was moaning with each thrust of cock. Jerry could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed into the receptive ass. 

Jerry fired a barrage of cum in his lover's ass filling it to overflowing. As he continued to fuck, the semen backed up in the rectum and began to ooze out flowing over their balls. Timmy used his talented sphincter to milk the cock and drain it of all his seed. The milking action weakened him and Jerry collapsed on top of the other effeminate body. Timmy flattened out on the bed with Jerry on top and his cock still in the curvy bottom. Jerry rolled off and his hard cock slipped from the sweet ass. Timmy rolled to his back and sighed.
