 I had been curious about sucking cock for years, but I always kept it in the back of my mind. When I was really horny, images of getting down on my knees and worshipping a big, hard cock would spring into my mind. I would fantasize about a hard-on pulsing between my lips and shooting spurts of warm spunk into my mouth – and in particularly horny moments, I would imagine pulling it out of my mouth to shoot ribbons of sticky jism all over my face.

While I had always kept these kind of thoughts in the background, only indulging in them when my sex drive kicked into high and brought them to mind unbidden, a few days ago I thought to myself, "I wonder if I would really like it - maybe I should explore this idea instead of keeping it at arm's length? After all, what if I'm denying myself from something that I might really enjoy?" The question was, how could I figure that out?

I'd read stories about curious guys hooking up online to try sucking an anonymous cock, no strings attached. But the idea left me cold. I wasn't sure that I'd like it and something about pure guy on guy action just didn't do it for me. But the idea of giving a blowjob in almost any other context had me hard and throbbing in a second. Stories of wives or girlfriends encouraging or even teaching their husbands to suck cock for them drove me wild. Stories of guys sucking the big hard-on of a sexy, feminine shemale were super hot. I liked the stories I'd read where girlfriends jerked their guy off all over his own face and had him swallow his freshly spurted load too. I'd come across a few super hot stories where a big breasted wife would tit-fuck her husband until he came all over her globes, and then cajole him into licking all his cum off her beautiful boobs. But the direct, anonymous guy on guy action just didn't do it for me for some reason. And that seemed to be by far the easiest way to try out sucking cock.

So I came up with another idea. I'd seen a strap-on femdom movie online. The idea was hot, although unfortunately the movie was not. But in one scene, the girl had her guy down on his knees sucking her big strap-on dildo. The scene didn't last nearly long enough, but the action was super sexy. "A strap-on, that could be something to try," I thought.

I went online and did some shopping. A week later, my purchase arrived, and I was going to try sucking a cock for the first time. Or at least a rubber one!

I had everything all set up. I picked a night, told all my friends I was busy, didn't jerk off for a week to be extra-horny and let myself fantasize about the night as much as I wanted. I told myself I could cum as many times as I wanted while I tried sucking the dildo. It was all ready to go. And tonight was the night...

I put on my bathrobe for easy access – and to stay warm in the cool apartment. I got out some lube to enhance my jerking off. And I brought out the package for the dildo. The online product description said it was 7.5 inches long. I had picked black instead of the blue or pink, and I was glad I did. It had a full set of balls and a suction cup to attach it to the wall. When I opened the package it looked huge!! Long, and so thick around that my finger and thumb just met went I wrapped my hand around the shaft. I measured it and it was a full 8 inches in length – so much for truth in advertising! It was pleasantly heavy as I gripped it, and pliable while at the same time completely solid. My breath had speeded up and I realized my cock was tenting my robe as soon as I wrapped my hand around this rubber cock. 

I looked at it in my hand and hesitated, "Was I really going to do this? What would people think if they knew?" I took a deep breath and reminded myself that this was for me. Nobody had to know. I just wanted to try. To find out if it would turn me on like the fantasies that kept coming back over and over, or if the reality would leave me cold like the stories of anonymous gay blowjobs did.

In my fantasies I was almost always on my knees. "That sounds like a good place to start," I thought. 

I knelt down on the floor next to my bed, wet the suction cup base – with my tongue – and stuck the big dildo to the wall, putting it right in front of my face. My breathing quickened again. I kept my hand wrapped around the base of the shaft, and brought my face closer to the big dick. I could feel my inhibitions melt away and my tongue reached out and licked the underside of the shaft from where my hand was gripping it to the tip of the cock. I swirled my tongue around the fat head of the cock and felt the heft of the big dick. My tongue went round and round. I closed my eyes and savoured the sensation. 

The image of the big hard-on penetrating my mouth flashed into my mind. I hesitated for a second, the big knob resting on my tongue, took a breath, opened my lips and slid the cock into my mouth. It felt huge!! The thickness of the shaft filling my mouth, the head sliding over my tongue and probing deeper and deeper – it was completely arousing. My cock jumped and throbbed. I pulled my head back, and then bobbed forward again, sucking the hard member into my mouth. My first few strokes were tentative, but the feeling was incredible. I began to bob my head up and down on the fat cock. I took my hand off the shaft and just used my mouth to worship the dildo. I put my hands on the wall and bobbed my head up and down, up and down, up and down. I got a rhythm going. I sucked faster and faster, until I was almost out of breath. 

Then I pulled off the cock and marveled at how empty my mouth felt without it. The dildo drooped under its own weight, and looked beautifully enticing. 

"How do girls deep throat something that big?" I wondered. "Well, I could try it I guess..." 

I took it back into my mouth, and was again surprised how big it felt. I took it as deep as I comfortably could and there was still at least 3.5 inches left out of my mouth. I pulled back and slid my mouth back down on it. Same thing. I remembered reading a story where a girlfriend convinced her boyfriend to suck her strap-on and told him to relax his throat and swallow to get the last few inches down. That didn't turn me on when I read it. 

"Why deep throat it?" I had thought. But now it seemed like a challenge. So I went back down on the cock as far as I could and paused, then I took a breath, pushed down on the big dildo and swallowed. I felt the huge shaft fill my throat, and then the last 3.5 inches of that big, beautiful black dildo disappeared into my mouth!!! I paused with it deep inside me. My eyes watered and a moment of nerves washed over me until I reminded myself I could breathe through my nose. I took a breath and pulled back, sliding the cock almost all the way out of my mouth so I could feel its full length. It felt enormous!! And oh so sexy.....I bore down on it again, got it to the back of my mouth, took a breath and swallowed the entire length again...and again!...and again! I wasn't smooth at it and I had to back off, but it felt amazing. My eyes were watering and my throat felt stretched, but I also felt a huge sense of accomplishment. 

"So that's how they did it!! And that's why they did it; it feels good to do it, great in fact!!!"

I was hooked on sucking the dildo. From there I started to experiment. I bobbed my head up and down. I put my hand back on the shaft and starting jerking it off while I sucked on the upper third. I swirled my tongue around as I sucked. I imagined what it would be like if I could stroke and suck it until it ejaculated in my mouth. I was completely caught up in blowing this big dildo. My hand went to my rock hard cock and started to stroke it – but gently, not wanting to blow my load too fast. 

I remember hearing something in the apartment, but I was too engrossed in what I was doing to think anything about it. An image of shooting my load all over the dildo and then licking all the cum off of it popped into my head. My cock leaped in my hand at the though. I moaned, and moaned again. 

And then I heard another moan. But this one wasn't my own!! My eyes, which had been closed while I savored giving my first blowjob, flew open and I pulled off the dildo to look at the doorway where the sound had come from.

There, standing in the doorway was Suzie, a friend I had met at the gym about a month earlier. Suzie was a voluptuous, captivating, vixen. She had long, wavy brown hair, big brown eyes, full lips and a gorgeous curvy figure, capped with large, heavy breasts. She had her hand down the front of her snug jeans, and was kneading one of her ample boobs through her tight tank top.

I looked over at her like a deer in the headlights, my hand still on the shaft of the rubber cock. 

"What is she doing here?" I thought and then instantly remembered she had asked to borrow a yoga DVD earlier in the week and without thinking I had said, "Sure, come over anytime!" I must have left the door unlocked, how stupid could I be!!!

Suzie's next words caught me completely by surprise. "Don't you dare stop sucking that cock, Mike," she exclaimed in smooth but delightfully commanding tone. "Put it back in your mouth. I want to watch you suck it for me." 

I was momentarily frozen and hesitated, unsure. She walked over to me and said gently but firmly, "I mean now, baby," putting her hand on the back of my head and steering the cock into my mouth. "Mmmm, that's it," she said as the head slid past my lips. "Now suck that big rubber cock." 

I looked up at her and slowly began to suck up and down. Her eyes were filled with lust and her tongue sensuously circled her lips as she peeled off her clothes. Her tank top and bra came off in one smooth pull and her huge, gorgeous breasts bounced into view. My cock, once again hard as a rock, throbbed at the sight and I let out a moan of approval. 

"Mmmm, you like these huh?" she observed, squishing them sensuously together. I let out another moan, my eyes glued to the sight of her fondling their soft flesh. "That's good to know," she smiled.

"Take your hand away, I want you to just use your mouth," as she slid her jeans and underwear down over her hips and off, to stand deliciously naked beside me. I dropped my hands to my thighs and bobbed my head up and down on the dildo. 

Suzie smiled devilishly, "You do that pretty well. I can see you've been practicing." she said with a twinkle in her eye. Her words filled me with lust, and a strange sense of pride. In response, I gave the dildo another few quick sucks and then pulled back so that just the head rested on my tongue. I looked hungrily into Suzie's eyes and swirled my tongue around and around the head. Then I plunged the cock back into my mouth and sluttishly bobbed my head up and down, sliding my tongue along the bottom of my shaft with every stroke.

Suzie was breathing quickly, her right hand stroking between the plump, slippery lips of her pussy. "That's very good," she said, "but now I want to see you take it all the way down like you were doing before." 

I paused again, somehow feeling caught for a second time. Swallowing the entire cock had felt incredibly sexy - but somehow vulnerable and a little shameful at the same time – yet all in a strangely appealing way. 

"C'mon Mike, I know you can do it. Show me!" As if in slow motion, I went down on the dildo until the head was at the back of my mouth. Then I felt Suzie's hand on the back of my head, "That's it, swallow that cock for me," and she pushed me down just as I started to swallow the shaft into my throat. 

It slid the rest of the way in. She held my head down on it for a second, then pulled me back by my hair. Then without waiting, she pushed me all the way back down on that big dildo again. She was basically fucking my face onto the cock, not roughly, but firmly and insistently, and something about it drove me wild!! I starting moaning deeply and I could feel pre-cum running down my cock as it throbbed and pulsed. 

"Mmmm, I see you like that," Suzie grinned. "We're going to have lots of fun together. But by now, I bet you must want to cum!"

She knelt down, her big boobs brushing against my arm as she did. She wrapped her hand around my shaft and gave it a few strokes. 

"Mike, you feel like you're going to burst! Mmmm, and look at all this delicious pre-cum you've got for me," she said, licking her lips. She scooped some up and sensuously coated her nipple with it. "Come here, have a taste of my boobs," she instructed, pulling my mouth from the cock to her nipple. 

"Have a taste of your cocksucking reward." She thrust her breast into my mouth, my tongue circling her nipple, tasting the warm, slippery pre-cum she had put there. I moaned involuntarily. 

"Mmmhmmm, I knew you'd like that," she cooed. "I can't wait to see you lick up your full load," she panted. 

While I worshipped her ample breasts, she scooped the rest of my copious pre-cum from my cock and smeared it all over the head of the dildo. "Lick your cum off the head of that cock for me," she ordered, as she continued to stroke my cock. I couldn't have refused anything at that point. I pulled away from her now cum-free nipple and turned my head back to the dildo. I reached out my tongue and looked into her eyes as I swirled my tongue around and around the cum covered head. 

"Oh yes, you like that don't you." she pronounced, continuing to stroke my hard-on. "Do you want to cum for me?", she asked mischievously. 

I let the cock drop out of my mouth and gasped, "Oh yes, I want to cum. Keep on jerking me."

She smiled, "Take that delicious cock you like so much off the wall and slip it between my breasts." 

I put the dildo in the cleavage between her generous globes and looked into her eyes with a mixture of curiosity, and a little bit of nervousness. "You can cum, as long as you do exactly what I tell you." Suzie explained throatily, "Do we have a deal?" 

"Yes!" I exclaimed, as she increased the pace of her hand on my cock. 

"Mmmm, I guarantee you're going to love this. Stand up." She instructed.

I was standing in front of Suzie. She was kneeling down, cradling her large breasts together around the big black dildo with one arm and jerking me off with the other. She stroked me faster and faster, aiming my cock directly at her cleavage, her boobs jiggling intoxicatingly in time with her strokes. I moaned loudly, my breath coming gasps. 

"That's it, cum for me. Spurt your cum all over my tits!" Suzie encouraged. "Ooooohhhhhh!!!!!" I moaned, my hips thrusting into her stroking hand. "Cum all over my breasts, and this beautiful black dildo – that you love sucking so much!" she added teasingly. 

That did it! "Uuugghhnnhhhh!!!!" I began ejaculating copiously, squirting ribbons of slippery, white spunk. The first shot landed on one breast, the next one Suzie aimed at her other breast, coating her nipple, then she aimed the next three spurts onto the top of the dildo standing out from the top of her cleavage. There was so much cum on the head of it that it turned completely white. 

"Mmmm, beautiful!! Shoot a huge load for me, I want to be coated in your cum." Suzie exclaimed. Cum continued to squirt from my cock and Suzie aimed the rest onto her breasts, covering them in spunk. My ejaculation subsided and Suzie gently slowed her stroking. She looked down at her sperm covered chest and then up into my eyes, which were glazed in pleasure. "Mmmm, Mike I'm covered in cum!...Now get down here and clean up this delicious mess for me." she instructed firmly, as she pulled me to my knees in front of her.

"But.." I started to say. 

"No buts, baby, we have a deal," Suzie insisted. She eased the cum drenched dildo from between her cushy breasts and held it in front of my face, "Lick the head, you sexy little cocksucker," she ordered. 

At those words, my tongue reached out liked it had a mind of its own and was immediately coated with warm, tangy cum. I closed my eyes and lapped at the head. As soon as the head was clean, Suzie thrust the cock into my mouth causing my eyes to fly open in surprise – and my cock to get rock head again. "Mmmmmm," I moaned as Suzie slid the cum covered dildo in and out of my sucking mouth. 

"Oooooohhhhh, you do like that don't you?" She stated, pulling the freshly cleaned rod from between my lips. 

She wrapped her hand around my hard-on, "Fuck, you're turned on!! I believe you like tasting hot cum as much as you like sucking cock – or maybe even more?" she teased. "I'm going to love watching you suck your first real cock for me. Now lick all this cum of my breasts, while I think of what I'm going to do with you next," and she smiled seductively...