 I discovered bareback sex when I was in college. It is one of the greatest experiences that any bottom can have. I am super, extra, demandingly, particular who I will do this with, but when I do bareback with a lover...wow. I am getting chills just thinking about it now. 

I've only done it with three people, all of whom were long term lovers that shared an interest in safe condom free sex. We always got tested before and after we'd done barebacking, and we swore to each other that we were a monogamous couple. The moment either of us strayed from these rules bareback sex was over with.

Now, like I said, I had discovered bareback sex in college. And it was totally by accident, actually. I had been seeing this guy Jack for about two months. I had never thought about bareback sex, I was always safe about sex with men, and secretive. See I was known as being bisexual to some people, one of those people being my girlfriend at the time, Sara. She knew that I had interest in men, she didn't know I was "seeing" Jack. 

Jack knew about Sara, and he was cool with it, he kept things discrete and I appreciated that. Jack was a very sexy man, very seductive and he knew all the right buttons to push on me to do whatever he wanted. He was average height, but swimmers build fit, with broad shoulders, thin torso and very strong legs. I was also average height, but I was and always have been very into weight training so I was much bulkier than Jack, though equally fit. And coming along with Jack's lean swimmers body was a nice, 7 inch thick meaty penis. He had this big, mushroom head that topped off a very veiny shaft. He had large balls, he had always been the joke of his swim team because his balls were so huge they were quite obvious in his speedo. To me, that's sexy, but I digress. Jack cums in very large amounts every time be blows a load. He had a never ending supply. I could fuck or suck Jack three times in one night and his load would still be the same volume. He claims it was because of a high protein diet, I think he's just lucky. 

I would suck Jack every chance I got, not only did his load fill me and satisfy me, it was very tasty, which really is the result of a good diet. And it didn't leave an after taste, which many men's loads can do. This was good for me because I would often blow Jack, swallow his load, then go right to Sara's. Fucked up, I know but I was in college, and I was horny. 

So, back to the bareback by accident...

My friends and I were hosting a party one night. Both Jack and Sara were there, however I was giving all my attention to Sara and Jack was just hanging out. Sara had gotten a phone call from one of her friends who was not at this party but another informing Sara that her roommate was out of control and needed to be collected and brought home. Her roommate was a disaster, and this had happened often. So, Sara left. 

Not but two minutes after Sara was out the door, Jack was right there, seducing me and doing a very fine job. "How long will she be gone?" He asked. 

"I don't know, could be 10 minutes, could be an hour." I said, answering his question and knowing where it was going. 

He thought for a moment, he wanted sex and quite frankly so did I, but this wasn't the time...or. "Where's she going?" He asked.

"The other side of campus. Actually I think off campus." I said. 

"Well, that won't be ten minutes." He said, then leaned in closer and seductively whispered. "I haven't blown a load since you took it two days ago."

And that was all it took. At that point all I could think about was swallowing Jack's cum, it didn't matter who was around, it was happening. So, we snuck off into my bedroom and locked the door. Or so I thought...

Jack jumped me as soon as I turned back to the bed, ripping my clothes off, dropping to his knees and taking my cock into his mouth. He was a very thoughtful lover, and he enjoyed sucking cock just as much a bottom. 

After he got me good and hard and even more turned on, he came back up and we started making out, kissing in hard random, sloppy, tongue trashing ways. I ripped his clothes off and he threw me to the bed, turned me over and began tongue fucking my asshole. I was moaning and groaning, grabbing and biting at the pillow. Good thing the music was so load otherwise, this would be no secret. 

Jack just wanted to throw down and pound the hell out of my ass, and I was all too happy to let him. I was face down ass up with Jack's finger sliding in and out of my hole, getting me loose. He grabbed a condom, poured some lube into my crack and smeared it around until I was well slicked up and ready to fuck. 

I screamed "pound me Jack." As his cock slid balls deep into my anus. I could feel his swollen nut sack bounce off of mine as he thrusted and humped his fat cock up my ass with reckless abandon. 

He began pulling my hips back as his were going forward, I had never been that deeply penetrated by anyone and it only forced my screaming to get louder and louder. In our heated exchange of raw sexuality, he grabbed me and hoisted me from the bed, and pinned me against the closet door. He remained behind me, his cock still buried into my aching, throbbing asshole. He got to his tip toes and drove his cock into my ass like a jackhammer. 

Then the door opened. As it did, Jack thrusted one last time up inside me and that's when I felt it. A warm sensation, now spreading through my insides. Jack fell to my back and we froze. Standing there, with a group of people behind her was Sara, slack jawed and in shock.

"Oh, fuck, it's two dudes banging!" Someone yelled. Jack and I didn't move. Sara came inside and closed the door behind her while people were laughing and jeering, yelling "fags" over and over.

"Are you serious?" Sara asked. "I...I cannot believe this." She said. Now she knew I had an interest in men, and I had made a promise that I'd let her know anytime I had a formal meeting with a man, obviously this was not one of those times and she was quite pissed off. 

Jack was still cumming, I could feel his cock throbbing and more and more cum filled my ass. He began pushing, uncontrollably as his load continued to jet out. Sara cocked her head to the side in amazement. "Is...is he cumming...inside you?" She asked, the tone of total disbelief in her voice.

"Yeah." I moaned lightly. I could hardly think. I didn't care that people saw me getting fucked, all I knew right then was that the most amazing feeling was now spreading through my intestines and I wasn't hating it. 

My cock was still hard as a rock and I could tell I had an orgasm on the verge. Sara in her anger, and probable annoyance with the 'fag' chant still going on outside, grabbed Jack and pushed him to the bed. Along with his cock came about two pints of cum splattering to the floor. The condom had broken, and in our heated exchange neither of us realized until Jack's cum was partially up my ass and partially on the floor. Sara's disgust was evident. 

In any case, I am not sure what was going through her mind. But she looked at Jack, eyes on fire, "get the fuck out." She ordered. 

Jack was clearly terrified and scrambled to get his clothes on. As he did, Sara grabbed me and kissed me. She then grabbed my cock, which was still hard and then unbuttoned her jeans and pulled them down to her knees. "Fuck me." She said. "Fuck me as hard as you fucking can fuck." She ordered. She then turned around, bracing herself on the closet and pushed her ass back towards me. 

I grabbed her hips and just started humping her like I'd been away at war. Jack watched in disgusted shock and opened the door to leave. A roar went up from the crowd outside when they saw Jack leaving and me fucking Sara like a rabbit in heat. "Ain't no fags in here!" She yelled. "Fuck me baby, fuck me!"

She made Jack leave the door open and soon after he left, with all the excitement, and the cum running from my ass down my legs, I was not able to fuck for long. I pulled out and blasted a big thick load all over Sara's behind. I then fell to the bed, Sara showed the crowd her ass then closed the door. We broke up ten minutes later.

Now while I had lost a great girlfriend, and a little bit of my dignity that night, I did gain a very new, very wonderful sexual experience. 

Now it was well known that Jack and I were a couple, and this only made the barebacking world more open and accessable to me. Jack enjoyed blasting a load into me just as much as I enjoyed receiving it. He said the feeling of no condom and the warmth and wetness of my ass far surpassed any feeling he'd ever experienced himself. Plus the warmth of his cum surrounding his cock was equally enjoyable. 

After discussing this for a while, we figured it'd be a good idea to get tested for STDs since after all we had been with a lot of partners and it's just a good, healthy practice to get into. After we got our very clean tests back, we brought barebacking into our relationship on a daily basis. 

I still swallowed Jack's load from time to time, but for the most part his seed was ejaculated up my ass. And the only thing better than getting a big load shot inside me was having a bigger load shot inside me. As huge has Jack's load is on a regular basis, I would find ways to make it even bigger. 

I started by making him wait at least two or threes days after fucking before we'd fuck again. This turned out to be a horrible idea as when the two of us were together we couldn't keep our hands off each other. We'd try to stop from fucking, but that lead to us being just tortured and that's no fun at all. 

So that's when I came up with a plan...we'll only fuck at the end of the day. If we are hanging out during the day, there would be no fucking and no cumming, at least not for him. In short, I would build Jack's load through the day until he had blue ball and would put a King Kong side load all over and inside me. 

I got a lot of blow jobs from Jack. Blowing cock for Jack was a super huge mega turn on. He loved sucking my dick, taking my load, and each time he did, his cock would get hard, therefore increasing his load. Other times I would tease Jack. I'd suck his cock right until he got the verge, just before that point of no return and then stop. 

Then I began fucking him, again right until he was on the verge then stop. He would sit in a chair, I would walk over to him, turn around present my well lubed up ass and sit down on his cock, riding it reverse cowboy style while he moaned and groaned and let me know when that emergency light was about to come on his loins. This plan, while enjoyable was often two enjoyable. I mean once a cock goes in my ass, I don't like stopping until there's cum involved, either mine or his. So often times this plan back fired, literally. 

So we had to come up with a new teaser plan. I was still getting blow jobs, but I wanted to do some sucking as well, I mean why does he get all the fun? That's when I found the newest, and best cum increasing plan. 

When I suck cock, I do so very sloppily. I use a lot of drool, spit and deep throat action to make sure the cock is well lubricated so that one, I can deep throat it, and two so it slides just that more easily into my ass. 

With my blow jobs, by time I am finished, Jack's crotch is covered from his big mushroom head to that spot between his ass and his balls. Sometimes cum if I don't swallow it. 

So I came up with a plan, which I explained to Jack. "Ok, so here's what we are going to do. On Wednesday, we have essentially the same class schedule. So we'll meet up after each class and I am going to give you a blow job hand job combination and throw in a prostate massage. So that's three times I'll get you worked up and on the fourth time we'll repeat this then fuck. Sound good?" I asked in a very manner of fact kind of way. 

"Yup." Jack said with no hesitation. 

So, Wednesday came around and I meet Jack in his dorm room before our first class at noon. He lived in a single room so roommates were not a problem. So I walk in, Jack removes his pants and takes a seat on his futon. I get between his legs, work up the beginnings of some mouth lube and start working his mushroom head. As the pre-cum works it way into the mix it tingles my tongue creating more spit, now I begin to deep throat Jack creating that thick, slimy spit that comes from way back in the throat. 

More and more spit begins to run from my mouth, down Jack's cock shaft into his crotch and circling his balls. His pubic hair, what little he has, starts to get wet and matted down making more of my drool collect between his legs. 

I take a break to rest my jaw since giving four blow jobs in a day takes its toll. As I do, I sit back on my knees and drag my hand from the base of his cock to that spot right under his head, where a lip is created between head and shaft. I take my thumb and pointer finger and circle that area. Then, using the spit I've dragged up, I begin tugging upwards in fast hard movements. My pointer finger is rubbing that sensitive spot right under his head, and Jack is losing it. He's moaning, sighing, groaning and begging for the sweet relief of orgasm. When the spit runs away, I take my hand, drag it down his sloppy spit shined shaft collect more drool at the base and repeat process. 

Now with my other hand I reach down between Jack's thighs rub his balls a little to collect the drool that's been surrounding them and then move towards his anus. Jack slides to the front of the couch giving me direct access to his hole. I take two fingers, my middle and ring finger and slide them up his wet asshole, past the rectum and right to the prostate where I begin rubbing by turning my fingers upwards and scrapping the inside of his ass. 

This lasted ten seconds and Jack sat up suddenly, grabbed my hand. "Stop." He ordered. 

An hour later we met up again and repeated this process. Again Jack ordered me to stop after about 12 seconds this time of prostate massage and sat back in his chair, breathing heavily. "We have to do this two more times?" he asked, nearly pleading. 

"Yup." I said, not waivering and sticking with the plan. "How are your balls feeling?" 

"Like they need to spew." He said as he sat up, groaning a little and getting his pants. 

"Good. Hang in there bro." I said, as I got to my feet and we went off to class. 

Then again, an hour later we repeated the process. By this point, one my jaw was beginning to ache and two Jack's balls had nearly doubled in size. He had to change from jeans to baggy mesh shorts just to feel comfortable. 

By time our last class had ended, the excitement and anticipation of a giant load of cum spreading through my insides was overwhelming me. My own balls had reached the blue ball point, so I had to change the plan slightly. Oh, I blew Jack and jerked him off but this time, instead of the prostate massage, I asked Jack to give me a blow job instead. Knowing his love of giving head, this would be just as effective, plus it would relieve some tension in my nuts. 

Jack took my load, swallowing every drop of what I imagine was quite larger than normal. Then I sat down next to him. Now normally if I blow a load I am done, especially one as big as I had, but on this day, one orgasm was not enough. And seeing Jack there, now clearly uncomfortable and knowing what he had in his balls, I was aroused once again. 

I kissed Jack, tasting my own load, his cock was still glistening from the sloppy blow job I had given and I reached over and touched it, feel it was still slick and lubed. "You ready?" I asked. 

"You have no idea." He replied. 

I spit into my hand and rubbed it all over my asshole. I straddled Jack and lowered myself down, reaching back and grabbing his wet cock at the base and steadied it. I propped myself onto my feet, squatting down like a catcher and putting his mushroom head against the opening of my anus. I sat down, feeling his fat shaft spreading my hole open. Jack groaned in deep heavy pleasure as I rode him up and down, slowly at first. As the friction between us grew I started coming up higher and going down faster and harder, slapping my ass cheeks into his lap. 

He couldn't speak, he couldn't give me a verbal warning. All the oral and hand torture I had given him through the entire day had built up an uncontrollable orgasm. He grabbed me, wrapping his arms around my back, gripping his hands onto my shoulders and held me down. His cock, all 7 thick inches was in my ass. What began as a groan turned into a heavy hard scream of relief as his orgasm let loose. 

"Oh, oh yeah, fuck, Jack, let it out." I said, sighing with pleasure as shot after shot, throb after throb of Jack's dick unleashed a gallon of cum into my asshole. I felt the warmth spreading all through me, my stomach tingled, my legs tingled, I felt so warm and full from the inside out. 

My ass couldn't hold it all, I can't imagine how much there was, but it was leaking and spurting out of my hole and all over Jack and the futon. 

I held my ass as tight as I could while standing up, trying not to let any drip out, I just wanted to feel it moving through me. That was no easy task and much of Jack's cum feel from my open, gapping ass and back onto his lap. He was exhausted, I was shaking from an excellent fuck and I fell next to him on the couch. 

I looked over the area, cum was literally everywhere. On the floor, on the futon, down the inside of my legs, smeared all over my still open asshole and around my balls, all over Jack's cock, lap, and legs, it was intense. It was still coming out of me days later. 

While we never did a full day of blowing, jerking, and prostrating massaging again, we would often tease each other and build up that orgasm for a huge bareback experience. While it was an amazing feeling to feel that much cum going inside me, it was too much for Jack to handle on a regular basis, but I will never forget that day. After I graduated, Jack and I went our separate ways. It was about 3 years later until I had my second bareback experience.