 While I have been married for several years, and enjoyed being with many different women in many wonderful ways, my awakening to sexuality began the way it does with most boys: centerfolds, masturbation, and perpetual horniness.

This was a recurring trend throughout my adolescence. Turns out it had been the same for my next-door neighbor, David. He was 6 months younger and we were one grade apart through school. He was the oldest of a large, Catholic family, and I, an only child.

We played basketball, camped, and chased after girls together while growing up. But the summer before my senior year, my family moved and I attended a college out of state. David still lived in the old neighborhood and was a freshman at the local community college. He was thinking of attending my school the following semester and eventually got hold of me through our parents. He asked if he come up for a visit.

We set the weekend and I arranged to entertain him with the great parties that went on every night, especially on the weekends. It had been so long since I'd seen him. I wanted to introduce him to my girlfriend, but she went to another college and couldn't make it in that weekend. While she and I had been dating for some time, I still was sowing wild oats at school.

David arrived on Friday afternoon, backpack in hand. He looked so different, taller, slender frame, still good-looking, still a babe-magnet. He had dark hair and eyes. I was almost afraid he'd be too much competition for me at the parties with other girls, but didn't consider that thought seriously. We were old friends and I was looking forward to his stay.

We hung out in my apartment until about 9, catching up and sharing some beer. Then it was time to head out for something to eat then hit some parties. We got to my friend's house shortly after 10. It was already going strong. It was great, in fact. We stayed there all night, drinking, smoking, flirting with girls. Each of us even had a couple of make-out, petting sessions with some girls in from another school; all-in-all a good night, by our standards. 

Around 3 in the morning we headed off to my place. We were both tired when we got there and went to the bedroom. I still had the same old twin beds I grew up with and we each had our own bed. We were lying there in the dim room, in our boxers, looking at porno mags and shooting the bull, still buzzing from the partying, but trying to gently come-down and get some sleep. 

Apparently the "feeling-up" we'd each given (and received) with those girls at the party, as well as the pix we each were looking at, somehow combined with what we drank and smoked earlier. I am sure David was as horny as I was. I figured I'd just go to the bathroom if it got too bad and whack off, before I fell asleep. 

But David, I guess not wanting to get any hornier, put down his magazine abruptly, and then sat on the side of his bed. Having some energy he wanted to burn off, he suddenly did a handstand right there in the bedroom. I laughed, but he held his handstand for about a minute, and then righted himself. After a few seconds, he did it again. This time, as I watched him, something strange started to happen. I noticed the very tip of his dick sticking out of the fly of his boxers.

I don't know why, but I couldn't take my eyes off of it. Suddenly, the alcohol, the girls, the magazine began fueling a desire I could feel down in my boxers. And they all focused squarely on what was protruding from David's shorts. 

I stared a few seconds longer. I thought it was actually growing further out of his boxers. Our brief inept encounters as kids ran through my mind. Now, this 20 year old was staring directly at this 19 year old guy's 7-inch cock.

Without even knowing what I was going to do, I sat up on the side of my bed, walked across the floor to this upside-down guy, crouched slightly then slid my wet lips over the head of his dick. I swirled my tongue, slowly slid off and went and sat back down on my bed.

And waited.

David moved back to his feet, righting himself, said nothing, had no reaction, and then after a minute, returned to his handstand.

I was a bit stunned, embarrassed, and even hurt. He could have said something. I was about to say something when I noticed that his dick still stuck out from his boxers, only now it was sticking out quite a bit further than before. So he liked it, I thought.

I went over to my hand-standing friend again, and—again--slid my mouth onto that now-hardening member. Swirling and stroking with my tongue and lips, I remained there a few seconds longer this time, then, retreated to my bed.

And waited.

But not for long this time. David got to his feet, his hard-on sticking out fully from his boxers and walked over to me, sitting beside me on the bed. As he approached I could see his eyes were fixed on my cock, now very hard and poking through my boxers. I said, "Why don't you drop in and say 'hello?'"

He knelt and slid his warm lips over the head of my 6-inch cock. I was delirious. My head was spinning. I was so caught up in the excitement of this strange and wonderful moment. But something told me to not be satisfied with a blowjob. I began to have an out-of-body experience, knowing I wanted this night to be something to remember.

I slid my throbbing cock out of his mouth, then turned of all the lights. We lay down together on the thick carpet in a 69 position and prepared to enjoy each other. I could not believe it when I saw this enormous, beautiful cock inches away from my face. I began to slide my wet, warm mouth up and down the under-side of his hard, sensitive shaft. At the same moment, he took me into his mouth and began to tongue me while lightly massaging my balls. I kept sliding up and down on his shaft, going slowly, enjoying it more than I ever dreamed. I nearly became oblivious to his work on me; I was so turned on by the sensations of pleasing him.

Slowly my wet mouth slid back up to the tip of his cockhead and I allowed his rigid member to part my lips as I began to move down on him, taking him into my mouth. 

It was so wild, feeling David grow harder and hotter in my mouth. I firmly held the base of his dick with one hand while I fucked him with mouth. I moved faster, up and down, his cock sliding back and forth, and though I had never done anything like that before, I could tell I was doing it very well. David was so hot and hard.

Before I knew what was happening, David's cock swelled unimaginably, and his hot cum began shooting into the back of my throat. Shot after shot thrust into my mouth, and before I knew what it was, I swallowed every drop. I was greedy. I kept draining, trying to take all I could get.

David rapidly lost his rigidity, and I now turned my attention back to his work on me. But as his hard-on faded, so did his work on my cock. David slipped off my cock and sat up, still breathing heavily. He got to his feet and walked over to his bed. I sat up, wondering what was going on. Did I not just give him the best blowjob of his life? Where was he going?

"David, man? What's wrong?"

He said nothing, but just grabbed his backpack and headed into the bathroom. Needless to say I was stunned. I sat on the edge off my bed and tried to sort my feelings. I was still horny as hell, but also hurt and confused. Did I gross him out by taking his load? Did he feel differently after he got his rocks off? Damn! What was going on? What was up with David?

I was about to find out.

The bathroom door opened slowly and allowed a little beam of light into the room. Then David stepped into the doorway, silhouetted by the light behind him. He was wearing his sister's school uniform, complete with plaid, pleated skirt, white blouse, and knee socks. Slowly he began walking toward me.

I was stunned. I sat there staring as he approached. He took my hand and brought me to my feet. He reached down and began rubbing my cock, stroking gently, tenderly. Then he actually kissed me! I couldn't believe it. I could still taste his cum in my mouth as he kissed me long and deep. I ran my hands up his thighs and around to his ass. I could feel the cotton panties and as one hand moved around to his crotch, I could also feel his hardening cock.

He turned and pressed his ass against me, sliding the skirt up enough for me to feel his cotton panties rubbing against my hard-on. He then led me by the hand to his bed, turned and kissed me again, then sat me down and straddled me, kneeling on the bed. My bare, hard cock rubbing against his panty-clad rigid-ness was almost too much for me. I nearly shot my load.

David then slid to the floor, between my knees and began to take my cock into his mouth, almost slobbering a pool of saliva onto my near-to-bursting dick. I was in ecstasy. As he pumped me with his wet mouth and tongue, he slid out of his sister's panties. Slowly he pulled his mouth away from me and climbed back onto the bed, straddling me again. With one arm around my neck he kissed me again. I could taste my dick on his tongue. He pulled his mouth away and then held his sister's panties to my face. I could smell pussy as he stuffed them into my waiting mouth.

David then reached down and held my dick firmly, positioning his ass above it. I couldn't believe what was happening. I felt the tip of its head meet the opening of his ass. He had slobbered me up so well I immediately began to glide in. He lowered himself slowly, and then began to very slowly fuck me with his ass. I sat perfectly still, not wanting to hurt him. He was so tight and hot. His rhythms grew a little faster and I took the panties out of my mouth and wrapped them around his huge, hard cock, jacking him off while he gave me a wild ride.

I could hold back no longer and I felt a wave of burning hot cum burst into his ass, lubricating him even more. Explosion after explosion seemed to jet from me like never before until I was spent. We tumbled to the floor, David's panty-wrapped dick still firmly in my hand and still being jacked. I managed to slide my mouth over its head, panties and all, while I fucked him with my fist. He grew harder, still, and saturated the panties in my mouth with his hot cum. Needless to say I strained every drop right through them.

We fell asleep. The next morning David had to unexpectedly return home. We only saw each other a couple of times after that, and never in that way. That was my one and only experience with another man but it has supplied me with countless nights of pleasure as I recall every detail. I hope it has done the same for you.