 Note: this story is completely true, only some of the names have been changed to protect the innocent.

*****

It had been a long week, and it was just Monday. Mom was running late and couldn't drop me off at school, so I had to hitch-hike two miles from her office to my Catholic prep school, where I was a senior. 

Back in 1971 you could still hitch-hike somewhat safely in the San Fernando Valley and you met all kinds of people that way. That day a political reactionary gave me a ride, telling me all about these huge government conspiracies or some dumb thing, but at least he dropped me off right in Ralph's parking lot, so I was able to get to homeroom on time. I hoped the parts for my car would be at work when I got there.

After school, I hitched to my job, back at a gas station near Mom's office. The guy who gave me a ride told me to look in the glove box. There was some porn book there showing some guy with what looked like a two-foot long dick with a woman lowering herself on it. It made me sick. I put it back.

"You hard already?" the driver asked.

"Huh?" I had no clue what he meant.

"Maybe we could get together sometime, I have lots of better books."

"Sure, but I work till ten." The time was right, but I didn't want to hang out with him, I didn't even know him.

"You work every day?"

"Nah, Sundays through Thursdays during school."

"Maybe I'll drop by some time."

"Sure, well here it is." I didn't want him to know I didn't go on duty for another two hours, he might want me to look at that book again. I hopped out as soon as his truck stopped.

My parts hadn't arrived so I couldn't fix my car, and it meant that I was thumbing it for another week. Instead I did my homework until I was due to start, it wasn't long until I graduated, so the homework load wasn't too bad and I got it all done easily. 

Around eight my girlfriend, Ann, drove in and parked in the spot that meant she wanted to make out. Since we weren't very busy, I asked Mark to cover for me for a little while. When I climbed into her car she nearly attacked me as we started kissing and petting. 

After a few minutes of massaging her boobs under her blouse, she started breathing really hard, so I slid my hand into her panties and started finger-fucking her with my middle and ring fingers while I gently rubbed her clit with my thumb. She must have been really horny, because only a couple of minutes of that she started cumming.

"Damn you're good at that!" she gasped when she got control of herself again.

"You taught me how to do it." I was really pleased at her reaction. We had only gone to third base three weeks before and now she came every time we did it-sometimes she came more than once if I let her clit rest for a while afterward.

"Yeah, but you listened." She punched me as she said that.

"Well, I like making you happy."

"Looks like you have quite the boner there. Do you need to jack-off?"

"I'll take care of it when I get home."

"Maybe Friday we'll go all the way." She was looking right into my eyes as she said it. It made my cock get even harder. I wasn't going to be a virgin any more! Well... maybe, she had said things like that before and when it came down to it, she had asked me to wait.

"If that's what you want. I'll get a rubber." I had no idea how I was going to do that, but it was probably my responsibility.

"Don't worry about that, I'll take care of it." How long had she been planning this? And why hadn't I figured it out? Maybe she was serious, but who knew?

At ten I locked up the service station and called in the numbers. Then I walked across the street and stuck out my thumb. Almost immediately a hippy-looking woman pulled over.

"Thanks, I appreciate it!" I jumped in.

"Where you headed?" She was wearing a halter-top with no bra. Maybe she was into free love...

"Canoga Park, Fallbrook and Sherman Way."

"I'm only going to Reseda, but I could drop you off at the freeway."

"That'd be outasight." She turned up the eight-track, and off we went, oh well, Ann and I might be doing it on Friday... It wasn't long until we were at Reseda and the freeway, I thanked her and crossed the street to the onramp.

Again my luck was great, a light yellow 67 Falcon came down the off ramp, right across Reseda, and stopped for me to get in. It was a guy in his early 30s, really old. But that was fine, as long as he didn't want me to look at any gross books.

"Hop in, where ya headed?"

"Down to the Shoup off ramp, if you're going that far."

"Sure, it's right on my way, but I don't know that off ramp, can I get back on?"

"The onramp is about a half mile down Ventura, I'm going down Fallbrook, so I can point it out to you when I get out."

We talked about all sorts of things on the freeway, he found out I was 18, I went to an all boys' high school, I was on the swim team, I lived with my mom and sisters as the only male in the house, where and when I worked, what my hobbies and interests were. He was a really nice guy. Interested in me.

As we got to Topanga Canyon I said, "It's the next off ramp. 

You have to turn right at the bottom."

"Okay." He got off the freeway and turned onto Ventura.

"The second light is Fallbrook, if you drop me off there, the onramp is a couple of blocks past on the left."

"It's been nice talking with you."

"Yeah, I really appreciate the ride, and it was cool talking to you, too."

"Maybe I'll see you hitching again."

"That'd be great!" I meant it.

My luck seemed to run out, I stood at the corner for about 10 minutes and few cars came by, and none even seemed to notice me. Until a light yellow 67 Falcon pulled over, it was my friend that dropped me there!

As I walked up to the door, he leaned over and asked, somewhat nervously, "How'd you like a nice...blowjob?"

I had never had a blowjob, and I was horny from Ann earlier, so I shrugged and said, "Why not?" It never even occurred to me that this was queer sex. ("Gay" had not been coined as a term in those days.) I was going to get a blow job!

When I got in he said, "Is there a place we could go?"

About 3 blocks north of Ventura there was a quiet little street with no lights on it that Ann and I used for our petting sessions. I told him where to turn and pointed out where I liked to park. 

When he stopped the car I didn't have any idea what I should do, so I sat wedged between the passenger door and the bench seat. Good thing he knew what to do. He slid over a little and started undoing my belt and pants.

My cock had been hard since I sat down and his working on my fasteners just made it better. He was delighted.

"You're excited about this!"

"Yeah," I kind of just breathed the answer. All the blood was not in my head, someone was playing around near my cock!

When he started to pull down my pants and briefs (Penny's white), I lifted up so that he could get them out from under my ass and down to my knees. The fresh air felt so great on my throbbing dick. As he bent down to start sucking me, I slid down on the vinyl seat so that he would have more access.

I couldn't believe how good it felt. Up until then, I had only cum from jacking off, and Ann had only handled my penis directly a couple of times, but hands, sheets, and the like were nothing compared to a warm, wet mouth with an expert tongue and good suction. I groaned and leaned my head back on the door. He laughed a little around my prick head and the vibrations made me groan again.

After a few minutes of this, I started feeling guilty for experiencing so much pleasure (that's years of Catholic schooling speaking there.) I've always felt more comfortable giving pleasure. So as he was bobbing up and down on my cock, I started feeling around for his cock so I could rub it in return. As soon as I did, he sat up, leaned back and started undoing his pants. The minute his dick was out, I thought, "What the hell?" and bent over to start sucking him.

I had read a few stories in Payboy and Penthouse, so I already knew some things to do when giving a blowjob, but now it was practice not theory. Fortunately, this guy's cock wasn't really long or thick, it just barely hit the back of my throat when I went all the way down on it. The gag reflex wasn't that bad to get over, I just kind of swallowed as the head got back there. He evidently really liked what I was doing, based on his comments, groans, and writhing hips. This was the best experience in my life up to this point! I loved sucking that dick. It was the most exciting thing I had ever done. I almost started cumming just from his reactions.

After about 5 minutes of this he said, "Where can we go to 69?"

I had no idea what 69 was, but I sat up and told him about a field next to the freeway that didn't have anything around it. So he started the car and drove us, cocks hanging out, over to that field which was just south of Ventura, up a little hill just off Fallbrook. No one ever went up there, it was lost land from building the freeway. I would sometimes park there with Ann too, when we wanted to make-out in the open.

When we got there, before we got out of the car, he put an arm around me and slid his left hand under my shirt to start playing with my nipples. Now I knew why Ann got so horny when I played with her tits. I would never feel guilty again for getting to second, it was better for the girl than the guy! It also started my life-long enjoyment of nipple play.

Then he did something totally gross, he leaned over and kissed me! And he tried to slip his tongue in! Yuck! I'll suck your cock, but keep your nasty mouth away from mine!

He immediately knew that I didn't like that, so he quit and said, "You're not into that. Okay, let's get out and 69 then."

He opened my door, and I kind of rolled out onto my knees (my briefs were wrapped around them so I didn't have much freedom of movement). When I got there I didn't know what to do, so I just knelt there, waiting for him to show me what to do.

I guess he thought I wanted to do something else, because he said, "Oh you want to..." and knelt in front of me, rubbing his cock against mine. When I didn't respond to that, he got the clue that I was just horny and confused, so he told me to lie down there on my side. Then he lay down kind of opposite to me, his head near my dick and his cock near my mouth. I wanted that dick in my mouth again, so I just inhaled it. He then latched onto mine too. This was pretty amazing, I was getting suck a dick while having mine sucked too. The good feelings on my penis added to the great psychological feeling of sucking him. I really started devouring his prick.

I guess I kind of distracted him, his sucking and tonguing definitely slowed down, but he started really fucking my mouth, thrusting really hard, bottoming out in the back of my throat with every shove. This just got me more excited. I was in heaven driving this guy to distraction, so I worked harder, swirling my tongue as he pulled back and sucking him down hard as he pushed forward. 

After just a few more shoves, his cock got thicker and he shoved forward really hard, and then I felt his cum hitting the back of my throat. It caught me completely by surprise and of course, the swallow reflex took over and before I knew it, I swallowed his whole load, except for a couple of drops that I tasted on his way out. How embarrassing to eat cum. I was so afraid that he would think I was a pervert for swallowing his jism that I was just mortified. There wasn't much to taste, but it wasn't bad; however, it did feel a little funny in my mouth. 

He sat up and said, "What did you do with it?"

I lied, "I spit it out." [Just leave me alone, I'm a pervert who eats cum.]

He had to push me, "Where?" [Just let it drop.]

I pointed to the dirt, "There." [What are you, sick? You want to see your spunk?]

"Lie back, I'll suck you off now."

It would have been better if I could have just gone home then. I would have asked for his number and called him the next day. I even said, "That's okay, you don't have to."

But he insisted. He started sucking me, and it felt okay, but I would never have cum without really concentrating on it and really tightening my ass. And when I came, the guilt of 13 years of Catholic schooling and a mother who yelled at me when I seemed too sensual swept over me. I wanted to crawl into a hole and hide. Orgasms were supposed to be in the privacy of my bed or shower... But I did notice that he swallowed every last drop of my cum, so I felt a little less like a perv for swallowing his load.

He wanted to take me home but I didn't want him to know exactly where I lived; however I did let him drive me to within 2 blocks of my house where I could walk home down the storm channels and get into my yard without being seen from the street. All the way to dropping me off he made a bunch of comments about how once a guy has cock, pussy is never good enough again. And that time was on his side for us to do this again. And how I was such a good cock-sucker that I was born queer. It just made me feel sick. I liked girls. I wanted to keep liking girls. I did enjoy sucking him, but I didn't much care for being sucked. I must be really weird.

When I jacked off that night and the next two nights and mornings, I found myself thinking about eating that meat. 

Those were great orgasms, but somewhat disturbing. I also thought about that giant cock I had seen in the book in the weirdo's truck and how it would be to suck that monster. If I could just look at that book again.

On Thursday my friend drove into the gas station, but I sent Mark to pump his gas. I had no desire to see him again. That was the last time I ever saw him. I wasn't queer. Ann turned me on. I sucked a cock, sure, but guys didn't thrill me, no matter how horny it made me to remember how it felt to suck a man's cock...

If it hadn't been for Ann's reaction and the events of the next week, I would never have tried cock again. Thanks, Ann... 

Friday night when Ann and I got together, my guilt got the better of me and I told her about me giving and getting a blowjob. Her reaction blew me away. 

All of a sudden she got hotter than I had ever seen her, she started clawing at my belt buckle and zipper. I, of course, helped her out and before long my pants were down, her panties were off, she swung over on top of me, lowered herself onto my now throbbing cock, and I wasn't a virgin any more. She kept asking me details about how sucking a guy's cock felt and how it felt to have him suck me. I don't know how many times she came, but it was a lot.

After I came and we started calming down she asked me if she could maybe watch me suck off a cock again. At that point, my guilt for cumming in and because of her, plus my terror of her being pregnant (she was so excited we forgot the condom) I just said, "Okay, but I don't know how that's ever going to happen." 

She just smiled and said, "Who knows? You could have a chance really soon now."

***

The next day she came into the gas station as I was getting my car finished (64-1/2 Mustang-the parts finally came in-I wasn't on duty, but it was sure convenient for working). "We're doubling tonight with Sherry." Sherry was a friend of hers who was a well-known prick-tease. She liked to get guys all horny and then put the brakes on, getting off on knowing that they'd be thinking of her as they were jacking off that night. I didn't like Sherry, but I didn't care that much, it wouldn't be me being led on. Besides, jacking off never bothered me anyway. I wondered who the poor chump would be that Sherry would be torturing.

That night I drove over to Ann's house, we took her dad's Merc and then headed out to pick up Sherry, and then her date, Jim. Ann and Sherry went to the girl's Catholic high school in the area, and Jim went to another (competing) boy's school. It seemed weird, but all the girls wanted to do was find a place to "park". 

Both girls got going pretty quickly, and Ann came at least 3 times. I don't know if Sherry came at all, or how many times, but she was really noisy in the back seat, until all of a sudden she screamed, "Ugh! That's so gross!" Evidently Jim had opened his pants and had put her hand on his cock. Whatever, the date was over, Sherry had gotten her victim sufficiently worked up and now she was ready to dump him, boner in hand.

Sherry insisted we drop her off first, and then Ann said, "Why don't you take Jim home in your car, give me a call when you get home." Shit! It was only 9 and I was on the way home.

When we got into my car and started driving away, Jim opened his pants and pulled out his pecker, and started to rub it. I started getting hard again as he did that, and I began wondering what it would be like to suck that cock. It was bigger, both in length and girth than the guy from a week ago. But then I froze when he said, "So where are you going to give me my blowjob?"

"What?" [How did he know what I was thinking?]

"Sherry got me all worked up and I'm not a jack-off. Ann said this would happen and that you'd be okay with finishing me off."

"She what?" Now I knew what the smile last night had been for. I didn't want guy from his high school thinking I was a cock-sucker. Things like that can come back to haunt you. But at the same time I was learning something about myself, boners are like a magnet to me. If I see one, it is almost impossible for me to keep my mouth off it. I would later find that size doesn't much matter to me, either.

"I got a hard-on and someone has to get me off. It was Ann or you, you win." He didn't seem at all pleasant, but that raging dick was calling me-so sucking him would take care of two problems, his anger and my lust.

"Okay, I guess we can park in your school's parking lot and I'll blow you there." It was just around the corner from where he lived and on Saturday night there would be no one there.

I pulled into the lot and over near the baseball diamond. We got out of the car and Jim sat on the end of foot well of the third level, leaning back a bit, his cock pointing straight up. I walked over, grabbed a hold by the base and started working him into my mouth. As I said, he was quite a bit longer than the man a few nights before, so when he hit the back of my throat, there were still about 2 more inches of cock when he hit the back of my throat.

This was before "Deep Throat" was released, and taught everybody that cocks can go down the throats. Additionally, this was only my second BJ, so I had no idea what to do, but I knew that I would want to bottom out if I were in his shoes, so I tried moving around so that there was more room in my mouth. As I did, Jim thrust at the same time that I swallowed, and suddenly his cock head was down my esophagus and my nose was in his pubes. What a rush! I nearly came right there when Jim moaned, "Oh god, no one's ever taken all of me in their mouth." 

I could tell he was in heaven, so I started really working him. As I bobbed up, I would swirl around his shaft with my tongue. When only the head was in, I sucked really hard and tried to drive my tongue into his pee hole. Then I shoved down on him all the way to the bottom. 

With my right hand I started tickling his balls, with my left hand I was playing with his pubes above his dick. It probably only took about three or four thrusts and he started to cum. Jim grabbed my head and held it down on his cock until he was done spurting. Of course, every spurt caused me to swallow, and that motion on his cock head caused his whole body to spasm while he started yelling, "Fuck, fuck, fuck."

I never felt better in my whole life than I did at that point. I just loved sucking dick! There was such a rush causing so much pleasure in someone. I felt all-powerful.

We silently got back in the car, I dropped him off and went home. When I got there, I called Ann, "So I'd be okay finishing him off?"
