 It was another night of not getting laid. I was 18, not totally popular, but enjoying my first couple of weeks out in college. I considered myself BI, but was about 80% interested in women. My name is Jimmy. 

When I say that I consider myself BI, I mostly mean that I have a fondness for looking at a good hard cock. I'd never done anything with another man or actively sought out gay porn, but sometimes I'd get a lucky pop up of some guy stroking. I'd imagine he was doing it right infront of my face.

I had arrived at college a month ago and settled in to my off campus apartment with Andrew. He was 21, mostly stand-offish, but built like a fucking stallion. Even in the few weeks I lived there, I'd noticed multiple condom wrappers and empty lube containers in the trash can. I had an answered a Craigslist ad for an available room as I didn't want to live in the dorms. We'd gotten along ok, but weren't exactly friends. 

Anyway, he was a total alpha male and basically the complete opposite of me. While he was 6'3 and totally ripped, I was 5'7 and thin, with the exception of a little roundness in my ass. As my primary focus at that point in my life was hooking up with chicks, it was a total source of embarrassment. 

After my third attempt at hooking up with a random girl at the party I decided to head home. I had told Andrew that I'd be staying over, but I figured he wouldn't care. I figured he'd either be out or in his room pounding some college pussy. Either way, I was trashed and just wanted to get to bed. 

My thoughts were confirmed as I already heard soft moaning as I entered the stairwell to my apartment. I sighed, climbed the steps, and unlocked the door to our apartment. I walked into the living room and froze immediately. 

Andrew was there on the couch fucking a GUY. Andrew glanced up at me without a care in the world but the dude getting fucked was embarrassed and tried to move out of the way and cover up. During his struggle I noticed that he was totally shaved. 

"What the hell are you doing?" Andrew said in a sarcastic tone as he grabbed the guy's hips and slammed his cock back into his shaved hole. 

"Stop! I don't...ohhhh...want ...oh god...people to know...or watch.."

"Know what? That you're gay? I think you taking a dick in your ass says it all hahaha" Andrew retorted. 

"Hey Jimmy, watch this." he said as he pulled his cock all of the way out of the dude's ass. It was fucking massive, at least 8 inches long and super thick. Without care for to the poor dude's hole, he slammed it all of the way back in. 

Andrew started slamming his dick and out as fast as he could. I couldn't move. I felt out of breath as I watched his hot cock move in and out of the guy's shaved ass. My cock started to grow. 

Moans and grunts filled the room. The bottom seemed like he was in a trance and kept screaming stuff like "yes daddy, fuck my pussy!"

Suddenly Andrew accelerated his thrusting and pushed all of the way into his ass. "YEAH, BITCH, TAKE MY CUM DANIELLE" 

I thought it was weird that he was calling a guy Danielle, but that's something that would be cleared up for me much later. 

Andrew slammed his dick into Danielle a few more times and then brought his still massive cock out of his ass. He gave Danielle a hard slap on the ass and then spread his cheeks. 

"Jimmy, get over here." he ordered me. 

Still in my daze, I walked on over and noticed Danielle's gaping ass full of cum. 

"I'd offer you his ass, but I think you want something more...fag" Andrew snarled as he grabbed my hand and placed it on his still hard cock.

Though he had already cum, his cock was still pulsating in my hand. It was slimy from the recent fucking but that kind of turned me on as I started rubbing it back and forth without thinking. Andrew guided me to the couch and we both sat down, my hand still on his cock.

During this time, the guy I only knew as Danielle started picking up his clothes and trying to scurry away. 

"Did I say you could leave?" Andrew said calmly. "Jimmy watched us, it's only fair you get to watch now. Sit down...on your clothes so that cum leaking out of you doesn't hit my floor."

Danielle quickly obeyed without protest.

Still mesmerised by what was going on and my state of drunkenness, I gasped when Andrew told me "alright enough of this, roomie, get that dick in your mouth. On your knees in front of me.

I was too drunk and horny to give a shit what anyone thought at this point. I dropped to my knees infront of the couch and quickly put my hand back on Andrew's rock solid member. I felt my lips part like it was second nature and started sucking the head.

"Ahhh that's what I'm talking about," Andrew sighed. "Danielle, get this fag's pants and underwear off."

I bristled at being called a fag, but I couldn't really protest with Andrew's pole in my mouth. I moved my body as needed to allow Danielle to take my pants off. While he was doing this, I started licking Andrew's rod up and down and sucking on his beautiful ballsack.

My cock, now free, was leaking precum. I was literally the most horny I'd ever been.i was getting really into it when Andrew gave Danielle another order.

"Get his ass ready for me."

"Yes daddy."

I felt Danielle's hands on my ass cheeks, pulling them apart. Before I could protest I felt his wet tongue enter my hole. This was altogether far too much for me to deal with and I dropped one hand down to my cock.

I had only gotten two strokes off before Danielle grabbed my hand away and said "not until Daddy says so" in a scolding tone.

Andrew chuckled inbetween grunts and said "that's right, Jimmy. No cumming until I say. Focus on MY DICK and not your puny clit."

I felt like I had to stand up for myself a little, but Danielle's tongue went back in my ass and I was back in heaven sucking Andrew's fuckstick. I knew they were prepping me to be fucked. It scared me, but also excited me. I felt more liberated with a cock in my mouth than at any other time in my life.

Suddenly Danielle removed his tongue and replaced it with two fingers. He shoved them in all the way and started curling them, moving them in and out. I felt like a bitch in heat. At the same time, Andrewn took his cock out of my mouth smiled and said "alright slut, time for me to pop your cherry."

To be continued in part 2.