 With Danielle's fingers and mouth off my ass, I knew what was coming. Not being able to cum made me incredibly horny. I was ready for release and wanted Andrew's cock inside of my warm hole. I stared at his dick with a look of lust and got lost of the moment.

I was brought back to reality by Andrew slapping my face with his veiny shaft.

"You ready for this? Ready to get fucked by a real man?" He looked down on me with a smug look while dragging his member across my lips. 

I found myself salivating, wanting it back in my mouth momentarily. I was torn between salvaging a modicum of pride and wanting to just be fucked like a 2 cent whore. The best I could muster was a meek "yes."

"You don't sound like you want it. Remember, you can't come until I do. If you don't change your tone, you'll have to go to bed with your sissy balls filled with cum and I'll just drop another load in Danielle," he said with a mocking sigh.

My dick was ready to burst. The thought of NOT getting fucked began to stress me out. I thought of some lines from porn videos I'd seen, thinking this was probably what he wanted to hear.

"Please fuck me, daddy. I need your huuuuuge cock inside of my pussy. I need it. I want you to come inside me. It's all yours, please."

This was the type of thing I'd seen big titted bimbos say in porn flicks. While they were paid actors, I was literally on my knees infront of Andrew begging him and, at that moment, I meant every...single...word.

He chuckled in response and said "well alright, roomie. Get in your bed, on your back."

He turned to Danielle and said, "get lube and the camera and meet us in there."

I got up, walked to my room, and laid on the bed as commanded. My dick was sticking straight up. This was literally the horniest I'd ever been. I moved my hands down to my cock head, got some precum on my fingers, and licked it, emitting a soft moan in the process.

Unknown to me, Danielle and Andrew had been watching from the doorway. 

"God damn, this slut is ready to be broken in" Andrew said as Danielle opened a bottle of lube. Danielle took hold of Andrew's fuckstick and smeared it all over it.

Andrew walked over to the bed as Danielle moved to a corner to get a video camera. As Danielle bent over, I noticed a butt plug stuffed in his ass that hadn't been there when we were out in the living room. I certainly couldn't judge Danielle for being such a sissy since I was about to get buttfucked. 

I was so overcome with passion and lust. I looked up at Andrew as he got in bed with me and begged him "fuck me hard, big boy." I was totally at a loss for what was coming over me. I imagined my parents hearing and seeing me like this and the shame they'd feel at raising a whore.

I put that thought out of my mind as Andrew put my legs over his shoulder and lined his throbbing, beautiful, love-of-my-life cock up with my tight manpussy. I felt just like a woman losing her virginity.

"You're going to fucking love this. But, not more than I am. Going to break you in. You won't think about chicks ever again."

With that, we were off. I felt Andrew's cockhead press against my hole. It hurt a lot more than I thought, but I bit my lip to power through it. Andrew wasn't exactly slamming his dick in me yet, but he also wasn't giving me much time to accommodate it. Inch by inch, it crept deeper and deeper into my hot hole.

Still biting my lip to stop crying out in pain, I felt his gigantic love sack touch my ass. He was all of the way in. Andrew was shaking with pleasure as he pulled out his cock until just the tip was inside of me. He then slowly drove it back in.

A wave of pleasure rushed over me and I had my first hands free orgasm. My entire body vibrated as I shot the biggest load of my life all over my chest and face. I also let out the most embarrassing moan of all time.

"Hahah God damn" Andrew spoke in triumph. "My turn!"

His pace went from slow to unrelentingly fast. He kept up with the long strokes, using my legs still draped over his shoulders as leverage. Even though I had just cum, I was still incredibly horny and wanting to be fucked. I slowly started to get hard again. 

I reached up to bend and twist my nipples as Andrew continued to fuck me. I matched his groans with moans of pleasure as he moved in and out. It literally felt the best I ever had. Just when I thought it couldn't get better, Andrew changed positions slightly and his man meat started to grind against my prostate. I was seeing stars.

"Ohhhh fuck fuck fuck...fuck me...please harder...faster...please oh God yes...yes...YES...you are the best...mmmmOOOOHHH...I LOVE COCK" I shouted in between rapid breaths. It seemed like no matter what I did I couldn't catch my breath.

I looked up at Andrew's rippled and sweaty body oozing with masculinity and smiled as I had another powerful orgasm. Finally, I felt Andrew's rod tingle a little in my ass and felt enormous globs of semen shooting deep into my ass as he screamed "FUCK YEAH" at the top of his lungs.

He sank into me and kept his cock in my butt for about 5 minutes while he regained his breath. He rose, pulling his dick out of me. My hole felt so empty, like it was missing something that belonged there. 

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Danielle turn off the camera and walk over with a duffle bag and hand it to Andrew.

Andrew took out a butt plug and gently slid it into my gaping hole. I let out another moan and bit my lip.

"No taking this out or touching your dick, ok? Andrew said, gently. "If I catch you touching it, I'll have to put it in a cage."

I didn't know what that meant, but my lust made me not care. I looked at Andrew and nodded.

"Danielle is going to sleep with you just in case. Move over on your side."

Danielle dropped onto the bed, on his side, but with his head facing the other way. He shimmied until his dick was in my face and his was in mine.

Andrew grabbed a pair of handcuffs from the bag and cutter my hand to Danielle's foot so we couldn't move or leave...at least not without falling everywhere. 

The alcohol, sex, and lack of any concern from Danielle kept me calm, even though this was a little more than I asked for. 

Finally, Andrew put headphones on me and turned on an iPod. A woman's voice came on, telling me I was a sissy and was only good for pleasuring men. She also said my cock was useless and should be called a clit.

Andrew gave us both soft smacks on our asses and said he was going to bed. He turned out the light and then stopped.

"Remember, no touching your dicks. I didn't say anything about mouth action, though." He laughed and closed the door.

Danielle and I immediately got to work 69ing as the hypnosis audio kept playing. We came in each others mouths and Danielle fell asleep.

I listened to the audio and drifted off to sleep thinking of cock. Not just Andrew's, but the cocks of my friends, teachers and everyone else's. There was a whole world now open to me and I couldn't wait to conquer it ass first.

To Be Continued in part 3!