 My name is Scott and my best friend Tommy and I, had just turned 18 and both still lived in the same houses that we grew up in. His was on the corner of the street, five houses down from mine. Growing up as a couple of geeky kids, neither of us were, let's say very popular with the ladies. As we began our senior year of high school, our "lady companion" choices were looking even more grim than the previous year.

Tommy and I attended a more affluent high school in the burbs. Not saying that being more upper class automatically makes you more beautiful but for some reason, our school was LOADED with hot young girls. And if there was a sport to be played, most of the guys in the school would be on the team. Go figure, a couple of geeks like us attending a school where the majority of the student body were jocks and cheerleader types.

About a month into the year, we were at Tommy's house and came across his dad's porn collection. We both simultaneously let out a "kewl" expression and immediately grabbed a couple of the random VHS's and headed to the living room. "Damn, I love this shit and my dad's had this secret stash the whole time but he is also gone allot, sooo" tommy jokingly scowled.

The next thing that came from his mouth would set a chain of events in motion that could have quite literally changed our lives.

"Hey Scott, do you watched allot of porn and do you jack off when you watch it" is the question he presented to me. 

What I noticed about the way he asked was that it was a more serious I really want to know, tone. Not a HAHA you play with your dick you loser, tone. Being kind of caught off guard by his question, I blurted out, "NO, I mean YES, I mean NO."

With a puzzled look on his face, he replied "well which one is it?"

Now having had a second to actually let the question sink in and examining the blotched answer, I concluded that my answer would have been the correct one.

"Both of them." After pausing for a second I continued. "No, I have not seen allot of porn, and yes, I do jack off when I do watch it."

"Very kewl, so do I" was all he said in return after which he knelt in front of the TV and put the Tape in the player. 

Returning to the couch we were sitting on, he seemed excited about watching the video. I was also, but I am not normally as animated as he was. As it loaded up, we commented on the boobs, asses and pussies of the girls in the advertisements. Not wanting to miss a single girl, we let the commercials go on. And on they went for what seemed to be forever. None the less, we were having a good time judging them. As strange as I thought it was, even while Tommy and I sit on the same couch laughing and joking, I was feeling the slight sense of arousal from the images that I was seeing on the screen.

"Hell yeah, here we go" he said with excitement as the commercials finally finished and the movie began.

The first scene of the movie began with this hot blond fingering herself. Again, my attention was drawn to the fact that my semi-flaccid penis was enjoying what my eyes were seeing as it started to slowly fill with blood. Tommy was obviously also enjoying what he was seeing as he more frequently changed and shifted his body position.

As the scene continued, the masturbating girl was interrupted by this guy walking in on her. He walked over to her undoing his paints along the way. Once he was bedside, he tugged his massive cock out and offered it to her waiting mouth. For a moment, I noticed that Tommy had stopped shifting so much. I wondered if he stopped because he was now totally hard under the fabric of his Levi's or if the introduction of a guy had an adverse effect and he was losing what was making him so uncomfortable, his erection. One thing was for sure, he was kind of in a trance, totally oblivious to anything around him.

Pulling his cock from her mouth, he spun her around so that she would be face down with her ass in the air. Climbing in behind her, he positioned and then shoved his, what had to be eight inches long and thick cock right to the base. As he began pounding her from behind, my curiosity of why Tommy stopped squirming was answered. Glancing at Tommy, I was surprised to see him caressing and rubbing his cock through his jeans. 

I was feeling a bit strange to be sitting here with another guy rubbing his dick while we sat there watching porn and now I have a throbbing hard-on pressuring the bondage of my own pants. I felt as if I should leave and let him do his thing but with the state of trance he was in, I concluded that the reason for my own rock hard erection was not only from what I was seeing on the screen but more importantly, the pseudo voyeurism that I was partaking in.

Fuck it, I'll hang out. It's not like I "really" have someone sitting next to me. I said to myself. Now with my cock screaming for some attention, I watch Tommy as I start rubbing myself through my jeans. It didn't even phase him, his eyes glued to the screen.

The next scene was with a couple of girls gearing up for some lesbian love. Having only seen photo spreads in my magazine stash, I have never actual seen two girls in action so now I was fixated. Only after a cold, damp feeling caused by a growing wet spot snapped me back to the situation. What I saw, as I glanced at Tommy, was simply awesome. He had undone his Levis and had his bare cock in his hand, stroking it up and down.

I was torn between watching these two smoking hot girls licking each others wet pink pussies or watching this real person sexually pleasuring them self a mere couple of feet away. Tommy's cock was almost as long as mine but significantly thinner, not pencil dick but my cock would be noticeably thicker. I sat there feeling more uncomfortable in my pants as I continued to watch Tommy pound his fist repeatedly on his shaft.

As I turned back to the screen, I couldn't take it anymore. There was a close-up of one of the girls straddling the others face. I reached down and undid my button and zipper, releasing the painful pressure from my hard cock.

Almost simultaneously as soon as I took a good grip of my cock did I hear a slight groan come from next to me on the couch. I looked over and saw that for the first time since the movie started, Tommy was not staring at the screen anymore; he was staring at my cock. I had stopped stroking myself as if I had been caught or something. Without missing a beat he continued fisting his cock as he looked at my eyes and then back to the screen.

With the slight Tommy generated rocking motion of the couch and the girl on the screen mashing her dripping pussy onto the other girls wanting mouth, I once again started to pull at my seven inch tool. This time, it wasn't a groan I had heard but instead an out of the blue question.

Sitting there watching the girls, stroking our cocks, Tommy spoke out. "Have you ever sat on your hand to put it to sleep and then jack off, giving you the feeling that it is someone else's hand?"

"Sure, I guess" I replied. Again not that the situation was weird enough but now I am talking to another guy as we both sit there stroking our dicks.

"Do you want to try it" he says.

"Try what, sit on our hands and put them to sleep?" I said.

He chuckled a little and replied, "no, someone else's hand."

Never before had the thought of another male doing anything to me or me doing anything to another guy ever cross my mind. Not knowing how to react, I told him, "nah, it's all good, I'll have to pass."

"Oh come on, I'm jacking off, your jacking off, we're watching hot chick's eating each other's sloppy cunts. Why not do each other? Just imagine that it is someone else stroking your cock and while you are stroking mine. Come on It'll be fun" he explained. 

Before I could respond, he had already slid his hand to my crotch and took a large handful of my cock in his fist.

Stiffening my body at the sudden assault, I froze not knowing if I should beat his ass for doing this or what. What I did know was that the warm touch of another's hand wrapped around my shaft was unlike anything I had felt before, no matter whose hand it was.

Sensing my stiffness but lack of refusal, he knew I was unknowingly ok with what he was doing. "Relax man and just go with it," he said as he started to slowly pump my cock through his grip.

As his hand worked up its speed until he was completely jacking me off, he knew that I had reached my, "I don't give a shit anymore" attitude. 

At that point he stopped, stood up and said, "let's get these pants off and out of our way." As he said that, he clasped his fingers around his waist band, pushing his pants and boxers to the floor. I didn't give a shit anymore so I also jumped up and quickly shed my pants and boxers.

After pulling my last pant leg off my foot, I looked up. Tommy was pulling his shirt over his head, but more importantly is the fact that I am staring straight at his junk a mere few inches from my face. I oddly paused to study it for a second before straightening up and taking my shirt off.

"Kick ass" he said, "let's get back the video."

With that, I sat back down on the couch with Tommy in short trail. This time, when Tommy sat down, he wasn't at the other end of the couch. No, he was right next to me. His hips were pressed against mine as was his leg to mine. Tommy grabbed his dick and again started to stroke it. I quickly followed suit with my own.

The scene on the video was now of a girl and two guys. She had both of their cocks rubbing together as she attempted to suck them both at the same time. It didn't take long and Tommy had moved his hand under mine and pushed it away, leaving only his hand stroking my shaft. He worked his hand in a way that told me that he jacks off probably as much as I do. Seeing those two guy getting pleasure from a blowjob while their dicks are smashed together gave me a little more confidence. I reached my hand out and slid it down the length of his dick before wrapping my fingers around it.

The someone else's hand theory was actually having the reverse effect on me, what I would call, "the someone else's dick theory." As I slowly slid my hand up and then down, I couldn't help but to notice how different the feeling was. Not really the physical feeling but more of the physiological feeling. I mean it basically felt the same as mine, it had the same soft fleshy skin, the bumps and ridges down the shaft are all familiar to me.

What it didn't have was feeling. I mean I was jacking off, my hand felt it and my cock felt it but my mind was in a confused state as to why my cock wasn't feeling what my hand was doing.

It just wasn't my cock that was receiving the rewards of my handjob. Of course it was his hand pounding away on my cock. It was feeling incredible and only made me want to work harder on him. I began to feel the slick precum starting to ooze from the tip, coating my fingers and his shaft instantly. As with my own cock when I masturbate, the technique changed from a pumping, stroking motion to now a slippery sliding motion.

With the new addition of his natural lubrication, I paid more attention to the nice smooth head, sliding it between my fingers and just massaged it with my fist. His hard wet cock responded to the new sensation by jumping in my hand and giving another large flow of the clear slick fluid. It was also the first time that he vocally acknowledged what was happening as he took in a deep breath and then let it out with a satisfied moan.

It was still a little strange that as of twenty minutes ago, I had never thought about a guy sexually. Now I am sitting here giving him the best handjob I could possible give to myself while he masterfully works my hard dick. I knew that what we were doing would have been called gay, but at that moment I didn't care, it was simply someone else pleasuring my cock. My hand was also very familiar with the feel of a hard cock sliding around its grasp so it wasn't difficult to find my rhythm.

Not that the girls hot juicy pussy being fucked wasn't enough to excite my dick but now one guy is sliding his cock all over the other guys as he searches for the tight hole that is already stuffed with dick, making the visual stimulation even hotter. Both Tommy and I, very much enjoying the physical and visual stimulation, started to squirm around on the couch and moan louder and more frequently. Obviously, not knowing his sexual stamina, I didn't know how close I was to bringing him off. What I did know is that not having control of what was happening to my own cock was getting me dangerously close to blowing what could only be the largest and most powerful orgasm that I would have experienced to that point.

I dropped my hand down to his balls only to find a very tight scrotum indicating his impending release. Returning to his sloppy shaft and head, I watched the two cocks on the screen sliding around the wet quiver that now easily accepted the two large cocks. Unlike any money shot that I had seen before, the two swords that were fighting deep within her hole started to become coated with the hot white sperm that one of the cocks must have deposited deep inside her womb. As both shafts were covered in man jizz, it was unclear which cock, if not both, had exploded inside her.

It became clear as to what happened as one guy pulled his cum covered cock out and with the help of a few strokes, sprayed his own hot cum onto her awaiting asshole. Jet after long jet of his man juice splashed off of her pink bud and ran down into her parted labia and around the slowly deflating dick that was still buried deep inside her sloppy cum filled hole. There was a mixture of cum everywhere, starting from the top of her ass crack to the globs that were dripping from her hard clit and everything in between. This must have been too much for Tommy as he started to uncontrollably buck his hips trying to fuck my hand that encircled it. Within a few seconds of watching this guy blow his load on the screen, I felt Tommy's cock swell followed by the new sensation of a copious amount of hot liquid flooding my fingers and hand. It continued to pulse out load after load in an orgasm I thought would never end. 

As the tip of Tommy's cock fed my hand the last of his deposit, I had to stop due to my own intense orgasm requiring every ounce of energy my body could muster. I was stuck in suspended animation as my balls tightened up ready to explode.

When my cock did finally give up the fight and let go, it ruptured with such intensity the first rope of cum shot powerfully over my head and beyond the couch. The next hit me straight above my eyes, centered on my forehead and right cheek. There must have been five or six more spurts that Tommy caught in his hand as he violently milked my cock. Finally, my cock had given all the hot semen that it could.

With Tommy's jizz coating my hand and mine covering his, we both grabbed our own cum covered cocks, combining the juices and gave ourselves a few last afterglow courtesy strokes while watching the girl clean all of the cum off the two spent dicks with her mouth.

After a minute of sitting there with our withering dicks in our hands, I looked at Tommy and said, "Did that just really happen?"

He blurted out, "hell yeah it did, and it was awesome."

"You got that right, now only if we can get a girl to do it" I said as we started to laugh.

Tommy looked up at the clock and said, "Speaking of girls, we better get cleaned up before my mom comes home."