 Steve sat in the back of the cab and played over how the night had led him to be here, sitting next to another guy, heading back to an unknown apartment on a Friday night. Glancing across at the man next to him, whose face was lit only by the streetlights as they passed under them, he shook his head, amazed at how he'd got here.

The day had started badly. Working in Manchester, he'd had to get the early train up, which was followed by a day of constant meetings and calls. When he'd finally managed to get out, he'd gone to the bar where he was meant to meet his date, the reason why he was in Manchester in the first place, only to find out she had cancelled on him.

Sitting alone in the bar, he couldn't face going back to his own apartment and spending the Friday alone, so he'd found somewhere to grab some food and a drink. Even after taking his time, it was only 9pm, and so, he despondently trudged back to Piccadilly station to catch the train home.

Whether it was subconscious or just random, he found himself not taking his usual route back. In the early days when he wasn't familiar with the city, he'd found that going down Canal Street, where the majority of the city's gay bars were, as the easiest way to navigate to work, and it was on this route that he now found himself wandering down.

Steve didn't consider himself gay. He just didn't find men attractive, and although he watched some gay pornos, it was the act of sex, rather than the actors that would turn him on. He'd found that more and more he would turn to gay sex to turn him on, finding daydreams of being fucked by another guy were hotter than fucking a girl.

Halfway down Canal Street, which was starting to become busy with the Friday night partiers, he came across a guy handing flyers out. Idly he looked over the paper that had been thrust into his hand, and saw that the bar in question was offering two for one cocktail before 11pm. A flash of daring crossed his mind, and he decided to enter the bar and see what it was like. After all, he thought, it's not like anyone would try and hit on me, his dark mood at being stood up earlier still hanging over him.

He managed to find a seat at the bar, and ordered a couple of cocktails. Slowly sipping one, he glanced round the room, finding himself getting lost in people watching. After a while, and well down on his second, he'd turned back to the bar and was messing on his phone, when a voice offered him a drink.

Glancing up, he noticed a guy about his own age, early thirties, with short dark hair and piecing blue eyes looking expectantly back at him.

"Sure!" he replied, not wanting to seem rude, as the guy turned back to barman to order the drinks.

"Phil," the guy said, sticking his hand out in greeting.

"Steve," Steve replied, taking the hand which had a remarkably strong grip.

"You looked like you needed it!" Phil said as he passed the glass to Steve.

"Really, was I looking that bad?" Steve said, genuinely surprised.

"Not really, just, you had that vibe about you," Phil replied, taking a sip form his own drink, "if you want to talk then go ahead."

And so, Steve did, and the more he did he found himself opening up to this stranger, telling him about all kinds of things, starting with being stood up, but then moving onto things about his life, and before he know it they were chatting away. He felt comfortable chatting with Phil, like he was genuinely interested in him.

It was only after the second or third drink he remembered where he was, and that actually he was being chatted up. Part of him wanted to run out there and then, but the other part, maybe made brave by the drink, told him to stay, to enjoy the attention that the guy was lavishing on him.

They continued to talk for ages, the bar now getting fuller and at some point the music was turned up and the dancefloor began to fill. After a little while, when both their drinks were finished, Phil pulled Steve by the hand and shouted to him. 

"Come on, let's dance!"

Steve let himself be pulled along, having a secret enjoyment of dancing, but generally never having the confidence or opportunity to do so.

They made their way onto the dancefloor, surrounded by bodies moving to the beat and slowly started to dance. At first, they were separate, both in their own spaces throwing some shapes. But in time, Steve noticed that Phil was dancing closer to him, moving up against him, until they were almost together, their now sweating bodies pressed together a Phil moved up behind him. 

An R&B song came on, and soon they were moving up and down to the beat, Phil causally wrapping one arm around Steve's waist and pulled him into him, Steve's back pressed firmly against Phil's chest as they danced to the rhythm. Steve could feel Phil's fingers gently rubbing his side as they moved, and he closed his eyes at the gentle caress.

The song ended, and Steve felt himself spun around until they were facing each other, his body still within the circle of Phil's arms. Through the strobing lights, he saw Phil smile, before slowly pulling him closer, and then leaning in for an obvious kiss.

Steve panicked, and managed to get his hand between them and stutter out:

"I'm not gay though." 

Expecting some kind of outburst to this for leading him on, he was surprised at the response he got.

"We label things too much," he heard Phil say, an intense look on his face which was only inches from Steve's. 

"Gay, straight, Bi, to me it doesn't matter. In my mind, at any given time you do what feels right there and then, and just enjoy the moment. We have too many regrets as it is. Now if you say that me kissing you won't feel right, then fine, we can part now and no hard feelings. But, and from what has gone on so far, I'm hoping this is the case, you feel that it's right, move your hand and go with the moment."

For a second, Steve just stood there, computing what Phil had said to him, totally ignorant of all the bodies writhing around to the beat that overpowered all senses, and then he realised.

Slowly, he dropped his hand to his side.

Without another word, Phil closed the gap between then, and gently placed his lips on Steve's in a tender kiss, which became more passionate as he found Steve's mouth open and inviting. Pulling Steve even closer, he darted his tongue in.

For Steve, kissing was more erotic than sex, it felt more sensual, more tangible than the thrusting of sex, and so he gratefully consumed Phil's tongue, his own entwining and exploring the other, like two slippery eels locked in combat. Unconsciously he reached his arms around Phil, fingers and hands running up and down his body, feeling the warmth below.

He slipped his tongue into Phil's mouth, tasting the fruit of the cocktails they'd been drinking, mixed in with a heady taste of masculinity and arousal. All else was lost to him, he surrendered to this kiss, his whole world reduced to the warmth of Phil's mouth, the passion the could feel from the other guy's lips as they continued to embrace.

He felt Phil's hands reach behind him, slipping down to the bottom of his back, before grabbing his ass, one sphere in each hand. For his own part, he slipped his hands under Phil's t-shirt, feeling the warm skin under his fingers for the first time. Both men were sweating down, the moisture allowing him to slide his hands up and down, taking in the stomach muscles all the way up to his arms. As he did, Phil was massaging his ass, squeezing gently in time to their kisses, pulling his lower body forward so that their crotches were grinding up against each other.

In this position they stayed, dancing of a sort, but focused on their kiss. Steve could feel Phil erection through his jeans, matched by his own which was straining to be free. He could feel himself oozing pre-cum already, kissing had that effect on him and he hoped he was having the same effect on Phil.

A sudden jolt brought Steve back to the present, and he shook himself out of the daze to realise the taxi had stopped and Phil was paying the cabbie.

He got out, and followed Phil silently up a flight of stairs, there was nothing to say at this point, and along a corridor. Phil got his keys out, and opened the door. Taking a deep breath, Steve followed him, closing the door behind him, into a nicely decorated apartment room.

Phil didn't turn on any lights, the outside streetlights casting enough illumination to see by, he simply through his jacket onto the sofa, and then turned back to Steve as he walked into the living room.

"Now, where were we?" He said, reaching out with his arms, pulling Steve into him one hand tenderly on each cheek, and their lips met again. Gently they kissed, lips only for a second, before the passion was awakened again and their mouths opened simultaneously and they lost all control. Phil's hands were in Steve's hair now, passionately running his fingers through the hair, messing it up as he entwined in around his fingers.

Steve had now grabbed Phil's ass, fingers squeezing the mounds of flesh, causing him to moan in pleasure into the kiss.

After some time, Phil moved his hands from Steve's head, and slowly, not breaking their lips, he started to unbutton Steve's shirt, a button at a time, slowly revealing his chest, which was heaving from exertion. Gently he helped Steve shrug it off, the material falling to the floor, and Steve felt goose bumps as his naked skin came in contact with the air. 

Slowly, sensually, Phil moved his lips away from Steve's, and gently moved them to his neck, gently nuzzling the soft skin there, causing Steve to shiver with desire. As he did, his hands roamed over Steve's skin, running lightly over his chest, along his stomach, which wasn't as flat as Steve would have liked, but Phil had no problem with.

Trailing his kisses down, he took one nipple in his mouth, tongue gently teasing it to erection, swirling it round and round, before moving to the other. Repeating this process, Steve now constantly making a small humming of pleasure, he trailed his mouth over his upper body, slowly working downwards.

Steve was lost in a world of velvety light touches, his body quivering with ecstasy as each kiss Phil placed on his body. As Phil took each nipple into his mouth, the warmth of which caused gasps of delight from his mouth, and he unconsciously thrust his chest forward, eager to be consumed by Phil, head thrown back with desire, eyes tightly shut.

Such was his arousal, that the minute Phil stopped for a moment, his eyes flew open and glanced down for the reason for it. Whilst he'd had his eyes closed, Phil, still fully clothed, had knelt to the floor, and was busy undoing his belt. Deftly, he undid Steve's trousers, allowing them to fall to the ground, pooling at his feet. Carefully he stepped out of them, kicking them away, leaving himself standing there in nothing but his boxers, begin admired from the floor by a fully clothed guy.

Phil gave him no time to marvel, immediately leaning in, grabbing Steve through the material of his underwear, and slowly caressed him. This caused Steve to grow stiffer, and under Phil's touch found his pleasure growing by the second.

"Yes, that's so good," Steve moaned breathlessly.

Phil leant in, taking the outline of Steve cock, bulging against the material, begging to be free, into his mouth, caressing it with his soft lips through the material.

Steve couldn't wait to feel those lips on him for real, and he told Phil so in between panting breathes.

"Take me in your mouth... I need to feel your lips," he panted.

Not one to disappoint, Phil quickly pulled Steve's boxers down, allowing his modest 5-inch dick to spring free, almost hitting Phil in the face. Steve wasn't ready for it as Phil took his cock into his mouth, the warmth around his cock intensely satisfying. 

"Ahhh... wow," he moaned, as Phil ran his mouth up and down the shaft, slowly, teasingly, before taking it out of his mouth again, and running his hand along the slick shaft, massaging what was becoming a living animal, feeling it stiffen and pulse beneath his fingertips. 

Taking him into his mouth once more, he brushed his tongue along Steve' slit, feeling Steve's hands grip his hair and pull him closer, forcing Phil to take more into his mouth. This he gladly did, easily taking the full length into his mouth, before pulling back. 

Occasionally taking a few tugs with his hand, Phil slowly increased his pace, mouth racing up and down the shaft.

For Steve, he was in heaven. This was the first time he'd been blown off, and beat hands down wanking himself off. Without conscious thought he was bucking his hips forward in time, forcing his full length into Phil's mouth, as the other man slurped and sucked his shaft, tongue like a living thing around his length. He knew he wasn't far off coming, and was about to tell Phil, when without warning he felt the other guy shove a finger into his ass.

This just tipped him over the edge, and barely a second after Phil had entered him with his finger, which was already beginning to swirl around his ass, he felt himself coming stronger than he had ever done. His first blast came when Phil had all his cock in his mouth, and so it blasted the back of his throat. As he pulled back, still coming, the next load came over Phil's face, coating his cheeks and forehead with Steve's cum.

Phil smiled up at Steve through a glazed face, the cum dripping over his eyes as it ran down his face. Reaching up, he took the dripping cum onto his fingers, and slowly licked it off, his eyes never once leaving Steve's, who's chest was heaving with exertion as if he'd run a race.

"Enjoy?" he asked, his own voice hoarse from action, as he stood once more. As he did, he pulled Steve into a kiss, and Steve could taste the salty flavour of his own cum on the other man's lips. Gently, he darted his tongue out, and licked a strand of cum off Phil's cheek, swirling it around in his mouth, marvelling at the eroticness of tasting his own cum.

For a minute more they kissed, and Steve suddenly felt the need to see Phil naked. Breaking their kiss, he gently pulled at the hem of Phil's t-shirt, pulling it up and over the other man's head, and dropping it to the floor. Silently he took in the other man's torso. His arms were tanned, a deep mahogany as if he spent a lot of time outdoors. This faded to a light gold on his upper arms, which were lightly covered in fine hair. His body was the same light colouring, with only a small covering of hair. His stomach, whilst not the rippling six pack you saw in porn, was not overly gone, and Steve could make out definition of muscles, a tight waist pulled his sides in to show he exercised.

All this he took in quickly, before running his hand gently over Phil's chest. For his part, Phil stood there, allowing Steve to explore his body with his hands. Slowly, his hand made its way over Phil's navel, the waistband of the jeans. Quickly, he undid the belt and button, causing the jeans to sag forward. Phil wiggled his body to help Steve pull them down, leaving him standing there in just his boxers. 

Steve looked down, seeing Phil's cock straining to be free of the black material, a bulge that left nothing to Steve's imagination. Without pausing, he put both hands on either side of Phil's waist, and pulled the elasticated boxers down, leaving the other man naked beside him.

Steve had seen other men naked before, it was hard not to when playing team sports, but this was the first time being up close and intimate with one. His eyes were fixed on Phil's cock, similar in length to his own, standing to attention before him. For a moment he hesitated, not yet ready to handle another man's cock, and so stood again. Phil sensed his nervousness, and said, "Let's go somewhere more comfortable," and started to walk down the small hallway off the side of the living room.

Steve meekly followed, eyes taking in the broad back, watching as his muscles moved as he walked. His eyes were drawn downwards, to Phil's ass, two hairless hemispheres of flesh that oscillated as he walked. Steve took in the taut ass, and for a moment felt guilty at looking at someone else's ass, before remembering the situation and realising that actually that was exactly the right thing to do.

They entered another room, Phil's bedroom, and as Steve stepped through the doorway, Phil turned and kissed him deeply, before gently spinning him and pushing him lightly onto the bed. Steve landed on mattress, and looked up to see Phil pulling a condom and lube out of a nearby drawer. Remembering the positions, he's seen in porn, Steve leant forward onto his forearms, sticking his ass into the air at the end of the bed.

This position meant he had to twist to see Phil, who, once he'd put the condom on leant forward, and, with one hand massaging his ass cheeks, gently slipped a finger into his mouth, moistening it before inserting it straight into Steve's tight ass. Just this one finger caused Steve to moan out loud, as Phil gently massaged him from the inside, finger probing and swirling. After a minute, he felt another finger force its way inside, these two digits now going in and out of his ever-widening hole with ever increasing speed.

He could feel himself responding to this, his cock lengthening and hardening again, dangling towards the bed, rocking from side to side in time with Phil's fingers. Phil paused for a moment, took his fingers out and lightly ran his tongue around the edge of Steve's hole, causing him to shiver in delight. Then the fingers were back in, a third now as Phil worked to prepare Steve. For his part, Steve was now thrusting his ass back into Phil's fingers, allowing the full length to enter him.

Steve felt Phil's fingers pull out from him, could feel how his ass was widened, and knew what was coming. Shuffling back to the edge of the bed, he felt Phil's cock rub up and down between his ass cheeks, the warm rod poised to enter him. Gentle Phil grabbed Steve around the waist, and pushed forwards. A sharp pain flared through Steve as Phil's dick pushed at his entry, still tight despite the attention it had received, causing him to cry out.

Pulling back, Phil again gently pushed forward, this time Steve taking in the tip of his cock. Pushing forwards, Phil felt more of his dick slip into Steve, and Steve could feel his insides swelling as Phil's length entered him.

Pulling back, Phil pressed forward again, sliding into Steve more easily this time, more of his length penetrating Steve's ass. This brought another cry form Steve, but this time of pleasure rather than pain as the pressure from Phil's dick pushed against his prostate, getting him harder, his own dick rock hard as it swung from side to side.

Phil pushed forward again, and this time felt his whole length enter Steve's ass, which now had stretched to accommodate the insertion. Slowly, he pulled back, before slamming forward with more power this time, his hips slapping meatily against Steve's ass cheeks. 

For a moment, Steve was happy to stay as he was, ass in the air whilst Phil slammed his cock repeatedly into his ass. By now he was panting with exertion, murmuring and making random sounds of pleasure as he allowed the other man to take him. But soon, it wasn't enough, the pressure that he had first felt wasn't enough, and so timing it with Phil's thrusts, he shoved his ass back against the thrust, feeling like he was taking even more of Phil up his ass. 

His own dick was freely leaking cum now, dripping from his cock, the strands swaying from side to side from the force of Phil's thrusts. Reaching back, Steve took his dick in his hand, and started to wank off in time with Phil's thrusts. Looking over his shoulder, he saw Phil's face screwed up with pleasure, eyes focused on Steve's ass as he thrust forward once more. Catching Phil's eye, he smiled up at the man who was fucking him senseless, who returned the smile, before thrusting forward once more.
