 Steve came to slowly, the sunlight streaming through the curtains bringing him from sleep. Looking around, it took him a minute to remember where he was, and when he did he found himself recalling the previous night and how he found himself, lying naked in another man's bed. Smiling to himself, he stretched out, the cool air causing goose bumps on his bare skin, and looked over to the other side of the bed. All that greeted him was the indentation on the mattress, proof that someone had been there but had risen previously.

Rolling onto his side to get out, the motion causing the warm ache in his ass to grab his attention, he stepped out of the bed. Realising he stood stark naked he looked down over his body, stiff in places where cum had dried to his body and pulled at his skin as he moved. The stickiness of sweat from the night's exertions covered his body, and he decided he needed a shower to clean off.

Not knowing where to go, he exited the bedroom, and started down the hallway. He could hear someone moving around in the kitchen, but instead he found the door to the bathroom and stepped inside. Stepping across to the stand-alone shower, he grabbed a handy towel and placed it nearby, stepping inside the cubicle, where in one corner there was a tiled corner with gels on. 

Turning to the shower, he played with the dials for a moment before getting a lovely stream of warm water, and for a moment, closed his eyes and luxuriated in the feel of the warm water on his body as it ran down. Almost without conscious thought, his mind drifted to last night, the feeling of his first time with a guy. In response to his unconscious thought, his hand drifted down, and he began to play with himself for a moment, before reaching around and slow inserting a finger into his ass. In his mind, his finger became Phil's cock, and he slowly probed in and out, imagining the other guy thrusting into him once more as he had last night.

Phil was preparing breakfast when he heard Steve arise. He was slightly shocked when he didn't come into the kitchen, but he realised why when a moment or two later he heard the sound of the shower being turned on. Smiling to himself, he quickly left what he was doing, and slipped out of his dressing gown, the only item of clothing he currently had on, and made his way to the bathroom. Slipping through the door, he paused as he saw Steve's silhouette through the glass of the shower, fogged through steam, and smiled to himself as he watched Steve toy with his own ass.

Steve was immersed under the warm water from the shower, the running water loud in his ears, and he didn't hear the bathroom door open. Not that he would have paid much attention if he had, lost in the daydream and the attention of his own hand, a second finger had joined the first as his ass widened in response. Neither did he hear the shower door open, but sensed a presence behind him and started to turn, fingers popping out of his ass, but before he did, Phil came up behind him, and pulled him close, not allowing him to turn.

"Morning sexy," he whispered into Steve's ear, as he nuzzled the other man's neck, "you know that you don't have to do that yourself." 

"Hey," Steve replied, closing his eye to the gentle attention of Phil's lips. They stood there, Phil's hands running up and down Steve's arms, caressing them gently as he continued to kiss his neck. Steve had his head tipped back in pleasure, enjoying the feel of the other man's body up tight behind him. Phil's cock was growing hard, and could feel it lengthening up against his ass, slipping and sliding across his cheeks from the moisture of the shower.

Gently, he began to rub his body up and down the other man's, feeling the hard flesh rubbing against his skin as he moved up and down. After a few moments of this, Phil spun him round, so they were facing each other. Steve opened his eyes, squinting through the water than ran down him face and smiled at the other man. Not helping himself, he glanced down between them where both their dicks were pressed up against each other, pressed solid against their bellies, slipping and sliding across each other.

Without speaking, Phil pulled him into a short but passionate kiss, before grabbing the shower gel, and slowly lathering it up. Rubbing his hands together, he began to rub them over Steve's body, fingers massaging the gel into his skin, feeling the muscles tense and contract under his touch. 

He let his fingers take their time, rubbing every inch of skin. Once he had done, steve did the same, gently rubbing over Phil's torso, enjoying the feel of the muscles beneath his fingers. Slowly, he worked his way downwards, fingers tracing over Phil's abs. He knew where his hand was heading, almost of its own accord, and he let it take its course.

He felt the hard flesh beneath his fingers, handling a cock for the first time. It felt like a live thing, pulsing and growing as his fingers gently rubbed the skin. Phil pulled his face to his and kissed him again, their faces entwined, tongues delving deeply into each other's mouths. 

As they did, Steve's hand stayed locked on Phil's cock, could feel the heavy breathing of the other man as he ran him hand up and down the lubricated shaft. Up and down his hand went, slowly at first, the water and gel allowing his hand to fairly slide over the shaft, all the way from the head to the base of his shaft, where a small fuzz of hair resided.

"Faster," Phil moaned into Steve lips, hips pushing forward into his hand. Steve obliged, applying more pressure as he increased the pace up and down, rubbing his fingers lightly over Phil's slit as he reached the top, before starting again. In response to this, their kiss became quicker also, their lips pressed even harder together, abandoning all control as they gave their mouths to each other.

Phil began to tense, his breathing coming in short pants into Steve's mouth, and he knew he was on the edge. Increasing speed once more, he tipped Phil over and the other man came, cum spurting forward to splatter against Steve's stomach and legs, all over his hand, before being washed away by the water cascading over them.

They continued to kiss, the frenzied speed they had reached as Steve had wanked Phil off now replaced by a slower, deeply control kiss, lips gently massaging each other's, tongues darting around each other like two dancing eels. 

"Now to sort you out," Phil smiled, as he started to become hard again. Steve thought he was about to return the favour, his own cock rock hard and in need of attention, but instead, Phil turned him back around, pushing him up against the glass wall. Realising he was referring to earlier when he had been toying with himself, he widened his legs, and steadied himself with a hand pushed against the glass. Phil then helped him, hand under one leg and ensuring he didn't fall over, lifted it up so it was resting on the tiled corner unit. 

Shuffling to get comfy, Steve now stood with his ass raised, and with his body slanting backwards, looked over his should to Phil, as the other man, body covered with water, skin glistening in the low bathroom light, reached forward and inserted his own finger into Steve's ass, index finger reaching all the way in, swirling it round.

"Ahh," Steve moaned as a second finger joined the first.

"You're so open," Phil growled, "almost like you're know what's coming." 

"God yes," Steve replied, forcing his ass backwards onto Phil's fingers, "fuck me like you did last night." As he said this, he couldn't believe these words came out of his mouth, but had no time to think further, as Phil pulled out his fingers, and, lining himself up, gently pushed forward.

Phil was right, his ass seemed to accept the invasion much more readily than it had last night, and Phil entered him more fully. Puling back, water dripping onto his cock, he pushed gently forward again, his whole length now buried in Steve ass, who was pushing back in response.

Having such an inexperienced ass in front of him, his to enjoy, got Phil harder, and he thrust forward more forcefully, both hands around Steve's waist to steady himself.

"Yes, like that," Steve cried, and Phil smiled to himself as he thought how readily Steve had embraced being with another man. He felt a growl escape his own lips as he thrust forward again, forcing Steve up against the glass, where anyone looking from the outside would see the bare flesh pressed up against the steamy glass, with cries of pleasure echoing around the bathroom.

With one hand steadying himself, Steve reached down and grabbed his own swinging cock, rubbing his fingers up and down, pleasuring himself as Phil pumped his length in and out continuously. Matching the pace, he wanked off in time to each thrust, up as Phil pulled out and down as Phil thrust bodily into his ass.

Before long he felt himself building to climax. Not wanting to come first, he managed to pant out in between thrusts:

"I'm nearly coming,"

"Me too," Phil replied hoarsely, "hold on."

For another couple of thrusts, they continued in time, before Steve could hold it no more.

"Arghh," he cried, as he felt his seed pulsing up and out of his cock, the first strand spurting over the glass wall, subsequent ones pulsing gently over his fist.

Seeing Steve come was too much for Phil as well, and with one final thrust, came too. As he spurted, he left his shaft buried inside of Steve, feeling the cum fill the other's ass. Eventually he stopped, and slowly pulled out with an audible plop, pulling cum and ass juice out as he did, the sticky liquid dripping in strands slowly from Steve's ass, coating the back of his legs.

Bringing his leg down, suddenly weak kneed, Steve stood resting against the wall. His chest heaving with exertion, he saw Phil was the same. Reaching down behind him, he felt his stretched ass dripping with seed, the liquid washing away as his fingers traced the outline of his asshole.

"You tidy up," Phil said, stepping out of the shower, grabbing a towelled dressing gown from a peg, "I'll go and finish breakfast, you must be starving now!"

With that, he left the bathroom, leaving Steve alone in the shower, marvelling again at what he'd allowed the other man to do with his body.