 I thought I should step back and share the story that, more than anything, made me who I am today. If you have read my story, A Hot Hotel Room, then this is a sort of sequel to that. If not, you should, (shameless plug...I know) but it's not really that necessary for enjoying this one. That was a story about my first homosexual experience. This is the story of me realizing my absolute love of cock and total acceptance of the fact.

I had recently moved for a new job. It was typical office work in the IT department for a smallish company. It was quite a long ways from where I had grown up but the pay was great, and it gave me a chance to get out and experience new things, new places, and meet new people.

I never really had a problem with making friends, and it wasn't long before I made one with a guy named Nick that worked a few cubicles away from me on the company's website design team. We were the same age and found after eating a few lunches together that we had a lot in common. He was about an inch taller than me (I'm 5'7''), rather thin, and really cute with light brown, short hair. I say cute at this point simply because he was really funny with a great attitude and very likable. Everyone loved him. He was also pretty damn easy on the eyes.

I was becoming more and more attracted to him but was also very confused in what way. It had only been a matter of weeks since my very first time having sex with another man, and I was still trying to wrap my head around it. I had tried to convince myself that it was just that Nick was a really great guy. He hadn't shown me any signs that he was interested in me that way or with other men in general but that didn't stop me from beginning to frequently masturbate to the thought of me sucking his cock until he spilled his load into my mouth and me swallowing it all. That, of course, led me to feeling slightly ashamed of myself afterwards with my own jizz dripping down my stomach—any gay or bi-sexual person that grew up in a very religious household probably knows what I'm talking about. It's hard to beat years of programming.

It became an almost nightly ritual after one day going to the bathroom and having Nick come in and take the urinal next to me. I wanted to get a glimpse of his cock so bad that I all but involuntarily looked down at his prick while he pissed and took a good look. It wasn't huge but it wasn't small either and was circumcised with a sexy, slightly round head. It looked so good that my own began to tingle a little, and I swear that he even gave it a few strokes while I was looking—but that might have been my overactive imagination.

Either way, I quickly looked forward, finished my business, and that night fucked my ass relentlessly with the larger-than-expected dildo I had just got online, imagining it was Nick. I ended up shooting a gigantic load. scooped it up to eat it, and again felt a little ashamed myself afterwards.

I tried and tried to push those thoughts out of my mind and not act completely weird around him whenever we talked, so I did the best I could to contain myself when Nick proposed an idea to me after eating lunch together about a week later.

"You have any plans this weekend?" he asked.

"Nope."

"How would you feel about going on a short canoe trip with me and a couple friends of mine?"

"I don't know... Maybe," I replied, trying to stay cool. 

"It'll be on a small river not too far from here and just two nights camping. It was going to be just the three of us with me paddling a canoe by myself and my friends in another. I thought I might see if you are interested in joining us."

"What the hell, why not? Sounds like fun!" I said a little over anxiously and losing the cool vibe I was trying to present.

"Great!" Nick replied, not noticing it. "We're meeting at my place on Saturday morning and heading to the river from there. I'll give you my address and stuff after work. It should be a lot of fun."

We went back to our cubicles, and I tried to suppress the imaginings that were making my dick hard. I did my best to rationalize things: It was Labor Day weekend, I had nothing to do, I did love canoeing, and it was a great chance to get to know Nick better outside of work as well as possibly making some new friends. There was no reason to think that any sexual escapades would occur in any way. At least, that's what I tried to tell myself as my penis got stiffer.

Saturday morning came up and I headed to Nick's place. When I arrived his two friends were already there and Nick was loading his stuff into their SUV. I was certainly impressed. They were both very good looking, and wearing only T-shirts and shorts, it was easy to see that they were also in great shape.

I took a deep breath, told my wandering imagination to shut the hell up, and got out of my car.

Nick introduced us, and I shook each of their hands. One was named Adam. He had shoulder length, black hair, and was probably somewhere close to six feet tall. The other one looked like an absolute stud. He had to have been about 6'3'' or so, big chested with bowling ball shoulders, and long, dirty blonde hair that he kept in a ponytail high on his head. They were both remarkably good looking.

"My name's Ford," he said as his huge hand nearly crushed mine. "They call me that because I'm a fucking truck."

I looked at him googly eyed as he nearly picked me up off the ground and started to wonder if I had made a terrible mistake.

He let me go just before I started to audibly whimper. "Nah, just messing with ya. My dad is actually the biggest Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy fan you'll ever meet. There's a character in it named Ford Prefect that he loves and insisted that I be named after him—apparently mom didn't really care." 

What a relief! I thought I was going to be stuck with some dipshit, stud-muffin for the next two days. "Really? I love those books! I've read the whole series a few times, actually."

"I fucking hate them," he replied with a steely gaze.

"Oh..." My face made the perfect model of chagrin.

"Just playing again," he then laughed. "I really like them, too. What's your favorite line?"

"That's a tough one... I always liked 'The knack to flying is to learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss' but there's a bunch I love." 

"That is a good one," Ford replied. "I love just about everything Zaphod Beeblebrox says. I really liked the movie, too."

"So did I! Sam Rockwell played him perfectly."

"I thought the same thing."

We both laughed, and I realized I was already falling in love with the guy.

Nick told us to break it up and that we didn't have all day. He then helped me get my gear out of my car and into their vehicle. I didn't bring much: the swim trunks I was wearing, two pairs of shorts for changing into something dry later, a couple of T-shirts, an extra pair of socks, jeans and a sweatshirt just in case, my sleeping bag wrapped in a garbage bag to keep from getting wet, the brand-new tent I had just bought, some food, my camera, and a twelve pack of hard cider in cans. I was probably a little over prepared, but it had been a few years since I had last gone canoeing.

Nick and I had already agreed to share a cooler, so I put everything I needed kept cold into his. We put that and everything else that we were bringing into the SUV and then got in with Adam taking shotgun, Ford driving, and Nick and I taking the backseats.

"Everybody know where their towel is?" asked Ford, and I nearly shot the water I was drinking out of my nose.

We drove for a few hours and made a stop for a much needed bathroom break and chance to stretch our legs. We were going through a very small town and pulled into its equally small gas station. It was one of those mom and pop's places that barely exist anymore, and I knew from the look of it that we were definitely leaving civilization.

Everyone took care of their business, got something to drink for the road, and got back in the vehicle. Except for Adam. We waited for him to come out, and when he did, he was carrying a small box with him.

"I got some doughnuts for everybody," he said, getting in.

I was really beginning to like Adam, as well. He just seemed like such a genuinely great person that thought about others as much as himself.

"I got a variety, but I think they're mostly jelly or cream filled," he said as he passed the box around."

I was handed the box first. "This looks kinda like a Krispy Kreme."

"Oh, I love those!" exclaimed Adam.

"Then here you go," I said and gave him that one.

"Not bad," he replied with his lips glazed with frosting.

I took what was something similar looking to a cheese danish and bit into it—it was not great. I don't know exactly what was off about it—maybe the people working there simply had no idea how to make donuts. I didn't really care, though. I realized that with all my anxiety about coming on this trip, I hadn't eaten anything for breakfast and was starving. I just ate the thing, knowing it was better than nothing.

Nick was the first to say something. "I don't know about this thing. I'm not really that hungry anyway."

His was a powdered sugar covered, pastry, type of thing, that wasn't really a doughnut given it didn't have a hole in it. He took a bite of it, and it essentially exploded on him, covering the entire thing with fruit like jelly.

"Here, give it to me," I said. I figured the jelly would at least help me with my low blood sugar, so I took it and licked all of it off and put the doughy part back in the box.

"I'm not that sure about this, either," Adam commented and turned back to me. "You want it?"

"Yeah, I'll try it. I'm starving!"

Adam handed me back a small, chocolate, eclair. I didn't think it looked that bad, so I put the whole thing in my mouth and bit down. It wasn't bad at all. The cream filling shot in my mouth and I swallowed all of it down in a couple of gulps.

"Go ahead and have this, too," Ford then said holding up a traditional jelly doughnut.

I was pretty full by that point but again figured a good dose of sugar would help my cause, so I just squeezed it, causing the syrupy filling to fill the hole in the middle, and licked and sucked it out. They teased me a little about eating so much sugar, but I was just happy to have something down the hatch and felt a lot better with a few calories in my system.

We had been going back down the road for a little while, listening to music, and not saying much when Adam leaned back and said: "So, Nick told us you just moved here not too long ago."

"Yeah, I've only been here over month now."

"That must have been a little scary."

"I guess so. I'm just glad I had someone I can get along with like Nick working in the same office as me. It's made things a lot easier."

"Well, Nick is awesome. We've known him for a long time—Ford was his college roommate."

"Ah, shucks," Nick said sarcastically.

"Oh, don't act like you don't think you're the coolest guy in the world," Adam said with a smile.

"What do you guys do for a living?" I then asked.

"We both work at the same restaurant. Ford cooks, and I'm a server."

"I pitch it, and he catches it," Ford piped in with a chuckle.

"Hey! I'll pitch it anytime you want," Adam said as he sat back forward in his seat.

I had a growing suspicion since we were at Nick's that the two of them might be a couple. It was the subtle things in the way they acted with each other. Nothing obvious, but it seemed like they were a little more than just friends. Adam saying "We've" when referring to themselves about how long they had known Nick definitely stuck out a bit, and after that last comment my curiosity was more than a little piqued. Not that it mattered. I had to just let it go. I certainly wasn't going to blurt out: "So, you guys gay or what?" or especially say what was really going through my mind: "Any chance on a three-way, later?"

We reached the small gas station, slash-convenience store, slash-bait shop, slash-I don't know what, after driving for about another hour and were greeted by a somewhat elderly and very grumpy man. 

"Take two canoes and put them on the trailer," he barked at us. "I'll be out in a second."

"Do we pay now?" Nick regretfully asked.

"No!" He all but howled. "You pay when you get picked up and brought back. That way I can charge you for anything you fuck up!"

"Okay..." Nick agreed, and we did as we were told.

We got all of our gear into the van that was connected to the trailer and waited. The old-timer finally came out and strapped the canoes in place and told us to get in.

"Anyone else coming?" asked Ford.

"No! Too damned hot out! Now get in!"

Did I mention that it was hot? I mean "Uff da!" (to use a parlance of my home region) it it was hot out! The large, round thermometer hanging outside on the wall of the place said 101°. It was one of those late summer heat waves and to be honest, it didn't bother me at all. Growing up in Wisconsin I had learned to love super hot weather. When you spend that many months of the year freezing your ass off, you start to pray for 101°.

It was thankfully a short trip to the river landing, and we all piled out as soon as the van stopped, gasping for air. After a quick dialogue with the old guy, unloading the canoes, and getting all of our stuff into them, we were finally paddling downstream.

Nick had told me to take the back of our canoe, and Ford was in the back of theirs. We came alongside of each other, cracked open our beverages of choice, and made a toast.

"Here's to a great trip!" said Ford.

"To a great trip!" The rest of us joined in and took several much needed gulps.

We floated for a few hours not worrying about staying together or doing much more than just steering, and I took more than a few pictures. The river was amazing! It was so unbelievably beautiful. Only canoes were allowed on it because it never got more than eight or nine feet deep. In most places it was only a couple. It wound like a snake, slithering through a dense woods that covered it on both sides and the water was so clear that you could see straight down to the sandy bottom. The whole scene was just incredible and made you feel like you were a million miles from anywhere.

Nick and I took our canoe around a sharp bend and found Adam and Ford standing next to their canoe on the bank and shouting for us to stop. We pulled up next to theirs, and they suggested that we take a quick swim. The heat was almost oppressive at that point and sounded like a great idea. The spot was a small pool created by the turn in the river and seemed like a perfect place for a quick dip.

"You know, I don't think there is another soul on this entire river," commented Ford as we got out of our canoe. "Fuck it! I'm skinny dipping!" he then added.

"That's a great idea!" exclaimed Adam.

Nick looked at me questioningly. "Sounds fucking good to me," I said.

"Hell yeah!" he replied, and with all of us being down to only our shorts, we simply dropped them and ran into the cool water.

It felt so good. It was a much needed cool down and after dunking ourselves underwater and washing the sweat away, we all played around in the clear water, talking about how spectacular the river was. It wasn't long before I had had enough and decided to get out. It's not that I didn't enjoy skinny-dipping as much as it was that I am not a big fan of swimming in rivers or lakes or anything that isn't a swimming pool. It may have something to do with me swimming in a river when I was a kid and having something very large run into me with no idea what it was. The thought of having what was essentially a dangling lure between my legs also didn't help.

I didn't get completely out, although. Instead, I went towards the bank and sat down on the sandy bottom with the water covering me up to my belly button. I just sat there enjoying the feeling of being naked, half submerged, and cooling off as well as the view of three, also nude, hot men swimming in water that was clear enough to let me see just about everything.

"Down boy!" I mentally said to my cock as he decided on his own to come up and take a look for himself.

Things only got worse when Ford said that he was also done and started making his way towards me. Everything went into slow-motion, and it looked like a scene out of a movie as he came out of the water. I tried as hard as I could to not look at his bare crotch. I turned my head back and forth so many times to keep from staring at it that I must have looked like a dog trying to follow a tennis match. To make things even more difficult, he came up to where I was sitting and just stood right next to me.

What was I supposed to do at that point? No matter how conflicted I was feeling, there are few chances in one's life where you have an absolute gorgeous specimen of a man standing completely naked next to you. There was only one answer—use my peripherals.

And use them I did. Ford was standing in the perfect position that allowed me to use only the slightest turn of my head to easily see his cock and balls, and what a sight they were! He had an absolutely beautiful dick. It was large even limp. I couldn't have told you how big it was erect at that point, but I guessed it had to be eight or nine inches. It was circumcised with a large, pointed head, and wow, it looked thick! The sight of it made my mouth almost hit the river bottom. Time seemed to stand still as I watched beads of water drip from his manicured bush down to his shaved balls.

Of course in reality, observing all of it took less time than me telling you about it. Ford had actually only stood there for a few seconds before turning to me and asking: "Having fun?"

I turned my head to find his cock staring me right in the face. It was so close I'm surprised my nose didn't brush against it. I quickly looked up and made a concentrated effort to look him in the eyes. "Oh, yeah! I'm having a blast!"

He said a couple more things to me I can't remember. All I could think about was the fact that all I had to do was lean forward a few inches, open up, and that scrumptious looking hunk of penis would've been in my mouth. Luckily for me, he then turned again and suggested to the other guys that we should probably get going—I was almost completely erect.

Ford headed back towards their canoe, and I jumped out of the water and went a little ways into the brush, saying I had to piss, but really just wanted to get out of there before everyone saw that I had a pretty substantial boner. When I got there, and softened up some, I found I really did have to go which helped with my ruse.

I went back to our canoe and found Nick standing next to it and again had to make a concentrated effort to look a sexy, naked man directly in the eyes. 

"Ready to go?" he asked.

"Most definitely!"

We were just about to put our trunks back on when Adam suggested that we should all just stay naked.

"No shit!" added Ford, "There's nobody around for miles."

"What'da think?" Nick asked me.

"Why not?" I answered, thinking it sound like fun to me.

There was one slight drawback to it I found out quit quickly—although, drawback is probably not the right word given how much I enjoyed it. It was that as we continued paddling down the river I had no choice but to look at Nick's naked body. Especially his sexy ass.

I had often wondered how I would feel about topping if ever given the chance. I knew I was definitely more of a bottom given how much I loved having that first cock, or almost anything else, up my butt, but I wasn't sure if I would find other guys asses all that appealing. After an hour, or so, of staring at most of Nick's bare crack, I started to get my answer. All I wanted was to see more and daydreamed about playing with it.
