 I'm now considered a Senior Citizen, having reached my 65th birthday last September. I now draw Social Security, but that is not quite enough to live on, so I supplement my SS with a part time job, delivering drugs for a local pharmacy. As a rule I work from about 3 PM to 9 PM about 4 days a week, which usually nets me about $180 a week after taxes.

It was starting to look like a gorgeous spring day this April morning. I had awaken, made some coffee, put on my robe to cover my naked body, and was enjoying my first cup, sitting on my front porch. I was noticing that the grass on my lawn was going to need attention soon, then it dawned on me, that the man who had cut it last season, had moved out of the area and I was going to need to find somebody new.

I was just finishing my first cup, when quite a handsome, light skinned, young black man came to my gate. I motioned him to enter the yard and he cautiously looked around, and gingerly entered.

"I wasn't sure," he said, "that you might not have a big guard dog."

"No guard dog," I smiled, "how can I help you?"

"I noticed, sir, that your grass needed cutting, and I'm trying to make a few bucks."

"Young man, you just hit on something I was just thinking about. How about a cup of coffee?"

"I don't often drink coffee, but it sounds good."

"Come on into the kitchen, and we can talk." 

He followed me through the sitting room and into the kitchen. I pulled another mug out of the cupboard and poured him and myself a cup. I grabbed creamer out of the fridge, setting it between us. He scooped 4 heaping teaspoons of sugar into his mug, causing my mouth to fall open.

"You like a little coffee in your sugar?" I remarked.

He smirked a bit, "I do like it sweet, sir."

This young man was driving me crazy. He was a cut or three above most of the young black dudes I had encountered. He had a conventional, neatly trimmed hair cut, seemingly clean T-shirt that actually fit him, tucked inside his slim fit jeans, with a belt that was around his waist, rather than his hips. He was almost super-polite. I had all I could do to resist the urge to grab him and hug him.

"Okay," I said, "enough of this sir crap, I'm not royalty, my name is Doug, and you are?"

"Dewain Jovan Jackson," he said, "but I go by DJ."

"That's a mouthful," I replied, "How old are you, DJ?"

"Nineteen sir—I mean, Doug."

I had noticed his eyes shifted down, periodically toward my crotch area, and then realized my robe had parted, exposing my half-hard cock. He never said anything, but I adjusted my robe to cover myself. I was relieved to know he wasn't jail bait. I have never, in my 65 years, had a black man cause me to want him, like I wanted DJ.

"Do you have proper equipment for cutting and trimming, or would you need to use mine?"

"I would need to use yours." DJ answered. "I live in the projects, and, even if I had equipment, I would have no place to keep it."

"That's ok DJ. Tell me about your family."

"Well," hanging his head, "Papa got mixed up with drugs, and he's in prison, Mama works part time at Wal-Mart, and I have a sister that's 13 and a little brother that's 10. Things are pretty rough, financially. Come fall, I want to go to the Community College, but I also need to help with groceries. That's why I'm trying to earn a little money."

"DJ, you've got a lot of weight on your shoulders, for such a young man. I'm not well heeled, but I will help you all I can, if you wish. I can't have you do the lawn today, as I have some business to attend to, and I have to work today. But I'm free all day tomorrow, will that work?"

"It sure will, what time do you want me here?"

"Whenever you want to start. I hope you have something more like work clothes. Those look a little too nice for cutting grass."

"I do," he answered, "ok if I ride my bike here in the morning?"

"Why not? It'll be best to come to the back door when you get here. I'll have the coffee ready, and maybe something to go with it." Then, "DJ, how much you going to charge me for mowing and weed eating?"

"Is $25 too much?

"I think $40 is more appropriate," I said, "plus whatever you eat."

"Great!" he exclaimed, and smiled the most genuine smile I had ever seen on his face. "I should be here about 9, if that's ok."

Once again, I'm fighting the urge to hug him.

"That'll be fine, DJ, see you then."

DJ literally bounced down the sidewalk, through the gate, closing it behind him, and down the street. Little does DJ know what he is doing to me, or maybe, what I'm doing to myself. I was still standing by the front door and saw DJ riding his bike past my house, in the other direction, out of the neighborhood. 

On my way to the pharmacy, I stopped at a little German bakery. I have no way of knowing what DJ likes best, so I got two apple and two cherry strudels to have with our coffee in the morning. For some strange reason, I suddenly felt 35 years old instead of 65. I wish I could get DJ off my mind!

* * * * * * * * * * * * *

Beep—Beep—Beep—Beep

I reached over and shut the alarm off. I usually just wake up when I feel like it, but with DJ coming today to cut my grass, I had set it for 8:30 AM so I could be ready for DJ. I crawled out of bed, slid my feet into my slippers, then headed to the bathroom for my morning pee, then walked out to the kitchen in all my naked glory to start the coffee. I opened the inside kitchen door, leaving only the storm door closed.

I sat at the table, waiting for the coffee to finish, then came a tap, tap on the storm door. With the inside door open, I could easily see it was DJ.

"Door's open, DJ, come on in." I said, fairly loudly. "Coffee is just about ready."

DJ entered, and started to sit down, as I got up, and went to get the coffee- pot. I came back to the table, and stood close to DJ while I filled both of our mugs. I knew DJ could not have helped but notice that I was naked, and I was waiting to see if he was going to say anything. He didn't say anything, but I did notice that he frequently glanced, particularly in the direction of my cock.

DJ took my advice, and was wearing an old pair of jeans that were somewhat baggy and lose fitting, and old T-shirt, and sneakers that had seen their better day. I acted like I forgot about the strudels. 

"DJ, I almost forgot, I picked up something to go with our coffee this morning. Go grab that white box over on the counter."

When DJ arose, he tried to adjust a little, but with those loose fitting jeans, with probably boxers underneath, he could not hide the obvious tent he had developed. I knew my trap had worked. Completely straight men don't get so aroused seeing another man naked. I'm certain now, that DJ can be had.

We finished our coffee and strudels, each having one cherry and one apple. DJ was ready to start on the yard work. I handed him the key to the shed, and he took over. After about 45 minutes, DJ came to the door and knocked. I was in the living room, I knew it had to be DJ so just hollered for him to come in.

"Doug, Can I get some water?" he called, from the kitchen.

"Hey," I said, entering the kitchen, "I'm not gonna wait on you hand and foot. The glasses are here, water is in the fridge." 

After he guzzled a large glass of water, he asked if he might use the bathroom.

"The question should be," I said, smiling, "Where is the bathroom? It's down the hall on the right. Want me to hold it for you?"

"No thanks, I think I can handle it." Then, after he returned, "I probably should have let you, but I didn't need another hardon!" and grinned.

The remark, I thought, was very close to an invitation. 'Doug, I'm thinking to myself, be careful, he might want to rip you off.' Somehow, though, I don't think DJ is a thief, at least not of material things, but he tugs at my heartstrings.

I hadn't realized how hot it was getting, and DJ's T-shirt was half soaked with sweat, or maybe he just sweats easily.

"DJ," I said, "You don't have to knock every time you need me, or something from the house, like water or the toilet."

"I noticed the weed eater is electric," DJ commented, "Where is the cord?"

"Hmmm, I think the last I used it was the day I vacuumed out the car. Check the Shop-vac, it's likely on top of or around that."

"OK Doug, I'll look." DJ headed back out to the shed. In a few minutes I heard the sound of the weed eater buzzing in the front yard.

In about another 45 minutes, a really sweat-soaked DJ entered the back door again. I handed him a towel, he smiled and started to wipe the sweat off his face, arms, and hair. He dropped the towel on a chair, and headed again to the bathroom, then returned, and helped himself to another tall glass of water.

"DJ," I asked, "did you bring a change of clothes?"

"No, why?"

"Because you need a shower badly, but I'm certain you wouldn't want to cover your body back up with those dirty, sweaty clothes. I would loan you a change, but there is no way mine would fit you!"

"Doug, if I might just borrow a T-shirt, I could—never mind. I do need to take this one off though. I can ride home topless."

DJ pulled off his sweaty T-shirt, exposing his completely hairless chest, and nipples that were begging for my touch. He was slim, but not skinny, with reasonably defined pecks and a hint of a trail of black hair from his navel that disappeared into his jeans.

He picked up the towel off the chair and wiped the sweat off his neck, chest and stomach. I grabbed the towel from him, turned him around, and wiped the glistening sweat off from his back. I couldn't resist swiping my fingers down his spine, causing DJ to shiver, and suddenly produce Goosebumps.

"Just a suggestion, DJ, next time, bring a change of clothes, or bring your work clothes, and you can change here, and also take a shower before you leave. Next Tuesday, same time ok?" DJ nodded in agreement.

I paid DJ $40 for his work, which he pocketed, smiling, and thanked me graciously. He placed his sweat soaked T-shirt in a plastic grocery bag, thanked me for everything, grabbed the bag and headed out the back door, then mounted his bike and headed out from the neighborhood. I'm feeling just a little depressed, as I have to wait a whole week to see "my DJ" again.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *

It's Friday morning and I am sitting at the kitchen table, naked as usual, sipping my second cup of coffee. My thoughts are suddenly interrupted, by a familiar tapping on the back door. I cautiously peeked through the blind, and it was, as I suspected, DJ. Now that I knew it was DJ, I just opened the door and he walked in, and dropped his backpack on the floor.

"Good morning DJ," I said, smiling warmly. "Aren't you a little early?"

"Oh!" he replied, "I didn't come to work today, but I did want to discus a couple of things with you. Are you satisfied with my work?"

"It was perfect, and I'm all ears!" I said, "Let's talk."

"Doug, I hope I'm not being too presumptuous, but, I brought my old sneakers, and clean work clothes, hoping you might have a place to keep them. When I come Tuesday, I can change, do the yard, and then get that shower before I leave, as you suggested."

"I will even do you one better, DJ," I responded. "Just leave your dirty clothes in the hamper, and I'll have them washed and fresh for the next time. What else is on your mind?"

"I'm just wondering, why are you always naked, when I'm around?"

"Simple," I explained, "I sleep au natural, so when I arise in the morning, I am naturally naked. I see no reason to rush, and put clothes on, until I am ready to exit the house. Does it bother you?"

"Not really, Doug. But I think I am a little jealous, because I can't do that at home. It seems like it would be a great feeling, to let it all hang out like you do. I can't even sleep naked."

"Why not?"

"Because I have to share my bed with my little brother. He is only 10, and if I slept naked, he would tell Mama, and then it would be hell to pay!" I can hardly ever get enough privacy to even jack off."

"DJ, grab your bag and follow me." 

I led DJ to the bedroom. I opened the bottom draw of the dresser, which was completely empty. I told DJ he could store his work clothes in it, and any other clothing he might want to bring here. He smiled. He then unpacked his backpack, and placed the contents into the draw.

"Doug, do you have any plans for the next couple hours?"

"None at all. I have to work at 3, but that is it. Why?"

"Would it, um—um—"

"We're friends DJ! There is nothing you can't discus with me. Just say it."

DJ, swallowing hard, "Would it be ok, if I got comfortable with you?" DJ blurted.

"You mean," I answered, smiling, "undressed, like me?" DJ nodded.

"I would love it if you did!" I answered with excitement in my voice.

DJ acted almost like a stripper. He removed his shoes, then socks. Then the T-shirt slipped off, over his head. Loosening the belt, and then unzipping his jeans, he stepped out of them, leaving only his bulging, tented boxers. God, how I wanted to see what this amazing young man had, that was yet covered. I could see a gradually larger wet spot forming at the end of his tent pole. He was teasing me, and I knew it. And he knew that I knew he was teasing, I could tell by the devilish grin on his face. 

"I can't take any more," I exclaimed, as I reached over and pushed his boxers down to his knees, and they slid on down to the floor, uncovering the most beautiful, erect, black cock I had ever seen.

It was not the stereotypical, 8 to 10 inch huge penis often associated with black men. It was about 6½" to 7" long, and, what I would call a comfortable diameter. I looked into DJ's face, as if to ask permission, before I touched it, the head was already slick with precum.

"DJ," I asked, "Have you ever had a blow job?"

DJ, shaking his head, "No, but if you want, you can give me my first! I need to warn you though, I haven't been off for several weeks, so it may be a really big load!"

I encouraged DJ to lie down, and sunk onto that gorgeous cock. Taking it all in. His precum was kind of sweet, but what I really wanted was the whole orgasm. I wanted DJ's cum in my mouth, I wanted to taste him. I also wanted him to have an excellent first time experience, one that he would remember, for years to come.

I ran my hand up his stomach, and onto his hairless chest, stopping to play with his nipples, pinching them, and making DJ squeal, and also causing his dick to jerk. 

I was also experiencing something I had not felt for a few years, my cock leaking precum, as it was sliding on the front DJ's leg while he was squirming. I was wondering if I might actually cum, while sucking him. It had happened before to me, but was probably 20 years ago.

It had likely been at least 10 years since the last time a man had caused me to lust like this, and never before, a black man. I didn't dare let DJ know how much I needed him, as that would give him the power to use me.

"My cock in your mouth feels so good. Sure feels a lot better than jacking off. I can feel the cum getting ready to eject."

I could hear DJ mumbling little explicit words, while I was nursing his cock. Judging from the actions of his pelvis, and the rather frequent times his body stiffened I was reasonably certain he was getting close.

DJ, hips jerking, "Doug! Pull off, I'm going to cum, hurry!"

I responded by ramming my hands under his ass, making sure he didn't pull out of my mouth, his cock started to jerk and pulse.

"Oh my god! I can't stop it, pull off, I'm cumminggggggggg!"

DJ was right, he shot one of the biggest loads I had ever taken in my mouth. I was kept busy, as I felt the first huge spurt hit the back of my throat, then another, and several more finally slowing up to where I could actually taste his cream, and DJ tasted really good.

"I didn't mean to cum in your mouth." DJ said, apologetically, I tried to warn you Doug."

"You don't understand, DJ," I said, "I wanted you to cum in my mouth, I wanted to swallow you, and taste you!"

"I felt your hard cock against my leg," DJ said, "Did you get off?"

"Almost, but not quite."

DJ quickly wrapped his hand around my cock, which was still slippery with pre and started stroking it. I could feel my man juice starting to build.

"Do you think I can get you off this way?" DJ asked.

"I don't think so, I know you can, and soon too."

DJ continued for about 2 minutes more and I stiffened, arched my back, and shot my load, all over my chest and stomach.

"Wow," DJ exclaimed, "That was a pretty good load too." Then, chuckling, "You're a mess. I prolly should have tried to catch that, but I'm not ready for cum in my mouth, at least not yet. Can I help you clean it up?"

"If you would, just get a warm wet washcloth, and bring it to me."

DJ walked into the bathroom, got a warm, wet washcloth, then came back and proceeded to clean the cum off my body, with his beautiful, now flaccid dick hanging just inches from me. I suddenly had an idea.

"DJ, don't you live close to Southside Drug Store?"

"Yeah, about 10 minutes walking distance, why?"

"That's where I work. I'm thinking, since I work Monday until about 9:00 PM, If you could meet me there, we could go get some chow, and come back and spend the night here. And you would be here to do the lawn Tuesday. Then I can drop you back home Tuesday afternoon."

"I see one problem, Doug. I'm not going to have money for food, Monday night. I'm actually broke already. That $40 went quick."

"DJ, you have much to learn. One does not invite someone to share a meal, and not plan to pick up the tab!"

DJ smiled. "That will work, I need to watch the young ones until Mama gets home from her job, about 8:00 PM. Deal!"

We both were lying on the bed, naked, and silent. I knew I had to start getting ready for work before too long. It was a little past noon. I was caressing DJ's body, running my hand from his neck and shoulder, across his smooth chest and stomach, down to his pubes, and then back up toward the other shoulder.

Suddenly DJ spoke, softly, "Doug, what do you see in me? Why are you trying so hard to help me?"

"It's hard to explain, DJ. The day you walked through my gate, I had a lust for you, sexually. I wanted you in my bed, right then. I wanted your cock in my mouth that morning. Then, as I got to know you better, I started to care for you, a lot. I don't know why. You're just one of the most beautiful people I've ever met."

"I have, as a protective shield, tried very hard not to fall 'in love' with you. Yes, I love you, but I have avoided things like kissing you. I am not 'in love' with you, nor do I want to be. I am way to old to be your lover, and you are way to young to be mine. Christ, I'm old enough to be your grandfather!

"I feel more like I want to be as your father, and I care very deeply for you. I guess maybe that would mean we've been practicing incest, but maybe not, since we are not blood relatives."

Like a thunderstorm, the floodgates opened, and DJ started sobbing. I grabbed a T-shirt, using it as a towel and cradled his head on my shoulder, wondering what I may have said to cause this outburst.

"DJ, what did I say, to upset you like this?"

DJ, trying to answer, between the sobs, "It's nothing you said, it's a realization that suddenly set in. For the first time in my life, you have made me feel wanted. I've never felt wanted before. I was a love child. I've heard Papa say, several times, that they should have had me aborted.

"Oh my god, DJ, How could any parent"—I'm at a loss for words, repulsed by what DJ just told me. The tears are now streaming down my face also. I realize that I need to do something. It's imperative that DJ be removed from that horrid environment, the sooner the better.

I need to leave for work soon, and with messing around with DJ, I had not had any lunch. DJ and I need to have a serious talk, but there is no time right now. We are both now dressed and off the bed. 
