 Author's note:

When I started this story, I intended it to be one short story, but it grew too long, so I ended up with a second chapter, this one. There is still more to come so I guess it will extend now to a third chapter, however that should conclude it.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *

(At the very end of Part 1, DJ and I were supposed to connect Monday evening for dinner at 9:00 PM, Then he was to spend the night with me, and do the grass on Tuesday. He was a no-show, finally I found him)

(from Part 1)

"OK, first off, this is supposed to be a dinner date," I said, "Where would you like to eat?"

"No place. I'm not hungry." This did not surprise me.

"Ok sweetheart, what's happened? What in the fuck is going on? Spill it!"

"Doug, you've been so kind to me. This is the last time you'll see me. I have to leave."

"You can't leave, DJ, you're starting a new job Wednesday."

"I'll call Justin tomorrow, and tell him I can't accept the job."

We are pulling into my driveway. I'm glad we are home, it's hard to drive with tears filling your eyes. I know I can't let DJ just slide out of my life like this. Whatever is going on with DJ, I need to get to the bottom of it.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *

DJ Part II

"Let's go in," I said. "Get your bag"

We walked in the front door, DJ dropped his backpack onto the Living Room rug. I closed the front door, and immediately wrapped my arms around my DJ, pulling him tight to me. He accepted my affection, not attempting to resist or pull away from me. That alone signified to me, that whatever was trying to destroy him, was not of my doing.

"DJ," I said, "I think it's been a pretty rough night for both of us. Let's go to bed." DJ just nodded, and followed me to the bedroom. I made a quick trip into the bathroom, draining whatever might be in my bladder, and I grabbed a clean towel, just in case it was needed, and headed back to the bedroom.

We both slowly started to undress, completely, then slipped into the full sized bed. I snuggled close to DJ, putting my arm around him, and holding him close to me.

"So you say you need to leave. Where are you going to?"

"I don't know, Doug. I just know I have to leave, get out of this city. I have no fucking idea where I should go."

"You were fine, earlier today. You were happy about the new job. Please tell me, what changed. Something drastic had to have happened. I really need to know what it is."

"Doug, I'll tell you. Mama dropped a bomb on me tonight. Papa is getting released from prison this coming weekend. He's coming back to the house to live. I can not and will not live under the same roof with him. I told Mama the same thing, after she told me. I packed what I could fit into my backpack, and left home. That's why I need to leave."

"Do you remember Friday, when you were here, I said we needed to have a serious talk, but we didn't have time then? Well, I had planned to have that talk with you tonight. That was part of the reason I wanted you to spend the night with me."

"Well, Doug, I'm here, what did you want to talk about?"

"Us, as in you and me. DJ I am very uncomfortable about the environment where you live. I am certain your mother is holding you back, trying to keep you for a live-in babysitter."

"I think you're right, Doug, I've come to the same conclusion, but I can't afford to live on my own."

"I know that also, DJ. That's why I want you to move out, and move in with me. I want to share my home, and my life, with you. You just don't know how precious you are, especially to me. What do you say, DJ?"

"That's pretty overwhelming, Doug. Can I sleep on it?"

"Of course." I said, grinning, "You can give me your answer, while we sit around naked in the morning, sipping coffee. If your answer is what I hope for, we are going to be busy tomorrow."

I reached up and turned out the light. DJ cuddled close to me, and we both were in ecstasy, enjoying the closeness and warmth of each other.

"Doug, I'm gonna try to say this without crying. It's awesome to feel this wanted! I love you!"

"My precious DJ, I love you too. Sweet dreams."

We fell asleep, just a little closer together than most fathers and sons. The last thing I remember, before drifting off, is hoping I have won this battle, and how great it will be, having DJ here every day, and not having to worry.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *

Tuesday morning I woke up early, about 7:00 AM. I looked over at my bed partner. DJ was still sleeping so peacefully, as I quietly slipped out of bed, trying not to wake him. As I removed my arm from it's position around his torso, he moaned a little, but didn't wake up. I went to the kitchen, and started a full pot of coffee, instead of the half pot I usually fix for myself.

I made certain there was plenty of sugar in the sugar bowl, placed two mugs on the table, got the creamer from the fridge, but just poured my cup, not knowing when DJ might wake up. I was nearly finished with my first cup when I saw DJ heading into the bathroom, wearing his boxers. When he exited, he glanced my way, slipped back to the bedroom for a few seconds, then came into the kitchen naked and smiling.

I stood up and opened my arms and he fell into them. My arms closed around him, and he hugged me back, our penis's touching. It didn't cause arousal, but still felt amazingly great, just feeling DJ's cock touching mine. DJ picked up the coffeepot, filled his cup, then poured me a refill. 

DJ spoke, "Doug, do you remember making me an offer last night, about moving in with you?"

"I remember it well," I said, smiling. "You said you wanted to sleep on it."

"I've made a decision. How soon can I move in?"

"Yesterday is not soon enough! DJ, this house is cold and lonely when you're not here. You will help make this house a home!" Then added, "Do you feel comfortable here, with me?"

"I feel a little awkward, Doug. At the same time, you always make me feel safe, secure, and wanted. Those are feelings that are strange to me." Then he added, "And I kind of feel like a hustler, trading my cock for a place to live."

"Oh, DJ!" I exclaimed. "I'll admit I am crazy for your beautiful cock, but that has nothing to do with why I want you to live here with me. Can't you understand, I love you as a person, for the awesome young man that you are. If you don't want any sex between us, it won't change how I feel, and you are still wanted, to share my home. My offer is not conditional, on having sex!"

"I have to admit, Doug, that blowjob you gave me the other day was pretty exciting. I really don't mind, well, actually, I liked the feeling of my cock in your warm mouth. I liked it a lot, and look forward to the next time."

"DJ, do you have your Birth Certificate?"

"Not with me, it's in a pile of papers at home that Mama calls important. Why?"

"You're going to need it, to get your learner's permit to learn to drive. If you're going to start at college in the fall, you will need a car. Also, you do have more clothing and personal stuff at your Mama's, don't you? You could call her, and ask her to dig that out for you."

"No, I can't. I don't want her to have my phone number, or to know where I am living. It's none of her fuckin' business! Besides, I'm supposed to cut the grass today."

I'm a little surprised at that outburst, DJ is usually soft spoken, and that was the first time I've heard him use that explicative term, in everyday language.

"The grass can wait, DJ, we have a lot more important things to do today. How about some breakfast?"

Without waiting for an answer, I placed a large frying pan on the burner, and put 6 slices of bacon on the bottom. I then donned an apron, mostly to protect me from bacon fat that could splatter on my stomach, or worse, on my cock. I already had four slices of bread in the double toaster, ready to push down when the eggs were started.

"I wasn't all that hungry when I got up," DJ stated, "but the smell in this kitchen is sure arousing my appetite. We never had bacon and eggs at home, usually just cold cereal. Mama doesn't like to cook, and everyone can make their own breakfast, if it is just cereal and milk."

The more I learn about DJ's home life, the more I realize he needs to be here with me. I'm also understanding how protective he is, not wanting his Mom to know anything about his whereabouts, or even know his phone number. After placing the bacon on a paper towel to drain, I cracked 5 eggs into the frying pan (2 for myself) and pushed the levers down on the toaster.

By the time the eggs were cooked, the toaster popped, I dished up the eggs, bacon, and freshly buttered toast on two plates, setting the one with 3 eggs in front of DJ. DJ asked if he could have another slice of toast, and I immediately inserted two more slices.

DJ, with an inquisitive expression, "Doug, This toast is delicious, what kind of margarine do you use?"

"I don't use margarine, that's real butter, from cows."

"Wow, I've never tasted real butter, it's awesome! The whole meal tastes great. You're a great cook, Doug."

"It doesn't take a rocket scientist to cook bacon and eggs." I smiled, "But I'm glad you enjoyed it." 

"As I told you, Mama doesn't like to cook. We ate a lot of peanut butter and bologna sandwiches, canned soup, Chef Boyardee canned spaghetti, maybe frozen pizza once a week, and TV dinners a couple times a month." 

"DJ, you're going to have to get used to other kinds of food. I do cook, and mostly it's from scratch. I mean, real meat and real vegetables, and fresh salads. Nourishing food, not heat and eat processed food. And I will teach you how to cook. Do you like charcoal grilled steak?"

"I don't know, Doug," DJ replied, "I've never had any."

"Since I'm off today, we will have some tonight. Prepare for some home cooking! Now, next item. How are we going to get the rest of your stuff from your Mama's house? How much is there? Do you have a key to your Mama's house?"

"I don't have or need a key, Mama never locks it. I think everything I have left there will fit in a big trash bag, except my bike. It might be tricky, I think Mama will be leaving for work about 1:00 PM today, but I have no idea what she is doing about someone to watch the kids."

"So I guess you don't have a key ring? You will need one, I want our doors locked when we are not home!" DJ nodded, understanding. "I think I have an idea how to get the rest of your stuff. I need to make a phone call"

I dialed, and got an answer. "Hey Joe, This is Doug, and I need a real big favor." (I explained the situation, and Joe understood, and agreed to help us.)

"DJ," I smiled, "Officer Joe Reynolds from the Police Department is coming by in about an hour. You are to go with him, and he will accompany you to go to your Mama's, so you can pack up the rest of your stuff and put it in the patrol car, and he will bring it here. If your Mama is home, he will get your birth certificate from her, or at least, be with you while you find it."

"What about my bike?"

"Not sure, I guess if he can't put it in the patrol car, you can ride it back here. Ask him for his advice. He's a good guy, and I would trust him with my life, and yours too."

* * * * * * * * * * * * *

Officer Joe Reynolds and DJ arrived at the project, DJ leading the way to his Mama's apartment. DJ walked in, Joe following.

Mama, demanding, "What kind of trouble is he in, Officer?"

"He is not in trouble, Ma'am, didn't he tell you he is moving out? Dewain, go take care of what you need to gather up."

"He did say last night that he was leaving. He can't do that, Officer, he has to watch his younger siblings, when I am at work."

"You may be correct, Mrs. Jackson. May I see his birth certificate?"

"I don't know where it is."

"Dewain said it was in the stack of, what you call 'important papers'"

Mrs. Jackson pulled out a stack of papers from a draw, sifted through them, and produced, DJ's birth certificate, handing it to the Police Officer.

Reynolds, doing the math in his head, "Mrs. Jackson, you can't stop him, he is nineteen, and can legally decide for himself, whether he wants to live here or elsewhere." 

"But he has no income, no way to support himself, he has to live here."

DJ came out of the bedroom, carrying a large trash bag full of clothing, and set it down by the front door. Just then, his phone rang, he pulled it out of his pocket and answered it.

"Yes sir, this is he. (listening) 10 AM, yes sir, I'll be there. (listening) No, sir, not anymore, as late as you need me. Thank you, sir, see you tomorrow morning."

"DJ!" Mama exclaimed, angrily, "Where'dja get that phone?"

"My best friend got it for me." Then "And that was my new boss, I start my job tomorrow."

"Where ya gonna be workin', and what's your number?"

DJ, shaking his head, "Sorry, Mama, those are things I need to keep to myself. If I gave you my number, you would pester the hell out of me. Mama, I'm gone, just like Papa wanted me gone, nineteen years ago. It'll be better if you just forget that I ever existed!"

DJ went back into the bedroom and picked up another trash bag, containing his footwear and winter jacket, then came back out, evidently ready to leave.

"Officer, I think I'm ready to leave. Oh, Mama, I need my birth certificate, please."

"I've got it, DJ." Reynolds stated. "Let me carry one of those bags."

"Goodbye, Mama, I hope you enjoy your life with Papa back home again."

"Officer Reynolds," Mrs. Jackson questioned, "Do you know where DJ is staying?"

"Yes, I do, and who he is staying with. I know he'll be safe there."

DJ, on the way to the cruiser, "Do you think my bike will fit in there somewhere?"

"I think we can get it into the trunk, DJ." It did fit.

On the way back to DJ's 'new' home, Joe questioned DJ about what he was referencing, about what his father wanted 19 years ago. DJ told him, that his father had mentioned, several times, that they should have had him (DJ) aborted. Joe just shook his head in shock.

"DJ," Joe said, "I think I need to give you a heads up. Are you aware that Doug is, I guess, a man's man?"

"Sure," DJ smiled, "I know he's gay, he is also the most generous, kindest, loving and caring person I've ever had the privilege of knowing. He's much more of a father to me than my own could ever be. I love him, and I know he loves me too."

"Quite an age difference between you two."

"Oh, we've discussed that. We're like a father and son couple," then, grinning, "with benefits. Not like lovers. We love each other, but we're not 'in love' with each other. Doug gives a mighty good blow—forget that."

"You're right," Joe chuckled, "He does give good head. Doug and I go back, probably, 20, maybe 25 years. Knowing him, like I do, I know he would never harm you."

Officer Joe pulled into my driveway, and I went out to greet them both. I observed DJ's bike hanging out of the trunk. Joe opened the trunk, and DJ took the bike and put it under the carport beside my car. Then he got the 2 bags out of the back seat and carried them into the house, while I gave Joe a big hug, and we kissed.

"Joe, I don't know how to thank you for your help today."

"Well Doug," Joe grabbed my hand and rubbed it against his slightly bulging crotch, "We haven't seen each other for quite a while." Then, "I'm on duty right now, but I'm off tomorrow."

"DJ," I said, "What time you gotta be at work tomorrow?"

"Ten in the morning."

"Joe, wanna come by for coffee about 10:30"

"Sounds good, Doug. And DJ, here is my card, and this number on the back is my personal cell number. If you need me for anything, call me."

"Thank you so much for everything, Officer Joe." DJ stated, as he wrapped his arms around Joe, and Joe kissed his cheek, and hugged him back.

Joe walked to the cruiser, started it, he waved goodbye to DJ and myself, And took off. Driving down the road he is thinking to himself. Today was a good day to be a police officer. He likes a day where he can actually help people instead of giving out tickets or arresting people. He cannot help but think that DJ is perfect example of an outstanding young man.

"DJ, we've still got plenty to do today." I said, "Do you have decent clothes for work, at least for a couple of days?

"Justin said I could wear jeans, as long as they are proper, and for now, a polo shirt. He is going to order me some store shirts. I might need another polo shirt."

"I know that bottom draw isn't going to hold all your clothes, but there is another chest in the other room, that used to be a bedroom. I think I can clean out a couple of draws in that one. Actually, I'm planning on doing some rearranging, so that you can have that room for yourself. I think it would be better, if we had our own separate bedrooms, anyway." 

"You—don't want me to sleep with you anymore?" DJ asked, with some disappointment in his voice.

"I didn't say that, DJ! I love sleeping with you. But what happens if one of us wants to have an overnight guest. And when you start school in the fall, you will need a quiet place to study. I may be almost 66, but that doesn't mean I might not still be looking for a husband. And one of these days, you may also meet Mr. Right."

DJ, shocked, "You knew I was gay?"

"I didn't really know, at first," I responded, "but I was about 95% certain. Gay guys have a kind of sixth sense, we call Gaydar, that helps us detect other gay people. The real clincher was when you sprang a boner when seeing me naked, straight men don't usually do that."

DJ, grinning, and pointing at his crotch, "Mr. Cock, you told on me!"

"We need to get out of here, DJ, we have much to do."

"You have something I can make a sandwich out of?" DJ asked, "I'm kind of hungry."

"I have a better idea, DJ, you like Mexican food?"

"You mean like, Taco Bell?"

"I'm thinking a couple steps up, like Chipotle."

"Doug, they're too pricey. They get about $8 for a burrito, and I can eat at least 2 or 3 of them."

"Have you ever had one from there?" DJ shook his head. "Well, it's time you did, then. I wanted to take you there last night, but you weren't hungry."

We got to Chipotle and DJ started to order 2 burritos, but I encouraged him to just get one, and if he was still hungry after that he could get another. His eyes got pretty big when he saw the size of it. Needless to say, one burrito filled him up.

We spent the afternoon shopping. We went to the hardware store, and DJ picked out a key ring he liked, while I had a duplicate key for the house made. We went to a clothing store and got a couple of polo shirts. 

Finally we ended up at the market, where we picked up some groceries, including a couple of rib eye steaks for dinner tonight. DJ wasn't used to eating fresh vegetables so I selected broccoli to go with the steaks and baked potatoes. We also picked up some Romaine lettuce, and other ingredients for fresh salad, also more bacon, eggs and whole grain bread for mornings. I'm determined I'm going to feed my DJ better than he has ever eaten.

We got home and put away the groceries, except for the steaks and salad materials. DJ watched as I scrubbed the potatoes, and put them in the oven to bake. Then I prepared the tossed salad, and fired up the gas grill, and prepared the broccoli for steaming. DJ watched intently, as he prepared to eat his first steak dinner, ever. 

Everything turned out great. DJ was struggling with his steak, and I had to show him how to use a steak knife. As we ate, I heard these periodic little "ummm" sounds coming from DJ. It warmed my heart to watch him put away that food, really enjoying the dinner. I suddenly felt tears flooding my eyes, and running down my cheeks.

"Doug! What's wrong?" DJ questioned, concern in his voice.

"Nothing, DJ, nothing. My emotions just betrayed me a little. These are tears of joy leaking out. I'm just so happy, having you here, sharing my home and my life!" I said, grabbing a napkin to blot my tears. "You know, I've never been married, and you are like the son I never had, and missed."
