 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This series contains straight sex, bisexual sex, gay sex and incest.

DAY THREE -- PORT OF CALL SAN JUAN

There was no sex in the morning as everyone had to eat breakfast and then meet the outfitters for the daily excursions. Margaret opted to do the tour of the old town and do some shopping in the city. Delia and Chole also joined that excursion. Brandon and his friends signed on for the snorkel cruise and picnic. Dustin opted for a more physical adventure. He was pleased to see that Julie the activities director was also going on the same excursion.

It was a fairly demanding seven-hour outing and everyone participating was fit and in decent shape. They would be exploring the El Yunque rainforest. From ship's landing the journey began with a shuttle to the National Forest Park. Then there was a short 30-minute hike up a rocky path surrounded by bamboo trees and lush tropical plants. When they reached the collecting pool, everyone took a dip and cooled off. 

They stayed in that area for a short while, ate lunch and then moved on to another spot that had waterfalls and a natural 20-foot waterslide. Dustin was the only one along with one of the guides to jump off the 40-foot cliff into the pool of water below. It had been a moderate hike and everyone was ready to hit the water to cool off. They all had a blast with the water slide. 

Mid-afternoon, they hiked back to the shuttle bus and took a scenic ride back to ship's landing. Dustin made it a point to sit with Julie on the bus ride back. He liked her, she was fit, cute and charming as one would expect the activities director to be. She had small breasts, actually nearly flat chested. Her legs, however, were gorgeous and she had a lovely shapely bottom. After hearing Chole's description of Bobbi, Dustin wondered if Julie could be a ladyboy too. She wasn't showing any sign of a cock but if she was a ladyboy, she sure had a fine ass.

"Hi, I'm Dustin."

"Yes, I know. I'm Julie your activities director."

"Nice to finally meet you. I have seen you around the ship."

"You are gutsy to jump off that cliff. I've never done that. I stick to the water slides."

"I've done stuff like that before. I dove off some cliffs in Mexico once."

"Where did you wife and son go today?"

"Margaret went of the tour of Old San Juan with her friends and they are going shopping too. Brandon, my gay stepson, went on a snorkeling and picnic excursion with his friends."

"Those excursions last longer and they left later than ours, they won't be back for a while. I hope they all have a second seating for dinner." 

"We all do. Can I offer you a drink in my stateroom? We can sit on the balcony."

"No can do but you can have a drink with me in my quarters."

"I'd like that."

"So why did you pick the LGBT cruise instead of a regular cruise?"

"It was more so that Brandon could enjoy himself. My wife is also into women as are her friends, Delia and Chole. The five of us get along very well."

"I see."

When they got back to the ship, Dustin followed Julie to her quarters. She walked ahead of him as she entered the room and he watched her marvelous ass undulate under the snug fitting shorts. Julie turned to face him and she was about to speak and tell him she changed her mind as it was not a good idea to have a passenger in her cabin. Sensing her demeanor, he stepped up to her and kissed her driving his tongue into her mouth. She had not been kissed that passionately in a long time. The last time was by another woman.

Dustin began to undress Julie as she stood still and trembled as her clothing was removed. Dustin first removed her top, then her shoes and her shorts. Julie turned away and instinctively covered her tiny breasts with her hands. Dustin massaged her neck and shoulders gently as if he was trying to remove her tension. His hands encircled her waist and he kissed her neck. She trembled and goose bumps covered her skin. His hands moved upwards and he cupped her small pert breasts. He fondled them gently and toyed with her erect nipples. Julie could feel her body heating up.

Dustin then dropped to his knees behind her, slid her panties down and kneaded her buttocks gently in his hands. He lovingly placed kisses on each buttock and let his tongue tickle her tailbone. She gasped aloud when the tongue slid over her buns. He turned her around so that she faced her kneeling lover. He touched all her around her vulva and probed her vagina gently with his fingers.

Julie's pussy was sopping wet by now and she moaned when he moved in closer to lick her pussy. She cooed and shivered as the tongue danced over her labia and then she almost collapsed when the tongue found her clit. He pushed two fingers into her pussy and quickly located her g-spot. He massaged her g-spot and nibbled on her clit simultaneously. Julie lost it experiencing simultaneous clitoral and vaginal orgasms. She grasped his head and held him tightly as her juices poured into his mouth. Julie almost lost her balance; the combined orgasms were so intense. She seemed to cum for minutes. He stood up and she saw his face coated with her love juice. He kissed her again and she tasted herself.

"My, you certainly know your way around a woman's pussy."

"We're just getting started."

He guided Julie over to her bed and had her lie on her back. Julie watched him as he undressed and then moved onto the bed with her. Dustin raised himself up and knelt between her legs. His huge cock looked menacing as it hovered above her hips. It would be the biggest one she ever had. He was even bigger than Kurt, the second officer. 

He held his cock and lined up the swollen head with the entrance to her sex. He pushed forward slightly allowing her tight cunt lips to open up for his impressive cock. He was about half way in when he pulled out and then slowly eased back into her causing her to moan in pleasure. He would push in a little and then pull out a little, slowly working his cock deeper and deeper into her vagina. Once his entire cock was buried in her, Julie sighed feeling completely full. 

She was ready to be fucked and she needed his big dick to slide in and out of her and rub her clit. On these LGBT cruises she only fucked Kurt and now it felt good to be with another man. She began to move and he fucked her using long slow strokes. Julie locked her legs around his ass and pulled him into her. He began to fuck her harder and faster and she felt another orgasm on its way. She was at the mercy of his impressive organ. His orgasm was as intense as hers as their bodies ground together and they moaned and groaned loudly. She felt the warm liquid fill her womb as he fired round after round into her. 

Dustin slowly lifted himself off of her body and in so doing his thick cock slipped from her pussy. Julie felt the void in her cunt as his cock left her body and she gasped as the coolness of the air touched her vacant pussy. He rolled her over on her stomach and looked at her sweet ass and he could not resist running his hands over her shapely cheeks. Her ass was so cute and so shapely that he felt his loins stir with desire. Dustin got to his knees behind Julie and kneaded her gorgeous ass cheeks. 

"Please don't try to fuck me in the ass. I don't do that and I could not imagine your big cock in there."

"No problem, would like a massage Julie? I give great massages."

Julie just nodded her head accepting the offer. He then began to work on her shoulders and neck. She cooed as he massaged her body. He worked his way down from her neck and shoulders to her lower back. He purposely bypassed her buttocks and moved to her calves. He massaged her calves and then moved to her thighs where he spent a long time. Julie could feel her body heating up again even though she didn't think that she was capable of another orgasm. Dustin then moved his hands to her shapely ass and molded the soft globes in his hands.

Dustin liked the look and feel of Julie's ass. He lifted her to her knees and slipped his cock back in her pussy and fucked her doggy style. She turned her head to the side and groaned when the big cock filled her again. He fucked her from behind and caressed her curvy ass. He sensed that she was getting hot again so he pulled out of her pussy and turned her over on her back. Then he fed his cock into her pussy again. She loved the thick shaft rubbing against her sensitive clit.

"Oh yes, oh it feels so good, oh, oh."

Julie had cute firm little tits with rock hard nipples that extended a ½ inch. The nipples looked bigger because of her tiny titties. Dustin twirled the nipples in his fingers and then leaned over taking one then the other in his mouth. He could feel his balls start to tighten and he knew it wouldn't be long before he filled her pussy with his cum for a second time. Julie stiffened and then had another orgasm. 

"Hold me, please hold me, I'm cummmming!" 

He reached around behind her and pulled her toward him as she shook and trembled throughout her climax. The hard nipples poked against his chest. As she was cumming, he did too and he fired another barrage of cum into her pussy. As she started to recover he laid her back down on the bed and slowly fucked her as his cock softened. His cock was swimming in her; there was so much cum in there mingling with her own juices.

Julie ran her hands over his muscular arms; pecs and washboard abs. She looked down at the soft cock and took it in her hand. It was definitely bigger than Kurt's cock. She couldn't imagine it fitting into anyone's ass.

"You showed interest in my ass. Do you like anal sex?"

"I do. I love fucking a hot shapely ass. Did you change your mind?"

"Heavens no, I could never take you and as I said before I don't do that. Does your wife?"

"No, I'm too big for her. I get my anal fix with the sisters. They both love it."

Dustin didn't tell her that he fucked Brandon on a regular basis. He didn't think she needed to know that he would fuck a gay man or ladyboy if they had a nice ass. He was sure that she would not hear about Randy and Terry. He didn't think that they would be talking about having sex with passengers, at least not with her.

"I should get going. The others will be back soon and we need to get ready for dinner. Julie just nodded as she remained in bed. She watched him get dressed and leave her quarters. He was a good lover and she thought that she would probably have him again before the cruise was over. It was amazing that he was having sex with the pretty sisters and his wife was okay with that.

ANOTHER HOT EVENING

That evening after dinner, Dustin and Margaret went to the club and danced for short time. Later they returned to their stateroom to make love and then get a good night's sleep. If Dustin had not spent the afternoon with Julie, he would have been up for more action. That was not the case for Brandon and the sisters as they were ready to party.

Chole introduced Delia to the second officer Kurt. Bobbi later joined them and introduced herself to Delia who was amazed at the ladyboy's good looks and shapely figure. Brandon danced with his friends for a while and then checked out the talent in the club. When he spotted the sisters talking with the crew members, he joined them. He had heard from Chole that morning when she bragged about Kurt and Bobbi.

"Hi, may I join you."

"Oh, hi Brandon," Chole greeted him, "This is Kurt and Bobbi."

"How do you do? Pleased to meet you," Brandon said offering his hand.

"Nice to meet you Brandon," Bobbi replied and shook his hand.

Then Kurt greeted him and shook his hand too. It was a stark contrast between the handshakes. Bobbi had a small soft delicate hand whereas Kurt's was meaty and thick. Brandon liked them both and he hoped they would include him in any plans for the evening. It didn't take long to get things moving. 

"Brandon, we were planning to go to my quarters for a drink. Would you like to join us?""

"Why yes Kurt, I would. Thank you!"

Bobbi leaned in and whispered in his ear. "I know that you like cock. There is more cock in this group than pussy."

Brandon blushed and smiled at the remark. Minutes later the five of them were on their way to the second officer's quarters. Brandon felt someone grab his ass and he looked around to see Bobbi behind him. They smiled at each other and continued on to the quarters. The sisters were looking forward to a wild night with three cocks at their disposal.

Once inside Kurt's quarters, everyone got undressed and admired each other's body. Kurt had already fucked Chole the night before and he was anxious to shove his cock in Delia's lovely ass. Brandon and Bobbi were already playing with each other, caressing, touching and kissing. Bobbi wanted to fuck him and Brandon was ready as always to take a cock in his ass. 

Brandon got on his knees and leaned forward onto a chair. Bobbi quickly lubed the gay teen's ass and her cock. She entered the sweet ass and her cock went in easy. It was obvious that he was very experienced. Bobbi always liked fucking a curvy bottom and watching her cock slide in and out. Brandon had the nicest gay ass that she had fucked in some time. Being very turned on, Bobbi came quickly and filled the receptive rectum with her warm seed. Brandon announced that he could feel it.

Being anxious to fuck Bobbi, they changed positions and Brandon lubed her ass and his cock. He entered her from behind and he too found an experienced ass. It was obvious that Bobbi had had some big dicks in her bottom. Brandon reached around and fondled the ladyboy's tits. He was enamored them and liked handling them. Bobbi liked having her tits played with while she was being fucked. It didn't take Brandon long to cum either and he flooded the gripping rectum with a big load. They remained coupled together and he continued to toy with the ladyboy's tits.

On the other side of the room, Delia had her hands against the bulkhead with her back arched and her scrumptious ass pointing back. Kurt was fucking her ass with his big dick and caressing her sweet cheeks. Chole was kneeling down under them eating her sister's pussy and fondling Kurt's testicles. Every so often she would take his balls in her mouth and gently suck on them. It was driving him crazy with desire and he soon lost it. 

He pulled out of Delia's ass and fired several streams of cum onto her body. His aimed his dick at her anus and the seed touched her nether hole and coated her buttocks. He was really blown away when Chole took his cock in her mouth and sucked the remaining cum out of it. She then licked the semen off her sister's skin before standing up and kissing both of them. Kurt was so charged by the act that his cock stayed hard.

Chole saw this and she decided to ride his dick. Kurt got on his back as Chole mounted him lowering her pussy onto the stiff dick. She decided that she wanted to have three cocks before everyone was done for the night. Brandon was told to take her ass while she sucked Bobbi's cock. Brandon lubed her ass and his cock as he had done many times with the pretty Greek woman. He eased his cock into her bottom and then he and Kurt established a rhythm fucking her. 

Bobbi knelt in front of Chole and fed the cock to the succulent mouth. Delia then moved behind Bobbi and fondled the ladyboy's tits and tweaked the stiff nipples. Bobbi wished that Delia had a cock and could fuck her ass while the sister sucked her. It wasn't as important for the others to cum again as it was for Chole and she had a massive orgasm. He entire body quaked and trembled as her climax rocked her body and she cried out. Bobbi's cock slipped out and Brandon removed his cock. Chole rolled to the side and moved off of the big dick. 

Kurt's cock wasn't idle long as Delia straddled him and lowered herself onto the shaft. Brandon and Bobbi then joined in and Delia now had three cocks in her. She too came quickly like her sister but she simply collapsed on top of Kurt. Bobbi next moved around behind Brandon and pushed her cock back in his ass. This time both Brandon and Bobbi ejaculated, Brandon into Delia's marvelous ass and Bobbi's into Brandon's. The three of them moved away from Kurt who scrambled to his knees with his big dick bobbing before them.

He rolled Chole over on her belly and got the lube to prepare her ass. She remained in the prone position but pushed up slightly on her knees to raise her ass. Kurt loved the look of her in that position and he pushed his impressive cock into her bottom. He fucked her slowly at first but as he got close to cumming, he picked up the pace. This time he did not pull out and shot his wad into her clenching rectum. He kept his weight off of her pushing up with his arms on either side of her body. She looked fantastic with her curvy ass full of cock in that position.

Kurt slowly eased his cock out of her curvy bottom and a trail of semen dribbled on her buttock. He rocked back on his knees and continued to look at her well-fucked ass. His seed began to ooze out and he teased her by putting his finger in her anus. Bobbi got a had towel and wipe the semen from her anus as more of it was expunged. The five of them were ready for a break and a drink. Kurt got drinks for everyone and they chatted while they rested. Bobbi and Kurt were intrigued with the relationship that existed with the family and sisters.

"I do how to say Brandon that you do have an amazing ass. I can see why everyone wants to fuck it."

"What about you Kurt, do you want to fuck me?"

"Sure, can you handle my cock?"

"Oh yes, my stepfather is larger than you."

That got Bobbi's attention, "Really, he is bigger than Kurt. I'll have to meet him."

"He would like you Bobbi. I'll tell him tomorrow about you."

"I think I'm ready to go again. Are you up for it Brandon?"

"Oh yes, how do you want me?"

"On your knees with your pretty ass sticking up."

Brandon got in position and to be sure Kurt lubed the sweet ass again. He greased his dick too and then eased it into the receptive bottom. Just as he always did with Bobbi, he caressed the shapely cheeks as he watched his cock slide in and out. Bobbi was seated between the sisters and the three of them watched Brandon and Kurt. The sisters caressed Bobbi and played with her tits Bobbi got an erection and Delia stroked it.

Bobbi got so worked up that she wanted to fuck one of the sisters in the ass again. Delia got on her knees and Bobbi entered her from behind. Chole got underneath again and licked her sister's pussy and Bobbi's testicles. Kurt came quicker than expected and the small discharge oozed into Brandon's rectum. Kurt eased his cock out and Brandon, who was hard again, went to Chole. He rolled her to her belly and slipped his cock in her ass. Bobbi and Brandon fucked the sisters until both ejaculated again cumming in the hot asses.

That was it for the group and they all tidied up, dressed and returned to their staterooms. Bobbi returned to her own quarters and an exhausted Kurt crashed on his bed. Brandon recapped the past days in his mind and thought that things couldn't be better. He was meeting neat people and having great sex. There was no port of call tomorrow and he would definitely sleep late. 

UNPLANNED SEX

Dustin, as usual, was up early and he left Margaret and Brandon asleep in the stateroom. He headed to the fitness center and was surprised to see a few others there. Randy, the attendant, was there but he was kept busy and could not break away for any extracurricular activities. Dustin worked out for over an hour and then started to leave. Randy spoke to him as he headed out.

"Sorry, we couldn't get together this morning."

"No problem, another time."

"My shift is over at two if you want to hook up later."

"Sure, why not, come by the stateroom. I'll be there." 
