 DJ and Jamie start moving Bryan

Doug and Joe dance to a special song

Doug and Joe get drunk on the cruise

Randy and Daryl announce their Party

Steve and Valerie need a 'kid sitter'

DJ Part 20

Friday morning, January 19th, Jamie's alarm woke the boys up at 7:00 AM and they pulled themselves out of the bed after sharing a loving good morning kiss and hug. With classes on four mornings a week at 9:00 AM, these 7:00 AM awakenings are starting to become familiar, but not necessarily well liked.

They saw no reason to shower, as they hadn't messed themselves up with sexual residue and had showered at school after their Phys Ed class yesterday. They pulled their boxer-briefs on, went to the bathroom and peed together, and headed to the kitchen, greeting, kissing and hugging Granny and Karen.

"Mom," Jamie announced, "we're supposed to be hooking up with Bryan at noon, to transfer some of his stuff into my car, and take to Phil at the hotel, so it'll probably be around 1:30 when we get home from school today."

"What time are you guys working today?" Karen asked.

"DJ is 3-9 and I'm 4-11," Jamie responded, "Should I bring pizza home tonight?" DJ is nodding.

"That would be nice," Karen agreed, "I'll have dinner ready when you guys get back from school today."

"Thanks, Mom, "DJ stated, "It's nice to have real food before I go to work, and I really appreciate what you do for us." Karen smiled.

For just a moment, Karen was reminiscing back to almost a year ago, when she was so afraid that Carl's attitude toward black people was maybe going to cause them the loss of Jamie. Thank goodness he came around quickly and accepted DJ, and quite obviously has so much love for him today. It was Carl that said they could afford to give DJ the Playstation for his Birthday, and it was Carl's brainchild to send the boys to Disney World for a Christmas Gift. Yeah, Carl has accepted DJ as his second son.

While Jamie was driving DJ and himself to school, DJ's phone rang, and he answered it, not recognizing the calling number.

"DJ? Steve Jones here."

"Hi Uncle Steve," DJ replied, smiling, "what's up?"

"DJ, do you have plans for tomorrow evening?"

"Not really, I'm working 10:00 AM until 5:00 or 6:00 PM"

"Val and I have a function in the city tomorrow night, could we maybe solicit your baby sitting service?"

DJ, grinning, "Do you mean my 'kid-sitting' service?"

Steve, chuckling, "You've been around Abby too much, we'd like to leave as close to 6:30 as possible, and we won't be home until around 1:00 AM, maybe 1:30, can you help us?"

"I want to say yes, but I really need to check with Randy. Can I call you back, a little after noon and confirm?"

"I may have clients in the office, but if you call this number, it's my cell and I will answer it, I'll be looking for your call, thanks."

"DJ," Jamie asked, what did Uncle Steve want?"

DJ, grinning, "They need a kid sitter tomorrow night, while they go to the city for a function."

"You really like Abby and David, don't you?"

DJ, smiling, "Well, I can't help it, they kind of grew on me."

"Baby, I think you'd make a wonderful Daddy, if—someday, we get married."

"You're serious about marriage, aren't you, Jamie?"

"Well, not right now, but I fucking love you, and I want to spend my life with you, married or not!" 

Jamie has tears sliding down his face, as he parked the car at the campus. DJ drew Jamie close, wiped the tears away, and the two young men shared a passionate hug and kiss.

"Jamie, I think our feelings are the same, I can't believe I would ever love any boy, as much as I love you, I think I would die if we were ever to break up!"

The two boys got their backpacks, and headed to their 9:00 AM Algebra class. At 11:50 their computer class let out and they headed to the parking lot. Bryan's red Pontiac was parked next to Jamie's Civic. DJ and Jamie looked into the back seat, and it was filled with black Hefty bags. Bryan pranced toward them, smiling.

Bryan, giving both DJ and Jamie hugs, "Guys, this is going quicker than I thought it would! This is everything out of my closet, and all my summer clothes, and most everything else. I've only left a minimum of stuff back there, just what I'll need over the weekend, and need for school Monday. When I leave on Monday morning, my old room will be empty, except for the furniture, which belongs to them anyway." Bryan was beaming.

The three boys spent the next ten minutes, transferring Bryan's stuff from Bryan's car to Jamie's, Jamie opened his trunk and they filled it from Bryan's trunk. Bryan left for home, and DJ and Jamie headed to the Shady Inn to unload the cargo.

DJ made a call to Randy, asking if he could be off by 6:00 PM on this Saturday evening, and Randy said he should be, if he starts the deliveries early enough. DJ then made the call to Steve, and Steve answered, noting that the call was from DJ.

"Uncle Steve, Randy says I should be off by 6:00 PM, but I'm not sure where you live, and I'll need to pick up something to eat."

"If you can handle wieners and Mac and Cheese, you can eat with the kids, you know they'd love your company, you'll have to cut the wieners up for David." DJ smiled.

Steve gave DJ the address, and DJ put it in the GPS and saved it, then told Steve he should be there before 6:30. They hung up.

Jamie backed the car up in front of room 120, and DJ knocked at the door, hearing a 'who is it?' from inside.

"It's DJ, and Jamie," DJ answered.

Phil opened the door, a bath towel wrapped around him, and let them in.

"Close the door, and have a seat on the bed," Phil said, "I hope you'll excuse me, I just finished my daily masturbation, and I needed to shower and wash the spunk off my stomach and—wherever else it flew."

Phil took the towel from around his waist and dried his hair with it, his flaccid cock bouncing in front of DJ and Jamie, who were both glancing at each other and grinning. Phil was reasonably well endowed, probably over 7" in its flaccid state. DJ and Jamie had never seen Phil naked before and Phil seemed to care less. He then put the towel back into the bathroom and walked back into the room naked, walked over to the dresser and pulled out a clean pair of boxers, and put them on.

"You do have some of Bryan's stuff, don't you?" Phil asked.

"Yeah," Jamie replied, "my car is full of his shit, but he said this is most of it. He's planning on getting what is left Monday morning, and never going back."

Phil smiling, "Give me about 3 minutes to get properly dressed, and I'll help you bring it in here."

DJ, while Phil was dressing, "Baby, I think Phil would be mighty comfortable at our Dad's house, especially in the early morning."

"Why would that be?" Phil queried.

Jamie, grinning, "Cause nobody puts on any clothes there, until we need to go outside, and we all sleep naked."

Phil replied, grinning, "You're gonna make me jealous, I guess you might realize that I do like nudity. You guys are two of my closest friends, and I'm not at all uncomfortable being naked around you."

They all went out to Jamie's car and started to carry bag after bag into the hotel room, and then the boxes and stuff from the trunk. Once the stuff was unloaded, Phil opened the box with the games and CD's in it. Right on top was Bryan's 8" X 10" framed senior picture. Phil held it up, looked at it, kissed it and held it tightly to his breast.

Phil, with tears in his eyes, "Do you guys have any idea how it feels to be dating, and in love, with the most handsome and sweetest guy in the whole fuckin' school?" He turned the photo around for DJ and Jamie to look at it.

"He is right handsome," DJ commented.

"I vaguely remember him, and you too, Phil," Jamie recalled, "you guys were seniors when I was a junior, we went to the same school. Baby, we need to hit the road, Mom's expecting us for dinner."

"Wait up a sec," Phil stated, fishing in his pocket, and brought out a key, "you'll likely see Bryan before I do, give this to him." DJ accepted the key, with 120 written on it.

"I talked to the owner yesterday," Phil explained, "and told him I needed a key as I had a roommate moving in with me. First he said he needed to have the roommates name on record, I told him the name was Bryan Stith, then he offered to give us a room with two beds for $25 more a week, and I told him that Bryan and I didn't mind sharing the bed. He just smiled and said 'It's Cool'"

Jamie, while driving them to Jamie's house, "I think we learned something about Bryan today, he's a size queen."

"What do you mean, what's a size queen?"

"A size queen is a gay guy that likes guys with big dicks."

"Oh," DJ replied, "I really didn't notice."

"Bullshit!" Jamie exclaimed, "Phil was swinging that big piece of meat right in front of us, there is no way you didn't notice it!"

"Okay," DJ said, grinning, "But Phil is still not as big as Rusty, actually I was kind of feeling sorry for Bryan's little ass, when they get back together."

Jamie, snickering, "I don't, Bryan's used to it, and he's probably dying to have that big piece of meat shoved up his ass again! Speaking of meat up the ass, I could handle one up mine again, but I would want something more reasonable, like a DJ sized piece of meat, we haven't done any anal since we got back from our trip."

"I'd feel more comfortable doing that at my house, Jamie, after our Dad's get back from their honeymoon. Then you can make love to me, you know I love the feeling of you inside of me."

"No more than I love the feeling of you inside me, baby, you know, DJ, we're so fucking much alike, it's almost scary!"

"Jamie," DJ snickered, "You'll never get a tan as dark as mine!"

It was just about 1:30 PM when the boys arrived. Karen placed dinner on the table, and everyone sat down. Granny and DJ on one side, Jamie on the end next to Granny, Carl and Karen on the other side across from Granny and DJ.

"I assume you boys helped move some of Bryan's stuff today?" Carl asked.

"Actually," Jamie stated, "Most of it, Bryan says he can get the rest of it in his car Monday morning, and won't be going back to his parents house, ever."

"Maybe Bryan's parents will eventually come around," Carl commented, "it's unfortunate that some people can't let love and acceptance rule their lives, instead of hatred and bigotry! I'm glad that Bryan and Phil have friends like you two, to help them out, I'm so proud of both of you." The boys eyed each other, smiling.

"Oh, Mom, Dad," DJ remarked, "Uncle Steve called me this morning and wants me to baby-sit tomorrow night, as he and Val have a function in the city. I told him I would, but they won't be back until late, like 1:00 or 1:30 AM. Jamie can come over and keep me company after he gets off at 11:00."

Karen, chuckling, "You know that Abby and David like DJ a lot, I think they've adopted DJ like a big brother." DJ grinned.

"I think the feeling is mutual," Carl said, "these two 'kids' were having a lot of fun entertaining the little ones on Christmas Day in the snow, and I enjoyed watching them all have fun together." 

DJ, displaying that infectious smile, "I had a blast that day, and it made me feel like part of the family."

"DJ," Carl remarked, "have no doubts, you are a very much loved part of this family, and always will be."

DJ, suddenly realizing its 2:20 PM, "Mom, thanks for another great meal, if you'll please excuse me, I have to leave for work in about 10 minutes."

Both boys went to the bedroom and changed into their work clothes. They shared a romantic kiss and hug, and went back to the kitchen. DJ gave Granny a goodbye kiss and left. Jamie has another hour, as he and Carl both need to leave about 3:30 PM.

* * * * * * * * * * * *

The cruise ship had set anchor on Thursday at the port of Nassau and most of the passengers swamped the tourist shops, and toured the city of Nassau. Some of them wore their swimwear, and bathed in the multitude of swimming locations, and sunbathed on the beaches, and returned to the ship after dark on Thursday evening.

Friday evening Doug and Joe were in the lounge, sipping mixed drinks, where the disk jockey was spinning a variety of music, trying to satisfy the majority of the passengers. When he sometimes played oldies, Joe and Doug danced together, neither of them into today's sounds.

The deejay made an announcement, "Ladies and Gentlemen, we are honored to have in our presence a very special couple, Joe and Doug, this song is for you!" 

He then played an old Frank Sinatra song that went like this:

Love is lovelier the second time around

Just as wonderful with both feet on the ground

***(at this point, Joe and Doug are on the dance floor, holding each other tightly and drifting to the music)*** 

It's that second time you hear your love song sung

Makes you think perhaps that love, like youth, is wasted on the young

Love's more comfortable the second time you fall

Like a friendly home the second time you call

Who can say what brought us to this miracle we've found?

There are those who'll bet love comes but once, and yet

I'm oh, so glad we met the second time around

[instrumental-strings]

Who can say what brought us to this miracle we've found?

There are those who'll bet love comes but once, and yet

I'm oh, so glad we met the second time around

The deejay spoke again, "I think that song may have a special meaning for these guys, who dated many years ago, then drifted apart. Nearly a year ago, an event happened in their lives, that brought them back together and they tied the knot last Sunday and are on their honeymoon. Congratulations, Doug Kendall and Joe Reynolds, we wish you a lifetime of happiness together." 

The crowd erupted with cheers and applause, Joe and Doug both had tears running down their faces. If they were to consume all the drinks that appeared at their table, someone would need to carry them back to their cabin!

Tomorrow the ship would be heading back to Miami, the last day of the cruise approaching. They are both so happy that they had met, the second time around!

"Joe", Doug asked, "Did you request that song?"

"No I didn't baby, but I'm certain someone gave the deejay a heads up" The only ones who really know our story are Todd and Ryan, and the Captain."

A few minutes later Todd and Ryan appeared at their table, tonight they were dressed casually in cargo shorts and polo shirts, and asked if they could sit with us, and of course we welcomed them.

"Guys," Joe spoke, "there's no way we can put away all of these, (pointing at the drinks) can you help us out a little?" Each of them picked up one and started to sip.

"Joe, Doug," Ryan commented, "Do you guys realize that you're about the most popular couple on this ship? Everyone knows who you are!"

Todd commented, "We can only hope that we're still together, when we get to be your age, and don't have to wait until the second time around."

"If your love is true, love can keep you together," Joe remarked, "just curious, did you guys tip the deejay off, about us?"

Ryan, raising his hand, "Guilty as charged, did you like the song?"

"We'd forgotten about the song," I replied, "but when we heard it, well, it was so 'us' and the second time around, led to marriage."

"With the help of DJ and his boyfriend playing cupid," Joe added, "I've loved this man for 25 years, I'm so happy he is now mine!"

Neither Joe nor I are heavy drinkers, and a couple of hours later we were both way too inebriated. Todd and Ryan stayed with us and walked us to our cabin, helping us to stay on our feet. They even steadied us as we drained our bladders, helped us undress down to our underwear, and into bed. Like loving parents, they tucked us in, and gave both of us goodnight kisses. They left, locking the door behind them. As I mentioned earlier, they were nice kids.

* * * * * * * * * * * *

Friday night when DJ got off work about 9:00 he went over to the pizzeria to hang out and wait for Jamie to get off at 11:00. Anthony came over to DJ and asked how the vacation went, DJ told him it was terrific, but it was also good to be back home. He then asked DJ when the newlyweds were due back, and DJ told him they were expected back on the 22nd of January.

About 9:30 a couple of the female students from the Rainbow Alliance came in and ordered a to-go, and came over and sat with DJ while waiting for their food to be ready. They mostly talked about how great the club's Christmas Party had been. Jamie brought over some silverware from the dishwasher, and DJ and one of the other servers wrapped it, helping Jamie to get off a few minutes earlier.

At 11:00 PM sharp, Anthony let Jamie go, keeping the other server to do the final cleanup duties. DJ and Jamie left, with a large pizza, and followed each other home. Granny had already gone to bed so Jamie, DJ and Karen attacked the pizza. 

DJ has a long day tomorrow, as he is working 10:00 AM to 6:00 PM, then will be heading to Steve and Valerie's to watch the young ones. Jamie is going in at 3:00 and will be closing at 11:00 PM. The boys headed to bed right after they finished the pizza. 

Jamie, setting his alarm for 8:00 AM, "Baby, I hope you don't mind, I'm getting up with you, and while you're working I promised Matt I would go out and spend a few hours with him before I go to work."

DJ, chuckling, "Why should I mind, I'm glad, Matt doesn't have many friends, and I'm sure he'll enjoy the company. Tell him 'Hi' for me." The two boys kissed, and soon fell asleep.

* * * * * * * * * * * *

Saturday morning, Joe and I woke up about 8:30, hung over, and both of us with serious headaches. Neither one of us even remembered leaving the lounge or going to bed last night, but we did wake up together in bed this morning, and in our cabin.

Joe, standing in front of the toilet draining his bladder, "My head hurts, and I'm in serious need of some coffee, are you going to join me?"

"You bet!" I said, "as soon as I release this full bladder and get dressed, I don't think I ever want another drink!"

We got dressed and headed to the dinning room, where they were serving a breakfast buffet. Joe got us cups of coffee, and soon our young friends, Todd and Ryan joined us, both with full plates of food. They didn't even bother to ask us, they just plopped down at our table.

"How are you gents feeling this morning?" Todd asked.

"We've both got some powerful headaches!" I answered, "We don't drink very often, and we didn't handle them very well."

"We noticed," Ryan said, smiling, "You two really tied one on last night!"

Joe commented, "We don't even remember leaving the lounge or going to bed, but we did wake up in our bed this morning, what was strange though, we usually sleep naked, and we woke up wearing our underwear."

"I can explain that," Todd said, grinning, "Ryan and I put you to bed last night, and we felt a little awkward to strip you completely, so we left your underwear on."

"We appreciate your services," I said, "I don't know where we would have ended up if you guys hadn't come to our rescue."

"You know," Ryan commented, "you two are kind of like roll models to us, being older and still in love, can we stay in touch after we all get home?"

"I think we'd like that," Joe responded, "we didn't come on this cruise, expecting to make any long term friends, but I think Doug and I would both like to keep up with you guys, and you really have become friends."

"Look," I said, "we're about thirty some miles from Charlotte, if you ever travel that way, we could maybe hook up for lunch or dinner, heck, we could even put you up for a night or two."

"We're staying at a hotel tonight," Joe said, "our flight back to Charlotte is at 11:00 something Sunday morning, when is your flight back to Cleveland?"
