 In Part 25

Matt (F2M Trans) asks Marie for a date

DJ and Jamie accept Jamal as a friend

A new club member has interest in Jamal

DJ & Jamie teach Matt (Kissing 101)

DJ gets his first cashier trainee

DJ Part 25

On Monday morning, February 5th, DJ and Jamie got up at 7:00 AM to start their school week, and DJ went into the other boy's room and woke Bryan. Somehow the kitchen table seemed a little empty without Granny there, as she had become somewhat of a fixture, and the boys all missed her. (And so does Karen)

The boys reminded Karen that they had a Rainbow Alliance meeting that afternoon, and would likely hang around campus for the afternoon. Also, they would drop Bryan off after the meeting, and be heading to DJ's house for the night. They all left for school about 8:30 AM in Jamie's car.

"DJ," Bryan said, "you've got the most awesome Dad's, Phil and I had a blast yesterday at your house. What you did, making your bed available for us, was above and beyond the call of friendship! That was some of the best sex Phil and I have ever had."

"I know," DJ replied, chuckling, "we all heard you guys reach orgasm, and Jamie and I wondered if we ever make that much noise when we get off. I could tell, the way my Dad's acted, that they both like you guys—a lot."

"Bryan, blushing, "It's too bad that they don't have a spare bedroom, that Phil and I could rent, I know that we'd be very comfortable living there, with them."

"I have an idea Bryan," DJ stated, "Jamie and I always stay at Jamie's house on school nights, and you don't have any classes on Thursday. Do you think you and Phil might like to use my rent-a-bed on Wednesday nights?" Jamie and Bryan are both grinning. 

"Are you serious, DJ?" Bryan asked.

"100% serious, I know my dad's would welcome you, just don't mess up our bed, towels are easier to wash."

"I love that idea, DJ, and I'm sure Phil would also, let me talk with Phil and I'll let you know, I do think you should clear it with your dad's though."

"That's easy, they won't have a problem with it, and would likely enjoy your company, but out of respect, I'll talk with them before I do it. At least you two guys are now used to our Southern Hospinudity!" Bryan nodded in understanding, and grinned.

Jamie called Matt, and made arrangements for DJ and himself to hook up with Matt for lunch today, and reminded Matt about the club meeting at 5:00 PM.

* * * * * * * * * * * *

Matt was already sitting at a table in the cafeteria when DJ and Jamie came in from their computer class for lunch. Jamie waved at them and they acknowledged, got their lunch and joined him.

"How did your meeting with the doctor go?" DJ asked.

"Pretty good, but there is much more to be considered than what I expected. I thought it would be just some surgery to remove the insides of my—boobs, and probably some extra skin—wrong!"

"There are several methods, but she said I was a good candidate for something called Periareolar Surgery, because I don't have really big ones, to start. Also that method leaves the least scars from the incisions. I could end up with a chest that looks a lot like Jamie's!" Matt grinned, and so did Jamie.

"I learned something else," Matt said, "that I'll bet you guys didn't know, did you know that some men can make milk in their breasts?" Both boys shook their heads in disbelief.

"I can imagine me breast feeding a baby," DJ said, snickering, "every time the baby ate I'd be getting an erection!"

"Why?" Matt asked.

"I guess you wouldn't know, Matt, "Jamie explained, "but a man's nipples are very sensitive, and we can arouse each other just by playing with one another's nipples, or sucking on them. Have you thought any more about asking Marie for a date?"

"Yeah, a little," Matt replied, "I still want to, but I wonder what she will do, if I tell her I'm Trans?"

"Come on, Dude," DJ said, "grow some balls, the worst that can happen is that she could say no, and just maybe, if she likes you, you might get somewhere with her, just because you date her doesn't mean you have to fuck her."

"Matt," Jamie added, "if she's a nice girl, she probably wouldn't be led to bed easily, and if she makes the move to get you in the sack, then she's a slut, and you've got an out, you deserve better."

"When do you think we could have another sleepover?" Matt asked, "Maybe this Saturday?"

"Wait a minute," Jamie stated, "who made it a law that sleepovers have to be on a weekend?"

"What are you thinking, baby?" DJ asked.

"Well, we're both off tonight, you work at ten tomorrow and I'm due at four, Matt, do you have plans for tonight or tomorrow?"

"I'm free after the meeting today, until my classes on Wednesday," Matt replied.

Bryan, walking to our table, "Hey Matt, how's it going, dude?" 

Bryan and Matt bump fists, and Bryan sat in the remaining chair, assuming, correctly, that he is welcome. Matt smiles, as he always does when another guy calls him 'dude'.

"Not to bad, I guess," Matt replied, in his new, lower voice, surprising Bryan a little.

"How does this sound," Jamie commented, "After the meeting, the three of us go somewhere and have dinner together, and then we all go to DJ's house for the night."

"That's gonna leave me stranded on campus!" Bryan exclaimed, "with no way home."

"Oh, shit," Jamie said, "revamp, after the meeting, the FOUR of us will go have dinner together, then DJ can ride with Matt to his house, I'll take Bryan home, and come back to DJ's for the night."

"That sounds like a plan," DJ said, "I think Matt and I need to make some phone calls, Matt, call your Mom and tell her you're sleeping over with us, and I'll call Dad and give him a heads up."

"Would you guys consider Applebee's for dinner?" Bryan asked.

They all agreed that Applebee's would be satisfactory. DJ, Matt and Bryan all made phone calls, and Bryan was smiling when he finished his call.

"Hey guys," Bryan said, "I just called my manager and explained the situation, and he said if we put our meal all on one ticket, he'll give us my half off employee discount!"

"That's super cool!" Jamie exclaimed.

"Hold on," Matt stated, "I know you guys are all working stiffs and money doesn't come easy. I'm a little better off, financially, so I'm treating!" Matt excused himself and headed to the men's room.

"Just curious," Bryan asked, "where does Matt sleep, when he's at your house?"

"With us," DJ responded, "we even sleep naked together, and we're all comfortable with it. He's even cool with our Southern Hospinudity!"

Bryan, grinning, "Your Dad's have seen Matt naked?"

"Yep," DJ replied, "and Matt has seen them naked. My Dad's just regard him like another boy, but of course they are aware that he is Trans, and they like him, a lot. Matt just explained some of his upcoming surgery to us, that he is planning to have done during the summer, by fall he should be just as flat chested as any of us."

When Matt returned, it was nearly 2:00 PM, and the boys all had three hours before the Rainbow Alliance meeting. They all decided to hit the books, and knock out their homework. About 3:00 PM a girl walked in, got a Pepsi, and settled at a table way up in the corner, and was looking at us. She caught Matt's eye, and winked at him, smiling, and caused him to blush a bit.

"Guys," Matt said, "see that girl up in the corner, the pretty one, with the red blouse?"

"Yeah, we see her," Jamie said.

"That's Marie," Matt said, "I'm going to go and talk with her, here goes nothing." Matt left our table and walked to Marie's table.

"Hi Matt," Marie said, smiling, "please have a seat."

Matt, sitting down, "Marie, can we talk?"

"I'd love to," Marie replied, "Matt, do you think I'm attractive?"

"I think you're very pretty, Marie," Matt answered, "and I'd like to get to know you better, but there are some things you probably need to know."

"I think you are quite handsome, Matt, so, tell me, I'm all ears."

"Marie, do you know what a transitional person is?" Matt asked.

"I think so," Marie answered, "a person that realizes they're in the wrong body, and needs to change their body to match their sexual identity?"

"How do you feel about them?" Matt asked.

"I think everyone has the right to be themselves, Matt, is this your way of telling me that you're a Trans Man?"

Matt, looking down at the floor, "I guess, I wanted to ask you for a date, but I didn't feel it was fair, unless you knew that I'm Trans."

Marie, taking Matt's hand in both of hers, "Now I need to tell you a little something about me, I'm almost 21, I've never dated a boy, and I'm still a virgin. I think I would consider you a safe date."

"I'm not sure what you mean," Matt replied, "by a safe date?"

"Matt," Marie asked, "do you—this feels so weird, I hope you don't think this too personal, but do you have—a penis?"

"No, not yet," Matt answered, "that's a few years and a bunch of surgeries away, but I will have one, someday."

Marie, smiling, "That's what I mean by a safe date, most boys want to date, then have sex, and I'm not ready to give up my virginity yet. That's why I've been afraid to date any boys, I was pretty certain that you were Trans, and I told you that you are my kind of boy, and I do like you."

"I've never dated a girl, or kissed a girl," Matt said, "but I'd like to, and I want to learn what it feels like to kiss a girl."

"So," Marie remarked, "are we going to just leave this dangling, or are you going to ask me for a date?"

"Marie," Matt asked, "how about a movie Friday night, and then pizza at Anthony's afterwards?"

"You're on, Matt!" Marie exclaimed, smiling, "do you realize this is a first date, for both of us, and I'm really excited. Maybe we should exchange phone numbers?"

"That would be appropriate, I think, and I'll need your address, so I can pick you up."

Marie and Matt exchanged phone numbers, and then shared a hug. Marie had a sprint in her step as she left the cafeteria, waving at Matt as she left. Matt returned to our table with a smirk on his face.

Jamie, grinning, "I think Matt's got a girlfriend!"

"I wouldn't say that," Matt replied, still with that smirk on his face, "but Matt has a date with Marie on Friday night, I'm taking her to the movies, and then we're going to have pizza at Anthony's. It's actually a first date, for both of us."

"I hope," Bryan commented, "that it's just the first of many dates."

At about 4:45 the boys gathered up their books and backpacks and headed to their cars, placing them inside, and then back into the building, heading to room 122. Shortly thereafter they, along with about 40 other students, filed into the room, many sitting on the tables, and some in the chairs. At 5:00 PM Sandy took the podium.

"Welcome everyone," Sandy announced, "to the February meeting of the Rainbow Alliance. It's always a pleasure to introduce new members to our organization, today, let's roll out the red carpet and welcome Irwin 'Rusty' McKeever to our fold. Rusty, can you tell us a little about yourself?"

"I go by Rusty, I recently turned 19, and started here at this college last fall, so I'm in my second semester. Back in high school I always felt a little awkward around the girls, and was much more comfortable around the boys. I dated a few girls, but nothing ever lasted more than a couple of dates. I've actually never had any sexual experience, with anyone."

"Although I've never committed to a sexuality or gender identity, I think I am probably gay. I'm hoping I can maybe find support in this group, to help me understand myself better, and figure out just who and what the heck I am."

"Thank you Rusty," Sandy stated, "let's give Rusty a warm welcome!" 

Most of the room stood up and gathered around Rusty, a few shaking his hand and most giving him a loving hug.

"We had a rather light turnout," Sandy stated, "at the January meeting, likely due to the unusual time of month, and it was also the first day of the new semester. I'm glad most of you made it today. Is there any old business?" No response was noted.

"Any new business?" A hand went up and Sandy recognized Trina.

"The weather is going to be warming up, I think we should have a Gay-Day picnic, some Saturday or Sunday in April," Trina suggested, "for our members and their significant others."

DJ, standing, "Trina, put that in the form of a motion, and I'll be glad to second it."

Trina, "I make a motion we have a Gay-Day picnic, some Saturday or Sunday in April, for our members and their significant others."

DJ, smiling, "I second that motion."

Sandy, "The motion has been made and seconded that we have a Gay-Day picnic, some Saturday or Sunday in April, for our members and their significant others, all those in favor?"

At least 40 hands were in the air.

"Carried!" Sandy exclaimed, "unanimously, OK guys, you know what you have to do. Find some possible locations, get a date, and we can make the final decision at the March meeting. Any more new business?" After a couple of minutes, Bryan stood.

"I make a motion we adjourn this meeting," Bryan said.

"I second it," Gerry stated.

"If there are no objections," Sandy stated, "this meeting is now adjourned."

Everyone got ready to leave.

Bryan and Matt were just kind of hanging around, waiting for DJ and Jamie to be ready to leave. 

Rusty, extending his hand toward DJ and Jamie, "fancy running into a couple of my volleyball classmates here! I don't know any of the others in this club, and I was sure happy to see you."

"I think," Jamie said, "that we were pleasantly surprised to see you here, we figured all the other volleyballers was probably straight as arrows. Rusty, these are two of our closest friends, Matt and Bryan." Rusty shook hands with both boys.

"Like I said, in my intro, I'm not quite sure what I am, I just think I'm gay, maybe somebody in this group can help me discover me, and then I'll know," Rusty said, smiling, "Are you guys like, an item?"

"We've been together for almost a year," DJ said, "If that's what you're asking." 

Rusty, nodding, "Yeah, I was just curious."

Jamal approached Jamie and DJ.

"Guys," Jamal asked, "Got a minute?"

"Sure, Jamal," DJ said, "what's up? See you Thursday, Rusty." Rusty waved and walked out of the building.

"I told you my parents were setting up a meeting with the pastor, and we had that meeting, Friday evening. He asked me if I was really certain that I was gay, and I couldn't lie to him, I admitted that I knew I was, and I couldn't help it. I broke down, and cried on his shoulder, and he consoled me, and said he understands me."

"And then he told me a story, that really shocked me, about his younger brother, Robert. He and his brother were raised about the same way I was, with bible thumping parents. Pastor John was already a minister when his 14-year-old brother came out to his parents that he was gay, and his parents kicked him out of the house. Pastor John took Robert in, he said that his love for his little brother was a lot stronger than religious doctrine."

"Pastor John told me that he had researched everything he could find on homosexuality for six months, and came to the conclusion that it's not a choice, and there is no cure. It's just the way God wanted some of his children to be, and that he has fully accepted Robert's sexuality. He even met some of Robert's high school boyfriends, and let them sleep together sometimes, in his house."

"Robert graduated salutatorian in his class, as an openly gay teenager, went to college, and is a Certified Public Accountant. He got close with another student, while still in college, and they've been together for about four years now, they both have decent jobs and live together. They're considering getting married and have asked Pastor John to possibly handle the ceremony."

"Wow!" Jamie exclaimed, "that's a very touching story, and I think I like Pastor John, not so much as a pastor, but as a man with a real heart, and capable of understanding. Do you know if he has talked with your parents, since your meeting?"

"Yes," Jamal replied, "Pastor John had a consultation with Mama and Papa after church yesterday, in his office. I'm not certain what he told them, but their attitude changed. Last night at dinner, when Papa said the blessing, he asked God to guide me, and use me, however he saw fit. That God's chosen road for me might not be the same road that they would have chosen for me, and they placed my future and safety in God's hands."

"This morning Mama asked me if I had a romantic interest now, and I told her that I didn't, but that I wanted to find a nice boy to love, and love me and she smiled a little. All the anger and disgust they had demonstrated at the police station was gone, and she told me that she and Papa both loved me very much."

"I told her about the Rainbow Alliance, and that we had a meeting today, and I wasn't certain what time I would be home tonight. I hope, more than anything else, that you guys can accept me as your friend."

"I think that's a given, Jamal," DJ said, "I had a rather strange experience Saturday night. I got off from work at 6:00 PM and this feeling of loneliness swept over me. Jamie wasn't scheduled off until 8:00, Dad would be off at 9:00, Bryan sometime later, and Phil at 11:00 and Matt was on the way back from Atlanta."

"I realized how small our circle of friends was, and I actually wished I had your phone number, Jamal, and I would have called you. I finally walked into the pizzeria to hang out and wait for Jamie, and Jamie's boss put me to work for the next two hours, and saved me from going totally berserk."

"I'd be happy to give you all my number," Jamal said, "If I can have yawl's in return."

Jamal exchanged numbers with DJ, Jamie and Bryan, the latter two headed to Jamie's car, and Matt and DJ headed to Matt's car, and Jamal headed toward his own car. Jamal noticed that Rusty was leaning against an older Ford 150 pickup truck parked just a couple of spaces away from his own car.

"Hey!" Rusty exclaimed, motioning Jamal to come closer to him. "I'm Rusty, what's your name?"

"Jamal, Jamal Robinson, and you announced your name in the meeting."

"Are you—gay? " Rusty asked, apprehensively.

Jamal, snickering, "Very much so, why?"

"Do you have some time to talk? We can sit in the truck."

"I guess so, I'm not in a rush," Jamal answered.

Jamal is thinking, is this white boy coming on to him? He's wants a boyfriend, or at least someone to be close with, but has never considered going white. What the hell, Rusty only wants to talk. Rusty climbed into the driver's seat and Jamal got into the passenger side.

"Jamal," Rusty stated, "I'm a total neophyte, I really have no idea what gay guys even do, you know, with each other. Do you ever—you know—like get yourself off?" Rusty made an open fist.

Jamal, smiling, "Jack off? Show me a young man that doesn't masturbate, and I'll show you a liar." Rusty smiled.

"Do you have a boyfriend?" Rusty inquired,

"Not at the time," Jamal replied, "but I'm available, if the right boy comes my way."

"So, just what do guys do, with each other?"

"I don't know, kiss, make out, and just do what comes naturally."

"I've never kissed a boy, or really even thought about it."

"Would you like me to kiss you?" Jamal asked.

"OK, I guess that would be alright."

The two boys both slid toward each other on the bench seat and Jamal put his hands around the back of Rusty's head and planted his lips on Rusty's, kissing his lips. Rusty's lips parted, and Jamal pushed his tongue into Rusty's mouth. Rusty pulled back for a few seconds then pushed forward, allowing his own tongue to enter Jamal's mouth.

Both boys tongues explored one another's mouths, and they both felt their cocks growing inside their jeans, Rusty's pushing against the material and Jamal's sliding down inside of his pant leg, reaching toward his knee. Rusty pulled his tongue back and started to suck on Jamal's succulent black lips. Suddenly Rusty pulled away completely, sliding his hand into his pants and trying to adjust his erection
