 There are a few "planned" events in the offing, including:

The Rainbow Alliance's picnic, sometime in April

Randy and Daryl's wedding on May 20th

The end of the college spring semester on May 25th

Jamal and Rusty's All Gay, clothing optional Pool Party, Date TBA.

Other unknown possibilities: 

Will Joe's sister, Julia, contest Aggie's Will?

Will Damion and Brandon move to North Carolina?

Will Marie accompany Matt when he has his upper surgery?

Will Phil make the decision to return to school?

How will Fernando affect the Card's softball season?

Note: All sexually involved characters in this story are Eighteen years of age or older. There is a young, gay boy, 15 year old Fernando, who's father has kicked him out (which happens way too often in real life) and CPS (Child Protective Services) have placed him with foster parents, a married straight couple. There is no direct, or implied, sexual activity between Fernando and any other character in this story.

* * * * * * 

DJ Part 38

Monday morning, March 26th started out like any typical Monday. Karen, DJ and Bryan were sitting at the table having coffee, and Jamie sipping on a glass of apple juice.

"Mom," Bryan said, smiling, "Phil and I heard back from the rental agent Friday, we've been approved for the apartment! We need to go in Saturday, sign the lease, and get the keys. Phil and I are moving in on Sunday, isn't that awesome?"

A bittersweet feeling swept through Karen. Happy that the boys were going to have their own place, but sad that she was losing half of her brood. Having Phil and Bryan around was extra work and responsibility but at the same time, she liked having them around. This change would definitely upset her schedule.

"I'm happy for you guys," Karen stated, "and we're glad that we could help you get on your feet. Please don't forget about Carl and me, stay in touch, and you guys are always welcome to stop by and visit us, whenever you can. I think Carl and I almost feel like parents to you guys, and we care very deeply for both of you."

"Mom," Bryan replied, his eyes getting wet with tears, "you and Dad have been much better parents to us than my own parents were, but we're adults now, and we have to move forward with our lives. Phil and I really appreciate what you and Dad have done to help us, and I promise that we will stay in touch with you."

"Bryan," Karen said, "we may not be biologically related, but you and Phil will always be part of our family. I better get some breakfast cooking, or we'll be a starving family!" Karen turned her attention to the stove, and started to prepare breakfast for her brood.

"Bryan," Jamie spoke, "DJ and I will be going to his Dad's house for lunch today, and spending the night, so you will need to drive to school separately today."

"That's cool," Bryan replied, "my manager asked me to come in early today anyway, I'll just go in to work right from school, and start my shift at 2:00 PM. I guess I'll see you guys tomorrow night."

Just as Jamie and DJ were about to walk out the door to head to campus, DJ's phone rang. Glancing at the number he answered.

"Hi, Dad," DJ answered.

"Good morning, Son," I said, "I just wanted to check and find out if you and Jamie are planning to have lunch with us today."

"We are, Dad," DJ replied, "we were just leaving for campus, but, look for us about 12:30, OK?"

"See you then," I replied, "I love you both!"

"We love you too, Dad, see you soon, bye."

It was only 8:30 AM and Joe and I were still naked, and still just having coffee together. I looked out of the window and noticed the grass was starting to get high.

"Joe," I commented, "it was just about a year ago that DJ cut this grass for the first time, and he has kept it cut ever since. It's been a very eventful year, and so much has happened since then."

"Doug," Joe stated, "with the exception of Mom's death, we've had a really good year. DJ has matured so much, evolving from a scared, unloved, kid in the projects, to the incredible young man he is today. He is still quite fragile, and I know he has not completely recovered from the loss of his Granny. If you'll get us some breakfast, I'll put on some old clothes and tackle the yard. I don't want to pile that chore on DJ right now."

"Thanks, Joe," I said, "breakfast on the way!"

After Joe and I ate, Joe got the key for the shed and went out to start on the yard. I did up the dishes, and made some macaroni and cheese to have with bar-b-cue sandwiches for the boys (and our) lunch. The boys are both off from work on Mondays, Joe and I are both scheduled at 3:00 PM today. It was relatively cool today, Joe finished the yard about 11:30 and I don't think he even broke a sweat. He came in and took a shower, and dressed in his duty uniform, even though Mike wouldn't be picking him up until around 3:00 PM.

* * * * * * 

Monday afternoon at 3:15 the bell rang, and all the softball players changed into their practice gear and headed to the diamond.

"OK guys," Coach Fritton said, "you've made a lot of improvement but you still need some practice. Today and Thursday is it for practice, our first game will be this Friday night, and it a home game."

"This box (pointing) has the uniforms for you first year players. Before you guys get too anxious to head home after practice today, make sure you get your uniforms, as you will need them Friday, for the game. When you get home tonight, you'll probably want to put them on, and make sure they fit properly. The trousers are a bit snug, and some of you that may be hung a little bigger may want to wear jockey straps underneath, rather than underwear, but that's your discretion."

Coach then divided the guys into Teams A and B, and they started a practice game.

After practice, the new guys picked up their uniforms, and they all returned to the locker room to change into their street clothes and go home. Fernando could hardly wait to get home and proudly model his uniform for his Mom and Dad.

* * * * * * 

Jamie and DJ arrived about 12:30, dropped two large WAWA subs on the table, and carried their backpacks into DJ's bedroom, and then returned to the kitchen. 

"You didn't want the lunch I have prepared?" I asked.

"Of course we do, Dad," DJ replied, grinning, "but that won't keep us until breakfast. We'll be getting hungry again about six or seven, and then we'll eat those subs." DJ stashed the subs in the refrigerator.

We all sat together for lunch. We all had two BBQ's and a serving of Mac'n'cheese. The little dab of Mac'n'cheese left in the pan I divided between the boys, and placed the pan in the sink to soak.

"Has anyone heard anything from Damion or Brandon?" Joe asked.

"The last I heard," DJ said, "was the text I got, letting us know they were safe and home in Frisco, and I called and told you that."

"Just wondered," Joe said, "Doug and I haven't heard anything either."

"What have you guys got planned for today?" I asked.

"We've got some homework assignments due Wednesday," Jamie said, "We'll probably get that knocked out, and maybe just chill, until bedtime. Baby, when you go to work in the morning, can you drop me off at Mom and Dad's, I want to spend some time with them, and my car is there."

"Sure, Jamie," DJ replied, "we'll have to leave kinda early, cause I'm due to open with Gloria at 10:00 AM. Tomorrow is my long day, open to close. Dad, who did you get to cut the grass? I did plan to do that, I just hadn't gotten around to it."

"Joe was kind, DJ," I said, "and took that weight off your shoulders, THIS time!"

DJ, looking at Joe, "Thanks, Dad, you did a good job, I'm proud of you." Joe and I both grinned.

DJ and Jamie went into DJ's room and worked on their studies, and I headed to the bathroom, took my shower, shaved and got ready for work. I needed to leave about 2:30 PM and Mike would soon be here to pick Joe up. The boys finished their homework a little after 4:00 PM.

"DJ," Jamie said, "let's go to bed."

"Jamie!" DJ exclaimed, "it's only 4:00 PM."

"I don't mean for the night, baby," Jamie said, "with all that we've had going on for the last month, we haven't had any intimate time together." Jamie, starting to cry, "Please, DJ, I need you, we need each other, come on, please!" It's nearly breaking DJ's heart to see Jamie cry.

DJ, rising from the chair, "You win, Jamie, I can't stand to see you cry!"

Both boys started to undress each other, stepping out of their jeans, boxer-briefs, pulling off each other's shirts, removing their sneakers and socks, and falling into bed, their arms locked around each other, and their lips meeting in one of the most passionate kisses they had ever shared. Their erect cocks were even kissing, sharing precum on one another, and sliding against the other.

Jamie slid the door on the headboard and retrieved the tube of personal lube, and DJ observed it.

"Are you going to fuck me?" DJ asked.

"I wasn't planning to," Jamie replied, "but I can if you want me to."

"I saw you get the lube out," DJ said, "you must have a reason."

"Oh, I do!" Jamie exclaimed, grinning.

Jamie took the cap off the lube and squeezed a rope of it onto the length of DJ's erection and then one onto his own. He capped the lube and set it aside then covered DJ's body with his own, aligning their cocks. Jamie then started to rub his erection against DJ's, and within seconds DJ picked up the rhythm and matched Jamie's movements.

"We haven't done this—in forever!" DJ exclaimed, "I'd almost forgotten how sensuous it feels. I don't think I'm going to last very long."

"Me either," Jamie said, "we'll probably shoot a record amount of cum."

The two boys continued to grind against each other for a few more minutes, both feeling their orgasms building.

"Baby," DJ said, "I'm about to blow my load!"

"I think I'm right with you," Jamie gasped, "Fuck, I'm cumming!"

"So am I!" DJ exclaimed.

Rope after rope of the white substance shot from both of their cocks, into their pubes, bushes, onto each of their cocks, and between their abdomens. Both boys, feeling the slippery goo between their bodies, started to giggle. DJ, being on the bottom, was wearing the bulk of their combined orgasms but Jamie was also quite well coated.

"I think we are probably both in need of serious showers," Jamie said.

"Not yet!" DJ exclaimed, "I don't want to separate yet, I'm too obsessed with our closeness. How can something be so messy, and still feel so wonderful!"

Jamie, snickering, "I'm not sure, but if that goo is anything like glue, in a half an hour we might not even be able to separate. If I had to be glued to someone for life, I would want that someone to be you! I love you so much, and I have a constant fear of losing you."

"Jamie," DJ lamented, "I've just gone through a terrible trauma in the last few days, I don't think I would have made it through, if you had not been by my side. You were my guiding light, and my support, thank you. And I don't think you could lose me, I'm glued to you!"

After another half-hour of closeness, they finally exited the bed, and showered together. Returning to the bedroom, they looked at the bed.

"Talk about cum stains," DJ said, "I know Damion and Brandon didn't leave those behind, and they're even still wet! I think we need to wash those sheets." Jamie nodded, grinning.

The boys didn't bother to dress the rest of the day. While the sheets were washing and drying, they did up the lunch dishes, and cuddled on the sofa in the den, just relaxing, touching, and caressing. They totally agreed with each other that the sex they had shared today was some of the best they'd ever had, and they were both well satisfied.

"Jamie," DJ said, "Thank you for dragging me into bed today, and you were right, we do, and did need each other. I was just to dumb and thick headed to realize it. I love you so very much."

About 8:30 the boys took the clean sheets from the drier and made up their bed, then decided to have the subs. They split one of them, and it was all they felt like eating, although they did have some ice cream afterwards. They were still sitting at the table, naked, and nursing sodas, when I got home, about 9:30 PM.

"Dad," DJ said, right after both boys gave me a loving hug, "we only ate one of those subs, why don't you and Dad split the other one. Jamie and I are about to hit the sack."

I thanked them, and they headed to their bedroom. I decided to wait until Joe got home, about 11:00 PM and we could split that sub together then. I can't help but marvel at these two young men, they're always so generous, I doubt there is an ounce of selfishness in either one of them.

* * * * * * 

Aside from the fact that DJ had to leave a little earlier than normal because he was taking Jamie to the Seldon home on his way to work, Tuesday was pretty much a normal day. Joe and I both worked our normal Tuesday shifts. We would both be off on Wednesday. DJ and Jamie normally stay at the Seldon home on Tuesday nights, as they have classes on Wednesday morning.

* * * * * * 

Wednesday morning, March 28th, Joe and I slept in and woke up to an empty house about 10:30 AM. After coffee, and a leisurely breakfast, we finally put some clothing on about 12:30. The only thing on our Agenda today was to do some grocery shopping, so we would have adequate food for the weekend, when the boys would be around.

Just before we were ready to leave the house, the mail carrier knocked at the front door, with a Certified letter for Joe that needed a signature. Joe signed for it and then opened it. It was the check from Aggie's life insurance for $2500.

"Are you planning anything special for that money?" I asked.

"I sure am!" Joe exclaimed, "That will nearly pay off one of my high interest credit cards, and that will be one monkey off my back. I'm going to stop at the bank and deposit this on way to the Supermarket."

We did stop at the bank, Joe made his deposit and we did our grocery shopping, returning to the house about 3:30 PM.

* * * * * * 

Joe and I had just finished our dinner of pork chops, sauerkraut, and mashed potatoes when his phone rang. Joe glanced at the number.

"Shit, it's Julia, I'm going to give her a taste of her own medicine." Then "Hi Julia, what do you want?"

"Joe!" she asked, "What is this bullshit?"

Joe, grinning, "I don't know, you're looking out a different window than I am, and I don't see any dung around here."

"Don't try to be funny," she said, "I just got a check for a measly $2500 and I know damn well Mom has an estate worth six figures!"

"Woman, pull back that pitchfork," Joe countered, "those checks we got today are only the proceeds from her little $5000 life insurance policy. You and I were named equal beneficiaries on that policy."

"So when do we get the rest of our inheritance?" Julia asked.

"I'm not sure who the WE is that you're referring to, but if you're planning on a windfall from her estate you're going to be highly disappointed. Mom left behind a very complicated clusterfuck of an estate, and the attorney says it will take months to settle it," Joe said.

"I've seen her will," Julia stated, "it should be pretty straight forward, sell off the assets, and split 50/50 between you and me."

"Julia, I didn't know, until last week, that Mom had re-written her Will, and the newer version is dated January 24th of this year. Her old Will is null and void, and the primary benefactors are now her grandsons. You and I will reap little from her estate."

"How interesting!" Julia exclaimed, "I need to protect my inheritance, so I guess I need to come out there and contest that Will!"

"Great!" Joe exclaimed, "You didn't have the decency to even come and pay your mother last respects, but you're willing to waste OUR time and YOUR money to contest her Will. That's your prerogative, and I can't stop you from contesting, but I don't think you can win." 

"We'll see about that," Julia stated, "I guess I will see you in court." She hung up.

"Wow!" I exclaimed, smiling, "One can just feel the love between you and Julia, It sounds like she is going to contest the Will."

"Not only is she a homophobe," Joe said, "she's a selfish, egotistical bitch! That Will is watertight, she can't win."

* * * * * * 

Thursday morning, while Liz and Fernando were waiting for the school bus, Danny rode up on his bike.

"Hi stranger," Liz said, "long time no see!"

"Hi Liz," Danny answered, "Fernando, I wanted to show you what else my Dad and Mom gave me for my Birthday." He reached in his pocket and pulled out a new I-phone. "Now we can keep in touch easier, what's your number?"

Fernando told Danny his number and Danny stored it into his contacts, then called Fernando. Fernando's phone rang, just once.

"Now you've got my number, Fernie," Danny stated, "do you know how to store it in your contacts?"

"I do," Fernie replied, smiling, "I'm adding you now." Fernando stored it as 'Danny W' and pressed 'SAVE' then turned his phone to 'Vibe', as students were required to keep phones on 'Vibe' during school hours.

"I gotta get back to the house," Danny said, "call me whenever you can." Danny gave Fernando an affectionate hug around his shoulders then hopped on his bike and rode away. The bus arrived and Liz and Fernie shared their seat, as usual.

Liz, speaking very softly, "I think you two are in love."

"We're just very close friends, Liz," Fernie replied.

"Fernie," Liz said, "I was watching both of your eyes, the looks you both gave each other were looks of love, pure love. I was half expecting you to kiss each other."

"We don't do that in public," Fernie stated.

"Oh," Liz said, grinning, "so you admit that you do kiss, just not in front of anybody. That's the beginning of a loving relationship."

"OK," Fernie said, "so we've kissed a couple times, can we talk about something else?"

"I don't think we have time," Liz said, "we're almost at school now."

Thursday afternoon about 5:15 PM practice is over and Ron and Fernie are in the locker room changing back into their street clothes, along with all the other team members.

"Well, Fernie," Ron said, "tomorrow is the big day, first game of the season. We're going to whip the Cougar's asses!"

"I hope you're right," Fernie replied, "I'm going to bring my uniform to school, and just hang around after school tomorrow, it'll be busy at the pizzeria and I don't want to bother Mom or Dad to bring me here for the game."

"Wait a minute," Ron said, "I have a better idea. I will have Dad's car tomorrow night. Can you be uniformed and ready at 5:00 PM, and be at Liz's house?"

"I guess so," Fernie answered.

"Cool," Ron explained, "I'm picking Liz up at 5:00 cause she wants to watch us play, and then we'll hit the bleachers after we win, and watch the baseball game. You and I need to be here about 5:30 for warm-up, and there's no reason you can't ride here with us. After the baseball game, we can all go to the pizzeria together, how's that sound?"

"Ron, I don't want to intrude on you and Liz," Fernie stated.

"Fernie!" Ron exclaimed, "you won't be intruding. You and I are friends and teammates, and you and Liz are close friends. Liz and I can find somewhere to make out after we leave the pizzeria. I don't have to take her home until midnight, and we'll be spending much of the weekend together, anyway."

"Thank you so much, Ron," Fernie replied, "you're a great friend." The two boys bumped fists, and headed to the activity bus.

Fernando, exiting the bus at the shopping center, "See you at 5:00 tomorrow." Ron smiled, and gave Fernie a thumb up. Fernando entered the pizzeria, dropped his backpack into the party room and then walked over and shared a hug with Antonio.

"Dad," Fernando said, "our first game is tomorrow evening, we're going to beat the Cougars. I need to remember to take my uniform home tonight, because Ron is picking me up at Liz's house at 5:00 tomorrow afternoon to go to the school for the game."
