 This story is dedicated to Tolyk, who inspired this story and to Svenskaflicka, who desired it enough for me to write it.

This story is a vignette - pure unadulterated sex scene. PWP at its finest. I do write story-based erotica (see my profile), but this is just down and dirty smut.

Don't forget to send feedback. Your e-mails are my only payment and the best way I'll improve; I am thinking of writing another M/M story so if you tell me what you liked, then I'll do more of it next time. Don't forget to vote as well (Five's a nice number, hint hint).

***

I stand in the doorway, watching him sitting there, facing away from me. He stretches languidly and I watch with a smile on my face, as he flexes with a leonine grace. Muscles ripple in a delightful pattern down his back and I can't stop my gaze from resting on his tight arse. I can't stand another second of watching and I stretch out my hand to brush his cheek, cupping my palm to feel the taut muscle. He turns his head at my touch, a smile curving across his face like cream across a saucer.

He twists fluidly to face me and my touch turns to caress, pulling his head to mine for a kiss. His stubble rasps against mine and I drag my fingertips across his cheek, thrilling in the rough texture. His tongue flickers across my lips and I drop down onto the bed next to him. The taste of his lips on mine makes my heart flutter and I can feel a wave of heat flow through me. My cock stirs in my trousers, stiffening as his mouth presses against mine, his fingers in my hair, pulling me roughly to him.

His hands move to my shirt, ripping at the buttons and nearly tearing the material in the urge to undress me. It won't come off soon enough for me and I shudder as his hand runs over my chest and down to my flat stomach. I run my fingertips up his back, enjoying the feel of fluid muscle twisting under my hands as he kisses me again.

The heat rising in my body is mirrored in his and I can feel his skin burning against mine as both of our breathing starts to quicken. My cock throbs in the constraints of my boxers and I press myself to him, trying to maximise our contact. His hands are fumbling with the button of my fly, tugging at my jeans and I wriggle to allow him to undress me without breaking our contact. His lips press against mine and we move around so I am pressed back against the wall, completely naked now, my cock bobbing free between us as our bodies writhe together. His strong hands trap my wrists, pushing me roughly back against the wall. I push against him, but he's too strong and I shudder as he tightens his grip. He starts placing kisses over my pecs, his mouth nibbling and sucking across my chest and I can feel my cock twitching in the air, longing for his touch.

He dives in for another predatory kiss, rough and fierce, before he moves back, leaving me breathless and overwhelmed. He's too far away now; I physically need to touch him. My desire's burning through my chest and I step close again, placing my hand on his chest as my lips hungrily seek his.

My hand grazes across his stomach and he gasps as I slide my fingertips down his body, entwining in the thin line of wiry hair on leading down from his navel. It is my turn for the swift movement and my teeth nip at his neck as I push him back to the wall. My hand touches his dick and I can feel the groan vibrating as I kiss the base of his throat. My thumb brushes along the vein on the underneath before my fingers wrap around him, squeezing and releasing. I can feel his heart thumping as his cock throbs in my hand. I cup his balls with my other hand, feeling him pulse to my rhythm, knowing his entire body is thrilling to my movements. He groans, a wordless moan of ecstasy escaping his throat as I start to slide my hand up before pulling down, squeezing then releasing to slide up again.

His head rolls back and I move just a bit faster, my own cock twitching with the knowledge of the sensations I'm causing. His breathing is little more than syncopated gasps now, hoarse groans punctuating every twist and slide of my hand. I nip the base of his throat again, licking and sucking at his chest. His hips buck with the motion of my hand, desperately seeking relief from the sensory overload that is overcoming him. All of his muscles tense, locking his body out as his cock throbs in my hand, sending sheet after sheet of white silk spurting over my chest and stomach, then he relaxes, every muscle flowing back to lithe grace again. He softens in my hand and I watch his chest rise and fall as his breathing slows.

I kiss him a last time, running my tongue over his lips as I savour the strange sensations of kissing a man. Then I turn around to face the dishevelled blonde woman who is collapsed on a chair opposite. Her face is flushed and her breasts are heaving as she struggles for breath. Her clothes lie in a heap where she flung them and her eyes are still firmly fixed on us. I place my hand on his chest, enjoying the feeling of his muscles and smile at her.

"Do anything for you?" I ask her.

***

Hope you enjoyed that. Feedback and advice always gratefully received; I'm considering writing another story in this category and appreciate knowing what you did and didn't like about the story. Unquantified praise is always good too! The Earl