 Michelle didn't expect one of her best friends to act this way. The two of them just sat in the living room, watching their favorite show with a paid subscription. Michelle minded her own business until, all of a sudden, Joseph began to sit a little closer on the sofa. The twenty-one-year-old woman only thought of it as a harmless gesture. It took her a few minutes, however, to fully comprehend the situation.

Joseph, who was two years younger than her, no longer had his eyes on the television screen. The blond-haired man gave her a little smile. She smiled back for a quick second before regaining her concentration on how the newest episode would end. As if it didn't give any clearer signals, Joseph moved even closer. He now sat just a few inches away from Michelle, who had been forced to ask a simple question in an innocuous manner.

"Is there something I need to know?"

Joseph laid a hand on her thigh, and she allowed it. "You never looked so wonderful tonight."

Michelle would never dare put her friendship up for demolition. As a handsome and innocent man, Joseph did the right things for her. But his slow advances only bothered her to the point where she had to grab his hand and move it away from her thigh.

"I'm sorry, but I don't think we should go there."

She could see the abrupt look of disappointment in his eyes. "What's wrong? I thought we were made for each other."

Michelle had to tell the truth. "I just don't see the two of us going the extra mile. Look, you're a good friend. But I don't think we should ruin our friendship like this."

Joseph sighed. "Those aren't the right words that I want to hear right now."

"I'm sorry, but it's true. I think it is best that we just stay this way and not spoil it with some bedroom action."

Joseph looked away and muttered something under his breath, but Michelle was still able to hear it clearly. "So she's gonna put me where I don't want to go. That's just great."

Michelle wanted to say something, but a knock on her front door prevented her from breaking the silence between her and her blond friend.

"I'll get it."

She got up from the sofa and answered the door. As soon as she opened it, her smile immediately returned. Oscar, her other best friend, had just arrived. The black-haired man was the same age as Joseph. Once more, he never expressed any aggressive intentions whenever she spent fun times with him. She led him inside and into the living room where Joseph turned off the TV screen.

Joseph waved his hand at Oscar. "If you'll excuse me, I'm gonna grab something to drink in the kitchen."

Michelle could sense the monotonous nature in Joseph's voice. He didn't look at her at all when he left the living room.

Oscar asked, "Is he going to be okay?"

Michelle sat down beside him. "He's going to be fine. He's just a little heartbroken about something."

Oscar raised an eyebrow. "What happened? Did something happen to him at work?"

"No, it's just that I told him that we shouldn't really ruin our friendship."

Oscar slowly nodded. "Oh, I see. You just see him as a friend and nothing more."

"To him, truth really hurts."

Oscar sighed. "That's too bad."

Michelle noticed her black-haired best friend edging just a little closer to her on the sofa. She looked down to see Oscar, who had his eyes on the blank TV screen, moving his hand from his pocket to her thigh.

She seized his hand and pushed it away. She chuckled. "Please don't make the same mistake that Joseph did."

Oscar appeared a little stunned by her quick thinking. "I thought we'd become the perfect match. We share the same hobbies, the same tastes in music, and the same politics. Why more would you want from a guy like me?"

Michelle tried to soften the blow. "That's the thing. I want nothing more from a guy like you. I'd say yes, but I'm not comfortable with the two of us going to the next level."

Oscar sounded confused. "So you're just going to leave me hanging like this?"

"Look, I like you a lot. But if we go into my bedroom right away, it'll feel like I'm doing it with my brother. And that's what it is. You're like a brother, and not a fiancée."

Oscar closed his eyes and shook his head. "Now I know how Joseph is feeling right now."

"Hey, I shouldn't be the only woman that you're interested in. There are plenty of them in college. Heck, there are plenty of other women here in Anaheim. You just have to find them in a grocery store or a movie theater. It's that simple."

"Yeah, but they're not as fascinating as you are. Ever since I met you, I thought we had the perfect connection. I thought we clicked."

Michelle didn't have to put it so bluntly, but she did, anyway. "Apparently, you thought wrong. I'm really sorry for ruining your chances."

At that moment, Joseph returned from the kitchen empty-handed. He looked at Oscar, and then at Michelle.

"Did you just break his heart?"

Michelle shrugged her shoulders. "He had the same feelings. I just had to refuse."

"Welcome to the club, Oscar. Feel free to grab a beer in the kitchen and drink your problems away."

Oscar stayed seated on the sofa. "I'm too depressed to drink."

Michelle didn't want her apartment to be occupied by two heartbroken men. "Joseph, have a seat. It's time we straighten things out."

Joseph sat down beside her. Michelle now sat between her two best friends, and both of them looked at her with certain curiosity.

"Now, I'm not going to change my mind. But I do feel that we should settle this once and for all."

Oscar asked, "And how to we do that?"

Michelle felt so glad that he asked that question. "I can tell that the two of you wanted something else from me. It's okay to admit it. We're grownups."

Joseph slid his fingers across his hair. "Yeah, I'll be the first to admit it."

"Well, I still believe that we should remain as good friends. But I don't want to leave you hanging. I have an idea."

"What is it?"

"You don't have to choose me to get your boners working. You can do it without me."

Oscar replied, "I don't think it'll be the same."

Michelle smiled. "No, but it'll be a lot better than you expect."

"What should Joseph and I do?"

Michelle stood up from her seat. "All I have are simple instructions."

She made sure that all of the venetian blinds in the living room remained closed. "Both of you stand up."

Joseph and Oscar followed her first instruction. They stood up and faced her. They held the same height, wore the same cargo shorts, and kept the same healthy exterior. Other young women who join the herd and chase these two men, but Michelle still wouldn't be one of them.

Joseph asked, "Now what?"

Michelle rubbed her chin with her finger. She liked the way her two best friends looked at the moment.

"Move away from the sofa."

She made them move to the center of the living room.

"And now, take off your clothes."

Oscar chuckled. "Is that even necessary with you here?"

"Just do it. You won't regret it."

Joseph and Oscar took off their clothes and flung them into two respective corners. Michelle examined their bare bodies from top to bottom. What she discovered below their waists made her want to keep moving her new experiment forward.

"Those are some nice looking dicks you have there."

Joseph remarked, "It would be even nicer if I let you have it."

Michelle shook her head. "No, but I'm sure Oscar would like to have it."

Oscar took one step back. "I'd rather run across the street naked than take his own dick."

"Don't feel shy. It's going to be okay. Look at each other. Don't you think the two of you look great?"

Joseph and Oscar stared at each other. They looked down at each other's hidden talents.

"I'm impressed, Oscar."

"I feel the same way about yours."

Joseph asked Michelle, "So is this the point you're trying to make?"

Michelle stepped closer. "That's right. You don't have to fuck me to feel good."

She dropped to her knees and grabbed both cocks. The two young men must have expected her to shove them inside her mouth, but she did something else entirely. She told them to step closer to each other. They followed her exact words, and now the two men stood just a few inches away from each other. This was what Michelle wanted.

She rubbed both bulbous tips together. She could hear Joseph and Oscar gasp at the touch of their personal possessions. She pressed them against each other slowly at first. She made both tips rub together with her delicate hands.

"This feels good, doesn't it?"

She looked up to see Joseph and Oscar feeling entranced by her management of their pricks. Heavy breathing became more common as she began to press their entire erections against each other. The two young men closed their eyes as she led their psyche into uncharted territory. Their foreheads touched, which looked as though they were about to share a kiss from her angle.

Michelle wanted it to happen. "Doesn't it feel good?"

Oscar smiled. "Yes...yes, it does. Keep going. I like feeling Joseph's cock."

Michelle let out a light chuckle. "You want his cock. We're going in the right direction."

She used her fingers to caress both dicks while their tips touched in a gentle manner.

She whispered, "Go on, Oscar. Show him that you love this feeling. You know what to do."

Oscar looked at Joseph with a smile. "Yes, I do."

The black-haired man grabbed Joseph by the neck and gave him a kiss. Joseph didn't break it just yet. The blond man grabbed Oscar by the shoulders and kept the kiss going without any interruptions. Michelle admired the view from below. This would be the first time that her two best friends did something different, and this sort of change made her step back a few paces.

She sat back down on the sofa and watched both men kiss each other with their hungry lips. She could see Joseph's right hand sliding down Oscar's bare chest and reaching for his cock. It took only a few seconds for him to grab Oscar's cock and sliding his fingers up and down at a slow and steady speed.

Oscar whispered, "Oh, now that feels good."

Michelle eagerly awaited Oscar to do the same. And when he did, he used his right hand to grab hold of Joseph's long hard prick. He repeated the same movements with his fingers. And now, both young men stayed close while stroking each other's dicks. They pointed both tips upward as if to anticipate an eruption on their faces. They hugged even as they didn't stop their kisses.

Joseph kissed Oscar's neck, which prompted a soft gasp from his close companion.

"Stay close to me. I want to squirt with you."

Michelle sat in silence and observed the private display taking place in her apartment. Staying faithful to her conscience could easily pay off is Joseph and Oscar continued to please each other in this particular way. Watching them kiss while caressing each other's cocks made her entire body shiver. She could feel a tingling sensation from within her heart and soul. She cared about her two best friends very much, and helping them in the most unusual way possible made her temperature rise a few degrees higher. She licked her lip when the two men gained a smooth acceleration from down below. Their fingers experienced a smooth quickening when the gasps grew more frequent at the same time.

Oscar's voice began to tremble. "Give me a good reason why I should enjoy this."

To which Joseph replied, "I already did."

They stopped kissing and observed their mutual handiwork. Their fingers, unwilling to cease owing to some undying testosterone, confirmed their rapid rhythms. Their hands matched with their preferred speed.

Oscar chuckled. "Let me feel it."

"Only if you do the same for me."

Their bodies remained close as their mechanisms faced a proper dispatch in the near future.

Michelle couldn't help but encourage them to keeping moving forward. "Don't stop it. Don't give in to second thoughts. Jerk them off and feel the warmth."

She quickly tapped her fingers on her thigh. Watching Joseph and Oscar expressing a common interest, thanks to an original idea of hers, made her want to dig deep into her own crevice and push herself to a more zealous sensation. Her best friends provided a good visualization of benefits with no authentic contribution. Without hesitation, she thrust her hand deep into her pants and found the spot that she searched for.

She gasped. The touch accompanied the visuals in the right way. She caressed her crevice at a quicker speed. The tingling sensation inside her body drove her to keep her eyes on her naked best friends and nothing else. Their ejaculations would soon commence and she didn't want to miss a second of it. She trembled at the sight of Joseph and Oscar pointing each other's cocks up north and carrying on with their steady vibrations. The popular feeling from below Michelle's waist assisted in adding a little more excitement in her own apartment.

Oscar moaned. "I can feel it. It's about to pop!"

Joseph squeezed his eyes shut. "We'll do it together. Right now!"

Michelle waited for the exact moment. She didn't stop stroking her soft spot until both men initiated their long-awaited eruption. Even with the nonstop motion of their fingers, both cocks spit out several ounces of their thick warm milk. They landed right on Joseph and Oscar's cheeks, torso, and abdomen. The fountains proved to be an enchanting sight by Michelle, who dug deep into her inner canyon and reached her own orgasmic apex. She finally relaxed her body even when more and more of Joseph and Oscar's contents gushed out of their shafts and landed on their main frames. The remaining semen dripped down and landed on the two men's fingers. They let go and observed their hands.

Michelle could see a thin trail sliding down their fingers. She laughed. "You should clean them up right now. I don't like it when my carpet gets sticky."

Oscar appeared transfixed by his latest creation. "Allow me."

He seized Joseph's wet fingers and gave them a lick. He sucked the semen right off of the skin and made sure not leave behind even a little residue. Michelle enjoyed the sight of her best friend cleaning her other best friend. She kept on encouraging herself even after the eruption.

Oscar licked his lips when he finished. Joseph gazed at his fingers, which had become free of cum, replaced by Oscar's warm saliva.

Oscar remarked, "I never thought your cum would taste very interesting."

Joseph grabbed Oscar's hand. "Now it's my turn."

The blond fellow repeated the action by licking off the thick juice from off of his companion's fingers. He did it without hesitation, which convinced Michelle of their eagerness to keep their experimentation hardy enough for the rest of the night.

She pulled her hand out of her pants and stood up from the sofa. One look at Joseph and Oscar's nude bodies and she let out a deep sigh of relief. The semen that clung on to their chest and abdomen slid further down and stopped at their legs. The fluids completed their work of art.

She remarked, "I was right. It's a really good idea."

Unfortunately, both young men didn't have the same opinions. Something in their minds snapped them back into reality. They pushed each other away. Joseph and Oscar looked down at their bodies with their eyes wide open.

Oscar seemed speechless while Joseph tried to wipe away the bits of semen on his hands with the sofa. "What the hell just happened?"

Michelle laughed. "You did it without me. Isn't it fun?"

Oscar yelled, "No, it wasn't!"

"You looked like you enjoyed it for a minute there."

"I didn't...Maybe I did...I know I shouldn't...Wait a minute, I'm a little confused here."

He and Joseph never looked more perplexed at the outcome. They stood naked in front of Michelle with nothing but human grease attached to their skin.

Joseph cleared his throat. "I think it's time I take a shower."

Oscar was about to step into the hallway. "I'll do it first. I look like a fucking mess."

"No, let me do it first. It's my idea."

Suddenly, Michelle had an idea of her own. "Why don't both of you take a shower at once?"

Oscar blurted, "That's crazy! Look, just let me use the bathroom so I could wash all of this off of me, please?"

Michelle shrugged her shoulders. "Joseph, you're gonna have to wait your turn."

Joseph couldn't say a word. Oscar dashed across the hallway and slammed the bathroom door shut. It took Michelle and Joseph to hear the water being activated behind closed doors.

Joseph shifted his gaze back to the trail of fluids sliding down his chest and abdomen. Growling, he asked Michelle if he could use a roll of paper towels.

She pointed at the entryway to the kitchen, "You can have it. It's yours."

He exited the living room and entered the kitchen. Michelle followed him from behind and watched him use several sheets of paper towels to wipe away the sticky substance that he didn't want to put up with. He did it with such frantic motions. Cleaning himself with a swift tempo gave Michelle a good impression of what he felt about her solution.

She leaned against the wall, "Don't feel so terrible."

Joseph, still unclothed from top to bottom, threw the used paper towels in the trash can. "I think I have a good reason to feel this way. I'm not that kind of guy. I shouldn't have done it with Oscar."

"We're still good friends, aren't we?"

"What do you mean?"

"I like the two of you, but I'm just not that into you. That doesn't mean we can't be best friends. You don't have to do it with me. You can do it with Oscar."

Joseph shook his head. "I can't be too positive about that."

Michelle tried to be supportive to her own cause. "It'll feel very strange at first. But you'll get the hang of it."

"I don't think I can look at Oscar the same way again."

She patted him on the shoulder. "It's going to be okay. Trust me. You'll see that it's a good idea as time flies."

* * *

She couldn't tell if Joseph and Oscar saw each other again ever since their previous session. One week had passed, and she sent both young men a text message saying that she wanted them to come by at her place to hang out. It took each of them at least an hour to send a reply. As soon as both men said they would be willing to come by at her apartment, she smiled. She hoped that they had changed their minds about their changed relationship.

When Saturday night approached, Joseph had been the first to pay her a visit. He didn't say much while he let her take charge of the remote control. She selected one of her newest favorite shows on Netflix and turned it on. Joseph sat on the sofa in silence with his arms folded across his chest. Michelle couldn't decipher his blank stare. His neutral expression became a mystery. The blond-haired man kept his eyes on the screen when there was another knock on the door.

Michelle knew who it would have been. She opened the front door and led Joseph inside. He seemed to be the exact opposite of Joseph. He had trouble answering simple questions. His current vernacular had been infected by a state of anxiety. He showed the classic signs of nervousness: brief pauses after every sentence, keeping his eyes away from Michelle, and so on. He followed her in the living room and didn't say anything to Joseph. Both men sat on the left and right side of the sofa. Sitting right at the center, Michelle observed her two best friends. They didn't seem very thrilled to be here. Oscar looked anxious while Joseph didn't look to be interested in being here at all.

She asked, "Is there anything you guys would like to do right now?"

Joseph shrugged his shoulders. "I'm just gonna sit here and watch TV."

Oscar raised a finger. "I'm gonna go get a drink."

Michelle nodded. "I've got some soda in the fridge. Go right ahead."

Oscar left for the kitchen right away. Michelle and Joseph didn't say anything else after that. They continued to watch the TV show in silence.
