 I was all ready for a quiet night at home when someone knocked on the door. I threw Kyle a look, and he shrugged. He was holding a bowl of popcorn in one hand, and a beer in the other. I stepped around the couch, and opened the door. Standing there, wearing a smile that said 'please don't hate me' was Dan, one of Kyle's good friends. I realized that my night alone with Kyle was gone.

"Hey, Dan," I said.

"Hey. Kyle said, um, it would be cool if I kind of hung out with you guys, tonight."

"Yeah, sure." I said. "No problem." I turned and gave Kyle a look that said "Yes, problem." He shrugged in response. 

I ducked back into the kitchen, and found two bottles of beer cracked open already. 

Kyle stepped around me, and gave Dan a quick hug and a single strong pat on the back "Yeah," he said. "Dan's been having problems with—"

"Karen," Dan said. 

"Right. Karen. I figured he could use a good night out. Or, you know, in," he said, holding up his beer.

"I hope I'm not—" Dan started.

"Not at all," Kyle said. "Right, Kevin?" He puckered his bottom lip. 

"Right," I said, giving up. I grabbed both bottles of beer and handed one to Dan. 

"Thanks," he said. I nodded back at him. 

"So, we were just about to watch a movie," Kyle said.

"Sounds good," Dan said.

The movie was good. About fifteen minutes into it, I finally gave up being bitter about Kyle's surprise, and found myself having a good time. I let myself fall into Kyle, my shoulder falling beneath his armpit and my head resting on his shoulder. Halfway through the movie and my third beer, I realized that I couldn't keep my eyes off of Dan. He was sitting on love seat across from us, relaxed and leaning back. He was wearing shirt with cut-off sleeves for our college soccer team; he and Kyle were both on the team together. For shorts he was wearing a matching pair of athletic shorts that hung loosely over his legs. I couldn't help but stare at his crotch, wondering if I could make out a hint of anything beneath the nylon fabric. Each time he shifted in his seat my eyes darted back between his legs, hoping for something to shift and give itself away. 

The movie ran for almost an hour over its runtime, as we kept stopping it for beer, popcorn, and piss breaks. Near the end, I started feeling bold from the beer and I let my hand fall on Kyle's crotch in a way that looked relaxed and natural but was actually completely calculated. I expected Kyle to move it, but he didn't. Instead, he lifted his hips a little, shifting in his seat but definitely pushing against me. It didn't take long for his dick to stiffen beneath my hand. I looked up at him, but he kept his eyes on the television, so I looked over at Dan and watched him for a few minutes longer.

Kyle turned his head to look down at me, and whispered:

"Hey," he said. I looked up at him. "Will you do me a favor?"

"Sure," I said.

He moved in closer, until his lips were right against my ear. "After the movie, I want you to give Dan a blow job."

"What? No way," I said, no longer quite whispering. Dan looked over at us. I slid my hand off of Kyle's dick.

Kyle lifted a finger to his lips. "Shh," he said. "I'm serious."

You have got to be fucking kidding me, I thought. Kyle and I had been together for a little over a year, and had been nothing but monogamous. 

"I really want to see you do it," Kyle said.

"Dan's straight," I said.

"Dan's a drunk frat boy."

"You watch too much porn."

"He told me he wanted to try it."

"Bullshit."

"Last night. Over beers." Kyle had been out last night with Dan. "That's why I invited him over, tonight."

"You're such a dick."

"I know you wanted tonight to be just us, but I also know you're kind of into Dan."

"I am not."

"Fuck you, dude. You haven't taken your eyes off of him all night." 

"Yeah, that doesn't mean I want to blow him."

"You totally do. And I want to watch you do it." He grabbed my hand and dropped it onto his crotch again. Rock hard. 

"Everything all right over there, guys?" Dan said. I pulled my hand free again.

"We're cool," Kyle said. "Kevin just doesn't care for the movie, I guess." I punched him lightly in the stomach.

"Oh," Dan said. "Right on."

Kyle looked down with me, his eyebrows raised: Well?

I stood up, and ducked into the kitchen. I reached into the fridge to grab another bottle of beer. As I closed the door, I turned to find Kyle standing right behind me. He stepped closer, pushing me against the fridge, his hard dick pushing against my crotch. He kissed me, his mouth tasting like warm beer. He slid a hand between us, and cupped my junk.

"Like," he said, "I really want to see you do it." He kissed me again, without giving me a chance to protest again. "I want to watch you crawl in between his legs and slide his shorts down. I want to watch you nuzzle his nuts like you do mine, until his dick gets hard, and then I want to watch you blow him." Kiss. "I want to see you make him cum." Kiss. "Please." Kiss. "For me?"

"You're such an ass," I said.

"And you fucking love me for it."

"I do, yeah." 

"So you'll do it?"

"He's your friend. If he freaks out and runs, you're the one who loses someone. Never mind that no one from the team will ever come over again, lest you sick your boyfriend on their dicks."

"Yeah? I'm willing to risk it. And I bet he's not the last teammate who comes over. I bet a few more stop by from time to time."

Kyle gently pushed me out of the way so he could grab another beer. As I stepped around him, he gave me a quick slap on the ass. 

As I slid back onto the couch, Dan looked over at me. "Everything cool?" he said, and I wondered how much he knew about what we were talking about.

"Everything's cool," Kyle said, stepping into the room. "You need another beer?"

"I'm good," Dan said.

I didn't see much more of the movie. At some point Dan had slid even further down on the love seat, and hooked a thumb into the waistband of his shorts, pulling them down ever so slightly. The exposed band of flesh was enough to reveal a small patch of his pubic hair, and I realized that I was actually going to do it. As the film rolled on and faded to black, my heart started to thump harder in my chest. While the living room was still dark, Kyle leaned in and lightly bit my ear, then kissed my neck.

"I love you," he said.

"I love you, too."

Dan stood up abruptly, stretching his arms into the air. His shirt lifted up higher and I could see a happy trail of hair leading down from his belly button into his shorts. He groaned as he stretched. His groan faded into an "Oh, god. I have to piss."

He disappeared into the bathroom, and I realized how badly I needed to piss, as well. I stood up and rounded up the empty beer bottles that had multiplied across the living room. I dropped the lot of them into the recycling bin in the kitchen, and as I was stepping back out, Dan was coming out of the bathroom. He nodded at me, and I slipped past him. 

As I stood in front of the toilet with my dick hanging out from my fly, I realized that my hand was shaking: I was nervous. Sure, I had fantasized about Dan, before, and what it would be like to have sex with him. Shit, I had done the same with nearly everyone on Kyle's team. With every hot guy on campus, actually. Here it was, though, the opportunity. Kyle telling me I could, telling me he wanted me to. I looked down at my dick and willed it to get on with it. 

In the living room, Kyle and Dan were sitting again, talking. Dan was sitting straight up, Kyle leaning toward him with his elbows on his knees and a bottle of beer dangling in his hand between his legs. I sat down next to Kyle.

Dan smiled at me, and let a hand fall on the arm of the love seat. "Look," he said. "I just wanted to thank you for having me over. It was good to kick back, and relax." He leaned forward, as if to stand up.

"Wait a sec," Kyle said. "You're not heading out, are you?"

"Well," Dan said.

"It's still early, and we still have a ton of beer. I figured we could stay up, hang out, get drunk. You could even crash here, if you'd like." 

"Aw, man, I don't want to impose."

"No," I said. "It's cool. We'd love to have you stay."

"Okay. Cool. Sure."

Kyle stood up. "Here, I'll get you a beer," he said. Dan nodded at him, and smiled. 

"You've got yourself a good guy, there," Dan said. "He's a good friend."

"I know," I said. "He's a lot of good things."

"Yeah? I guess I can see that."

"What are you guys talking about?" Kyle asked, stepping back into the room.

"What a swell guy you are," I said.

"Ah. A topic worthy of conversation. Continue." Dan laughed and shook his head, accepting the open beer from Kyle's outstretched hand. He took a deep swig and leaned back on the couch, his knees spreading wider open as he did. 

Kyle sat down next to me.

"Really, man," Dan said. "I can't thank you enough, for going out with me last night, and letting me hang tonight."

"Danny boy, you're welcome to hang whenever you'd like."

"Thanks," Dan said. "Karen's been driving me crazy." He set his beer down and leaned back, crossing his arms back behind his head, and closed his eyes. His thick arm pit hair called out to me. 

Kyle elbowed me lightly in the ribs. I threw him a look, and he gestured toward Dan. I took a deep drink of my beer.

I stood up, and Dan opened his eyes. I stood in front of him and almost froze. He sat up, scooting further back in his seat. The look he gave me was somewhat unsure. Curious. But excited. Hopeful. I slid to me knees in front of him. He looked from me back to Kyle, and whatever expression Kyle gave him seemed to help him relax. He leaned back.

I reached up and put my hands flat on his stomach. He inhaled deeply. I tented my eyebrows, and he nodded, exhaling. I let my hands slide down a little, and slipped them beneath his shirt. His stomach was flat and strong, his skin warm. I hooked my fingers into his waistband, and he lifted his ass off of the couch. I pulled his shorts and underwear down, jerking them over his cock. His penis bounced, and then rested on his balls. I continued to pull his short down over his thick, hairy thighs, past his knees, and down his calves. He leaned forward, and started to pull off his sneakers.

"No, leave them on," I said. I pulled his shorts off around them. 

Dan leaned back, and spread his legs open wide. His penis didn't show much in the way of growth, but I'm sure he was as nervous as I was. I leaned forward, placed my hands on his thick thighs, and gave one of his nuts a tentative lick. His sack tightened up, and his leg quivered a little bit. I gave him a second, more thorough lick. As I bathed him with my tongue, his penis made a slow rise. It wavered a little as it filled with blood, and fell forward until it rested on my nose. It was thick and warm. I took the movement as encouragement, and pulled one of his nuts completely into my mouth. His dick continued to climb up up my face until it pointed straight up and fell back on his stomach. It had nearly doubled in size.

I slid a hand up and wrapped it around the base of his cock. I gave it a slow stroke, and watched his nuts pull up and then fall back down. It was a beautiful erection.

Dan sat forward and pulled his shirt up and over his head, letting it drop on the floor beside me. He leaned back, and scooted his ass further toward the edge of the cushion. I kissed the base of his cock and then pulled it down slightly so that it was pointed toward my mouth. I kissed the tip of it, and let it slide into my mouth. The head of his cock flared, and I went down on him as far as I could, letting his dick push against the back of my throat.

"God damn," Dan said.

I pulled back, and then started bobbing my head, using my hand to stroke his dick with each up and down movement. My saliva quickly covered his cock. Dan started to thrust his hips a little, pushing his cock further into my mouth. I pulled my mouth back, and continued stroking his dick with my hand, letting my fingers slide up and over the head of his cock. 

I turned to see Kyle sit down next to Dan, rubbing his own crotch. He smiled at me, and I leaned forward and swallowed Dan's cock again. He pulled down his shorts and his hard cock slapped against his stomach. His bare leg rested against Dan's. Dan didn't seem to mind. Kyle stroked his erection and watched as I went down on Dan. I used my free hand to cup Dan's testicles. My own erection was straining against my briefs, held tight behind the zipper of my shorts.

Dan moaned, his hips making small thrusts as I continued to swallow his dick. He was breathing hard, and he moaned to himself. His legs were starting to sweat against my forearms.

I looked over at Kyle. His arousal was apparent everywhere. His face, his flushed chest, and his leaking erection. He stroked his cock in time with my own rhythm on Dan.

Dan let his hands fall from behind his head. One landed on Kyle's bare thigh, the other on the back of my head, his fingers sliding into my hair. He started to push my head down on his cock, holding me still as he pumped in and out of my mouth, his ass completely off of the cushion. 

"God," he said, "I'm so close. This feels so fucking good."

"I told you, man," Kyle said.

Dan thrust his cock harder and harder into my mouth, and I felt his nuts tighten in my hands. "I'm so close," he said.

"I want you to cum on his face," Kyle said.

I pulled Dan's cock out of my mouth and tightened my grip on it, stroking him faster. He gasped and then bit his lower lip, and his cock pulsed and a streak of cum cut across my nose, and my cheek and dropped down on to the carpet. His second shot hit the other side of my nose, and I thrust my tongue out to catch it as it slid down on my face. His third and fourth felt harder than his first, splashing against my face.

"Holy shit," Kyle said, and then let out his telltale grunt that signaled his own orgasm. I slid the head of Dan's cock back into my mouth and let the remainder of his load slide out onto my tongue, and looked over at my boyfriend as he ejaculated all over his bare chest. He gave his dick a couple of quick shakes, flinging hot white cum onto his legs and the carpet, grunting louder. A small string of cum landed on Dan's hairy thigh. 

Dan's legs quivered, and he fell completely back onto the love seat's cushion, his softening cock sliding out of my mouth.

Kyle slid down off of the couch and took my face in his hand, and kissed me hard. His tongue slid into my mouth and then out and across my face, licking Dan's load off of my cheeks and nose. His hand went down to my crotch, popping the button open and unzipping my fly. He jerked my briefs down and grabbed my cock as it bounced free. He continued to kiss me hard, stroking me quickly. His breathing was heavy. The taste of Dan's cum was strong in my mouth. Kyle slapped a hand hard onto my chest, and pinched my nipple between his thumb and forefinger. 

"Oh, fuck," I said, my lips still pressed hard against his. I pulled away and leaned back, my ass falling against my calf muscles. Kyle slid his hand down into my pubic hair and pressed it hard against my skin. The pressure felt good, and I started to cum. My ejaculate laced out, streaking against his still half-hard cock, and into his pubic hair. A shot slashed upward splashed beneath his belly button. I fell forward, leaning into him as he gripped my cock harder, holding it tightly as he knew I liked it. The last shots of my orgasm dribbled out and pooled on the floor between our knees. My heart was thumping hard in my chest. 

Kyle let out a small laugh, and I smiled. He kissed me again, tenderly this time.

"I love you," he said.

"I love you, too," I said.

Kyle placed his hand on my shoulders and used me as support as he stood up. Dan was laying back on the love seat, looking completely content. His penis had softened completely and hung across his testicles again, a small white drop of cum still spread across his piss slit.

"That was fucking great," he said.

"You're welcome," I said. I leaned forward, and kissed him on the knee. I placed my hands on his thighs, and stood up. My dick waved in front of me, still at half-mast. 

"Can I touch it?" Dan asked, nodding at my cock.

"You can do whatever you want."

Dan leaned forward, curious. "I've never touched another dude's dick," he said.

"There's a first time for everything," Kyle said.

Dan reached out, and touched my penis gingerly. He gave it a slow stroke. "Feels... different." He closed his hand around it, and gave it a couple more strokes. He let it go, and fell back again. He looked at my slick cum on his hands. "Huh," he said.

Kyle wrapped his arms around me from behind. His soft cock pressed against my ass. He kissed my neck. "Thank you," he said.

"My pleasure," I said.