 We finished playing video games about 11 pm, and set the controllers down. I begged him to let me stay the night, but he wouldn't let me. He said that while we could do that eventually, he didn't want to rush what we had. I looked down, but he gently stroked my cheek and said, "Maybe next time." I got in his car and rode back to my dorm. I quietly crept into bed, being careful not to wake up my drunken roommate as he slept it off in the upper bunk.

The next morning I slept in late, until almost 11 in the morning. I had one message on my phone, from Jack. He told me that he had a great time last night and couldn't wait until I came over next. I texted him back "me too" with a winky face. I hoped he would understand what that meant. I spent the rest of the weekend studying, getting ready for class, and waiting until the next time I could go over. Jack had a busy week planned, but he hoped we could get together on Thursday or Friday.

Jack and I texted back and forth every day in the early week, mostly just pleasantries and small talk. Finally, on Wednesday, he texted me and said he had an hour for coffee if I could get myself down to the coffee shop. I leapt out of my chair and rushed out of class. Another good reason to sit in back. I got on the bus and rode down to the coffee shop, and found him sitting in the corner again.

I grabbed my coffee and sat down. He smiled at me, asked how my day was going, and gently rubbed my leg with his under the table. I smiled back, gently drawing circles on the table with my finger. He gently brushed his hand with mine and smiled at me as we made eye contact. He looked at me, and said "I have a question for you." I looked up expectantly, waiting to hear what he had to say. "I know this is probably not the place you would choose to have this conversation, but this is really important. You are not just talking to me for sex, right?" 

I looked up at him, and said "Definitely not. I don't even know how to do any of that stuff." My face turned bright red as my voice trailed off at the end of the statement.

He smiled at me and nodded as he looked down into his coffee. He looked back up, "What do you know about?" 

I looked confused, "About... Like... Sex?" 

He nodded, "Yes." 

I looked away for a second, "Just what we did at your house the other night. I mean, I have jacked myself off a couple of times, but I don't really know what I want." 

He stirred his coffee. "How about this then? What do you think you would like to try?"

I stammered, "I mean... I guess, I would like to try everything? I'm not really sure." 

He chuckled, "That's ok. I can probably help you with some of that. How about this? You. Me. Friday night. A movie, and then maybe back to my place for a nightcap?" I beamed as I nodded my head yes, unable to speak, still blushing from earlier.

The rest of the week flew by as I waited for my next date. On Friday, I showered, put on a nice dress shirt and some pants, and waited for my ride. He picked me up right at 7, just like he said, driving a rag-top jeep with the top down. I got in the car and we rode to the movie theatre, exchanging greetings and small talk. He asked me, "So what movie do you want to see?" 

I listed off a couple of movies, and then placed my hand on his thigh and pleaded, "But I would much rather go to your place and see that show." 

He smiled. "We will, after the movie. Hold your horses, bud. We are just getting started."

We got to the theater, got two tickets for the new action film, and sat in the back and held hands the whole time, my cock straining against my pants the whole time. Finally, the movie was complete. We walked back to his jeep, got in, and he started it up and drove back to his house.

He walked in in front of me and put his keys on the counter. I walked in behind him and closed the door, and then was wrapped up in a tight hug. The hug quickly turned into a kiss, his tongue slipping into my mouth to touch my own. He pulled away slowly, "So what should we do now?" 

I smiled up at him, "Well, I have an idea." 

He smirked and looked down, "What do you think?" 

I looked up, "I want to try what you did to me the other day."

He looked down and smiled. "What did I do to you the other day?" 

I looked up, blushing nervously, "You know, the thing you did with your mouth?" 

He looked at me, "You want to suck my cock?" 

I said, "Sure," smiling excitedly, my legs shaking. 

He looked down, a fire burning in his eyes, "Then say it." 

"Say what?" I asked. "That you want to suck my cock." 

I whispered nervously, "I want to suck your cock." 

He laughed. "Say it louder." 

My voice cracked as I said "I want to suck your cock." 

He smiled, "Good enough." He reached down to unbuckle his belt. 

I slipped down to my knees, and reached my hands up to undo the button on his jeans and unzip him. He rested his hand on my hair and slipped his jeans over his ass and down to around his ankles. I smiled and reached up to undo the button off of his boxers, until he laughed and said, "You can just pull those down too." I smiled and pulled them down, unveiling his rock hard cock, jutting out to greet my face.

I reached my hand out, gripping it around the base and stroking it slowly. After a few tugs, I moved my mouth closer and excitedly looked up, hoping I was doing everything ok. He rested his hand on my head again and gently pulled me closer. I opened my mouth, only taking in the head as I got my first taste of cock. It was warm, and filled my mouth as it jammed into the side of my cheek. I pulled back, just holding the tip in my mouth as I tried to focus on stroking his cock and moving my mouth. Either his cock was bigger than I had dreamed, or maybe my mouth was smaller, because my mouth had never felt so full.

As I moved up and down on his cock, he began to softly moan and moved his hand back down to move my head a little faster on him. As he continued to moan, he added "Lick my balls" in between moans. I pulled my head totally off and tried to find a way to get around him to get to his balls, and stuck my tongue and touched them with the very tip of my tongue. He chuckled, "You can lick the shaft too if you want." I looked up at him and smiled, and then moved my tongue up the base of his cock and let my tongue gently ride the underside of his cock. I slowly pushed his cock back into my mouth, and his hand returned to guide my head even a little faster on him than before.

After what felt like minutes of sucking and stroking, he moaned out "I'm going to cum," and I pulled my face off. As soon as I pulled away, a thick stream of cum shot out and hit me on the nose and dripped down to my upper lip. The next stream got me in the forehead, and a third stream came out on my shirt and got on my jeans. A large final stream went just over my shoulder and onto the floor. He breathed heavily and looked down, softly saying, "You can clean it off if you want." I looked up smiling, and put my mouth back on and taste his cum. It was slightly salty, but also a little sweet and warm, a taste that quickly became my new favorite flavor.

After I finished cleaning him off, I pulled back and stood up. He leaned over to kiss me and I felt his tongue in my mouth once more. As he pulled away, he whispered, "Did you like that?" 

I smiled and said "Yes, I really did."

He let go of me. "So what should we do now?" 

I leaned against the counter and said, "Why don't you tell me? This is all new." We laughed together and he leaned against the island in the kitchen.

"Well, let's see. I can pull my pants up, and we can go play video games, we could go cuddle in my bedroom and watch a movie, or..." His voice trailed off. 

"Or what," I asked expectantly. 

"Well..." as he walked over behind me, "There is something else we could try." His hand gently brushed my ass as I felt his breath on the back of my neck. I jumped as I felt his hands brush me, then tried to relax. 

"What is it?" I whispered nervously. 

Seemingly not hearing me, he said softly "You got a cute butt." I felt a shiver all over as he softly grabbed my ass, lifting it up gently and letting it fall back down.

He quickly jerked away as he felt me shiver again. "I'm sorry, are you ok with this?"

My voice cracked again as I said "Yes, it feels good." I was so nervous. 

He leaned in and whispered in my ear, "You like a man playing with your butt?" I nodded my head, unable to speak. "Why don't I get these jeans out of my way?" He reached around my front and unbuttoned my pants, unzipping them and gently pushing them down around my ankles. He grabbed my ass again, this time a little more firmly, squeezing my left cheek a little as he stood behind me. He slowly let go, and whispered, "Why don't we go to my bedroom?" I started to shuffle, and he chuckled and said, "Just kick those off, you won't need them where we are going." I let my pants slide off of my feet and walked into the bedroom.

As we walked into his room, he shut the door behind him and began to unbutton his shirt. I turned around, my cock hard between my legs. He smiled and said, "If you want, you can bend over the bed." I smiled and slowly bent over, my chin resting on his bedspread. He walked up behind me and gently spanked me. Surprised, I let out what could only be described as a yelp. He quickly pulled back, nervously asking, "I'm sorry, did I hurt you?" 

I whispered, "No, sorry, I'm just nervous."

He slowly rubbed my back and my ass. "Well, I'm sorry, I'll be a little gentler." He slowly reached back down to my ass, slowly spreading my cheeks. A cold breeze slipped into my crack, and a nervous shiver traveled up my spine. One finger pressed up against my tight asshole. It rubbed around the edge, never entering but just circling. Finally, he took a deep breath and kissed my back. "Do you mind if I put my finger in?" I nodded my head no, and moaned again as he pushed into me, just pushing his finger in up to the first joint. 

My hole clenched around him as he stopped pushing. "I know this is hard, but you have to relax a little or I'm not going to be able to do this." He pulled out and gently rubbed my back with his other hand. "I know it feels a little weird, but I am going to try to go slow so it isn't so much pain as it is just different. I want you to enjoy this."

I smiled a little, "It's ok, let's keep trying."

He pushed his finger back in, this time going a little deeper. I tried to calm my mind, hoping to relax so he could push a little deeper. After about 30 seconds (that felt like 5 minutes) he was able to push it in a little deeper. He got his index finger in up to the knuckle, and I moaned as I felt him wriggle inside of me. "Does this feel good?" I moaned out as his finger swirled and hit what I would learn later was my prostate. "I'll take that as a yes." I felt his middle finger brush up against my hole. 

"Is it ok if I stick this one in too? Are you still feeling ok?"

I moaned, "Oh yes, Jack, please." His second finger also slowly pushed in, stretching my hole. This time I felt a little pain, and I whimpered a little. He slowed down, but the finger kept coming, only stopping every so often to allow my ass to stretch a little more for him. Soon, he had both fingers all the way in. He then slowly started to move his fingers in and out. I screamed with delight, the pleasure coursing up my body as my cock poked harder into the bed. After a few minutes of this, he pulled them out and stood up behind me. I felt his thighs brush up against mine, and he spoke, "Did you like that?" 

I looked behind me, "Is that all you want to do?" He looked at me. "Do you want to be done for tonight?" 

My face instantly shot down. "Well, I was hoping..." my voice trailed off. 

"Do you want me to do more?" He asked.

I nodded, unsure of what to say. He smiled, "I won't make you say what you want me to do to you. This time at least." He winked. I reached over to his dresser, pulled out a condom and some lube, and put the condom on himself. He brought the lube over, and began to coat my asshole in it, spreading it around with his fingers. 

Unable to see, I asked "What is that for?" 

He smiled, "This will hopefully help me..." He struggled to find the words for a second, "Access you a little better." I smiled and rested my chin back on the bedspread. I felt his hands spread my cheeks once again, and his condomed cock poke back at my hole. "Are you ready?" he asked. 

I whispered yes, and gently grinded against him a little.

The next moment is a feeling I will remember for the rest of my life. He slowly pushed into me, causing me to feel both pain and pleasure. A scream escaped as I clutched the bedspread, feeling his whole head slowly enter my tight young hole. He rested there for a second, and then gently pushed in a little deeper, every millimeter enhancing this totally new feeling. When he got about halfway in, he pulled back a little until only his head was in me again. This next push, it was more pleasure. 

My ass slowly conformed to his cock, and he was able to push deeper in and thrust a little faster, until I felt his hands clutch at my pecs and his slight belly brush up against my back. His balls made contact with my own as he buried himself in me all the way. I moaned. I screamed. He grunted and moaned, enjoying himself and the exertion.

I couldn't control myself. Cum exploded out of my cock as his every move inside of me caused me to get more aroused. He started thrusting faster, and let out a loud moan. "Get on to your knees!" He yelled as he pulled out of me all at once and tore off the condom. I rushed to my knees, just in time for his cum to splatter on my face for the second time tonight. This shot wasn't as big as the first, but still left my face with some pretty handsome globs of cum. He finished and flopped down on the bed, clearly exhausted.

I stayed down on my knees for a moment, realizing everything that had just happened. After a few seconds, I whispered "Was that good?" 

He smiled and said "Yes, that was excellent." His hand felt around a little, and he laughed as he found the spot where I came. "I see you enjoyed yourself too." 

I smiled and stood up. I started to walk toward the door to go get my clothes. 

"Where are you going?" He asked. 

"To get my clothes. I figure you will send me back to my dorm room again." 

He laughed. "I probably shouldn't let you stay over, but I think that you might need my attention tonight. Why don't you just come back over here and lay down?" 

I smiled and jumped into the bed. I snuggled up beside him and he wrapped his arms around me, his cock resting against my inner thigh. He smiled again, "No, I think I need you to stay here so that I know you are ok." 

"Whatever you say, Jack." I said as I wrapped my arms around his own.