 This may read like erotic fiction, but it really happened to me.

When I was 19 I went to the Doctor for rash on my leg. He checked out my leg and explained he needed to see the rest of my skin to better diagnose what I had. I stripped to my briefs as he watched. Then he pointed at my briefs and made a downward motion with his finger. I understood and dropped my briefs as well. I was a little embarrassed because I had only recently begun to shave down there. 

He sat in his exam chair and motioned for me to step closer, closer. I was standing with my cock only a foot from his face. With a very stern look he began to inspect. He asked if I ever had issues with jock itch. I replied that I did occasionally. He pushed my cock and balls to the side to inspect, and then grabbed the head of my cock between two fingers. He moved me from side to side, and up and down. The friction was having the inevitable effect. I got hard, and fast. He told me I must be a horny little guy to get hard that easily in front of another man. I was embarrassed as hell and wished he would stop. He pushed my now hard cock up against my stomach and commented on how I was larger than average since it almost reached my belly button. I turned around for him to inspect my backside, and then he told me to dress. I was prescribed and ointment and he set up a follow up visit.

I spent the next week thinking about what had happened. I was a little ashamed, but a little turned on by the unorthodox exam. 

A week later I was back in his office. Even though he did not find anything on the rest of my body, he asked me to disrobe again. I was sort of hoping he would, and did not wear underwear under my workout clothes that day. I was freshly shaved, and just a shy of semi hard when I dropped my pants. 

I heard him sort of gasp or grunt, which I took as approval. Same routine. Inspect my skin, and then have me step in closer to him while he was seated. Again he grasped the head of my cock and began moving me back and forth to examine me. I got hard again. Harder than before. He smiled and told me he remembered I was a horny boy. This time he asked me to turn my back to him. In front of me was the exam table. He told me to bend at the waist over the table, and to spread my legs. He had to make sure my skin was clear all over so I would not have a re-occurrence. He pushed each ass cheek aside and spent a lot of time examining me. Then I sort of jumped when I felt him put a finger on my asshole. He put the pad of his index finger against my asshole and then started to rub a bit and put a little pressure on it. I have to admit it felt really good. I was in a very vulnerable position, and had no idea what he would do next. 

He asked me to turn and face him again. This time I was to raise one leg in the air. He was still seated in front of me. After a couple of seconds, he had my rest my foot on his thigh as he examined my groin area some more. I was breathing heavily at this point. My heart was pounding, and my cock was bouncing in his face with every heartbeat. Then he said, "want me to suck it?" I was shocked, but immediately said yes. He gobbled up my cock in his deep warm mouth. It was like no blow job I had ever had. At that point I hadn't had many though. It felt so good and he had me ready to cum in less than a minute. I told him to stop because I was going to cum. He told me to go ahead and cum. I shot my full load deep into his mouth. He kept his mouth around my cock and took every drop, then swallowed. 

As I dressed he went to the sink to wash up. We set another appointment, and I went to the waiting room where my mom was waiting to take me home. She never suspected a thing. She did want to try another Dr though when the rash on my leg kept coming back.