 "What's on your mind today Michael? You seem a troubled." Doctor Teodore asked his patient.

Michael started seeing doctor Teodore for five years now. With all the stress of work and being a single parent to his only son, he felt he should start seeing a therapist.

"It's my son, Jake. He's been acting... Unusual."

"Unusual how?"

"It started not long after his 18th birthday... He..." Michael hesitated.

Teodore studied Michael's expression and body language. "He...?"

"He's been behaving very... Inappropriately... It started a few weeks ago. I came home from work, and there he was, right there on the couch in the living room, with his pants around his ankles and masturbating to porn. He looked at me nonchalantly and greeted me as if he weren't doing anything."

"And how did you react to him?"

"I didn't. I just said hello to him and went to my office and started to wonder, did that really just happen? It gets worse. He started walking around the house completely naked and with an erection, and casually stroking it in front of me."

Teodore leaned forward in his chair, interested and excited by his patients' lewd confession, and folded his leg to hide the bulge in his pants.

"I don't know what to say or how to handle it, so I just try and ignore it."

"It was a good thing you acted in a passive manner. By doing so, Jake's trust in you, and his relationship with you has excelled to a new level. This kind of trust and comfort doesn't occur often between father and son. Your passive attitude indicates to him that you know what it was like being his age, thus allowing him to be more comfortable around you and to just be himself. Jake sounds like a normal, and very sexually healthy young man to me, Michael."

"D-doc?"

"I think it would be wise to engage with Jake."

"He's my SON! And I'm not gay!"

"Jake clearly wants to experiment sexually. Would you rather him risk doing it with someone else, or someone he trusts? Namely, you."

Michael sighed. He trusted Teodore's advice for years. Despite how crazy his advice on the subject had been, he decided to comply.

"But I'm not gay, doc. I've never been with another man. What do I do exactly?"

Teodore got up from his chair and displayed his bulge before his patient.

"I suppose a little practice wont hurt, just so you can get an idea of what to do."

Michael looked at Teodore's massive bulge and gulped nervously as he began to sweat.

He walked close to Michael, his bulging crotch just inches away from Michael's face. "Let's see what your touch is like. Pretend I'm your son. Massage my cock."

Hesitantly, Michael reached up and groped Teodore's bulge and rubbed it slowly. I can't believe I'm doing this...

"You've got a good grip, and a very loving fatherly touch. Keep going."

Michael closed his eyes as he undid Teodore's trousers and pulled out his throbbing cock. He couldn't believe the girth he felt in his hands, and was shocked and impressed at the size when he opened his eyes. Average length but thick enough to snap a persons jaw. He stroked it slowly while still marveling at its size. Precum oozed out over his hand, and eventually completely covering his entire palm as it lubes up Teodore's shaft.

"Why don't you try sucking on it now, Michael?"

"I don't know if I can... It's so big..."

"Start slowly. Lick it up and down, and work it into your mouth slowly."

Michael closed his eyes again and tried to emulate how his ex-wife would work his own cock. He licked under the head with the tip of his tongue as he jerked the shaft. Teodore bit his lip trying to contain his moans before his secretary or the other waiting patients outside heard them.

"That feels so good, dad." Teodore said, posing as Michael's son.

Michael looked up at Teodore both shocked and aroused.

"What's wrong Michael? That is how it's going to be when you and Jake do it."

"I just wasn't expecting it, is all..."

"Please, keep going, dad."

Michael slowly worked the length of the doctor's massive cock into his mouth until his lips were at the base. He held his mouth there, and massaged the bottom of the shaft with his tongue, while still slurping the precum out of the head. He remembered enjoying his ex-wife do this to him, and tried to emulate all her methods. He then started to bob his mouth up and down the shaft as he started to get the hang of the act, then started to jerk the shaft while he sucked the head.

Teodore grabbed his tie and bit down on it as he felt his climax appraoching.

"Dad, I'm cumming...!" He said, biting his words as he pulled away from Michael's mouth, and shot his thick, warm cum all over Michael's face.

"Fuck!" Michael swore.

"I'm sorry, Michael, I intended to turn away from you, but you were doing such an excellent job, I lost myself." Teodore said, as he used a handkerchief to clean his cum off Michael's face. "For that being your first time, you seem to be very talented at it."

"I... I just tried to do what my ex-wife did..."

The doctor looked down and noticed the bulge in Michael's trousers and kneeled down and began to massage it. Michael flared his cock at the doctor's touch.

"Looks like you really enjoyed doing it too."

He gave Michael a firm squeeze and stroked the outline of his cock through the fabric, and smirked at the wet spot forming at the head.

"I think it's best if you save that for Jake, he'll need you at your full potential."

That evening, when Michael returned home, he went to his room to lie down, his mind still reeling from his session with Teodore. It felt so surreal, as if it was something straight out of a porn film, moreover, he couldn't believe he actually went along with it.

Have sex with Jake? My own son? I can't believe this...

Down the hall, Jake was in his room, his door ajar, naked from the waist down, his stiff cock in hand, and a porno on his television with the sound purposefully turned up enough so his father could hear it.

Michael passed by Jake's room when he returned home, and caught a quick glimpse inside from the corner of his eye, and casually greeted his son, and Jake nonchalantly acknowledged his father while stroking his wet cock.

He's my son, I've got to do this.

The following day, Michael decided to take Teodore's advice, and help satisfy Jake's curiosities. He peered into Jake's room, and saw his son reading a comic book, wearing only a black tank top and red track pants.

"Son."

"Yeah, dad?"

Michael sat at the edge of the bed close to his son.

"I think it's time we had a talk about something."

"About what?"

"How sexually active you are. I think it's wonderful that you're taking advantage of your youth, and enjoying what your body has to offer you, and I'm so happy that you feel so comfortable around me that you don't feel the need to hide it, but I was your age once, and I remember what having such lust felt like, and constantly wanting to play with yourself."

Michael noticed the pulsing bulge in Jake's track pants and smiled as he grabbed it, and started stroking it through the fabric.

"Tell me, sport. Have you ever experimented with another person before?"

Jake widened his eyes at his dad suddenly grabbing his bulge and playing with it, and smiled back at his dad.

"No, I haven't."

"Well I can tell you this, it's no where near the same as doing it by yourself."

Not knowing what had come over him, he instinctively leaned down and kissed his son passionately on the lips.

"I'm going to show you how to really be a man with that cock I gave you."

Michael positioned himself above Jake, and continued to makeout with his son, grinding their constrained cocks together. Michael completely became immersed in the moment, and was enjoying every second of it. The taste of his son's mouth, the feel of their cocks rubbing together, the scandalous nature of it excited him in a way he never felt before.

He was overcome by his aching cock, he didn't think of anything else anymore. He tore Jake's tank top down the middle, and began to kiss his son's fuzzy chest, then moved over to his nipple, and began to play with it with the tip of his tongue.

"Oh, fuck dad! That's my spot!"

Further excited at his son's outburst, he slid his hand down under Jake's track pants and caught a handful of his cock and began to stroke it as Jake moaned and squirmed beneath his father.

"Come on, son. Moan louder for me, shout out my name, let the neighbours hear how a father should properly take care of his son."

"Aw, Fuck! Dad!"

"Come on boy! Tell me how feels!"

"Fuck, dad! It feels so good, please don't stop!!" Jake shouted as loud as he could.

"Yeah, that's my boy."

Michael, tore his own shirt in half, and tossed it on the floor, and aggressively ripped open a hole at the stitching of his sweatpants, revealing his hard cock as it started oozing precum onto the sheets, then finally removing Jake's track pants frocefully, and took a moment to admire his son's cock up close. He took the shaft in his hand and stroked it slowly then pressed his own cock up against it.

"Apple doesn't fall far from the tree, huh son?"

Jake moaned and writhed at his father's loving touch.

"You like having your cock stroked by someone else, sport?"

"Yes, dad...!"

Michael spit on Jake's cock, as he began to stroke it faster.

"You like your cock stroked by your old man?"

"Yes, dad!!" Jake shouted out, excited at his father's lewdness.

"Let's see how you like this, then." He said as he took Jake's slippery cock into his mouth, and sucked it just the way he did for Teodore.

Jake gasped as he held his father's head down with both hands, guiding it up and down his cock.

"Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck! Is this really happening?" Jake moaned.

Michael looked up at him, and smirked.

"I thought about this all night, son. I just want you to be able to feel good."

He continued to suck Jake's cock again, massaging the underside of the shaft, slurping every drop of precum, and teasing the frenulum.

I made this. I made this perfect cock. I made this perfect body.

He slapped Jake's cock against his lips, and marveled at it once more. Then positioned himself and Jake into a 69.

"All right, Jake, this is called a 69. You suck mine, I suck yours, got it?."

Jake, nodded obediently, and without hesitation he took Michael's cock into his mouth, and sucked eagerly. Michael growled at his son's mouth around his cock. It had been so long since he'd gotten sucked, he'd forget how good a nice wet, warm mouth felt around his manhood.

They both moaned into eachother's cocks, as they were enjoying being stimulated at the same time.

"Dad, I'm gonna... I'm gonna cum...!"

Michael disregarded his son's warning, and continued to suck even as Jake shot his creamy load down his throat.

"I love the taste of your cum, son. I hope you can keep this thing rock hard."

"Not a problem!" Jake assured enthusiastically.

"Good, cus we're really going to put that cock to work now. Sit up."

Jake did as he was told, and Michael spit on his son's cock again, making sure to lube it up real good.

"You're going to fuck your old man." He ripped the hole he made in his sweats around his cock all around, until the length of his sweats came off, leaving only the waist band around him. He positioned himself over Jake's cock, and slowly worked it into his tight, virgin hole. "Oh fuck, yeah son. Your cock feels so good going in me." Michael began to ride Jake, the same way he'd let his ex-wife ride him.

"This feels even better than I'd imagined!" Michael shouted. "How're you enjoying it, champ?"

"Aw, man, dad, I've never felt anything like this before! Beats jacking off by a million miles!"

Jake began to thrust up and down into Michael's ass, the same way he'd seen it be done in his porn films.

Michael locked lips with his son again, as he pressed his cock against Jake's chest, grinding it between them as their torsos became sticky with his precum. Jake grabbed a handful of his dad's firm ass in his palms and squeezed them as they bounced from being plowed.

Michael pressed his cock harder against his son's chest as he moaned at the feeling of Jake's cock, working his tight hole mercilessly. "C'mon, son, make your old man proud!"

Jake fucked Michael as hard as he could, and moaned loudly as he felt his cock convulse as he shot his hot load inside his dad's hole, filling up his innards. "Dad..." Jake said out of breath.

"That's my boy."

Michael slowly lifted himself off of Jake's cock as all his son's thick creamy cum began to leak out and down his thighs.

"Open wide now, son."

Jake did as he was told, and opend his mouth as Michael jerked his cock into his son's mouth.

"Come on, dad, I want to taste your cum!" Jake pleaded.

"Here it... Comes...!" Michael shouted as he fed his hot load to his loving son. "Now swallow ever drop, it has lots of protein." And like a good boy, Jake followed his father's instruction and swallowed.

"Fuck, dad... That felt so amazing..."

"You made me proud, son."

"Thanks, dad. Can we do this again sometime?"

"I don't see why not? It's an excellent bonding activity we can both enjoy."