 I had gone to see the doctor just to get a prescription refilled. Arriving a little early, I checked in and was told to take a seat in the waiting room. After a few minutes, my name was called and I followed the nurse into a small examining room, the doctor arriving a few minutes later and closing the door.

"Hey, how are you," I said, smiling at him as he took a seat across from me.

"Good," he replied. "You're looking good. Is every thing all right?"

"Yes. I just came in to get this prescription refilled."

He looked at the medicine I had in my hand and as he took it from me, his hand brushed against mine. His touch was soft yet firm. I watched him as he read the bottle and noticed that he would look at me out of the corner of his eye as he read. For some reason, I found myself getting a little uncomfortable. I shouldn't have but just from the way he was looking at me, I started to squirm a little in my chair.

"I'm glad you came in today," he said after a few minutes. "I just happen to have an article here about this medicine and you're the first person I have seen that is using it so maybe we should go over this and we'll see what you think."

I nodded and listened as he explained what the article was all about and how it might affect me. As he talked, I watched his eyes. They were soft and kind and when he looked at me, they had a glint in them, almost smiling as he continued reading and talking about the article. I never like going to the doctor but after a little while, I started to relax a little, listening to him and watching him as he continued.

"You know, this probably won't help you at all," he finally said, putting the article down and looking me straight in the eye. "You seem to have everything under control so I don't think we should mess with what you're doing."

Again I just nodded.

"Is there any thing else I can do for you today?" he asked after filling out a prescription form.

"As a matter of fact, I have another question," I said, clearing my throat. "Is there other products like Viagra on the market yet?"

"There aren't any just yet but they are close. There is a lot of testing going on right now and some other products should be hitting the market soon. Why do you ask? Are you having erection problems?"

"Well, I've used Viagra before and found it helped quite a bit but it is very expensive, so I was wondering if there was anything cheaper out there."

"Are you having a problem getting an erection or sustaining one?" he asked.

"Sustaining one is the biggest problem. I don't seem to have a problem becoming erect but sometimes, I lose it quickly," I said, my face getting a little red.

"I see," he responded. "Maybe we should have a look."

Taken by surprise, I just looked at his smiling face and didn't say anything.

"It's ok," he said. "I don't have another appointment for a few minutes and maybe I can help you."

Again I didn't say anything. He saw my embarrassment and smiled.

"Why don't you get up on the table and let me have a look."

I almost stumbled as I got out of my chair and moved over to the table. As I started to get up on it, he motioned for me to undo my pants.

"Just pull your pants down to your ankles and swing your legs up onto the table then lie back and relax."

I slowly pulled my pants down around my ankles and swung my legs up on the table as he had instructed. My cock was semi erect and he noticed it right away as he moved over me. I put my head on the small pillow and tried to relax as he moved closer to me. I watched him as he examined me, taking my cock in his hand, examining it closely. His touch was soft and he soon had me fully erect.

"Everything looks good," he said as he looked under my head and around my balls. 

I felt his hand, go down and cup my balls and he started to gently massage them.

"How does that feel?" he asked, looking at me.

"Fine," was all I could say as the feeling of his hand on me, was starting to feel better and better.

He moved his hand up and started to run it up and down my length, rubbing my head and dipping a finger tip into my slit. I jumped a little when he first did it and he looked at me and smiled.

"Your penis is very sensitive," he said as he continued rubbing up and down it. "It doesn't take you long to ejaculate, does it?"

"No," I answered in a raspy voice. "I don't last very long, if that is what you're asking."

"I can see that," he said, taking his hand off me. "You can get dressed now."

I slowly swung my legs down off the table and pulled up my pants, carefully stuffing my erection into them. He motioned for me to sit down again. As I sat down, he looked at me with the smile still on his face.

"There's nothing abnormal about your situation," he said. "Most men your age, have a similar problem. There really isn't anything that can be done about it but changing your approach and your methods, may be the only way to improve your stability and length of sustained erection before ejaculation. Try different positions and maybe this will improve your performance. Do you involve a lot of foreplay in your love making?"

"Yes. I love foreplay and that's the problem. I spend too much time on foreplay and lose my erection during it," I answered, slightly squirming in my seat.

"Ok, here you go. Try this and let me know how it works out. Make an appointment for next week and come in to see me," he said as he handed me the prescription slip and again smiled.

"Ok, thanks," I said as I left the room. "See you next week."

"Good luck," he called after me.

I made the appointment and as I drove home, I kept feeling his hand on me. I almost missed my turn, as my mind was not on where I was going but was on his soft hands, rubbing my erection and the feeling of them on me. I had never been touched sexually by another man but I had found my first time quite pleasant.

That night I tried the pills for the first time and found that they did help. My erection did sustain itself for a longer period and I enjoyed myself more than I had for a long time. I didn't say anything to my wife about having taken the pills and she was quite surprised, I lasted as long as I did, considering the past. We enjoyed each other for the week, making love every night, my erection standing up and staying for longer periods each night. All through the week, I kept remembering the doctor's touch and how his hands had felt. As the day of my appointment came closer, I was looking forward to seeing him again, hoping he would examine me again.

Again I arrived a little early and checked in, taking a seat in the waiting room. My name was called and I was left in an examining room. I could feel my cock starting to rise as the doctor entered the room. He looked at me and then my crotch and smiled.

"I see the pills helped," he said as he sat down next to me.

"Yes they did and my wife was quite impressed with my stamina," I said, smiling back at him, my face turning a little red. 

I watched him as we talked and noticed him looking more and more at my bulge that was quite apparent in the front of my pants. Finally, to my relief, he reached across and put his hand on my crotch, gently rubbing the bulge in my pants. I leaned back in the chair and closed my eyes, letting him rub my erection, enjoying the feeling of his hands on me again.

"Let's have a look," he finally said, snapping me back to reality.

I opened my eyes and found him closer than he had been before. I didn't waste any time in pulling my pants down and getting up on the table.

"I see you've been busy," he grinned at me as he wrapped his hand around my throbbing cock. "You were looking forward to today, weren't you?"

"Yes," I stammered as his hand started rubbing up and down my fully erect penis.

I looked down the length of my body just as his mouth surrounded my cock while I felt his hands on my balls, gently massaging them. His mouth felt so warm and inviting as he started to bob slightly up and down, sucking on me and running his tongue in and out of my slit. I just lay back and closed my eyes, letting him do whatever he wanted. I soon felt my balls starting to tingle.

"I think I'm coming," I said, raising my head up and looking at him.

He didn't take his mouth off my cock but started to suck on it harder as my balls began to tighten. I came in his mouth, spraying my hot come up into him as he sucked and swallowed all I could give him. After I had finished, he slowly licked and sucked me clean and then took my softening cock out of his mouth. Looking at me, he smiled.

"I enjoy sucking a cock," he said. "I love the taste of come and yours tasted especially sweet."

I didn't know how to answer him so I just lay back and relaxed.

"I hope you didn't mind me doing that to you?" he asked, moving away from me.

Mind. Hell, I thought, you could do that anytime you wanted, for all I cared. I loved the feeling of him on me, and spewing my hot come up into his mouth. As I got off the table, he was watching me with a big grin on his face. I dressed and sat down beside him again.

"Thanks. That felt great," I said finally. "You're the first man who has ever sucked my cock and I enjoyed it tremendously."

"Good," he said as he gently rubbed his hand across my crotch. "I enjoyed it as much as you did and I wouldn't mind doing it again anytime you like."

I couldn't believe what he was saying. Here was a man asking me if I would let him suck my cock whenever I wanted. I wasn't sure exactly what to say but I finally blurted out, "I'd like that."

He smiled and gave my crotch a gent squeeze before getting up. I noticed he had a bulge in the front of his pants as he stood in front of me and I found myself not able to take my eyes off it. I finally looked up into his smiling eyes. He had a funny grin on his face as he reached down and rubbed his hand across his bulge.

I watched him in kind of a haze as he slowly unzipped his pants and pulled them down over his hips. My eyes never left the bulge in his pants and now there was only his underwear between me, and his hard cock. My eyes widened when he pulled his underwear down and his cock sprang out, pointing straight at me. I watched mesmerized as he ran his hand up and down his length, stopping to run his fingers around his head. He must have seen the lust in my eyes as he moved closer to me, holding his cock out in front of him. As he neared, I could smell him and I reached out, pulling him to me and engulfing his hard cock with my mouth.

I felt his head against my lips and the softness of his it as it slowly slid into me. I had never done this before but I wanted to satisfy him as much as he had me, just a few minutes before. I slowly ran my tongue around his head and played with his slit, running the tip of my tongue in and out of it a he groaned slightly above me. I then took as much as him into me as I could and started to suck on him. He held my head against him as I sucked and licked at him like I never wanted to let him go. He groaned over and over as I brought him closer to coming.

Finally, he told me he was coming and I felt his cock reach the back of my throat as I continued sucking him into me. Suddenly I felt him twitch a little and then a torrent of hot come splashed across my tongue and started down my throat. I swallowed as best I could and soon had swallowed all he offered. He groaned loudly as he came and grown his hips against my face as I sucked and licked him gently as his cock softened. Slowly I let him take his cock out of my mouth and I held it in my hand as he stepped back slightly.

I looked up and he was watching me with a wide smile on his face.

"Thank you," he said. "You didn't have to do that but I'm glad you did."

"I enjoyed it too," I said, standing up in front of him as he pulled his pants up and zipped them.

We just stood looking at each other for a few moments, grinning. 

"Maybe we should look into this again," he said, the grin on his face deepening.

"Maybe we should," I answered, not taking my eyes off his face.

He sat down and motioned me to do the same. I sat down and we talked for a few minutes before he looked at his watch and I knew he had someone else to see. We made arrangements to meet later that week and as I left the room, he held the door for me, and patted my ass. I turned around and smiled at him.

"So you want more," I said, laughing as I watched his face.

"Maybe," he said. "Maybe."

"We'll see," I answered as I walked away and into the other room. 

I felt his eyes on my back and as I got to the door, I looked back and found him watching me. I smiled and he gave me a little wave as I disappeared. I sat in my car in the parking lot for a long time remembering his mouth on me and how his hard cock had felt inside mine. I couldn't wait until we met again. I wanted more of him and I was sure that he felt the same. We'd see as we were going to meet the next night. Maybe my problem was as big as I thought because as I sat in the car, I was getting erect again. I reached down and absent mindedly, rubbed my crotch with my hand and closed my eyes, thinking of the doctor and his touch.