 I was shaking as I entered the elevator and pushed the floor button. My doctor and I were meeting in his apartment and I was shaking in anticipation of the meeting. I had spent a restless night before and most of the day in a fog, waiting for the time to speed past. Finally, I made my way over to his place and was now watching the floors flick past in the elevator. Finally, the elevator door opened and I stepped out into a foyer of sorts. I found the plaque on the wall that showed the way to the different suites and turned down the hallway.

I was getting more nervous, the closer I got to his door but I managed to find his place and knocked on the door. As I waited for him to answer it, I took a couple of deep breaths, trying to relax a little. Finally, I heard his foot steps on the other side of the door just as he swung it open, a big smile on his face.

“Hey there. Come on in,” he said, ushering me into his place. “Make yourself comfortable.”

I looked around the room and finding a comfortable chair, I sat down.

“You didn’t have any trouble finding the place?” he asked.

“No, your directions were pretty clear and it didn’t take me as long as I thought it would to get here,” I answered.

“Would you like something?” he asked.

“No thanks. I’m fine.”

He came over and sat down beside me. 

“You know, you don’t have to do this,” he said, smiling at me. “If you feel too uncomfortable about being here, you don’t have to do anything.”

“No, I wanted to come. I’ve been looking forward to it since the other day.”

“Good, I’m glad. I was worried that you might not want to continue our relationship and just leave it on a professional level but I’m glad you made your decision.”

I was feeling more relaxed now and had stopped shaking. His hand on my knee felt soft and warm as he looked into my face. I tried not to give him any indication of how much I wanted him as his hand started up towards my crotch.

“You know, I meant what I said the other day about loving to suck cock,” he said as he gently brushed across my crotch. “I love the taste of sperm and yours was especially sweet. I’m looking forward to having you fill my mouth with it again and again.”

I smiled at this and he brushed his hand harder across my growing erection.

“I don’t know about again and again but I’m glad you enjoy the taste of me,” I laughed, breaking the tension I felt and growing more at ease. He had his hand rubbing the growing bulge in my pants and looked straight into my eyes as he moved his hand up and reached for my pants and belt. He slowly undid them without saying a word and I watched the growing lust in his eyes as he pulled my pants apart and reached in to caress my cock. After a minute or two, he pulled my shorts down and let my hard cock spring out into the air, free from its constraints.

“I think you’re harder than you were the other day,” he said, looking down at my cock as he wrapped his hand around it. 

“I don’t know about being harder but it feels good to have your hand on me,” I replied, leaning back in the seat, opening my legs a little.

He ran his hand up and down my length and played with my slit a little before he looked up at me.

“Take your pants off,” he said. “I want your bare cock all to myself.”

I stood up and quickly pulled my pants down and off, turning towards him.

“Oh yes. I want you,” he said, pulling me towards him and opening his mouth to receive me.

As he licked around my head and bobbed a couple of times up and down me, I started to undo my shirt. I peeled it off and stood completely naked in front of him. As he started to gently suck me, he reached between my legs and cupped my balls, gently and softly massaging them. I sighed at his touch. He was gentle but at the same time, firm and demanding as he continued sucking on my cock. I found my legs were starting to shake and he lifted his head.

“Sit down beside me,” he said, patting the seat next to him. “Just lay back and enjoy.”

I did as he said and found myself closing my eyes as he manipulated my cock with his tongue and massaged my balls. It didn’t take long until I felt my balls starting to tighten. He must have felt it too as he took my cock out of his mouth and looked over at me.

“You enjoy this, don’t you?” he said.

I just nodded, not opening my eyes. I felt him get up and I opened my eyes to see him taking his clothes off. His cock was hard and it was sticking straight out in front of him. He turned towards me and his cock swung towards my mouth. I opened it and he pushed his cock into me, sliding it in slowly until I felt it hit the back of my throat. I sucked on him as he slid back out again.

“You love the taste of cock too, don’t you?” he asked as he slid it back into me again.

I tried to answer him but I couldn’t form the words around his cock.

“Oh yeah. That feels so good,” he said, taking my head in his hands and holding me against his crotch. “Keep sucking me. It feels so good.”

I reached around him and grabbed his ass cheeks and pulled his into me. He almost stumbled but remained on his feet, holding my head as I sucked him. I took his cock out of my mouth and looked up at him.

“I want you to fuck me,” I said, the word tumbling out of my mouth before I realized what I was saying.

“Oh, I plan to,” he said, smiling down at me.

At the time, I didn’t really think about what he had just said because all I wanted was his cock in my mouth. I pulled him to me again and engulfed his cock, licking it up and down and sucking on the head. He groaned as I did and I cupped his balls in my hand, squeezing them gently as I continued sucking him.

“Oh yeah. Suck me please.”

I sucked on his cock harder and felt his balls twitch a little. I pulled his cock out of my mouth and looked up at him.

“I don’t want you to come yet,” I said, taking his cock in my hand and rubbing the length of it.

He looked down at me and smiled again.

“Ok, if that’s what you want.”

I pulled him down beside me and pushed him onto his back. He spread his legs and I leaned down to take him in my mouth again. He groaned when I did and lay back, closing his eyes. I moved up over him and pulled one leg up in the air, moving my hand down between his legs, massaging his balls. My hand continued towards his ass and he raised his leg a little higher to give me access to him. I found his ass hole and ran my finger around it, teasing him. He groaned loudly as my touch and pushed his ass against my finger. I moved so I could raise his other leg and leaned down, licking his balls and scrotum. Again he groaned at my touch and I raised his legs even further until he was on his back, his legs up over his head, his ass hole in plain view.

This was all a first for me but I wanted to do it so I licked my way down until I found his ass hole with my tongue. I circled it and ran my tongue up and down his crack, making him squirm a little.

“Do you want to fuck me?” he asked.

“No, not yet.”

I pushed his legs further back and really started sucking on his ass hole, trying to stick my tongue up inside him. With one hand, he grabbed his legs and with the other, spread his cheeks apart. Now I had complete access to his hole and I started sucking and licking harder and harder.

“Fuck me please,” he groaned as my tongue found its way inside him. 

He jumped a little as my tongue entered him and groaned loudly again and again. I rolled my tongue so it was like a small penis and started to butt fuck him with it. He was squirming even more as I did and I found it hard to keep my tongue in him. I plunged my tongue in and out of him several more times and then ran a finger around his hole, all the time, watching his ass hole as it expanded and accepted my finger.

I pushed it into him as far as I could and then started to thrust it in and out, slowly at first then faster. He was groaning louder with each thrust and I put another finger inside him. Soon I had three fingers fucking him and he was asking me to fuck him. I thrust the fingers in and out of him a few more times and then took them completely out of his ass. I moved up and pointed my hard cock at his hole and thrust my hips forward, the head of my cock entering him easily.

He didn’t say anything and I stopped. His hole was so tight around my cock. I had never felt anything so tight before and I wanted to enjoy it for a few minutes. He tried to push me further into him but I held myself still, enjoying the feeling of his ass around my cock. I finally pushed further up his canal and could feel the walls rubbing against my head. I pushed into him until I reached the end of his canal, my balls resting against his ass and stopped again.

“Please, fuck me,” he pleaded as I held myself against his ass. “Please.”

I waited a moment longer then pulled my cock slowly back down his canal, stopping with only my head inside him before pushing back fully into him. I stopped and waited again and he squirmed against me. I felt almost heady as I was going to fuck his ass and fill it with my hot come. I felt in complete control.

Again he squirmed against me and I started to slowly thrust in and out of him. I could see his face and there was a small tear forming in his eye as I started to thrust faster and deeper.

“Oh yeah,” he yelled. “Fuck me hard. I want your cock to fill me with your hot come. I want to feel you explode inside me. Please, fuck me harder.”

I did as the doctor said and thrust harder and faster each time I fully entered him, slapping his ass with my balls every time. Between the slaps on his ass and his groaning, the noise level was getting louder and louder. It felt so good to have my cock pounding in and out of his ass and when I felt my balls tighten, I almost felt angry that I was coming so soon.

I exploded inside him. He yelled out when he felt my come hit the end of his canal, its heat washing the insides of him. 

“Oh fuck. Oh fuck. Oh fuck.”

I held myself against his ass as I emptied my balls into him. He was squirming a little but he sighed as I finished coming. I held myself inside him for a few more minutes and then slowly withdrew my cock. It came out of him with a slight squish and some of my come ran down his leg. I leaned back and tried to catch my breath as I watched my come run further down his leg. He reached around and scooped up the come and sucked on his fingers, licking and sucking my come off them. He slowly lowered his legs and smiled at me.

“That was the best fuck I’ve been given for quite some time,” he said as he sat up. “God, you felt good pounding my ass and coming inside me.”

I was still trying to catch my breath and didn’t say anything but moved over to let him sit up.

He reached over and took my cock in his hand.

“Now its your turn,” he said, rubbing my cock with his fingers.

I winced a little at his touch but he was gentle. I looked at his cock and it was standing straight up and was hard and ready. I leaned down to suck him but he stopped me.

“No, I want to fuck you,” he said, gently pushing me onto my back. 

I lay back against the couch and he spread my legs apart. He leaned down and took my cock in his mouth, sucking on it gently again. He spread my legs further apart and pushed them up in the air, holding them apart by my ankles.

“I’ve never been fucked,” I said.

“I know. I’ll be careful,” he said as he moved up and I felt his cock against my hole.

“Hold your legs for me,” he asked me as he let me take hold of them. “Hold them as far apart as you can.”

I took hold of my legs and he leaned down between my legs. I felt his tongue on my hole. He did as I had done to him and circled it with the tip of his tongue, wetting it. He then ran his tongue up and down my crack, wetting it as much as he could. He used the flat of his tongue on me and I actually felt myself pushing against him as he sucked on me.

“Put your tongue inside me,” I pleaded with him. “I want to feel you inside me.”

I felt a sharp intense pain shoot through me as his tongue entered my hole for the first time. I jumped and he leaned back a little.

“It hurts the first time but the pain does go away,” he said as he caressed my hole with his fingers.

“I know but I want to feel your hard cock inside me not matter how much it hurts,” I said, pushing against his fingers.

He raised himself up and I felt the head of his cock against my hole and then the pressure he was exerting, trying to enter me. Suddenly, he was inside me and the pain was almost unbearable. I yelled out.

“Fuck that hurts.”

“Try and relax your muscles,” he said. “Once you do, it won’t hurt as much and I can get further up into you.”

I took a couple of deep breaths and tried to relax. Soon I found the pain was subsiding a little and so I urged him to get further up inside me. He pushed his cock into me more and the pain about stayed at the same level. Each time he pushed further up my canal, he would stop and wait for me to relax. He finally pushed himself fully into me. I looked down between my legs and could only see his hair around his groin against my ass and I could feel his balls resting under my upturned ass.

“I’m in you as far as I can go,” he said. “Are you ok?”

I just nodded.

“Tell me when you’re ready,” he said as he held himself against me.

When the pain had almost completely subsided, I looked at him.

“Fuck me,” was all I said and he slowly withdrew his hard cock back down my canal. I found I could stand the little pain there was and I pushed against him, trying to get him to thrust himself back fully into me. He did and soon was thrusting in and out faster and faster.

“Oh fuck, that feels good,” I yelled at him.

He grunted as he sped up even more. I could feel and hear his balls slap my ass every time he thrust fully into me and I found the feeling of his hard cock sliding in and out of me overwhelming.

“Oh fuck, yeah. Fuck me as hard as you can,” I yelled at him. 

With the two of us working together, it wasn’t long before I felt his cock explode inside me, his hot come warming my ass hole as he spewed his load up into me. I moaned as he grunted when he exploded and clenched my ass muscles, trying to milk his cock as much as I could. He thrust one more time and then stopped, holding himself against my ass as he emptied himself into me. I felt his cock spurt over and over again, his head twitching with every spurt.

He finished and slowly pulled out of me. I lowered my legs and didn’t move. I had just been fucked for the first time and had enjoyed it so much, I didn’t want to spoil the feeling. Finally, I looked up at him and he was watching me intensely.

“You ok?” he asked.

“I smiled and nodded.

I sat up slowly. 

“I never knew that it would feel so good having a hard cock inside my ass,” I said.

He just grinned at me but didn’t say anything. We sat for quite a while, just two naked men, running their hands up and down each other’s legs and remembering the feelings. Finally, he spoke.

“God, I wish we could do that again,” he said, smiling at me once again. “I enjoyed it so much.”

“I wish we could too,” I replied. “It did feel great.”

“You know, I know someone who would love your cock inside them,” he suddenly said.

“Oh.”

“Have you ever fucked another woman other than your wife,” he asked.

“No, I’ve been always been faithful to my wife,” I answered.

“Are you interested in trying?” he asked.

I didn’t answer him right away. What was he leading up to, I wondered?

“It’s not what you think,” he said. “My wife knows about my interest in men and she is ok with it. I’m sure she would love to meet you and maybe we could both fuck her and each other in one session. What do you think?”

“I don’t know,” I replied but my mind was wandering to a picture in my brain of me fucking another woman while the doctor fucked me.

“You know, that might be kind of fun,” I finally said after a few minutes. “That will be something new too.”

“Well, let me talk to her and see what she thinks. If it’s ok with her, maybe we three can get together soon.”

“Ok, check with her and let me know. I’ll make an appointment to see you next week and you can let me know then.”

“That sounds good to me,” he said, smiling broadly. “In the meantime,” he started just as his hand found my hardening cock again.

“Oh yeah,” I said as I leaned back and watched him engulf my cock into his mouth. 

He swallowed two of my hot loads as I did of his before I left. As I drove home, my ass was a little sore but I smiled all the way home, remembering the feeling of his hard cock pounding in and out of my ass hole. I remembered the tight feeling surrounding my cock as I fucked him too. As I remembered, I smiled even more. I could hardly wait until the next day to make that appointment.