 I didn’t need an appointment to see the doctor. I waited for him in the parking lot outside his office that night. When he came out, he saw me and walked over to my car. As soon as I saw him, I undid my pants and pulled my cock out, rubbing it as I watched him approach me. When he got to the side of the car, he looked down and saw my cock in my hand. Smiling, he walked around the other side of the car, throwing his briefcase in the back seat. He got in the front and immediately took me in his mouth. He licked and sucked on me as I leaned back in the seat giving him more access.

I came in his mouth almost immediately, my come spewing up into him as he swallowed quickly. After I finished coming, he took me out of his mouth and looked over at me.

“Couldn’t wait, huh?”

“No, I wanted your mouth around my cock all day and this was the only way I could think of getting it there the quickest,” I said, grinning at him.

He leaned over and kissed me then sat up in the seat as I pushed myself back into my pants.

“I talked to my wife and she didn’t seem to be very interested in getting together with us. I was thinking that maybe if she saw us together, our cocks fucking each other, that might change her mind.”

“That might do the trick,” I answered, looking out the front window.

“Well, why don’t you follow me over to my place and see what happens. She isn’t home yet so we have time to spend with each other before she gets there.”

“Ok, let’s go,” I answered, watching him get out of the car and walk over to his. 

I followed him home and up into his suite. After we took our coats off, we went at each other, almost tearing our clothes off each other. I wanted his cock and I wanted it badly. I pulled him to me and opened my mouth just as he thrust his hips forward and his penis crossed my lips.

“Um, I’ve been waiting all day for this,” I said around his cock. 

“Oh that feels good,” he said as I sucked him as far into my mouth as I could, running my tongue along him and circling his head. He started to thrust his hips back and forth and I let him fuck my mouth. Soon, I felt his cock start to twitch and felt the first traces of come splash across my tongue and down my throat. I swallowed quickly and kept swallowing until he had finished coming. 

He stepped back on shaky legs and grinned at me.

“God, you’re getting good at that,” he said as he quickly sat down beside me. “Just think, a few weeks ago you had never been with a man before and now you seem to love it just as much as I do.”
“You know, I find myself lost in thought about sucking your cock, most of the day. I have trouble concentrating on work some of the time just thinking about feeling your hard cock coming in my mouth.”

He grinned at me and pressed his hand over my crotch.

“I think about you quite often too. I was pleasantly surprised to see you sitting, waiting for me tonight.”

“Well, I couldn’t wait.”

His hand had moved up to my pants, and he was trying to undo them. I stood up and faced him, letting him undo them and pull them down and off me. My cock sprang out at him and he smiled, pulling me to him, engulfing me in one wet smack. I felt my head, brush his lips and then the suction he was using on me. I held his head in my hands and started to thrust my hips back and forth at him. He groaned softly as I started to thrust faster. He held my ass and helped me thrust and soon my come was splashing across his tongue on its way down his throat. I watched him swallow over and over again until I was finished, then he pulled my softening cock out of his mouth, giving it a small kiss before looking up at me.

“God, I love the taste of your come,” he said, grinning widely at me. “I could eat it all day.”

“You know that you can have as much of it as you can anytime you want,” I smiled back at him. Just then, we heard the front door open and in stepped the doctor’s wife. We didn’t have time to move.

“Oh,” she said, looking at us. 

The look on her face was beyond description. She didn’t know where to look first. Her eyes darted back and forth between the two of us, first at me, my cock hanging down in front of me, then her husband who was still sitting on the couch. 

“Sorry. I didn’t know we were having company,” she finally said, moving towards us, not taking her eyes off us. 

The doctor and I were still in the same positions, watching her as she crossed the room. She threw her coat over a chair and turned to face us, her hands on her hips.

“Since I don’t want to interrupt anything, you two go ahead with what you were doing and I’ll just sit here and watch.”

I quickly looked down at the doctor and he had a funny look on his face. He looked up at me and winked, at the same time, reaching out and wrapping his hand around my cock.

“Well, she did say to continue what we were doing,” he said with a big smile and another wink.

I felt myself responding to his touch and my cock was soon erect. The doctor leaned forward and took my cock into his mouth, noisily sucking on it and licking up and down the length of me. He took it out of his mouth and lifted it up and ran his tongue down to my balls, gently sucking them into his mouth. I thought I heard a soft moan behind me but I didn’t turn around. The doctor moved back up and engulfed my cock again, sucking it into his mouth as far as he could. I groaned as he did and I wanted to fuck him right then.

I reached down and pulled him off me and told him to get on his hands and knees. He did with a smile on his face. He leaned down and raised his ass in the air as I pointed my head at his hole and thrust my hips forward, entering him easily. I heard a moan behind me, and this time I looked around at his wife. She had a finger in her cunt and was thrusting it in and out of herself, watching us intently as she did. I turned back to the doctor and started to thrust in and out of his ass.

“Talk dirty to him,” I heard her voice behind me. “Talk dirty to him and tell him you’re going to fuck him hard.”

As I fucked him, I started to talk to him.

“Fuck I love your ass. I’m going to fuck you hard and fill your ass with all my come.”

“Oh, yes,” he groaned as I pumped in and out of him. “Fuck me hard with your big cock. I want your come inside my ass.”

“Fuck. Take my fucking cock, you slut,” I yelled at him just as I heard his wife behind me, squeal as she came.

I turned to look at her and she had stood up and was taking her clothes off as she continued watching us fuck on the couch.

“Fuck him harder,” I heard her say.

I turned back to the doctor and started pounding in and out of him as fast as I could. I heard my balls slapping against his ass every time I thrust into him and then I felt another body beside me.

“God, that’s erotic. Seeing another man fill my husbands ass with his hard cock,” his wife said as she stood beside me. 

I came suddenly inside him, exploding like I had never before. My come spurted out of my head and sprayed up into him, making him groan loudly at the feeling. I pumped into him a couple more times and then held myself against his ass as I emptied myself into him, all the time, his wife was watching and urging me on. Finally, I had finished and stepped back, my cock popping out of his ass with a slight sound and a gush. 

Before I could move, his wife had a hold of my cock and was leaning down to take it in her mouth.

“I want to taste the two of you,” she said just before taking my cock into her mouth.

I stood and let her finish licking and sucking on me until my legs gave out. I quickly sat down and looked up at her. She was just standing in front of us looking down at us with a look of lust in her eyes that were half closed.

“God, I loved watching you two fuck,” she said. “Hearing and seeing your cock pounding in and out of my husbands ass was intoxicating and so erotic.”

I looked at the doctor and he was looking up at his wife.

“I told you I love having his cock inside me, didn’t I?” he asked, smiling slightly at her.

“Yes you did but I didn’t believe that it would be like that,” she said. 

“He loves my cock just as much,” he said as I looked down at his erection, sticking straight up in the air.

I knew where this was leading and I didn’t wait to be told or asked. I moved up onto the couch in the same position as the doctor had been in and raised my ass at him. He got up, pointed his cock at my ass hole and thrust into me, his head hitting the end of my canal, making me jump a little.

“Oh yes. Fuck him honey,” I heard his wife say as the doctor started thrusting in and out of me.

“Fuck him as hard as he did you. I want to see your cock sliding in and out of him and hear your balls slap against his ass.”

I felt the doctor move up a bit and felt his balls slap against me. He was thrusting as fast as he could now and the noise of his wife yelling at us, and his balls slapping against me was almost deafening.

“Fuck him. Fuck him. Fill his ass with your hot come,” she yelled.

I felt his cock explode inside me, my ass instantly heated by his come. I pushed back against him and he sprayed my canal. I could hear his wife groaning as he came and I looked around at her. She had two fingers in her cunt, fucking herself unashamedly as she watched her husband empty his balls into my ass. The doctor stepped back on shaky legs and his wife immediately took his cock in her mouth and cleaned him off just as she had done to me. All three of us ended up sitting on the couch, not saying anything.

“I loved it,” his wife finally said quietly. “I loved watching the two of you.”

“Well, honey,” the doctor said. “Was it everything I told you it would be?”

“Oh yes and more,” she replied. “You don’t suppose,”

I interrupted her and said, “I’m done for the night. You couldn’t get me up again even with a crane.”

We all laughed and relaxed. Soon after, I got up and dressed, kissing the doctor goodbye and left. As the door was being closed, I heard his wife call after me, “I hope you come over again, real soon.”

“I will, I promise,” I replied back as the door closed.

As I drove home, I wondered what they were doing. I also wondered where this was leading too. Maybe a threesome with his wife or maybe more. I knew that this was just the start of a fantastic trip and I wanted to go along for the entire ride. In the next few days, I knew I would find out where we were going and I slept well that night, my mind ablaze with thoughts of cocks and cunts.