 I spent the next few days in a daze. I wanted to make an appointment with the doctor but I knew that the nurses in the office were getting suspicious. I decided on another tact and went over to his place, knocking on the door, my heart pounding.

The doctor’s wife answered the door and smiled in surprise.

“Hey, how are you?”

“Good. Is the doc home?” I asked as she let me into the room.

“No, he was called away on an emergency but he should be home in a little while. Do you want to wait for him?”

“Well, maybe I should come back later,” I answered, wanting all the time to stay and hoping she would insist that I do.

“You don’t have to leave. Stay with me and we’ll both wait together,” she said, inviting me to sit down.

I sat down, still a little nervous.

“I’m glad you came over,” she said. “I have been wanting to talk to you anyway.”

“Oh?”

“Yes, since the other night, I haven’t been able to get the picture of you fucking and being fucked, out of my mind. I wanted to talk to you about it.”

I sat back in the chair and started to relax a little. Why not spend a little time waiting for the doctor to come home, talking about sex with his wife. In my mind, I thought that maybe this was going to lead to something too. Anyway, I think I was hoping for it to.

“What would you like to know?” I asked, smiling at her as she sat across from me.

“Well, I just wanted to know how a man like yourself, would start seeing other men when you have a wife at home?”

I hesitated when she brought up the subject about having a wife.

“Don’t feel ashamed,” she quickly added. “I’ve known about my husbands fascination with men for a long time, but I’ve never seen him act on it before. I know he goes out to meet men but you’re the first one he has ever brought home.”

I just sat there are looked at her, not knowing exactly what to say. I felt my face getting a little red and looked down at my feet.

“I’m sorry if I embarrassed you,” she said. “I’m just trying to understand the attraction, that’s all.”

I took a deep breath.

“Well, as far as your husband and I are concerned, it all started rather innocently,” I finally had the courage to say.

I proceeded to tell her now we had met and started. She listened very intently, smiling now and then as I continued with the story. After I finished, she just sat back in her chair and looked at me. I wasn’t sure if I should, maybe, get up and leave right then, but again she stopped me.

Just as she was about to say something, the phone rang. 

“Excuse me,” she said as she rushed off to answer it.

I couldn’t hear much of the conversation but after a minute or two, she returned with a big smile on her face.

“That was a friend of ours. He’s coming over in a few minutes. I asked him to because I thought you might want to meet him and I, for sure, wanted him to meet you.”

“Oh and why is that?” I asked.

“I’m sure that my husband and him have been seeing each other for quite some time now and I thought it would be nice for him to meet his competition, so to speak.”

The doorbell rang and she got up to answer it. Letting her friend into the apartment, she led him over and introduced us. We shook hands and he sat down beside me. Where was this leading, I wondered, as I tried to look nonchalant about the whole situation.

After a few minutes of small talk, the doctor’s wife got right to the subject.

Looking at her friend, she said, “John, I know that you and my husband have been seeing each other for some time now. I just wanted you to meet someone who is also seeing my husband.”

John looked at me and smiled but didn’t say anything.

“I’ve watched the two of them make love and fuck each other and I was wondering,” letting her voice trail off, not finishing the sentence.

I looked at her then John as he sat staring at her.

“I know what you’re wondering,” John finally said, a grim look on his face. “You’re wondering if I am jealous of this guy, aren’t you?”

“No, not exactly,” she answered quickly. “I was wondering if you would like to make love with my husbands lover, that’s all.”

John and I looked at each other.

“You mean you want to watch us make love, is that right?” he said, smiling, almost leering at her.

“Yes, I would love to see the two of us make love to each other so I could watch your hard cocks fucking each other and your mouths sucking of each other, filling your mouths with your hot come.”

I sat very still through all of this, listening to and watching the two of them.

The room fell quiet for a minute as everyone tried to think of something to say. As we sat there, John put his hand on my thigh. I jumped a little and then settled back further in the chair. Were we going to fuck in front of this curious woman or was this all a fantasy of hers. Without a word spoken, John’s hand started moving up my thigh. I didn’t look at him or try to stop him. I wasn’t sure what was going to happen but I definitely, wanted to be there at that moment. I wanted to see if he would go for her challenge or not.

His hand rubbed across my crotch lightly and I felt my erection starting to push against my pants. His hand rubbed across me again, only this time a little harder. He felt the bulge in my pants and I swear I heard a little groan come out of his mouth as he felt my hardness. I let him continue to rub my erection as it grew inside my pants. Finally moving a little towards him, I turning my body so he could see the bulge in my pants and have more direct access to it. I looked into his eyes as he concentrated on what he was doing but he looked up and smiled at me, still not saying anything.

I moved a little closer to him again and he reached up and started to undo my shirt, one button at a time. I watched him as he did and he seemed to be in a daze as he finally reached the final button, pulling my shirt open and baring my chest. 

I leaned forward and let him take my shirt off. He moved right next to me and leaned into me, gently taking one of my nipples into his mouth and sucking on it. I reached up and held his head against me as he continued to lick and suck on my nipple. He moved over to the other nipple and soon had it standing straight out from my chest. His tongue was soft against me and I held his head a little harder against me.

He finally looked up and I leaned forward, our lips meeting in a soft kiss. He responded by moving closer and we started exploring each other’s mouth with our tongues as he continued to rub my chest and pinch my nipples. After a few minutes, his hand ran down my bare chest and I felt him trying to undo my pants. I leaned back and watched him undo them completely, my erection straining against my shorts and in plain view. Again, I heard him groan a little as he eyed me. I stood up and watched the doctor’s wife as I pulled my pants down and off, my erection standing straight out, pointing at her. 

She had a glazed look in her eyes and was staring at my erection as if she had never seen one before. I felt John’s hands on my ass as I stood there and his tongue lick up my crack. I stepped back towards him and leaned forward a little. He spread my cheeks and I felt his tongue exploring my hole, pressing against it and licking all around it. I looked around at him and saw the telltale bulge in his pants. It looked enormous and I knew I wanted to see it.

I stepped forward and turned to him. Reaching down, I undid his pants as quickly as I could and then took them off him. His erection was a thing of beauty. His cock was standing straight up in the air, its head pointing at me, its veins sticking out along his length. I took it in my hand and he groaned again. I ran my hand up and down him a few times but wanted more, so I leaned down and took him into my mouth, savoring the taste of his precum that had gathered in his slit.

He reached over and held my head as I sucked on him. His head was so soft and his shaft was as hard as it could have been. He was groaning more as I continued to suck him. Suddenly, I felt his hand on my cock again. I moved closer to him and as I continued to suck him, he rubbed my cock, up and down. 

“I want to taste you,” he said softly as he lifted my head off his cock. “I want to feel your cock in my mouth.”

I stepped forward and he opened his mouth. I pushed my cock slowly into his mouth, running my head slowly across his lips and then down to the back of his throat. He half gagged as I hit the back of his throat so I pulled out of him a little, still keeping myself inside him. He started to suck me as I held his head in my hands, trying to keep his head in place as he started to move up and down my cock, sucking harder.

As I held on to the back of his head, I thrust my hips at him slowly, signaling him that I wanted to fuck his mouth. He understood immediately and sat back in the chair, my cock popping out of his mouth.

“Oh, yes. I want you to fuck my mouth,” he said, pulling me towards him and opening his mouth again to receive me.

I stepped into him and thrust my hips forward, my cock again hitting the back of his throat. This time he didn’t gag and I started to thrust in and out of him. After a few minutes, he wrapped his hand around the base of my cock and held me as I continued thrusting in and out of him. Soon, I felt my balls tingle a little and then exploded into his mouth, my come splashing against the top of his mouth.

He groaned loudly when I came and started to swallow over and over again as I emptied my balls into him. I felt my cock spew its load into him three or four times as he swallowed all of it. Finally, I was finished coming and just stood in front of him, my cock softening in his mouth as he licked it gently, trying to get more of my come out of me. He finally let my cock slide out of his mouth and looked up at me.

“You taste so sweet,” he said, still holding onto my cock. “I love the taste of come.” 

My legs were shaking a little so I sat down beside him on the seat and reached over, taking his hard cock in my hand. I was gone by now. I was so into this that the next thing I said surprised even me.

“I’d love to taste your come too but I’d rather feel your cock up my ass.”

“Oh man, I’d love to fuck you,” he said, standing up to take off his shirt. I watched him as he stood in front of me. “I love the taste of your ass too.”

I got off the seat and laid down on the floor, facing up at him. I could see his cock twitching a little as he lowered himself over me. I lifted my legs up and he held them apart as he pointed his hard cock at my ass hole. I wanted to watch his face as he pounded my ass. He grabbed my ankles and spread my legs apart even more, lifting me up a little further into the air as he lowered himself until his cock was pushing against my hole.

“I need a little lubricating,” I said.

“Let me help,” I heard the doctor’s wife say and suddenly she was down between us, sucking on my ass hole and on John’s hard cock. 

I wasn’t in any position to help so I watched the two of them. John had his eyes closed and his head thrown back as she expertly sucked on him, licking up and down his length, leaving her saliva in small gobs on his cock. She leaned down and licked my hole, running her tongue around it in small circles, again, leaving her saliva on it.

After a minute or two, she sat up.

“There I hope that helps,” she said, sitting down beside us on the seat, watching us intently.

I felt John’s cock against my hole again and he pushed into me with a sudden lunge. There was no pain to speak of but I felt more pressure than I had before because he was larger than I had ever had in me. The pressure grew as he pushed into me until finally, I felt his balls against my cheeks. I looked up at him.

“Fuck me hard,” I said, trying to push up against his first thrust. “Fuck me.”

He started to thrust in and out of my ass, taking his time as I felt the head of his cock rubbing against the walls of my canal, every time he thrust fully into me. I relaxed as much as I could and started to really enjoy his cock. He moved me up on my shoulders a little more and was now, thrusting down and up, filling my ass with his hard cock fully every thrust in.

“God, that feels good,” I said, looking at his eyes. “I love your cock inside me. It fills my ass completely. I want to feel you come inside me.”

That spurred him on a bit and he started to thrust faster. I heard him grunt once before feeling his cock start spewing his hot come down into my ass. I groaned as I felt him come and my ass felt warm as he spurted into me over and over again. He closed his eyes and groaned loudly as he emptied himself into me. He finished coming and just stood, holding himself against my ass as tightly as he could, trying to get all his come into me. 

I caught a glimpse of the doctor’s wife’s face as he started to pull out of me and she had a big grin on her face, a lusty look in her eyes and was licking her lips as John’s cock popped out of my ass.

“God, that felt good,” I said as he lowered my legs. “I loved your cock inside me.”

“I’m glad you did because I loved fucking you,” he answered with a wry grin. “I’ve never fucked the doc but from now on, its definitely going to be on the agenda.”

“That was so beautiful,” the doctor’s wife said. “Watching to two of you, the hardness, the passion, the needing. That was beautiful.”

I just looked at her and smiled. John was getting his clothes on as I sat on the floor watching him.

“Maybe you two should get together with my husband some night,” she said, looking first at me and then at John. “I’d love to watch the three of you make love.”

“I’d like that,” John said as he finished putting his clothes on. ‘I’d like that very much.”

“Me too,” I responded, smiling up at him.

“Well, I have to go,” he said as he started towards the front door.

“When are you free again John?” the doctor’s wife asked.

“I don’t know,” he said as he reached the door. “Have the doc call me.”

He opened the door and then looked at me.

“Next time, I want to feel your cock inside my ass,” he said. “I want to feel what it’s like to be fucked by a hard cock and want to feel it come inside me.”

I just nodded and he left, closing the door quietly behind him. I looked at the doctor’s wife and grinned.

“I’d better be going too,” I said as I stood up, reaching for my clothes.

“I’m sorry,” she said watching me get dressed, “if I pushed you into something you didn’t want to do.”

“You didn’t,” I answered. “I wanted it. The more I get fucked, the more I want it. Do you understand that?”

“Yes, I know what you’re saying.”

“Well, tell the doc I was here and am sorry I missed him,” I said as I reached the door.

“He’ll be the one who is sorry,” she answered, smiling broadly at me.

I went out the door and when I got to my car, I just sat there for a few minutes. My ass wasn’t sore but I could feel John’s come oozing out of it. Fuck, I thought, I had just been fucked by a perfect stranger. I wanted more. I loved the feeling of a hard cock up my ass so much, I was ready for another. My mind started thinking of where I could go to get fucked as I started the car.

On the way home, I drove past a park. I slowed down and tried to see if there was anyone in it but it was too dark. As I came around a corner, I saw a man entering the park. He looked around to see if anyone was watching him and then disappeared into the darkness. I quickly found a parking spot and got out of the car, walking slowly over towards where I had seen the man go. I looked around and then walked into the park.

My heart was pounding a little in my chest but I knew what I wanted. I hadn’t gone very far when I heard a voice in the darkness.

“Hey buddy, you want to get fucked?”

I stopped and turned towards the voice. I couldn’t see anyone so started walking again. What the hell was I doing? Was I becoming so engrossed in wanting a cock in my ass that I would do anything to get it? Again I heard the voice.

“Hey, don’t walk away. I’d love to fuck you with my big, hard cock,” it said, again stopping me in my tracks.

I thought, oh what the hell. This is what you came for isn’t it? I took a few steps towards the voice and was soon, thigh deep in bushes. I stumbled a little in the darkness, but kept going and found a man standing, his cock out of his pants, standing against a tree. I couldn’t make out his features but he had a long, thick cock and I wanted it.

I walked over to him and leaned against the tree, pulling my pants down around my ankles. He moved behind me and I felt his cock pushing against my ass hole. I leaned forward a little more and he entered me. I groaned quietly as he pushed himself completely into me and started to thrust in and out. He grunted every time he entered me fully and I leaned over more, my ass completely at his disposal.

He fucked me for what seemed like forever, then I heard him groan as his cock exploded inside me, his hot come spewing up into me, warming my ass again. He thrust into me a few more times and then quickly pulled out of me. Before I could turn around, I heard his zipper being pulled up and a rustle of the bushes as he disappeared. I stood for a few minutes, my pants still around my ankles, watching the bushes, maybe hoping someone else would join me.

I didn’t see or hear anyone so I pulled my pants up and went back out of the bushes the way I had come. I stopped when I got out of them and listened again. Still no one. I started towards my car but stopped. Maybe I could find someone else to fuck me. I turned and started back into the darkness of the park. By the time I got back to my car, I had been fucked four times, by different sizes of cocks and had four different loads of come, now pouring out of my ass. As I drove home, I could feel the wetness on the back of my pants but I didn’t care. 

I had been fucked six times that night and I knew I would be back for more. It didn’t matter that I never knew who the guy was who was fucking me in the park, the only thing that mattered was that I had a hard cock up my ass. I was turning into a fiend about it and again, I didn’t care. All I could think about was having a cock pounding in and out of my ass, no matter, where or with whom.