 I had a few days to think about what I had done and what I wanted. The night in the park was ingrained in me and I wasn't sure if I would ever do that again but the memories of it always made me feel hot and wanting. I had fallen under the spell of having someone inside my ass and I didn't know how to change the fact that I enjoyed it and wanted more.

The day after my park excursion, my wife was doing the wash and found my now dried come covered pants.

"What did you get all over these?" she asked, holding them up, showing me the stain.

"I sat in something at work the other day," I answered, trying not to let my face redden at being caught.

"You should have told me right away and I would have soaked them," she said, throwing them into the washer. It's a funny smelling stain and it doesn't look like coffee."

"I don't know what it is but it sure made for a few embarrassing moments at work, I can tell you," I answered, quickly heading out of the room.

I heard her giggle a little as I walked away but if I hadn't, my reddening face would have given away the truth. I quickly left and went to work, trying to get over the fact that she had almost caught me. All through the day, I kept trying to come up with a good explanation if she did catch me. On the way home, I found that I was scared of seeing her just in case, she had figured anything out. I shouldn't have worried because she met me at the door, as usual, and didn't say anything. I was extremely relieved and relaxed, enjoying the evening but my mind was wandering.

After dinner, she startled me a little.

"You've been out a lot lately. Is everything at work ok?" she asked.

"Fine, it's just that we've had a few problems and needed a few late meetings to try and fix things, that's all."

"Well, I hope you get things straightened out soon. I don't like you being out until all hours and not knowing where or what you're doing."

"It shouldn't take long now. I think we have everything figured out. Maybe one or two more meetings should do the trick. Sorry if I worried you."

The conversation died there and I was relieved but frustrated a little. I wanted to tell her everything but I realized that this was not the time. My mind wandered to the next day. I had made arrangements to meet the doctor again at his place. I was frustrated that I had to wait for a whole day but I made it through and later that night, found myself knocking on his door again.

As I entered his place, I saw John sitting in a chair watching me. 

"I see you two have met," the doctor said, smiling at me.

"Yes, the other night when you weren't home," I answered, smiling back at him.

I sat down beside John and he looked at me with a look that I knew was going to lead to something. He had that look of a man who wanted to be fucked on his face and he wasn't trying to hide it.

The doctor sat down across from the two of us and just looked at us, not saying anything. In fact, no one spoke, for what seemed like the longest time. Finally, I cleared my throat.

"Well, what do you want to do?" I asked with a big grin on my face.

I looked first at the doctor and then at John. Neither of them said anything but they both had grins on their faces.

"Maybe this will help," I said. "I had an interesting experience the other night after I left here."

They both looked at me. I started telling them about my excursion into the park. As I related my adventure, I could see that they both were getting excited as their erections were soon straining against the front of their pants as I continued.

"After the first guy had fucked me, I walked further into the park. It didn't take long for another voice to call me and I found myself on my hands and knees with a hard cock up my ass, fucking the hell out of me. I loved it. His cock wasn't that big but it was long and thin. Every time he thrust into me, I could feel it hit the end of my canal and bounce, back down me. He held my hips in his hands as he thrust in and out of me and when he came, his cock spurted at least a half a dozen times. His come filled my ass and ran down my legs when he pulled out of me."

I hesitated and looked at John. He was rubbing his erection through his pants and had his eyes half closed as he listened.

"The third guy pushed me over a tree branch and fucked me as I hung almost upside down. He pounding me, thrusting up and down and again filled my ass with his come. The fourth guy had a huge cock. He had a little trouble getting it into me but when he did, he fucked me like there was no tomorrow. I can still feel his thick, long cock inside me."

"Jesus, I don't know if I could do that," John said. "I mean taking a cock up your ass is one thing but not knowing who is fucking you is another."

"You're right," the doctor said quietly. "There's too much of a chance of catching something doing things that way. If I were you, I would be very careful about fucking strange people and not knowing whether or not they are clean."

"I know it was a chance but I couldn't help myself. I saw that guy go into the park and it drew me to him, I think," I said, smiling at the two of them.

We all sat and didn't say anything for the longest time then John spoke up.

"You know, I think I'd like to try that," he said, sitting up in his chair straighter.

"No you don't," the doctor said. "It's too risky."

"I know it is but it's something I'd like to try," John said with a grin.

"Do you want to try it tonight?" I asked John.

"Yeah, I think I do. Let's go," he said, getting up out of his chair. "You coming, doc?"

"No, I think I'll just stay here," he answered, the smile gone from his face. "But you two be careful."

I followed John out of the doctor's place and we drove to the park. Circling it slowly, I found a parking spot, not far from it but close enough that we could leave without being seen. As we walked towards the park, I could sense that John was getting a little excited but he was also a little scared.

"How do we do this?" he asked, stopping me at the entrance to the park.

"We'll just walk along the path for a while and see what happens," was all I could think to say.

"Ok, but I don't want to lost you in the dark," he said.

"Just follow me and stay close."

We started into the park. It wasn't long before we heard a voice asking us if we wanted to be fucked. I heard John swallow.

"Do we answer him?" he asked, whispering.

"No, just follow me," I said, taking his arm and leading him into some bushes. "Careful, don't fall."

We came upon a man standing against a tree, his cock out of his pants, his hand rubbing up and down his length. Without hesitation, I undid my pants and pulled them down around my ankles and shuffled over, leaning over against the tree. The man was between my legs instantly and I felt his cock against my hole, pushing against it. He entered me and thrust himself as far into me as he could then started fucking me with long and slow thrusts.

"You like that, don't you?" he whispered to me. "You like to have a hard cock up your ass fucking you, don't you?"

I didn't say anything but concentrated on his cock filling my ass.

"You like being fucked by a hard cock, don't you slut," he said. "I'm going to fill your ass with my hot come and watch it run out of you and down your legs, you slut."

I leaned forward a little more and he started thrusting faster and faster. Just as he grunted, I heard a yelp beside me. I looked over and another man was pushing his hard cock into John. With his pants around his ankles, John was leaning over, resting against his knees as the man behind him pushed into him. For someone who had never had a cock inside his ass before, John wasn't having any trouble taking, all of this guy and seemed to be enjoying it.

"Yeah, that's it. Get your big cock inside me and fuck me," I heard him say.

I watched the hard cock disappear into John and saw his face in the dim light. He had a look of surprise and pleasure on it as he took the entire length of the guy into him. 

The guy fucking me must have been watching them too as he slowed down and almost stopped. I wiggled my ass at him, pushed back against him and he started thrusting faster and faster in and out of me. Soon, I felt his cock twitch and then felt his come spurt out of his head and up my ass, splashing against the walls of my canal. He grunted when he came and thrust a few more times into me before he finished and pulled himself out of my ass. I heard his zipper being pulled up but he didn't move as he was watching John take the hard cock up his ass.

I turned around and leaned against the tree, my pants still around my ankles and watched the guy fucking John start to come. I heard John groan softly as the guy grunted. He pulled out of John and his come flew across John's back, covering it with a white glaze. John didn't move as the guy finished and quickly zipped up his pants.

"Thanks, man," the guy said and he disappeared through the bushes.

I looked at the guy beside me and he had a big grin on his face.

"I'd like a piece of that," he said, moving closer to John whom had straightened up. "I'd fuck you better than that other guy did."

John just stood there, not knowing what to do as the guy moved behind him and rubbed his ass with his hand.

"Um, that feels good," the guy said as he thrust a finger into John's ass. "I bet you like that, don't you?"

John just grunted a little but didn't say anything.

"Take your pants off," the guy commanded John. "I want your legs up in the air and I want to watch your face as I fuck the hell out of you."

John looked at me and then bent over, pulling his pants off himself and throwing them in a pile beside him.

"Get down on your back," the guy commanded him. "Spread your legs wide and let me see your hot ass hole."

John slowly did as he was told and I watched him spread his legs apart so the guy could see his hole.

"That's it. Hold it open for me, slut."

The guy unzipped his pants and pulled them down. He knelt down between John's legs and pointed his cock at his hole, thrusting his hips forward. I heard John gasp a little as he guy entered his ass.

"Oh yeah. Your ass feels better than the other guy's," the man said as he pushed his entire length up into John. "I'm going to enjoy fucking you and your hot ass."

I saw John's face as he guy started thrusting in and out of him. He had his eyes closed and a funny little smile was on his lips.

"You really like this don't you?" the guy said. "You're enjoying the feeling of my hard cock pounding your ass, don't you? I bet you want me to come inside you too, don't you?"

John didn't answer him. I could hear him groaning slightly with every thrust the guy made with his hips, plunging in and out of John's ass faster and faster. I was mesmerized by the sight of this guy's cock fucking John's ass and didn't hear the man come up behind me. I felt a hand wrap itself around my waist and then move down my leg. I jumped.

"Relax," I heard a voice say in the dark. "I'm going to fuck your ass."

I felt him trying to take my clothes off. I looked down and stepped out of them as he pulled them away from me. He took my arm and led me towards another tree, out of sight of John and the guy fucking him. As he pushed me over a branch sticking out across the path, I could still hear John groaning in the darkness.

"Bend over," the voice behind commanded. "Push your ass up in the air."

I leaned over the branch and pushed my hole out at him, inviting him to fuck me. He leaned over and saw the come running down my legs.

"You've been busy," he said as I felt him stand up again, leaning against me. 

I heard his belt being undone and his zipper coming down. I closed my eyes and waited. I felt his head against me, then his cock sliding up my canal until he was fully inside me, his balls resting against my ass. He wasted little time and started to fuck me with long, fast strokes, filling me entirely every time he thrust into me.

"Oh fuck, that feels good," I heard him say. "Your ass is so tight. I love fucking tight asses."

He grunted every time he thrust into me, and I soon felt his head twitch, his hot come splashing against my canal walls as he came with a loud grunt.

"Oh fuck. I'm coming," he said. "I'm going to fill your ass so full, you won't be able to sit down for a week without some of it running out of you."

Hr grunted every time his cock spurt up into me as he finished coming but didn't pull out of me.

"That felt so good, I think I'm going to do it again," he said, leaning over me, whispering at me.

I felt his cock starting to harden and it wasn't long before he was thrusting in and out of my ass again, pounding his balls against my ass with a loud slap every time he thrust fully up into me. I groaned softly as he fucked me harder than the first time.

"You love it, don't you?" he said as he continued pounding my ass. "You love a hard cock up your ass, don't you? You love the feeling of hot come filling your ass, don't you?"

I mumbled something but he didn't seem to hear me.

"Fuck, I love the tightness of your ass."

He fucked me for a long time, changing the angle of his thrust, every now and then but not slowing down. I could feel my ass getting sore and I just wanted him to finish. Finally, he came in a rush of come, making me clench my muscles around him, holding him inside me as he filled my canal with his hot come, warming my ass. He finally pulled out of me with a loud grunt and before I could straighten up, I heard his pants being pulled up and his zipper closing.

"Meet me tomorrow night," he said before he left. "I want to fuck that tight ass again and again."

I straightened up and looked around. John was standing looking at me, a big grin on his face. He had his clothes draped over his arm.

"That was great to see," he said. "You looked so helpless as that guy fucked you. He sure pounded your ass, didn't he?"

I smiled slightly at what he had said. My ass was sore and I could feel the come running down my legs. I sighed as I tried to relax and looked at John with half closed eyes. 

"I think I'm done," I said. "My ass is a little sore."

"That's too bad," Johns said as he moved closer to me. "I was hoping to fuck you myself."

I opened my eyes fully and looked down between John's legs. His erection was standing straight out from his groin and was waving slightly as he moved closer.

"No, John. Not tonight, I'm too sore," I said, half turning away from him. 

Before I knew it, John had me over the branch again, his head trying to find the opening to my hole.

"No don't, John," I said, trying to raise myself up.

He leaned against me, holding my over the branch and I felt his cock enter me, spreading my hole wide open again. He pushed his cock into me until I felt it hit the end of my canal and then he started.

He wasn't gentle at all. He pounded in and out of me as hard as he could. I could feel the lust in his thrusts as he pounded my ass. He was breathing hard as he fucked me and was soon panting heavily as he continued.

"God, that feels good," I heard him say. "Take my hard cock, you slut. Take all of it and love it."

Now John was not just fucking me, he was almost raping me. He wasn't slowing down at all but was speeding up his thrusts and I felt his head twitch just as he started to empty himself into me.

"Oh shit, I'm coming in your ass," he yelled. "I'm going to fill your ass with my hot come."

He plunged into me a few more times and then I felt his weight on me as he panted into my ear. Finally, he pulled out of me, standing up behind me.

"Sorry man," he said. "It's just that the sight of you bent over that branch, taking a hard cock up your ass was too much. I had to fuck you, I'm sorry."

I didn't say anything but looked around for my clothes. I slowly pulled them over my sore ass and zipped them up.

"Come on, I think it's time for us to leave," I said as I walked past him and through the bushes. 

I didn't look back and walked straight to the car. I looked around and found myself alone. John hadn't followed me so I got into the car and drove off, leaving him. As I drove, I knew that I was done with men for a while. My ass was sore and I knew I had had enough, at least for the time being. Besides, I didn't want to have to explain to my wife what the stains were on my pants every time I came home. It was time to stop and I knew it.