 I had made my appointment with a doctor who specializes in hair problems (hair removal, premature baldness, bald spots, etc). I had noticed in the past year that all my body hair, with the exception of my head and face, stopped growing back. I had usually shaved it all off because of my swimming. I had found that even body hair offers resistance through the water. I wanted to find out exactly why my hair was no longer growing back, and if there was something wrong with me.

I arrived at my appointment on time and was now waiting in the reception room. I was the last patient of the day and so I was alone. I looked up as a male nurse called my name. I stood up and followed him to the doctor's room. The nurse was hot. He was in his late 20s and about 6' tanned sculpted body with brown hair. He took me into the room. He introduced himself as Nurse Drake. He then told me to strip completely and to put on their paper gown. He then left so I could get changed. I was a little glad he left, because I had grown hard imagining what he could do to me.

I was now sitting alone in the doctor's room. The nurse came back in and began asking me questions. He asked me what brought me to the m today. I told him about my body hair. He nodded and began asking other general health questions (smoking, infections, family health history, etc). I answered them honestly and he then started the primary check-up. He checked my throat, ears, heart, and lungs. He would comment that he saw nothing wrong. 

He then asked about my exercise routine. I told him about swimming every day and running too. He seemed to have expected that answer. He then asked when I had first noticed my body hair disappearing. I told him in the past year. He then had me stand up and raise my gown. I was a little nervous, but just went with it. He put on latex gloves and examined my legs, chest, arms, and back. I then jumped slightly when he touched my balls and dick.

He chuckled and said he was sorry if his hands were cold. He finished his exam and wrote down his findings. He then told me to have a seat and that the doctor would be in to see me soon. I waited as patiently as I could a tried to will myself to relax. I heard a knock at the door as the doctor entered the room, with Drake in tow.

The doctor was about 30 years old, 6'1" not as tanned as drake, with dark brown almost black hair. He smiled and introduced himself as Dr. Petrov. I could tell by his accent, that he hailed from somewhere in or near Russia. He was just as sculpted as Nurse Drake. I swallowed as I tried not to think of sex. He went over Drake's notes and asked me about the hair loss. I told him that it was just my body hair. I said I didn't consider it a problem, since I shaved my body hair regularly. But I wanted to find out why it had stopped growing back and to make sure I was not sick or something.

Dr. Petrov nodded and told me to stand up and to remove the gown completely. I did as he ordered, but was now really nervous standing before these two hot guys naked. Nurse Drake then began talking to Dr. Petrov telling him about my complete lack of body hair. Every now and then he would stroke his hand over a part of my body and remark that I was "baby smooth." Dr. Petrov would nod at this and continue to examine me.

They both then knelt down and examined my hairless cock and balls. I was floored and trying to think of anything boring, but their constant touching and manipulations took their toll on me. I began to feel my cock get hard. I mumbled out an embarrassed apology. Dr. Petrov said it was fine, and that considering what they were doing he would be surprised if it didn't effect me.

I nodded in relief. I could have sworn I saw them smile at each other as Dr. Petrov said, "Ok. I need to have closer look. Climb up on the exam table on your back."

I did as I was told. They then secured my feet in the metal table stirrups to keep my legs spread. The table was a little cold, so that helped get my cock under control, a little. Dr. Petrov knelt down between my legs for a closer look. I felt Dr. Petrov's gloved fingers as he examined my hairless asshole. I heard Nurse Drake say, "It's amazing. He has absolutely no body hair. No razor burns. And no signs that the hair is ingrown or trying to grow back."

Dr. Petrov nodded and agreed. Dr. Petrov then asked if the lack of hair was uncomfortable or caused me any problems. I answered with a no. Dr. Petrov then stood up between my legs and placed his hands on my naked thighs. I felt him stroke my inner thighs slightly. My cock sprang back to attention. Nurse Drake was now standing next to my head.

Dr. Petrov then said, "Well I see no reason to worry. I can't find any infections or diseases that may be affecting you. I think you are in proper health. Looking at you, I can tell you eat right and get plenty of exercise. But if its ok with you, Nurse Drake and I can perform a more thorough examination. Just to make sure EVERYTHING about you in in proper working order."

I was seriously turned on now. I knew that it wasn't in my head. These two hot men were into me, or wanted to be IN me. I nodded and said, "Ok."

Dr. Petrov then smiled as he continued to stroke my inner thighs. He said, "Good. It's better we be safe. I like making sure my patients are in full working order. Don't you, Nurse Drake?"

Nurse Drake nodded and said, "Yes doctor. I think he needs a complete examination, before we can let him leave."

Dr. Petrov then smiled and knelt back between my knees. I felt his warm breath on my asshole, right before I felt his tongue begin to probe deep inside my boy hole. I heard Dr. Petrov moan as I relaxed my asshole and allowed him complete access to my needy hole. Dr. Petrov looked up at me and said, "That's it. Just relax. Nurse Drake, why don't you start the oral exam. I may be down here a while." He then reinserted his tongue back into my asshole.

Nurse Drake then undid his pants and brought out his hard cock as he said, "Open up. I need to do my part in this exam too."

I eagerly complied and opened my mouth. Nurse Drake then placed his hard cock into my waiting mouth. I began to bob my head back and forth, sucking his nice hard cock. I was thoroughly enjoying the tongue probing my asshole as I sucked the nurse's cock. I started sucking hard on just the cock head, and running my tongue over his piss slit. Then would work my mouth over the whole shaft and suck his cock completely. I would then take his cock head deep in my throat and swallow, massaging and working his cock head with my throat muscles.

I heard Nurse Drake moan at my attention to detail. He began to moan out, "That's it. Work the whole cock. That's a good boy. Doctor, he knows what he is doing. I think he will appreciate the thoroughness of this examination." I heard the doctor chuckle from his position between my legs, with his tongue still buried in my asshole.

Dr. Petrov then stopped licking my hole and joined Nurse Drake by my head. Nurse Drake then removed Dr. Petrov's cock from his pants and presented it to me. I took the doctor's cock in my mouth and began working it as I had worked Nurse Drake's cock. I heard moans and groans as I continued to suck the two cocks. I started to alternate between the two hard cocks, sucking one while I worked the other with my hand. I would then switch to the other cock. 

I heard more moaning and looked up to see them locked in a passionate kiss as I continued to suck their cocks. I then took both cocks in my mouth at once and really sucked them both hard Dr. Petrov and Nurse Drake continued moaning and kissing as they began to thrust into my mouth. The double stimulation of my mouth working their cocks and their cocks rubbed against each other, began to really make them harder than before. I was amazed at how hard the cocks were now. I could hardly believe the turn of events that had led me here.

Dr. Petrov then pulled his cock out of my mouth and said, "I think it's time I returned to his anal exam."

He then walked back between my legs and slowly pushed his cock head into my still wet asshole. I moaned around the cock in my mouth as I felt every inch of the doctor's cock enter my tight asshole. Dr. Petrov moaned as he enjoyed the tight warm asshole fully engulf his hard massive cock. He then began to work up a slow but steady rhythm of fucking my asshole.

His pace began to quicken and his thrusts plunge deeper into my asshole. My mouth was being forced deeper onto Nurse Drake's cock every time Dr. Petrov would thrust into my ass. 

Dr. Petrov began to moan, "That's it. Take my big cock in your ass. I want to see you suck that cock real good as I fuck your tight asshole." I was really getting nailed now. Both Dr. Petrov and Nurse Drake were fucking into me. I continued to suck the cock in my mouth as the doctor fucked my asshole deep and hard.

Dr. Petrov then slowed down, but plunged his cock into my asshole even deeper. He would bring his cock completely out of my asshole, then plunge back in all the way to his balls. My moans were muffled by the cock in my mouth. Dr. Petrov and Nurse Drake's moans were loud and deep. 

Nurse Drake then began to moan, "Yeah, fuck his asshole doctor. Go real deep. He's sucking my cock so good. He loves these cocks inside him."

I began to clinch my asshole around that nice hard cock plunging in and out of my greedy asshole.

Dr. Petrov moaned, "You bet he loves these cocks. He's making his asshole nice and tight for my big cock. I think we should give him some injections. Just to make sure he'll stay healthy."

Nurse drake loved that idea, saying "Oh yeah. I bet he will need numerous injections, before we can let him leave." 

Dr. Petrov then pulled out of my ass and said, "Ok now flip over. Get on your hands and knees."

I quickly did as ordered. I positioned myself exactly as requested. Nurse Drake then went back to fucking my throat and Dr. Petrov plunged his hard cock back into my war ass. They began to both pick up the pace of their thrusts into me. They had worked up a rhythm that one would thrust into me, driving my body back to meet the other's thrusts. I was really being slammed back and forth by these two massive cocks burying themselves deep in my asshole and throat. 

I felt Nurse Drake's cock begin to twitch. I knew he wouldn't last long. I then clamped my asshole down on Dr. Petrov's cock and slammed back to meet his thrusts. I wanted them both to cum inside me at the same time. They were moaning loudly and fucking me hard. Dr. Petrov then shouted something in Russian as he buried his hard cock deep into my bowels. I felt his hard cock erupt with a flood of hot man seed deep inside me. I felt his cum hitting my insides with each spurt.

I moaned around the cock in my mouth, as Nurse Drake buried his cock in my throat. I swallowed around the cock head as fast as I could. I felt the cock head grow in size as I felt the first spray of cum shoot down my throat. I continued to suck the hard cock as he spent himself down my throat. They were both moaning loudly as their cock's released the last drops of cum inside me. I continued clinching my asshole and pushing back and forth on Dr. Petrov's cock as I sucked the entire shaft of Nurse Drake's cock, milking them of all their cum.

They were both breathing hard at this point. I had sucked all the cum out of Nurse Drake's cock and milked Dr. Petrov's cock for all I could with my asshole, but I was amazed that they were both still rock hard.

Nurse Drake then said, "I think it's time for us to continue his examination, don't' you doctor?"

Dr. Petrov moaned out, "Good idea nurse. Ok boy. I want you to get up off the table."

I did as instructed, not know what was next. Nurse Drake then climbed up onto the table on his back, grabbed his still hard cock and said, "Ok boy. Climb on up."

I climbed on top of him and lowered my cum filled ass down onto the hard shaft. I took his cock in easily. The doctor's cum adding all the lubrication that was needed. I straddled his waist and sat on his thighs as I buried the hard cock all the way inside me. I started to work my asshole up and down the hard shaft, rocking my hips for deeper penetration and more speed. Nurse Drake then pulled me down so our chests were touching. I then felt Dr. Petrov's cock touch my asshole.

I moaned as Dr. Petrov's cock worked it's way into my tightly packed asshole. Inch by inch the doctor pushed his hard cock into my ass until it was pressed up against Nurse Drake's cock and buried all the way inside me. I moaned loudly at the great feeling of their two cocks in my asshole. My asshole felt amazingly full. They let me get used to the feeling, then they started to work my asshole.

Nurse Drake began to thrust his hips up, forcing his cock deeper and deeper into my cock filled asshole. Dr. Petrov began a slow and steady pounding of my asshole from behind. They both moaned as they felt their hard cocks rubbing against each other inside me. I moaned at the over-stretched feeling of two cocks pounding my asshole, and the feeling of both their cocks thrusting in and out of my asshole. They didn't fuck my in rhythm with each other. They fucked at their own paces. 

Dr. Petrov seemed to really like it hard and rough, so he kept up a fast and deep plunging in and out of my asshole. Nurse Drake seemed to want to take his time, so his thrusts were more slow and steady. That two different styles of ass fuck that were currently fucking my asshole had my head spinning. I was moaning loudly as my hole was being pounded and stretched tight. I was stuck between the two of them, so there was no way I could rock back into them. They decided the pace and depth. I was at their mercy. I was in slut heaven.

I began to moan out, "Please fuck me. Fuck me harder. I want to feel both of you cum inside my tight asshole. Fill my boy ass with your cum, please."

This filthy begging turned them considerably, because they both began fucking me even harder. The added stimulation of their cocks rubbing against each other inside my warm asshole, drove them both towards their goals. I felt Nurse Drake grip my ass cheeks and thrust up even harder. Dr. Petrov had a hold of my hair and shoulder and he started slamming his cock so hard and deep into my asshole, that the table began to rock back and forth.

My moans grew louder as I felt my hard cock pressed between myself and Nurse Drake begin be stimulated by the force of our body movements. I was being fucked so hard that my own cock was about to explode. My moans grew louder and faster as my orgasm grew closer and the cocks in my asshole fucked faster and deeper. I finally threw my head back and moaned loudly as my orgasm over took me. I felt my cock explode between Nurse Drake and me. Spurt after spurt of hot boy cum flew from my cock and coated us. The force of my cumming caused my asshole to spasm and tighten around the cocks inside me.

Dr. Petrov moaned loudly as he gripped my hair roughly. He slammed his cock all the way inside me as his cock began to shoot his hot man load deep inside my asshole. I moaned at the feeling of his hot man seed being dumped deep inside me. Nurse Drake felt my asshole tighten and then felt Dr. Petrov's cum begin to erupt. All of this sent him over the edge. He thrust his cock up and deep inside me, as he too began to seed my boy hole with his hot man cum. We all stayed like that for a few minutes, riding out our orgasm highs.

Slowly, Dr. Petrov pulled his softening cock from my asshole and stood up. I then stood up on shaky legs and got my breathing under control. Nurse Drake then calmly stood up. Nurse Drake then opened up a cabinet and handed Dr. Petrov and me each a wet wipe. We all then tidied up ourselves, before getting dressed. Dr. Petrov then turned to me and said, "I believe the loss of body hair growth is due to your constant swimming. I don't expect you will suffer any ill effects. But all the chlorine from the pools seems to have stunted your body hair growth. Your lack of any adverse side effects seems to point to this as the cause."

I nodded as I got dressed and said, "Thank you doctor. So its nothing to worry about?"

He shook his head and said, "Not that I can see. Your stamina is on par with your age group."

This statement caused Nurse Drake to chuckle and say, "Yeah, a boy your age in your state of physical fitness has nothing to worry about. If you can have us pounding your asshole that hard, you can do almost anything."

Dr. Petrov silently gave Nurse Drake a glare as he said to the nurse, "I believe you have other duties to perform Nurse Drake."

Nurse Drake then smacked my ass as he walked by and smirked at me once more, then left the room.

Dr. Petrov turned back to me and continued, "Yes. You should be perfectly fine. If you should have any other issues, feel free to call us or come back for a follow up." He then smirked and said, "But if you just want us to fuck you senseless again, just call us at home. Our cocks are always ready to pound an asshole and mouth like yours."

Dr. Petrov then handed me a card with his phone number and home address. I thanked him and said, that I would definitely be needing to make a house call.