 Peter grew up in the ghetto of NYC. His neighborhood was considered one of the worst in the area. It was nothing new for him to be curled up on his couch in the studio apartment he shared with his mother and hear gunshots right outside his window. Or to be walking to school when suddenly he would have to duck into an alley when a car driving by starts sending bullets flying. It is also a pretty common occurrence for him to be released from school early due to bomb threats. Needless to say, it was not the best neighborhood for a growing boy.

Even with all the threats of death though, Peter was happy with his life. He was always being watched over by the people who lived near him. The women who walked the streets at night selling their bodies for cash especially watched out for him. This could probably be because his mother was one of them.

Yup...Peter's mother was a hooker. It was nothing new for him to come home from school and walk in and find his mother with a customer. Many nights he awoke curled up in his bed listening to the grunts and groans coming from across the room.

Peter learned at a young age the story of the birds and the bees. Not that he was allowed to find out first hand. His mother told him flat out when he was old enough to know about sex that if she found out he had given his body to anybody before he turned 18, she would personally kill him.

Why would a whore care so much about this you may ask? Well probably because Peter's mother Melissa lost her virginity to a man twice her age in the back of a pickup when she was 18. 9 months later, Peter came along. Now Melissa had decided when she lost her virginity that she was going to make her job on her back. But when Peter was born, that put a crimp in her plans. So she went down, got fixed and all was well. 

Melissa may be a whore but if you watch her watching her son sometime, you can see the love she feels for him. Peter took after his invisible father in looks. He topped out at 5'10", 150lbs when he hit 16. 9inch cock, pure black hair and turquoise blue eyes. Melissa joked with her favorite customer Ron one night that if he wasn't her son she would screw him in an instant. He was her son though so in her eyes that made him off limits.

Peter also learned shortly after he turned 18 that he was different. He never thought anything of it when his friends at school were pairing off with girls but he stayed single. He never went to any of the dances or any other event where couples were required. He did however think about it when he came home from school to once again catch his mother engaged in sexual intercourse.

He was about to turn back around and leave like he always did, but suddenly something caught out of the corner of his eye. His mother was on top of the man with her face towards his feet. She had leaned back so her hands were resting on his chest, giving Peter a good view of his cock sliding into her pussy.

Peter had seen his mother's pussy numerous times over the years and didn't think about it much. What drew his eyes was the cock sliding into her. It was huge. He couldn't tell how long it was but it was thick. Peter's mouth watered as he watched it slide in and out of his mother. What surprised him the most was the fact that his cock was getting hard in his jeans. He suppressed a gasp as they rolled over and he got a very nice view of the guy's ass. Peter's cock pressed hard against his jeans as he watched the man tighten and loosen his ass muscles.

Peter ran out of the house, sitting on the front stoop like he always did when his mother was working and willed his body to cool down. When the man came down the steps a bit later, Peter kept his eyes from the man's body until he had started walking away. Then Peter lifted his eyes to see the butt he had drooled over, encased in tight jeans. His cock jumped again as he watched the man walk away.

Peter was pulled out of a deep sleep later that night by groans coming from the other side of the room. Now normally he would just roll over and go back to sleep but after the scene he saw today and his reaction to it, he wanted to see if it was just that guy who turned him on.

He grabbed the flashlight he used at night when he went to the bathroom and flipped it on. He kept it low so it wouldn't bother the thrusting couple across the room but high enough that he could get a good look at the man. He was an older gentleman. He didn't think he had ever seen him before. 

He moved the light down over the man's body and felt his cock jump. When he moved it down over the man's butt as he thrust into his mother, his cock got rock hard. Peter moved just a bit to flash the light between the man's legs and had to suppress a moan.

He quickly turned off the light and lay back down when their breathing got more erratic and he heard his mother scream in pleasure. As he rolled over to face the back of the couch, he realized why he never looked at another woman. He was gay.

Peter spent the next year secretly watching his mother and her customers. He would watch as long as he could then either leave the apartment or roll over pretending to be asleep. It was shortly after he turned 19 that he decided he should tell his mother that not only had he been watching her have sex over the past year, but also that he was gay. He had planned to tell her tonight at dinner. They had a standing tradition of one day a week; they spent the day and evening together. They would go to the mall or to the movies then have dinner out. The plans got changed today when one of mom's old customers came back to town just for the day and wanted to catch up. Peter was disappointed but he just left them to each other.

Peter was sitting on a park bench about a block from his house when he saw the car. It was a black Mercedes. Now in this neighborhood you would think you wouldn't see cars like this. However Peter had seen them his whole life. The guys in these cars were here for one thing. Pussy. They would drive slowly down the street, checking out the hookers, turn the corner then come back and pull up in front of one. The girl would get in and the car would leave coming back later to drop the girl off.

Peter didn't think anything of it when the car slowly moved down the street. He did think it was kind of odd though when the car circled the block but three times to finally stop in front of him. The passenger window rolled down and a voice called from him. "Hey kid, you working?"

Peter looked up in surprise. "What?" he walked over to the car leaning on the passenger window. "Oh...I'm not a hooker." He said looking at an older gentleman with salt a pepper hair dressed casually in blue jeans, a t-shirt and cowboy boots. Peter felt his cock jump in his jeans when the man's green eyes met his.

The man looked embarrassed. "Oh I'm sorry, I saw you sitting there and assumed..."

Peter smiled. "It's okay. I live around here. Um...If you're looking for male prostitutes we don't have any anymore. Mike moved to Florida about 6 months ago."

The man's slender fingers curled around the steering wheel. "Damn. My buddy told me this was the place to find some good flesh."

Peter didn't know where the idea came from but suddenly the words left his mouth. "How much are you willing to pay?"

The man looked t him in surprise. Then a smile crossed his lips. "$500.00 for the whole shebang."

Peter's heart thudded in his chest. $500.00? He had never seen that much money in his life. He licked his suddenly dry lips. "I'll sleep with you if you want."

The man looked him over. "How old are you?"

"19."

"You ever have been with a man before?"

Peter shook his head. "No sir. But I know that I'm gay. I... Well I'm gay." he blushed.

The man chuckled. "Hop in kiddo. Maybe we can work something out."

Peter opened the door and slid into the car. He had barely closed the door before the man had him in his arms and was kissing him hard. Peter had never been kissed before and was shocked as pleasure soared through him when the man pushed his tongue into his mouth. He moaned against the driver, and then melted his body against him as he kissed him back.

They kissed for a minute or two, the driver with his arms wrapped tightly around Peter, stroking his back. Finally he broke the kiss, breathing hard. "Oh yea, you and I are gonna have some fun." He ran a slender finger over Peter's cheek. "Are you sure about this?"

Peter's cock was straining against his jeans. "Oh yea."

The man smiled. "Okay...Well buckle up. We're going for a ride."

Peter buckled up while the man pulled away from the curb. Peter felt a twinge of fear but it was squashed by the anticipation of finally losing his virginity that shook him as they left his neighborhood behind.

Peter gaped at the tall buildings as they moved into the main city. He had never left his neighborhood and couldn't believe how clean the streets were. "Careful kiddo, you're gonna get whiplash." the man said with a laugh as Peter's head moved to see everything.

"Sorry." Peter replied looking out the windshield as he blushed.

The man squeezed his knee. "It's okay. I understand."

They pulled up in front of a small cottage. Peter looked at it as he got out of the car. He was sure his whole apartment would be able to fit in a corner of this place.

He walked up the walkway and shivered when the older gentleman wrapped his arm around his waist. He gave Peter a squeeze before he unlocked the door then led him inside. Peter looked around as they walked towards the bedroom but he wasn't really paying much attention to his surroundings. He was more interested in the butt walking in front of him. 

When they got into the bedroom he forced his eyes from the man and looked around. There was a queen size waterbed taking up most of the space in the room. There was also a door off the left wall which he assumed led to a private bathroom. Across from the bed there was a dresser with a TV on it. That was all Peter saw as the man pulled him into his arms again, kissing him deeply while his hands roamed over Peter's body.

Peter kissed him back while his body shivered in anticipation. When the man's hands went to the fastenings on his jeans, he moaned. His moan grew as the man pulled out his hard cock stroking it lightly. "Oh you've got a nice piece of meat here son." The man said huskily as he pushed Peter's pants and underwear down until he could step out of them then dropping to his knees, he engulfed half of Peter's cock into his hungry mouth.

"Agh..." Peter groaned as he felt a mouth on his cock for the first time in his life. He leaned back against the closed door, closing his eyes as the man worked his mouth over his cock. "Oh mister, that feels so good." he moaned as he felt the man's tongue slide over him.

The man groaned but didn't release the prize in his mouth. When he took Peter into his throat Peter whimpered, sending a load of cocksnot down the man's throat. Robert let his muscles massage the boys cock while he ran his hand lightly down over Peter's balls. Peter cried out and started fucking the man's face while he gripped his hair hard in his hands. "Oh god...Eat my fucking dick." he cried as he slammed his cock hard into Robert's face.

Robert let the younger man fuck his face as he braced one hand on Peter's bare leg and released his own cock with the other. Robert wasn't as long as Peter but he was thick and he couldn't wait to shove his meat up this tails ass. He gripped hard at Peter's ass-cheeks pulling him further into his mouth as his finger searched out Peter's hole. He teased his finger against it and heard Peter cry out as he sent his virgin load down Robert's sucking throat.

Peter collapsed back against the door; with his eyes closed as Robert cleaned his cock then let it slip from his lips. He didn't speak just stood up, and locked his mouth on Peter's again. Peter could taste himself on the other man's tongue and relished the taste.

Peter lifted his arms as Robert pulled his shirt from his body. He watched as Robert's eyes moved over his naked flesh. Suddenly, Peter felt his body lifted into Robert's arms and ran his arms up around Robert's neck as he was carried to the bed. He felt the bed come up to meet him. 

He watched through half closed eyes as Robert quickly shed his clothes then joined him on the bed. Robert covered Peter's body with his own, grinding his cock against Peters as he nipped playfully at Peter's neck. "I'm gonna fuck you baby. I'm gonna shove my cock into that tight virgin ass of yours and ream it real good."

Peter moaned at the words. His cock started rising again. "Oh yes. Take my cherry mister. Shove your cock up my tight virgin ass."

Robert chuckled as he moved off of Peter, pulling a bottle of lube and a condom out of the drawer in his nightstand. He set them on the bed within easy reach then moved down Peter's body until he was resting between his spread legs. He pushed Peter's legs up and out until they were resting against his chest. "Hold your legs baby." he said huskily.

Peter gripped his legs, digging his nails into the flesh as he waited in anticipation. He didn't have to wait long. Almost before he knew it, he felt a wet tongue licking at his asshole. "Oh..." he moaned closing his eyes. He felt the other man's lips lock around his hole and a pulling sensation as he sucked on it. "Oh god, that feels so good." Peter cried. Peter wasn't quite ready for the tongue to be shoved up his bumhole though. He opened his eyes wide as he pushed against Mercedes man's (as he called him in his head) face. "Oh fuck. What are you doing to me?"

Robert didn't answer. He just continued to push his tongue into the tight hole until he pushed past the ass ring. Once he was inside, he ran his tongue all over Peter's insides. He tasted soap and freshness and moaned against Peter's ass. 

Peter gripped his legs harder as the man started tonguing his ass. He felt him sliding his tongue inside then pulling it back out only to dig in once again. "Oh god mister, don't stop." Peter whimpered shaking his head back and forth.

Robert had no intention of stopping. Instead he dug harder at Peter's love hole. He shoved his tongue as far inside as he could get then pushed in even more. Peter was sobbing in desire. Robert decided it was time for phase two. He pulled his tongue from Peter's ass, and heard Peter's cry of dismay. He just chuckled then grabbed the lube and positioned it at the opening to Peter's virgin ass. Squeezing the bottle, he sent quite a bit directly into Peter's willing hole.

Peter moaned as he felt something warm but wet slide into his guts. The moan turned to a whimper of pain however when Robert slowly pushed his finger inside him. "Oh...Oh...That hurts." Peter cried trying to push the finger out of him only to have it slide in further.

"Easy baby." Robert cooed as he licked at Peter's balls while still slowly shoving his finger into Peter's ass. He pushed past the second knuckle then pressed hard against something inside the younger man. Peter's eyes opened wide and he moaned loudly.

"Yea...there ya go baby." Robert murmured as he pressed again at Peter's lovebud.

Robert kept his finger buried in Peter's ass, while he worked at the other mans' prostate, flicking it with his finger. Peter was going crazy. He started humping against Robert's finger as he thrashed on the bed. "Oh god, it feels so good." he cried.

Robert chuckled then slowly pulled his finger out. Feeling Peter's muscles try to keep him inside. He slid out to the first knuckle then slowly pushed back in making sure to brush against Peter's prostate. When Peter was whimpering like crazy with desire, he pulled his finger out completely. He squirted more lube up Peter's hole then slowly slid 2 fingers inside.

Peter whimpered, holding tightly to his legs as he was slowly stretched. "It hurts." he cried as Robert continued to push into him. Robert pulled his fingers out, sent more lube up the hole then pushed his fingers back in.

By the time Robert had three fingers gliding easily in and out of Peter's loose hole, he figured the younger man was ready for his cock. He pulled his hand from Peter's body and wiped it on the blanket. Then he ripped open the condom, rolling it down his hard cock. "Roll over on your hands and knees baby." he ordered huskily.

Peter looked at him through passion glazed eyes but obeyed. Robert shoved a pillow under him to push his ass even higher, then after squirting more lube up Peter's ass and lubing up how own cock, he moved behind him. "You ready baby?" he asked as he rubbed his cock over the entrance to Peter's hole.

"Oh yes mister. Shove it in me. I need to feel it."

Robert chuckled then slowly pushed forward with his hips. He had loosened Peter up so well with his fingers that his head just slid right past the ring. Peter moaned as he felt himself being filled. "Oh god, feels good."

Robert held himself still; he gripped Peter's hips but didn't pull. Push back against me baby." he said huskily. "Take me into you."

Peter's cock was leaking like crazy. He slowly pushed back against Robert, feeling the older man slide further into him. "Oh..." he moaned as he continued to push backwards. He felt a bit of stretching the further Robert went in and stopped to give his body time to get used to it. When he felt his ass touch Robert's stomach, he lowered his head to his crossed arms. "Oh god, I feel so full." he cried.

Robert ran his hands lovingly over Peter's back while holding himself buried deep inside him. "You are baby. You're full of me." he slowly pulled out about halfway then pushed back in. 

"Agh..." Peter whimpered as Robert started sliding inside him. There was a bit of pain but it was nothing compared to the pleasure coursing through his body as Robert fucked him with long, slow strokes.

When Peter felt Robert's hands on his chest, he let the older man pull him up until his back was pressed against Robert's chest. He felt the other mans cock sliding into him from below. He looked down over his shoulder as Robert pushed his forward just a bit so he could watch Roberts cock sliding deeply into his body. "Oh mister, fuck me. It feels so good." Peter whispered as he turned his head to meet Robert's lips. 

They kissed passionately; Peter wrapped his arms around Robert's neck as Robert thrust slowly into him. Finally it got too much and Peter was pushed back to his hands and knees as Robert started pummeling his ass with his cock. "Take my cock you little shit." he roared as his cock flew in and out of Peter's guts. "Take me deep inside you."

"Yes...Oh fuck...yes..." Peter screamed pushing back against Robert. "Fuck me. Fuck me so good." his cock was flopping against his stomach with their movements. He reached below him and started jacking his own cock furiously. 

His hand was pushed out of the way as Robert replaced it with his own as he continued to hammer deep into Peter's ass. "Gonna cum baby?" Robert growled against Peter's ear as he nibbled at his neck. "Gonna cum while I fuck your tight ass?"

Peter felt the cum boiling in his balls as they slapped against the other man's leg. "Oh fuck, yes. Fuck me. Make me cum while you fuck the shit out of my ass." he begged slamming harder back against Robert. 

Robert jacked him harder and faster while he rode his ass. "Cum baby, cum on my fucking cock, let me feel your body tighten around me." 

Peter let out a loud scream as he started shooting hard against the bedspread. Robert continued jacking him as he pounded faster into Peter's ass searching for his own release. It wasn't long before Robert sent a load into the condom shoved deep up Peter's ass."

Peter felt Robert's cock expand inside him and let out a soft cry as he felt the man fill him. Finally he was so exhausted that his legs wouldn't support him and he landed face first to the bed, pulling Roberts still streaming cock from his well fucked ass. Robert pulled off the condom, sending the rest of his juice all over Peter's ass and back. "Oh fuck...Soo good." he moaned as he milked his cock.
