 The next two years were the happiest of Peter's life. He was constantly walking around with a hard on in his jeans. He finally broke down, buying a cell phone when most of his customers asked him for a repeat performance.

He had quite the little nest egg saved up to. At $500.00 a trick, with 4-5 tricks a night, six days a week, he quickly became the richest person in his neighborhood. 

He had tried to convince his mother to move to another neighborhood but she flatly refused. "I am happy here Peter, this is where all my customers are. You are not going to get me to move to one of those fancy neighborhoods."

He saw the determination on her face so he didn't push. He did convince her to move into a two bedroom apartment shortly there after when she brought a customer home to find Peter with his own customer. 

Peter was kneeling on the couch while the guy pummeled his ass from behind. The man with his mother had been offended that her son was fucking another guy and left in a huff.

Peter quickly became one of the most popular hookers on his street. At first the other prostitutes resented him feeling he was taking work away from them. 

One girl in particular, a 37 year old prostitute that went by Sally Rose got in his face about 2 weeks after he started turning tricks. "Why don't you find another corner to flaunt your body at?" She sneered as she stuck her face close to his.

Peter glared at her. "I've got as much right to work here as you do." 

He thought she looked like a clown. Sally was a bigger woman trying to look slim. She had stuffed her big body into a tight miniskirt that left most of her stomach hanging over the waist, as well as a sports bra that left most of her boobs hanging out. Also her face was so painted up with makeup that you couldn't tell where it ended and her face started.

What surprised Peter was that Sally was one of the more popular girls. He didn't understand what men saw in her but since her customers didn't look at him, he didn't care. 

The argument was interrupted when Misty put her big body between them. "Sally leave him alone." She said glaring at the blonde. "You wouldn't want his customers anyway. All they are interested in is ass."

Misty was a 53 year old black woman. She was an exstripper and Peter knew from pictures that she had been beautiful in her youth. She was 5'3" and maybe 300lbs. She told him she turned tricks not for the money but for the sex. She was also a popular trick.

Sally pulled away from Misty as tears filled her eyes. Everybody on the street knew that she had one major rule, 'pussy or mouth only. The back door was off limits.' She glared at Peter but after that left him alone.

It was 2 weeks after Peter started that he met the trick who would have a huge impact on the rest of his life. He had already serviced 3 men that night, 2 of which wanted to come back for more. 

He was standing on the street talking to his friend Star when the limo moved down the street. Star was a 21 year old girl who had been pimping for her dad since she was 19. What she made turning tricks; he used to pay for his alcohol addiction. When Peter asked her about it she just shrugged. "I don't mind. The sex is good."

That night they stood talking about her 6 month old son. One of her tricks hadn't used protection and she ended up pregnant. The man was cool though; he had paid all her hospital bills and gave her money to help with the baby. Peter was looking at pictures of the baby when he saw the limo cruising slowly down the street. "Wow." He said with a whistle.

Star's eyes followed his. "Wow is right." She said breathlessly as she fixed her miniskirt and halter top while she posed sexily. "Whoever gets that one is gonna be the talk of the street."

Peter also stood sexily, as he leaned against a telephone pole. His eyes were on the black car. "Tell me about it."

The two of them watched as the car moved around the corner then came back. They smiled at each other as the car stopped in front of them. "Good luck." They both said at the same time as they watched the big black driver walk towards them.

The black man didn't even glance at Star as he looked over Peter's body. 

Peter was dressed in a pair of tight jean shorts that showed the bulge between his legs as well as a t-shirt with holes cut around his nipples. His short hair was brushed back off his face. "You working?" the man asked.

Peter smiled seductively, "yes I am."

The man nodded. "What you charge?"

Peter felt his cock hardening, "500.00 A trick."

Again the man nodded. "What do you do?"

Peter's smile widened. "Anything they ask for, just no pain."

The black man nodded then turned back towards the car. He waited as the rear window was opened then spoke to someone inside. He glanced back over his shoulder at Peter a couple of times before he nodded. He stood up as the window rolled back up. "Your presence is requested." He said as he opened the back door.

Peter hugged Star then strolled provocatively towards the car. He smiled at the driver then slid into the car as the door closed behind him. He barely had time to let his eyes adjust to the dimness, when he was suddenly pulled into a pair of strong arms, a pair of warm lips covering his.

Peter usually liked to see his customer before he did anything, but the way the man holding him and kissing him was sending Peter's body into overdrive. 

He kissed the man back as he moaned into the man's mouth and pressed his body tightly against him.

The man tightened his hold on Peter, pulling him until he was straddling the man's lap. Peter felt the car moving under him but barely noticed as a pair of strong lean hands moved over his body. "Sweet." A deep voice said when he finally released Peter's lips.

Peter rested his hands on the back seat as he drowned in a pair of emerald green eyes. "I'm not used to being attacked as soon as I meet a customer." Peter managed to say.

The man chuckled. "Sorry. But at $500.00 I figured I better make sure I was going to get my money's worth."

Peter looked at him in the dimness. He could only see the outline of the man's face and his startling eyes. "I've never had any complaints."

The man moved his hand over the bulge in Peter's shorts as he chuckled. "I believe it."

Peter groaned as the man squeezed his cock through his shorts. "Let's see what you're hiding here." The man said opening Peter's shorts and slipping his hand inside.

Peter wasn't wearing any underwear. His last trick had paid him extra to let him keep the thong. When he felt the man's long fingers encircle him, he cried out, pushing up with his hips.

"Mmmmm...You've got a nice piece of meat." The man groaned slowly jacking Peter's cock. "Lay on your back baby. I want to taste this."

Peter moved slowly off the man's lap, and then lay down on the seat on his back. He watched as the man pulled his shorts down over his hips until his cock was completely exposed. The man whimpered in desire as he looked at the flesh hanging between Peter's legs. 

Peter smiled and ran his fingers through the man's hair as he watched him lower his head, then felt him take his engorged cock into his warm mouth. "Oohhh." Peter moaned as he felt the man's tongue moving over him.

It was unusual for a trick to want to touch him first but Peter wasn't arguing. The man sure knew how to suck a cock. Before he knew it, Peter was thrusting his hips up; forcing more of his cock into the man's sucking mouth. "Oh god, suck me." He cried clutching at the door above his head.

The mystery man moaned deeply as he attacked Peter's cock with his mouth. His head was moving rapidly up and down over him as his tongue whipped all around the sensitive flesh. He grazed his teeth over Peter's skin, making the other man cry out in pleasure as cocksnot slid into his mouth. The man moaned harder as he drank Peter's juices.

Michael Peterson knew as soon as he saw Peter standing with the other prostitutes that he wanted him. He had told Bruno to stop the first time they cruised down the street but Bruno had circled the street anyway, saying it wasn't good to seem too eager.

When Bruno told him Peter's price, he was a little leery at first. That was kind of steep for a fuck. But when Bruno told him that Peter would do anything as long as it didn't involve pain, Michael agreed readily. 

He wasn't into the kinky things like golden showers or anything like that but it was hard for him to find a prostitute that would let him suck them off then jack himself over them until he covered their body with his cum. If this guy was willing to do anything then Michael knew he had found his perfect partner.

Before the night was over, Michael planned to fuck Peter's ass and have him fuck him, but first he wanted to fulfill his fantasy. 

Michael sucked harder and faster at Peter's cock, letting the other mans cock slide into his throat as Peter whimpered and cried out, fucking his face rapidly. 

"Fuck...I'm gonna cum." Peter cried clutching his fingers in Michael's hair.

Michael went at him with more gusto, sucking hard on the cock slamming into his face until he was rewarded with a mouthful of Peter's cum. "I'm cummminnngggg." Peter cried slamming his hips up powerfully.

Michael swallowed the man's cum then let his limp cock slip from between his lips. Michael worked at his pants until his own 8 inch cock was out in view. 

When Peter moved to sit up, Michael pushed him back down. "No..." he said hoarsely as his hand flew over his cock. "Just lay there baby. Lift your shirt so I don't get any on it."

Peter obeyed as he watched the other man jacking his cock. This was a new experience for Peter; he had never had anybody who wanted to cum on him before. "Cum on my body baby, smear my chest with your wonderful juices." He said egging the man on. He licked his lips as he talked.

"Yes...Oh yes." Michael cried as Peter's words drove him on. He rammed his hand fast and hard over his cock until he suddenly cried out as he sent stream after stream of his cum all over Peter's naked chest.

When Peter heard the man's low growl start in his throat and the man's cock start to expand, he quickly pulled his shirt over his head so it wouldn't get splattered. It was a good thing to cause the man's cum hit him on the chin, on his neck then all over his chest.

Finally the man collapsed back against the other door, breathing heavily as he slowly stroked his limp cock, while Peter rubbed the man's cum into his skin. He brought some to his lips licking the juice off his fingers. "Mmmmm...You taste yummy."

"Thanks." The man said while laughing as he flipped a switch on a panel on the door. The inside of the limo was instantly covered in a dark red glow. 

Peter was finally able to see the face and body of his customer. The man had dark red hair, which was the same color as his mustache and beard. He had a slim body, a well built chest tapering down into slim hips. The cock in his hand was about 8 inches or so.

The man watched as Peter moved his eyes over his body. "Like what you see?" he asked his voice deepening seductively.

Peter licked his lips as he lifted his eyes to the other mans. "Oh yea."

"I'm Michael." The man said as he stripped out of his clothes, leaving them in a pile on the floor then pulling off Peter's shoes and sliding his shorts down his legs. Peter dropped his shirt on the floor with his pants; it had still been hanging in his hand as the two men talked.

"I'm Peter." He said softly.

Michael laid over him until their bodies were touching. He ran his hand through Peter's hair as he kissed him softly. "How old are you Peter?"

Peter smiled. "I'm of age sir."

Michael chuckled. "I'm not a cop Peter. I was just curious." He ran his hand down over Peter's chest, running his nail lightly over one of Peter's nipples.

Peter moaned as shivers of pleasure coursed through him. "I'm 19."

Michael nodded then lowered his mouth to Peter's chest. He ran his tongue over Peter's nipple making Peter cry out softly as he held Michael's mouth against him.

While Michael sucked at his nipple, Peter tried to digest this turn of events. All of his other customers were more interested in their own pleasure then his. 

They would suck him to hardness when they wanted his cock up their ass but they didn't care one way or the other how he felt. Michael seemed determined to bring Peter's body to life. So far he was doing a good job. 

While he sucked at Peter's nipple, he rubbed his cock against Peter's making the younger man's cock start to rise and pulse.

Michael chuckled as he lifted his face to Peter's. He kissed him softly as he continued to rub their cocks together. "I think you like that." He said against Peter's ear.

"Yes...Oh yes." Peter moaned lifting his cock against Michael's as he wrapped his arms around the other mans back.

Michael nibbled at his ear. "Want me to fuck you?"

Peter looked at him in surprise. This man was the one paying the money to use his body. It shouldn't matter what he wanted. "That is up to you. It's your money."

Michael's eyes darkened as he suddenly kissed Peter ruthlessly. The kiss was almost brutal in its intensity. Peter squirmed beneath him as he punished Peter's mouth with his own. His tongue lashing like a whip inside the younger mans mouth. 

Peter dug his nails into Michael's back as the other man ravished his mouth with his own. He whimpered when Michael bit down on his lower lip, drawing blood. Finally Michael tore his mouth from his. "It may be my money, but I have never forced myself on somebody."

Peter wiped the blood from his lip. "What do you call that kiss then?"

Michael licked at the cut while he looked into Peter's eyes. "Poetic Justice, I didn't appreciate being reminded that I am paying to have sex with you."

"I...I'm sorry." Peter replied weakly. A twinge of fear coursed through him at the hungry look in the other man's eyes.

He flinched when Michael once again lowered his head, but this time the kiss was gentle, almost teasing. By the time Michael's tongue slid into his mouth, Peter was moaning and pressing his body tightly against the other mans. 

He didn't notice when Michael ripped open a condom or slid it down his length. All he knew was one minute Michael was kissing him, the next his legs were pressing against his chest with the tip of Michael's cock pressing against his eager hole. "Do I need to lube you up baby?" Michael asked rubbing his cock against Peter's bumhole.

"N...No...It should be okay." He replied huskily.

Michael's hands tightened on Peter's legs as he slowly pushed forward with his hips. His eyes were locked on Peter's as he slowly slid into his body.

Peter felt a bit of stretching, but no pain as he was slowly impaled on Michael's hard cock. When he felt the other man's balls press against his ass, he let a loud groan escape his lips as he tightened his ass muscles, trapping Michael inside him.

"Oh god..." Michael moaned as he felt Peter's ass tighten around him. "That's it baby, trap me inside you; Make me work to fuck you. That's what I want."

Peter did just that. He tightened and loosened his muscles as Michael moved slowly inside him. He accepted the other mans kiss when Michael lay back over him, claiming his mouth with his own as he continued to slowly pump with his hips. "You feel so good baby." Michael moaned against his ear. "I love your tight little ass caressing my cock."

"Fuck me." Peter moaned lifting his hips to pull the other man's cock deeper inside him. "It feels so good." He kissed Michael back as their bodies slowly rocked against the seat of the moving car.

Michael took his mouth from Peter's, moving it down to the other man's nipple. He licked at it lightly, and then moaned as Peter tightened his muscles around him. He licked at the nipple again before taking it into his mouth, sucking gently. 

"Oh yes." Peter cried pressing his chest against Michael's face even as his ass took Michael deep inside me. "Oh baby. It feels so good. Fuck me. Fuck me hard. Make me cum while you ream my ass baby."

Michael groaned against Peter's chest. He reached beneath them, gripping Peter's ass in his hands as he pulled him tightly against him. He started impaling Peter with his hard cock almost viciously. His cock was pounding into the other man's eager hole while his balls slapped hard against his ass. 

"Fuck meeeeeeeee..." Peter screamed as Michael slammed his body hard against the seat. He dug his hands into Michael's pumping ass even as he thrust his own body aggressively against the man above him. 

His cock was leaking cocksnot all over his stomach as it was bounced between their bodies. "Oh fuck me." Peter cried.

Michael released Peter's ass, putting one hand above the other mans head on the window while his other hand wrapped tightly around Peter's hard cock. He jacked hard and fast as he growled. "Cum bitch, I want you to cum all over your fucking chest while I pound the shit out of your ass." Michael slammed his cock far into Peter's ass making the other man shriek in pleasure.

Peter had been getting close to cumming just from the pounding Michael was giving his ass but when the other man started brutally jacking his cock he knew he wouldn't be able to hold back even if he wanted to. "FFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKK!!! I'm Cummmmminnnngggg..." Peter screamed even as his cock started shooting.

The first shot went over his head, coating Michael's hand, the next one landed on his face while the rest landed on his chest.

Michael was right there with him when he came. When he felt Peter's ass tighten around him, he let out a loud roar as he thrust furiously filling the condom. "Take it bitch, take my fucking cum deep in your ass." He screamed as he filled the other man.

Michael released Peter's limp cock as he collapsed on top of him. Peter just wrapped his arms around him, holding him close as their bodies smeared his cum. "That was wonderful baby." Michael said softly kissing Peter.

Peter smiled. "I don't know if I should be saying thank you or your welcome. That was the hottest fuck I have had in a long time."

Michael smiled as he moved off of Peter's body, pulling his cock and the full condom from the other mans ass. He tied it off then threw it in the trash can. "It isn't over yet sweetheart."

Peter sat up as Michael sat beside him. He looked at Michael in surprise. "It isn't?"

Michael smiled again. "Do you think I'm gonna let you go without getting that cock up my ass?"

Again Peter looked at him in surprise. Usually the customer either wanted to fuck him or have him fuck them. He had never had one who wanted both. "I...I..." He closed his mouth when he realized he didn't know what to say.

The two men sat in companionable silence for a couple of minutes, just listening to the car as they drove through the town. Thinking about fucking Michael had kept Peter's cock half hard. When the other man wrapped his hand around him, Peter moaned closing his eyes. His moan turned into a cry when Michael suddenly took him into his mouth. Sucking him quickly back to hardness.

He opened his eyes when he felt the condom slide down over him. "How do you want it baby?" he asked huskily.

Michael kissed him then moved around in the car until he was on his hands and knees with his butt facing Peter. He lowered his upper body to the seat but left his ass in the air. "I want you to fuck me this way baby." Michael moaned.

Peter quickly moved to his knees behind the other man, running his hands up and down Michael's back. "Do I need to open you up sweetheart?" He asked lowering his body over the other mans while his cock rested at the opening to Michael's ass.

Michael shook his head, so Peter pressed slowly forward with his hips watching his cock being enveloped into the ass before him. He pushed forward until the head was buried listening to the hiss escape through Michael's clenched teeth. 
