 The next day while Jeff was over at Michael's packing his things to move in with Peter, Peter called all his customers, explaining the new rules. He lost four of his customers but the others were all for it. He set up an appointment with one of them later in the week. As he hung up the phone after talking to his last customer, he hoped he wouldn't regret his decision last night.

The first few times that Jeff sat watching as Peter sucked off another man or let him fuck him up the ass, it was hard on him. When he started fucking one gentleman Jeff had left the room. Peter found him on the couch later curled up in a ball as tears streamed down his cheeks. Peter had held him promising to quit if that was what Jeff wanted but Jeff refused. He had promised himself that this would work. Somehow.

Over time it got easier. It was easiest when Michael was with him because he always wanted Jeff to participate. It was during one of these encounters, that Jeff came to a decision. 

They had just finished their weekly dinner with Melissa and her newest boyfriend. Melissa had given up her prostitution shortly after Peter bought her the apartment. She was working as a seamstress, which is where she had met Steve.

Steve didn't care about her past; he just wanted to be a part of her future. Peter liked him; he felt he was good for his mother.

Peter and Jeff were curled up on the couch watching TV when Jeff suddenly spoke. "I want to do what you do." He said suddenly.

Peter had been lying on his side on the couch with his head in Jeff's lap. When Jeff spoke, he rolled over onto his back. "What do you mean you want to do what I do?"

Jeff looked down at him. "I want to be a prostitute."

Peter sat up suddenly. "NO!"

Jeff looked in shock at his lovers back. "Why not? You are."

Peter slowly unclenched his fists, taking a deep breath before he turned back. "I know; that's the whole point. You may be able to watch me with other men but I know damn good and well that I can't watch you." Then before Jeff could say a word, Peter was off the couch and across the room slamming the bedroom door behind him.

Jeff sat there in silence for a minute then walked to the door. "Peter." He said quietly opening the door. Peter was laying on his back on the bed, his hands clenched at his sides as tears streamed down his cheeks. "Peter." Jeff said quietly.

Peter turned his pain filled face to his. "Don't you understand Jeff? I love you. You may get off on watching me with other men. I have heard of men who did. But I'm not one of them. The thought of you taking another man in your ass or you sticking your cock in another man just kills me."

Jeff moved quietly across the room, sitting down on the bed beside Peter. "You don't mind me sucking off Michael."

It had surprised the lovers when Michael informed Peter and Jeff during one of their dates that he wanted Peter to fuck him while Jeff sucked on his cock. Looking at each other, they agreed and now it was a part of every date.

Peter closed his eyes. "I know...I can't explain it. I mean you just suck off Michael. He doesn't touch you or try to fuck you." When he opened his eyes, they were full of pain. "I feel like your mouth, ass and dick are mine, no one else's. I can't share you baby. I can't."

Jeff's eyes darkened as he locked his jaw. "I see, you want me to share you but you're not willing to share me." When Peter opened his mouth, Jeff just shook his head. "No...I understand. Don't worry, you won't have to." Then before Peter could move or say a word, Jeff had left the house slamming the door behind him. When he heard the door slam, he felt as if a door had slammed on his heart. He curled up in a ball, crying against the pillow.

*

It was almost a month before Peter saw Jeff again. He knew he was staying with his brother but he never came over when Michael did. Peter went on with his life as best he could. He let his customers fuck him, or have him fuck them or suck them. But it wasn't the same. Without Jeff watching he felt empty inside.

He would curl up in his empty bed at night and cry himself to sleep. His mother and Steve tried to talk him into calling Jeff but he wouldn't he had to work things out in his mind first.

He loved Jeff, he felt like the two men were soul mates. But he also loved his job. The closeness of the men's bodies as they filled some part of him filled up an emptiness inside him. Did he love Jeff enough to give that up? He knew the answer the last time he saw Michael.

Michael just wanted a quickie, Peter to fuck his ass. Afterwards, Peter followed him to the door. Michael was about to open it when he turned back. "I know you love my brother Peter. I can see it in your eyes every time you and I are together."

Peter sighed as he ran his fingers through his hair. "I do...I love him more then life itself. But..."

Michael looked at him, "but you love your job to. I can understand that. You have to ask yourself something though."

Peter lifted his eyes to the older mans. "Are you happy? Does being with all these men make you happy Peter? Because Jeff is miserable. He cries himself to sleep every night. He barely eats. Are you willing to give up the best thing that has ever happened to you so you can fuck strangers every night?"

"What do you mean?" Peter asked a quiver of fear running through him.

Michael sighed. "Jeff is leaving at the end of the week. He is moving back east to stay with some friends from school. He told me last night that it is to hard to be near you and not be with you. I love you Peter. I love you as a lover and as a friend, but my brother comes first. I won't be seeing you anymore. I can't look at the man who made my brother leave because he chose his job over the man he loved." 

Michael walked out the door, leaving Peter standing there in the empty room feeling empty inside.

*

Peter spent the next two days making phone calls. Michael had said that Jeff was leaving on Friday. This was Wednesday, it didn't give much time but he knew what he had to do. When he told his mother his decision, she had hugged him and told him she loved him and all she cared about what that he was happy.

By Thursday night, the apartment was packed. Early Friday morning, Peter threw some clothes in the back of his car, then drove over to Michaels. He stopped off at a flower vendor on the way, picking up one red rose.

It was Michael who answered his knock. The older man looked surprised to see Peter standing there, but he just let him into the house then stood back as Peter made his way to Jeff's room.

The room was empty. All of Jeff's things packed up in boxes. His flight left in two hours. Jeff was sitting on his bed looking at a picture of him and Peter together. "You know, I hear that real life beats pictures any day." Peter said softly as he walked into the room.

Jeff dropped the picture as he looked up at Peter in surprise. "What are you doing here?" He asked picking up the picture and putting it back on his nightstand.

Peter continued across the room until he suddenly dropped to his knees before Jeff. Jeff looked at him in surprise as he held out the red rose. "You are the best thing that has ever happened to me Jeff." Peter said with a crack in his voice. "If you want to move back east, let me go with you. My customers are gone. My past life is gone. All I want is to be the man you love. You are the only man I want to invade my body. You own me Jeff. You invaded my body and wormed your way into my heart and soul."

He sighed. "I didn't realize it until Michael said you were leaving. It was then that I knew that what I felt for my job was nothing compared to what I feel for you. I realized that it wasn't the having sex with other men that kept me doing it. See I never knew my father and I think I was using them to replace him or something." 

Peter wiped a tear from his eye as he looked at Jeff. But when I am with you, it doesn't matter, you fill the void that I feel in my heart. I love you Jeff. If you want me to move across the country I will. If you want me to leave you alone, I will do that to. But I had to come over and try one more time to ask you to take me back." He held out the rose, his hand shaking as he was scared that Jeff wouldn't take it.

Jeff looked at the rose then looked at the man who owned his heart and soul. "I am the only man you are with. If one other man ever touches you sexually again..."

Peter touched his lips with his finger. "They won't. You are the only man I want in my bed and in my life."

Jeff searched Peter's eyes, and then slowly reached out accepting the rose. Peter wrapped his arms tightly around Jeff's chest as he cried with happiness.

*

Epilogue 20 years later:

Peter and Jeff sat in the front row of the nearby Baptist church as their adopted son Raul married his high school sweetheart. 

They had never moved back east, instead moving back into Peter's duplex. Jeff went back to school and got a degree in business while Peter took some general classes. They opened a shelter in Peter's neighborhood for runaways and wayward teens about two years after that fateful day when Peter found Raul beaten and bruised lying on his front lawn. The boy's father had kicked him out after almost beating him to death.

Peter had Raul's father arrested then him and Jeff adopted the boy shortly there after. They had turned the small room into a bedroom for the young man. Raul had only been 4 when his father kicked him out. Peter and Jeff had raised him as their own son.

Peter never did go back to selling himself. He was perfectly happy with the man who shared his bed. When he talked to his mother about it one night about five years later, she had smiled at her own husband Steve then took her sons hand in hers.

"Even men from the streets deserve happiness my love."

As Peter looked at the man he was going to spend the rest of his life with, his lover, friend and in his heart husband. He knew that his mother was right. He had found what he had spent his whole life looking for and would never have to stray again.

The end

* 

Author's Note: Well that is the end of this tale. I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. 