 Joey, Bill and Morty. The three amigos back in town at the same time for the first time in 30 years. They had been best friends, and had gone through first bicycle crashes together. First girlfriends, first drinks and unfortunately that one time they had gotten hold of some stink weed when they were 15. That was a memory all three friends would rather forget.

Back in the day it took a lot of plotting, but all three had found dates to the grade XII graduation dance, and three willing girls they were. The boys lost their virginity side by side, parked in their three cars. It was a night to remember.

Joey's prom date got pregnant and before he could leave town for college, he found himself settled down and married, working for his dad. Now he owned the family business and only once or twice in the intervening 40 years had he wished things had gone differently. She truly was the love of his life. Family was the most important thing to him, but on this night, his buddies came first. 

Bill went on to college, became a film director for nature documentaries and traveled the world. A broken hand had given him an unexpected hiatus, and his thoughts were on his hometown. Twice married, twice divorced, he decided to go home and lick his physical and his emotional wounds.

Morty, always the playboy. Jet setting around the world. Anyone with enough money was his love of the week. Or the day or the month, it all depended on how much money they were willing to part with. His last job had just ended in disaster. Snuggled up with Natasha, on her private island in Thailand. The only other inhabitants, her native employees who saw they had all they needed. Natasha had neglected to mention that the private island was owned by her and her husband who arrived with his own flavor of the week. No one seemed to be up for a foursome. Morty grabbed a boat and rowed himself to shore. Jumped on the first airplane out and decided to go home, possibly to rethink his career choices.

Perfect timing too. It was Halloween night and there was a party. The three amigos headed to the costume shop, only one in town and only one costume left. They looked at each other and started to laugh. It was almost as if it was meant to be. One costume, meant for three people. A three-headed monster complete with masks. 

Bill, pulled out his wallet and quickly paid the rental fee. "It gets pretty hot in there, it's been the only complaint, and it makes going to the bathroom interesting...there are zippers about crotch level though. Hope you guys are close." she giggled as they walked out the door.

They took the costume back to Morty's house. He never had the heart to part with the old family home and all three of them knew the insides like the back of their own hands. It was a familiar place, adorned with pictures on the wall of all of them as they grew up. This was Morty's safe haven. None of his clients ever learned where he was from, or where he called home.

The men relaxed on the couch, Morty keeping the beer flowing and the conversation got louder and louder until the phone rang. It was Joey's wife. "Are you three ever going to make it to the party? Do I need to come and pick you up?" 

Joey laughed, "Yes, and bring the van!"

"Ok, suit up boys, our chariot is on the way." he laughed as Morty cleared the beer bottles. 

Bill headed for the bathroom, "And you both better piss before I zip myself into this with you two fools."

When he emerged from the bathroom he could only stare at the two of them as they prepared to step into the costume. Joey and Morty had stripped to their socks and underwear. "What the hell are you two doing?"

Morty answered, "The girl at the shop said it gets hot in here...we don't want to start stripping down at the party do we?" 

"Damn fools, I cannot believe I am zipping myself in there with you two half naked idiots for the night." he chuckled as he tossed his clothes on the floor.

Joey took the right side, Morty stepped into the middle and Bill took his place on the left. They sat with a bit of difficulty and pulled on the monster boots. The three headed, six footed monster...but only two arms.

Morty started to complain, "Hey, there aren't any armholes for me. How in the fuck am I supposed to drink?"

"I guess you'll have to be nice to us and ask please, we'll hold the glass and let you drink from a straw." Already drunk, Morty thought that was the perfect solution.

A honking from the driveway signalled the arrival of their chariot. As they bumped and shoved their way out the front door, they were illuminated in the van's lights. By the time they shuffled close enough to open the door, Joey's wife was laughing so hard that there were tears streaming down her face. As they fought their way into the back seat she finally got a hold of herself long enough to speak. "I knew you three were close in high school, but that has got to be both the most ridiculous and funny thing I have ever witnessed."

Bill just groaned and Joey said, "Just drive, you're the chauffeur, no comments required."

She leaned back between the seats and gave him a kiss. "This is going to be an interesting evening."

The party was as every Halloween party should be. Lots of costumes, lots of laughs, lots of great food and lots of alcohol. By midnight the drinks were making their way through the three headed monster and down to the three bladders. Joey said, "I have to piss, and now, let's go outside and take a whiz in the bushes like we did when we were kids."

With nods of agreement, they stumbled out into the back yard, a quick glance over their shoulders to make sure no one was watching and down came three zippers. Three cocks peeked out of the costume and Morty glanced at the other two men, "I remember you guys having bigger cocks when we were kids." Neither of his friends answered him, just the sound of emptying bladders splashing in the bushes. 

Up came the zippers, back in to the party they went. Joey's wife met them just inside the door, leaned in for a kiss and whispered in his ear, "I am so horny. I am going to fuck you senseless when we get home...wear the costume, it makes me hot."

Unfortunately, her beer drinking whisper was not so quiet and the other two chuckled as she continued to drive her tongue down her husbands throat. 

Morty's hands, hanging uselessly all evening started itching to do something. And with his friend deep in a french kiss, it seemed natural to reach over and stroke Joey's cock through his underwear. Joey didn't pull back, so Morty's hand reached in and stroked Joey's bare cock. He could feel it throb in his hand. His fingers tightened, and he licked his lips. So much smaller than he remembered from that day long ago after their one time experiment with pot. But then again, his hand was probably bigger now. Joey groaned under his wife's kisses and as he did, Morty stroked him faster.

Bill said, "Hey, I think I need another drink. 

Morty quickly hissed, "Not yet, this is so hot!"

Bill leaned over to Morty's ear, "I'm getting a boner watching them go at it...lip to lip. We need to pull them apart. Before I lean in and kiss her myself."

Morty's free hand reached over and rubbed at Bill's cock. He grinned and whispered back, "I can feel that."

So there, in the midst of a Halloween party, he jerked his two buddies cocks, well hidden by the costume. Joey kept smooching his wife, moaning and groaning, thrusting his hips, fucking Morty's hand.

Bill started to pull back, but Morty's hand tightened, stroking faster, and Bill decided to return the favor by reaching his own hand into Morty's boxers, finding a large, hard prick to wrap his fingers around. A triple jerk off right there, in the costume, in front of anyone and everyone who happened to glance their way.

Joey's wife oblivious to what was happening, finally pulled her lips from her husbands. "Wonder how quick you can get that costume off and cum." she asked him with a grin.

"At this rate, might not get the costume off first," he replied.

She giggled, "Glad my kisses still affect you that way."

Morty piped up, a little too quickly, "Well, we are going back to my house for a while, still have some catching up to do. We'll send him home eventually though."

She kissed all three men on the cheek then winked at her husband, "Don't send him home all wore out...I have work for him to do when he gets home." She started to walk away, then added, "Jump in the van, I'll drop you off on the way home."

The van ride on the way to Morty's house was breathless. All three men were having their cocks stroked, slow and steady, right in the back seat of the family van. Joey's wife, concentrating on her driving and keeping up a constant commentary on anything that had happened at the party that they might have missed, completely oblivious to the triple action at work right under her nose.

In the driveway as the three men let go of each others cocks, she said, "Can you walk home when you're done?"

He managed to choke out a, "Yes."

The three friends shuffled into the house. When the door was closed, and locked, and they were sure that the van was long gone up the road, the costume came off in a hurry, leaving three men standing, staring at each other in just their underwear.

Morty's erection was apparent, tip peeking out through the hole in his boxers. "I'll get beer." he said.

When he returned, the two men were still staring wide eyed at each other, as if awakening from a dream. Morty, now naked, erection bobbing shamelessly, set the three beer on the coffee table, and plunked his ass dead centre, gesturing to the empty seats on either side of him. "Wasn't that night years ago, wasn't it Halloween night too."

Broken from their hypnotic stare, the others looked at him. Joey said, "I was just thinking that."

Bill turned to look at Morty, "That is weird, I was just thinking that too. It was Halloween night, that old man's place, when we walked by, he offered us a Halloween treat that night. Big old reefer. Always wondered what he put into it to make us so horny."

Morty started to smile, "I don't think there was anything in it, that was just an excuse for us to experiment a little. Who better to experiment with than best friends." He patted the couch again.

Joey frowned, "I have never cheated on my wife. I can't do this." But as he spoke he walked over to the couch, stood in front of his long time friend and dropped his underwear. Uncertain of what was possessing him to get naked and stay, instead of running for the door, he resigned to the fact that this night was probably inevitable. He had thought of that night, when they were kids a few times, wondering what would have happened if Bill hadn't gotten sick and brought them all back to their senses. Too much smoke, too much beer, too young. Tonight was just beer...so let it play out this time.

Bill finally joined them, grabbed a beer and dropped his scant pair of underwear to the floor. "Ok, I've never done this before. What do we do now?"

Morty grabbed Joey's cock in his hand, brought his lips to the tip and licked. Joey's cock sprung to attention, throbbing and hard, hips thrusting forward. His eyes closed, lips pursed, a low moan emanating from deep in his chest. Bill's hand migrated to Joey's ass, his fingers splayed, feeling the flesh under the fine layer of light colored hair. His fingers kneaded, pushing Joey closer to Morty.

Morty pulled his lips away from the thick prick, not wanting to taste cum too soon and spoil the fun. He pulled Joey's head down to his lap, his own cock standing up, anticipating a hot wet manly mouth. He was rewarded swiftly as a warm set of lips engulfed his prick, Bill's hands still on Joey's ass encouraging, almost forcing him forward. Joey stiffened, sucked harder as he felt his cheeks being parted. 

Bill ran his nose up and down the spread crack before him, then tentatively poked out his tongue and licked over the tight brown bud presented to him. Joey shuddered, took Morty's cock deeper in his mouth, tongue stabbing along the pulsing vein, his ass cheeks quivering as the tongue rimmed and probed. 

Bill spit on Joey's tight asshole, placed a hand on either side, spreading him, opening him up and let his cock run up and down the slippery crack. "I won't actually fuck his ass, I'll just let him get a taste of Morty, then I'll stop. Then we'll be done until Halloween 20 years down the road." His thoughts were muddled, fuzzy with the beer, and the lack of blood coursing through his veins, his cock was so hard, he was afraid he might pass out as all the blood flow diverted to maintain his hungry, horny, ready to fuck anything cock.

So he did, he thrust his hips hard, driving his cock into one of his best friends in the world, while that man sucked his other best friends cock. Joey's ass opened up like a virgin bride. Tight, but willing. bill thrust in and out, his balls slapping upwards, banging on Joey's hanging jewels. Three sets of man grunts filled the room. Three hard cocks in action, Joey pumping his own, fisting it, jerking his cock as his ass got fucked.

Morty sat on the couch, eyes closed, enjoying the sound of sex, knowing that the three of them were joined forever in friendship, joined physically and emotionally. He was about to cum when Joey pulled back. He opened his eyes to see Joey's thick hard cock bobbing in front of his face. "On your hands and knees buddy, I have a cock in my ass, and you need one in yours."

Morty spit on Joey's cock, spread the make shift lube with a few quick strokes then got on his knees on the couch. He reached back to spread his ass, presenting it to his friend. He grabbed his own cock, anticipating the initial pain. He loved that intense pain associated with man love. That moment when a cock pressed inward on his tight hole. The pain as it started to press in, opening that little orifice that was always so hungry. He fed it regularly, anything that would fit. Cucumbers were his favorite. Plenty enough girth and length to bring tears to his eyes, before making him cum like crazy. 

No woman ever made him cum like a stiff cock ripping his ass apart and Joey's cock was pushing past the point of no return. His hole spread, kissing that cock, sucking that cock inside, making his own cock almost cum from the sheer joy of being filled, stretched wide open.

He could hear the others moaning, knew that soon they would both cum, filling two asses with thick delicious spunk. He couldn't wait, his mouth watered at the very thought. His cock needing to cum, he squeezed the tip as hard as he could just as Bill screamed out his release, bringing about Joey's orgasm as both asses spasmed on spurting cocks.

As the other two men pulled back, Morty's cock was still hard and wanting an ass. He looked at Bill, stroked his rock hard weapon and said, "Bend over and grab your ankles, I need to cum, it won't take long." Bill only hesitated for a moment before offering up his ass for an old fashioned plowing.

Morty positioned himself and with a scream of animal instinct drove his cock deep and hard, from tip to base in one thrust. Bill lost his breath, forgot to scream as the pain tore through him. He felt like throwing up, felt like he had been stabbed with a hot knife. Morty held fast to Bill's hips, feeling that tight ring of muscle choking on his thick length of fuck stick. When Bill started breathing again, he took it as permission to start moving, slowly withdrawing, feeling the reluctance of that ass to let go of its unexpected treat. With a primal yell, Morty started fucking Bill's ass, no mercy, just full hard thrusts until he too shot a load of cream deep into the bowels of a friend.

Three naked men, sitting side by side on the couch, beers in hand. "What is it about Halloween? I have never had sex with a man before," said Bill, "nor do I anticipate doing it again, but damn fucking Joey's ass was hot!"

Joey nodded, "I've never had sex with anyone other than my wife. Does this count as cheating?"

Morty smiled, "I have sex with whoever pays to take me to some exotic destination. Man or woman, or both in some cases. I love sex, an ass is an ass, male or female, a mouth is a mouth, but I do like a good tight pussy. Don't get me wrong. Sex is sex, period." he frowned, "I just never found anyone to fall in love with, well except you guys of course."

"I need a shower before I go home to my wife." As Joey started to go, Morty said, "Just wait one minute , you need to start with a tongue bath." He stood up and pushed his friend forward, driving his tongue deep in Joey's ass, sucking out the cum. He loved the taste of fresh cum, hot and oozing from a newly fucked ass. Joey's cock sprung to attention at the unaccustomed sensation. 

"At least I'll have a little something for the wife when I get home." he left for the shower, humming a song and smiling.

Morty cleaned Bill's ass, probing deep, loving the taste on his tongue, savoring the aroma, smacking his lips and rubbing his cock as he did. They curled up on the couch and quickly fell asleep.

When Joey came downstairs he found his two best friends laying on the couch, spooning, still naked but asleep. He put his clothes on and enjoyed the crisp fall air as he walked home. Home to his wife, his family, his comfortable life. He paused, wistfully looking over his shoulder, wondering what would have happened if things had been different way back then.