 PRELUDE

Conner woke up Saturday with a morning erection and he rolled over expecting to find Tyler but the bed was empty. Conner was disappointed that Tyler had already left he bed as he would have loved fucking that curvy ass first thing that morning. He reached down and took a hold of his 7+: thick cock and stroked it slowly. He thought back to last night when he had fucked Tyler three times without removing his cock. They had been at it for hours and it was Tyler who was curious to see how many times Conner could cum without removing his cock from Tyler's ass.

As Conner replayed the marathon of sex from the night before he decided to get out of bed and look for the cute effeminate blonde. He swung his muscular legs out of bed and they supported his 6'2" chiseled body. At 23 years of age Conner was proud of his physique and stature. He located his sleep shorts under the bed covers and pulled them on over his muscular buttocks. He made his way to the bathroom, took his morning piss and washed his face and hands. The cold water felt good on his hazel eyes and he ran the washcloth over his short brown hair. 

Conner smelled the aroma of coffee and he surmised that Tyler was in the kitchen, He made his way downstairs and into the kitchen. Conner stood in the kitchen and watched as Tyler moved around the counter making coffee and preparing breakfast items. Conner's eyes were fixated on Tyler's sweet round ass encased in his tight sleep shorts. He still couldn't believe that he had actually fucked that sweet ass the night before. Now he stared at it as it undulated under the snug fabric, he felt his cock stiffen in his shorts. Unable to resist the allure of Tyler's bottom, Conner closed the distance between them.

Conner moved close to Tyler and reached out with both hands and cupped the lovely buttocks. Tyler flinched at first and then relaxed as Conner massaged the firm round globes. Tyler cooed and leaned back into Conner as his hands slipped inside the shorts and fondled the bare flesh.

Tyler reached behind him and located Conner's hard cock straining in the sleep shorts. 

Conner pushed Tyler's shorts down and they slid all the way to his ankles. Tyler stepped out of his shorts as Conner removed his own. Not a word was spoken between them. Conner moved in closer and let his cock rest in the crack of Tyler's ass. Tyler moved his butt up and down using his buttocks to massage the stiff dick. Conner couldn't wait any longer as he just had to fuck the pretty young gay again. Tyler scooped some margarine out of the tub on the counter and used it to lubricate his anal passage. He also coated Conner's cock with it.

Conner used his saliva to make his cock even slicker before he pressed forward and let it sink into Tyler's receptive ass. Tyler leaned forward and arched his back causing his ass to look even more appealing. Conner sunk his cock all the way in and then retreated keeping just the head in, being careful not to let it slip out. Conner continued his slow steady fucking motion until he felt his imminent ejaculation. 

He pulled out and sprayed his load all over Tyler's buttocks and then using his still stiff cock he pushed the semen around on the bare bottom. Scooping some up with his cock head he moved it to Tyler's anus. Conner then pushed his cock back into Tyler's ass and let the sphincter milk it dry. Tyler contracted his sphincter around the thick shaft several times squeezing any remaining semen from Conner's cock. Eventually it softened and slipped from Tyler's ass.

Tyler took a dish towel and wiped the semen from his body. Then he handed it to Conner who wiped off his dick. The two of them pulled up their shorts and Tyler resumed getting breakfast ready. Conner poured a cup of coffee and sat at the kitchen table. He continued to watch the pretty gay move around the kitchen. Tyler looked very much like girl from behind. He had long blonde hair that covered his ears and the nape of his neck. His 5'6" body was slender and shapely. He had very nice legs and an absolute killer ass.

Conner thought about how quickly things happened last night. Tyler had been leaving hints around during the week that he was gay and that he was definitely a bottom. Conner found a magazine called Tops and their Lovely Bottoms. The pictorial had several hunks fucking cute guys. On Wednesday evening Conner had turned on the TV and there was a porno flick playing which was also about tops and their pretty bottoms. Conner certainly fit the role of the hunk Top and Tyler was clearly a cute bottom.

Last evening Conner confronted Tyler about the magazine and video. Tyler admitted he was gay and that he would love it if Conner would be his top. Things moved quickly from there and Conner found himself in bed fucking Tyler's sweet receptive ass. Now as he looked at the lovely gay in the kitchen he knew that he would be fucking him all weekend.

A FAVOR RETURNED

Conner had done some consulting work for the for the Moore family which was how he met Tyler a freshman in college. Tyler was home for the summer and stayed with his parents William and Ann Moore. The Moores only had one child and they didn't have Tyler until they were in their forties. Tyler was 19 years old and his parents were in their sixties. William Moore called Conner to ask him a favor.

"Conner, Bill Moore here."

"Yes Mr. Moore have can I help you?"

"You can start by calling me Bill. Mr. Moore sounds too damn old. Anyway the reason I'm calling is that the Mrs. And I are going to Europe for a month."

"Wow that sounds great. Have a great trip."

"Thank you but here's the deal. Our son Tyler does not want to go with us."

"Really, do you have an extra ticket? I'll go."

"I'm sure you would but I need a favor. I need someone to keep an eye on Tyler and the house while we are gone."

"Okay, sure, I can do that. I'll check on him if you like."

"Actually, I would like you to house sit for us. I mean stay at the house and be there every night. You can sleep in the guest room."

"I guess I could do that. How does Tyler feel about that?"

"He's fine with it. He likes you and he welcomes the company. I will pay you for your time."

"There is no need to pay me. I'll be happy to do you a favor. When are you leaving?"

"We are leaving next Saturday. I want you to stop over before then and I will give you the lay of the land."

"I can come over tomorrow evening if that is okay."

"Perfect, I'll see you then."

William Moore hung up and Conner thought about what he had agreed to do. The Moore's had a stately residence with a large swimming pool. Conner had always envied it and thought that when he was successful, he too would have a place like that. Conner didn't know much about Tyler as he had only met him on a few occasions but he seemed nice enough. The next evening Conner met with the Moore family and Bill laid out his expectations. Conner was comfortable with the arrangements and agreed to move in the following weekend. Conner did not know that Tyler was gay and that Tyler looked forward to having Conner stay at the house. 

The following Saturday, Conner and Tyler took the Moores to the airport and wished them a safe and enjoyable journey. When they returned home it was after lunch and Tyler invited Conner to hang out by the swimming pool until dinner time. Conner agreed and changed into his swim suit, snug fitting swim trunks. Tyler on the other hand wore a skimpy tight fitting bikini bottom that really emphasized the shape of his curvy ass.

"I'm going to get a beer. Do you want one?" Conner offered.

"No thanks not yet, I'm going to get a quick swim in first," Tyler replied.

Tyler walked passed Conner who watched as the pretty blonde walked toward the swimming pool. Conner's eyes were fixed on the marvelous looking ass of the 19 year old. The ass was so perfectly shaped that it didn't it seem real. It was like looking at one of those cartoon characters where their prowess was exaggerated. Tyler really looked like a flat chested girl. Conner thought to himself that many a girl would love to have an ass like that. Conner went in the house to get his beer. When he returned Tyler was still swimming laps in the pool. Tyler was a good swimmer and looked very graceful in the water.

Conner had brought out the newspaper and was sipping his beer when Tyler finished his swim. Tyler dried off and went in the house to get a drink. Conner watched him again and marveled at the teen's flawless smooth skin and killer ass. Conner thought about the last girl he butt fucked who had a very sweet ass. He liked occasional anal sex but only when the girl had a great looking ass.

Tyler returned with his drink and sat next to Conner. They chatted amiably and got along great. Tyler told Conner about college and Conner talked about his work as a consultant. They agreed to have pizza for dinner that evening as it was easy and neither one of them felt like cooking. As they relaxed in the warm California sun, Tyler was already scheming as to how he could seduce Conner. He decided that he would leave hints around the house so that Conner would find out that Tyler was gay.

Later that evening after they had the pizza they were watching TV when Tyler said he was turning in early. Conner watched the sports channel for a couple of hours before he decided to go to bed. He had to walk by Tyler's room on the way to the guest room and he saw the light on and the door open. He looked in and Tyler was sleeping or at least Conner thought so. Conner went in to turn of the lamp on the nightstand and he saw a magazine with pictures of naked guys. He was curious so he picked up the magazine and then turned out the light. Conner left Tyler's room and Tyler smiled to himself as Conner had taken the bait.

Conner went to his room and closed the bedroom door. He put on his sleep shorts and got in bed with the magazine. He saw that it was a porn magazine with just naked guys having sex. It was titled, "Tops and their Pretty Bottoms." Conner paged through it and saw handsome muscular guys fucking effeminate looking gays. The hunks in the magazine did not touch the gay's cocks. The gays would sucked the hunks to hardness and then take the impressive cocks in their shapely asses. 

Conner had never seen anything like it. He was mesmerized by the sex acts. He also noticed that when the gays were butt fucked from behind, in some scenes they really looked like girls. Conner actually got an erection from looking at some of the scenes. He then realized that Tyler must be gay and that he could easily be one of those cute bottoms. He had seen enough and decided to replace the magazine in Tyler's room. Without turning on the light he placed it back on Tyler's nightstand.

Sunday morning Conner was up early and he had a piss hard-on. Too bad there was no girl to fuck that morning. He took his morning piss and in just his sleep shorts he went down to the kitchen and made coffee. He went back up to Tyler's room with a cup of coffee. Conner was not prepared for what he saw next.

Tyler was in bed lying naked on his stomach without bed covers. His magnificent ass looked fantastic. It was as if someone added the buttocks to his slender body. Conner was sure that Tyler' cheeks stuck out at least 12" from his lower back and legs. Tyler' cock and balls were not visible and he truly looked like a pretty girl sprawled naked in the bed. His mind flashed back to the images in the magazine and he pictured Tyler getting butt fucked. Conner felt his cock surge in his shorts and he was actually tempted to free it from its confines. He continued to stare at the incredible ass and he wondered what it might be like to fuck Tyler. Conner thought to himself, "Would it really be that different fucking Tyler in the ass then it was butt fucking a girl?" 

Conner imagined Tyler on all fours with his head down on the bed and his curvy ass in the air. Conner was sure that he could bring himself to fuck Tyler in the doggy position. He imagined his cock sliding in and out between the glorious ass cheeks and filling the warm anal passage. It took all his will power to refrain from taking it further. Just then Tyler rolled to his side and he smiled at Conner, "Good morning," he whispered and asked, "Been there long?"

"No just got here," Conner lied unconvincingly, "I brought you a cup of coffee."

"Oh thanks," Tyler replied accepting the coffee.

Tyler sat up and his morning erection was evident although that did not interest Conner. Tyler pulled the bedcover over his lower body to cover his less than average size cock and sipped the coffee. Conner sat down in the chair across from the bed and as he did, Tyler noticed that Conner's cock tented his shorts. Tyler smiled again as he realized that he had achieved the desired effect on Conner.

They chatted for a short while and finished their coffee. "I'm going up to the kitchen to get another cup of coffee. Do you need a refill?" Conner offered.

"No thanks, I'm good. I'm going to take a shower."

"Okay, I'll see you downstairs."

Tyler showered and as he did he imagined Conner's big cock sliding into his ass. Tyler washed his bottom and fingered his anus as he jerked off in the shower. Tyler was very selective about who he let in his ass and he like to use his asset to seduce straight guys. He would work on Conner that week and he soon hoped to bed him. His thoughts were interrupted when he felt his ball sac tighten and then he released a massive load in the shower. Tyler closed his eyes as he ejaculated with two of his fingers in his anus as he imagined that Conner was fucking him.

A WEEK OF SUGGESTIVE SEDUCTION

On Sunday they hung out by the pool and watched some TV. Tyler again excused himself early and went to his room. Conner wondered if Tyler would be looking at the magazine and jerking off. There wasn't anything good on TV so Conner decided to check out the DVDs to see if the Moores had any good movies. He found one to his liking but when he went to play it he found a DVD in the player.

It was a gay porn movie that Tyler must have left in the player. Conner looked at the title and it read, Bi Tops and Gay Bottoms. Curiosity got the better of him and he played the movie. He muted the sound so that Tyler would hear it. Conner didn't watch more than one scene but he got the idea. Handsome muscular hunks fucked cute gays with great asses. He turned off the player and decided to go to bed and read in his room. Conner had no idea that Tyler left the DVD in the player on purpose. It worked as Conner made a mental note to watch the movie some time when Tyler was out. 

Conner had difficulty reading as his mind kept going back to the movie. He was sure that Tyler was gay and he wondered if he fantasized about being a bottom. Eventually Conner fell asleep. Sometime during the night Conner left his bedroom and went to check on Tyler. Conner was naked and sporting a huge erection when he entered Tyler's bedroom. There was a dim light but Conner could make out Tyler kneeling on the bed on all fours. His naked ass was perched in the air and he wiggled it at Conner. Tyler had his head down on the bed turned to one side and he whispered softly to Conner. "I knew that you would come to me. I have my ass ready for you. It is well lubed and waiting for your big cock." 

Conner was lost for words and without speaking he got on the bed behind Tyler. Conner seemed to be in a trance as he eased his impressive cock into the incredible ass in front of him. Something was wrong though as Conner's cock seemed to grow to an extreme length. His cock kept getting longer and he kept feeding it to Tyler' ass. Conner didn't think it was possible for so much cock to go into a rectum. Tyler kept asking for more and Conner kept feeding it to him. Then Conner felt his balls tighten just before he ejaculated. Conner shot a massive load into Tyler' rectum. It was so voluminous and so forceful that it backed up and shot out all over the room. Conner seemed to keep cumming and the semen covered Tyler' body obscuring him from view. Soon the entire room was white with semen and Conner felt tremendous pressure in his scrotum. He felt like he was going to explode and then he woke up.

It took Conner a minute to realize that he was in his own bed alone. His head flopped back on his pillow and he let out a huge sigh. "Jesus, that was one hell of a dream," he thought. Conner's cock was rock hard and this time he did masturbate to relief himself. He tried to think of Bonnie's sweet ass but his mind kept taking him back to Tyler. Conner closed his eyes as he stroked his dick and fantasized about fucking Tyler in his curvy ass. He felt his ball sac tighten just before he ejaculated firing six streams of semen into the air. His seed landed on his chest and abs and covered his pubes. Conner remained still and breathed deeply after his satisfying ejaculation. Minutes later he stumbled into the bathroom to wash away the massive load from his body. "I need to get some pussy," he thought. He returned to bed and slept soundly until his alarm woke him.

Conner got up showered and dressed. He looked in on Tyler, who was again sleeping in the nude on his belly. Conner took a quick look at the shapely ass and then walked away. He had a quick breakfast, left Tyler a note and left for work. He would be at a client site during the day but back at the house each evening. On Thursday and Friday he would work out of the house. Conner hoped that Tyler might be gone for a while one of those days so he could check out the movie as he was overcome with curiosity.

The first three work days at the Moore's home where uneventful except that Conner noticed that Tyler went out of the way to draw attention to his curvy bottom. He often just wore his sleep shorts after dinner and they were very tight accentuating the shape of his ass. He slept in the nude and he was always on top of the covers lying face down every morning when Conner looked in on him. The porn magazine was visible in his room but Conner ignored it.

On Thursday, Conner stayed at the house and worked from there. He had some admin work to do and a number of phone calls to make. Tyler decided to go to the mall with some of his friends and left Conner alone at home. Tyler said he wouldn't be back until the late afternoon. As soon as Tyler pulled out of the driveway, Conner was at the DVD player. He sat in an easy chair and anxiously waited for the movie to start.

There were five scenes in the movie with different actors but they followed the same pattern. A good looking muscular guy gets seduced by an effeminate looking gay. Conner had to admit that the gays were almost pretty with smooth skin and nearly hairless bodies. They all had very nice asses. The scene started off with some lame plot but before long the gay was on his knees lowering the zipper of the hunk. Within minutes the gay fished out a big dick and began sucking it.

As the gay sucked the hunk's cock he unfastened his pants and pushed them down along with his underwear. He would masturbate as he sucked the guy's cock. Conner noticed that all the gays had average or below average size cocks. Things moved rapidly and soon both parties were naked and either in a bed or on a sofa or chair. Conner noticed that in each case lubricant of some sort was used for the anal sex. When they gays were being fucked dog style they really looked like girls as their cocks and balls were not visible.

Some shots did show the gay's genitals and Conner was amazed that they maintained an erection while being butt fucked. In two scenes the hunks shot their loads on the gay's faces and Conner didn't like that. The other scenes the hunks pulled out and shot their loads on the gay's butts and Conner liked that. In one scene the hunk creamed the gay's ass and then flipped him over. Scooping up his own semen with his cock he re-entered the gay's ass. He then fucked the gay missionary style as the gay masturbated and shot his load onto his chest and abs. There was not a single instance where a hunk touched a gay's cock. Conner wondered if the actors were actually bi-sexual as it didn't seem that they were gay. 
