 It had been two weeks since Conner agreed at stay at the Moore's house and help their son keep an eye on their house. Things had turned out better than expected for Conner as he learned that Tyler was gay. Conner considered Tyler pretty rather than good looking mainly due to his shapely body with long blonde hair. Tyler had the nicest ass that Conner had ever seen and fucked in his life. Conner liked fucking the pretty gay and he didn't imagine not fucking him until the Moores returned from Europe. 

Conner had a bust week ahead of him and he would be out of the house most of the days. That did not deter the two from having great sex together. Monday evening Conner returned to the house around 6:00 PM and it had been a long day. He had left the house that morning without getting his cock sucked or fucking Tyler. Conner entered the house and flopped down in the family room chair. Tyler was wearing sweats but Conner knew the ass that presently concealed under the loose fitting pants. Tyler brought Conner a drink and Conner nodded his appreciation.

"So how was your day?"

"Exhausting but rewarding, the client extended the agreement."

"Good for you, are you ready to relax now?"

"Definitely," Conner sighed.

As he sipped his drink, Tyler moved over and knelt in front of Conner. He reached up and unbuckled Conner's belt and then proceeded to unfasten his trousers. Tyler pulled the pants down as Conner lifted his hips making it easier. Tyler smiled when he saw the erection in Conner's boxers. First he fished it through the opening and stroked it lovingly before taking it in his mouth. Tyler sucked on the impressive cock for several minutes before he pulled Conner's boxers off. 

Again Conner lifted his hips as his boxers were pulled down his legs. The material snagged his stiff cock and it sprung out when the shorts were removed. Tyler loved doing that and watching the big cock bob in front of him. Tyler removed the shorts and returned to sucking Conner's cock. Conner was seated in the family room chair naked from the waist down. He still had on his shirt and tie and his socks and shoes. He was relaxed though as Tyler gave him another signature blow job.

Conner sipped his drink a few times while his cock was getting sucked and he patted Tyler on the head as a signal that he was doing a great job. Tyler was into it now and he wanted to taste Conner's seed. Tyler picked up the pace and Conner felt that familiar tingling right before he came. Conner didn't say anything as he knew Tyler wanted it in his mouth. Conner moaned and then his hips lifted off the chair as he fired a barrage of semen into Tyler's mouth. Tyler swallowed quickly and drank down every drop of the voluminous discharge. Conner slumped in the chair as Tyler milked every drop from his shaft.

Standing up Tyler smiled and said, "That will hold you until after dinner and then I want that big dick in my ass again. For now I will refresh your drink and get dinner going."

Conner handed the near empty glass to Tyler and loosened his tie. He sat there with naked from the waist down with his balls empty for the time being. Tyler returned with the drink and Conner tanked him. For several minutes Conner remained partially clothed sipping his drink while Tyler got dinner started. He finished his second drink and then picked up his clothes and went up to his room to change. Conner put on warm-ups and returned downstairs to see if there was anything he could do to help Tyler.

The two of them dined at the kitchen table and afterward cleaned the dishes and put them away. Tyler was anxious to get fucked but he didn't want to rush Conner. They enjoyed an after dinner drink and then it was time. "Let's go to my room," Tyler suggested. 

They went to Tyler's room and took their clothes off. Tyler got on his bed and waved his naked curvy ass at Conner. Picking up a tube of cream he asked, "Do you want to do me or should I?"

Conner smiled and took the cream, "I'll do it. I love fingering your ass and getting it ready for my cock."

Tyler lowered his head to the mattress and turned it to the side so he could watch them in his bedroom mirror. He arched his back accentuating the shape of his beautiful ass and he liked how he looked in that position. He was proud of his ass and he was thrilled that Conner had taken to it. Conner liberally applied the cream to Tyler's buttocks and gently probed the snug aperture. He loved caressing the curvy buttocks and fingering the pink aperture. Tyler cooed as his ass was fondled and probed.

Conner added a second finger into the anus and stroked his cock with his other hand. He coated his cock with the same cream and then spit on it to make it super slick. He moved behind Tyler and eased his impressive cock into the lovely receptive ass. Tyler moaned softly as he was penetrated once again with the big dick. He loved the way the cock filled him and he reached for his own cock. Conner was in no hurry as he never was when he was fucking Tyler. He moved in and out with long steady strokes and caressed the lovely buttocks as he watched the action.

Tyler was incredibly turned on and his ejaculation happened sooner than he expected. He shot streams of semen onto his bed sheets and as he did his sphincter squeezed and released the thick shaft in his rectum. Conner liked it when Tyler came first as he enjoyed the sensation brought on the sphincter contracting around his cock. He maintained his pace as he wanted it to last for as long as possible. Tyler looked so good on all fours with his ass full of cock. He really looked like a girl with his curvy figure, long blond hair and pretty face. Conner loved watching his cock slide in and out of the gorgeous ass.

It was several minutes later when Conner finally lost it and flooded Tyler's rectum with a huge load. Tyler felt the thick dick pulsate in his bottom as several jets shot into him. As always Conner pressed forward driving his cock all the way home and remained still as the sphincter milked it dry. He pulled out slowly and watched as his seed oozed from the anus and trickled down between the lovely buttocks. Conner made a game of it and using his cock he pushed some of his semen back into the shapely ass. Tyler minutes later flopped face down on his bed.

"I'm going to hit the sack. "I have an early meeting tomorrow," Conner said as he gathered up his clothes and left the room.

Tyler remained face down with his semen drying underneath him and Conner's load still seeping from his hole. He missed getting his cock sucked and fucking other guys. He knew that Conner would never come around so he decided that he would call his friends and invite them over on Saturday. He would tell Conner tomorrow and make sure that he was cool with it. Tyler knew that his father did not want any loud parties at the house so he would just invite three of his gay buddies to party with him. 

GROUP SEX ON SATURDAY

Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday were repeat performances of Monday. Conner would arrive at the Moore's house after a long day at the client site. Tyler would greet him with a drink and then treat him to a signature blow job. After dinner just before bedtime, Conner would fuck Tyler's lovely ass. It was on Tuesday that Tyler brought up the topic of inviting some friends over on Saturday.

"I would like to have a few of my friends over Saturday afternoon. We'll hang out by the swimming pool."

"You know that your father said no parties while he's gone."

"It won't be a party. We'll be quiet. We will have sex but it will not be a wild party. Besides you will be here to keep an eye on things."

"Are your friends gay?"

"Of course, I've hooked up with them before. They're all cool guys."

"Do you ever worry about STD?"

"When I party with these guys we always use condoms. I'm clean and I know you're clean which is why we can fuck bareback but with others I always use condoms."

"That's good to know. So you're not getting enough with me, is that it."

"Hey we have great sex together. I love sucking your cock and you fucking me. I miss getting my cock sucked and I miss fucking another guy."

"I guess I can understand that. I do have a lot of work to catch up on this weekend so I can do that while you party with your friends. Promise to keep the noise down as we don't want nosy neighbors saying anything to your dad."

"We will and thanks."

Minutes later they were in Tyler's bed with Conner drilling the curvy ass one more time. That Thursday after Conner returned to his room, Tyler had a difficult time getting to sleep. Finally in the early morning hour he made his way to Conner's bed. Tyler was naked with his ass well-greased when he crawled in bed with Conner. He snuggled up behind Conner and pressed his body to the muscular frame.

Conner was in a deep sleep when he felt a tingling in his loins. He stirred and realized that his cock was being fondled. Tyler had slipped his hand in the sleep short opening and was working the cock into an erection. Conner rolled toward Tyler who pushed the sleep shorts down baring the big hard dick. Using his foot Tyler pushed the sleep shorts all the way down Conner's legs and off his feet.

Turning Tyler away from him, Conner moved his cock into position and found the anal passage to be very slick. He eased the raging hard-on into the shapely bottom and began to move ever so slowly. Next to fucking Tyler on all fours, the spoon position was Conner's second favorite position for butt fucking. He liked the feel of the smooth buttocks against his groin. Conner draped an arm over Tyler and held him as he fucked him.

Tyler guided Conner's hand to his own erection and moaned softly when the big hand wrapped around the stiff dick. Conner had become accustomed to masturbating Tyler at times when he fucked him. After about twenty minutes, Tyler shot his wad and Conner felt the semen rush through the shaft onto the bed sheet. It wasn't long afterward when Conner ejaculated into Tyler's rectum and then the two of them remained coupled together for quite some time.

They both dozed off but were awakened when Conner's cock softened and slipped out of Tyler. That night Tyler stayed in Conner's bed until morning. The alarm went off and Conner was up quickly to shower, dress and head off the work. Tyler remained in Conner's bed until mid-morning and then he showered and dressed. Later after breakfast Tyler sat in the family room and watched a new porn movie that he had recently picked up. It was another movie about tops and bottoms.

On Friday, Conner worked out of the house that day. He and Tyler had sex three times during the day and then again in bed that night. Conner was glad that he got to cum four times that day as it would allow him to cool it on Saturday. He had to work on a client proposal and Tyler would be occupied with his friends. They both slept in on Saturday and had a big brunch that morning. Afterward Conner set up in the family room and Tyler awaited the arrival of his friends. It was 12:30 when the first guy arrived. By 1:00 PM Tyler and his three friends were by the pool. 

Conner was glad that Tyler did not introduce him to the other gays. His curiosity eventually got the best of him and he went upstairs to check on them. The upstairs bedroom window was a better vantage point then any location on the main level. He moved close to the window and peeked outside. The four guys were all wearing very skimpy Speedo like swim suits. The tight brief suits showed off their packages. The guys were all built similar and they all appeared to have flawless bodies. They were each in a lounge chair drinking and talking to each other. Then the guy with blonde hair got up and moved over to Tyler's lounge. He sat on the side of it and began to touch Tyler as they talked. Conner watched intently as the blonde ran his hands along Tyler's chest, abs and thighs. Next the blonde leaned in and kissed Tyler and Tyler in return put his arm around the blonde's neck and pulled him in closer as they kissed.

The blonde was just as pretty as Tyler and it was somewhat exciting to see them kiss like a guy and girl. The blonde then broke the kiss and began to trail kisses down Tyler's body. Conner watched as the blonde kissed Tyler's neck, pecs, nipples and abs. The blonde took a hold of Tyler's swim suit and pulled it down freeing Tyler's cock which was now rigid. Tyler's cock sprung out as the swim suit cleared it.

Conner saw the blonde take Tyler's cock in his mouth. Tyler leaned back and closed his eyes as his friend's head bobbed up and down on his cock. Conner wondered if Tyler would cum in the blonde guy's mouth. He also noticed the two dark haired guys. They had their swim suits off and they had moved into a 69 position on one of the lounges. He watched them briefly as they sucked each other's cock and then he looked back at the other two. The blonde stopped sucking Tyler and then removed Tyler's bathing suit. Conner was not prepared for the blonde's next move.

The blonde pushed Tyler's legs back toward Tyler's chest exposing Tyler's asshole. Then the blonde leaned in and began to rim Tyler's asshole. Conner had never seen anyone lick an asshole before and it seemed bizarre to him that someone would do that. Tyler seemed to love it and he jerked on his cock as his lover licked and probed his anus. Next the blonde guy took the lotion and began to smear it all over Tyler's ass.

Conner watched as the blonde fingered Tyler's asshole apparently getting it ready for his cock. He knew that the blonde would fuck Tyler. The blonde stood up and stripped off his swim suit. His cock bobbed in front of him and it seemed to be about the same size as Tyler's cock. The blonde put on a condom, knelt on the lounge between Tyler's legs and slowly eased his cock into Tyler's asshole. He took his time feeding Tyler a little at a time until Tyler apparently loosened up. He began to fuck Tyler with long steady strokes. Conner watched intently as the blonde picked up the pace and gave Tyler's ass a good pounding. Conner had forgotten about the other two who were still in a 69 position sucking each other's cock. Conner watched Tyler who had his head back and his eyes closed as he stroked his own cock. Then it happened.

The blonde pulled out of Tyler's ass, whipped off the condom and aimed his cock at Tyler's body as streams of cum shot out. Conner watched as at least six streams of cum spurted out and landed on Tyler's body. The first shot hit Tyler in the face and neck and then his chest and abs were cum covered by the remaining shots. Tyler jerked his cock faster and then he too ejaculated onto his on body. Five or six jets spurted from his cock and covered his chest, abs and pubes co-mingling with his partner's cum. 

Conner then turned his attention to the other two just in time to see them pull out of each other's mouth and spray the sides of their faces with their loads. Both guys spurted several streams and then they took the cocks back in their mouths and sucked them dry. They sucked on each other's cock for several minutes before they broke from their position and sat up. Then they kissed each other. Conner looked back at Tyler and his lover to see that they had embraced and they were kissing again. The blonde had moved between Tyler's legs and had lain down on Tyler's cum covered body.

After a few minutes the four of them got up and giggling like a bunch of school children they jumped in the swimming pool. Conner watched as the four guys swam and frolicked in the pool and he wondered if they were going to have more sex. The guys then began to kiss each other and hug each other in the pool. By the time they emerged from the water they were all hard again. Conner watched as they four naked guys sporting erections moved back to the lounges. 

Tyler got on all fours on the lounge and Conner again admired Tyler's shapely ass. It was beautiful. It was perfect. The two dark haired guys moved to Tyler, one in front and one behind. The one behind Tyler lubricated Tyler's ass and then shoved his condom covered cock into Tyler's bottom. The guy in front fed Tyler his cock and Tyler willingly took it in his mouth. Conner then saw the other blonde dip his head under Tyler and take Tyler's cock in his mouth.

Conner watched as the foursome fucked and sucked each other until it was time to cum. The guy in Tyler's ass pulled out, shed the condom and sprayed his load all over Tyler's back and buttocks. The guy in Tyler's mouth pulled out and sprayed his cum all over Tyler's back. The blonde removed his mouth from Tyler's cock and jerked on it until Tyler ejaculated on the towel under him. The blonde stood up and jerked off on Tyler's body. Once again they made a bee line for the swimming pool and they all jumped in.

Conner decided that it was a good time to take a break and get a beer. He returned with his beer and once again took up his position by the bedroom window looking out at the swimming pool and deck. The four boys were embracing and kissing again but this time they were standing up. The blonde and Tyler kissed and ran their hands over each other's body caressing each other's ass and stroking each other's cock. The two dark hair guys were doing the same thing. Tyler took his cock and the blonde's cock in one hand and jerked on them together. Conner found that to be a very erotic gesture.

They hugged, kissed and caressed each other for several minutes and then they all moved to a lounge chair. The two dark hair guys moved into a 69 position with one on the bottom and one on top. They began sucking each other's cock as Tyler and the other blonde guy moved to either end of the lounge. Conner watched as Tyler and his partner lubricated the assholes of the two dark hair guys. Tyler and the blonde guy put on condoms and began fucking the two guys sucking cocks. Conner watched the four of them fuck and suck until they came. Once again they all pulled out of assholes and mouths and ejaculated, this time on the bodies of the dark hair guys. Conner watched as enormous loads were sprayed on the lithe bodies. One more time the four pretty gays jumped back in the pool where they swam and played grab ass for several minutes.

They came out of the pool and moved to the lounges. Tyler rolled over on his back and his pretty cock stuck up in the air. The blonde guy moved in to kiss Tyler while the two dark hair guys licked and sucked Tyler's cock. They ran their mouths up and down Tyler's shaft and then took turns taking the cock in their mouths. The blonde guy and Tyler kept kissing while Tyler received a blow job from the dark haired guys. Sensing that Tyler was close to cumming, the two guys ran their lips up and down the side of Tyler's cock. The two dark haired guys were able to establish a pace so that their mouths moved in unison. Finally Tyler exploded and cum shot out of his cock but the two guys never took their mouths off his shaft. Tyler's cum landed on the hair and faces of the dark guys but they went right on mouthing the spurting cock.

Tyler's cock then stopped spurting and the remaining cum seeped out and ran down his shaft. The two dark hair guys mouthed Tyler's cock clean and then they kissed each other. Conner had never seen such behavior and he waited for the four boys to jump back in the pool before he went back to the family room. He tried the best he could to focus on work but once again he was haunted by the images of the pretty gays with their beautiful cocks and asses having sex. Conner had been surprised that the sex had been so erotic. It wasn't the slam bam sex that he thought they would have. They were making love to each other. There was a lot of foreplay as they were kissing, hugging caressing before sucking and fucking. 

He was glad that Tyler had cum so many times. Conner was already planning to spend the rest of Saturday evening fucking Tyler's brains out. He was charged and ready for a night of hot sex. Shortly after the gays left the house Conner was all over Tyler who walked back into the house naked. Conner quickly stripped and stepped up behind his blonde lover. There were no preliminaries as Conner slid his stiff dick all the way into Tyler's ass. The passage was still slick and loose form all the butt fucking earlier. Conner fucked Tyler standing up which is the first time they were ever in that position. It spoke to the urgency of the moment. Conner did not last long and he shot a massive load in the receptive rectum. 
