 MORNING WOOD

On Monday morning Conner was up early as he planned to work out before starting the business day. He would be working out of the Moores house that day so he had time for a work out and a healthy breakfast first. He rolled his muscular legs out of bed and when he stood up he was sporting a morning erection. He didn't have to pee as he normally did probably because he had gone a few times during the night. He rubbed his stiff dick through the sleep shorts as he walked toward the bathroom.

He passed Tyler's room and as usual the bedroom door was open. Tyler was sleeping face down with his left leg bent slightly. That posture accentuated the shape of his lovely ass encased in his snug fitting sleep shorts. Conner stared at the pretty blonde gay and decided that his workout could wait as he just had to fuck that sweet ass again. He walked into Tyler's room and sat on the side of the bed. Conner pulled the sleep shorts down just below the curvy buttocks. He felt his cock twitch as he looked at the lovely bottom.

Conner began to massage the perfectly shaped buttocks causing Tyler to stir and coo. Spotting the lube that they had used last night, Conner took it and greased Tyler's anus. He began with one finger, added a second and soon had three fingers sawing in and out of Tyler's ass. Tyler's head was turned to the side and he had a lustful smile on his face. With the shorts covering his cock and balls, his blonde hair covering his ears and neck, he truly looked like a slender blonde girl getting her butt prepared. 

Satisfied that Tyler was more than ready, Conner slipped off his shorts and knelt behind the pretty teen. He eased his cock into the magnificent ass and began to fuck him slowly. Conner liked the look with Tyler's cock and balls contained in the shorts. Only his lovely buttocks were uncovered. Conner was in no hurry to cum and he wanted to savor every minute that he was in that scrumptious ass. 

Tyler sensed that Conner was going to fuck him for a long time that morning and let him have his way. Tyler was now facing down with his weight slightly on both knees. He pushed his ass up toward Conner each time Conner thrust into him. Tyler's cock was rock hard but he sensed that Conner wanted it concealed that morning. They established a rhythm and moved together in unison. Finally Conner could not contain himself any longer and he released a barrage into Tyler's rectum.

Conner pressed forward and remained still as he emptied his balls into Tyler's always receptive ass. Tyler contracted his sphincter around the big dick milking it dry as he always did. The two remained in that position for several moments and then Conner eased his cock out of the shapely ass. He patted Tyler on the bottom and stood up.

"I'm going to get a quick workout in and then have breakfast. I'll catch up with you later."

"I'm going to rest for a minute and then I'll get up."

Conner nodded and left Tyler's room. Tyler rolled to his back and pushed his shorts down freeing his erection. He masturbated quickly as he was very turned on. As usual he shot a huge load over his upper body and then milked his cock dry. He waited a few minutes and then got up to shower and dress. He was glad that Conner was working out of the house that day as they would have a few sex breaks during the day.

TRAVEL TIME

Monday afternoon Conner received word that he needed to be at a client site out of town on Tuesday and Wednesday. It was the first time he had to travel out of town since he had been staying with Tyler. He knew that he had to make the trip but he was reluctant to leave Tyler home alone. He was sure that Tyler would have his gay friends over for a wild party which would likely get back to the Moores. The solution was to bring Tyler with him and let him stay at the hotel.

"Tyler, I need to speak to you."

"Oh, I thought you were ready to take a break and get a blow job."

"That can wait. I have to go out of town and you will be coming with me."

"Why can't I just hang here?"

"You know why. Your folks will be home in five days and I don't want anything to happen. It has worked out well with me staying here."

"Where are we going?"

"San Diego, I booked us at a nice hotel near the beach."

"Sounds good, maybe I'll meet some cool guys there."

"Maybe, but be careful, we leave early in the morning."

"Since you took a break from work to tell me that, are you ready for a blow job."

"Sure why not, then we'll have lunch."

Tyler knelt before Conner and pulled the athletic shorts down baring the impressive cock he loved to suck. Conner just closed his eyes as Tyler's lips kissed the engorged cock. Conner's body tensed as Tyler's lips moved up and down the shaft and then Conner gasped as Tyler's mouth engulfed his cock. Tyler was just an incredible cocksucker and in no time he had Conner ready to blow his load. Conner tried to prolong his orgasm as long as he could. Tyler caressed the back of Conner's legs and cheeks of his ass as Tyler's warm, wet, wonderful mouth sucked on Conner's cock. Tyler massaged the head of Conner's cock against the roof of his mouth. He encircled the cock with his tongue and Conner felt the light scraping of Tyler's teeth. Conner's dick felt hard, thick and long and he knew he was going to shoot soon.

Tyler took Conner's cock out of his mouth and looked up at him as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged Conner's bloated balls. Tyler then put it back in his mouth and took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged Conner's balls. Tyler tickled the cock head with his tongue and teased Conner's pee slit. Tyler had Conner close to cumming a few times. Tyler seemed to know when Conner was getting close, and he would do things making him last longer, torturing Conner in the process.

Tyler looked up at Conner and smiled as he stroked the slick cock. Then he asked, "Are you ready to cum Conner"?

Conner had his eyes closed and he just shook his head to answer Tyler. Tyler then took Conner's cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of the shaft, nibbled on the cock head and sucked Conner hard. Tyler reached under Conner's balls and rubbed the hardness between his balls and anus. Conner felt his cock thicken and he knew he was going to cum. There was no stopping Conner this time. Tyler grabbed Conner's ass cheeks with both hands as Conner exploded in his mouth. 

"Oh god, oh god," Conner exclaimed as he experienced yet another one of Tyler's blow jobs. 

Conner fired round after round of cum into Tyler's mouth and Tyler sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. Rope after rope of semen shot into Tyler's mouth as Conner seemed to have an endless supply. Finally the barrage subsided and Conner stopped cumming in Tyler's mouth. Tyler sucked on the thick firm cock until he had drained every drop from Conner's dick. 

"You can go back to work now and I'll get lunch ready."

"I will say Tyler that you give great head."

After lunch, Conner wrapped up his work as Tyler sun bathed nude on the pool deck. Later that evening after dinner per Tyler's request, Conner fucked him in the spoon position and jerked off the cute blonde. They turned in early as they had to get up and get to San Diego in the morning. 

TWO DAYS IN SAN DIEGO

They left early the next morning to travel to San Diego. Tyler was dead tired and slept most of the trip. Conner looked at the pretty gay a few times and decided that he really liked Tyler and he particularly liked fucking his lovely ass. Conner knew that he would return to his heterosexual lifestyle once the assignment was over but for now he enjoyed the bisexual arrangement. They arrived at the hotel at 8:00 AM and Tyler woke up as they pulled into to the parking lot.

"What am I going to do until 4:00 PM if the room isn't ready until then?"

"Relax Tyler; I booked the room for yesterday with a late arrival. It will be ready and you can do what you like. I am going to change clothes and go to the client's office. I'll see you around dinner time."

Tyler looked around and he liked the setup at the hotel. He would spend the day resting and becoming familiar with the hotel amenities. The beach was a few blocks away and he might check that out too. They parked the car, checked-in and preceded to the room. Conner put on a suit and then he was off to the client's office. Tyler decided to take a nap before anything else.

Later that day Tyler went to the swimming pool and decided to have lunch poolside. His waiter kept giving Tyler looks and Tyler decided that the waiter was gay. It was about 2:00 PM when Tyler had enough sun and decided to return to the room. He called the waiter over to pay the check.

"Thank you," the waiter said when he saw the gratuity, "My name is Kyle and let me know if there is anything else I can do for you.'

"What else did you have in mind Kyle," Tyler questioned and ran his tongue over his lips.

"My shift is over in an hour, if you would like some room service."

"I would like that very much."

"I'll see you in an hour then."

Tyler returned to his room, took a shower and douched his ass. He dried off and put on nylon shorts with no underwear. He stroked his cock as he waited for Kyle to arrive. The waiter finally arrived and Tyler invited him in. Kyle smiled at Tyler and immediately pulled the shorts down and off his legs. Tyler's cock was fully erect by the time his shorts were removed. Kyle smiled at Tyler and then leaned over to take the impressive cock in his mouth. 

Tyler guessed Kyle to be about 5'6" and 140 pounds. He looked to be in good shape even though he had more of a feminine appearance. His legs were shapely like a girl's and he had an ass that most women would kill for. Kyle was like a brown haired version of Tyler. Kyle sucked on Tyler's dick relishing the firmness and the fleshy mushroom head. He gently fondled Tyler's balls and felt the balls sac tighten as Tyler approached his release. Kyle was an excellent cock sucker and Tyler knew that he would cum soon. He continued to fondle Tyler's balls and he stroked his perineum. Tyler was so turned on that he busted his nut quickly and flooded Kyle's mouth. Kyle handled the discharge expertly and sucked every drop out of Tyler's cock. Kyle held onto Tyler's thighs as he continued to suck Tyler's cock keeping it hard.

"Do you mind if I take off my clothes?" Kyle asked.

"No, take them off," Tyler replied anxious to see Kyle naked and get a good look at that ass.

Kyle returned to the bed and knelt on the side of it as he sucked Tyler's cock again. Tyler reached over and caressed Kyle's curvy ass and he loved the smooth feel of the buttocks. 

"Would you like to fuck me? I want to feel that marvelous cock in my ass. 

Using the hotel supplied lotion, Tyler began to massage Kyle's ass. Tyler then worked Kyle's ass just as he had any of the ones he had ever butt fucked. He lovingly massaged Kyle shapely buttocks and lubricated Kyle's asshole. Tyler put one then two fingers in Kyle's ass and finger fucked him for several minutes.

"I'm ready for you Tyler. I'm ready for you to put your hot dick in me. Go slow and make this last a long time," Kyle whispered sexily.

Tyler got up on the bed, slipped a condom on his cock and lowered his body onto Kyle. Tyler held his erect cock in his hand and guided it to Kyle's anus. Kyle held his breath as the soft mushroom head opened up Kyle's anus and stretched the sphincter. Tyler was thoughtful and gentle as he slowly penetrated a gay's ass once again. Kyle's ass opened up and welcomed Tyler's cock into the warm snug passage. Tyler held still and let Kyle move under him. Once Tyler was satisfied that Kyle had loosened up he began to fuck Kyle with long steady deliberate strokes.

Conner had done as much at the office as he could so rather than hang around until 5:00 PM he decided to leave. He would grab a quick swim before dinner. He arrived at the hotel and noticed the "Do Not Disturb" sign on the room. He was quiet entering the room in case Tyler was napping. Tyler and Kyle never heard him enter the room as they were very consumed with the butt fucking. Conner watched them for a few minutes unsure of how he should proceed. 

At first he thought to turn around and leave but instead he stayed and watched. As he watched the two of them fuck he felt his own cock harden in his pants. Conner at that moment decided to join in as he knew he would never see the other gay again. He stripped off his clothes and his big cock sprung to attention. Conner walked around in front of Kyle who stared at Conner's imposing cock.

"Oh wow Conner, you're back early. I ordered up some room service."

"Really, I didn't see this on the menu."

"This is Kyle he works here. Kyle, that's Conner."

Conner waved his big dick in front of Kyle's face. He saw that Tyler was wearing a condom and he was glad for that. Kyle looked at the impressive cock in front of him.

"Wow, you are hung. I can't believe that Tyler can take that in his ass," Kyle gasped. 

"Kyle, suck his cock. Let's make it a threesome," Tyler urged.

Kyle tentatively reached for Conner's cock. He held the long thick cock in his hand briefly before he finally licked the head with his tongue. Kyle couldn't believe the girth on Conner's cock as he could not wrap his hand all the way around it. Kyle opened his mouth and took the head into his mouth and he felt his jaw strain to accommodate Conner's size. Kyle only took about four inches of Conner's cock into his mouth and began to suck on it. Tyler resumed fucking the waiter as Kyle sucked on Conner's cock. It had been a while since Tyler had fucked anyone and he was thrilled to do it to Kyle.

Conner liked the blow job he was getting from the waiter as it was nearly as good as any Tyler had given him. Even though Kyle was still adjusting to Conner's size he did a good job sucking the cock. Conner flooded Kyle's mouth and Kyle was surprised by the force and amount of cum that Conner shot into his mouth. Kyle had to pull off Conner's cock to keep from gagging and the remainder of Conner's cum splashed off of Kyle's forehead and face. Tyler emptied his balls into the condom as he watched Conner's massive load hit the waiter's face. Kyle wiped cum off his face and licked his fingers clean.

"I need to cum now," Kyle gasped.

Tyler moved into position to be fucked and Kyle got the lube and prepared Tyler's ass. As Kyle was fingering Tyler's shapely ass Conner decided that he would fuck Kyle's nice round curvy ass. Conner took the lube and fingered Kyle's ass just as he often did with Tyler's ass. Kyle was leery of Conner's big cock and he hoped that Conner wouldn't hurt him. They both put on condoms and Conner was glad that Tyler had thought to bring them as he wouldn't fuck Kyle without one. Kyle slipped his cock into Tyler's ass and began fucking him while Conner continued to finger fuck Kyle. Kyle actually liked the anal penetration as he fucked Tyler and he wished that Conner had a smaller cock about Tyler's size.

Conner satisfied that Kyle's ass was well lubed applied a generous amount of lube to his own cock. Conner moved in behind Kyle and pushed his cock into Kyle's asshole. Kyle panicked and pleaded with Conner not to fuck him.

"Oh sweet Jesus, I don't think that I can take you in my ass," Kyle said hesitantly.

"Nonsense, if Tyler can take my cock in his ass you certainly can. You just need to be stretched some more. I'll be careful," Conner replied.

"Fuck him Conner, fuck his ass just like he's fucking mine," Tyler urged.

Kyle's fate was sealed and Conner eased more of his cock into Kyle's ass. Conner was gentle though relentless in his quest to fuck Kyle. Conner would push in a little and stop allowing Kyle to adjust along the way. Finally Conner began a rocking motion and began fucking Kyle slowly. Kyle's ass had stretched enough now that he was comfortable with Conner's cock in him and he resumed fucking Tyler. As Kyle picked up the pace fucking Tyler in the ass he was pushing his own ass back onto Conner's cock. Conner stopped moving as he didn't need to while Kyle was fucking Tyler. Kyle would bury his cock in Tyler and in the process his ass would slide along Conner's cock. When Kyle withdrew slightly from Tyler's ass he impaled his ass on Conner's cock. Conner inched closer and closer as Kyle seemed to be able to take more and more of his cock. Then Kyle felt Conner's pubic hair brush against his buttocks and he realized that Conner was all the way in his ass. Kyle couldn't believe that he had taken all of Conner's big thick cock. Kyle was proud of himself now and he picked up the pace fucking Tyler and impaling himself on Conner's cock.

Conner came before Kyle did but when Kyle felt the condom covered cock swell up, he lost it. Kyle's buttocks tightened as he plunged his cock all the way into Tyler's ass and unleashed his first load of the day. Kyle filled the condom with an enormous load, one of the largest he could remember in some time. As Kyle's buttocks clenched and unclenched, he milked every drop of cum from Conner's cock. Conner caressed Kyle's shapely ass as he let his cock be milked dry. Conner liked looking at the tanned young men with their white asses. The fact that they had tan lines really emphasized the shape of their curvy bottoms and from this position they were look-a-likes.

Tyler was erect again after the fuck session, so he had Kyle suck his cock. Conner watched Kyle suck Tyler's cock and then Conner got hard again. Kyle was also hard again after sucking Tyler and swallowing his load. This time Tyler took Conner's cock in his ass as he sucked Kyle's cock. The three of them fucked and sucked until they were drained and exhausted. Conner's first threesome was a success. It had been quite a while since Conner had cum in condoms but he was glad that Tyler had brought them. He would have never fucked Kyle without protection.

Kyle got up and spoke first, "I need to get going I have to work another shift tonight. Can I take a shower in your bathroom?"

"Sure," Conner approved. 

Before Kyle left he asked Tyler what he had planned for tomorrow. "We are leaving tomorrow so we will check out and I'll hang by the pool until Conner is done at the office."

"Would you like me to arrange for a late checkout? I'm not working until tomorrow evening and we could have some fun."

"Sure that would be great. Are you okay with that Conner?"

"Actually that would be great because then I can change into casual clothes for the trip home. You guys have fun tomorrow. I'll get Tyler loosened up before I go to the office in the morning."

Kyle nodded that he understood and then left the room. 

"I'm exhausted Conner, can we just eat in at the hotel?"

"Sure, I don't feel like going out either. They have a shell fish raw bar in the lounge. I can use a few oysters to rejuvenate my libido."

"Do they work?"

"I don't know but I like them anyway. They certainly can't hurt. Let's shower and get dressed, I'm hungry."

The two of them showered, dressed and hit the raw bar first before ordering dinner. They enjoyed the raw bar, a few beers and dinner before returning to the room several hours later. Tyler watched TV while Conner did some work and then it was time for bed. They both got in naked together but they did not have sex again. Tyler cuddled up against Conner in the spoon position. Conner liked the feel of the blonde's smooth buttocks. They dozed off quickly.

In the early morning hours Conner stirred and he realized he had a raging hard-on. He rolled to his side and took the lotion off the nightstand. He applied the lotion to his cock and used his saliva to make it very slick. He moved back to Tyler and slipped his cock in the blonde's sweet ass. Conner fucked him slowly and eventually dumped a load in Tyler's ass. They stayed coupled together as Conner's cock softened and slipped out. They went back to sleep but the alarm went off an hour later.
