 Peter I hope you don't mind but may I ask you again if we could just give it a go. There was I massaging my best pal like always I did when I visited, call it empathy, call it what you like, but the poor guy had been disabled from birth and somehow, as our friendship grew and we became more acquainted I found myself wanting to ease his sexual frustration. We had long discussions many a time about sexuality and I felt privileged that he wanted to tell me he was gay. 

Before I met Jimmy I was straight as a dye with no leanings towards my own sex, I had lots of girls friends in the past and although I never married, the relationships, although brief, were fine.

Yet since meeting Jimmy I gradually became aware that their was something there, I still don't know how it really happened when we started our mutual masturbation. But I do remember when Jimmy was so depressed and near to suicide, he was so in need of a deep meaning relationship - it just sort of happened, my aim to comfort him, just putting my arm around him initially - but I do remember somehow he guided my hand down to him and that mode developed. One more step a day later and my hand was inside his jeans, we both accepted it as the norm and I remember when he suggested we do it to each other, there we were both laying head to tale on his bed and enjoying a wonderful time. His first touch was magic, I laid there with my hand full of his large cock, massaging him like always, the feelings I enjoyed were divine, and when he urged me to open my legs wide I immediately responded, feeling him burrowing between my bottom, feeling and gently squeezing my balls. Eventually this led to his finger starting to rim me and this was going to far, I moved away from him, telling him I was willing to do most things but not that.

Of course all the sulking came up, but I was adamant, if ever would be ready for that I wasn't then, he continued to ask me like he did now. I just wasn't sure I guess. He was very well equipped to say the least and the thought of that inside me made me quiver with fear.

Still feeling for him I offered to oral him, told him to close his eyes and just to pretend, that I would do my best to try and make it feel like he was inside me.

Of course he went for that and there was I, having made the gesture, doing something I would never have even thought of, even though we had massaged each other and the like - but never ever had I touched orally.

He ventured to try and rush me, I said I needed time, just for him to let me massage him awhile and we would take it from there.

He seemed to go for that and immediately his cock firmed up in my hand, it was lovely to feel and stretch, he had a wonderful bulbous knob which smelt of the sea I thought, and I was beginning to imagine what it tasted like, I realised at the end of the day I would just have to go for it, not think about it but do it, just take the plunge literally, I opened my mouth, closed my eyes and guided half his cock deep into my mouth, feeling the initial warmth and stiffness as I felt my cheeks bulge, he was attempting to get the whole length inside. I yelled at him and told him to let me do it my way, that I didn't want to choke - but he was in another world! His eyes staring upwards, strange throat sounds - urging me on, his hand over my head - moving it, encouraging e to take it deeper, I gave it my wall, I said I would so I did, by the time he had climaxed my whole jaw ached and I had the rich taste of pungent cock in my mouth, knowing I would have to have a swig of water, I managed to avoid the squirt of his cream by grabbing his cock in time to guide it away from my face, if ever I could do that, I mean taste his cream I don't know, the sucking had proved much more pleasant than ever could have imagined, it gave me a strong sense of belonging, the feel of his balls too as I sucked him to the hilt finally, but don't ask me how I managed, he must have been a good eight inches, imagine eight inches of hot throbbing stiff cock pulsing away in my mouth and throat!

But then something occurred to me, I had achieved that and actually enjoyed so much that I had become affixed to it somehow, now I wanted to do it again and again, and I knew then, given the move by Jimmy I would be ready for his fucking of me.

But looking up at him, my head still resting on his thigh he looked fully gratified,. But he was so considerate in saying we had done most things together, and now he must do to me what I had done to him - and then I realised I was about to experience another first, that of a guy sucking me rather that a girl. Me imagining it would be quite different because, well girls don't have cocks do they so maybe another guy would know more what turns another guy on in that sense, and when his fingers found me I decided just to ease myself back on the arm of the settee so he could access me -and relax, feeling his hands cradle my balls and all, then watching him as he moved his mouth very slowly and tantalisingly towards my swollen cock.

Unlike Jimmy I had been circumcised and he had often commented on how good it looked - and how much more attractive it was for what he was going to do.

Now was the time to feel his suck, his mouth exploring me, his tongue wrapping me delightfully, and Oh! his tongue delving into my very p-hole, now that was absolutely enchanting.

For the next half hour or more, I can't remember how long because it was all do lovely, I was completely under his spell, moving and twisting to his command because. Sat on his chair he was limited, I somehow found the right position that seemed to suit him after several attempts, but it was a little nerve racking stretched like I was almost doing the splits over the arms of his chair, all I could do it hold onto the back of the apparatus as he took his enjoyment of me every way but loose, with both my hands committed to keeping me in place he had full advantage of all my down under which made for a very stimulating experience. He absolutely delighted in cradling and squeezing my hanging balls, running his thin fingers along the ridge of my crutch whilst he continued to suck me deep at the same time, he nudged me at the sides of my hips when he wanted me to move slightly, then beautifully I felt him start to do what formerly not wanted, his fingers delving into my anus with not even a how's you like, he whispered that he would lubricate me there to make it easier for him to enjoy me and sure enough, obviously having had it all planned beforehand, he had the lubricant there on his locker beside him, me still stretched precariously over him.

Standing there I let him continue, hoping it would not hurt too much, his finger rimmed me a little then he inserted another gradually stretching it, making me feel; like a play toy for his pleasure, he looked up at me saying he would like to put something else up there, he seemed really determined.

"Let me gently stretch you there and see how you fee about it, I promise I will take it easy with you but I have to tell you this is an ass just waiting for it."

I said nothing, true I was enjoying his advances and what he was doing, he had somehow found the knack of wanking, sucking and tantalising my hole at the same time which was sending a certain shimmer up my spine.

Had I been wrong to deny him of his fuck before, had I not given the idea enough thought, certainly what he was doing to me then , slipping three fingers up there and wiggling them around, moving my ass from side to side made me feel like I imagined a woman must sort of feel, when her virginity is being declared. Jimmy saw I enjoyed it, he whispered that now was the time, that if I'd just turn and plant my ass upon him he could easily guide it into me no problem.

And I was doing it automatically almost surprising myself, he had captured my imagination and changed my desires, me feeling I was hungry for that for the feel of this cock which I still tasted in my mouth, the taste lurking like the scent of him was all a real turn on and as I turned and lowered myself over his lap, wriggling to avoid the side bars of the chair, but leaving myself open enough that he could get into me, I felt his hand stretch my buttocks wide and then the feel of his hard cock beginning to press against my opening, moving around and around, Jimmy telling me to work myself with it, his cock entering then, the feel of his heat stretching inside, it was all so wondrous, like something I had never realised before him and me helping to work his cock further inside me, then I felt a surge, like Jimmy was ermined to give it all to me, and I felt the pain of his first fuck of me, pushing and drawing away in a thrusting motion, I took the pain which soon was pleasure as I moved with him to produce the most wonderful ass fuck.

There was no stopping him, like he had been waiting do long for this moment, now he had me, deep and complete, when the final surge came I came with him, his hands full of my cream, his I guessed was inside me.

Yet it seemed right, that Jimmy was the partner I had been looking for be it unwittingly, in the next few weeks I was to enjoy much more of him, it was always fun to be with him and share his fantasies, I looked forward to it lasting forever...