 Following my story; "Doing it with Jimmy" I just feel I want to tell you more about the simply wonderful partnership which has developed with us.

On the one hand, with my marriage failing because of sexual problems, my having realized since meeting Jimmy that I was well and truly gay through and through, but maybe with occasional heterosexual tendencies, but certainly not with my ex wife, because for me being with Jimmy is the complete together experience.

And with patience and understanding always we have created an absolutely gratifying togetherness which I wouldn't' swap for the word, not even if you put the world's most sexual woman in front of me, my deep attraction for Jimmy would overrule all such temptations.

It's jolly hard to explain but, in fact, he being disabled and mostly confined to a wheelchair makes it all the more sensual and meaningful, for I feel I have given Jimmy something that others may think impossible given his circumstances, like they are shallow enough to think people like Jimmy do not have sexual wants or desires, which is entirely untrue and I can vouch for that!

But it is not just a case of me giving Jimmy something because it is sharing all, and what makes it even more thrilling is the method we have to adopt in order to express and share our sexual desires which, sometimes ,can prove to be hilarious like the time I got wedged between the hinge - well it was the hinge that operates the foot placement platform on Jimmy's chair, having just enjoyed a perfect fuck in the sitting position over Jimmy , and on getting up to go to the bathroom pretty darned quickly, because Jimmy had made quite a mess of me down under, I caught my foot between the platform and went bowling over, but managing to free my foot I lay there on the carpet with Jimmy laughing his head off!

"Nice trip, Pete?" he chuckled then, seeing his drooping well gratified cock hanging between his legs, seeing it sort of bounce when he laughed, (along with his tummy) got me going and we both ended up roaring with laughter.

That's how it was with Jimmy. We shared the humour and everything which ticked all the boxes for us.

But that cock did not droop for long. He saw to that once having returned from the bathroom, suitably cleaned up.

"Show me, Pete - give it a twist so I can pass it as satisfactory."

"What sort of excuse is that?" I said, "not as though you need one!"

Having replaced my briefs I did the twist, like Jimmy liked me too, I would do anything for Jimmy. So long as I knew it was pleasing him.

"Come nearer, Pete" he asked, "let me have a sniff, you look good in blue, are they new?"

"Yep, bought a set last week, Kevin Kline, you like, Jimmy?"

"I like the way you fill them, Pete and what's inside. I closed to him knowing his preferences, moving my hips and gently rubbed myself against his face, feeling it growing again.

I felt his hand come up and bunch me. It was so nice, I moved gently for him to get a good feel of me, opening my thighs slightly and then he was sniffing me.

"I adore the smell of Brute, it somehow compliments you,. Pete. You have a lovely form and I adore to touch you, just turn and bend over so I can see your ass."

"Like this?" I returned, doing as he asked and already feeling the teasing of his fingertips between my ass. It made me shudder the way he touched and felt me there, there was something magical about his touch, something extraordinarily erotic and complete, I moved my ass around in small circles to get the benefit in different ways and it was so nice.

"Perfect!" Jimmy replied, "I love to explore you in your briefs, makes me want to fuck you so hard -bend over a bit more, come across the arm of my chair Babe and let me enjoy you."

I adored the way he called me Babe.

Obeying I Said he was a glutton for punishment and he returned saying: "now that's an idea, hand me that ruler on my desk."

Now what had I let myself in for, No matter it was always an adventure with Jimmy.

I knew what he was about, it was something we had both started just a week ago, who would have thought I'd enjoy being spanked across the ass by a guy, it bloody stung at first. Jimmy likes to make a meal of it, said it was really tempting in my tight jeans or my briefs.

"They are nice and tight and really do your shape a real credit." he complimented.

So there I was bent fully over the arm of his chair, being all ass for him, and not complaining I might add - because being tanned would you believe has become another thrill to share with Jimmy.

He gave me five slaps with the ruler on each side then pausing he eased my tight briefs down to my knees and I felt him nudging and squeezing me behind, then stroking my curves gently - still stinging from his hefty swipes but his massaging made it sweet. I felt a wonderful numbness as he whispered it was so gorgeous to see it fired up like that, that is felt so warm and inviting.

"Over a bit more, Babe" he said and I knew what he would do. First his tongue licking me and then his mouth enjoying each cheek as he moved his fingers beautifully over my firm hanging balls, now that was a treat worth the spanking, and as his spanking became more adventurous I grew to enjoy it after the initial pain because I knew what was coming after, and Jimmy had that certain touch of me he knew I simply loved. And the rimming too was heavenly, he said I tasted so good and never got tired of sucking my hole, like he wanted to eat me.

It was simply so good to be with Jimmy, the feel of his touch driving me crazy as my rectal muscles began to well up for his fill of me. I would suck him deep throat again before though, I loved to get the taste of the cock that was going to have me again

That's how it was, I ached for him, wanted to be all ass for him whatever it took, the different positions because of his disability all adding to the thrill of achievement, and then after having f9oúnd a way, feeling his lovely warm and ample cock slide up inside me, like it was nourishing my hunger being filled with his pulsating and substantial cock. 

True my wrists and arms ached and I don't know what in having to attain a position for him to fuck me, sometimes very awkward, me spread eagled over him back wise and sometimes front wise, but feeling his quality fuck inside of me made it all worthwhile from the initial touch as his cock found its place, the feeling of it's surge, stretching me like I was going to burst - and when we both reached that simply heavenly climax it made up for all the awkwardness, in fact it became part and parcel of our togetherness and , helping him out of his chair and onto his bed we were able to enjoy mutual oral sex which was always so good.

Of course there were various contraptions you could buy to make intercourse more comfortable and we looked at them on the website.

Jimmy particularly like the idea if ''the swing' set up because that way he could take charge, swaying the seat to and from with the press of a button at different speeds too, talk about the swings and roundabouts, they had everything conceivable to make it a real gratifying experience for the disabled who could not enjoy it any other way.

"bit expensive though, Pete - what do you think?"

"Yes, let's give it a try" I said. "Think of it as just a one of payment for something that is going to give us both so much pleasure Huh?"

It was to be just another step in our ongoing relationship, and by adjusting the movement of the swing the fuck was quality stuff and once practiced, and we did plenty of that, we got it off just right, and Jimmy was getting it off like a mad animal poking it inside me like a goodun', out it would go and in again, provided I kept in position and he didn't miss it was fine, but then the laughs again when he missed, me waiting for the surge and entry of his hard cock..

But this way we discovered new and exiting horizons, my hands free I was able to use my them again to guide him into me, to grapple and play with him there, the feel of his balls as g he fucked me was a special treat, to hear the utter pleasure he enjoyed of me in his moans, it was really so wonderful and gorgeous. Now I could really let myself go - and it was a case who would cum first and in what stage of the swing as he came forward, us both wanking like there was no tomorrow, then the huge spurt like a volcano running down his chest, then I'd grab the swing, bring him to a halt as I finished his wank off, I was ready to take his cream and all, I was so besotted by him, the feel and taste of his offering inside my mouth was an experienced I would never ever forget.

I just grew to love Jimmy so much I wanted to be everything for him.