 Chapter Five

I went to Toby's several times, with no hope that Jason would be there, but just to be in a place where we had been together. Mostly, though, I hung around the barracks and took on extra duty so I could be around to monitor the phone. I was counting the days, and too many had passed. Then one night got a call from an orderly at the hospital.

"Corporal Jason Seaborn asked me to call you."

"He's there?" I asked, barely able to work up the air to get the words out.

"Yeah."

"Tell him I'll be there as soon as I can," I said. My voice got weaker with each word as the air went out of me. I got dressed, grabbed a pass and headed for the hospital. I was half-numb, with no clear thoughts in my head. I think I was afraid to think of what might have happened. I rushed down the hallway but slowed as I approached his room; as he had down when he came to see me.

"We gotta stop meeting like this," I joked as I went in. I couldn't tell how bad he was hurt but he had both hands bandaged. The sheet was pulled down to his waist revealing his massive chest and ripped abs and nothing looked damaged there. He moved his leg and I saw a cast under the sheet.

He laughed and squirmed in the bed.

"How'd you get a two-bed room?" I asked.

"They're a bit crowded so they're having to use the rooms usually reserved for officers," he said.

"You got a room-mate?"

"Nope, not yet."

"So, what happened?" I asked, finally.

He laughed, shaking his head. "Would you believe, the goddamed Humvy turned over and tumbled down a ravine. I got a busted leg and some burns out of it. Nothing serious."

"How busted?" I asked. I didn't know whether to believe his story.

"I didn't see any bone. It'll be okay in a couple of weeks."

"A couple?"

"A few weeks…..I don't know," he said.

"Are your hands the only thing that got burned?"

He smiled. "Everything else is in great shape and working fine," he assured me.

I couldn't help laughing when I noticed the huge lump under the sheet.

"Well, I can see you didn't get it blown off," I joked. "Looks like you've got a problem there. Or are you just glad to see me?" 

"You know it. Fuck, it's worse than the injuries. If I don't get it taken care of it feels like it's gonna explode."

"I thought they give you something for that when you're in the hospital," I said.

"Did they give you anything?"

"No, but I was only in a few days," I said.

"That's all I'm going to be in," he said. "The only thing they give me is a hard thump with the nurse's thumb. Dam, it hurts."

"That's sadistic. Does it work?"

"Not for long," he said.

"I'll be right back," I said. 

"Where're you going?"

"To get you something for that problem," I said. I went out in the hall and grabbed the first orderly who came by.

"My buddy's got a problem," I told him, nodding toward Jason's room.

"Oh, the big guy," he said. 

"Yeah, he needs some relief." 

"Relief from what?"

"You know."

"Well, we don't have a pill for it. What would you suggest?" he asked.

"I'm not suggesting anything. I just happen to know he's a very horny guy and he going nuts."

"Yeah, I noticed we do have a problem keeping him down," he said, laughing. He shook his head. "I never seen anything like it. Hell, I can barely get it stuffed into the urinal for him to take a piss and that's when he's soft. He's got the biggest damned cock I ever seen, and I've seen a lot of them. Once he had a big boner and had to piss and it wouldn't go in the urinal. I had to get him a bucket." 

"Anything you can do?" I asked.

"What do you want me to do, go jack him off? He's your buddy, you jack him off."

"I didn't mean that. But if you can't do anything about it I'm going to," I said.

"Meaning what? There are a lot of women who I know would gladly give him some relief but they're all officers."

"I'm going to bring him a hooker," I said.

"We're not running a whorehouse here," the orderly said.

"I'm not asking you to do anything except tell me a time frame when he won't be bothered by any of the staff."

The orderly looked at his chart. "Last medication is around 0800 hours. They'll probably wake him up around midnight to give him a sleeping pill."

"Thanks."

"Look, if it goes wrong, I didn't have anything to do with it," he said.

"Right, I'll take full responsibility," I assured him.

I went to The Dragonfly which fronted as a bar for the whorehouse in back. The madam approached me at the bar before I'd taken my first sip of beer.

"How're you doing tonight?" she greeted me.

"Good."

"Looking for some company?"

"Could be," I said. 

She looked around the bar at her girls circulating through the place.

"How about that pretty one over there by the door?" she asked nodding to the door leading back to the rest rooms.

"Red dress?"

"Yes."

"Okay, but I need to take her with me," I said. 

"Oh, I don't let my girls go out of the bar," she said.

"It's for a buddy, he's in the hospital. She would have to go to the hospital and pose as his girlfriend."

"In hospital, how is he able to do anything?" she asked.

"Trust me, that part wasn't damaged," I assured her.

She went over to talk to the girl. I saw the girl shaking her head. Madame said something to another girl standing close by then came back.

"She not want to go. But the other girl will go."

"Okay, if they'll change dresses," I said.

"What?"

"I want her to wear the red dress that the other one's got on," I said.

She went back and after some discussion they got it settled among themselves. The two girls went back to the rest room and changed dresses. I paid the madam and the girl, Ling, and I headed for the hospital. We made an attempt at conversation but I wasn't much into conversing with prostitutes, especially one that I was hiring to take my place. I mean, what do you say to a whore……hey, what's the biggest cock you ever took?

I winked at the orderly as we walked by the desk. His eyes bugged out when he saw the girl in the sleek red dress. Jason was lying with his eyes closed but he wasn't asleep and he opened his eyes when he heard us come in.

"Hey, man," he said. He blinked when he saws the girl. 

"This is Ling. She came to visit you," I said.

"Ling. Hello," he said, his eyes raking up and down her shapely body encased in the sleek red dress. She was a knockout. I didn't know how old she was. Vietnamese came in two ages; old and young. A thirty-year-old man could look seventeen, a forty year old woman could look eighty. Ling looked like a teenager but I couldn't tell how old she was. Right then it didn't matter.

"I don't know how much time we've got," I told Jason.

His confused scowl turned into a wide grin as he realized why I'd brought Ling to see him. 

"Man, did you clear this with somebody?" he asked, with an edge of excitement in his voice.

"No really," I said. I handed him a condom, foolishly, because both of his hands were bandaged.

"I can't put that on," he said.

"She will," I said.

"Or you could," he said with a leering grin.

I handed the condom to Ling then walked over to the door. 

"Sorry about this, but I have to guard the door," I said. I turned to face the door with my toe against it. 

"Oh, My!" Ling exclaimed, and I knew she'd gotten a look at Jason's cock. "Ohhh, Myyyyyy!" and I knew he must be getting hard.

"OOohhhhhhhh," Jason moaned, and I could only imagine what she was doing to him. "Ohh, you have such soft delicate hands." She was putting the condom on.

Looking at a door is boring as shit, especially when you know what's going on behind you. I stole a glance over my shoulder to see Ling taking off her clothes. The dress, to be more exact. I watched her. She stepped out of the dress and she was naked! She wasn't wearing anything under the dress! Godd she was stunning; her body was flawless. I turned back to the door.

"Will I hurt you if I get up on the bed?" she asked.

"Not so I would notice," he said.

I heard the bed creak softly as she climbed up on the bed. I could picture her straddling him, lowering her smooth, olive-tone butt to his cock, taking his huge cock up her pussy."

"Ohhhhh, Yeahhhhh," Jason groaned. He was no doubt in her, part way at least. "OOohhhh, Yesss, Baby!" Maybe all the way in her now.

"Oh My Godd, you are so big!" Ling exclaimed.

"Yeah, but you like it," Jason said.

"Oh, yess, I like. I never had one so big, though," she said.

I didn't know if he was all the way in her but the bed began to creak softly, announcing that she was fucking him. He confirmed it.

"Ohh, yeahhhhh, honey, do it! Ride that big cock. Ohh, fuck man."

I was breaking out in a sweat.

"Ohhh, Ling, Baby, you are awesome!" Jason moaned. "Ohh, shit, yeah, ride it…..ride it all the way……downnnnnnnn!"

He needed to tone it down but I didn't say anything; I liked hearing him.

"Hey you don't have to stand with your nose in the door," Jason told me. "You can watch if you want to. Ling doesn't care if you watch, do you?"

"I don't care if you don't."

I took them up on it. I turned around and put my back to the door to hold it shut. Ling was seated all the way on his cock, twisting her butt around in circles. It was hard to imagine that her tiny body had his huge cock up inside her. Jason had a big goofy smile on his face.

"Awhh, I don't believe you did this for me," he said.

"What are buddies for?" I said.

It was the most exciting thing I'd ever seen. The tiny girl sitting on top of his 

massively muscled body, riding her flawlessly smooth butt up and down on Jason's

huge cock. I could see her pussy when she raised up, stretched unmercifully around his girth. He groaned in agony with every stroking inch. I was amazed how her body accepted his tall, thick manhood. It was like she was fucking an arm, or a baseball bat. Her beauty matched his, or his matched hers; they were a perfect couple and I had the weirdest thought that they would be ideal to make sex-marriage videos.

He had invited me to watch; I had to get closer. I shoved a big chair against the door. It wouldn't block it but it would give me enough time to stop anyone from coming in. I moved over to the bed where I could get a better view from the front. Ling's pussy was smooth as a baby's butt, the pouting lips distended around the thick hunk of meat. I was close enough that Jason reached out and squeezed my arm.

"Man, I don't know how I'm every going to repay you for this. I'm gonna owe you big time," he said.

"I'll think of something," I said.

"Ohhh…Ohhh…Ohhh….ease up, honey, I don't want to come yet," he told her, gritting his teeth.

I wished I had a camera to capture the absolute beauty of the two engaged in such a sensual act. They were absolute male and female perfection. After a few minutes he suddenly let out another gasp but choked on it. He gritted his teeth but I couldn't tell if he was trying to hold off again or if he was working it up or losing his load. His body lurched, his hips jolted his loins hard against her and the bed shook and banged against the wall. He was coming. She rode it out till he settled still then she continued to ride up and down his cock for a couple more minutes. 

"You want me to stop?" she asked as she settled onto his thighs.

"Not unless you want to. I could do this all night," Jason said.

"You still hard," she said.

"Very hard."

"We do again," she said and began riding up and down his cock again. He fucker her again, or she fucked him, for a long time. I was getting uneasy, though; I thought we might be pressing our luck. I went back to the door but stood with my back to it so I could watch. Ling was indeed getting as much out of it as Jason was, fucking his big cock for him. She bounced up and down on it, her head flung back on her shoulders as she fingered her clit at the same time. 

"I wish I could do that for you, Baby," Jason told her.

"You doing plenty," she told him.

Shit, just listening to them talk was turning me on. I went back over to the bed and in a sudden urge of lust I put my hand down at her pussy and replaced her finger with my own. She squealed with delight as I rubbed and flicked her clit with my fingertip. 

"Suck her tits, too," Jason urged.

I leaned in and clamped my mouth over her nearest tit. She whinnied softly as I flicked her nipple and applied suction to her firm breast. She was small but firm and I was able to cover most of her tit with my mouth.

"Oh, yeah, fuck, this is hot, all three of us," Jason said.

After awhile Jason shot off again but remained up to the task of finishing her off when she begged him not to stop. Between the three of us, she had a volcanic orgasm. She really had a big O and I was excited that I was a part of it with Jason. Her body glistened with sweat and she wavered unsteadily. I thought if she hadn't been impaled on his cock she might have toppled off the bed. I helped her down off the bed and steadied her while she put the dress back on. She kissed me on the cheek then stepped over and kissed Jason.

"I'm going to see her out," I told him.

I walked her outside where I gave her another twenty.

"Thanks."

"Thank him. I should not charge," she said, laughing.

I went back to Jason's room. He lay with his chest still heaving, his abs rippling with each breath. He could barely talk.

"Fuck….I….needed…..that. Thanks," he managed.

"Don't mention it," I said. His cock lay stretched up across his stomach, still encased in the come-filled condom. 

"You gotta take care of that for me," he said, nodding to his cock.

I put the chair back in front of the door. I didn't want anyone walking in to see me touching his cock. I carefully pulled and milked the condom off his rubbery shaft, trying not to spill any of his come. I got it off and his cock lay wet and sticky across his hip. Then I did the most foolish thing. I leaned down and sucked his cock all the way down my throat and sucked him dry and cleaned the come off. 

"Ohh, Geezuss, you're going to get me started again," he groaned.

I held the condom up. It hung heavy. It was over a quarter full. "I know you come a lot but this is ridiculous."

"It's two loads," he said. "And it's been quite a while."

"It's enough come for a whole dam squad." I swung it around. "I've got the most awful urge to drape this over your face and leave."

"No, please, don't do that," he begged, laughing.

I laughed and tied off the end of the condom. 

"Come on man, don't…..you wouldn't do that to a buddy."

"What if I turn it up and empty it all over your face," I said.

"No! Shit, no, don't do that!"

I put it carefully in my pocket.

"What are you going to do with it?" he asked.

"I'll think of something. Maybe have it for a midnight snack."

"Fuck, I don't know if that's hot or sick," he said, laughing. "Thanks again, buddy, I really needed that. It was terrific. Even more so that you joined in."

"This was an emergency measure, just don't get to liking it too much," I said.

"You've got nothing to worry about there," he assured me.

"I gotta go," I said. 

"Yeah, thanks again."

I patted his thigh and left and walked down the hall to the nurse's station.

"Get everything taken care of?" the orderly asked.

"For tonight," I said. "But he's going to be in that same condition by morning. You'll have to take care of it."

"What do you want me to do about it?"

"I don't know, jack him off, give him a blow job or something," I said jokingly.

I walked along the street holding the condom in my pocket, wondering what do to with it. I couldn't take a come-filled condom back to the barracks but I hated to get rid of it. I didn't want to let the stuff go to waste. I turned down a dim alley to be alone and took the condom out. I squeezed it a few times, tingling at the sheer power of him that I was holding in my hand. I looked around as I untied the knot then brought the condom up to my face and turned it upside down over my mouth. The come literally flooded in one hard gush into my mouth. I leaned back against the wall as I stripped the condom with two fingers and swirled the still warm semen around in my mouth. Then I swallowed. I had to take several gulps to get it all down. I still didn't want to throw the condom away. I held it, marveling at the size of it. It was an extra-large size to begin with and he had stretched it all out of shape. I left the alley carrying the taste of him with me, still with the condom in my pocket. About a block from the main gate I stopped in the shadows and carefully hung the condom over a tiny tree limb. I thought it needed to be on display.

I visited Jason every night he was in the hospital but I didn't bring him any more prostitutes. There was a cute orderly on duty one night and I kidded him about taking care of Jason.

"Are you taking good care of my man?" I asked.

"Aww, he's taking care of me all right," Jason put in. "Just look at those big, full lips. Nicest pair of lips I ever had slid down my cock."

The kid's face turned a soft pink and I wondered if maybe Jason hadn't hit a nerve. He took it in stride. He scanned the clipboard in his hand and said, "That's not written anywhere in your orders." Then he looked at me. "He's your man, I guess you're going to have to take care of him.

"Will you guard the door?" I asked.

He didn't know if I was serious or joking and that's the way I intended it. 

"Can I watch?" he asked, trying to pin me down to being serious or kidding around.

We both let it go. It was too touchy a subject to even approach.

The day Jason was released from the hospital for duty I made arrangements to slip away so we could meet at the hotel. We skipped Toby's altogether. I knew he would be ready for me and I was dam ready for him. He fucked me like crazy the whole damned night. I managed to work in a couple of suck sessions but he was so hot for my ass. He never understood the pleasure I got from sucking his cock, or how I developed such a taste for his come; he only knew that I loved it. Twice that night he pulled out and shot it in my mouth.

We were leaving the next morning to part ways and return to our units. A vender was selling newspaper, sounding almost hysterical. I bought one to see what was going on. Hell, maybe the war was over. I must've gone pale when I saw the headline.

"Shit, look at this! Dhin has been assassinated!" I handed the paper to Jason.

Jason took the paper to read the story. He looked pale. We didn't know what impact it would have but of course it was big. 

"Geezuss!" he swore softly and dropped the paper like it was hot.

"What?" I asked. 

"Qui Nhon," he said in a whisper. "I was at Qui Nhon."

I looked at him confused. He leaned against the side of the building for support.

"Jason, what's the matter?"

"I took him out," he said quietly, staring blankly at me. 

"What?"

"I shot the fuckin' president of Viet Nam."

Now I was numb. News that a politician had been blown away wasn't particularly devastating to me, or even news for more than a day or two, but this was the president of the country, and Jason had done it!

"What're you talking about? You said you were going to Qui Nhon to take care of some mischief makers."

"And they just happened to have another assignment for me….another target…. something that just came up, they said, and since I was there……They set me up. They used me as their assassin."

"You didn't know?"

"No. They told me he was very big…..a VC general…..and I shouldn't miss."

"How do you know it was Dhin?"

"They had my position already picked out, down to the precise spot. A sniper always picks his own location. His entourage came down this narrow road and stopped in a small clearing and this so-called guy general got out of his vehicle……"
