 I'm not your typical bottom. Let's get that clear right now. Yes, I like sucking a nice dick and getting my hole fill. I only do it on my own terms. I'm going to get what I want, how I want it. You better obey or suffer the consequences. Some call me a bossy bottom, but I'm more than that. Much more than that. I'm an alpha male, a dominate bottom. I'm an apex predator, and my pray? Unsuspecting tops.

I'm five foot, eight or so. I have short jet black cropped hair. My skin is a natural golden brown from a mix of the sun and my Latin heritage. My body is muscled and ton from my daily gym visit and proper eating. My skin is lightly hairy on the verge of being smooth. My face is clean shaven, aside from the cultivated scruff on weekends. I got an average dick, six and a half cut, and just thick enough to fill a mouth. I keep my cock and low hanging balls smooth as well as my pride and joy. 

My pride and joy? That would be my muscled fat ass. It's hot huge. It's more than a handful and makes me buy a pants size larger just to get it cover. It's my bait for all those unsuspecting tops who think they're not going to play by my rules. Oh, I play the part till it's time. Then I snap the trap shut, and there's no turning back.

Tonight I'm staying in. I've got a trick coming over. I took my time vetting him. He's twenty, half my age. He's my height, maybe a little shorter, with cafe ole brown skin. He's smooth with a naturally fit body. He's got small Hersey kiss nipples I'm going to enjoy. He's got short black wavy hair, and more importantly an eight inch spear I'm going to impale myself on. He's got a small high and tight ass. Yes, I required an ass pic. Everyone can appreciate a good booty.

I watch him from my window walking up. His pictures don't do him justice. He's wearing baggy, sagging jeans, a white tee shirt and ball cap. I like his swag walk. He better enjoy that strut now. He won't be walking out with it. I'm instantly hard in my r rugby shorts. He rings the bell and I wait thirty seconds before opening the door and letting him in. I pounce as soon as the door shuts.

I press him up against the wall. My lips press to his. My tongue snakes into his mouth. I hold his head to mine with one hand, the other takes a firm hold of his tight juicy peach half. He relentes to my power, running his hands down my broad back to the small of my back. I growl with sexual dominance into his mouth. I release him, taking his shirt and pulling it over his head exposing his taunt chest. 

I launch myself at his right nipple. He arches back from my tongue lashing. I take firm holds of each cheek, squeezing and kneading them. I'm sure the shock of my aggressiveness bewilders him. I did warn him. I move to the left nipple with equal enthusiasm. I can feel his hard cock press against me. I push his already sagging pants down his thighs. He kicks his shoes off, knowing soon he'd be naked. I move back to his mouth, my left hand moving to stroke his elongated snake. 

I press him hard against the wall. My hands move to his waist. He's trying to take my shirt off, but I refuse to raise my arms. I push his arms away and grab the front of his tight boxer briefs and lead him to my broom. I guide him to the bedside and thrust my tongue into his mouth again. He melts into the kiss, thinking he's going to take charge. He moves to get my shirt off again. 

"No." I growl, pushing him down onto the bed with a bounce. He's in shock, about to voice his anger, but I'm on him, covering his body with mine, filling his mouth with my tongue. I take his arms and pin them above his head. He struggles against me and I pull back. "I told you. My body. My place. My rules. Relax and enjoy or get out." He stops struggling. 

"Fuck." I heard him say while I kiss and suck on his neck. I keep his hands pin. I move to his nipples again and his body arches again when I flick my tongue over his tight and tasty skin. "Get naked man, let me feel you." I ignore his request. I continue down his long hard body, kissing his stomach, circling my tongue across his skin along the way. I slip off him, off the bed onto the floor, letting his hands go. I rub my face in his crotch, feeling the hardness, inhaling his sweet natural scent. 

His hand runs through my hair. I allow him that one trespass. I run my hands down his legs then stand, flipping him over onto his stomach in one quick move. I pull the top of his boxer briefs down over his ass. He gets up on his knees, thinking I'm pulling them further, but I leave them at the crest of his ass cleavage. Each hand takes a firm smooth globe and spreads his cheeks. He's about to protest but my tongue is in his ass, lapping at the tight button.

I pull his tiny cheeks apart, exposing that tight pucker. I can smell the fresh scent of soap mix with his booty sweat. He obeys well. I dug into the tiny feast before me, my tongue swirling and darting across the tight seal. Each lick and lash of my tongue, breaks down his wall, relaxing him, allowing me to get in a tiny bit further. I can tell by his moans and exasperations of pleasure that no one had ever taken the time to truly admire his ass.

I felt him clawing the bed, and I pull back and take a quick nip of his left cheek before kissing and smacking his other cheek. He jumps at the sudden smack then pushes back against me. I move back between his cheeks, my fingers digging into his flesh. I gave his other cheek a quick smack and he opens up for a moment. 

I take advantage and push my tongue deep inside. "Holy fuck." I hear him gasp. He begins to squirm. My tongue wiggles deep inside. Our mix juices dribble down my chin. I toy with his hole, methodically examining his tight button. I pull back with a wet smack. I flip him onto his back, yanking the stretch off boxer briefs in one quick motion.

I look at his throbbing thick length, fighting the urge to suckle his leaking pipe. I cover his body with mine. Our cocks rub against each other, separated only by the cloth of my shorts. I mash my mouth against his, allowing him to taste himself. "Get naked, baby." He urges softly between kisses while I rut against him. 

I sit up, my legs straddling his firm belly, my voluptuous ass resting on his cock. I made a show of pulling off my shirt, revealing my muscled sculpt frame. He tentatively runs his hands up my torso, feeling the careful hard work I put into my body. I take his left hand in mine, bringing it to my mouth. I swallow his index finger, giving him a taste, no, a tease of what I am about to do. "Oh, baby." I felt him grind against my ass below me. 

I know he wants me on his cock as much as I want on it, but I cannot waiver in my rules. I can't have these tops thinking they were in control after all. I take his finger from my mouth. I slide the spit soak digit down my chest to the waist band of my shorts. I feel his finger hook into the band, trying to tug them down. "Are you going to be a good boy?" I ask slowly gyrating my hips.

"Yes." He answers breathlessly. I smile wickedly, moving down his legs. I was on my knees, between his legs. His cock mere inches from my mouth. I take the achingly hard cock in my hand. I bring it to my lips. I swirl my tongue around the tip, gathering the pearl of precum that has form there. "Mmmmhhhh." I run my tongue down his cock then back up. I can hear him beg for more. He wasn't getting it. Yet. 

I take one of his balls into my mouth then the other. I can feel the fullness of them. He's pleas for more fell on deaf ears. I roll his balls in my mouth. I slip my hands into my shorts and push them down over my ass. I was ready for him but I want to taste more of him. I rose up on my knees, allowing my shorts to fall further down. I trail my tongue up his shaft, allowing my tongue to wrap around him as I rose up on my knees. 

I tease the head. "Please." He begs. I smile then take him down like a python, slowly sliding him in my mouth and down my throat. "Fuck!" He exclaims when I bottom out. I rest there, nestled in his curly black pubes, for a moment before slowly rising up and back down. I repeat this over and over. Ten minutes into it I hear the tone in his voice I want. "Dude." He was almost weeping with desire. "Please."

I stand up, revealing my own smooth jutting cock for him to admire. I step out of my shorts. He shoots up, his hands wraps around my waist and he begin slobbering over my body, kissing and licking the fine delicate muscles and ridges. I break from his grasp and lay on the b, my head resting on the pillow. "Come here." I command. He scurries up my body. "Show me how much you want me."

He didn't ne to be told twice. Our tongues intertwine as he shows his appreciation for me and my body. He is slow yet urgent in his kissing. I can feel the burn of lust in him as he moves to my pec and flicks his tongue with expert care over it. "Show me how much you appreciate me allowing you to fuck me." I moan.

He caresses my nipple with his tongue. He knew his role well as he maneuvers slowly down my body. He pauses at my cock. I take it in my hand and guide his mouth to it. These tops that didn't suck dick learn real quickly. His lips part, taking that first tentatively lick then taking me into his hot warm mouth. 

Once in his mouth, I allow him to go at his own pace. He bobs up and down on my cock, his tongue exploring the underside of my cock. It always amazes me how these men who didn't suck cock were so good at it. "Good boy." I coo stroking his face. "You might earn the right to some ass yet." He pauses, looking up at me with questioning eyes and my dick still lodged in his mouth.

"You knew the rules before you came over." With that I place my hand on the back of his head and skull fuck him. He gags and sputter, my cock disappearing between his lips, into the back of his throat. I can see his eyes water with my sudden attack, but he gave no resistance. I let go and he pull off with a wet cough. I smile with satisfaction. It was such a turn on having a top obey.

I flip over and shove my ass into his face. "Eat your desert, boy." When he takes a moment too long, I reach back and pull him into my cheeks. He struggles in my grip, but I held him firm. "You got to lick it before you stick it." I muse, rubbing my ass up and down his face. He began priming my hole, his obviously experience tongue spear and lap my hole

His first couple of licks were tentative, but then he realizes I had a surprise for him. The passion fruit edible oil his tongue encounter obviously pleas his taste buds, evident by the fervor at which he dove in. "Fuck yeah, baby. Get me good and hot for your cock." I felt his hands on my ass cheeks, trying to pull the basketballs apart. He attack my welcoming hole with the delicate ease of a man who knew how to treat an ass right. 

I allow him to continue his wondrous worship of my ass, occasionally working my hips to rub my ass across his face. He'd leave here with my taste on his lips and my scent on his face. He'd be smelling and tasting me for days. I would be allowing him back if just for the tongue work. "Get that tongue out my ass, I want to feel your cock in me now." 

I push his head back and moves off the bed. I bent down and kiss his ass juice coat lips. "Get up there, I'm going to ride you like you've never been rode." He didn't ne to be told twice. I grab the lube and condom form he night stand and deftly latex him. I can feel it pulsing with ne under my fingers. I quickly prep myself then slid my hand up and down his shaft, applying a liberal coat.

"Come on, baby." He begs. "Let me feel that pussy."

I scowl at him. I straddles his stomach, his cock resting in the cleavage of my ass. I lean down and look him right in the eye. "Call it a pussy again and you'll be out the door." I snap. "Understand?" He nods his affirmation. "Good. You wouldn't want me calling your cock an enlarged clitoris would you?"

I didn't give him a chance to answer as I slowly guide him into me. He felt so good filling my insides. I ran my hands over his chest when my ass rest on his hips. I twirl my hips, getting every last inch of him in me. "That ass is amazing." He eyes roll back in his head as I manipulate my muscles to grip and release him. "Let me fuck it, please."

I lean down and kiss him. "Maybe next time." I said as our lips part. "Let me show you what I can do." I flex my ass then slowly rose up and down his cock. I allow myself to adjust to his length and girth. Once I was comfortable I went full throttle. I bounce up and down, fucking him into the mattress. His head bounce up against my padded head board.

I long dick myself on him, using him as the fuck toy he was to me. His hands went to my hips, feeling my tight waist. He realizes I wouldn't go by his guidance and his hand moves over my chest, lingering over each muscle as he explores. His eyes were in a haze of lust and desire. The hard slap of flesh on flesh echo in the room. He'd be bruised tomorrow.

He moves his hand to my cock and fist it. I rode. He strokes. Sweat built up on both our foreheads and I knew the intense orgasm that was building up in my balls was also building in his. I can feel his cock begin to swell with urgent ne. I quicken my humps, giving him short quick thrusts into me. "I'm going to blow baby." He cri before his head kick back and his hips arch into me. I paus as my own cock explodes all over him, hitting him in the chin.

We pant as out respective orgasms overcame us. I was breathing heavy, still in the zone. I scoop up the dribble from his chin and brought it to his lips. Without hesitations he sucks it off my finger. I'd have him back, I decide. I slowly rose from him, his spent cock plopping onto his stomach. I carefully remove the spent condom from him and deposit it in the waste can by my b. 

"That was amazing." He pants breathlessly. "I've never cum so hard."

I smile, knowing he'd be sniffing around my tail for at least three weeks. "Wait till I give you liberties." I ran a finger in the cum splatters on his chest. "I told you, follow my rules and you'd be reward. I may even give you a round two."

His eye widen at the thought. I lean in and kiss him. "Come here and coat us in my cum." I pull him on top of me, giving him some semblance of dominance back. Tops were a moody bunch. You can't just take all the power from them during sex and not give some back. "Next time you come over, I'm going to sit on your face for an hour." I pull him into a kiss.

We continue our make out session as my cum cements us together. His kisses were gentle, passionate. He strokes my face lovingly. I cup his buttocks. I reluctantly broke the kiss, rolling us over so I was on top. "Let's get you clean up." I gave him a quick peck before pulling him off the b with me. He instantly presses his chest to my back, his hands take hold of my hips and his half hard cock rest between my cheeks. 

"You feel so good." He whips his tongue across the back of my neck. Shivers went down my spine as I lean back into him. "Maybe one of these times you'll let me take the lead." His body feels nice press against mine like this. "Letting me explore your body. Having you under me, letting me go slow deep into you."

I shudder at the thought almost imagining it before I shaking it free. I pull him along with me into the bathroom. Freeing myself from him. I turn the water on in shower. His hand is back on my hips, his excited cock rubbing between my cheeks. I like the way his cock thinks. I straighten, drag him into the shower with me. I press him against the cold tile wall, kissing him.

I ran my hands over his wet body, the warm water pounding us. I grab the soap and push myself away. He moves to take me back in his arms, but I stop him with soap laden hand. I ran my hands over his body, soaping him up. I take special care of his pride and joy. He groans as I slowly stoke him. I left him breathless, turning him around and soaping up his back.

He arches his back, his hands press against the tile. I spread those cheeks and take a quick lick before sliding a suds slick finger into his hole. "Hey!" He gasps. "I don't get fuck!" I ignore him, finding that spot in him. His legs shake as I toy with his internal button. "What the fuck, don't stop." His breaths were short and labor. 

I rise up and press my lips next to his ear. "Stroke it for me baby." He moves a shaky hand down to his cock and obeys. "Don't worry, I don't top." My voice was low and husky. "I just want you to know the type of pleasure you're going to be giving me." He lets out a low murmur as my hand run across his chest. I like the feel of his long lean muscles. "Milk that cock for me baby Splatter my bathroom wall."

It doesn't take long before he is doing just that, warm milky fluids joins the trailing soap suds down my wall. His sphincter tightens around my finger. I slowly draw it out. I see his legs going weak. I pull him back into my arms, his back to my chest this time. "Feel good baby?" I ask smugly, nibbling on his ear. 

He can't speak. I turn the water off and pull him out with me. He regains the use of his legs and I towel him dry before drying myself. "Fuck man, where did you learn to do all that?" I just smile and kiss him, cupping his chin. I pull him by his cock back to the room and lay him down on the bed. "Another round?" He asks hopefully. 

I lay down beside him, my head on his chest. "Maybe." I run a finger slowly down his chest to his spent cock. "Are you sure you can handle another?" He pulls me close as I toy with his cock. I kiss his chest. "How are you about being tied up?" I look up as his smug face, his plump swollen lips breaking into a smile.