 This is a work of fiction, I do not condone ANY of the activities portrayed in this story, nor do I recommend them to anyone. This story shares many similarities with my previous story "Steam Room Daddy" there are strong elements on non-consent in this story, so if that makes you uncomfortable this probably isn't the story for you. That being said, this story is simply fantasy, so try not to take it too seriously! 

PART 1

Eric was a bit shy, always had been. It wasn't for lack of wanting social interaction, he simply became awkward and quiet in many social situations. Particularly when he tried talking to girls, Eric loved girls, but they had never seemed to love him back. He couldn't help but think his physical appearance had something to do with his bad luck. Eric was a bit short, he had grown late in life and not shot up very far, standing at 5 foot 7 at 18 years of age. On top of this he was very slim, only 130 lbs. His actual looks were far less disappointing, he had an adorably cute face, which looked even younger than his 18 years, and a thick mop of wavy red hair. Unfortunately he had found that he didn't fit the type that most girls he was interested in were looking for, they all seemed to gravitate to the tall, muscular jocks.

And so High School ended, and Eric survived with his virginity firmly intact, not even landing so much as a kiss. In many respects he was as unspoiled as one could be at his age. Frustratingly enough for him the only attention he ever did seem to get was from men, and quite often older men at that. Not just slightly older men either, men older than his father more often than not. Eric had always ignored them and maintained his customary awkward silence.

Eric's parents had always worked hard, but never seemed to have enough money to make ends meet, Eric had always done his best to work and contribute where he could. He naturally spent a lot of time in front of the computer having no social life to speak of, and had actually become very skilled with computers. After graduating high school the small company where he worked had promoted him to head of the IT department, due to his talents.

After a long day of working on computers, sorting out everyone's problems, and realizing 90% of the employees on the company register have looked at pornography on their work computers, Eric would often return home, and log on to his own computer and waste the evening away. Playing video games, chatting with other tech geeks in online forums, whatever he could do to fill the time. He didn't have to be shy online, he knew that world, and felt much more confident there.

Still even in the online world Eric did not really have any friends, there wasn't anyone he regularly talked to. At best there were a few users he had had some back and forth with in the tech forums, but no sustained conversations, and nothing of a personal nature.

Eric was becoming restless. He was 18, graduated and with a decent paying job straight out of high school. He wanted to feel some of the freedom he had now earned, to begin to enjoy life more, and meet other people. He would naturally look to the online world for his new beginning.

Eric quickly navigated to an online dating service and created a profile, filling out his interests as best he could, and trying hard to be open and not too shy in his profile. He even took a pic of himself with his webcam and put it up on his profile. He went to sleep and for the first time in years felt excited by the prospect of meeting someone new, and perhaps finding that very special someone for himself.

As he woke the next morning, Eric was immediately reminded of his online profile, and quickly got up and rushed to his computer, logging on. He was disappointed to find that he had not even received a single view from any other members. He reassured himself that his profile had not even been active for 24 hours, and that he needed to be patient.

Eric had been kept busy all day at work, he had little time to think about his online dating profile, but it was the first thing on his mind when he got home. Logging on again he was yet again disappointed to find that no one had viewed his profile. For a moment he began to despair, but again he reassured himself that he simply needed to be more patient.

Three more days passed and still not one view on his profile, Eric was beginning to become downright depressed, he was starting to feel worthless and unwanted by anyone. Suddenly a thought struck him, he was being shy again, his old habits had resurfaced in his online persona. He needed to initiate, to search out the profiles of some interesting ladies and send them a flirt. Taking his time to carefully read some profiles of some ladies whom he found attractive, Eric sent out flirts to three of them. He went to sleep with a renewed sense of optimism.

Eric has not received any word from his chosen three the next morning, but that would finally change when he returned home from work. One of the three had written him a response to his flirt. She was kind enough, but the message ultimately resulted in rejection. She commented on how so very cute Eric was, and how he looked a lot like her little brother, and she really wasn't into dating someone who looked like her little brother. As he was reading the response, a second of his three ladies had gotten back to him as well. Eric clicked into her message only to be greeted with more disappointment. This young lady had been far less kind, implying that Eric was not actually 18, and was some creepy little 15 year old who looked like a girl, she went on to suggest that Eric should go about providing oral sex to random men in a public park while collecting large amounts of their ejaculate for a purpose which she did not clearly define. Needless to say this was yet another rejection.

Eric waited four more days and began to realize that flirt target number 3 had no intention of even responding to his flirt. Completely demoralized Eric deleted his profile from the site, and fought the urge to began sobbing into his pillow. Even beyond his desire for a date, Eric felt a deep need for any interaction with another person at this point. He logged on to a general chat site, he wrote out a general call for a conversation.

Eric: 18 year-old guy here, lots of interests, especially computers and video games, anyone wanna chat?

No response.

Eric: 18 year-old guy just looking to chat with someone, anyone out there?

A response...

StiffGuy69: Hey man, got a cam? Wanna see my cock?

Eric: No thank you.

StiffGuy69: You sure, I got 8 inches here, how big are you hot stuff?

Eric: No thank you.

StiffGuy69: You're missing out bro, about ready to blow a big load here!

Eric: *StiffGuy69 has been ignored*

Eric: Any normal people out there wanna chat with an 18 year old guy?

Another response...

Rick4335: Hey, I'm Rick, nice to meet you.

Eric: Hi Rick, I'm Eric, nice to meet you too.

Rick 4335: So what are you into Eric?

Eric: I guess I'm pretty into computers, tech stuff, that sort of thing. You?

Rick4335: Sucking on 18 year old cock. Ever been with an older man before honey?

Eric: Oh for fuck sake! Are you serious?!

Rick4335: Totally serious here sexy boi! I will suck it for you all you want! Just want to taste your boi load in my mouth!!

Eric: *Rick4335 has been ignored*

Eric: One more time, 18 year old guy here looking to have a conversation with a normal human being!!

Two responses...

Cock4Cox: I can be a totally normal human being while you fuck my face with your 18 year old cock!

Eric: *Cock4Cox has been ignored*

Patrick: That seems like a pretty tall order on the internet, lol.

Eric: I'm beginning to understand that, holy crap!

Patrick: This place can be quite interesting most of the time, and occasionally someone normal pops up with a message like yours. I bet some people were just sending you crazy stuff to fuck with you.

Eric: I'm not sure, but either way the ignore button has already gotten its fair share of use, lol.

Patrick: Well as you may have guessed, I'm Patrick, and I'm assuming your name is Eric. It's nice to meet you Eric.

Eric: Nice to meet you too Patrick. Please don't be offended, but are you an old man who wants to drain my load? That's just what everyone else has seemed to be.

Patrick: LOL! Well I am older, I'm 62, and I am gay, but no, I am not on the hunt to drain your load from you Eric, I just also felt the urge for some normal conversation with an intelligent young man.

Eric: Well I appreciate your honesty, and I will be up front too and tell you I am not gay. Is this a gay chat room or something?

Patrick: Not officially, but unofficially yes, it's a common place for older gay men to cruise online for younger guys like yourself.

Eric: And is that what you're doing here?

Patrick: I will admit that I have been here with such intentions before, but I had nothing but noble and honest intentions when I started talking to you. I thought the idea of a normal conversation seemed refreshing. Just getting to know another person and perhaps make a friend.

Eric: That's kinda what I'm hoping for, I don't really have many friends.

Patrick: Well could you ever be friends with an older gay man?

Eric: Of course, as long as he was okay with the fact that I wasn't gay.

Patrick: I think I could work under those terms. Lol.

Eric and Patrick shared a casual conversation for another hour or so, before exchanging email addresses and agreeing to keep in touch. Eric was happy at the thought of having made a new friend. He genuinely didn't mind Patrick being much older and gay, as long as he was able to have a simple friendship with him without things getting creepy.

The next day after work Eric sent an email to Patrick and they agreed to meet in the online chat room again. Eric found it refreshing to have a simple conversation with someone who hadn't propositioned him in some way, just a nice casual conversation between new friends. After a while Patrick did have a request.

Patrick: Do you have a webcam? Not asking to be a pervert or anything, would just be nice to put a face to the name of my new friend.

Eric was hesitant, but ultimately decided he would turn on his webcam for Patrick to see since he had not creeped him out. Unfortunately there was no way to make the cam private and after starting up he received several messages, mostly from older men, proclaiming how hot he was and many going into vulgar detail with what they would like to do to him. Again the ignore button was getting a good workout.

Patrick: Wow! Really not trying to hit on you, but you are a very good looking young man, bet some of the guys in here are going crazy for you!!

Indeed they were, on some level it did make Eric feel a bit better about himself, at least some people appreciated him from a purely physical perspective, now if only they were hot young women and not old gay men.

Patrick: Would you like to see me?

Eric: Sure, as long as I'm not gonna get an eyeful of your cock, lol.

Patrick: Lol, no worries, I'll keep it G rated.

Patrick had activated his cam and Eric clicked on it. He was greeted by a man who looked much like he had expected. Patrick was balding and missing much of the hair on the top of his head. What hair he did have on the side was mostly grey with a touch of dark colour still here and there. He wore glasses over his brown eyes, and appeared to be somewhat heavyset. He confirmed to Eric that he was 6 feet tall and 240 lbs.

Patrick: Hope my appearance hasn't put you off of being my friend, lol.

Eric: Not at all, I really don't care what you look like, just looking for a friend is all.

The two chatted some more online, Patrick expressed some issues he had been having with his computer and Eric told him he could probably help sort it out for him if he wanted, Patrick said he would be very grateful for the help. They exchanged phone numbers agreeing to meet in person in the near future. They were both enjoying the chat so much that neither of them realized the evening had passed them by, and hastily said good night to one another. Eric was happy to have a new friend, even if he was not the typical friend one might expect.

A couple more days had passed and Eric and Patrick had enjoyed several friendly chats with each other. However, Patrick expressed concern that the problems with his computer seemed to be getting worse, and he was worried about losing important information. Eric still felt a bit nervous about actually meeting with someone who was in many ways still a stranger in person. In order to ease his concerns Patrick proposed that they meet at a coffee shop that happened to be close to both of their places. After a few moments of indecision Eric decided if he was going to make a real friend he would have to meet him for real sooner or later, and agreed to meet Patrick the following evening after work.

Unable to settle his nerves Eric decided he would arrive early and wait for Patrick there. He had also decided that if things got weird he wouldn't hesitate to bail. Eric had arrived a half hour before they were scheduled to meet and found a table near the back which seemed to be relatively private, still feeling embarrassed that somehow people would know he was out with an older gay man, or that people might think he was gay too. He calmed his nerves reminding himself that he didn't really give a fuck what any of these people thought of him.

After finishing his first coffee and ordering another he checked his phone to see that the agreed upon meeting time was nearly there. Just as he was checking a text arrived from Patrick.

Patrick: Hey, just arrived, are you here, or have you gotten too nervous on me? Lol.

Eric: I'm here, just in the back corner, you'll see me.

Eric looked up to see Patrick round the corner and smile as he recognized Eric.

"Not to sound like a creep or anything, but you're even cuter in person." Patrick complimented.

"Thanks..." Eric replied nervously.

The conversation was a bit awkward at first, but Patrick was quick to steer the topic to some of their online chats and find comfort for both of them in the familiarity. Before long the two were laughing and enjoying themselves.

"So do you think you might be comfortable enough to come to my place and see if you can sort out my computer woes?" Patrick asked earnestly.

"Yeah, you seem harmless enough, let's go take a look." Eric agreed.

It was a short 5 minute walk to Patrick's house, and along the way Patrick tried, rather unsuccessfully, to explain the nature of his computer problem to Eric. It soon became obvious that Eric would have to see it himself to sort it out. When they arrived Eric was impressed by the house, it was rather large and impeccably maintained.

"You live here alone?" Eric asked.

"Yup, lots of space for just me I know."

"It's very nice." Eric complimented.

Patrick thanked him and invited him inside, he offered Eric to have a seat and a drink, both of which he graciously accepted. Patrick returned with a soda for Eric and offered to show him to the computer. Eric looked around the spacious well decorated home as they moved between rooms. Patrick led him into a large room where his computer sat. The room was filled with cameras and various sex toys, as well as restraints and other BDSM paraphernalia.

"Sorry about the room, hope it doesn't put you off, just a place I like to have some fun." Patrick laughed somewhat nervously.

"Uhhh, no worries, I'll just pretend I didn't see anything." Eric returned the nervous laugh.

"Well is there anything you saw that piqued your interest? Anything you'd like to know about?" Patrick asked.

"Uh no, not really..."

"Sorry, I'm really not trying to creep you out." Patrick told him.

"It's okay, so I guess this is the computer?"

"Sure is, please work your magic." Patrick said offering him a seat.

Eric quickly got to work and in no time identified the virus which was affecting his computer, it was a bit of a doozy, and it had infected his system quite deeply, but Eric knew he could remove it entirely within a few minutes. Sure enough five minutes later the virus was removed, and his computer returned to it's normal status. However, the computer immediately returned to the folder which Patrick was last using, which happened to be filled with many X-rated gay pictures and videos. Before he could even look away Eric noticed that in nearly all of the pictures Patrick was front and centre, naked, and quite often fucking the mouths and asses of young men about Eric's age, all of whom were restrained by the very devices in the room which he now sat. Eric could also not help but notice that Patrick's cock was enormous, at least nine inches long, maybe ten, and as thick around as his wrist, it was impressive by anyone's standards. Despite the eyeful he had just received Eric turned away as quickly as he could.

"Uh, there you go, good as new." Eric told him nervously, unable to make eye contact.

"Awww, thanks, I really appreciate that. Sorry about the content, didn't think that would pop up like that." Patrick replied.

"Yeah, I must say I wasn't expecting to see that!" Eric laughed trying to break the tension.

"What did you see exactly?" Patrick asked with an eyebrow raised.

"Uh... Well, I saw you... And you were, uhhh..." Eric stuttered.

"Having a good time?" Patrick asked.

"I guess so, you'd know better than me." Eric laughed nervously again.

"What did you think?" Patrick asked.

"Umm, I don't know..."

"Find it interesting?" Patrick asked.

"I guess you could say that." Eric was feeling extremely uncomfortable.

"What was interesting? Seeing those young guys taking my big cock?" Patrick smiled.

"I uh, think I should go now."

"But we're just getting to know one another." Patrick insisted.

Eric rose to leave and as he did he felt extremely light-headed, he lost his balance and Patrick caught him. He looked up to see Patrick grinning at him like the Cheshire Cat as his eyes spun and he lost consciousness.

Eric began to wake some 20 minutes later and felt groggy, trying to figure out where he was. It suddenly began to come back to him, and his heart immediately began to pound. His wrists felt funny and when he tried to move his arms he found they were restrained. As his eyes adjusted he realized he was lying flat on his back with his arms restrained to the box horse he was lying on top of, and all of his clothes had been removed. Another strap secured him across his waist, and his ankles were also restrained rendering him completely helpless. Eric's mind quickly returned to the photographs of young men he had seen on Patrick's computer in a similar position to the one he now found himself in, and he began to panic.

Looking around the room Patrick was nowhere to be seen. Eric considered yelling for help, but also didn't want to attract any unwanted attention, and as he inspected the room he figured it was likely sound-proof which probably shouldn't have been surprising given what it was used for. Instead Eric chose to focus on escape. He felt some room to move in his wrists and began to try to twist them free from the restraints. As he moved his wrists a small string attached to them was pulled and rang a small bell. No terror in his life had ever been as intense as the feeling Eric felt hearing that tiny bell ring, the moment froze and seemed to go on forever, which was just as well because the possibilities of what was to come next began to swim through his mind and brought a whole new level of terror.

The footsteps coming into the room pounded in Eric's ears like thunder, each step getting louder and closer, making his heart jump into his throat. He looked up to see Patrick grinning at him. He felt frozen with fear, unable to speak or move as Patrick closed the distance and stood over top of him looking down. Patrick placed his hand across Eric's chest and let out a low groan never breaking eye contact with his captive. Finally Eric calmed himself enough to speak.
