 Last year I took a trip with my girlfriend Jenny to Brazil. Yeah I know...when you go to Brazil you shouldn't go with your girlfriend, what's the point? Rio is full of hot, sexy beach girls who'll fuck your brains out. But we were hot for each other and figured we'd go there, hang out, stay on the beach, and basically fuck 24/7, or "expand our erotic life." My girlfriend's freaky and experimental so I figured we might even go for a threesome. These things were true...I just didn't see how our "erotic life" would "expand" or exactly what kind of a threesome we were in for! But I don't want to get ahead of myself.

First of all, about us. We're a typical uhmm..."hot" college couple. Last year we were both 20 when this happened. She's a smoking 5'7 with a firm, feminine body, beautiful skin, awesome ass, and a nice size C that looks great on her. With dirty-blond hair, blue eyes, and a navel ring, she completes the picture of "hot college babe" and I considered myself lucky to have her, the envy of every guy we met. Not that I'm bad myself! I stand about 5'10, messy blond hair, a cute boyish face (at least that's what she/other girls tell me) and a nice, tight body that I got from running, working out, and most important, being on the diving team at my school. I usually have a tan too, which doesn't hurt with the girls.

Anyway we decided to go to Rio over winter break. I won't bore you with the details. We had a great time on the beach, walking around, going out to nightclubs, trying the local food, checking out all the hot Brazilian girls tanning without a top at the beach, going to the beach some more, you get the idea. After a few days we were both working on our tans and she looked fucking hot! I had to protect her from a number of advances... not just locals but also annoying tourists, drunks, whatever. Wasn't too hard I'm a pretty tough guy, been in plenty of fights. And, oh yes, we spent the whole night fucking each others' brains out, often well into the morning and sometimes afternoon. A great time!

One day though I decided to leave her at the beach on Ipanema, with a French girl we had met and become friends with. I like my gf, but frankly, I always need some time for myself, and I wanted to check things out on my own for a while. I walked around the beach for a while, had a beer with two Australian guys and checked out all the hot-ass girls walking by, went into a videogame arcade, and then I walked into a juice stand across from the apartment we had rented. I didn't want to stay in a hotel because I wanted more privacy and it was nicer anyway. I ordered some delicious unknown-fruit medley and absentmindedly watched a soccer game on TV until a few minutes later I looked back toward the stand. I was left sort of speechless...

A few feet in front of me a guy was having some kind of juice. Now I'm not gay or anything and had never done anything with another guy, but something about him left me stunned. He was around my height but packed a lot more muscle. He wasn't exactly a bodybuilder, but he was seriously built, had a deep tan and a very handsome face; he didn't look hispanic I guess, more white, but he had a very deep tan and was wearing just surfing shorts.

What amazed me was the perfection of his body...it didn't look grotesque or over-defined like on some older guys who've been working out for years or took steroids. You could see almost every muscle, but there was nothing unnatural or artificial about it; his six-pack was more like an eight-pack and I was in a trance by how perfect it was, I mean it wasn't like a hint or outline of muscle, it really seemed to be cut out of marble. He was also watching the screen, not really noticing me.

A few minutes later I looked back up to his face. He had noticed I was checking out his body I think...I must have turned a few shades of red. This in turn made me even more embarrassed, so I looked away. I looked back up maybe half a minute later. He was watching the screen again. I couldn't take my eyes off his defined, bronzed, glistening muscles. I couldn't believe it, but I was getting hard! It was not like watching a girl and getting hard though. I felt weak in his presence. What the fuck was happening? Then I looked back up to his handsome face again. He was watching me. Although I became flustered again I didn't look away. He didn't have much of a reaction one way or another to me looking at him it seems. I couldn't read him. He wasn't angry, surprised, uncomfortable or anything. He just stared back at me for a few seconds, he seemed relaxed and confident. Then he watched TV again while he was finishing his juice.

We continued doing this back and forth for a few more minutes I guess. Then he finished his juice and walked away. I saw the muscles in his back play under his silky, tan skin and then it glistened when the sun hit it. He was waiting for the stoplight. I quickly paid off and walked outside, trying my best to hide my hard-on. I knew I was doing something weird but I couldn't stop myself, and don't think I would have wanted to at this point. I wasn't sure what I was going to do anyway! I walked up next to him. He glanced at me, nodded as if to say "hi" and quickly looked me up and down. I was impressed by how confident and relaxed he was, but I guess he had no reason not to be; it's just that I'm sure he saw I was nervous and so on. He just ignored me though and started to cross the street. I followed!

As we were walking side by side, he spoke to me in accented English. He said, "Hi." I looked back at him and said hi.

"What is your name?" he asked. He spoke pretty good English.

"Tom," I said.

Anyway he didn't say anything but we had just reached the other side of the street. He put his hand out nonchalantly,

"Hi Tom, I'm Carlos."

I took his hand but he just gave it one shake, not even, and released, not rudely, but as if he was leading things. We just stood looking at each other for a few seconds; he didn't have an aggressive look on his face or anything, but his relaxed confidence and iciness, mixed with a somewhat friendly air, were unnerving, I felt myself getting hard again. His eyes seem to look right through mine. "Where are you staying?" he asked. I gulped.

"Over here," I signaled with a nod at the building a couple down behind him.

"Cool," he said, as if he was accepting a dinner invitation, signaled with his head and turned around.

What the fuck was going on! Yet I was still hard...and looking at his magnificent muscled back, his cut triceps, perfect calves, and even just his demeanor settled things and almost without thinking I was following behind him. We went in past the doorman and soon we were in the elevator. He didn't say anything while we were going up just watched the door while I couldn't take my eyes off his body. The next few seconds were a flurry but soon I was unlocking the door to my apartment. Carlos immediately grabbed my forearm and dragged me inside. I let myself be led by him to the center of the living room. He took my forearm and placed it so that my palm rested on his incredible abs.

The contact was electric I felt weak in the knees. His tan skin was smooth and soft and it covered muscle that just seemed to vibrate with vitality. My hand was just frozen there. I looked in his face and lost it. He was very handsome with short brown hair and brown eyes, a perfect face...and again he just seemed to have an aura about him that was totally dominant. He wasn't trying or anything...just his natural confidence was overwhelming. "This is what you were looking at?" he asked, a wry smile on his face.

"Yeah," I said, and licked my lips. He smirked. 

"So?" he asked. "What else do you want?" I didn't say anything I just looked at his body, his chiseled pecks and rock-hard shoulders. He noticed but didn't say anything. I extended my other hand and felt his shoulder and the power there.

"Can I?" I asked. He just slightly did an "up" nod as if to say "go ahead." I did just that. I ran my hands on his chest, several times on the magnificent ridges of his abs, on his shoulders and I felt his biceps. He was just looking at me smiling wryly or smirking at times. He curled his right bicep. I was in a total trance. He didn't object as Ieaned forward. My face was close to his powerful bicep now, I felt the heat coming from it. Tentatively I reached out with my tongue and licked it. I felt his smell...a mixture of soap, sweat, and a hint of the sea and the beach from where he had clearly just come and my dick got a lot harder. He just stood there while I licked and then French kissed his bicep. My face was red-hot and my heart was pounding in my head, but I was too far gone to think about what I was doing!

Pretty soon though he grabbed be by the back of my neck and made me face him again. He seemed to dominate and penetrate me with his eyes. With his other arm he grabbed my forearm again and led my hand to his cock. I gasped. It was already half hard and bulging in his surfing trunks. I was amazed by how thick it was. It seemed also to be very hot to the touch, even through the fabric. He released my arm but I kept massaging his growing cock.

"You like that?"

"Yeah..." I answered breathlessly.

"Good," he said.

He released the back of my neck and just made a slight motion with his face but the intention was clear. Without another word I dropped to my knees in front of this other guy I'd just met. My head was spinning but I couldn't stop.

Carlos put one hand on my head and slowly started unstringing his shorts with the other. He kicked off his flipflops. I was still massaging his growing bulge. But in a few seconds he was done pulling the strings and his shorts fell to his feet. His huge cock snapped upwards and hit me on the face and then rested on my forehead. I was left breathless at the sight before me. He looked like a god. His cock must have been at least eight or nine inches and thick, with huge full balls, and his smell was intoxicating. His hips and thighs were muscular and defined, he had a defined V running around his lower abdomen...it was a picture of virility and power. Carlos kicked his shorts away and with his now free hand he grabbed the base of his cock. He knocked it a couple of times on my forehead and then rubbed it on my face and lips. I was breathing pretty hard...I couldn't believe what was going on, but I couldn't stop it. Soon he started knocking his cock back and forth on my cheeks slapping them pretty hard...whack...whack..whackk...while he looked into my eyes.

"Good girl," he said and patted my head.

My cock stirred in my shorts. I reached down to rub myself but he kicked my hand away. "Open up," he said. I did. He bent over. I thought he was going to kiss me but he stopped a few inches above and spat several times into my mouth! I couldn't believe it. He then raised up again over me and I watched his amazing abs extend and his massive pecs, the ridges of his collar bone, and his handsome face and eyes still penetrating mine.

"Swallow like a good girl," he said smirking.

I made a face and closed my mouth...was I going to do it? Soon I saw his free hand clench into a fist. In a mixture of fright and lust I swallowed immediately and looked up into his eyes. 

"Cool," he said, approvingly, and his hand unclenched.

Somehow this experience made me even more in awe of him, and hotter. I felt both relieved and proud. Then it happened. He grabbed the base of his cock and aimed it at my lips.

"Suck my dick."

I was in a daze as the head of his thick cock moved past my lips and into my rapidly expanding mouth. I let my tongue dance on the head of his magnificent cock and was rewarded with a moan of appreciation. He took his cock back out of my mouth and whacked my cheeks around with it some more. I looked past his muscular, lean, tan body into his handsome face. He had a look of calm determination and lust. Looking straight into my eyes he stuck his cock back into my mouth.

Carlos didn't waste any time now. A few short thrusts on my tongue, and then he quickly reached my throat. I already instinctively covered my teeth with my lips. I let my tongue cover the thick underside of his cock...I was in heaven, slurping and sucking greedily on this stud's huge cock! With a grunt he started poking my throat with it several times and I gagged. He continued though...back and forth, slow, then faster...I choked on his cock... making noises ugh ugh ugh ugh, I felt soo fucking slutty like I'd seen girls to in porn movies. I couldn't help myself. I put my hands on his hips and felt his incredible power as he speared my throat again and again. I felt just about ready to come without touching myself! Carlos himself seemed to speed up.

Then he suddenly slowed down. Slowly he started withdrawing his cock from my mouth. I felt its thickness and heat as he drew back until finally he withdrew completely and the head was bobbing aggressively in front of my eyes. He kept it there for a few seconds until I totally lost it. With my hands resting on his perfect abs I started showering his amazing cockhead with a flurry of kisses and licks. He just chuckled and plunged back into my mouth, but slow. He speared my throat in one thrust, then withdrew again completely from my mouth. Then back again. Carlos kept this up at his leisure withdrawing his cock with pop then plunging back in again. I was mesmerized by this sight of his cock exiting my mouth and then going back in. My hands moved down to his thighs to feel the muscles there and I felt my own cock swell even more! With the last thrust though he plunged deep into my throat cutting off all air, and he kept it pushed in there until I was getting pretty uncomfortable unable to breathe!

Without missing a beat Carlos withdrew only slightly before again cutting off my air while I tried, unsuccessfully to push him off against his stone-hard hips and abs. But feeling his dominance, power and determination was too much and with a weak moan I started coming without touching myself. Just while this was happening Carlos withdrew his cock from my mouth, grabbed the back of my head with his other hand, and shot several huge volleys...the first one went way over my head, the next two whacked my forehead pretty hard, then again and again all over my face and neck...he did this while I was coming down from my high and it was amazing...it seemed like he was just shooting a massive amount of come.

Finally I felt his body relax slightly from the climax. Though I was totally covered in his cum I opened my eyes slightly and saw his awesome, tan muscular body, now covered in a light sheen of sweat and glistening...and of course his massive cock still hovering dominantly over my face. 

"Open," he grunted, and I did.

He beat his cock several times on my tongue and some more come splattered out now into my mouth and on my lips. Carlos had me carefully clean his cock while he wiped off come from my face with two fingers and was feeding it to me. After a short while he just pulled out. He grabbed a shirt I had left on a chair, wiped his cock clean, then pushed it into my face. I fell backwards on my ass, and heard him chuckle. As I was cleaning off my face with the shirt and even gladly licking some of his come off my fingers I saw that he had already put his shorts on and was stepping back into his flip flops. Without so much as a second thought he headed for the door saying,

"Thanks... pussy."

I watched Carlos' glistening, muscled back step out, his come still on my face and chest, in my mouth, and feeling totally spent...and wondered if I'd run into him again...