 I'd like to say it only happened because of the alcohol but the truth is that I have always been a freak. I had never done or even thought about anything like that before and that is where the alcohol came in.

My wife Kelly and I were at a well known adult only all inclusive resort in Jamaica to celebrate our 40th birthdays. It was our first night there and after far too many drinks at a number of different resort bars we met Dave and Sandy. They were about ten years younger than us and celebrating their five year anniversary. She was a cute curvy redhead with thick thighs, full hip a small waist and great tits. He was athletic and muscular with broad shoulders and a boyish face. 

We started with a toast to their anniversary and followed with a toast to our birthdays. Several drinks later we stumbled out of the bar and headed toward our rooms. The walk was blurry and the next thing I remember we were all sitting in Dave and Sandy's room talking.

Dave and Sandy started to kiss. My pretty wife leaned in and pressed her lips to mine. I closed my eyes as our tongues entwined in a deep sensuous kiss. I heard rustling across from us and when I looked over at Dave and Sandy they were naked. They continued to kiss as though Kelly and I weren't there. 

Sandy moaned as Dave kissed the nape of her neck. He slid between her thighs and started sucking and kissing her spectacular natural 36d tits. Kelly and I watched as he continued to watch as Dave continued his journey down Sandy's sexy body.

I had never watched two people have sex before but it was one of the most exciting things I had ever seen. Dave knelt in front of the couch with Sandy's legs draped over his shoulders. He buried his face in her shaved pussy as she held his head in her hands.

"Fuck me baby," Sandy panted. Dave stood up and both Kelly and I gasped. His cock was huge. It was about 10 inches long with a thick bulbous purple head.

Sandy got onto her hands and knees next to the couch in front of us as he well endowed husband knelt behind her. He wrapped his hand around the long shaft and slowly stroked his cock as he rubbed the drooling head over his wife's swollen pussy lips.

My beautiful wife and I sat mesmerized and watched as Dave sank 10 inches of hard throbbing cock into Sandy's shaved pussy. He started thrusting his dick into her and Kelly and I began to lose control. My wife pealed my shirt over my head and unzipped my pants.

"This is so hot baby," Kelly panted as she fished my throbbing 6 inch dick from my pants. I kissed her deeply and then pulled her shirt and bra off as I watched Dave plow his giant fuck stick into his wife's wet cunt. 

Kelly bent over and started to lick and suck my dick as I watched Dave and Sandy fuck. I watched his dick slide in and out. It glistened with Sandy's juices and I wondered how her pussy would taste. 

Kelly took my cock down her throat and I wondered what Sandy's pussy would feel like. I pulled Kelly off my cock and kissed her deeply as we both stood up and shed our remaining clothes.

"Get on your hands and knees baby," I pleaded. "I want to fuck you doggy style."

Kelly got onto her hands and knees beside Sandy but Sandy directed my wife in front of her so they were face to face. I was oddly disappointed that I couldn't watch Dave's big cock sliding into his wife's pussy but that disappointment faded as Sandy kissed my wife softly on the lips. Kelly had never expressed an interest in girl/girl sex before and in fact she had always stated emphatically that it did nothing for her. I chalked it up to the heat of the moment as I knelt behind my pretty wife and sank my cock inside her.

Sandy and my wife continued to kiss as Dave and I fucked our respective partners. The entire scene was intensely erotic as I watched my wife kiss a woman for the first time. 

Sweat glistened from Dave's taught muscular body as he fucked his wife hard and fast from behind. 

"I'm gonna cum baby," Sandy panted as Dave fucked her even harder. The sound of slapping flesh filled the room.

"Cum for me," my wife whispered to Sandy. "I want to watch you cum on your husband's big dick." They kissed deeply as Sandy's body shook from her powerful climax.

Sandy collapsed on the floor as Dave pulled his giant dripping cock from her wet pussy. Sandy slowly got back onto her hands and knees as Dave moved in front of her. His big dick was inches from Kelly's face as Sandy grasped it in her small hand and started licking and sucking it. Sandy scooched closer to my wife and guided Dave's big monster to Kelly's lips.

I continued to thrust my dick into my wife as she opened her mouth wide and took Dave's big cock into it. Sandy rolled onto her back with her head between her husband's legs. She licked his smooth shaved balls as my wife sucked his drooling cock head into her mouth. Kelly wrapped her hand around the shaft and pumped Dave's cock as I thrust my dick into her from behind. 

The sight of my wife sucking another man's cock was too much and I felt myself slip past the point of no return.

"I'm gonna cum," I grunted as my cock started to spasm. I shot buckets of thick cum inside Kelly's pussy while she slurped Dave's dick. I rolled onto my back on the floor. I was exhausted and my chest heaved as I tried to catch my breath.

Sandy positioned my wife so her pussy was over my face and the she lay down in front of Kelly. My wife lowered her mouth to Sandy's pussy and started to lick as Dave straddled my chest and eased his giant cock into my wife's cum filled pussy from behind.  

I watched up close as her pussy lips parted and the thick bulbous head disappeared inside her. Kelly's pussy lips clung to his thick shaft as he sank ten full inches of hard cock inside her.

My wife moaned into Sandy's pussy as Dave fucked her with long slow strokes. Cum covered his dick as it slid in and out of Kelly's pussy and a strange thing happened as I watched my wife get fucked above me. I raised my head and licked Kelly's cum coated clit as Dave's big dick slid across my chin with each stroke.

Kelly went crazy as my tongue strummed her hard swollen clit. Dave's balls bounced off my chin as he fucked my wife. 

The taste of my cum was not unpleasant and I found myself searching for more as I licked Kelly's pussy while Dave fucked her harder and faster. My search brought me to Dave's slippery shaft. I pressed my tongue hard against the underside of his cum covered cock. I had never entertained a conscious homosexual thought but in the heat of the moment licking his cum covered cock was not only exciting, it seemed like the most natural thing to do. The contact of my tongue drove Dave wild and he thrust his cock into my wife with amazing force. I continued to lick her clit and his cock until Kelly cried out in ecstasy and came hard.

My sexy wife collapsed beside me as her climax subsided. Dave was still straddling my chest. He gripped his big dick in his right hand and pointed the head toward my mouth. I didn't hesitate at all. I opened my mouth wide and nodded my approval.

Dave's cock touched my lips and a surge of excitement shot through my body. I felt my own cock begin to harden as my tongue ran over the creases and contours of his throbbing rod.

Precum leaked from the head as I slurped on Dave's cock. It tasted different than my cum. It was sweeter and I wanted more. My head bobbed faster over the thick head of his cock as I wrapped my hand around the saliva and cum slickened shaft and pumped it fast.

Dave's breathing became labored and I knew he was close.

"I'm gonna cum," he grunted. "Where do you want it?"

"In my mouth," I answered quickly. I wanted to drink his essence. I wanted to feel him explode in my mouth. I wanted to taste his thick cum and I didn't have to wait long.

His cock started to spit in my mouth and I gulped down his thick creamy but it was too much too fast. It spilled from my mouth and ran down my chin as he pumped his throbbing dick down my throat.

Sandy straddled my now hard cock and guided it inside her warm wet pussy as I swallowed her husbands delicious cum. He climbed off my chest as my rejuvenated wife sat on my face with her cum filled pussy. I licked my cream from her as Sandy rode my cock.

Kelly leaned forward and pressed her lips to Sandy. They kissed deeply as the three of us worked ourselves into a lust filled frenzy. Sandy rode my cock hard and fast while I devoured Kelly's delicious pussy.

My wife cried out as she came hard on my face. Sandy climbed off my cock and turned around. She spit on the head of my cock as she lubed her tight asshole. Kelly guided my cock up Sandy's ass as the sexy redhead kissed her neck.

Dave's cock had already recovered and he climbed aboard his sexy wife and eased his big dick inside her wet warm pussy. He pumped his cock into her hard and fast. I could feel it stroking the underside of my cock through the thin membrane separating the two holes and it didn't take long for me to cum inside his wife's tight asshole.

Dave continued to pound his dick into his wife as my cock softened in her ass. Sandy seemed to cum over and over until she literally collapsed onto the floor. Kelly lay beside her and kissed her tenderly as she caressed the pretty redhead's soft sexy body.

Dave stood over me and lewdly stroked his giant cock. It glistened with his wife's juices as precum streamed from the head.

"Do you want more," he asked me. His voice was thick with lust and his tone was hard and demanding.

"Yes," I hissed.

"Yes what?" he retorted.

"Yes, please." I pleaded. Suddenly I knew exactly what he wanted. He wanted to make me his bitch and I was ready for it. "Please master may I suck your big hard cock."

"Beg for it slave," he demanded.

"Please master I need your cock in my mouth. I need to make you cum so I can swallow more of your delicious cum," I begged.

"Get on your knees bitch."

I quickly climbed to my knees and waited for him to guide his big hard meat to my lips. I parted them wide as he sank his big beautiful cock down my throat. My eyes watered as I fought my gag reflex. I could feel each crease and vein on my lips as his thick shaft slid over them. I sucked hard as he mercilessly fucked my mouth until I was rewarded with another huge load of thick warm cum. I swallowed his entire load as my wife crawled over to me and kissed me deeply.

"That was so hot baby," she said between kisses. "I never imagined that you were bi or that it would be so hot to watch you suck another guy's dick but holy shit that was incredible."

"It really was," I said sheepishly. I was embarrassed confused and incredibly excited.

"Do you want to do it again?" she asked.

"Yes."

"Good, because I do too. Did you like it when he called you his slave?" She asked.

"Yes," I hissed,

"You like being a slave don't you. Do you want to be a slave?" Kelly asked.

"Whose slave do you want to be piggy his or mine," my sexy wife asked sternly.

"Both," I answered honestly.

"Good, because for the rest of this vacation that is exactly what you will be."