 After giving my 1st blowjob, it was like my life opened up to endless possibilities. The problem was the whole small town thing. But I started checking guys' packages as much as women's asses and boobs. I still didn't want to make out with guys, like I did with girls, but I dwelled a lot on the idea of finding my next cock to suck. I'd wonder if a guy had a nice dick, what an uncut cock was like, if a guy was a big cummer... My problem was, I felt uncomfortable cruising the country road, for fear of being outted, I didn't know about Craigslist then (Man, what a discovery that was! More on that in a second) and I didn't know how to approach a guy with a cocksucking proposition. 

Since I played sports in school, I got in the habit of working out. I'm not a gym rat, but I stay in shape by swimming and riding the stationary bike, and some light weight work. I do this 2 to 3 times a week. The gym I belong to is a national chain, so when I'm out of town I can go to the gym to relieve the boredom. When I went to the gym, I found myself taking quick glances at guys' cocks in the showers and locker room. I'd wonder what it would be like to suck this or that guy's dick. Mind wandering. 

About a year after I'd given my blowjob, I had a training class in the bay area. I was going to be there for about 3 days, alone. Not really having anything else to do, I found an affiliated gym and decided to go for a swim. While I was there, I noticed an above average looking guy, about 30 (Around my age), also swimming. He was wearing a pair of Speedos and it looked like he was packing heavy! I kept wondering how big he was, if he was cut, if he had a girlfriend, what his dick tasted like. The stuff I'd started thinking about after giving my blowjob. When I thought he wasn't looking, I'd steal glances his way, and found myself becoming really horny. Man, I'd sure love to suck his dick! After he finished his swim, he got out and headed toward the locker room. I found myself following him. I hit the showers and there he was, about 3 trees over. For the first time I saw his dick. It was soft and about 4 inches long angling down to nice cut head. If he'd said I could, I'd have dropped to my knees and sucked him right then! Again, my mind was wandering. It was at that moment I saw that he'd noticed me looking. Roused out of my stupor, I fled to my locker and got dressed. I didn't see him after that, although I'd looked for him. Oh well, just a fantasy anyway.

It was dark when I walked out of the gym. I started toward my truck, when all of a sudden, he was standing next to me. His appearance scared the shit out of me! "Did you like what you saw?" he asked. I said I didn't know what he was talking about, but he called me on it. He said he saw me checking him out the whole time. I played coy and said I really wasn't paying attention. He said, ok it was cool, he thought maybe I wanted to hook up, then turned and started walking away. Before he took two steps I stopped him and asked if he was serious. He told me he loved getting head from guys. Said it was uncomplicated. My heart started racing and my mouth went dry. Was I really a shameless cocksucker? This guy wanted me to blow him, and I wanted to. I asked if he wanted to go to my hotel. He said he'd follow me there. When we got there we didn't say a word to each other as we walked to my room.

Once we got inside the room, he just started taking his clothes off until he was naked. He then climbed onto the bed, stacked all the pillows and laid back, propped up on them with his legs spread wide. The implication was obvious. I crawled up on the bed between his legs and stared at his cock. It was almost fully erect, over 6" long and laying back against his belly. His freshly showered body smelled intoxicating. I reached up and took hold of his cock. I slowly brought it to my mouth then started licking its length. Once I had it sufficiently wet, I opened my mouth and sucked it in. He let out a soft moan and told me it felt so good. Those were the 1st words we'd said since leaving the gym. I started a slow up and down motion and tried all of the things I'd found enjoyable when getting sucked. He kept telling me how good it felt, which turned me on to no end. I wasn't a virgin cocksucker. I was giving my 2nd blowjob! Anyway, I sucked him for about 10 minutes when he asked if I was going to swallow. I nodded while sucking and he said he was going to cum.

I increased the suction and he released into my mouth. He didn't cum as much as the first guy, but the taste and consistency were similar. I was able to swallow his load without missing a drop. I sucked him softly as he came down from his orgasm. When I took him from my mouth, he said I give great head. I told him it was only the 2nd time for me. I told him my circumstances and he told me about Craigslist. He said I'd be able to fulfill all my cocksucking desires just by logging on. I thanked him for the info. He said he had to get back home, his girlfriend would be coming over. It was then he told me she didn't give head. Thought it was dirty, that's why he let guys blow him. As he was leaving, I thanked him for hitting on me. I'd truly found the joy of cocksucking.