 The pain was gone. He couldn't believe it. It was such a relief not to feel that mind numbing awful agony any longer. Maybe the doctors were all wrong because something seemed to have made him feel better. Christian opened his eyes, smiling, excited to tell Sean that it was going to be a good day. He knew Sean would be sitting by his side. He hadn't left it in weeks. Not since they had brought him to the hospital the day when he had found out that the latest round of treatments weren't working.

Sean was sitting by his bed, like he always did, but he was crying. Bitter heaving sobs that confused Christian.

"Baby, it's fine. I feel good today." He said the words, but Sean didn't seem to hear. He tried to reach up and wipe away Sean's tears, but he couldn't move his arm. What was happening to him? 

"Sean?" He spoke again, but it seemed to fall on deaf ears. Sean had his head in his hands and he was leaned over Christian's pillow with his shoulders shaking violently. He looked like his entire world was crashing around him. Christian longed to comfort him, but he didn't know what was wrong. The tears were interrupted by Sean's hoarse whisper. 

"I'll never forget you, Chris. I'll never stop loving you. I don't know how I'm going to live without you."

I'll never forget you? Live without you? What the hell was going on? The room was getting fuzzy, almost blinding in its whiteness. He reached out to Sean again, this time able to move. Instead of soft skin, his hand felt nothing but air. The bright light in the room got stronger, pulling on him like he was attached with a rope. Oh god, was he...? 

"No!" He shouted, even though no one could hear. Sean needed him! They needed each other. He couldn't die. But he couldn't stop the pulling either. He was moving further and further away from the sterile little room where he had spent so much time, further from Sean. Then he was outside, drifting up like a forgotten balloon. The ground was moving quickly away. He could tell that this was supposed to be peaceful; a kind of goodbye, but all he felt was panic. He needed to get back. Now.

He needed to go back to Sean.

*******

Sean shuffled his grocery bags and trudged up the icy stairs to the apartment he and Christian had moved into senior year of college. Right before Christian got sick. It hurt to look at the walls that were covered with pictures they had put up together. It hurt even more to lie in their big soft bed all alone remembering Christian's gentle touch and warm skin. He hated being there, but for some reason couldn't stand to let it go. He guessed it was because the apartment was the last place he had seen Christian really alive. 

The freezing windy Monday was ten times worse than most days. Christian would have been twenty-five that day. It was the third birthday that Sean had celebrated alone. Christian died, after months in and out of the hospital, on a cold November morning three weeks before he would have turned twenty-three.

*****

Sean and Christian met in ninth grade, on the first day of school. He had just moved into town and he'd felt so awkward and geeky walking into the big crowded place where nobody knew him. His first class of the day had been honors English. The teacher was passing out books and he was slouching in his desk, doing his best not to get noticed. Then this gorgeous blonde god of a boy had plopped himself next to him and stuck out his hand. Sean looked around, sure that he had to mean someone else, but the boy had just smiled and grabbed his hand, shaking it. Sean had nearly fallen out of his seat from pure shock.

"I'm Christian. Nobody calls me Chris," He'd announced with a warm smile. Sean laughed...and called him Chris from that very first day. 

Turned out Christian was one of those unfairly lucky people who seemed to glide through life with this gold aura surrounding them. He had a million friends, was totally popular, and so incredibly nice and unaffected by his popularity. Sean couldn't believe someone like Christian would even give him the time of day. But he had. 

Starting that very first morning, when they realized they had most of their classes together, Christian barely even paid attention to anyone else. Sean had no idea why Christian kept talking to him, sitting next to him in class, scooting closer to him at lunch, when everybody else seemed to want a piece of him. It made no sense but he didn't want to question such an amazing gift. Years later Sean finally asked him about it and he said he'd taken one look at the adorable little new thing sitting in class, looking so shy and sweet, and had fallen hopelessly in love. It didn't even occur to him that Sean might not want him back. Of course he did. That was just how things worked for Christian. 

They kept their relationship quiet in high school but spent every free second together. Sean went to all of Christian's soccer games, Christian never missed a cello recital or an orchestra concert. Christian gave Sean his first real kiss; they lost their virginity to each other on a rainy afternoon the summer after senior year. 

When they got to college, it became official. The day they moved into their dorm room freshman year, Christian took Sean's hand and told him he wanted to spend the rest of his life loving him. Sean couldn't have agreed more. With tears springing up in his eyes, he told Christian he would never love anybody else. They laughed and hugged and kissed each other hard. As soon as they saved enough money, they bought each other matching rings and had their own little ceremony over a blueberry scented candle on the floor of their dorm room. Together, they had planned careers, houses they would buy. They figured they would adopt a few children when they were older and live happily ever after. Sean fell asleep every night cocooned in Christian's warm arms and woke up most days unable to believe how lucky he was. 

Senior year of college Sean and Christian moved into their first real grown up apartment, a few miles from campus in a nice little complex with a garden in the middle. They decorated with framed photographs and bright colored paintings, bought a big four-poster bed and the softest sheets imaginable, filled the place with pieces of them that made it a home. Things were great. More than great. Sean felt like his life was all set up. He had Christian, which was basically all he needed, his future was stretching out in front of him, and everything was perfect. He decided later that it must be the way of the world to never let anything so perfect last very long.

It started around Thanksgiving that year with a stomachache and a tiredness that Christian just couldn't seem to shake. He barely touched the beautiful thanksgiving dinner his mother made, which given his life long love affair with food was almost unheard of. He figured he had a cold or something because nothing looked good. The temperature had dropped pretty quickly that year, they all reasoned.

When they'd gotten back to campus, Christian seemed to be getting better for a while, but then the bruising started. He would wake up with strange purple marks on his legs and arms. Sean was getting really scared, but Christian insisted it was just a bad diet or lack of iron. When it got to the point that he had huge bruises all over his body, and he could barely make it up the apartment stairs, Sean finally insisted he go to the doctor. He could see the concern in the doctor's face when they discussed the symptoms. 

Round after round of tests proved the doctor's worst fears to be right. Leukemia. Advanced and aggressive. Sean was terrified. How could his big strong boyfriend have cancer? He seemed so invincible. The doctors were convinced that with his youth and relative strength he had a fighting chance of beating the disease. The day he died, Sean wanted to kill them all for letting him hope. It was so unfair. He'd managed to find the one person he wanted to love forever and he was gone.

****

Sean pulled his groceries from the bag lethargically. He didn't really care what he ate anymore. He'd gotten much thinner in the past two years, but couldn't really bring himself to worry about it. He realized that someday he'd have to go on with his life. He knew he couldn't just stay like this forever but everything seemed so pointless without Christian. Honestly, if he knew for sure that he believed in heaven and seeing people again on the other side, he would have ended it already. Been with Christian wherever it was that people who loved each other ended up forever. Some days he felt like ending it anyway. Oblivion would be better than this constant grief.

The last thing he pulled from the grocery bag was a box containing a single red velvet cupcake, big with fluffy cream cheese frosting. Christian's favorite. Every year since he had turned fifteen, Christian and Sean would share a cupcake exactly like this one, giggling and kissing the cream cheese frosting off each other's lips while Sean wished him a happy birthday. Every year Christian had said the same thing. 'Of course it's happy, baby. I'm with you.' 

Now, all alone in the apartment covered with their pictures, filled with things they had collected together, Sean lit the single candle on his cupcake. He couldn't help crying, even though he felt kind of stupid still being so sad after all this time.

"Happy birthday, Chris. I'll always love you," He whispered before he blew the candle out with a long sigh. 

Sometimes he felt a presence, like Christian must be watching. Today he felt nothing but a dark sadness that seemed to be consuming him little by little every single day that he had to get up and survive alone. He usually ate the cupcake, in memory rather than actual desire for food. This time he couldn't. The thought of swallowing made him want to throw up. He went to toss the cupcake in the trash, but couldn't bring himself to do that either. So he just left it sitting on the counter sad and alone, candle blown out and dead. Just like him.

****

"I can't stand it anymore, you have to let me help him!" Christian shouted. It wasn't a new argument. They'd had it many times before.

"I should have never agreed to let you watch him in the first place. You aren't supposed to guard over someone you knew on earth. The reason for that rule has become excruciatingly clear to me." The dry and somewhat sarcastic voice of the elder made Christian want to scream.

"I'm afraid for him. He's so skinny, and I haven't seen him smile in months. You told me he'd get better with time! Where's the improvement?" Christian thought of the day before. He'd watched Sean blow out the candle on a cupcake and wish him happy birthday. It had broken his heart to hear Sean say he loved him and not to be able to go to him, to tell him that he still watched over him every day. That he would love and protect him for the rest of his life like he'd always promised.

"He can't see you! You know that. The rules are unbendable."

"So, he can't see me? Is that all? What if I go to him, but never let him see me?"

"Christian," the tired voice started. The same argument over and over had gotten annoying about a year and a half ago. "Yes, that's the actual letter of the law, but you know you can't go back. Why do you keep fighting this? You don't belong there anymore. You belong here."

"I belong with Sean and he needs me. Please. See what you can do." Gabriel shook his head. No, it wasn't the Gabriel. Not too surprisingly it was a common name up there. Christian had refused to change his. 

"I'll ask, but don't expect any miracles." Christian would have cried if he were still able. When he spoke his voice was quiet and resigned.

"Can't you see a miracle is exactly what he needs?" He returned his gaze to Sean, so sad and alone. His heart ached and he knew that, permission or not, he wasn't going to be able to wait much longer before he tried to help him.



Christian's miracle came only a few days later. He was watching an early winter snow fall on the sleepy little apartment complex where he had spent his days happily planning a life with the man he loved. He had considered a thousand times breaking all the rules that were so set in stone, or cloud, or whatever they had up there to write on. He had to go back to earth, to try and do something to end Sean's pain. What would be his punishment? Could it possibly be any worse than sitting motionless, watching Sean self-destruct and unable to stop it? Christian sighed tiredly. He couldn't stand much more of this. It was then he realized someone was coming. He felt Gabriel's presence long before he could see him.

"Hey, Gabe," He said in a quiet voice, knowing the elder could hear him. The angel winced.

"How many times have I told you not to call me that, Chris?" Christian got the point. No one was allowed to call him Chris but Sean.

"Sorry. So you have any news, or are you just here to bother me." He got a tentative smile.

"I have news. I want you to know I don't like this at all and I think that the possibility for disaster is endless, but they have agreed to your request." Christian looked shocked for a second then he jumped up and pumped his fist in the air. The gesture was so silly, so non-angelic, that Gabriel had to laugh.

"Wait before you go running, er, flying off. There are rules." Christian looked impatient.

"I'm listening," he said, looking like he was doing anything but.

"He can't see you. That's rule number one. Don't break it. They are letting you go help him, but a human can't see an angel. Ever. If he sees your face, you will have to return here, and you won't be allowed to look over him any longer."

"Can I touch him?" Gabriel colored slightly.

"Yes, and he will be able to hear you but you'll sound different than you used to. Obviously you can only go to him at night, and you are under no circumstances to tell him what or who you really are."

"Then he'll think I'm some crazy person sneaking into his apartment!"

"And if you told him you were his guardian angel, he would think you were completely sane?" Christian laughed quietly, imagining Sean's reaction to that one. "Listen, you'll just have to convince him some other way. You know we have options. Just don't let him see you. Rules are rules for a reason. You're already getting to break about a hundred of them. I wouldn't complain."

"So he can't see me, and I obviously can't tell him I'm an angel, and I can't even tell him I'm Christian. What if he guesses?"

"Then no rules have been broken."

"This is stupid." Gabriel raised his eyebrows at 

him. "Not that stupid!" Christian amended. He was getting what he had wanted for so long. It wasn't exactly the way he wanted things to be, but he'd take it.

*****

Sean was laying in bed trying to force sleep on himself. It was so hard sleeping in this bed. Still. He would've thought after two years he'd be used to the coldness of sleeping alone, but he wasn't. He had almost caved a few times, bringing home someone he barely knew just to feel the warmth of another person, but he hadn't been able to. He had never even kissed anyone other than Christian. Not a real kiss, anyway. It would feel like cheating. Sean grumbled and rolled over onto Christian's still cold side of the bed. He turned to face the doorway and nearly screamed.

There was a shadowy man, tall and broad shouldered, standing in the usually empty doorway. Sean reached for Christian's baseball bat, which he had started leaving by the bedside a few months earlier when there had been a neighborhood prowler. He would have swung at stranger but for a quietly worded request.

"Wait." The man held out his hand, palm up. It was a peaceful gesture. What the hell? Sean was confused. There was a robber in his house asking him not get violent?

"I don't have anything valuable," he told the man, his voice shaking. He was irritated with himself for sounding so scared. The figure chuckled. There was something so familiar about that low laugh but Sean couldn't place it.

"I'm not a robber," He said still laughing.

"Are you some kind of weird psycho? Kill me, then. I don't care." I'd almost welcome it, he thought. Sean felt a blinding flash of pain coming from his doorway.

"I'm not here to hurt you. I only want to help." His voice sounded shaky too, like the stranger was trying not to cry. "Here. Touch my hand. You'll know then." Despite himself, Sean couldn't help trusting the mysterious figure in the doorway. He reached out and brushed his hand against the offered fingers. 

The feelings that rushed through him at that simple touch were indescribable. Peace, love, a deep sadness, the need to fix that sadness. He felt it all at once, so strong it would have knocked him over had he been standing.

"Who are you?" This time he spoke in awe, not in fear.

"I can't tell you. All I can say is I'm here to help. You've been so sad. I just want you to be happy again." Sean's head dropped forward. He wished that were possible.

"I can't be happy. The man I was going to spend my whole life with is dead. Gone. I'm barely surviving without him." The figure trembled at his words.

"Will you at least let me try?" He reached out and brushed his fingers along Sean's bare shoulder. At his touch that sense of peace returned, along with hope and...desire? He jerked back. This was insane! He must have finally lost it completely. The mysterious stranger reached forward again, returning the contact. 

Maybe it was the touch of a warm hand, or the unbelievable feelings rushing through him, but Sean nodded. He didn't know what he was doing, but for the first time in two long years, he felt like he could take a full breath without bursting into tears. Maybe it felt so good he didn't care if he was crazy.

"What should I call you?" Sean asked. The man had sat down next to him on the bed. He was running his fingers through Sean's hair softly, like you would if you were putting a child to sleep. Sean knew he should be terrified, calling the police, checking himself into the closest loony bin. All he felt was...happy. He didn't understand, but it was such a relief he couldn't let it go.

"I don't know. I hadn't thought of a name." The man's answer was kind of strange, but somehow made sense. "What do you think would fit?" He answered without thinking.

"It's hard. You don't even seem like a person. More like an angel or something." He heard a low chuckle. The vibration shook the hand that was resting in his hair.

"You can't call me that," the chuckling voice said. "How bout, hmmm, Max?" 

"Max?" Sean smiled a little and nodded. "In a weird way, it fits." 

Then the newly named Max crawled under the covers and pulled Sean close, cuddling him up to his perfectly muscled chest. Sean couldn't believe how good it felt. Almost like being with Christian again. Not wrong at all. He felt a little guilty about liking it so much, but figured he was due a little peace. Sean breathed in, and smelled the fresh wet scent of rain clouds and spring mornings, unusual but pleasant. Then he surprised himself by yawning, feeling his eyes grow heavy and tired. They should be tired he guessed. He hadn't had a decent night's sleep in nearly two years.

"Go to sleep, Sean," Max whispered, pulling him closer and tucking the covers around his shoulders. He meant to ask how the man knew his name but he didn't have the energy to say the words. Instead he just closed his eyes and fell asleep. 

****

He woke the next morning, more awake and rested than he had been in a long time. He couldn't believe how easily he'd slept through the night. No nightmares about beeping lights and hospitals, just the easy darkness that he used to take for granted. He reached over to thank Max, or whatever his real name was, but found an empty pillow. Well, not quite empty. In the place of Max's comforting arms was a note, and sitting on the bedside table a blueberry muffin and a steaming peppermint latte. Sean smiled and opened the note.
