 Hi,

This is the third part of my story A matter of Size. I included a Prologue in which I summarize what happened in the other two chapters, so if you do not remember or simply you do not want to read those parts, you still will be able to follow the story. I hope you like it, thank you very much for reading it.

*****

Prologue

I kept telling myself, "how the hell all of this happened?"

I was a common straight guy which likes to do weights at the gym where I had been for years. John was the coach there, and we became friends. He had a girlfriend and I wanted to have one, everything was normal until the day I saw him naked in the locker room. 

"Wow, what a lucky man!" I thought when I saw his cock. I felt envy and shame, because mine was tiny compared to him.

I could not help staring at it while we were talking. He caught me and I had to tell him that I was not gay, it was just it took my attention. He told me that most of the guys have the same reaction, regardless they are straight or not. Eventually, he told me that it was better if I take a closer look, so I got used to it. At first, I rejected, but he convinced me. It was the biggest cock I have ever seen. I became so close that I could smell it. When he told me that I could touch it, I did. In a matter of seconds, I was sucking it.

A huge desire grew in me and I could not stop it. It was so strong that I could not refuse when he told me to bend over and spread out my buttocks. He knew very well how to do it, because despite the initial pain, he provided me the most intense feeling in my life, to the point that I was able to cum without touching myself. 

After that day, I tried to forget and move on. I started in another gym, and there I met a gorgeous girl named Vicky. For some reason, she was interested in me, so we started dating. That made me forget about what happened with John for a while, but it did not lasted forever. Little by little my desire to feel that cock again grew, to the point that one day I went to my old gym to see John. 

I told him that now I had a girlfriend, but he knew what I was there for, and played with me until I told him what he wanted to hear, that I needed his cock again. He accepted, but on one condition: I would go with my girlfriend to the party he was organizing and there I would offer his cock to her. 

I was so desperate that I accepted. He got me into a little warehouse and there I could feel his cock again. He was not over humiliating me, and made me call my girlfriend while I was sucking his dick. At some time, he took the phone and introduced himself. He told her about the party, and she was happy to accept the invitation. 

Chapter 3: The party

The first few days after my second encounter with John were a nightmare for me. The guilt feeling was killing me. Not only I was a fag and a cheater, but also a coward. Every time I was with her all the memories about me sucking the big dick while she was talking to me by phone came to my mind. 

She realized that something was happening, and asked me several times what was wrong with me, but I always gave her evasive answers. I only had two choices, telling the truth and face the consequences or burying everything in the hope of being able to forgive myself with the passage of time. I took the second one, trying to convince myself that it was the right choice for everyone.

Just when I started acting normally, she told me, "dear, you won't believe it. Yesterday, I came across Pam, an old friend of mine. It had been ages since the last time that we had met. We chatted for an hour or so. She has a crazy life and among other things she told me that her boyfriend's name is John, does that name mean anything to you?"

"It cannot be truth," I thought. I had met John's girlfriend a couple of times, and I knew that her name was Pamela.

"Well, that is a extremely common name," I finally said.

"I know, but she told me that he works as a coach at the gym where you used to go. She even told me about the party. He is 'your' John. What a coincidence, don't you think?"

"Yes, it is," I told her with a forced smile.

"She also told me that the party will be special, that it will be the experience of our lives. I'm very excited about it, Pam never disappoints, and it seems that neither does John."

"About that, honey... I'm not sure if we should go, I would prefer to pass."

"Oh, come on, did you hear me? 'the experience of our lives'. Wouldn't you do that for me?" she told me with that angel face.

I just could not say 'no'. I did not know how I was going to deal with it, but I told her that we would go.

She responded with a big smile and a hug. Then, she whispered to my ear "I want you suck your cute thing. Then, I want you to fuck me, come all over me and then lick it all from me."

She did not need to insist, just the way she said it made me hot. That time, she was more aggressive than usual. In fact, she did all the job and, after sucking my cock for a while, rode me while I was lying on my back. I enjoyed it so much that it did not take to much before I was about to come. I tried to persuade her, but she seemed to want me to cum fast, and increased the tempo. I came inside her. Then, she climbed to my head, so her pussy was right over my mouth.

"Now, the best part, when you take all the man juice. Take it all in your mouth, but don't swallow it yet," she said.

I did as she told me. It was not easy to retain all the semen in my mouth without swallowing while I kept licking her pussy, but I managed to do it. When everything was inside my mouth, she moved away. I did not expected that, normally she wanted me to lick her until she came.

"On your knees," she ordered me. I did it, so I was on my knees on the bed with my mouth full of cum. 

"Don't swallow, keep it in your mouth," she added.

Then she started rubbing my dick, and it got hard again. However, in that position it was retracted, it looked really small. 

"Is this a dick or is it a clit? Perhaps it is a clit, because it gets hard when its owner has his mouth full of semen," she said with mocking tone.

I was stunned, she never had talked me that way. I had never been into humiliation, but that dirty talk really excited me.

"Do you want to swallow, darling?"

I nodded.

"Of course you want. It's really tasty, isn't it?"

I nodded again.

"That's so hot. Imagine it comes from another cock. A very big juicy cock. that is what you think about when you taste your cum, right?"

I shook my head, trying to deny it.

"Liar! Your clit is wet. Come on, that's turning me on. Will you play a little game for me?" she asked.

I nodded.

The she opened a drawer and took a realistic dildo. I did not even know that she had it. At first, I was in panic. If she did something with my ass, she would realized that it had been used.

"Suck it like it was a real cock, but keeping the cum in your mouth," she ordered me with the dildo pointing to my mouth.

She pushed it to the entrance of my mouth, and I opened it. The dildo was not as huge as John's member, but it was big. I impregnated it with the cum that was still inside my mouth. The touch felt quite natural, and with the 'additive' from my mouth, also the taste. I started to get into it. She pushed and pulled it, almost making me gag. 

She seemed to be fascinated with my cooperation. Eventually, she stood up and put the fake cock between her legs, pretending it was a real one. 

"Do you like my cock?" she asked me.

"Hmm hmm," I responded with the cum still in my mouth.

"Good, I'm going to fuck your pretty mouth with it, but first I want to see you taking it all on your own."

I felt weird but horny. I rubbed all of it with my both hands and with my mouth, just like I had learned with John. 

"Very good, you are becoming a remarkable cocksucker. Come on, make me come in your mouth!" she said with excitement.

I sucked as fast as I could until she faked a male orgasm in my mouth. Unwittingly, I moaned. Then she took off the dildo and told me, "you made me cum a lot. Open your mouth, I want to see my manly cum inside your sissy mouth!"

I obeyed.

"Good girl! Time to swallow, show me how much you want the cum."

I swallowed everything and showed her my empty mouth. 

Then she pushed my chest with a leer, making me fall on my back again. She went between my legs and sucked my dick avidly, until I came in her mouth. She did not swallowed it, and once again she made me taste my own cum, this time through a passionate kiss.

The day of the party

Finally, the fateful day arrived. Vicky looked spectacular. She wore a night dress that left very little to the imagination. I was very nervous. My plan was to avoid being alone with John and leave as early as possible, so he had not the chance to make me fulfill my part of our deal. It was not a brilliant plan, but that was the only thing that it occurred to me.

When we approached John's house we could hear the music. It seemed that there was no neighbors near, so there was no problem with the noise. I was really impressed, the house looked new, big and modern. It was way too expensive for a guy who worked as a gym coach.

The main door was open, so we entered without knocking (anyway it was unlikely that someone would realize because of the music). From the inside, the house looked really nice, stylish. We followed the music, until we get to the main hall. There, we could see John and his girlfriend chatting with three or four people, laughing and with a glass of wine in his hand.

He waved at me and we approached. He gave me a warm welcome, and we did the presentations. I was very tense when I presented Vicky to him, I did not know what to expect. Actually, he was very kind, what made me calm down a little. Then, Vicky and Pam went together for a drink and talk, and I stayed with John.

"Hey, John, about what I told you the other day," I started to say.

"What we agreed, you mean," he replied with stiff tone.

"Well, yes, that's right, but look, I cannot do that. I mean, I'm trying to live a normal life, please don't make me do that, I can't," I begged him. 

"Calm down, I won't force you to do anything, that wouldn't be funny. It just turned me on the idea of you thinking that it would happen, that you were capable of doing that just to get my cock," he responded. 

I breathed easy, that was a big relief for me. After a little pause I told him "thank you so much, John. I owe you one."

"No problem, buddy, just relax and enjoy the party. What do you think about my house?"

"Honestly, it's amazing. I had no idea that being a gym coach was so well paid."

"Hehe, no it isn't. Actually, I do it as a hobby. I have a lot of money, my family is rich, but I don't like what rich people usually do for living."

"Wow, that's good. I had no idea, you are full of surprises."

"You still haven't seen the best part," he responded with a confident smile.

"I seriously doubt it," it slipped out. When I realized what I had just said, I blushed.

"I think someone misses something," and he rubbed the outline of his big bulge.

"Sorry, I didn't mean that."

"Relax, dude, I was joking. And for the record, I also miss something. Stay here, I will get us a drink."

He went behind me, and deliberately rubbed his bulge against my butt. As wrong as it was, I have to admit that it turned me on. Luckily, no one could see it.

In the mean time, Vicky returned from her chat with Pam. She had a big smile and an almost empty glass of wine in her hand. She was not drunk, but I would say that it was not her first one.

"Are you enjoying the party, honey?" I asked her.

"Sure! This house is amazing."

"I know, I had no idea."

"Me neither, she responded. I'm glad for them."

"Me too."

"By the way, did you know that they both are bisexuals?" she told me like it was nothing. I almost spit out the wine I was drinking.

"No, no, are you sure?" I finally responded. 

"Quite sure, I already knew that she was, but she just told me that her boyfriend enjoys fucking men, did you know about that?"

"No, I didn't," I lied. 

"She just told me that he has a cock like my forearm, but I'm sure you already know it...I mean, from the locker room of the gym." 

"Yes, he is well hung," I had to admit. 

"Pam told me that they both enjoy turning out straight guys. Sometimes, she set up guys pretending that she is single, and when the victim thinks that he is going to fuck her, John appears and the poor guy ends up sucking his cock and taking it up in the ass. That made me so horny, I would love so much to see that."

"What about her?" I said, trying to change the subject.

"Well, lets say that she doesn't sneeze at a wet pussy, but who can blame her for that."

"You mean...do you also like it?"

"I did it once with Pam, and I loved it. It happened long ago, we were very young and always horny. One night, we were drunk and a friend of us challenged us to kiss eachother, and we did it. At first, it was only in the lips, that was not a big deal, but then our friends encouraged us to use our tongues. 

"The feeling of being doing something 'wrong' was like a shot of adrenaline. I just couldn't stop, I needed to touch her tits with my hands and lick her nipples with my tongue. Then, I bent down between her legs, put her dress up, took off her panties and started licking her shaved pussy. While I did it, I caressed her firm rounded buttocks. After that, she also did that to me, and we ended up licking each other pussies. It was one of my hottest sexual experiences."

I was astonished. I knew that she was open minded regarding sex, but that was unexpected to me. Not just the facts, but how easy it seemed for her to say and how natural it sounded from her lips.

I thought for a second that it could be the moment, maybe it was not too late to tell her about what happened between John and me. She was an open minded person, just had told me about her lesbian experience and even said that it was hot that a guy fucks another guy. But then, I started thinking that I was in the 'faggot' part, and on top of it I was a cheater, so once more I missed the chance to be sincere. Instead of it I simply said, "wow, I don't know what to say, you are amazing."

She responded with a sweet smile and a kiss. Just then, John came from behind taking us by surprise, and said, "hey lovebirds, too early for that!" 

Then he put his arms over our shoulders and said, "come with me, I will introduce you to my friends, I'm sure that they will like you both very much."

To be honest, their friends seemed quite 'normal'. There were four couples and three or four single men. All of them were very nice with us, and between that and the alcohol we fitted very well. After one hour, it was like we all were old friends.

I was starting to really enjoy the party, when suddenly the music stopped and everyone got quiet. Then, John started a speech.

"Well well well, are you having fun?" he said loudly.

"Yes!" Everybody answered.

"But you want more, right?"

"Yes!"

"You all know that my parties comes with surprise (well, actually not all of you, but we are going to solve this) and that I never disappoint. Today we have two new friends here and it's important for Pam and myself that they have a really good time here tonight, so I am going to ask you to help that happen."

Without thinking, I responded loudly, "and so it is, that's a great party!"

"The night is young, my friend. Enjoy the show," he responded.

The lights went down. I took for granted that what came then was some kind of erotic show, a stripper or something like that. That made feel a little uncomfortable, but I could live with that. 

"What the hell, enjoy the moment!" I thought to myself.

Then, a projection screen went down, and the projector that he had in the hall was switched on. It took a while until the image was clear. The video showed a room, the image was taken from one side, and it showed a close-up of a door. I had no idea about what I was seeing until the door opened and John appeared.

I could only think, "no, no, please no, not that, please no..." but then I was showed up in the film. It was the warehouse of the gym. Before I could react, everybody including my girlfriend was watching me in my knees sucking viciously John's cock. The quality was very good, so all the details could be appreciated.

I almost fainted. For some minutes, I was unable to react, and anyway it was too late. I felt like I was in a bad dream. How it could be possible? He had everything planed for sure. My entire life was ruined.

What took me to reality was the phone call part. I could not allow my girlfriend to see me calling her while I was sucking cock.

"Vicky, I wanted to tell you about this, it happened before we met, and only a couple of times. Come on honey, lets go home, this is humiliating," I told her.

"I am not going anywhere and neither you are, unless you want this to be the last time that you see me," she responded with a tone that really scared me, calmed but extremely firm. After that, I simply stayed silent.

I could see myself sucking greedily. The room was dark, and I could not see anything except the film and my girlfriend which was just beside me, but I could hear their comments and jokes: 

"Look at that, he is a real fag!" 

"Surely knows how to suck," another one said.

"I cannot believe that he can take so much cock, he is a pro." 

"Yeah, who would say, and he seemed bored," responded the first one.

The worst of all is that I was getting hard from watching the scene. I simply could not help it. When I saw myself offering my asshole, wide open, to that tremendous cock, I felt that I wanted to be there again despite the extreme humiliation feeling that I had. The final act was when I came without touching myself. They even applauded. 

When it was finished, the lights were turned on again. I could see everyone in the room looking looking at me and making fun of me.

Someone said, "look at him, he is hard, it seems like he wants more." I wanted to escape from that, to run, but then I remembered what Vicky said. 

When I focused a little more, I realized that the couples were kissing and groping each other. I looked at John, and Pam was obscenely rubbing his crotch. She broke the silence and said "hey Quip, it seems that we have something in common, don't you think?"

"Pam... I don't know what to say, I'm sorry."

"Don't be, that was very hot, I love when my boyfriend turns out other men with his 'charming'. By the way, nice ass, you took it better than me."

I summoned up the courage to look at Vicky. She did not really look angry. It was more like she was trying to find the words about what she wanted to say. Finally, she said, "It seems that you had a good time with John. Weren't you going to share that with me?"

"I'm so sorry, I thought it would be better if I took it to myself."

"I can see that, you took everything to yourself," she told me with joking tone.

"Please, forgive me, I will do anything, but please, I beg you."

"Ok, I will forgive you on one condition."

"Whatever, I will do anything to earn your forgiveness," I responded without hesitation.

"Are you sure?"

"Anything," I said and I meant it. 

"Good, then it is time to do what you brought me here to."

"But, I don't know what you mean."

"You know exactly what I mean, and now we all know."

"But I didn't bring you here for that!"

"Right, and that makes you not only a cheater, but a liar. You made a promise to your friend John, and you're gonna keep it."

I made a pause, and finally responded "Ok, if that's what you want I will do it, but please, not here, in front of all this people."

John took the floor and said "You still didn't realize, right?"
