 Lee pushed through the revolving brass door, Marshall just behind him. Back on the sidewalk, they paused to get their bearings and catch their breath. The business meeting had lasted longer than they'd expected, but it had been worth it. 

Marshall squinted at the reflected glare of the sun's rays that bounced off the huge glass buildings that surrounded them. They didn't have anything like this in Burnham. The only time he saw structures this big was on their periodic visits to San Antonio. It was nice now and then, but he preferred living the way they did to being part of this noise. Marshall reached into his pocket and brought out his sunglasses. There, that was better.

"Now that's a good morning." 

Other people might not be able to tell how Lee was with their morning's efforts. For the most part, he maintained a stoic demeanor, but Marshall knew how to read him. Like a well-thumbed book.

"You did a good job, Marshall."

Marshall warmed at Lee's words of praise. "You're the one that sold him. I just talked software with him, listened to what he wanted, and told him how I could do it."

"And make it better. Don't be so modest. He was impressed, and rightly so. I'm very proud of you." Lee glanced up and down the street before raising his hand. Immediately, a yellow taxicab materialized at the curb in front of them. 

It wasn't until they were in the backseat, and safely away from the curious eyes of anyone on the street, that Lee kissed him. Marshall understood and wasn't offended. It wasn't easy to be openly gay in Texas, even now, especially in some of the bigger cities. The last thing they wanted or needed was to get into trouble, or draw attention to themselves. Luckily, the people of Burnham knew them and never judged them for who they were.

"How about a little lunch, and then we can go shopping?"

Marshall was tempted to say shopping first, especially as he knew the particular store Lee had in mind, but he knew from long experience that anticipation was just an aphrodisiac of a different sort. Besides, he needed to fuel himself for the night ahead. The very thought of what was coming made him smile. "Sounds good," he replied.

Lee gave the driver the address of the restaurant they'd decided to try the next time they were in San Antonio. A customer who lived in the area had recommended it, said it wasn't much to look at but the food was fantastic. 

"I thought we'd go to the Alamo after we get up tomorrow." Lee reached for Marshall's hand and held it in his on top of his leg as the cab sped them toward their destination. "Then pick up some stuff for the office. Maybe do some clothes shopping, as long as we're here. How does that sound?"

"Sounds perfect."

They leaned together, exchanged a quick kiss.

Visiting the Alamo was mandatory. It was their favorite place in San Antonio, the sex shop coming in not even a close second. But more than a place of great history, the Alamo held special meaning for them

In the dark days of Marshall's captivity, when Lee sought to find him for five years, with the assistance of the PI he'd hired, Lee had moved to Burnham and established a life, in anticipation of Marshall's return to him. Worked hard, preparing for the day when he would have Marshall with him once again. On his business trips to San Antonio, he'd visit the Alamo and sit inside the church, in this very hallowed of Texas shrines. And he'd pray for Marshall to come home to him.

Now they went there together and gave thanks for their lives.

Lunch was delicious—thick and juicy sirloin steaks, crisp steak fries, and cold beer from a local microbrewery. They generously tipped the waitress and promised they'd return next time they were in town. Afterward, they found another cab and headed to the large sex store, which was located in the downtown section of San Antonio.

The store was the largest in the area and had something for everyone. The clerks were helpful, but discreet, and they didn't bother you unless you wanted to be bothered. They found some DVDs for their collection, picked up a few bottles of flavored lube, and a blow-up doll for Roy as a semi-serious, somewhat gag gift. 

When Lee picked up a pair of handcuffs, holding it in the palm of his hand as if to feel their weight, Marshall's eyebrows arched. This was something new and different. They'd used ties and scarves but never handcuffs. Marshall was getting hard just thinking about having them used on him, in their bed. "Maybe we need two pairs?" he suggested in a breathy whisper.

Lee winked at him, before picking up a second pair. "I like the way you think." He grinned.

They found the remote-control vibrating butt plug Lee had mentioned, and added it to the items in their cart. Then they wandered through the clothing section, where they discovered the assless underwear.

"I can think of a lot of uses for something like this." Lee held a colorful pair in his hands, openly admiring them. He looked between them and Marshall. Marshall could only imagine what he had in mind... and he loved the idea.

"You know that old saying," he ventured to say.

"What's that?"

"What's good for the goose..."

"So I'm a gander, am I?" But Lee was grinning as he leaned toward Marshall. "And why should I wear something like this?" he questioned in a soft voice.

"So I can lick your hole," Marshall whispered back, their gazes meeting.

"Boy, I like the way you think. Maybe if you're real good, we can do that tonight."

Marshall swallowed hard. Hot damn.

They picked up some fuckbooks for themselves, and some for Roy, and headed to the checkout.