 This story picks up where the "Sensitivity Training" stories left off, with the same character as narrator. Feel free to read those first, and don't forget to vote and leave some feedback.

*

Two weeks had passed since my eye opening day spent with the three men who used and abused me to turn me into their gay bitch. There had been no real contact from any of them except for a reminder I got in the mail a few days after. Simmons had sent me a few copies of the pictures that Charles had taken. They showed me, down on all fours, wide eyed and a little dazed with Simmons' dick ripping my ass open while my old friend Keith fed me his cock. He included a note that read, "Just a few keepsakes to remind you of our special day together. As you can see the camera clearly caught your face but you can't tell from the picture who the dick up your ass or the one in your mouth belongs to. Take care, my little slut." He was right, these were the ultimate blackmail tool, but it wasn't like I really needed any convincing for me to want to do this again. What those three didn't know was that I kept one of those pictures and I was jacking off to it almost nightly. Not only that but I had started getting into gay porn and stories that I found on the Internet. 

I bought a dildo and would practice blowjobs, then toy my ass while I jerked off, pretending it was the real thing. But for as much as I was getting into the idea of being a gay fucktoy I was too scared at the prospect of going and trying to hook up with an anonymous stranger on the Internet or at a bar or club. A club was too public and I was afraid that someone might recognize me. I had tried to drive to one but lost my nerve before I could even park my car. And while there were certainly websites where I could find someone that was into what I wanted I knew that there could also be some psychos out there. The last thing I wanted was for my name to show in the newspaper as some serial killer's victim detailing how I was lured in looking for gay sex. And I didn't really want to go to Simmons, Charles, and Keith to beg them for another day like we had had just because I didn't want to give them any kind of pleasure at knowing that they held even more power over me than they thought.

I still saw Simmons and Keith almost daily at the office. They acted as though nothing had ever happened. They didn't make any kind of jokes, or pull me aside to say anything in private, they just kept things completely professional. If anything that just made me even more uncomfortable around them, to the point that my mind started playing tricks on me. I would always feel like they were staring at me over my shoulder, or grinning at me out the corner of my eye. Then I'd look and there would be no one there. My tension, both mental and sexual, were building to the point of real distraction. I was getting barely any work done. Then one morning I started up my computer to find an interoffice e-mail from Keith. It simply said, "My secretary is taking the afternoon off to run some errands. She'll leave around 12:30, I want you in my office at 12:31. I've cleared up my afternoon so that we can pick up where we left off." Seeing as how 'where we left off' was with him cumming in my mouth I could see where this was headed. He would have been surprised to find that I suddenly had butterflies in my stomach in anticipation of what I hoped would happen. I must have checked my watch about a million times between reading that e-mail and 12:30. It felt like I was a kid just waiting for the bell to ring and let me out of school. Slowly the time did pass and I spotted Keith's secretary walking past my cubicle and towards the front door. I wasted absolutely no time getting to Keith's office, although I didn't want to seem too eager. I felt so weird, desperately wanting his cock in my mouth and in my ass, but just as desperate that no one else but Keith, Charles, and Simmons know about it. Hell, I didn't even really want them to think I enjoyed it too much. If they knew I liked it they might just cut me off altogether because I knew they enjoyed abusing and humiliating for the feeling of power just as much as the sex, maybe more so. If they knew I liked it they wouldn't want to do it. And besides, getting to pretend that I was this submissive prisoner to their will really turned me on. Just the thought of it all had made my dick hard and it tented out against my slacks as I knocked on the door marked "K. Harrison."

"It's open," a familiar voice said from the other side. I turned the knob and walked in for what I hoped would be a good time. I found Keith maybe 8 or 9 feet in front of me, sitting calmly on his desk reading from a file. If I didn't know any better I'd say he hadn't been expecting me at all. He gave me a warm smile and joked, "Close the door, will ya? Were you raised in a barn?" I wasn't quite sure what was going on but this was a friendlier welcome than I was expecting. I turned to close the door and as soon as it clicked shut Keith sprung like an animal. He pinned me against the door with his body, my face pressing against the wood finish of the door and his breath heating the back of my neck. I felt my ribs shaking although I couldn't tell if it was my heart pounding or his. His hands gripped the sides of my arms powerfully, letting me know exactly who was in control. I turned my head to try to see him, but he kept his face just out of sight. He brought his lips to my ear and whispered, "This entire office is sound proof, so no matter what I do to you no one is going to hear it. Besides, if you behave yourself and be a good little bitch boy for me this won't hurt much at all."

The office had been remodeled about a year ago and that was one of the little perks that Keith had managed to slip into the building budget. He had said that the office was too loud and distracted him, but the real reason the higher ups agreed to it was that Keith had a temper and would yell at his computer, or into his phone, or at some of us if we screwed up bad enough. For as nice a guy as he could be he had a dark, angry side to him and that was the side I was seeing right now as his body burned against mine. I felt his penis, hard as a rock, pressing against the crack of my ass through our clothes. I was doing my best to catch my breath when Keith released his hold. His hands went in opposite directions; his left slid down my arm, curling around my side and drifting dangerously close to my uncontrollable erection. Meanwhile his right hand crept up my bicep and across my shoulder with a feathery touch. His fingertips brushed up the back of my neck and settled into my hair. Then just as suddenly both hands grabbed a handful of what was nearest. He pulled my hair back, forcing me to stare at the ceiling tile while his right hand clutched my dick through my clothing. "Here's how things are going to go," he growled into my ear. "I'm going to tell you exactly what to do and you are going to do it, or else everyone in this building and most of the free world will see the pictures that I have of you. You know the ones, right? The ones where you look just as happy as can be while you get both of your holes fucked."

stood trembling. I knew it was from anticipation but Keith thought it was fear. "Don't be afraid, slave. This won't be too bad if you just do what I say, and address me as master. Understand?"

I nodded. That was soon followed by a full strength spank on my ass. I quickly corrected my mistake and said, "Yes, I understand, master." 

"Good boy. Now, stand in the middle of the room." I turned and walked to the spot his finger was pointing to. I stared at the wicked grin that Keith wore across his face as I complied to his order. "Now stand absolutely still." Keith circled me like a lion stalking its prey. I stood staring straight ahead but I hear his quiet footsteps tracing their path around me and I could feel the heat of his gaze as though he was going to melt the clothes right off of me. I held my breath for what felt like forever as he continued his methodical inspection around me. Then the footsteps stopped as he stood directly behind me. His hands slid around my waist and his fingers interlocked over my navel. He then jerked me backwards against his body as his hands starting working their way through the buttons of my shirt, undoing them one by one on his way up to my neck. He loosened my tie, but didn't remove it. "This might make a good leash," he explained. After he was done with my shirt he slid my sleeves down my arms and discarded it on a nearby chair. He ran his fingernails up and down my chest a few times before focusing in on my nipples, pinching them hard and even pulling at them a little. "Well, don't make me do all the work you slut. Lose the pants, now." 

I stood silently in a mixture of fear and anticipation, willing my body to obey his commands. I bent down to undo my shoes, and I felt his hands rubbing, and then grasping my ass. "Ooh, that tight little ass of yours...I can't wait to make it mine." I hurried to undo my other shoe as quickly as I could. As I slid them off my feet I undid my belt, fumbling nervously with it, hoping not to waste a single second of the time the we would spend together. I finally succeeded in getting the last of my clothing off and stood before him completely naked, fully erect, awaiting my master's next command. I didn't have to wait long. He told me to fold up my clothes and place them behind his desk. While I was doing this he went to his posh, leather office chair and began undoing his pants. Things were about to get interesting.

He ordered me to stand in front of him, and I promptly obeyed. He looked my body up and down, as though he could taste me with them. His eyes fixated on my penis, like his it was completely erect, quivering in the open air.. "Seems like you're pretty excited. Why is that?"

"I believe I know what's coming, master." He was drawing this out for his own amusement. He probably planned this out to drag out my feelings of fear, but the only thing I was scared of at that moment was that I might very well cum right then and then from the anticipation.

"And what do you think that is slave?"

"My master is going to fuck my ass, sir."

His eyes sparkled with glee at the thought. "That's true, but why rush things? If you recall I said I wanted to pick up where we left off, which was with you blowing me. Crawl to me, and then suck me off like the little slut we both know you want to be."

I lowered myself to the floor, pausing for a moment on my knees (Keith said I looked awfully comfortable in that position), and then down to all fours. I crept across the floor like a dog, wondering if someone was going to walk in at any moment, and only getting more excited by the thought. I was now right in front of Keith's chair. He reached down and took my neck tie in his hand and pulled me up to a kneeling position, my face inches from his manhood. It held my gaze, wavering slightly, precum already already forming on the hole, completely shaved. I don't know how like I stared at it before Keith shook me out of my trance. "Look at me, whore." I blinked a few times, and snapped back into reality. I turned my eyes up to meet his. The smile on his face was equal parts power, pleasure, and pure lust. "Well, you know what you're here for don't you? Suck my fucking cock, bitch!"

There was something about those words that just got me so hot that I practically leaped at his crotch. I ran my lips all over it first, kissing and suckling on his balls, then licking all the way up his shaft to the tip, before flicking the tip of my tongue over the hole, picking up strands of his precum with it. From there I started kissing it all over, gentle, soft kisses like you would put on someone's neck, all along the sides, then the top, and then back to the underside. I cast my eyes back up to Keith's face and he looked to be enjoying my efforts just fine. He had his eyes closed and his head tipped back, taking slow, measured breaths. He looked like he almost fighting the urge to cum already. My practice was making perfect it seemed. With his penis slick from my saliva I started pumping it with my hand. At his point his hands crept around to the back of my head, and his fingers slid through the hair on the back of my head. He quietly gasped, "Suck it good, slut." And like all his commands I obeyed immediately. Keith's dick was a little bigger than the dildo I had practiced on but I adjusted just fine. My lips put an airtight seal around his shaft as my face went up and down on it, with my tongue curled just right to catch its underside as it slid in and out of my mouth. I had honed my technique to the point where there wasn't a trace of teeth on his flesh. I was going pretty slowly but the pressure from his hands forced me to pick up the pace. Clearly he liked was I was doing. Finally, it got to the point where he picked hips up from his seat and was just holding my head still while he fucked my face. I opened my eyes to saw his face was a mask of ecstasy. And then suddenly the phone rang. 

Keith pulled me off of him by my hair, while cursing with every four letter word in the book. But in a matter of seconds it took for him to answer the phone he got his game face back on and answered the phone with a very chipper, "This is Keith Harrison, can I help you?" 

Keith's side of the conversation was mostly just "Yes", "Okay", and "Uh-huh," all sounding courteous and professional while his face showed nothing but annoyance. When he finally spoke he said, "Well it's not big deal, Mark. Just e-mail me it when you get the chan..." Keith paused as he looked down at me, naked and on my knees still. There was mischief in his eyes. "On second thought, Mark, my printer's been acting up so if you could print out a copy of that and bring it to me immediately I'd really appreciate it." At this point Keith's erection, which had started to soften a little began to grow once again. He had something in mind. My eyes got very wide. The danger that someone could walk in and find me like this was kind of a turn on but knowing that it would be a reality created nothing but fear. I begged Keith, "Give me my clothes back. I can be dressed by the time he gets in here. We could both get in a lot of trouble for this." But Keith wasn't sweating this at all. 

He leaned down so that our faces were inches apart and said plainly, "This is how it's going to happen. There's room for you under my desk, but not much room for you to move. So you're going to get under there and deepthroat while Mark is in my office. If you don't, then a mysteriously anonymous source will e-mail those pictures to every last person in this office building." I gulped and nodded my head. I could do this, I knew I could. I deepthroated my dildo just fine. I could control my gag reflex. I was going to; I didn't have much choice.

What Keith had said about the underside of his desk was true, there was room for me but not much else. He wheeled his chair to the desk, moving his legs under there as best he could and spreading his legs so that I would slide in between them to get to his penis. With his seat lowered the edge of the desk hit him right at the bottom of his rib cage, so I was fairly confident that Mark couldn't see what would be going on but I was very worried that I might gag or gasp or make some kind of noise that would tip him off to my presence. Keith whispered to me, "Remember, when that door opens, you put your mouth on my dick, or else." It wasn't like I really needed any reminders. 

Almost on cue I heard the door open. I opened my mouth and my throat as best I could and swallowed Keith's meat down to the base. I closed my lips around it and basically held there as best I could. Each second felt like and eternity as I held my breath, breathing through my nose in the rare instances that I tried to take in any air. I tried to listen to the conversation that was taking place, if for no other reason than to get my mind off of the fear of how bad this could go very quickly. I couldn't make out anything that Mark was saying but I could hear Keith fairly well.

"Thanks a lot, Mark." To which Mark replied something I couldn't make out. Then Keith just said something like, "So how's your family?" I could have fainted right then and there. Mark had had twins about two years ago and would drone on for hours about them if you gave him the chance. Tears started to form in my eyes from the fear that I would have to keep this up for that long. My jaw was already getting sore. Again, I couldn't make out what Mark said, but I whatever it was was good news for me, because Keith then said, "Well, alright, I know work can back up on you. We'll talk later, I guess." I heard Mark's footsteps as he headed for the door. It felt like it took forever for him just to open and close the damn door. Keith back his chair up and I collapsed forward, red in the face and sucking wind. Keith laughed at me, while slowing stroking his dick. "Wow, that was impressive. Now for you next task, slave, go lock the door while I switch my phone over so that it will send my calls directly to voice mail. I don't want any more interruptions today." 

I crawled out from under the desk, and struggled to my feet. My legs (my knees in particular) were sore from being in such an unusual position for so long. I heard Keith tapping a few buttons on his phone while I locked the door. As I turned to get my next set of instructions Keith was removing the rest of his clothes. While he worked on getting his shirt off he asked me, "Where did you learn to suck dick so good? I remember last time you did pretty well for a first timer, but you're REALLY good now. Who have you been practicing on?"

"I haven't been practicing on anyone, master, just on a dildo."

"Oh, you mean something like this?" he said as he reached into a desk drawer. He pulled out a dildo similar in size to mine, but his one was maybe a little bigger, black, shiny. "Do you just practice BJ's with it?" I shook my head. "Then tell me exactly what you do with your toy, slave." He walked out from behind his desk and started heading towards me. Again, he moved slowly, deliberately; finding that perfect balance that made me eager with anticipation but still guessing as to just what he had in mind.

I stammered out, "Um, I stick it in my ass, master."

"And what do you think about while you do that?"

I immediately confessed, "I pretend that it's your cock, master."

All he said was, "Show me, slave," and handed me the dildo. As he handed it to me with his left hand his right hand trailed down my chest to my dick. It had gone soft from the fear of Mark walking in but it was getting erect again at the thought of my master's next request. It instantly became fully erect once he put his hand on it and gave it a few slow, strong strokes while he took his left hand and did the same to himself. I held my breath, savoring the tingling that went up my spine as he jerked my cock, but I remembered I had a job to do. I said, "Sit down and I'll show you exactly how I play with my toy master." Even though I was the bitch here he quickly sat in one of the chairs in front of his desk, completely naked with a raging hard-on. I started my show. "First I like to get it nice and wet so it'll slide up my ass nice and easy, plus I get to practice sucking cock." I drew the dildo slowly to my lips and gave it the exact same treatment I had given Keith's member shortly before, touching every inch of it with my tongue in long, luxurious licks. Then I started working it in and out of my mouth ever so smoothly. Keith seemed torn between wanting to jack off right then and there or to wait to see what I would do next or to simply throw me on the floor and fuck my ass. It was a nice feeling to see that, but I was getting pretty turned on to and I was getting eager for the fucking that I had come here expecting. So I went to the next step, as I bent over his desk, my ass only a foot from his face and my rock hard dick fully visible to him as it hung between my legs. I continued my narration. I spoke and moved slowly, milking every moment as I looked back over my shoulder at Keith who was practically about to explode. "Then once it's wet and slippery I spread my ass cheeks and I work it up my butt, little by little until it's going all the way in." And that's exactly what I did, giving Keith a full view to what he would be getting a piece of in just a few moments. I could hear his breathing speeding up as my pace did with the dildo-in and out, in and out, in and out. Until I heard Keith stand up, then the sound of him spitting on his hand and lubing his cock up. His hand wrapped around mine and pulled the dildo from ass. I looked back to see him almost insane with lust. "Lay on your back on my desk, you're going to get the fucking you deserve you little slut."
