 Author's Note: Do not read further if it is illegal for you to do so. This story contains adults in sexual situations. If reading stories of reluctance, D/s, or stories containing gay male and anal play offends you, please hit the 'Back' button.

This story is a prequel of sorts to the 'Lucy' storyline. However, I believe it is able to stand on it's own and I have decided to publish it thus.

Thanks to my editor, Kira: especially for dealing with my brief and regular affairs with punctuation insanity!



The Gauge was one of my irregular haunts - a dark club with plenty of corners for doing dark deeds. It was filled with the pulsing urgency of youth, most clad in black, most drinking red wine or absinthe, and all listening to the wailing cries of the goth rock gods.

It was there I met Cody. I'd been scouting the floor for an hour, had given up and headed to the bar. To get there, I had to step carefully over the legs of young ones slumped up against walls, smoking and murmuring between themselves. Standing between two sets of legs, I was considering my path when a hand suddenly touched the leg of my leather pants. I looked down into the dark eyes of a young boy staring up very intently at me.

"Let go," I said, putting all my command into my voice, and his arm dropped as though he'd been burnt.

I didn't give the youth a second thought and made my way to the bar. As soon as the line waned I ordered myself a shot of vodka, the expensive one.

"Would you buy me one, too?"

I turned around and the dark-eyed youth was standing next to me, smiling nervously. I narrowed my eyes for a moment, then nodded at the bartender. Moments later drinks were in hand, the young one sniffing suspiciously at his.

"This doesn't smell like vodka," he said, and I ignored his remark.

"Budmo," I said quietly, downing the glass.

He followed suit, and then almost choked on the drink. He was gasping in air, making the shock of alcohol worse, and the bartender and I both chuckled at him.

"What's your name?" I asked, though I didn't really care.

"Cody," the young one replied, staring at his empty glass.

"Hm. How old are you, Cody?"

"Twenty-one," he lied.

I gave the boy an appraising glare, making him shift uncomfortably.

"Come with me."

With that, I grabbed him by the hand and pulled him towards the exit. The moment we left the dark, smoky rooms and entered the clear air of night I felt better. I gathered him under the streetlight to get a better look at him, my hand firmly holding his chin up to the light, and was unimpressed with the lines of black eye shadow he'd smeared around the doe-brown eyes that stared back at me.

I gave him another 'hm', and still gripping his hand firmly, walked us to my car. 

"Where are you taking me?" he asked, stumbling in his combat boots. 

I clicked the alarm button on my car key and the orange lights of my silver Jaguar XJR went off, illuminating it nicely.

"This is yours?" he asked, incredulously.

"Get in." 

I didn't bother opening his door, instead swiftly got in the driver side and ignited the engine. A second later, the passenger door opened and the youth got in. Before he could bother with the seat belt, I pulled him by the neck to me and claimed his lips. Forcing his lips apart with my tongue, I tasted the vodka I'd bought him, mixed with cheap cigarettes and almost gagged. But his kissing was clumsy, inexperienced, and it made my mastering of his mouth all the sweeter.

Just as abruptly, I let him go and he fell back against the car seat, panting.

"I think I drank too much," he complained softly.

"You will not be sick in my car." I warned him in a low voice, and changed gears, pulling us out of the carpark.

I took a sideways glance at the boy's eyes, which were closed against the car's movements, and it worried me.

"Cody," I said clearly, and his eyes snapped open. "Unzip my fly."

He gasped, his dizziness instantly forgotten, and with skinny, trembling hands he reached over to do as he was told.

His leaning over the gear-shift made me glad for the first time that I'd bought the automatic. I kept one hand on the wheel but lifted the other to rest across his shoulders, giving him better access. Within a few seconds, he accomplished his task, slipped a hand into the open entrance, and I felt his warm hands grasp my cock with an almost painful grip. He was watching me but I kept my eyes on the road, and only when he gave my growing member a few tentative strokes did I look at him.

"Suck me," I ordered, and the boy's eyes widened so much he looked ghoulish.

I returned my eyes to the road, but he was hesitating so I moved my hand from his shoulder to the back of his head and pushed his face closer to my eager organ. He was resisting the order, his head pushing back against my hand slightly.

"Now," I growled, and all resistance from Cody melted away as his soft lips wrapped themselves around the head of my cock, making it jump.

I lowered my hand to the back of his neck, and gently massaged the skin behind his ears while his warm tongue explored the head of my cock. Suddenly I felt teeth graze the underside of my shaft sharply, and I hissed, squeezing the skin under my fingers and pulled the boy off me by the back of his neck.

"Keep your teeth to yourself," I seethed at him, taking my eyes off the road for a second to give him a stern glare.

"I'm sorry," he stuttered wide-eyed, his hands braced against my thigh, "I- I didn't mean to."

Part of me wanted to stop the car and kick the boy out, but another, wiser part of me realised what his mistake meant.

"You've never done this before, have you?" I asked, letting a mean sneer show.

Cody blushed and looked at his hands.

"No," he whined softly.

I laughed to myself then, and relieved him of the pinching pain my fingers were causing.

"Then I'll teach you how. Start again."

Cody dropped his face down to my crotch again and dipped his tongue out to gently lap around the head of my cock. The kitten licks were sweet and soft, the trademark move of a beginner.

"Take it in," I urged, and again the wet heat of his mouth enclosed my rigid cock. "Flatten your tongue and press the tip to your bottom lip," I instructed.

Cody did so, and my free hand moved down to the far side of his throat. There, I rubbed small circles under his adam's apple, forcing him to swallow and his mouth to produce more saliva. I could feel the build-up of it around my cock, the wetness providing Cody with the lubrication he was going to need.

"Relax," I murmured, and Cody leaned in closer to me, his mouth slipping further down on my shaft.

Without him realising it I moved my hand back up to the back of his head and pushed him down as hard as I could. Everything around my excited cock tightened instantly, the muscles in Cody's throat convulsing as he gagged on me. Just as quickly I let him go and he came back off me sputtering and coughing.

Tears were spilled while he tried and failed to push his face away from my crotch with my hand still on the back of his head.

Driving was becoming increasingly difficult, but we'd reached the highway and I couldn't stop, so I pulled to the slow lane and lifted my foot slightly off the accelerator.

"Again," I commanded but Cody shook his head in my grasp, trying to twist away by bracing his hands against my thigh.

"No, I can't!"

"Again!" I ordered, louder this time and the boy whimpered, crumpling under the pressure my hand was putting on his head.

As soon as the head of my throbbing cock was encased by his trembling lips, I returned my attention to the soothing circles I was rubbing under his adam's apple.

"Relax your jaw," I said, and the boy moaned pitifully around my cock and the vibrations made me sigh in return.

This time, with one hand gripping the base of my cock and the other pressed helplessly against my thigh, Cody didn't wait for my hand at the back of his head and started sliding his mouth down around my cock, sucking hungrily until he was halfway down. As soon as I could feel the back of his throat he swallowed, trying not to gag, and started to come back up.

"No, Cody, keep going."

He moaned again, but it was muffled by my large cock restricting his airway. I was losing patience quickly, and brought my hand to the back of his head, inciting another whimper from him.

"Down," I ordered, and he slid his mouth further down my shaft.

He was going to gag, and soon, but I was close, his fear, enthusiasm and inexperience mixing with the amazing sensation of ravaging his mouth and throat. Taking what I wanted, and leaving him wanting was a huge turn-on. I pushed his head up and down on my cock a few times, thrusting up with my hips as we sped along the highway, until I felt my balls tighten. I pushed his head down as far as I could on my cock. His fingers dug into my thighs, and he was making distressed noises, but it only pushed me over the edge. I felt the first spasm as I unleashed my cum down his throat, every muscle around my meat squeezing desperately, struggling for air, sucking everything I pumped out instead. Spent, and struggling to keep my eyes open, I pulled his mouth off my over-sensitised cock. To my surprise, the boy was unconscious, his head rolled on my lap. Feeling a wave of panic, I pressed a finger under his nose and was granted a gentle exhalation. Smiling to myself out of different kinds of relief, I drove home.

With the car parked in the driveway, I gave the unconscious youth a quick glance as I moved him back into the passenger seat. I zipped my leather pants back up and got out. At the passenger side in a few strides, I opened the door wide. Still motionless, I felt around Cody's pockets until I found what I was looking for. Taking the wallet out of his coat pocket, I quickly scanned his ID card under the light of the front door. I was right; he was lying about his age but at least he was eighteen. I wondered mutely if he thought I'd have rejected him if he'd been honest about his age, which then made me wonder if he'd have rejected me if I'd told him my age.

I unlocked and opened the front door to my home and then returned to Cody. He still hadn't stirred, and I carefully returned his wallet to the correct coat pocket. Giving the dark street a furtive glance to make sure no prying eyes were nearby, I lifted the young man out of the car, nudged the door shut, and walked us into the house. He would have been light and easy to carry if it weren't for the oversized trench-coat and combat boots. Cody's eye make-up looked horrific. The drying tear trails through the black eye-shadow made him look like a sleeping raccoon in my arms and I moved with purpose through my house to the bathroom. Balancing carefully I switched the light on, bathing the white tiled room in a warm yellow glow.

"Where are we?"

Cody was looking up at me through watery eyes and I put him down on his feet.

"My home," I said, walking away to the shower.

I turned the taps until the water was hot enough to create billows of steam, and then started to undress. Cody watched me take my shirt and pants off, taking in every inch of my body from where he stood frozen in place.

"Cody."

The young man hadn't heard me tell him to undress the first time, but saying his name snapped him out of his stupor.

"Sorry, what?"

"Take off your clothes and get in the shower," I repeated and turned away, leaning on the tiled wall of the shower to watch him.

Blushing furiously and moving at a tormentingly slow pace, Cody took off one and then the other boot. I watched him mercilessly, and once he was completely naked, the black eye-shadow coupled with swollen, pink lips made him look incredibly comical. He had a good young body, broad across the shoulders and lean like me in the arms and legs, but shorter by about half a foot, and much paler. He stood like that, staring at his toes with his hands covering his privates, unwilling to move.

"Cody, come here," I said, dampening the commanding tone I'd been using with him all night, "get under the water," I added, gesturing to myself.

He looked at me uncertainly but tiptoed forward, and as soon as the heat of the water touched him he moaned appreciatively, pushing himself under the torrent to let it's heat soak into him. Slipping a hand around his bare waist, I pulled him close to me under the water and pushed myself against him so that his back was at the wall and our wet bodies were pressed against each other.

"Close your eyes," I ordered softly, and he obeyed, his cock twitching between us.

Dropping my gentle smile and giving the make-up the disgusted glare I'd been holding back all night, I lathered as much soap in my hands as I could and massaged it on his face, paying particular attention to his eyes. The bubbles quickly took on the dark tinge of the lifting eye-shadow and I pulled him into me and back under the shower-head and watched as the water washed the soap and make-up away.

"Much better," I murmured, tracing a finger from his temple to his jaw.

Cody stood still in my arms, his eyes closed to the torrent of water splashing his face and I kissed him then, pushing past his bruised lips with my tongue, ignoring his surprised gasp and his hardening erection. I slowly fucked his mouth with my tongue and gripped my hands around his arse, spreading his cheeks to run a finger down his exposed crack.

Shocked, he pulled back, but as we were still entangled, I followed him to the shower wall. Without the make-up on, I could now see the young, innocent face in front of me, his chocolate eyes pleading.

"Wait."

My eyes shone disapproval at the way his hands were pushing my chest back.

"What?"

"I haven't, I don't," he started, making me smile.

"Obviously, since your attempt at giving head was disastrous."

Cody's blush deepened but he didn't say anything.

"If you do what I tell you and follow direction nothing will hurt. But if I go too far tell me to stop and I will," I said gently, still raking my finger over his crack. 

He nodded but remained silent.

"Tell me you understand, Cody."

"I understand," he replied quickly, though his dark brown eyes were full of worry.

I nodded, but frowned at him. "If you ask me to stop, we stop completely and I'll take you home."

"I understand."

"Get out and dry off," I said, and turned the shower off. "Then join me in the bedroom."

I left him there, and towel in-hand walked to the bedroom. He could stew in his juices while I waited. I dried myself quickly and threw the towel over a chair. Sitting back against the headboard of my four poster canopy, I lazily looked over the items in my bedside drawer. I thought better than to scare him too quickly his first time and pulled only a small buttplug, lube, and a condom. I slicked the plug with lube, and then hid the tube with the condom under the pillow beside me and continued to wait, my patience starting to wear thin. Another minute passed, and I stood and strode to the doorway. Cody was standing in the hallway just out of view from the bed.

"What are you doing?" I barked, making him jump.

"N-Nothing!" 

"Come here," I directed, pointing at my feet, my other hand behind my back. 

He inched closer, closing the gap and I pulled him into me, pushing his head to my shoulder. He was clinging to me, his arms tight around my waist, his face pressed into my neck and I wondered how he'd ever managed to get as far as a nightclub.

"I'm going to count down from five. I want you to relax and breathe as deeply as you can with every count," I said, returning my hand to his arse.

He nodded into my neck, but didn't say anything.

"Five."

Cody breathed as deeply as he could and I put the hand holding the plug over one arse cheek, and rubbed a small circle against his virgin hole with my other. As he exhaled, I pressed him closer to me, and leaned back against the bedroom door.

"Deeper. Four."

Cody took another deep breath and relaxed further in my embrace. I continued stimulating his now well-oiled ring and pressed my finger very gently directly onto his twitching rosebud as I made circles.

"Three."

As he breathed in I pushed my finger into Cody's body until it was resting, squeezed tightly, just inside him. He tensed instantly but I left it there, unmoving, and when he instinctively relaxed on his exhale, I finally moved it slowly in and out. Goosebumps were raising up his backside.

"Two."

My finger continued to push in and out of Cody's sweet, tight hole as he breathed in as deeply as he could while trembling against me. Just as his inhale climaxed, I removed my finger and positioned the butt plug at his entrance. As he breathed out again I slid the small phallus into his body until the neck of it was nestled in his sphincter. 

"Oh god," he groaned into my shoulder, involuntarily rubbing against me.

"One."

But Cody hadn't heard. The buttplug was only a little longer and thicker than my finger but it was obviously more than he'd ever taken before.

"Breathe, Cody," I ordered softly.

I held the plug's base and made small circular motions that made him gasp and writhe in my arms. He was panting, his grip on my waist tightening. I pulled him back from me and stared into wide chocolate eyes.

"Relax," I ordered, holding his face in my hand. "Now."

Very soon, his fearful eyes glazed over, and Cody began breathing slowly again.

"Good boy," I smiled, and pulled his head to my shoulder again.

I was more than surprised he was able to fall into the lulled sense of acceptance so easily. Very gently I led him, wobbly-legged to the bed, and laid him down on his stomach over my lap so that his face was on my thigh but his legs were splayed out beside me.

Without any warning I brought a flat hand down against his arse cheek, and he jumped as the plug jostled inside him, his haze broken.

"What are you doing?" he whispered coarsely.

I smiled down at his wide eyes.

"I'm going to spank you until you make yourself cum."

"But, the- I don't-"

I didn't let him finish as I brought my hand down against his other arse cheek, making him yelp. There wasn't enough force to cause him pain, but the plug was being squeezed by his contracting anal passage every time.

"Stop, please."

I raised an eyebrow.

"Do you want me to take you home? I haven't hurt you, have I?"

Cody's whole body blushed.

"No, it just makes the thing move," he replied, wiggling his pinkening arse a little.

I played sudden understanding.

"Oh," I said, pushing the base of the plug rhythmically into him. "You mean this?"

"Ugh, yes," he hissed, throwing his head back and digging his fingers into my thigh as the plug was manipulated against his prostate gland.

"Does it feel good?" I asked, stopping the movement at once.

Cody's blush deepened.

"Yes," he said softly, not willing to look me in the eye.

"Tell me, what feels good?" I pressed, pulling his chin sideways to look at me.

"The thing in my arse feels good," he replied, his sweet eyes pleading with me while he bit his bottom lip.

"Do you want more?"

"Yes, please."

I held his chin firmly.

"Yes, please, Sir," I corrected.

"Yes, please, Sir," he repeated instantly.

I smiled, let his chin go and rested my hand on his arse again.

"Then do what I told you."

Cody nibbled his bottom lip more, considered me for a moment and then gave my cock a lengthy glance. 

As I raised my eyebrow at him I raised my hand, just in the peripheral of his vision and he whimpered in anticipation. I watched him tentatively wrap one of his slender hands around his own twitching member. And then Cody did something I wasn't expecting. Just as he took hold of his own cock his other hand sneaked over and grasped mine.
