 Conferences aren't the most sexy gatherings in the world, especially men-only ones. And that's what Gary found himself at that autumn: a conference with his fellow outdoor adventure goods salesmen. The firm supplied everything from tents and sleeping bags to knives; it was a man's world.

Gary decided to check out the other guests at the hotel to see if there were any available women. It was a quiet time of year, though, and the conference took up most of the hotel's rooms. He turned his attention to the staff: one or two of the receptionists were nice enough, but he had tried it on with receptionists before and there was something about them - maybe the high desk between you and them - that made it difficult.

The waitresses and female bar staff looked like a more likely source of comfort, so he flirted with some of them, but with only two days to do it in, he felt his subtle style was going to let him down on this occasion.

Anyway, what was so bad about not having sex for a short time? It was like the cooked breakfasts: just because you were in a hotel you felt you had to have more than the usual bowl of cereal. And just because you had the privacy and anonymity of an out-of-town hotel room, you thought you should be having private, anonymous sex.

Gary decided to grow up a bit and concentrate on his career. He would drink moderately, be bright and attentive during the seminars and with the guest speakers, and generally try to catch the big bosses' eyes without apparently trying.

And so it was that at lunchtime on the first day he was joined at his table by the head of sales. George was a tall, heavy-set man with thick black hair and a short, neat beard. He introduced himself and the two got chatting about work, about Gary's Norfolk patch and about the hotel and the attractive, peaceful country setting.

George was good company and they passed a pleasant half hour together.

The afternoon was new-products time, with practical demonstrations of assembling this and packing that away. Standard conference stuff, and the time passed quickly.

For dinner, the arrangement was that you had either opted to eat in the hotel both nights or elected to play it by ear with the local restaurants. Gary had chosen the latter and so, while many of his colleagues headed for the dining room, he found himself almost alone in the bar. Then George came in, slapped him on the back and said, "So, you're one of the lone wolves, eh?"

"Yeah," Gary replied. "I always like to have a look at the area."

Having enjoyed each other's company at lunchtime - although not mentioning that - they decided to venture out together into the village a mile or so away, where there were apparently several places to eat.

The taxi dropped them outside a pub and they had a couple of pints of the local beer with roast beef and Yorkshire pudding, the star attraction from a small menu, but nicely cooked and the atmosphere was friendly. When they had both finished they moved onto brandies and then suddenly George looked at his watch.

"Shit, I forgot," he said. It was Saturday night and there was football on TV. They ordered a taxi, threw the last of the brandy down their throats and headed back to the hotel.

"I've got a bottle of Scotch," George said, so they went to his room. The football came on and they sat and watched it while the Scotch disappeared glass after large glass.

When the football finished, with nothing else they fancied watching, George brought out his laptop. They sat together at the little desk in the expensive hotel room and George looked up MMF. A short clip showed them two men taking turns with a girl before one of them went down on the other.

Gary shifted uneasily in his seat.

"I don't know about you," George said, standing up, "but I get horny in hotel rooms." He took off his shirt to real a broad, shapely chest covered in thick black hair. Gary froze as George sat on the bed and removed his shoes and socks. He looked away for a second and when his eyes returned to the scene, George was naked and playing with his cock.

Gary wrestled with himself in his thoughts. It looked as if George was trying to seduce him. First, did he want that? A weak, trembling yes. Wouldn't it complicate the rest of the conference? A weak, trembling probably. Was he going to go along with it anyway? A hesitant, cock-surging yes.

George was standing behind Gary's chair.

"Have you ever had sex with a man?" he asked softly.

"Sort of," Gary admitted. He had had brief and unsatisfying fumbles with several guys he had met on gay websites. He wanted to do it properly, and he needed a confident, respectful, assertive man to help him.

"Would you sort of like to lie on the bed with me?" George said. Gary stood up and, taking a deep breath, walked to the bed and undressed. His lightly haired, pale but taut body contrasted with George's furry bulk.

"Top or bottom?" George asked.

"I haven't really decided," Gary replied, and George smiled knowingly.

"I think you want to suck my cock," George said, wrapping the fingers of his right hand around his thick, firm shaft. "You might even want to lick my arse." He looked at Gary steadily. "I want you to suck me, Gary."

Gary fell to his knees and put his face against George's hairy stomach. He liked it down there. This was going to be different. This was going to be it. He took George's sturdy, chunky cock in his mouth and felt his balls. He liked the feeling of that big, bulbous, smooth head in his mouth. His hands moved involuntarily around to George's buttocks, which he hoped he would be further encouraged to visit soon. He gently squeezed the man's butt cheeks.

"Wank me," George said firmly, and Gary complied. He had surrendered completely and now wanted to do whatever he was told, provided it was dirty, degrading and regrettable.

Gary was not disappointed. George turned around and climbed onto the bed.

"Rim me,' he said. "Lick my arse. You want to, don't you? Don't worry, this will remain out secret. Tell me you want to lick my arse."

"Oh god," Gary said. "I want to lick your arse so much."

He approached the kneeling bull, the hairy, strong monolith, with equal parts trepidation and excitement. He held George's waist as he placed his face in the zone and plunged his tongue in a man's arsehole.

Gary loved it. He loved the clean but natural smell and he loved the taste. But most of all he loved the thought of what he was doing. And he enjoyed the grunts and groans of pleasure coming from his owner.

"Fuck you're good at that," George said. "Are you ready to be fucked?"

"I've never done it before," Gary said nervously. "But I want you to fuck me, yes, I do."

"Kneel on the edge of the bed, on all fours," George said, taking something from the bedside drawer. He applied lube to Gary's hole and pushed a finger into it. He slid it up and down.

"Okay?" he said tenderly. Gary grunted.

George added a second finger and worked them in and out of Gary.

"Does that feel good?"

"Feels fucking incredible," Gary said.

"Okay," George said. "Now you are going to feel what it's like to have a cock up your arse."

Gary tried to relax, which he had read was important. George was going to fuck him doggy-style. George held his waist and then put a hand on the small of his back as his large penis pushed amazingly through Gary's anus. Gary gave a slight yelp and George withdrew a little and then pushed back in, back up inside Gary's dark tunnel. Pleasure and pain flooded Gary's brain. It was an incredible feeling and he wished he had experienced it before. He was certainly going to experience it again. This man, this big, dark, hairy man was fucking him. His arsehole had been invaded and this big, bad, beautiful tool was stretching his insides and thrilling him with every thrust, every ebb and flow.

George pumped faster and faster, deeper, and then with a growl he pushed further than ever and shot his spunk into Gary's interior. Panting and groaning, George withdrew and his seminal fluid trickled out of Gary's hole.

Sensing Gary's request, George said, "You can cum in my crack." He knelt obligingly and Gary masturbated quickly, shooting his cum into the hairy valley.

He immediately felt ashamed, now that the fog of lust had cleared, but as they wiped themselves up, Gary soon realized there was nothing to be ashamed of. He had had an incredible sensual experience; he had been on the receiving end for the first time and he had loved it. He looked at George's masculine body and considered his masterful care. He wasn't going to develop emotions for this guy, but he was certain he wanted the whole thing all over again.