 Donna and I had lunch together on Thursday, as we always do, but as we arrived back at the store, this time things were different. 

We talk about anything and everything when we get going. Life, sports, cooking and even sex. But I couldn't help but think that this time I'd said too much. I didn't think so at the time, because she's so easy to talk to that I feel comfortable saying anything to her about anything. But as I was driving home, I wished I'd held back a little.

Let me back up. I LOVE women. I love everything about them. Their voices, their smell, their curves, their hair, their lips, all of it. Donna has all of that in spades, (oh yea and HUGE tits to boot) and she knew I thought so. But she's married. And I respect the hell out of that. I do. Really. She loves the man she married as much now as she did when she agreed to become his wife 20 years ago. 

But back to me. I've never had sex with any human being that wasn't female. However, that doesn't mean I haven't thought about it. I've had this notion for so long now, that I can't begin to remember when it first germinated. Somehow, the idea of giving a blowjob crept into my fantasies and has only gotten stronger as the years have passed. I've read stories about it. I've watched porn from a different perspective thinking about it. It's even been in my dreams from time to time. It almost happened at a friend's house one night. But it just didn't. That's a story for another time.

This will sound like I'm in denial about myself, but I'm not what I would consider gay.

I'm not physically attracted to guys. Men don't turn my head when I'm working. (I work at a grocery store.) Women do. And believe me, the talent level of the female clientele where I work gives me a mild case of whiplash on a daily basis. Guys just don't do it for me that way. 

But there is no denying that I am attracted to what is between a guy's legs. I think hard cocks are sexy as hell. Beautiful even. And I stopped trying to ignore this years ago. But what to do about it. Nothing. Absolutely not a thing. Fantasy fodder, nothing else. Too much stigma attached if anyone found out. Chickenshit? Hell yea it's chickenshit. But it is what it is.

Anyway... I told Donna about my fantasy. She looked at me for a minute with an expression I couldn't read. Then she took my hand in her's and told me how much it meant to her that I

felt comfortable enough to share that with her. I didn't look at her for a moment. She put her hand under my chin to raise my face. She looked like she was going to tear up. I melted. 

I think you can see why I didn't think it was such a bad idea at the time. She's always had this ability to put me at ease even in the most uncomfortable of situations. It's one of her most endearing qualities, among many.

The next day at work she acted the same way she always does. Funny, silly and friendly. Totally putting me at ease.

The work week progressed and it became Thursday again. I had calmed down to the point of almost forgetting what I had confided to her a week ago.

We finished lunch and were in the car when she dropped a bomb on me.

"I have a confession to make"

"OK" I said uneasily.

"I told someone about your fantasy"

"You did what?" My heart leapt into my throat.

She put her hand on mine.

"He wants to help"

I was speechless.

"Actually, I want him to help, and he loves me very much, so he said he would."

My mind raced. "You told your husband?"

"Yea, and he wants to help." She repeated. "You know we've been in a sexual rut for ever now it seems. We had a long talk the other night, and we agreed that this might be the shake up we've been looking for. Are you in?

Again I was speechless. I couldn't think of a reason to say no, and I really tried. But he doesn't work with us, so that weirdness would be avoided. I'd never even met him. I was a jumble of thought processes going nowhere when Donna said, "Please be OK with this. I want you to be able to live out your fantasy. I want to help you do that. I want to be a part of that for you. You have been such a good friend for so long. I know how attracted you are to me and that I can't do anything for you that way. PLEASE let me make this happen for you."

This woman. This wonderful, amazing woman. So easy to see why her husband would do anything for her. Even something like this. Something most men probably wouldn't do if they had a gun to their temple.

"Yes." Was all I could muster.

She beamed from ear to ear.

Their bedroom was small but cozy, king size bed with lots of pillows and a padded chair at the foot of it, at an angle, and a pillow on the floor in front of the chair. The noise of a running shower stopped, making me aware of it for the first time. My heart skipped a beat because I realized it was David.

I was still standing in the doorway as Donna said "C'mon in Bill"

I laughed nervously, and stepped into their room. She led me to the foot of the bed and patted it for me to sit down.

"Are you OK?"

"Yea, I'm fine. Just nervous I guess."

"Nervous excited I hope. Not nervous like 'I want to run away' nervous."

"Excited. Definitely excited. I'm not going to run. My heart is beating so fast, if I tried to run, I'd probably pass out anyway"

She laughed as the door to the bathroom opened. David stepped out, wrapped in a towel, and turned off the bathroom light. He smiled and walked over to the chair.

"David, Bill, Bill, David" she introduced us for the first time.

"Thanks for agreeing to this." I said

"It was her idea and I love her so much that I said I would" 

He sat down in the chair and looked at Donna who started to take off her clothes. She was only wearing a t-shirt and shorts, so the strip-tease wasn't much of a tease. No panties, but a bra remained. I looked at David whose eyes were riveted on his wife. I decided to follow suit and watched her remove her last piece of clothing. 

The idea of giving David a blowjob was as exciting for me as was seeing Donna's tits for the first time without clothing. They are huge. They have to be a 40 plus inch bust line and D cups at least, maybe double D. I had admired them for so long at work and the sight of them nude was indescribable. She was obviously proud of them as she stood there modeling them for us. She turned to face David and bent down. Her ass was at my face when she made a quick move. As she stood up again, she held the towel that had been wrapped around her husband's torso. She turned to me and grinned from ear to ear. 

"Do you like what you see?"

What I could see, was a woman I had lusted after for MANY years standing before me completely nude. As many times as I had tried to imagine her naked, nothing could compare with the real thing. She was a vision of sexual desire. Curvy, gorgeous, lovely. Unbelievable. 

And her husband, sitting in that chair, his cock hard and ready for me. It was beautiful. I have thought that a man's dick was a thing of beauty for so long, and now I was in front of one that quite literally took my breath away. It was, I guess, about 8 inches or so. I wasn't sure how big around it was, but I couldn't wait to find out. I have given head to MANY guys in my imagination. But now I was about to do it for real.

"Yea." was all I could manage, overwhelmed by the view before me.

I assumed he was hard from the show Donna had just given us, but I hoped that he was excited about what I was about to do to him. What guy doesn't love getting head? She looked at me and jerked her head toward her husband. I moved off the edge of the bed and started to kneel down in front of David when I heard Donna clear her throat. 

Realizing suddenly that I was the only one in the room with clothing still on I stood up and removed my shirt and shorts and underwear, in what seemed like one motion. I was as hard as I have ever been. Donna made a noise at the sight of my dick that seemed like a gasp. I have never thought that I was all that big, but looking at David's, mine was definitely bigger. I really think that the situation caused the reaction more than anything. My eyes found the pillow at David's feet again and I went to my knees.

Donna moved back on their bed and looked at me expectantly. I looked at her and smiled and looked back at David. He was looking at his wife and I guessed that he didn't want to look at me as I went down on him. I understood this. The situation was strange for him, but I was so grateful that he had agreed to let this happen that I was determined to make him very glad that he had.

I now was able to look at his cock up close. It was amazing. What a lucky woman Donna was to have this thing at her beck and call. The head of it was plum-like and perfect. Jutting out from his pelvis in a way that was sexy beyond words. I touched it for the first time, putting my hand around it, feeling his heartbeat through it. It was warm and inviting as I moved my mouth closer to it.

Donna had her legs spread and was working her pussy when I looked at her again. She raised her head and looked at me as I kissed the drop of pre-cum that had formed at the tip of his cock. I worked my tongue all around the head, back into the tip and all around the head again before suddenly stopping. 

He was hard as steel and soft as skin, what an incredible sensation this was! My hand worked him up and down until another, bigger drop of pre-cum emerged from the tip of his cock. I heard Donna moan rather loudly as I kissed his cock-head again. The slightly salty drop of nectar from David's cock was pure ecstacy for me. I couldn't believe this was happening, but it really was.

I pulled myself away from my prize to look at it again. He was throbbing now, in time with his heartbeat. His cock was so beautiful. I couldn't believe that this was my first. What a lucky guy I was to be on my knees for him. My own cock was swelled to bursting as I pushed his cock-head past my lips again, this time taking him deep. I couldn't take too much of him into my throat because of the size of his dick, so I settled for about half of it at a time as I fucked him with my mouth. 

I closed my eyes to focus on the sensation of what I was doing. This was so much better than what I had imagined. His cock felt wonderful in my mouth. I could have sucked him for hours. A moan escaped from me around his cock causing me to open my eyes again. I was so turned on by what I was doing I couldn't stand it. I had the distinct feeling that I might be about to ejaculate. My cock pulsed and I came on the pillow in front of me! The stimulation of giving head to another man had been enough to make me cum! Unbelievable! 

I was the only one who knew that I had cum, so I just kept working David's prick in my mouth, hoping the pillow covers weren't too expensive! I didn't want this to end but I thought I could sense David getting close. I moved my head slightly to get a look at Donna. She was working her clit with wild abandon. What an amazing sight that was. A beautiful woman in sexual ecstacy is something. A beautiful woman in sexual ecstacy at the sight of her husband being sucked off by another man is something else. 

I returned my attention to David's cock as I heard Donna start to cum. Her moaning getting louder only spurred me on toward achieving David's climax. His cock felt so amazing sliding in and out of my mouth. My head bobbing on his cock with increased urgency. I was in heaven, my head getting light, my heart pounding, my cock beginning to get hard again. Donna's climax subsided and I was vaguely aware of her rising from the bed to watch me finish getting her husband off. I was in such a state of euphoria that I was barely aware that David had put his hands on the back of my head, lightly, not forcefully, as his cock spasmed. 

I pushed the head of his cock toward the back of my throat as he began to cum. Jet after jet of his sperm shot down the back of my throat. I was so light-headed that I thought I might faint. He came and came, moaning forcefully as he did. I never gave any thought to not swallowing him. I wanted to more than anything. For me. For him. For Donna. He eventually stopped and I reluctantly pulled my mouth off of his cock and leaned back.

"Thank you." I said, first to David, then to Donna. "Thank you so very much, really. I, I don't know what else to say. Thank you"

"That was incredible" they both said at the same time, and laughed.

Donna said, "You're welcome of course. And thank you. That was SO hot! I haven't cum like that in a while. And speaking of cumming, um, you're still hard."

"Uh, actually, hard again. There's a mess on your pillow."

Donna laughed. "Couldn't keep your hands off it could you. Don't worry about it. I'm sure it'll wash out."

"OK" I said with a smile. "But that's the amazing part, I didn't even touch myself, I just came. That's never happened before, while I was awake at least. But then again, what I just did had never happened before either. A night of firsts I guess."

"Wow." She said. After a pause she spoke to David. "You OK hun?"

"I'm fine. Bill, that was fantastic. Truly. I never imagined it could be that good. It was weird at first, but she was enjoying herself so much that I guess I just gave myself over to it."

He stood up and fell on the bed beside Donna.

"Baby, I love you more than life itself. You know that. Thank you for helping me see that this might add the right spice to our sex life. I think it worked because all I can think about it splitting you in two the next time we fuck." Donna's smile said it all. They kissed passionately and I stood up looking for my shorts.

"Bill, are you, you know, OK?" Donna said, looking at my dick and back to my face again.

"Never better, but thanks for the concern. I'll be fine. I want some time to process and reflect. Next time?" I said expectantly.

"Next time?" She said, seeking approval from from David who was already nodding.

"Next time, absolutely."