 Looking back on it now, it's hard to believe that age 27 I had never been fucked by another man. As a kid I'd had the usual sexual experiences with neighborhood boys but it never progressed any further than jacking each other off, or maybe licking another boy's maturing prick. In high school sex with girls was the goal of all the guys. Even so, the sex play with a couple close friends continued; secret and limited by the fear of being labeled a "homo" or a "fag" by the entire school. At college wild partying and keeping up the fraternity image led to sex with quite a few women. Although I occasionally found another guy attractive, or sexually stimulating, I had never taken action on my secret desires. My favorite uncle being banished from my family when he came out to my parents showed me I could never allow myself to be gay.

I met an incredible woman in college. Following graduation we moved into together and after two years we were married. We had a great sex life; I'd married my best friend and I thought the gay "demons" of my past had been beaten. Almost two years after being married I realized I'd made a big mistake. The fear of being disowned by my family and friends had suppressed any desires for men, but only temporarily. I found myself being attracted to many men - and often those I was attracted to would make passes at me. I began to explore the gay side of myself in bars, bookstores and bath houses. The experiences only made me feel worse about the double life into which I was falling, but I was becoming increasingly aware of the fact I was a gay man.

Although I'd had been jacking off with other men, and had my moments as a cocksuckee and cocksucker, I had never taken a cock up my ass. The thought scared me more than it excited me. Having seen my share of porno movies at a local gay movie theater, I actually thought the scenes of huge hard cocks going into tight little assholes were trick photography. I couldn't image something that big fitting into something so small. It had to be like sticking a square peg into a round hole. The guys in the porno flicks seemed to be totally thrilled with having their asses pounded. Having had nothing more than a finger up my ass I thought anything bigger would rip me in two. There was no way I could possibly enjoy it.

It was late in the summer and I was spending the afternoon at a nearby nude beach. The section of the beach farthest from the parking area was known as the gay beach, so I thought I'd walk the extra distance and check things out. Being late in the season, not a lot of guys were out enjoying the afternoon rays. I spread out my towel, lifted my tank top over my head and dropped my shorts. I laid down on my stomach and fell asleep in the warmth of the sun.

Some time later the vibration of someone walking nearby startled me awake. I lifted my head and saw a well-built guy with dark brown hair, and an all-over tan on his cute ass, walking away. He looked back over his shoulder, smiled at me, and kept walking until he disappeared over a sandy knoll. Just watching him walk away got the juices stirring in my cock and I had to lift my hips up to re-adjust things. Resting on my elbows I watched as several other guys, of various bodies types and builds, walked up and down the beach totally nude.

After a while I decided to go for a walk myself. Having come to this beach for several years I was totally comfortable being nude and around other naked men. I certainly had learned I had nothing to be ashamed of in the cock or body department. I always seemed to attract my share of attention in the natural setting of the beach. And, if my cock was constantly semi-hard, it didn't embarrass me or seem to bother the other guys.

I'd walked about five minutes up the beach when I noticed I was nearing another guy laying on the beach. It was the guy who had strolled past me earlier, now reclining on a bright colored towel and leaning against an old log that had washed up on the sand. This time I got a frontal view of his chiseled facial features, well-defined chest (with just the right amount of hair) and muscular legs. His head was thrown back, resting on the log, and with his eyes closed his was beating a hard nine inch cock for all it was worth. He was lost in his own world of the warm sun, light breeze and water lapping at the river's shore. Suddenly aware of my presence, he stopped stroking his meat and busied himself in his embarrassment by pretending to look for something in his gym bag while he attempted to hide his hard-on.

Coming upon the scene had caused my own cock to jut straight out from my crotch and I'm sure he noticed how his performance had affected me. I just said "hello" and kept walking up the beach. However, I couldn't get his hard meat out of my mind. I could feel the cum churning within my balls and the blood was pulsing into my shaft. I found a secluded spot near a tree and stood jerking myself in the sun of the late afternoon. I'd bring myself to the point of exploding, stop and start the procedure all over again. Being nude in the outdoors had always been a sexual thrill for me - and the thought of the guy beating his own meat down the beach, and the sun warming my entire nude body, just added to the sensuality of the experience

After a few minutes of jerking off I decided to head back toward my towel down the beach. Again, as I rounded the bend, I could see the hunky guy stroking his cock. However, from its glistening in the sun, I could tell his hard shaft had now been coated with oil. As he pounded the purple rod up and down, his other hand was rubbing his muscular chest and occasionally tweaking his dark nipples. With his eyes wide open, it seemed as if he was focusing directly on me as I neared him. He didn't stop the motion on his prick as I neared. It was hypnotizing to watch this incredibly handsome man giving himself such pleasure.

I could feel myself getting harder the closer I got to the guy. My hand wrapped around my pulsing meat and I began stroking in unison with him. I stopped a few feet from him and continued to jerk myself off and massage my balls. Then I just walked up to this sitting figure, placed one leg on each side of his body and directed my meat to his mouth. He opened his lips, without saying anything, and took my entire shaft in his mouth. He brought his hands up to the globes of my ass and grabbed them as hard as possible. With his strong arms he began to pull my hard prick in and out of his mouth.

Just then a well-built black guy came walking out of the trees massaging his own cock. He came within about 30 feet and stopped to watch; never ceasing the movement of his own hand. I took a handful of my cocksucker's hair and quickened the movement in and out of his oral cavity. Having an audience was bringing me to the brink of shooting my load. I felt one of my sex partner's hands leave my ass and heard him rustling around in his gym bag. A few seconds later a cool lube-covered finger was massaging rings around my asshole. Slowly one finger entered my hole and he continued the circular motion inside me sending waves of pleasure directly to me prick. He worked another finger into my ass, continuing to loosen my virgin orifice. A popping sound emanated from my ass as both fingers were quickly pulled from inside my body. My butthole was left feeling strangely empty.

Our black voyeur had now been joined by a tall lanky blond and a stocky young Italian. The two new additions were licking and sucking every inch of his ebony skin as they tried to continue watching the two of us going at it. A noise to my left caused me to turn quickly and see yet another visitor - an incredibly handsome older man with a dark tan, and gray hair on his head and his blocky chest. He too was pounding a sizable piece of manmeat as he took in the scenery.

The mouth on my purple shaft pulled away. Two hands then rested on my hips and began to pull my body down into a squatting position over the erect pole I was to be impaled on. I was staring directly into the beautiful dark eyes of the fascinating man who was going to be the first to enter my ass. A smirk crossed my face and I let out a little laugh as I thought of two spaceships docking while the dripping head of his pulsing prick made contact with my twitching hole. He continued to pull my body down onto his, forcing the bulb of his cock to begin stretching my anus. The pain was approaching unbearable as he spoke for the first time, "Relax and push out with the muscles of your ass."

I did as I was told as his mouth covered mine, muffling the scream I wanted to release over the sandy beach. I was no longer paying attention to any of the men surrounding us. The center of my thoughts and entire being were focused on my rectum as it gobbled up more and more of the intruder within me. I could feel each inch of the glorious flesh as it slid toward its final destination. His tongue wrestled with my own until he could lower my body no longer. The hairs around the base of his cock were tickling my ass. I broke away to let out a huge sigh at the realization all of this man was inside me. Flexing the muscles of my rectal walls, I could feel the pulsing of his organ.

Taking another deep breath, I looked over to the trio of hunky men enjoying each other nearby. The black stud, rubbing his own chest and abs, had his head tilted back and seemed to be staring directly into the sun. His skin was glowing in the sunlight from the sweat of an intense sexual escapade. The stocky guy was on his knees behind the perfect physical specimen, with his head buried in the crevice of a bubblebutt, munching away in a frenzy. In front of the black guy, the blond had taken a similar position and was attempting to ingest a huge black pillar of meat. Glancing to my left I found the sexy older man reclined on the sand very near to us. A couple of his fingers were lost in his own ass and he maintained a steady rhythm on his dick with the other. He was obviously enjoying the show. 

Almost involuntarily I began to raise my body up and down the hard shaft inside of me. On the down-stroke the cock was lifted up to meet my ass. My entire body was being massaged by two strong thick hands. Every so often my nipples would be pinched and twisted. I finally gave myself some relief by beginning to jerk myself off in time to the pounding my ass was getting. In something similar to a wrestling maneuver I found myself spun around and on all fours, without losing the cock in my ass. The fucking I was getting became harder and faster. Wanting more and more of this man's meat in me, I dropped my head and shoulders to his blanket, sticking my ass higher up in the air to meet his invasion. He was animal-like in the intensity of our coupling. Sweat began to drip from his body onto mine. I continued the flexing of my ass muscles around the hot shaft, trying to milk more of it into me. My own cock was being rubbed raw by my vigorous stroking. For the first time I was aware of the grunts and moans coming from the two of us. Basic primal instincts seemed to be erupting within me as I drank in the pleasure of the most masculine act I had ever experienced.

He lowered his torso onto my back and wrapped his arms tightly around my chest. Then he began chewing on my neck and ear lobes, sending new jolts of a combined pain and pleasure through me. Speaking again, he said, "I'm going to blast you full of my cum." I kind of grunted a response as I felt my own jism reaching the boiling point. With a guttural cry he lifted his body off of mine and plunged into me so hard I almost lost my balance. Hot white liquid began blasting out of my rock-hard cock, covering my chest, chin and the blanket beneath me. With each pounding of my hole more cum squirted out.

Finally we collapsed together onto the soaked blanket. His mouth found my ear and he whispered, "Thank you." 

I answered with, "No, no. Thank you." Just then we were both covered with a shower of hot man juice. Lost in my first fucking, neither one of us had noticed that all four of our visitors had moved closer and circled us. Almost all at once they were spraying their loads over our exhausted bodies adding a finale to a most memorable afternoon at the beach.

Our audience disappeared back into the surrounding trees and bushes as quickly as they had arrived. We ran down to the river and splashed all the evidence of our sex off each other. I was given a gentle kiss on the lips and my muscular lover walked away without giving me his name. Over the years, on return trips to the beach, I often laid my towel on the familiar spot and dreamt of the man I never saw again. However, I have always remembered that day on the beach with great fondness.