 It was my first days after I got to college. I shared a dorm room with Paul. Luckily we seemed to get along with each other. Paul had dark hair and I guess you could say he was handsome as well. Normally I wear my briefs when I was sleeping. I had drifted off, but I guess wasn't in a deep sleep. I thought I heard a voice in the room. I looked over at Paul's bed.

There he was lying on top of the covers. Paul was naked and he was working his hand up and down his cock. I never gave much thought to other guys. I was interested in females when I was in high school. However the sight of Paul stroking his dick was getting me excited. I must have stirred some because Paul looked over towards me. Our eyes met as I looked from his dick up to his face. Paul motioned for me to come over to him.

Man, I didn't want to do what he wanted, but there was his thick cock just a few feet away. I pulled the covers away and walked over to Paul.

"Suck on my cock, Rob," he pleaded with me.

I had never done anything like that before. I do admit my cock was growing inside my underwear. Paul reached out and took me by my arm. I was now sitting on the edge of Paul's bed looking down on his erection. Something changed just then. I reached out and took his cock in my hand. I slowly worked up and down his dick. Paul urged me again to suck him. I looked at that cock and I lowered my face.

At first I didn't really know what to do. I placed my lips around the head of his dick. Paul let out this moan. I guess I must have been doing it right. I then started to bob up and down his shaft. I didn't take too much into my mouth as I started to gag. I had to admit that Paul tasted kind of earthy. We both started to get into it. Paul brought his hips up and more of cock went sliding into my throat. I was still gagging somewhat, but I was getting used to his cock.

After going slow at first, Paul began to feed me faster. Paul told me to massage his balls. I reach with my other hand and cupped his sacs. They felt heavy and large. There was lots of noise coming from Paul now. I didn't know how long I should keep doing this. Paul solved the problem for me. I felt his body stiffen and then Paul shot his cum load into my mouth.

I wanted to pull away, but Paul put one of his hands on the back of my head. He held me in place as he shot one stream after another down my throat. I couldn't do much but swallow his hot cream down. It took a few minutes for Paul to finally finish cumming. He pulled his hand away and I pulled away from his spent dick. I looked down and watched as the last drops of cum came out from the tip of Paul's cock.

I hated to admit it, but I had gotten so turned on by the whole experience. My cock was pressing against the material of my briefs.

"Thank you Rob, that was so hot!" Paul told me.

Paul then asked me if I had ever thought about anal sex. I said no. I told him it was dangerous and probably very painful. Paul said it could be pleasurable if you went slow at first. Paul said he had never used a rubber when making love to a man. It felt so much better with skin rubbing against skin. I had my doubts about all of this. That was when Paul got up from the bed and pulled me up as well. His hands went to the band of my undies and he pushed them to the floor.

I don't quite know how he did it, but Paul was soon on top of me as we got onto Paul's bed. Paul was kissing my cum stained lips and he was grinding his cock against mine. It didn't take much for Paul to get hard, I had to give him credit. Our erect cocks were pushing and grinding together. All I knew was that I had never felt like this before. Paul had gotten me all wound up and horny.

Paul pushed his way between my legs. I soon felt his cock pressing against my opening. I didn't want him to do that. Paul had other ideas. I felt the tip of his cock invading my ass.

"Let me fuck you Rob," Paul was whispering into my ear.

I don't know what came over me that night. I pulled my legs up and Paul began to push into my hole. It did hurt like I thought it would. Paul did manage to go slow at first. He was working slowly to fill my bottom with his thick rod. It took some time, but I eventually felt Paul's balls resting against my ass cheeks. He was able to push every inch of his dick into me. From there Paul began to feed me his cock. I have to say he worked me into a frenzy. I wanted him now. I can hardly believe I am saying those words.

Paul was pounding me hard. Skin was hitting skin as Paul fed me with long, deep strokes. Somehow I was taking all he had to offer. I can say now after all was said and done, I wanted Paul to keep his cock in me and fuck me however he wanted. I wish I knew how long we did it that steamy night. Paul seemed to fuck me forever. Eventually I felt Paul's body stiffen. He ended up having more cum to give me.

Paul blasted his sticky cum into my greedy asshole. God help me, I ended up milking him dry. There may not have been as much cum as when I first sucked his cock, but I felt his steamy load in my belly. Paul kept pumping me with his dick and I used my muscles to squeeze the last drops of his cum out. After Paul finished, we had a passionate kiss together.

"How did you like man to man sex?" He asked me.

I knew I was going to want Paul again. I never thought I would ever say such a thing. Man sex was more passionate than I could have ever thought. Paul and I did have sex together the rest of that semester. I am not sure what happened at the end of that year. Maybe Paul got tired of me. We didn't live together the following school year. I ended up with my own apartment.

I looked back on that time I spent with Paul fondly. I now only have men as lovers these days. Right now I am looking forward to having my friend Jim fuck me this evening. Like Paul before, Jim takes me with his bare cock. It drives me crazy feeling his large member rubbing against my ass walls. I hope to write more about my gay experiences soon.