 Bourbon Street was hopping that night - loud music, strippers, beer and hurricanes, all of which I consumed with abandon. I remember little about what happened later that evening, but my buddies told me later that I was shaking hands with total strangers in Pat O'Brien's men's room, so they decided it was time to go. I remembered fighting off one of them trying to feel me up, but they were just trying to get my car keys. The last thing I saw was my car door opening.

The next thing I recall is my head falling down, but instead of hitting something hard it felt soft and cool. I realized then that I was lying in my bed. My eyes didn't work, and apparently neither did my body. I tried to move but I couldn't. At first I thought that I was paralyzed, but then I could feel someone pulling off my shoes and socks. I felt like a rag doll as my shirt was being pulled over my head. I tried to say something, but all I could do was mumble. I heard him cursing me and saying "you're stinking drunk, man, sleep it off."

Next he undid my jeans and struggled to get them off. Finally I felt the sheets being pulled up on my back. I heard my door latch click, and all was silent. He had left the small lamp on my desk turned on and through my hazy eyes the room appeared to be bathed in orange. Everything was fuzzy and out of focus. Then the room started swirling, and I passed out. 

I have no idea how long I had been sleeping or if I was sleeping at all. I can recall lying on my stomach, my face buried in the pillow. I was trying like hell to come to my senses but then remembered again that I was drunk. My mind started reeling again, and I dared not open my eyes for fear of being sick. 

Then I felt something. At first I thought I was imagining things or dreaming, but no, it was real. I felt a hand on my butt. It definitely was a hand rubbing my butt. I tried with all my might to rise up or turn over. No dice. I was out. My body didn't want to listen to orders. Again, I thought I was paralyzed, but I could feel that hand. Now it was two hands rubbing my cheeks. 

Shit, what was going on here? Am I dreaming? No way, I can really feel these things. I could recall my exam on Friday. I can remember volunteering to drive everyone to New Orleans. I must be awake. But what's happening to me? 

I felt cool air, and then I realized that my sheet was gone. But my mind kept returning to those hands running over my backside. Then I felt them grip my jockey shorts by the waistband and pull them down. Oh no! What am I going to do now? I've got to get up and stop this! I want to scream but nothing doing. I can't do a damn thing. 

My underwear is gone. There are the hands again rubbing my naked butt. One slips lower and lower into my crack. Finally he's touching my sac. It begins to tickle a bit, but the rubbing becomes a gentle squeeze. He grabs my right leg and moves it toward the wall causing my legs to spread apart. Again he caresses my balls. I'm waiting for him to go further. My dick! My mind screams at me, protect my dick! How? I'm wondering if I have a boner. Please don't let me have a boner. I'm hard as a rock.

He reaches up underneath me and rubs my dick with his hand. He slides his hand between me and the bed slowly and deliberately. Damn, that feels good. I can't believe that I'm getting off on this - a stranger in my room rubbing my dick and I can't do a damn thing about it. He continues rubbing for a little while. I hear myself moan. Then I hear him whisper, "That's it, c'mon. Uh hum, c'mon." I can't recognize his voice from the whisper; hell, I can barely hear him. 

Finally, he grabs my rod and slowly moves it downward between my legs. He continues rubbing the underside with a couple of fingers. His other hand is still on my ass. Then I feel something else on my butt. It's rough like sandpaper. What the hell is that? Goddam, he's rubbing his face on my ass! Then I feel him lick me. First he licks on one cheek, then the other. He continues licking and at the same time still rubbing my dick. I'm going wild and feel myself bucking inside. I know I'm not moving, but I sure think I am. Then he starts to lick inside my crack. Nuh uh, I don't want this. But I can't stop it. I can't believe he's doing this. He licks me from the base of my balls to the top of my butt crack. 

He keeps this up for a while then everything stops. I can hear movement but have no earthly idea what's going on. Maybe the asshole got his rocks off and went back to bed. Hell, it could be morning already. I have no idea what time it is. 

With a shock I feel his hands at my right leg. He moves it away from the wall and closes my legs together. Well, he must be finished. I wait for the sheet to be pulled back up, but I'm surprised to feel his hands at my side. He grabs me by my shoulder and thigh and forcibly pushes on me. What's going on? What's he trying to do? 

He does it. He has turned me over in my bed so that I'm lying on my back. I'm completely naked and showing him everything I've got. I want to open my eyes so bad but I can't even manage to do that. I want to see who my attacker is, but I just don't have the strength. All of my power seems to be focused between my legs. 

I can hear him whisper again, "Oooh, what a cock. You've got a beautiful dick, man. Mmmm, look how big and long." Then I feel him gently caress it with one hand and point it straight up. 

"It doesn't look like you're cut, man. I like that." he whispers again. Then I feel him slowly stroke my shaft. Up and down. Up and down. My mind is wild. I feel assaulted, but at the same time it feels fantastic! 

I then decide to let myself go. I've resigned myself to the pleasure; there's nothing I can do anyway. He's in complete control. And it just feels so damn good. He's jacking me off real smoothly. I know I'm bucking now. 

Then I feel his other hand taking my wrist and bringing it up to my chest. I don't know what he has in mind, but I soon find out. He takes my hand and brings it over to him, to his crotch. He makes my hand rub beneath his balls. I feel his sack on the back of my hand. He turns my hand over to touch his balls with my palm. He releases my dick and I feel a little dejected. But then he uses both hands to curl my fingers around his dick. I can't believe that I'm holding another guy's dick in my hand. Then he starts to pump back and forth. Finally I hold on with my own strength knowing that if I took some initiative he might let go of my hand and put it back on my dick. He does. I slowly pump him, somewhat erratically. And he's giving me an expert hand job. 

I feel like I'm going to cum any minute now. But I then feel him move, my hand falls away. I don't have the strength to hold him while he moves. He's still jacking me off, but he's moving somewhere. I felt something touch my lips, and I knew it wasn't his finger, either. My eyes popped open, but I immediately shut them tight as my lips parted and accepted his hard dick into my mouth. Never having had to suck a cock before I had no idea what I was being asked to do. I felt the head of his dick hit the roof of my palette. It was sloppy, I couldn't manage to close my mouth around it because of the angle, and I'm sure I was drooling around it. But he wasn't complaining. I felt him go in and out. I tried to suck a little, at least wrap my tongue around it. I can't recall exactly what I was doing, but he was moaning and groaning. I had a fear that he was going to cum in my mouth. I don't think I could handle that, and I knew that I would puke. But there was little I could do it stop it. 

Then he stopped humping my mouth. I felt him move and his dick almost slipped out of my mouth. He pushed himself forward a bit to keep himself inside. Then I felt something warm and moist on my own cock. He was tonguing me! Damn, that felt good, so warm, so comfortable. Then he closed his lips around my dickhead. He popped out of my mouth, but it seems he didn't care. I felt him pump on my on rod, his head bobbing up and down. Oh shit, I couldn't take much of this. I know he couldn't get all of me in his mouth so he just stayed sucking on the head, kind of popping it in and out of his lips. I felt my sac tightening and my dick starting to jerk. Then he started humming; the vibrations were terrific but that was it. I felt it surging from deep within me then bam! I started shooting, the semen was flowing like water. He kept sucking away. The feeling was awesome! When I was finished I felt him lick me. I jerked when he hit the sensitive spot on my glans. He was very gentle. 

Then I felt him stand up. He grabbed my hand again and placed it around his cock. He started to masturbate using my hand. I tried to pump him and could just barely manage. It didn't take long before I felt him shudder. Then I felt something warm on my chest. He had just shot off all over me. It hit my chin and neck and even my right arm. He moaned and then released my hand.   

All was quiet for a few minutes. Then I heard some movement and felt a warm cloth against my chest. He was wiping his cum off of me. He was so tender. When he was finished I felt him kiss me on my lips. That was the last thing I remembered. 

--- 

I didn't wake up until mid-afternoon the next day. My head felt like an anvil and the sunlight was the mallet striking it. My sight was fuzzy at best. I sat up slowly then realized that I was in my underwear. I never sleep in my drawers, I thought. Then images started coming back. It was a blur. Then I thought about the fantastic dream I had. How real it seemed. I felt my briefs to see if I had dried cum. Nope, nothing. I thought for sure I had just experienced the strangest wet dream I ever had. I made my way to my feet and staggered over to my chair. I sat down and immediately got a surprise, something cold laid across the back. I reached back a picked up a washcloth. The smell of spent sex was potent on the wet cloth. Oh God, it wasn't a dream. 

For the rest of the day my mind was preoccupied trying to determine who the intruder was in my room the night before. Was it a friend or a complete stranger? Everyone I saw that afternoon was suspect. My mind operated like it never had before. Every time I passed a guy in the hall I thought about him sucking my dick. What were my feelings toward him? Would I like him to do it again? That last was the most important question. There was no doubt that I enjoyed what happened, but would I want to do it again? Hoo boy, that's a toughie. 

At dinner I sat with a couple of buddies. I ate quietly while they talked basketball. All the time I kept trying to figure out how to bring up the subject. Man, I don't want them to think I'm a queer. But I gotta know who is. Who did this to me? What are they thinking about me? I look for a hint, a clue in their eyes. Nothing. 

The rest of the week was a tough one for me. I tried to concentrate on studies, no dice. Homework was useless. Every time I went in my room I kept thinking about what happened in that bed. Would it happen again? How could I make it happen again? Did I just say that? Yes, I really wanted it to happen again. 

Friday night was a swimming party for the dorm. It always turned into a beer bust and everybody got thrown into the pool. This one was no different. I went and drank my fill, being real careful not to overdo it. I didn't want to get snockered like last week. Shit, this was the weirdest pool party I ever went to. It was always a male-only gathering, but this time I was checking out all of the guys there, gauging the bulges in their suits. 

Finally I decided I had enough. I was going crazy out there and told my friends that I was turning in. They said they had enough, too. So we all walked back to the dorm. We joked and snapped towels at one another. Bryan said he had a date later on that evening and he was sure he was going to get some. He grabbed his crotch when he said that and the bulging meat underneath his suit made my heart jump. I couldn't believe I did that. 

A couple of guys broke off to go in their rooms and the rest of us continued down the hall. Quentin asked if I had a spare light bulb for his lamp. I said sure, but I'd have to dig for it. We went into my room and told the rest of the gang good night. I threw my towel on the chair and told Q to have a seat; I'd have to move some boxes to find my bulbs. He remained standing. 

I was mumbling to him while searching but he kept quiet. Finally he managed to stumble out, "Jim, I gotta tell you something." 

"Go ahead, Q boy. I think I they're in this box," I muttered back over my shoulder.   

"No, you gotta look at me. It's serious." 

I stopped and closed the box and sat on top of it. "What is it, Quentin? What's going on? You OK?" 

"Yeah, I'm fine. Well, no... I'm not. Well, I'm... Look, I gotta tell you. I jacked you off the other night." 

He just blurted it right out. My heart sank or rose or did something, I don't what. But I felt my face burning red, and my stomach felt hollow. 

Quentin! He was the one. I would have never suspected. He didn't look gay. He was just a nice looking fellow. Kind of small, not really skinny, but not built - just an all-around friendly type of guy. But not a queer. 

"Q, what in the hell are you talking about?" I tried to just throw the whole thing away making him think that I remembered nothing, but knowing that he wouldn't let it rest. 

"The other night when we went into the city and you got blasted. I put you to bed because everyone else was going to let you sleep in the car. Well, we had gone to that nude place and watched the girls dance for so long. You were sleeping on the table, man, but I got horny as hell watching those girls. Shit, I just had to have sex with somebody. Well, when I brought you in here I took off your pants and shirt to make you comfortable. When I laid you down you were hard as a rock, Man. Your dick was almost sticking out of your shorts. I was hard, too. I went back to my room to jack off. I just had to get my rocks off. But I kept thinking about seeing your hard dick through your underwear. That's when I decided to go back to your room and jack you off. I'm not a queer, man, you gotta believe me. I just wanted sex. You know?" 

I kinda knew. But I also knew it felt good and I wanted it again. 

"Are you OK, Q? I mean, it's OK, I understand. No one was hurt and I don't remember it. I'm OK with it. But you can talk about it if you want to." 

"You sure? I mean, you're OK with it?" 

"Sure, hell, I wish I remember what it felt like if it was good." 

"Well, it felt good to me, that's for sure. Damn, look I hope you don't mind me saying, but you got one big dick. I didn't know you were built like that." 

I started to turn red. I didn't think it would bother me to have someone compliment me on my manhood. But hearing a guy talk about my dick, well, it was just unexpected. But I was flattered. 

"Thanks," I stammered. "I never really, uh, thought that I was bigger than normal..." 

"And you're not circumcised either. I've never seen a hard, uncut dick before. I was really surprised when I saw that." 

"Yeah, well, there's not a lot of uncut guys. I mean, not that I know for sure, but in the locker rooms and stuff, I just..." I was losing it. I did really know what to say I was kind of uncomfortable talking about this. Quentin obviously was not.

"Would you show it to me again? I mean, if you don't mind. If it bothers you that's OK, you don't have to. I just, well, it was kinda dark in here and I didn't really get a good look, aw, you know. I... look, you don't have to. I promise I won't touch it." 

I was reeling again. Here was a fella that wanted me to show him my cock. And I really wanted to, that was the kicker. I didn't mind slipping my pecker out of my pants, but I just didn't want him to think I was queer or anything. But, hey, he was asking me! So, is Quentin gay then? I didn't know what to think, so I hesitated. 

"Uh, no, I don't mind. It's just that.... " 

"Oh, you want me to show you mine, huh? Yeah, OK, no problem." Quentin reached back and turned the bolt on the door. I reached inside my swim trunks and began to untie the string. He was wearing some old warm up pants and sandals. I could see his erection outlined in his pants. He probably wasn't wearing anything beneath them. 

He watched me fumble with my strings then he said, "You're probably hard as a rock, huh? Me, too. Man, I can't believe we're doing this." 

Neither could I. He was right, though. My dick was so hard that if I didn't jack off real soon I was gonna be seriously hurt. I still couldn't get the wet strings untied so I just reached underneath inside one of the legs and grabbed a hold of my hard-on and popped it out. It stood out straight and proud, the head wet and glistening. 

"Good God, Jimbo, it's bigger than it was the other night. Damn, that's a nightstick. Shit, man, you could really hurt somebody with that." 

Every time he talked about it my dick would jerk. I was going to go off any second, I could just feel the cum well up in my balls. And I wasn't even touching my dick. 

"Go ahead and pull your trunks down, Jim. I wanna see your hair and balls, too. OK?" 

"Yeah, well, I'm trying but..." 

"Oh, yeah, you wanna see mine, too. OK." And he grabbed his sweats by the waistband and pulled down to his knees. His arm was in the way, but I saw his dick pop up in the shadow. We he stood upright there was his proud manhood poking out over 7 inches, and pretty thick, too. This was the first time I had ever seen another erect adult cock in real life. I knew mine was big but his seemed huge to me. 

"Damn, Q, you got a nice one, too. It's real thick, man. And your head is big!" 

"You really think so. I mean, it's not as big as yours..." 

"You think? I dunno... do you jack off a lot?" 

Quentin looked a little embarrassed, "Yeah, pretty much. I just gotta unload sometimes." 

"I know whatcha mean, man. Sometimes my balls can't take it, like right now. I don't know why, but I'm about to blow my wad right here." 

"Me too, guy. Go ahead, though. Do whatcha gotta do. But pull your trunks down, OK? I just wanna see your balls. OK?" 

I finally got the strings undone and managed to pull my trunks over my rock-hard manhood. I pulled them to right below my balls and lifted my dick so he could see. 

"Aw, go ahead and pull them all the way down. Yeah, go ahead a take them off. I mean, you gotta get outa them wet things anyway." 

I couldn't defy his logic so without thinking I dropped them to the floor and kicked them off. I was completely naked in front of a guy. I couldn't believe it. And I was ready to explode any second now. 

"Goddam, man. That is a whopper," Quentin crouched and looked up under my legs. "Look, man, I know I promised not to touch, but you know I ain't gonna do anything funny anymore. Can I just hold it. I won't jerk it or anything. I'll let you touch mine, too... but only if you want to."   

Hell, yeah, I wanted to. And I wanted him to touch me as well, and to jerk me. Shit, he could've done anything he wanted to with me. I didn't care, I just wanted to get off. Real bad. So bad that I would probably suck him off if he wanted me to. Or even more. 

"Yeah, you can go ahead and touch it," I said. My dick jerked nervously awaiting the feel of his hand. I was scared that I would shoot off all over him. I bent my knees and spread my legs a little, kinda poking my dick out for him. His touch was so gentle, but so warm, and it felt so damn good! He slowly encircled my shaft. I closed my eyes and just melted away. I opened them and looked at Quentin. His eyes were trained on my staff. I looked down between his legs, reached out and gently grasped his quivering dick. This was the first time I had consciously touched a man's penis, hard or otherwise. It felt quite firm yet soft at the same time. He let out a moan and I did too. 
