 Lester Logan woke up on Saturday morning after the best night of sleep he had been able to get since beginning college and moving into the dormitory at State University. He somehow felt at peace with the world, and he suddenly realized why. On the previous evening, he had come back to his room from the library and had seen Stanley Brady, his roommate, sleeping nude on top of his bed with a big erection, his body writhing from what was obviously an erotic dream. His stiff cock, as it waved back and forth, had been so enticing Lester couldn't resist, and had started sucking on it, while trying to avoid awakening the man, who was not aware of his roommate's gayness. 

He had not been successful and Stan, whom Lester thought of as a bear in the gay parlance, woke up. Instead of being irate, he encouraged Les to continue, and both men immensely enjoyed the end of the blow job, when Stan climaxed, filling his roommate's mouth with cum. In the ensuing discussion, they came to the conclusion that they had a good thing going, and that some of the other horny men in the dorm would also very much enjoy a session with their cocks in Lester's ass or mouth. The idea of being a dormitory slut intrigued him and, when he finally got into his own bed, after sucking Stanley off a second time, he enjoyed sweet dreams of other horny and well-hung bears. 

He lay in bed for a few minutes and was treated to a sight that brought the previous evening back more sharply. Stanley, still nude, which seemed to be his usual mode of sleeping, got out of bed and strolled into the bathroom the two men shared, with his big cock hard and swinging in front of him. Lester realized the erection was no more than morning wood and would disappear after his roommate urinated, but it was still a very pleasant sight. After the toilet flushed and water in the sink ran, the big man reappeared, still naked, but with his cock soft and hanging between his legs. 

"Good morning, Les. I'm about to take a shower, if you want to use the john before I start. Or, if you want to join me in the shower." 

It was a no-brainer for Lester. After greeting Stan, he rolled out of his bed and headed for the bathroom, where he took care of his own needs. When he was done, he returned to the room to answer his roommate's invitation. As he did, he smiled at the sight of the flaccid cock that appeared to be starting to stir again. 

"Showering together sounds like fun. And it'll save water too." 

Water conservation was not what either man had in mind, and they both knew it. Once in the bathroom, Stanley turned on the warm water while Lester began removing his pajamas, exposing his slender, almost hairless body. His roomie, and soon to be sex partner, smiled at the unveiling, especially that of the other man's succulent ass. As they crowded into the shower stall together, his hands were fondling the soft, smooth white hemispheres. He hoped to be plunging his cock between those perfect globes in the near future, but not that morning. 

Lester liked the feel of the big man's hands on his ass, and he also enjoyed it when those same hands started soaping his back and down both sides of his legs. After the cascading warm water had sluiced off all the suds, both men turned around, and he did the same for Stanley, except that he did not spend as much time caressing the big man's ass. When he straightened up again, Stan turned to face him and washed his chest, but not his pubic area, which Les had expected. He knew his roommate had no interest in fondling or even touching somebody's cock, so he washed that part of his body himself. 

It was almost time for what Lester had been thinking about since first seeing his roommate walking naked into the bathroom. He washed Stan's hairy body and arms quickly, before reaching what he considered the most important part of the shower. Getting to his knees, he lathered up the cock and balls that were inches in front of his face, reveling in the way the former stiffened under his ministrations. 

"Move back a little," he instructed the man who would soon be getting sucked off, pushing gently against him so he would move to let the stream of water rinse off the soap Lester had just applied. Those were the first words either man had said since before they stepped into the bathroom, except for some appreciative murmurs. 

With Stanley's cock clean and rinsed and fully erect, Lester kissed it, finding it even better against his lips than it had been the night before. After cuddling the head between his lips and relishing the velvety texture under his tongue, he slowly moved his face forward, enveloping the stiff organ all the way to the back of his throat, while his tongue laved the smooth sides. He kept it there for a few seconds, licking its length, before moving his head back until just the tip was between his lips. 

"My god, Les, that feels even better than it did last night, but let's go out to my bed. It'll be even better there, for both of us." 

As much fun as he was having, Lester had to admit the bear was right. He withdrew his mouth, kissing the head one last time, and arose. The two men left the shower and quickly dried each other off before hurrying over to the bed that awaited them. Stanley headed to his own bed and, after turning on his lamp, pulled the coverings, except for the bottom sheet, out of the way and replaced them with the towel he had brought from the bathroom. With the bed prepared for their fun, he lay on his back with his head resting on his pillow and his legs spread. Lester was right behind him and knelt between those same hairy legs so he could lean forward, with the weight of his upper body being supported on his left hand. 

His right hand held Stanley's cock upright, which was not really necessary, because it was standing erect on his own. He lowered his face and, once again, began by licking the head before slowly enveloping its length in his mouth. The thick shaft felt even better than it had in the shower a few minutes earlier and far better than it had the previous night, because he was in the perfect position to derive the most pleasure, and there was no worry about what might happen if the big man woke up. The first few times the long, hard cock passed between his lips, Lester took it in only to the back of his mouth but, after that, he opened his throat and let the head ease itself all the way in, until his lips and nose were being tickled by the bear's brown pubic hair. 

It was great for the other man too, and he let his roommate know how much he was relishing having his cock sucked that morning. "Oooo, yeah, that's good," he sighed. "You're the best." 

He really meant that, too. Stanley had been sucked off several times, by girl friends and by gay men, and he always reveled in the sensations. Those times had been fun, but Les's mouth felt at least as good wrapped around his cock as that of any of the previous people, and better than anybody he could have named offhand. He was also glad he had thought to turn on the light. One of the things Stan loved about being sucked off was watching the face of the person doing it, and there would not have been enough light coming in through the window to let him do that. Les's white face, under the long blonde hair he had brushed back, looked as good as that of most women, and the blue eyes looking up adoringly at him were every bit as erotic as those of his occasional girl friend. He was basically straight, but not at all averse to a sexual dalliance with a gay man as pretty as his young, blonde roommate, whom he saw as a perfect twink. 

The blow job was going great for Lester too, and he was glad the light was on too. He also loved looking up at the face of his sex partner to watch the waves of pleasure flickering across the man's visage, and he doted on men with hairy chests and bodies. Stanley was not a disappointment in either category, and the delight he was experiencing was obvious. Even better was the way the big bear's cock felt as it passed between his lips – the perfect thickness to spread them apart, but not so big as to be painful or to prevent Lester from caressing the erection with his tongue and the insides of his mouth. 

As he continued slowly bobbing his head with his mouth engulfing everything Stan had to offer, Lester's own cock grew as hard as the one in his mouth. He wrapped his right hand around the stiff shaft and started stroking in the same tempo as the movements of his head, taking sexual pleasure from both places. The slow sucking and masturbating went on for a long time, and Lester also continued to watch Stanley's face and body until saw the big man beginning to writhe in bliss from the sexual pleasure he was getting. Knowing that meant an impending climax, Les started stroking faster with his mouth and his hand. He stopped giving deep throat too, because he wanted the resultant burst of cum to land on his tongue, where he would enjoy it to the fullest. 

"Uh! Uh! Uh!" Stanley grunted in time with the movements of the man who was making him feel so good. "Ooooo! Oooo, yea," he blurted as his climax exploded and he shot his semen into Les's mouth. 

It landed perfectly and immediately pleased his taste buds, but Lester wanted more. He kept sucking, and Stanley ejaculated twice more, filling his partner's mouth with his delicious juices. When he was sure there would be no more of the treat, he removed the cock from his mouth and held it upright so nothing would drip out onto the bed. While his own climax built up, almost to the point of eruption, he pumped his own cock and swirled Stanley's juices in his mouth. Just as he swallowed them, he started cumming, and his own semen gushed from his cock onto the towel. His stroking continued, but slower, until Lester ejaculated for what he knew would be the last time. 

Stanley's head, with a smile of joy on his face, was still nestled in his pillow, until he opened his eyes and saw Les squeezing the last of his cum from his own cock. "Nothing like starting the day with a bang, right?" he remarked. 

Lester smiled in agreement and used the towel to wipe the cum from his own cock, but wouldn't let Stanley's semen meet the same fate. Instead, he leaned forward and licked off all the juices his mouth had elicited, being extra careful to get what was clinging to the underside of the ridge. He could feel the cock in his hand softening, and knew there would be no more sexual fun for them that morning, but hoped there would be some in the afternoon or evening. 

Besides studying, both men had things they needed to do that Saturday, such as visiting the coin operated laundry in the dormitory, but first they needed to go to the student union for breakfast. After finishing the morning ablutions they had been so glad to interrupt, they got dressed and walked from dormitory row to the large building, where they served themselves in the cafeteria. The two sat together at one of the many small tables, until Stanley saw six students from their dormitory seated at one of the larger one. 

"Excuse me, Les. I need to go talk to those guys. I'll be right back," he said, and left his half-finished meal. 

Lester watched while Stanley spoke with the other men, but was unable to hear anything being said. Because sometimes one of them glanced in his direction, he believed they were talking about him, and he remembered something he had discussed with Stanley on the previous night right after sucking him off the first time. They had talked about how so many of the guys in the dorm who, even though they were basically straight, would want to have sex with a gay man just to satisfy their needs and his. The words "dormitory slut" had come into his mind, and he had really liked the thought. Lester wondered if Stanley might have been discussing dates for quickies between him and them. A few minutes after leaving, his roommate returned, and ended the wondering. 

Stan sat down and took the last bite of his scrambled eggs and a sip of his coffee before starting to speak. "Les, do you remember what we talked about last night, in between the two times you blew me?" 

"You mean about me getting it on with some of the other horny guys in the dorm? Yeah. Is that what you were talking about just now?" 

"Yes. You know, you don't have to do anything you don't want to do. You can tell me to forget about the whole idea right now, if you want to, and I will." 

Lester definitely didn't want to do that. The thought of sex with a series of men from the dormitory where they lived had intrigued him the previous night, and he was just as interested then. He looked more closely at the six men seated at the other table, thinking of them as possible sex partners, rather than simply young men who shared his dormitory. One of them, Justin Crowley, was big and muscular, a bear like Stan, and just the type of man Les preferred. He remembered thinking a few weeks earlier about how he would love to have the man's cock plowing in and out of his his ass, but had never dared mention it to anybody. Any of the men would be alright, but his first choice would have been Justin. He realized any of the men who fucked his ass or were sucked off by him would be using him, but he would also be using them. 

"No, I don't want to forget about it," Lester answered Stanley's query. "I liked the thought last night, and I like it even more today." 

"Well, you can have any of those guys you want this evening, in your bed or his. Or all six if you'd like, but nobody would expect that." 

He grinned at that thought. "Six guys, even one or two at a time, would be a little much. But, how about Justin, and I'd rather use my own bed. And you too, if you're still interested." 

"Justin? Yeah, he's been asking about you since the first time he saw you, but didn't want to say anything to you because he didn't know how you would take it. You know I'm interested, but do you mean just to watch or to get involved?" 

"Whichever you'd rather, but I'd rather you were involved." 

"Me too. I'll go over and talk to Justin. The other guys'll be disappointed, but they'll survive. Is there anything you want to tell him first?" 

"The other guys will get their turn too. At least, I hope they do. And tell Justin I don't want to be treated like a two-bit whore. And that he should be clean and shave just like he's going on a date with his girl friend. And tell him to bring his own rubbers, if he wants to get his dick in my ass. I practice safe sex only."

"I'll tell him that. What time do you want him to come over? How about seven o'clock this evening. I know we all have to study and we all have some chores we have to take care of, but that should give him and us enough time to get everything done." 

"Seven is good, in our room, in my bed." 

Stan finished eating his hotcakes, which were coldcakes by then, and went back to the other table to tell one man the good news and the others the bad news. Justin smiled and waved to Lester, who responded the same way. He was already looking forward to what promised to be the best night of sex for him since starting his classes at the university. 

He took care of a few mundane chores, including his laundry and did a bit of shopping at a big drug store a few blocks off campus. There he bought a pack of condoms, some new face towels and a plastic squeeze bottle of Aqualube. He believed the condom was the responsibility of the top man but, if Justin forgot to bring some, Lester wanted to be sure they were available. He had heard enough of the ravages of AIDS and STD's that, as he had told Stan and the other guys, he practiced strictly safe sex, and he would prefer to provide the protection rather than not be fucked that evening. He considered the lubricant to be something for the bottom to provide, and wanted to be sure what he and Justin used was of good quality, and the towels were for him to masturbate onto while his ass or mouth was being crammed.

The rest of the day was spent studying, although he had trouble concentrating while anticipating what would start happening at seven o'clock that evening. A few minutes before the arranged time, he and Stanley were sitting on Lester's bed, discussing the best way to greet his "gentleman caller." 

"I don't know about Justin," Stan opined, "but when I'm with a woman, I'll do whatever foreplay she needs to get really excited. But not so much if it's a gay guy I'm coming to see." 

"Me too. I mean, I don't need anything to get excited. I've been thinking about it all day, and I'm already hot to trot. If I'm in a relationship with a guy, we hug and kiss and make out just like you would do with a girl but, in a booty call like tonight, all I want to do is enough to get his dick hard enough, and that's simple." 

They finally decided the best way for Lester to greet Justin was to be ready for sex, and the way to do that was for him to be lying bare naked on his belly with his ass on display. That would avoid any nervousness for the young man who would be visiting, since they were fairly sure this couldn't be something he was accustomed to doing. First, they took off all the bedding, except for the bottom sheet, which Lester had washed that day, and placed his pillow on the bed, covered by a clean face towel where it would be under his waist. With the bed prepared, he stripped off every stitch of his clothing, but he would not lie down until they heard a knock on the door. 

Justin was a very meticulous young man, and he wanted to be sure to be on time, but not excessively early. As Stan had advised him, he would not treat his date as a whore, but he would also not treat him as a steady girl friend. Some kissing might be alright, but not too much and, definitely, no tongues involved. He had showered and shaved an hour earlier, including applying cologne he regarded as rather too sweet smelling, and had even decided to bring a small bouquet of fresh flowers. 

"Can't do any harm," he had told himself before buying them. "And it might even help get me more of that nice, cute ass in the future." 

Promptly at seven, he knocked on the door and heard movement inside. He was a bit surprised when Stanley answered the door, and even more surprised to see what he took to be an attractive naked woman lying on a bed in the middle of the room. Not until that "woman" turned his head and smiled did Justin realize it was Lester, but he continued to admire the shapely form just as much. He handed the flowers to Stan, who dug a Styrofoam cup out of the waste basket, added water and placed it with the flowers on the nightstand next to where Lester's bed would usually be. While he was doing that, Justin approached the place where his date was waiting for him. 

"Hi, Justin," the naked man greeted him. I hope you know what to do." 

"Well, I think I do." 

"The first thing you have to do is take off your clothes." 

He watched while Justin removed all his clothing, including sitting on the bed to take off his shoes and socks. Lester was elated when his visitor stood up, because his cock was almost fully erect, and looked to be big enough to give his ass a terrific time. 

"Let me see that nice big dick now." As Justin stood near the head of the bed, he held the object of his lust gently in his fingers. "Mmmmmn yeah, this is just right." After that, Lester said no more, for his mouth was full of his visitor's semi-erect cock. 

He stroked it only a few times with his lips, because Les had other plans for the organ that had become fully erect in his mouth. "I want this nice, big dude in my ass," he informed his guest. "But first, I need you to put on your condom and use some of that lube from the bottle between my legs." 

Justin had been too interested in Lester's curvy, white ass to notice the plastic squeeze bottle of Aqualube until it was pointed out to him, but he picked it up and twisted off the cap. Les reached back and spread his ass cheeks. 
