 "Hey, Les, wait up a minute." 

Lester Logan thought he recognized the voice, so he stopped with his key still in the lock of the door to his dormitory room and turned around to look. As he had thought, the speaker was Martin Briggs, the athletic young black man who lived in the same dormitory and had one class with Lester. He waited for his dorm mate, whom he really didn't know very well, to approach, wondering if it was about something in that class or something more sexual in nature. He hoped it was the latter, because he was feeling rather horny and knew the best way to take care of that situation was to have his ass fucked by a big cock while he used his hand to stroke himself to a climax. His roommate and some other men in the dormitory had been taking care of those needs, but it was already Wednesday night, and he hadn't gotten any since the previous Sunday afternoon. 

"Hi, Les. Got something I want to ask you." 

"Sure, Marty. C'mon in here and sit down." If the reason was the erotic one, this would be the place to take care of it; if not, it was better to sit and talk in the room than to stand in the hall. 

He pushed the door open and closed it after they had entered, hearing the snap lock click into place. Over in the corner was his bed, and that seemed to be the best place for them, whether they just sat and discussed class work or fucked. Lester walked in that direction and sat down, while Martin followed. 

"What did you think of old Bronson today? Did you get what he was saying about hydrocarbons?" Lester asked. This was a reference to the class they had in common, which was Organic Chemistry. 

"Yeah. I thought he did a really good job of explaining everything." 

"Me too." Lester was glad to hear that, because it meant Martin had something in mind besides classwork, and he thought he knew what it was. He moved over closer to the other man and placed one hand on Martin's knee. 

The questing hand was not pushed away. In fact, Martin leaned back with the weight of his upper body supported on his hands. It looked to Lester as if his dorm mate was offering his cock to be sucked, which could be a preliminary to something else or could be a sex act in itself. He moved his hand so it was at mid-thigh of the other man and waited for the signal to do what he wanted and what he thought and hoped Martin wanted. 

The young black man continued. "But that's not what I wanted to ask you. I broke up with my girlfriend two weeks ago, and I've gotten so horny I can hardly sleep or study." 

"Well, you know there are ways to cure that problem." By that time, Lester's hand was touching Martin's cock head through the fabric and he thought he could feel it growing harder. 

"I know. I hear you're the best way." 

Now that he knew they were both looking for the same thing, Lester dropped any pretense of coyness. His hand covered his visitor's cock, which was semi-hard, and he squeezed it gently. He had always heard rumors that black men were all hung like stud bulls. Lester had never really believed that, but he had no experience to say whether it was true or not. The cock that was stiffening under his hand was certainly of a respectable size, but nothing like as massive as what he had heard. He had no problem with that, because too big would have been quite painful. What Martin seemed to have was an excellent size to give his mouth or ass a good time, so Lester unzipped the fly and reached his hand inside. 

The jeans were too tight to pull the stiffening cock through, but that was no problem. Within seconds, he had unbuttoned the waistband -- there was no belt to unfasten -- and pulled the big, black organ through the fly of Martin's jockey shorts. He smiled at what he had in his hand, which resembled a big chocolate bar, and he quickly did about what he would have done with an actual candy bar. Lester bent over to start licking the head, relishing the texture, like warm dark velvet. He licked in concentric circles, slowly lowering his face until his tongue was caressing under the ridge, when Martin interrupted him. 

"What if somebody comes in? Is your roommate cool with this?" 

Stanley Brady, the roommate in question was extremely cool with what the two men were starting to do. He fucked or was sucked off by Lester more than any other man, either when they were by themselves at night in the room they were sharing or joining in when another man was with his roommate. Les liked that kind of action most of all, because that usually meant his mouth and ass were crammed full of hard cocks at the same time. 

"Brady? Yeah, he's cool." 

"Why don't you hang a towel on the door to let him know you've got company?" 

He had never bothered doing that, but saw no harm in it. If Stanley came home and saw the signal, he would either stay away or come in hoping to join in, and either was alright with Lester. He went to the bathroom to get a towel, hung it on the outside doorknob and returned to where Martin was waiting on the bed. In the interval, the young man had removed his shoes and socks and pulled his pants down below his knees. 

Lester sat back down again and held the black cock -- fully erect by then -- in his hand but, before taking it into his mouth again, he made a suggestion. "You know, I'd really rather get this big dude in my ass." 

"Yeah? Me too. In your ass, I mean." 

"Well, when I do that, I like to get naked and we have to use some of that lube over there." As he spoke, he pointed to the plastic bottle of Aqualube on the night stand beside the head of the bed. 

"Okay. Any way you say." 

The two men quickly stripped off the rest of their clothing and, when he was naked, Martin went over and brought back the bottle of lubricant, along with one of the condoms that were always available there. While they were no longer sitting on the bed, Lester removed the covers, except for the bottom sheet and his pillow. With that part of his preparation done, he went to the bathroom, returned carrying his towel and spread it across the bed. It would be used to catch his semen when he climaxed from masturbating, rather than spraying the bed sheet with his own cum and having to sleep in it later. 

With the bed prepared and Martin standing with the lubricant and a condom in his hands, Lester smiled at the sight of the black cock that would momentarily be pleasuring his ass. Contrary to the rumors, it was not particularly big, being no longer or thicker than his roommate's equipment, but it was enough to give him a great time, especially when he combined it with stroking his own cock until he climaxed. That was still, he hoped, quite a while in the future, so he lay face down, with his pillow under his waist, waiting for Martin to put on the condom and prepare the ass he would be fucking. 

The first was easy, and something he had done many times. However, he was not sure about the latter part, so he asked for instructions. 

Lester reached back with his hands and spread his ass cheeks. "Put the tip of the bottle into the hole and squeeze." Seconds later, he felt the cool, oily liquid gush into his eager ass, and he continued with the instructions. 

"Now, stick your middle finger into me and spread it around. Cover your cock with it too. It's better to use more than you need than not enough."

The infusion of the lubricant had felt good, but Lester quivered with excitement as he felt the long finger eased into his ass, far enough to massage his prostate gland, which he usually thought of as being his equivalent of a girl's clit. When the finger was withdrawn, Lester pictured his dorm mate coating his cock and continued holding his ass cheeks apart. His legs were spread wide, and he felt the bed shaking as the other man knelt between them and, to support his weight, placed his left hand on one side of the horny gay man's nude body. 

Although he had never fucked anybody's ass before, Martin's cock had been in enough pussies that he had no problem figuring out what to do. The white butt with the soft cheeks and the pink rosebud looked better than some of those pussies had anyhow. Holding his cock with one hand to guide it, he lowered his body until the tip was pressed up against the puckered area that was his goal. Even as Martin looked down, Lester moved his fingers slightly to separate the edges of the hole, and Martin rubbed his cock up and down in the resulting small opening, before thrusting forward and making the first penetration. 

"Ooooo, yeah," Lester murmured happily as he felt the hard head wedge its way into his ass. 

The tightness and slickness of the pretty pink and white ass felt great to Martin too. He could have masturbated, and he had done so after the breakup with his girlfriend, but it had been very unsatisfactory. Even covered with lubricant, his hand was hard and dry, and what he wanted was something soft and tight and slick. That was when he was told of the availability and talent of Lester, and how the young gay man was eager to have sex with the other men in the dorm. Skeptical and reluctant at first, he was glad he had decided to see if what he heard was true. 

It was. After thrusting forward again, and burrowing an inch of his hard cock in the ass that was so available, he almost wondered why he had even bothered with women anyhow. The tight hole he was starting to cram was just as cute as most pussies and tighter than any he knew of. It was slicker too, although he was aware that was the Aqualube. Lester was squirming under him and letting him know how good it was for him, which was something most of the girls he fucked had never done. Martin drove his cock forward again, and was gratified by the happy response from the man under him. 

"Oooo, yeah, that feels great. Just take your time and give me all you've got. I want that whole big, black tool up my ass." 

That was what Martin wanted too, and he took his time, stuffing his cock all the way into the accommodating ass under him. The squirming of his dorm mate made it easier and even more fun, and he didn't stop until he was lying full length on top of Les and could feel his short, curly pubic hair tickling the smooth insides of the bottom man's ass cheeks. The tiny movements both men were making added to their pleasure, so they stayed like that for a few minutes, before Martin started slowly drawing his cock back. 

Lester felt the thick shaft being drawn back, and he moaned in bliss while it massaged his clit. He could feel the head of the cock still stretching his ass, and he quivered in anticipation until he felt the stiff shaft surging back into him, stretching the opening, expanding the attached channel and, best of all, rubbing against his clit again. His body was already writhing in bliss from the fucking he was starting to get. 

Martin was having a fabulous time too, as he plowed his cock in and out of the tight ass of his partner. The Aqualube was working perfectly and had liquefied completely, so there was no friction, just a tight slick channel to drive his shaft in and out. The movements of Lester made everything better, as the cute little bottom man's body rocked from side to side and his legs thrust back and forth in the same tempo as the cock reaming his ass. 

Good as it was for him already, the man on the bottom knew how to make it even more pleasurable. "Let me get up on my knees," he suggested. "It'll make it better for both of us." 

The fucking was already so good Martin didn't know how it could be better, but he let the more experienced man do it his way. With his cock buried all the way in Lester's ass, he helped the other man get to his knees, so he was kneeling directly behind him with his pubic hair still brushing against the soft insides of Les's cheeks. When they were in the different position, he slowly drew his cock back as he had been doing, paused, and began plunging the shaft back into the tight, oily hole that had already been so fabulous. 

He found out immediately how it would be better. He drove his cock slowly into the slick hole that felt so good, and Lester fucked back to meet him. Their two bodies came solidly together, with his cock driving even more deeply into the hospitable pink hole. The next time he thrust forward, the gay man's body met him again, and this time Martin watched as his black cock was being engulfed between the creamy white cheeks in front of him. If he hadn't already known, he would not have been able to tell if it was a man's ass or a pussy, and he didn't much care by then. 

Lester cared a lot because, from the great fucking he was getting, his own cock was just as hard as the one being driven in and out of him. Supporting himself and pushing back with his left hand only, he held his erection with the right, and started stroking it back and forth, quickly reaching the same tempo as the other man was using. 

Martin didn't know the protocol of the situation, but he leaned over to whisper into the ear that was next to his face "I'm almost ready to cum." 

"Good. So am I. Now, really give it to me, hard and fast." 

The top man had no problem doing that. He started plowing his throbbing cock into the succulent ass in front of him the way Les wanted, until he could feel the other man's balls brushing against his own as he did. Faster and faster, he drove his cock in and out, and every stroke was matched by his partner. Both men were panting and grunting from the exquisite pleasure, until Martin felt his climax welling up and erupting. It was so intense, it felt almost as though his guts were sliding out as he started cumming. 

"Oooo, yeah! He cried out ecstatically as he rammed his cock home and felt a big gob of semen blast out into his condom. He kept fucking until he ejaculated three more times and was done, sprawling across the luscious white ass before him. 

Lester kept pounding away at his cock too, deriving pleasure from where his ass was being stretched, the adjacent channel was being crammed, his clit was being massaged and his own shaft was jerking in his hand. His face twisted in ecstasy and a thick gush of cum spewed from his cock to land squarely on the towel under him. He didn't stop after one spurt either, but continued pumping until he also ejaculated three more times, and sagged forward into the puddle of semen he had just squirted out. 

Both men were well satisfied with the great fucking they had just shared. Les knew he would need to clean himself off before putting on his pajamas, but that would be easier than having to remake the bed with clean sheets. Martin's cock, still hard, was imbedded all the way in his ass, and still sending waves of pleasure through his body, but they were no more than ripples compared to the crashing breakers that had inundated him before. Neither man felt the need to say anything until the black cock softened and slipped out of the white ass it had provided with so much joy and had received so much joy from. 

"That was terrific, Les. I hope we can get together again, lots of times." 

I don't see any reason why we can't." Even as he spoke, Lester was grinning at the thought of how many horny young men would be sharing his bed that year. 

*

Thank you for reading this story by me, Boxlicker101. Here is an URL to many more of my stories: http://www.literotica.com/stories/memberpage.php?uid=207952&page=submissions I hope you had as much fun as Lester and Martin did and will be having in the future. I like writing stories on Literotica, but I like it a lot more when I know that people are reading and enjoying them, and I appreciate it when readers take the time to express their opinions by voting. Like most of the authors on Literotica, I practically live for feedback from readers, either public comments or email to me. Such feedback, whether praise or criticism, helps me to write more and better stories, and I respond to it whenever I can.