 Author's note: This is a true story. I might have missed some of the details, but not many.

I had met Ray online many years ago. He said he wasn't gay, but his wife had given up on sex entirely. However, he still wanted physical sex but didn't want to "cheat" on his wife with another woman. He definitely interested me, and he said he would meet me at a sleazy no-tell motel.

I followed his directions to the motel. When I got there I found that the place looked like it had been built in the 1940's or 1950's. It sat under a highway overpass, and there was only one way in and out. 

True to his word, Ray was waiting there for me. He'd given me a general description of himself: Late 50's, gray hair and beard, about 6' tall and about 170 pounds. It helped that he was the only person standing in the parking lot when I pulled in. He smiled when he saw me pull in and park next to him.

"I was afraid you wouldn't show up," he said, giving me a hug and rubbing the back of my neck. I felt a large lump in his pants press against me during the hug.

He was nervous when we walked up to the office window to get the room. "My wife thinks I'm going to San Marcos to see friends," he explained. "I'm really worried that someone will recognize me here and tell her. She'd divorce me in a heartbeat if she found out."

The elderly clerk, however, obviously didn't give a shit about what went on at the motel and pointed us in the general direction of room #3 after Ray paid the man for three hours use. We walked over to it.

He unlocked the door and we quickly went inside. The room was as bare-bones as possible for a motel. There was no TV or fridge, only a beat up dresser, a chipped and worn nightstand, and a bed. The tiny bathroom simply had a toilet, sink, and shower.

As soon as we walked in, he closed the door behind us and bent his head down to kiss me. He definitely was a good kisser. As his beard tickled my face and his tongue explored the inside of my mouth, I wasted no time stroking his hard cock through his pants.

He broke the kiss, and stepped back to undress. I quickly stripped my shirt off and then my shoes, pants and underwear. When I glanced back at Ray, he was already nude and waiting for me. I stared in shock at his cock.

I know that most stories always have someone with a big dick in them, but honest to God the man was HUGE! I knew that he had a big dick from the lump in his pants and from stroking it when he was kissing me, but I didn't expect it to be THAT big. It was at least 9" long and super thick. It was easily the biggest dick I had ever seen outside of a porn film. He was hard, but the weight of that thick cock kept it pointed towards the floor.

I looked at him nervously. "I'm not sure I can handle that," I admitted. I couldn't imagine a way to get him in either my mouth or my ass.

He started to get a depressed look on his face, but smiled when I quickly added, "Oh, I'm still going to try!'

He sat on the edge of the bed next to the pile of his clothes, and I knelt down between his legs. I licked my lips nervously, then wrapped my hands around his cock and started giving little kisses to his cockhead. He groaned quietly as I trailed my tongue up and down.

The moment of truth arrived, and I placed my lips against his cockhead. I pushed my mouth onto his cock, feeling my lips stretch. My jaw began hurting even before I get his entire cockhead in my mouth, and there was no room in my mouth for my tongue to do anything to his cock except be pressed against him.

I tried and tried, but I could not get my mouth open wide enough to take him in more than an inch or two. After a few minutes, I gave up. There was simply no way.

I rocked back, pulling his cock from my mouth. "Lets try the other end," I suggested. I was a bit scared, afraid that if I took his monster cock in my ass he would tear my asshole open. Luckily, I was too turned on to not try.

I reached over to my pants, and pulled out a bottle of lubricant that I'd brought. I lathered his cock and my asshole up liberally, then tossed the bottle on the bed. I crawled next to him, ended up on my hands and knees with my ass pointed in his direction. Wordlessly, he moved around behind me and placed the tip of his cock against my asshole.

Ray was turned on and frustrated, but he was surprisingly gentle. He slowly pushed against me, his cockhead spreading my asshole more and more. He pulled back out when a sharp pain made me cry out, then put more lubricant on his cock and started pushing into me again.

It took forever to just get his cockhead inside me but with patience on his part and determination on mine, plus lots and lots of lubricant, it finally nudged past my sphincter. It felt like I had a bowling ball stretching my asshole.

He stopped pushing for a second and I felt him jostling on the bed. I looked over my shoulder at him and saw he had pulled a camera from his pile of clothes. He snapped several pictures of my asshole being stretched by his cockhead, then tossed the camera back onto the bed and began pushing into me again.

I'd never been so full in my life. When I thought I couldn't stand it any more, I'd tell him to stop. He'd wait for me to stretch enough so that it wasn't painful, then resume.

Finally, after what seemed a lifetime, he was fully inside me. Speared by his huge cock, I was afraid to move, but he slowly began to pump his cock in and out of my protesting asshole. The pain from his size was slowly being replaced by the pleasure of his size.

I knew he was really turned on. My asshole wrapped his cock like a vise, and it didn't take him long to cum. He had only fucked me for a few minutes when I felt him shudder and roughly shove his cock as deep into me as it would go. As I yelped in pain, I heard him gasp as his cock throbbed and flooded my bowels with cum.

He stayed pushed inside of me until his cock stopped filling me with his cum. Normally, I like to make it even better for the guy in my ass by flexing my ass muscles and drawing every bit of cum from his balls, but he was so big that I couldn't with him. 

I started to pull away from him, but he grabbed my hips to prevent me. I glanced over my shoulder again and saw him grab his camera again. He pulled back from me a bit, enough to see his cock buried in my ass, and snapped several more pictures. Then, he slowly pulled out of me, taking picture after picture of his cock sliding out and the flood of cum that followed.

[Note: He emailed me those pictures later. For years I jerked off reliving that fuck through those pictures, until my computer's hard drive fried and I lost them.]

He laid on the bed next to me, and I climbed out of the bed and got a wet washcloth from the bathroom. I cleaned his cock off, giving it a few kisses in the process, then tossed the washcloth on the floor. I laid next to him with my head on his shoulder. 

"I haven't cum that hard in years," he said, smiling.

"I'm surprised that I could take all of your cock," I said.

"I don't know how long it'll take me to recharge," he said, glancing at his cock. Even soft, it was still bigger than any I'd had before.

I gave him a pretend-frightened look. "I don't think I can take it again," I replied. "Even though it felt great, I'm really really sore."

"That's ok," he said, hugging me tightly. "I'd love to fuck you again sometime, though."

I grinned at him. "I'd love for you to fuck me again, too...just not today."

He got out of bed, and I went to the bathroom to clean up. His thick, sticky cum coated my balls and the insides of my thighs. I'd never seen so much cum before.

By the time I came out of the bathroom, he was dressed.

"I'd best be getting on up to San Marcos," he said. "The room is paid for another two hours, if you want to use it."

I laughed. "No, I'm done for the day," I admitted. The thought of another cock, no matter what size, poking my ass made it twinge in pain.

He gave me a quick, nervous kiss, then pulled back. "I have a friend of mine that's been wanting to have a little orgy at his house. Would you be interested?"

"When?" I asked, knowing I would need some time to recover.

"Some time next weekend," Ray answered. "He's married, and his wife is going to visit relatives."

"Sure!" I replied. That would give me the week to recover.

He pulled me in for a hug, grabbing my ass. "I'll email you the details," he said, then left the motel room.

I returned the key to the office, then headed home. The clerk barely even looked at me.

True to his word, Ray emailed me on Wednesday of that week. He gave me the address of his friend's house and said that it was planned for Saturday morning, the day his friend's wife was leaving. He didn't know the time, however, and said he'd email me when he found out.

Saturday morning, I anxiously waited by my computer for his email. Around 9, it showed up. She'd left, and everyone was heading over.

I was anxious and excited, so I MAY have broken the speed limit a few times. When I knocked on the door, a short bull of a man in his late 50's answered the door. He quickly ushered me inside and introduced himself to me as George.

"You're the first to show up," he said, leading me to the bedroom.

I followed and asked, "How many guys are coming?"

George waited until we were in the bedroom to answer. "Four or five, but I don't know how many are going to actually show up."

He opened his robe and it dropped to the floor. He had a powerfully built torso and thick arms. His lower half, however, was average sized and the fact that his upper body was so big made his legs look too small.

He did have a nice dick. The six or so inches that hung between his legs were more what I was used to. It was already hard and jutting up angrily at me.

I took my shirt off. I have large nipples (for a guy, anyway), and his eyes locked onto them.

"Very nice," he said, grabbing them with his fingers and pulling me closer to him with them. His head bent as his mouth went over one.

I love having my nipples played with, sucked, bitten and pinched...the rougher, the better. George was doing an excellent job. My dick instantly became rock hard while he worked one nipple, then the other. Enjoying his attention immensely, I reached between us and stroked his cock

I finished undressing while his mouth did fantastic things to my nipples. When my pants and underwear fell to the floor, my hard dick sprang out. His hand immediately went to it, stroking me as I stroked him, then he pulled his mouth off my chest and dropped to his knees in front of me.

Honestly, I'm strictly a bottom. I don't even care if I get off during sex...I just want the man I'm with to fill my mouth or ass with his cum. My main focus is getting him off. I can always jerk off later. I wanted his dick in ME, not him sucking my dick.

Luckily, the doorbell rang and he stopped. Rising up off his knees, he told me to relax on the bed while he answered the door.

I laid back on the bed and in a minute George and Ray came in. Ray had a huge smile on his face seeing me naked on the bed and quickly got undressed. I actually started salivating when his monster dick sprang free from his pants.

"I'm glad you could make it," he said, grinning.

I grinned back and motioned for him to come over to me. He wasted no time climbing on top of me and started kissing me. I spread my legs and he nestled between them, my dick crushed onto his belly and his cock pressed against my ass. I was really getting into the position when he propped himself up and asked the host for the lube.

My asshole twinged since I knew what was coming. I WANTED that huge cock in me again, and hoped he wasn't as horny as last time, since I wanted to it last a little bit longer than last time. He liberally applied the lube to his cock and my asshole, propped my feet on his shoulders, and pressed his cock into my ass.

Again, it took a long time for us to get his cock inside me. He'd push in until he felt me stiffen up in pain, then resume. Once or twice I asked him to pull out to give my poor asshole a rest. However, once he got it fully in, I was ready and he started pumping his cock in and out of me. I hung on to his hips, trying to pull him deeper into me.

His cock filled me with long sure stokes, but started to get a bit out of breath. I offered to get on top so I could do all the work for a while and he nodded. He pulled his cock out (a bit fast, it brought a gasp out of me), then lay on his back while I climbed on top of him and lowered my hungry ass over his cock.

I had lost track of our host, but when we rolled over I saw him and another guy doing a 69. I had been so involved in getting my asshole fucked that I didn't even hear the doorbell ring or someone else come into the room. The other guy was younger, maybe mid-30's, and Hispanic. I couldn't tell how big his cock was because most of it was in our host's mouth.

I was very turned on, riding Ray's cock fast and hard. I'd take it as deep as I could, raise up off of him some, then slam myself back down. He obliged me by playing rough with my nipples, which just increased my horniness.

After five or six minutes, I glanced down at Ray's face. His eyes were clenched shut, and from the set of his jaw I could tell that he was getting close. I wanted him to cum again deep in my ass.

"God, I love your big cock inside me," I moaned.

That was all it took. Ray's hands grabbed my hips painfully, and he pushed his cock up into me deep. He made a thick groaning sound as his orgasm exploded and his cock again filled my ass with his cum.

I collapsed on top of Ray as his cock started softening. He was so long, however, that he didn't fall out of my ass like other guys did when their cocks shrank. We both just laid there, enjoying the afterglow.

After a few minutes, I started to sit up on him again, but a hand on my back started pushing me forward. I glanced behind me and saw George between Ray's legs. His hand pushed me forward onto Ray, and his cock nudged against my already-filled asshole.

I froze...I already had one monster cock in me, and a second one wanted in at the same time. I didn't quite know what was going on, but on the other hand I was still turned on madly. I lay on Ray's chest waiting to see what would happen.

Ray was starting to get hard again, slowly pumping his cock in and out of me. George's dick pressed firmly against my asshole. As I lay there, I felt myself stretch...then stretch some more...then stretch even further. 

In the back of my mind I wanted to say something to George, to tell him to stop, but I couldn't. It hurt....but the sensation of being stretched by two cocks was incredible.

Silently, George kept pressing his cock into me, pushing in when he felt Ray pulling out. In a few minutes, I had both cocks in my asshole. I felt like I was going to tear or explode, but things were stable (for the lack of a better word) and they slowly started see-sawing their cocks in and out of my ass.

Despite the pain, I was relishing the fact that I had two cocks in me at once. With just Ray's cock in me, I felt incredibly filled...with both, I felt stretched to the maximum. My eyes, clenched shut tightly, opened to see a third cock dangling in front of me. The hispanic man had moved over and was offering to slide his cock into my mouth. I greedily accepted and slid my mouth over his hardness. His hands went to my head and then I had three cocks sliding in and out of me.

It didn't last long. The angle that my head was at to take the cock in my mouth was difficult to maintain, and I reluctantly let it fall out of my mouth. I also knew I couldn't take both cocks in my ass for much longer.

"Someone's going to have to pull out soon," I groaned. Really, I didn't want either of them to pull out until I was filled with more cream, but my poor screaming ass couldn't take much more.

Quickly, both of them yanked their cocks out of my ass. I went from bursting full to empty in a second, and that was worse than having both of them in me at the same time. 

"Shit, someone start fucking me, please," I moaned. Ray pushed me off of him, crawled between my legs as he pulled my ankles onto his shoulder, and pushed himself back into me in one stroke. Despite the raw violence of the way he entered me again, there was no problems taking him. My ass was stretched enough and I desperately wanted a cock back inside me. Ray started pounding me hard and fast.

My head turned, and I saw George taking up where I left off on the hispanic man's dick, sucking him furiously. Turning back to look up at Ray, I hung on while he slammed himself into me. 

Ray grunted and pushed himself deep. A second load of his thick, hot cum mixed with the load he'd given me earlier. My ass ground against his crotch as he unloaded, trying to milk every last drop from him.

He finally collapsed on me, breathing heavily, then rolled over onto his back next to me. His cock slid easily out of my poor abused asshole. He reached over to play with my nipples. I was about to roll over onto my side when George climbed between my legs and shoved himself into my stretched ass. He immediately started slamming into me with abandon. Sore, but still loving every second, I pushed my ass back with every one of his thrusts. It only took about a minute before he came, too.

George quickly pulled out, and I felt his and Ray's cum flood out of my ass onto the bed. God, there was a lot of it. I glanced over and saw the hispanic guy sitting on a chair next to the bed, his cock shriveled. He must have cum when George was sucking him off. I raised an eyebrow at him to ask if he wanted a turn in me, but he just smiled and shook his head.

I played with Ray's shrunken cock while the hispanic man dressed and left. Sensing that the action was coming to a close, George looked at the cum coating me and suggested a shower. The three of us jumped into the shower and washed off, then dressed. Both Ray and George kissed me, and I left with a sore ass and a big smile.

Ray eventually got divorced and moved in with a 20 year old guy. Every so often, I'd go over when his boyfriend was gone and get my ass pounded by his monster cock again. George would invite me over occasionally when his wife was out of town. That man loved to fuck, and I did my best to make sure he wanted me to keep coming back. Between the two of them, with Ray's big cock and George's vicious poundings, they kept me satisfied for quite a while.