 It felt odd for my son and me to be squatting naked together, his back rubbing against mine, but I was sure it must feel even stranger for his best mate Marcus who was lying out on our front room carpet, facing upwards at our two splayed bums and pressing the twinned heads of a double-ended dildo against each of our arseholes.

It wasn't the most typical Saturday night in the Furlong household but, then again, it wasn't especially surprising that we'd ended up in this position either.

My friend Guy - who was watching us with intent amusement - had spied in on my son and his friend from university the night before when they'd been enjoying a noisy bout of sex together. To his surprise, and to mine to after Guy had urged to me look in on them too, they'd been pleasuring themselves using a black length of rubber called a 'double-ender' - this being the dildo that was now poised at my butt.

I'd been immediately fascinated by the position they'd got themselves into and had been desperate to try it for myself. Guy had made it bluntly clear he didn't want a dildo up his butt - just as he stressed on a fairly regular basis that the only thing he was willing to have up there was my tongue. Obviously, I couldn't ask my son's friend if he'd be willing use the dildo with me: the two of them were regular fuck-buddies and, in any case, I'd only just met Marcus about four days before.

But I was determined to try out the incredible double-ended dildo and, since Guy and Marcus were out of the running, that only left one contender for the job.

I'd talked to my son that morning and had mooted the idea, very carefully of course, that I might like to try double-ending with him. He'd agreed that the suggestion wasn't actually that weird once we'd laid down some ground rules and it and had ended up being quite keen on trying it. We decided that as long as there was to be strictly no touching each other and that we'd use the dildo together in front of our two friends to keep the mood light and jokey, then there wasn't any real chance of it damaging the strong relationship we had as father and son.

So that's how we'd got to where we were now, the two of us naked and with our big floppy cocks dangling down towards the floor, pressing our bum-cheeks firmly together and trying not to giggle from being tickled by the wiry hair from each other's arse-cracks.

Our friends were both still fully clothed and eager to watch us perform, with Jake's university friend lying out underneath us and peering upwards as he levelled the two heads of the dildo against our buttholes.

"I always thought Jake had a big pair of balls, Mr Furlong, but yours are absolutely massive! They're... well... they're just awesome!"

I smiled over at Guy who looked highly amused.

"It can be quite a curse," I told him, thinking of how restricted I was in my choice of underwear.

"Yeah," Guy chortled. "He has to empty the bloody things about three times a day! If he doesn't keep nutting off, they get so big he can't fasten his trousers up."

Marcus chuckled. "All those times you went up to your bedroom, Mr Furlong, there I was thinking you just needed a bit of solitary me-time."

"Naah, he was bashing his beef," Guy asserted. "He's always at it!"

I didn't deny it, although usually I crept along to the computer in the spare room to help me attend to such matters. More importantly, though, I didn't blush either: I quite enjoyed the feeling that the four of us were all men together and could banter like this with amusement as friends.

Marcus pushed the twinned heads of the dildo firm against mine and Jake's bums. We both flinched and I felt the slick, shiny rubber slide smoothly deep up into me.

"Oh look! I got a hole in one, Mr Furlong!" Marcus triumphantly declared.

Guy laughed, "Yeah, that was always gonna be the easy bit!"

Jake gasped as the rubber eased more slowly through his tighter butt-hole and pushed its way into his less well-used tunnel.

He grunted, "Ah, yeah!" and pushed his bum down against it. I pushed mine down too but Marcus scolded my haste.

"Don't be greedy, Mr Furlong! You've already got about half of it in you."

I muttered, "Sorry, I hadn't realised," and he pulled a few inches of it back out of me to feed to Jake.

That's when the smell first kicked in: the smell of the first of the two Furlong arses, smeared down the dildo as it emerged from my bum.

It was strong and crude: the bitter and bracing smell that my sexual companions always tell me they greatly enjoy when they're using my back passage for us to have intercourse as two men.

Marcus sniffed the gathering odour curiously. He knew the smell already from watching Guy and me making love the previous night, but was also intimately acquainted with it from having my son's less robust version regularly waft up to him from his well-ploughed behind.

He said, "This is... er... going to be quite something once you the two of you get going!"

Jake sniffed the air too, no doubt recognising the paternal version of his own bum stink.

"Yeah!" he laughed. "This room's gonna reek to high heaven once that dildo starts getting all wet and slimy from both our butts!"

I noticed Marcus reach down to the crotch of jeans and roughly adjust himself. Either he was growing a hard-on which needed shifting to give it room or, more likely, had already been aroused by peering up at us from underneath and my bum odour had made his erection painful from where it was straining against his tight little boxers.

Guy laughed too and splayed himself out on the settee. "This is gonna be a fucking good show!"

I saw that he also had to adjust the front of his trousers - did the smell of male anal sex have the same effect on all men? - and I noticed his bulge was far more prominent than Marcus'.

Guy went on, "I think it's great that you pair are so totally comfortable with each other that you can do something like this without either of you getting all freak-out about it. You don't know how lucky you are to be so relaxed about stuff like this."

I beamed over at him and I think Jake smiled too.

He added, "I mean, imagine me and my lad Simon, squatting stark bollock naked together working a big black double-ender up our two hairy arses!"

Marcus gasped, "Fuck yeah!" and banged his head against the dildo he was still working up inside Jake.

"Sorry," he muttered, "but what do you mean? Does he have a mobile? Could you get him over here? Is his bum really that hairy?"

Guy chortled with laughter. "No, I just meant that he would never do something like that. He's way too uptight about sexual stuff, and even if he wasn't there's no way my arse is getting anything dick-shaped shoved up it."

Marcus nodded with disappointment and got back to getting the dildo just right. I felt a little more of it slide out of me as he pushed it deeper up Jake's far less commodious bum.

The smell from its slimy surface was growing steadily stronger. Every time we were beginning to get used to it and it seemed like it was abating, Marcus would fiddle with the dildo and we'd all get a fresh blast.

He called out from underneath us, "For such a clean-cut guy, Mr Furlong, your backside sure kicks out a hell of a stink!"

Guy laughed raucously. "I can vouch for that, mate! Good job I find it so fucking horny!"

"Yeah, I'm not saying it's a bad thing. It's like Jake's, which I obviously really like, but... well... so much more intense."

Again I didn't blush: after all, why should I? It was natural that, with big black dildo emerging from my slimy innards, the room should start smelling increasingly strongly of my arse. But more importantly, I liked it that everyone was clearly enjoying my most intimate odour: even my son who was probably looking forward to his own bum stink amplifying his dad's.

At last happy with the way he'd set the dildo up, Marcus pulled out from underneath us and went to sit alongside Guy on the settee. Now they really did look like our audience: Jake and I squatting side-on to them, our buttocks pressed together and the thick black rubber of the dildo making a 'U' shape underneath us as it connected us together bum-to-bum.

Jake said, "Okay, dad, now we sort of both push back against the dildo. It's not like fucking, where one guy takes the lead and the other works against him. It's more of a collaboration - the dildo should stay still and the two of us work ourselves against it together with the same force and rhythm."

"Sounds a bit complicated," I grinned over at our spellbound viewers.

"It's well worth it, though," Marcus called over. "Once you're both into it, it's like nothing you've ever felt!"

Jake started pushing back a bit so I worked my buttocks hard against his. I liked the feel of his muscular butt-cheeks pressing firmly against mine and I pushed my splayed cheeks roughly into them so that the sweaty hairs of my arse-crack would bristle coarsely into his own.

He slowly pulled away from me and so I followed his lead. Then we started doing it over and over, pushing our bums together with a small moist slap and then pulling them apart and letting the dildo withdraw from us both.

"Fuck yeah!" Guy called out. "Work your big sweaty arses together!"

His hand was rubbing at the large bulge he was making in his jeans; his movements overtly masturbatory as Marcus kept glancing over at, apparently struggling to decide whether he wanted to look at that or what Jake and I were doing.

We were slowly increasing our speed, our backs rubbing together as our buttocks moved back and forth against each other. I laughed over at Guy and he beamed at me: he knew what a big deal it was for me to be behaving like this in front of him and Marcus. 

"I love the way your two sets of knackers are dangling down," he announced. "For an eighteen-year-old lad, Jake, you've got a massive pair of nuts!"

As Marcus had indicated, double-ending like this did indeed feel very pleasant. Not only the sensation of the dildo, working steadily more quickly in and out of my gaping hole, but the act of cracking my buttocks against Jake's was surprisingly erotic in spite of him being my son.

This was anal sex at its absolute purest: only our bums were being stimulated and we had both of our arseholes being filled at the same time.

"Oh God!" Marcus gasped. "Look at their dicks!"

Guy laughed raucously. "Bloody hell! It's like watching a couple of mushrooms grow up in fast forward on one of those nature programmes!"

I realised my cock was rising upwards in its excitement and from what Guy had said it was clear that Jake's was too.

I grinned over at Marcus who was beaming at me with delight. "I knew you'd enjoy it, Mr Furlong!" he smirked.

I chuckled, loving him watching my cock lengthening and thickening as it slowly curved upright, my foreskin pulling back from its swollen purple helmet without me so much as touching it.

As I'd expected, the crude and unmistakable smell that I was smearing down the dildo, was joined quite conspicuously by my son's more pungent and characteristically ripe anal odour. We all sniffed it - all four of us - and my grin towards Marcus and Guy broadened. They were by now both rubbing at the large mounds making their crotches rise up, relishing the double Furlong stink that was wafting over to them from the father and son's dildo-filled arseholes.

We started slamming our bums against each other, the huge black length of rubber staying put as our holes frantically consumed and discharged it over and over, with the two of us working in unison. Our butt-cheeks made rhythmic slapping noises, growing steadily louder and faster as our pleasure intensified, and Jake started gasping, driving himself back against me with increasing force.

Guy called out, "Oh Jesus! This is so fucking hot! I'm gonna have to wank off!"

I looked over at him, sweating profusely from my brow, whacking my arse against my son's as the dildo drove into us both, pummelling our dissimilar holes in delicious harmony. I could feel my face was bright scarlet and my cock was throbbing like I urgently needed to masturbate too, but I resisted the urge for the sake of prolonging this exquisite moment.

Guy yanked his jeans and boxer shorts down to his knees and started jerking his big, thick manly cock without even sitting back down. Marcus stared at it, enrapt by how turned on Guy's swollen manhood looked and then jumped up to undo his belt and fly and hastily tug his own clothing down.

As the two of them stood open-legged alongside us pounding at their cocks, Jake and I continued working ever more quickly against each other, my son's pert round arse whacking more loudly against my own. We were both panting like we'd just finished an uphill sprint together and it seemed like the whole room was filling with the stink from our bowels and what our gaping, slippery arseholes were smearing on the dildo.

"You all right, dad?" I heard Jake gasp.

"All right, son?" I replied through my heaving breaths. "I'm having the time of my life!"

"We don't half stink, though!" he laughed between a couple of heavy pants of his own. "Do you think it's okay?"

We kept banging our arses into each other, gasping as the twin ends of the dildo reached so deeply up into our innards.

"Don't you like it?" I asked him breathlessly.

"Yeah!" he panted over his shoulder. "Do you?"

"Do I like the smell of anal sex?" I laughed back. "No, Jake - I love it!"

"You don't mind how strong it is, though?" he persisted. "How rough it stinks with both our bums having it up them?"

"It's the smell of male penetration," I told him. "It's one of the sexiest smells there is!"

"Well, let's crank it up further," he breathlessly whispered. "Relax your bum as open as it gets!"

I knew what he was intending and I did as he suggested. He obviously tried relaxing his own butt too because he let out a loud fart.

"Oops sorry!" he giggled but then, loosening my own bowels, I accidentally released an even louder one of my own. The two of them combined to make our stink even more potent.

"Oh Jesus!" Guy called out, his hand whacking frantically at his cock. "The smell from your fucking arses is gonna bring me off!"

Marcus was pounding his own dick too. "I've never smelled it so strong! Christ, it stinks so rough... but it's just so hot!"

With our bowel muscles more relaxed and our gases thankfully expelled, we could make much longer, sweeping thrusts against each other, using almost the whole length of the dildo. We started really plunging ourselves onto it, both our bums rising high up and away from each other and then slapping roughly and noisily back together, the long black snake of the toy ramming deep up inside us.

"Give me all you've got, dad," I heard Jake struggle to say. "Really slam your arse hard against mine!"

"Bottom, Jake!" I managed to gasp.

"What?"

"Bottom's more polite."

We thrashed our buttocks into each other, the cheeks bright red and risking a couple of days' bruising, with the air in the room now thick and rank with the uninhibited double stink of our joint anal sex.

I heard someone whimpering and after Jake had asked me if I was okay a few times, I realised with some astonishment that it was actually me.

I gasped, "I really need to climax! I'm just so desperate!"

Guy waddled over with his trousers around his knees and I thought he was going to reach down and start jerking my cock for me. Instead, when he was right up in front of me, he swivelled around to turn his back on me and leaned forwards to present me with his hairy splayed butt-crack.

"Rim me, Rob," he commanded. "As deep as you can."

Aware that that would only serve to get me even more sexually wound-up, I nevertheless complied and plunged my face between his large, muscular cheeks.

"Ah, nice one! Yeah!" Marcus cried on seeing me rimming Guy's big manly behind, before Jake asked him what Guy was doing, seemingly unwilling to crane his neck around that far.

"Your dad's licking out Mr Leeson's bum," Marcus announced, his hand making slapping sounds on his dick that were even faster than the louder cracking noises of me and my son's buttocks thumping together.

"Let me do the same for you!" Jake cried out and Marcus staggered over to have his own bum rimmed by my son.

I drove my tongue rapidly in and out of my lover's delicious anal ring and revelled in the bliss of rich and pungent tastes lurking deep up in his rectum.

I heard Guy laugh and say, "Yeah! Get me nice and wet, big boy!"

And I was thinking, "Why the hell are you doing this to me? I was already whimpering from over-excitement, my cock just about bursting open it was so hard... why would you make me rim you as well?"

Suddenly, Guy pulled away from me and angled his backside downwards towards my cock.

He looked back at me with a grin, and said, "Come on then, Rob, bum me like you've been wanting to! Shove your cock up my hole!"

I called out, "Oh yeah, Guy! Please! Let me fuck your arse!"

He laughed and said, "It's all yours, mate!" and then he plunged his big rump slap down onto my cock. I grabbed my shaft and jabbed the head firmly against his hot, slick hole and, to my gasping relief, my copiously-applied spit allowed me to slide it into him.

I wrapped my arms around him and started making love to him quickly, first with the top couple of inches of my cock but gradually with more and more of it as his bowels steadily grew used to this new and insistent intruder.

I was whimpering again, the pleasure of being able to penetrate Guy while still connected to my son almost too great for me to be able to cope with.

"Your dad's fucking Mr Leeson," Marcus told Jake. "He has his cock just about all the way up his arse!"

"Crouch down the same, then," Jake gasped pulling his face out from his butt-crack. "Let me fuck you like they are, the four of us in row!"

The rhythm of Jake's bum stopped as he worked himself up his friend's wet chute, and when it started up again, it was if anything more rapid, as the two of us enjoyed anal intimacy with our lovers back-to-back with the dildo still lodged up our thrusting bums.

Guy staggered further forwards so that his arms were outstretched on the carpet and knelt down so that he could stick his big, manly arse out towards me. I shifted my hands down his sides to grab at his hips, and then mounted him properly in the doggy position. This was my favourite of all the many ways of copulating with another man and I was so pleased that Guy had chosen to give himself to me in this way.

I fucked him hard and fast, with me squatting and him kneeling on all fours. I loved watching my cock driving in and out of his big, solid bum-cheeks, and sniffed eagerly at the wonderfully crude odour that was wafting upwards from his virgin hole.

"Oh God yeah!" Jake cried out and I swung my head around to see what he was doing. He was holding Marcus by the shoulders and was fucking him just as roughly as I was fucking Guy.

I couldn't believe we were doing this with the dildo still connecting us: the two of us making love to our respective men in this position; our butts pounding against each other and our rectums bound exquisitely together.

It was, to say the least, utterly incredible. I had never felt such intense ecstasy, to be honest; I can hardly describe how it felt to be experiencing this new level of intimacy with Guy while I had the same big rubber shaft up inside me that my son had inside him.

As the four of us pounded away together, the brash smell from Guy's newly-ploughed entrance and the more earthy richness from Marcus' more frequently traversed hole combined to add to the much rougher stink of mine and Jake's double-ended enjoyment. The hot air in the room became a vulgar cacophony of four men's differing anal scents: the crude, pungent fug from the dildoed arseholes of the father and son being thrillingly enhanced by the deeper, carnal odours from our lovers' bowels as the two of us so rapidly and forcefully buggered them.
