 SUNDAY MORNING

George woke and realized he was alone and naked in bed. He cleared his eyes and then felt his morning erection. As he lay there, he thought about the past three days. A voice broke his train of thought and looked up to see Trey enter the bedroom. He was also naked and his tapered cock was semi-hard.

"Well will you look at our Georgi Girl with a woody. Feeling a bit randy this morning?"

"Yes!"

"Of course, you are. What can I do for you?"

"I need your dick in my ass."

George could not believe those words came out of his mouth. On Friday he was a virgin and by Sunday he was insatiable for cock. In just a short time he had become an accomplished cock sucker and a very good fuck. The two roommates just loved his bubble butt.

IT BEGAN ON FRIDAY

It was in September 1970, Trey and Dutch were in a nearby watering hole where they often stopped for drinks on a Friday after work. If they had dates, then they passed on the bar. That night they didn't have dates and they didn't on Saturday either. They were supposed to go out with Marilyn and Marcia again but Marilyn got sick and Marcia didn't want to have entertain the guys on her own.

The previous weekend had been wild and both guys fucked both girls. Marilyn loved anal sex and she talked Marcia into trying it. She was okay with Trey sticking his slender tapered cock in her ass but when it came to Dutch she freaked out. By the time Sunday rolled around Marcia was taking both cocks in her ass and she had learned to eat pussy too. 

Trey and Dutch were handsome fit guys and they were both sexual predators. Trey, 25 years old, was 6'0" and a trim 170 pounds. Dutch was 6'2" and 185 pounds, he was 26 years old. The two of them roomed together, worked in the same department at the same company. They vacationed together, skied together, dove together, played golf and tennis together and worked out together. Most of the time they were fucking the same girls together.

They both had had bisexual experiences in college and on vacation a couple of times. They were not interested in cock but they would entertain a good blow job from a cute gay guy. They would even fuck an effeminate looking gay with a nice ass. One time on a dive trip in the keys, they met a very good-looking young gay. In fact, he could have been called beautiful. The three hooked up and they spent four nights getting their cocks sucked and fucking the lovely ass.

Now at the bar, Trey and Dutch were discussing what to do that weekend now that the girls had bailed. That night George Andrews walked in the bar for the very first time. He had never stopped after work but that night he did not feel like going straight home. He was only one year out of college and still lived at home. George looked around and saw Trey and Dutch seated at a table. Trey then spotted George.

"Hey Dutch, look, isn't that George from accounting?"

"Yeah it is."

"I think he is gay."

"He could be, he's cute enough and has a nice ass on him."

"Should we invite him over?"

"Sure, who knows, maybe we'll get our cocks sucked tonight. We don't have any other plans."

Trey got George's attention and waved him over. "Hi George, do you want to join us? No reason to drink alone."

"That is very nice of you. I didn't feel like going straight home this evening. I'll be right back; I have to use the restroom."

George set his drink down. Trey and Dutch watched him walk toward the men's room and they admired his shapely ass. Dutch offered.

"Nice ass, I could bring myself to fuck that one."

"You can bring yourself to fuck anything. Should we take him back to our place?"

"Yeah let's and see what happens."

George returned and the three of them chatted amiably and finished their drinks. Trey then invited George to have a drink at their place.

"Really, that's very nice of you. How do I get there?"

"I'll ride with you and we'll follow Dutch to the complex."

The three of them left the bar and drove over to the apartment complex. Trey and Dutch had a two-bedroom, two-bath apartment that was very roomy. Once inside, Dutch got drinks for them. George had requested a white wine, which they had because the girls drank that too. Trey then quizzed George on his lifestyle while Dutch sat and listened. 

"So, George, do you have a girlfriend?"

"No, I haven't been dating girls."

"A boyfriend then?"

"No, I don't have a boyfriend."

"Do you like men?"

"I think so but I haven't been with anyone."

"So then, do you think that you are gay?"

"Probably but I'm inexperienced."

"Are you a virgin?"

"Yes, I haven't had sex with anyone."

"So, you have not come out as a gay?"

"No, I'm kind of afraid. I don't feel comfortable approaching a guy."

"Have you been to any gay clubs, bars?"

"No, they make me nervous as I might meet someone who would be too rough."

"Well this is your lucky night. I'm going to let you suck my cock and then you will suck Dutch's."

George just stared as Trey stood up and dropped his pants and boxers. He sat back down and called George over to him. George knelt on the floor and stared at the 6+" uncut cock that slowly became erect. He was unsure of how to begin. 

"Take it in your hand and play with it for bit. Stroke and get ready for your mouth."

George took the cock in his hand and for the first time in his life he was holding a dick other than his own. He stroked it as he would his own and then it was time to take the next step. He leaned in and took the head in his mouth. Then he took more and he liked the feel of the soft skin against the roof of his mouth. Trey barked out instructions and George followed them as he sucked his first cock.

He got into it and his head bobbed smoothly up and down on the tapered shaft. George felt his own cock harden in his pants as testimony to how turned-on he was getting. Trey felt the familiar sensation and he knew he was close. He did not warn George but instead came in the virgin mouth. The first blast stunned George and he stopped sucking. His eyes got wide and he looked confused.

"Swallow it," Trey yelled.

George swallowed the big load and then more cum filled his mouth. He kept swallowing as the dick kept spurting. Once it stopped, George kept the cock in his mouth and milked it dry. Trey was pleased and George was thrilled that he finally had his first cock.

"Georgi, that was fantastic. You are a natural. Now go and show Dutch how good you can suck cock."

George had forgotten about Dutch being in the room. He turned to look at him seated in the other chair. Dutch had already lowered his pants and boxers and he was stroking a very impressive cock. It was just over seven inches long and it was thicker than Trey's. George held it in his hand and marveled at it. 

"You're big."

"Well bigger than Trey."

George leaned in and took just the head in his mouth and he could feel his jaw stretch a bit to accommodate the thickness. He managed to take four inches in his mouth but that was all without gaging. It was enough for Dutch and he liked the way George sucked cock. Within minutes he was cumming in George's mouth and George was swallowing the discharge rapidly. In less then 30 minutes he had sucked two cocks and swallowed two enormous loads. Trey then spoke up.

"Well done Georgi, you were outstanding sucking your very first cocks. Now let's get our clothes off and go to the bedroom."

George watched the two studs take off their clothes and then he too disrobed. He was a bit embarrassed because he had a boner. George was 5'7" and weighed around 150 pounds. His body was slender and flawless. He had very fair skin and was virtually hairless. His cock when hard was between 4-5inches and very slender.

"Come with me Georgi, we're going to shower first."

Trey led George into the bathroom and turned on the shower. When they water was warm, they showered together. Trey loved the super smooth skin on George's body. Trey turned George to face the shower wall and then George felt a tube enter his ass. He panicked.

"What's going on? What are you doing?"

"Relax, I'm douching your ass. I'm getting it ready to be fucked. I want it super clean."

George tried to relax as he felt the liquid shoot into him. It felt strange but he liked the sensation. Trey then removed the nozzle. 

"There we go, All clean and ready for my cock."

"You're going to fuck me?"

"Of course, you'll love it. Come let's dry off and get to bed."

They entered the bedroom and George was placed in bed on all fours. Dutch sat in a chair and watched. Trey got the lube that they always used on the girls and he applied it to George's ass. George found that he liked having a finger in his ass as it was something he often did when he masturbated at home. Once Trey was satisfied that George was ready, he moved in behind the lovely slender gay. George was still worried.

"Is this going to hurt?"

"You'll feel more pressure than pain. I'm told that I have the perfect cock to break in a virgin ass. I'll be gentle."

George felt the slender dick slide in and out. Trey was right there wasn't any pain just a feeling of fullness in his rectum. He felt hands on his buttocks caressing them and then Trey said in a soft voice.

"You have a beautiful ass. I could fuck this ass all night."

The fucking and caressing continued and then George felt Trey's hand on his cock. It felt good to be stroked while being fucked. It was another first for him as a hand different from his own held his cock. George had opened up and the slender tapered cock moved easily within him. It was a glorious feeling and he would always remember his first time. 

George then felt Trey slow down and then he felt the surge of warm liquid gush into his rectum. Trey held his hips until he finished shooting and then he caressed the lovely buttocks. George could not explain the feeling of cum shooting into his rectum. It was exhilarating. Trey left his cock in the sweet ass and George learned to use his sphincter to milk the shaft free of semen. The milking action kept Trey hard. George then remembered Dutch's cock and he prayed that Dutch would not fuck him

Trey resumed fucking George and Dutch got on the bed in front of the pretty gay.

George leaned in and took the even bigger cock in his mouth as Trey continued to work his in deeper. Suddenly to his surprise and immense pleasure, Trey's hand enveloped his cock and began stroking it. He was overcome with lust and relaxed as Trey's cock hit bottom. Trey fucked the beautiful shapely ass and caressed it. 

It didn't take long for George to cum as he was overwhelmed having his cock stroked while he was sucking cock and getting fucked at the same time. He couldn't imagine anything more pleasurable and exciting. Right after he came, Dutch flooded his mouth and George swallowed every drop. Trey came again too but it was a much smaller ejaculation. George flopped down on the bed. He was so happy it seemed to be a fantasy come true. Dutch then spoke.

"Georgi, why don't you spend the night with us?"

"Really, I would love to."

"Good, we'll all sleep in the same bed tonight."

"I should call my parents and let them know I won't be home."

"Sure, the phone is in the kitchen, tell them you staying at a friend's place."

Trey turned to Dutch and whispered. "Are you going to try and fuck him?"

"Yeah, tomorrow. I figure that you will fuck him a couple more times and then I'll take his ass. He should be loose enough by then."

George returned to the bedroom and the three of them slept naked in the same bed. George was ecstatic about his coming out. Both Trey and Dutch were so considerate of him, he hoped he would spend all day Saturday with them.

SATURDAY A DAY TO REMEMBER

The three guys slowly awoke on Saturday morning. They were all naked in bed and all sporting morning erections. Trey rolled George to his side and entered him from behind. It was a new position for George to be fucked in the spoon position. Dutch gave his cock to George to suck on and Trey gave George a reach around. Trey had no problem jerking George off. George ejaculated first and then Trey filling the snug rectum with his seed. Dutch was the last to cum and this time he pulled his cock out and shot a huge load onto George's face. George then took the cock back in his mouth and sucked it dry. 

Dutch got out of bed and went to take a shower. When he came out, he dried off dressed and announced that he was going to the store. "I'll pick up some muffins for breakfast."

"Put the coffee on your way out, I'm going to fuck Georgi again. Roll over on your belly Georgi. Push up on your knees slightly. Yeah that's it."

Staring the entire time at the beautiful curvy ass, Trey lowered his body onto the effeminate co-worker. Trey held his erect cock in his hand and guided it to the taut rubbery ring. George moaned softly as the tapered cock opened up his anus and filled his rectum. George's ass welcomed the cock into the warm snug passage. Trey began to fuck him with long steady deliberate strokes.

The two of them moved together as if George had done this many times. He rose up slightly on his knees while keeping his chest pressed against the bed. That move accentuated the roundness of his shapely ass. Trey loved the feel of the curvy buttocks as he drove his cock all the way home. He liked the way the smooth body felt under him. George groaned repeatedly each time Trey buried his cock in the snug channel.

Every time he drove his cock into the sweet bottom, George lifted his hips to receive the cock deep in his ass. They fucked slowly and maintained their rhythm and Trey wrapped his arms around George's upper body. Their bodies pressed together as they made love and Trey felt just like he was in the ass of Marcia. Trey was so wrapped up fucking the hot curvy ass that his ejaculation snuck up on him. Almost without warning he shot another massive load into George's gripping clenching rectum.

George groaned aloud when he felt the first stream shoot into him followed by several more streams nearly as forceful. Trey moved his hips in and out as he ejaculated into the pretty gay until he was nearly drained. Trey pressed his body into the slender body and remained still as George clenched and unclenched his sphincter muscle around the thick shaft. He was still hard when he removed his cock from the well fucked ass and rolled to his back. George turned over and took a hold of his own cute erection and stroked it in search of his release. Trey watched him jerk off. 

"Would you put your cock back in me and fuck me until I cum?"

"Gladly."

He moved back to George who lifted his legs to receive the cock again. Trey eased his cock back into the well lubed passage and began to fuck him again. George stroked his cock as Trey fucked him. Trey watched as George closed his eyes and he felt the sphincter tighten around his cock again, this time as George ejaculated. The load shot out in four or five streams and landed on his chest, abs and pubes. George rubbed the semen into his skin as he had done so many times when he masturbated at home.

Trey got up and went to the kitchen to get the coffee. He returned with two cups and handed one to George. They sipped the coffee as they sat propped up in bed. Minutes later, George had to use the bathroom.

"I have to poop."

"Take a shower too and wash your ass thoroughly. Douche it too."

George nodded and went to the bathroom. After he relieved himself, he showered and lathered up his ass. He pushed a soapy finger in his ass and then used the douche. He liked the feel of the nozzle in his bottom and the sensation of douching his rectum. He even got a boner. He stepped out and dried off and then put on his boxer underwear. Trey showered in the other bathroom and he tossed on a pair of gym shorts. The two of them were seated in the kitchen when Dutch arrived with the muffins. After they finished the coffee and muffins, Dutch was ready to fuck the pretty gay ass.

"Let's go back to bed. Trey, I want you to fuck him again before I do."

"I'm not sure that I can cum a third time so soon."

"You don't have to cum, just stretch him for my cock."

George panicked a bit and responded, "Dutch, I don't think that I can take your cock in my ass."

"Sure, you can and you will. I have fucked plenty of asses and I have never hurt anyone."

They went to the bedroom and got undressed. George lay face down on the bed and Trey lubed and prepped the lovely ass. Trey then eased his cock into the sweet bottom and it went in very easy. He fucked George briefly until Dutch told him to stop. 

Roll over Georgi, I want you on your back. I want to see your face when my cock goes into your hot ass."

Trey was anxious to see that too as he always enjoyed the initial reaction when someone felt Dutch's porker for the first time. George got on his back in bed and Dutch moved between the smooth shapely legs. He knelt close and lifted George's' legs up so that his anus was clearly visible. Dutch pulled the slender body close to him and let the head of his cock penetrate the taut anus. 

George stayed still as the large spongy cock head slipped into his ass. Dutch then pulled the young gay toward him again so that the backs of the thighs were resting on the front of Dutch's thighs. More of the big cock sank into the snug ass and worked its way past the sphincter muscle. George groaned out loud as the big dick worked its way into his ass. Dutch and Trey watched the expression on the pretty young face as he fed him more and more cock.

George grunted and groaned as Dutch gradually began to fuck him faster and deeper. Dutch loved the expression of George's face as it grimaced with each thrust. Trey then took a hold of the gay's cock and jerked him off. Dutch pulled out of the gripping ass and sprayed his cum all over the pretty young man. The seed landed on George's face, neck, chest and abs before it pooled around his pubes.

Dutch remained hard and he was not yet done with George. He rolled him over on all fours and put his cock back in the beautiful curvy ass. George knew that he would be in for a longer session this time. Dutch moved his cock slowly again allowing George to get used to it in that position. George felt the cock work its way in deeper and deeper until he could feel pubic hair tickling his buttocks. Trey again reached for the gay's erection and jerked him off as Dutch fucked him with long deep strokes.

"Oh Dutch. You were right. It feels so good, fuck me, fuck me with your big cock." 

Dutch took his time with the pretty gay as he loved watching his cock slide in and out of the curvy ass. He was getting close to cumming again and he picked up the pace fucking the young beauty. Trey was jerking on George's cock again as he too approached another orgasm. Dutch was pounding the sweet ass and George was pushing it back toward Dutch. The bed was shaking and the headboard was banging off the wall. 

"Oh yes that's it Dutch, cum in me this time. I want to feel your cum shooting into me."

"Here it cums Georgi." 

"Oh, I feel it. I feel your juice in my ass. I'm cumming again too," George cried out as Trey jerked on his cock.

George flopped face down on the bed lying in his own cum. He felt hands caressing his sensitive ass and he knew he was going to be fucked again but this time it would be Trey. George welcomed the feel of the smaller thinner cock in his bottom. He was not able to cum again but he moved his ass around pleasuring his host. Trey then released his load into the succulent ass and they were all done with sex for the morning. 

It took several minutes for everyone to compose themselves. Then they showered and put on shorts. George only had his boxers to wear but that was fine as they were not going out. Trey stripped the bed and replaced the sheets. He put the soiled ones in the wash. He smiled when he saw the evidence of all the cum stains. It was noon and Dutch made a batch of Bloody Mary's. They all had one before lunch and then they ate grilled cheese sandwiches.
