 This is a work of fiction. All characters are over the age of consent. I enjoy hearing from readers that enjoy my stories. Messages and comments are welcome. This story is mostly about man on man sex, not romance, or the politics of sexuality. If this sounds like something you'd like, read on and enjoy. 

____

"Dre, wake up...dude it's your turn to drive...Dre?"

I was coming out of a deep sleep, still unsure of where I was.

"Dude, I am starting to nod off. How about you drive for a while?"

We were driving to the Florida Keys in the Lexus of my friend Mike. Actually the car belonged to his parents. I had been sleeping for the past 4 hours in the passenger seat. As usual I woke with a big hard-on making a tent in my athletic shorts. Knowing that I was in the car with fellow Cock Club members Mike and Josh, I made no effort to hide my arousal.

Mike, who was driving, looked over at my bulge as I stretched in the seat, "There is a rest stop up ahead, we can trade off there and I can give you a little help with that 'problem' in your pants."

"Hmmmm that sounds great," as I spoke and yawned simultaneously.

It was about 2:00 am, somewhere in Georgia, and we pulled into a dark corner of the rest area parking lot. I was still half asleep, as Mike reached over and started rubbing my hard cock with the heel of his hand. All I could do was purr, as he pulled my shorts down. My rock hard cock sprang to attention, and Mike wasted no time sucking my dick into his mouth as he bent over.

"Damn Mikey that feels good, you really are a good friend."

Mikey was now stroking and sucking my cock with zeal. I could feel my hard tool invade his throat, as he went all the way down on me. He lifted his head up and squeezing my cock shaft hard, and pumped my dick as he grinned at me.

"I think a nice load of cum would be the perfect late night snack. Can you help me out with that?" He said as he returned to sucking and stroking.

All I could manage was a groan. My entire body tingled, as Mikey worked his magic. I looked over my shoulder and Josh was sleeping like a baby, either way I didn't care I was lost in the ecstasy of Mikey's oral talents. I closed my eyes and gave myself over to the feeling. My breathing became quick and erratic, and Mike picked up the pace. Like a wave, my body spasmed and I filled Mikey's mouth with a creamy load. He swallowed every drop and I shivered in delight, as he stroked my spent cock.

"You are such a hot cum slut." I said as Mikey smiled at me and licked his lips.

He leaned over and gave my a messy kiss on the mouth. "Okay bitch, it's your turn to drive, and my turn to sleep." He said with glee as he stepped out the driver's side door and walked around the car.

As we passed each other, I pulled him to me and pushed him up against the car. "You know you are going to get a nice long, hard thank you fuck for for that."

"Oh I am counting on that, now get behind the wheel you horny bastard," he said with a wink.

The next ten hours was a monotonous blur of driving, dozing off and cookie cutter rest stops. We finally arrived at our destination, Key West. The navigation system in the Lexus lead us right to the dock where we would be boarding our home for the next few days the "Gran Cazzo."

The Gran was a Hylas 54' single mast yacht. It was a beautiful vessel rigged for luxury cruising. The captain of the boat was a "C" Club member who graduated a few years earlier. His name was Chris but we just called him Captain most of the time. His job was to take the owners of the yacht, or their clients, out when ever they were in the Keys, which wasn't very often.

Captain Chris, an old friend of Mikey, invited us down for a couple of days for some fun and sun since the boat was just sitting idle.

I discovered that once a member of the "C" Club always a member of the "C" Club. This was going to be an official "C" Club outing.

Chris was in his late 20s, average height, broad shoulders, and thick shoulder length blonde hair and clear blue eyes. No surprise that he had a deep tan and that salty dog air about him that put you at ease. Mike shouted, "Ahoy," as Chris leapt off the boat onto the dock to greet us.

As we exchanged introductions, I enjoyed the view of the Captain's toned abs. He was wearing a white button down shirt that was open in the front. I also noticed that he was wearing a rather small speedo that did little to hide what appeared to be an impressive package. I had to pull my gaze away from his crotch. However , I must have stared a little too long as he smiled at me knowingly.

It was midday and the heat of the sun was sweltering. Captain said he wanted to get out of the intense heat of the harbor and underway to cooler water. He showed us aboard, and brought us into the cabin below to stow our gear.

As our eyes adjust to the light below deck, we were greeted with the a distinct Jamaican accent, "Welcome to da Gran Cazzo."

"This is my first first mate, cook, engineer, and all around Jamaican stud, Robby. Robby is also a "C" Club member, U class of 2010," said the Captain.

Robby was 6' tall, with jet black skin and light green-grey eyes. He had dread locks that had bronze and brown highlights, probably from the tropical sun. His body was thin but muscular, and he wore a batik wrap like a skirt around his waist.

Robby held up a large stainless steel bowl and said, "as soon as we cast off we will have lunch...Ceviche and some ice cold Red Stripes!"

Josh said with a laugh, "Robby you're going to be my best friend!"

We stowed our gear, and soon the Gran was under sail. It was a beautiful boat, and we enjoyed our lunch and some cold beers, as we cruised the gin clear waters of the Keys. We were all feeling pretty good, and getting along like old friends. Mike produced a joint, and after it made the rounds, I noticed that the talk was full of sexual innuendo.

We cruised for another hour, chatting, laughing, and just kicking back. The water ahead became a lighter color, and Chris said that we had arrived at today's destination, a little reef that was off the path of the snorkeling and dive charters. Chris showed us how to set the anchor, while Robby broke out an array of dive masks and fins.

"Alright now you pale Yankees, before anyone get's in the water, you need to grease up wit da sunblock." said Robby as he held up a big bottle of SPF 30 lotion. "The way we do it, you buddy up and grease up your friend, don't miss any spots! Let me show ya."

Robby squeezed a generous amount into his hand, and turned me around. The cold sunscreen made me tense, as he rubbed in all over my back. Soon the lotion and his warm, big hands felt good, as he worked the lotion into my skin. Robby bent down, and spread the sunblock on my thighs, his hands often rubbing against my speedo clad balls and ass.

I said, "Robby you are good at that, feels like a massage."

He replied, "There are lots of things I am good at, maybe later I'll show you a few."

I wanted to jump him right there. I was distracted by the clowning of Josh. He squirted a large amount of sunscreen on his chest and rubbed himself up and down against his buddy, Captain Chris. Joshed pulled on the front of the Captain's speedo and said, "What about cocks, do we need to grease those up too?"

"Save that for later lover boy, we'll have plenty of time for that, " said Chris as he grab a mask and snorkel and a pair of fins and dove off the stepped transom.

The snorkeling was superb. After a couple of hours I noticed I was the last one in the water. I swam back to the stern and pulled myself up next to Robby, who was sitting with his legs in the water, his warm body felt good touching my shoulder.

"Wow that was amazing! All those fish, and the coral, and did you see that grouper, he was huge...hey where is everyone?" I blurted in an excited thread of babble.

"Ya man, it's amazin. The others are all below in the cabin should we go see what they are up to?"

Robby stood, his crotch at my eye level, he peeled off his tight swim suit, and his big uncut cock hung free in front of my face. My mouth fell open involuntarily, as I stared hungrily at his man meat. He took his swim suit and wrung the water out of it. Smiling he looked down at me and grinned, then he turned and walked up to the cock pit. I followed, my growing erection stretching the nylon of my suit. Robby had an amazing round tight ass, and the sight of it it was making me more horny by the second.

We stepped down into the perfectly appointed cabin. It opened to a sitting area and galley. With the cabin door open, and we could see directly into the master stateroom and its large triangular berth in the bow. I wasn't surprised to see 3 naked bodies on the bed. We stopped at the doorway and took in the sight.

Chris was laying diagonally across the cushions, his eyes were closed and his mouth open, as Mike sucked on his sizable cock. Mike alternated between stroking Chris and vigorously licking his cock head. As I knew from past experience, Mikey was a talented cock sucker, taking most of the Captain's fat 8" tool down his throat. Mikey was doing a good job on keeping Chris on the edge of orgasm. Chris tightly clutched the sheets covering the birth. I could tell that he was enjoying the blow job.

Mikey had his ass in the air so that Josh could give him a good rimming. We could see Josh's hard cock swinging between his legs, as he worked Mikey's hole. There was a lot of moaning, and Robby and I took in the scene, transfixed by this real life porno movie taking place in front of us. I slid behind Robby and put my arms around his waist, my hard tool wedged between his firm round ass cheeks. He pushed back against me as we watched the 3-way on the birth, the underside of my cock rubbing against Robby's asshole.

From behind I reached around and took Robby's hard cock in my hand and slowly stroked. His cock was at least 9" long and uncut. His dick was beautiful and black with silky smooth skin. As I stroked him I watched his foreskin pull back to reveal the pinkish tip of his cock head glistening with pre-cum. I licked and nibbled on his neck tasting the saltiness of the ocean.

Robby turned and we kissed deeply. His lips were full, and his tongue pushed into my mouth and I sucked on it. We rotated our hips and our hard cocks slid over each other. The erotic tension was palpable. Robby's cock head rested on my abs and I could feel the wetness as it leaked goodness onto me. Our hands explored each other as we made out like teenagers in the backseat.

Robby looked me in the eyes and said, "I missed Cock Club, so glad you came to visit man."

I lead him to the couch and had him sit. I crawled on the floor between his legs and took his shaft in my hand. I admired his rigid black dick momentarily, how I loved cock. With my right hand around the shaft and my left hand cradling his large balls, I stroked his member slowly. I watched the foreskin cover and uncover his cock head. Robby's cock head was more round than helmet shaped. His pre-cum oozed out in lovely clear drops making the bulbous head glisten. As my hand moved up on his shaft it pushed up his foreskin and his pre-cum oozed out. I greedily licked his nectar off the pee hole with relish, as Robby moaned in ecstasy.

"Mmmmm fuck Dre, that's some good cock sucking baby." Robby moaned as I took his dick in my mouth and started to suck him in ernest.

I glanced over into the state room and saw Mike on all fours. Captain Chris was working his fat dick into Mike's ass. I could see his big long dick move in and out between Mikey's smooth buns. The Captain looked especially hot with his bronze skin contrasting with his white untanned ass. He was taking long slow deliberate stokes and the thought of getting fucked was turning me on.

As Mikey was getting his hole plowed, he was noisily sucking on Josh's fat pole. I could see the drool running down his chin, as the girth of Josh's dick had his mouth opened wide. Josh leaned over Mike's back and tongue kissed Chris, making the 3 of them into an erotic "A" shape. Although the threesome was tempting to watch, Robby's cock in my mouth brought my attention back to the job at hand, and I focused on his succulent penis.

I licked two fingers and I was rubbing his asshole as I sucked away. Robby twisted and moaned. He pushed my mouth away from his sex, and looked at me with a grin.

"Wait one second Dre. Let me grab some thing and I'll be right back."

He was a sexy sight, as his rock hard 9 inches swayed as strode across the cabin. He opened a cabinet and retrieved a bottle of lubrication.

I stood up and we embraced. My hands on his round firm ass.

I said grabbing his erection, "So who is going to get fucked first? This is a lot of cock!"

"Do you think you can handle it?" Said Robby with a quizzical look.

Laying down on the couch I said, "I'll give it the Ol'College try."

Robby moved between my legs, and squirted the lube on his cock and then on my ass. He rubbed his cock head against my hole, sending shivers up my spine. I did my best to relax, as he began to push in. There was some pain at first, but it quickly melted away, and I was enjoying the fullness of his large member.

Robby was a giving lover. He was attentive to my responses, and would vary his pace and depth. We kissed often and deeply, and I came to love his mouth as much as his cock. Robby was vocal, alternating his deep moans with whispers and words of dirty encouragement.

"Fuck Dre, you are so tight baby, you are fucking my cock so good. Shit this is some sexy fucking ass...mmmmmm...yeah...you love that big black cock...I know because you are so fucking hard."

I don't know for how long we were fucking, but soon we were both covered in sweat. Robby's beautiful black body glistened as he pounded my ass. I hooked my legs around his waist, and we were moaning like animals. Robby's balls slapping against my ass, and my legs wrapped around him holding on for dear life, as he fucked me senseless.

I filled my hands with his ass and panted my encouragement, "That's it stud, fuck me baby, fuck me hard with that big cock."

Robby exclaimed, "I'm going to cum man!"

He pulled out of me, and straddled my chest. He jacked his rock hard cock, and I placed my hand over his, encouraging his climax. All his abdominal muscles tighten, and his mouth opened. His cock was inches from my face, with a gasp he exploded.

The first rope of cum landed across my chin, nose and cheek. I stuffed his cock into my mouth, as another hot gush of spunk nearly drowned me. His massive load filled my mouth with alarming speed, the excess cum ran down my chin, as I swallowed determined not to waste any of Robby's ejaculate.

Robby was cumming a river, and I wanted it all. I took his cock in my hand and pumped the shaft, a large spurt hit my face, and I sucked his cock head back into my my mouth. In a frenzy, I licked and sucked all the delicious spunk off his cock. I loved the contrast of the pearly sperm with his black skin.

As his orgasm was subsiding, mine was building. I stood and yelled, "I am going to cum!"

Robby quickly slid down my body, and positioned himself in front of my cock, "give it to me Dre!"

I came in three convulsive milky sprays. The first on Robby's cheek, the second across his face, and the third in his mouth, as he sucked my cock between his lips. Robby kept sucking as the wave of orgasm rushed over me. My legs felt week and the sensation was amazing as Robby sucked all the cum from my cock.

I was brought out of my stupor by the whistles and clapping of Mikey, Josh and Chris.

Robby's mouth pulled away from my cock, with a long sticky strand of cum still connected to his lower lip, he said "thank you, thank you."

We were both a mess, and Robby licked the last bit of cum from my cock, as we received our congratulations.

Chris said, "Well that was quiet a christening, I hope you both have enough spunk for the rest of the cruise, because I think it's going to be something special."

We all laughed, as Josh handed me a towel. I knew this would be just one of many stories I would take away from this voyage.