 1

This was a terrible idea. I was sweating through the black Armani T-shirt purchased especially for the occasion, another decision I'd been rethinking since I left my house. The shirt was tight, and I was probably too old for it, and everybody was going to know as soon as they saw me. I was a fraud. I didn't belong here. I was just a straight guy with a curiosity that just wouldn't quit, but I wasn't gay.

You're already here. Don't pussy out. 

I pushed my fingers through my sweaty brown curls and pulled into the lot three blocks away in case they had cameras. I wasn't taking any chances. Being discovered at the Rabbit Hole would be professional suicide, and I'd worked too damn hard clawing my way up the corporate ladder to wind up in a heap at the bottom.

Or at the end of this long-ass line, where I'd have a solid hour to rethink my decision and weasel out of it. Nope, nope, nope. Plus, I'd promised myself I wouldn't turn forty without living out this fantasy, and I had—I tipped my Omega toward the lamppost—another forty-eight minutes before that happened. I knew what I had to do—I just needed the balls to make the move.

"You in line, or what?" A big muscle-bound bear breathed down his nose at me.

I tipped my face to the ground. "Uh...no, sorry." My heart pounded hard against my chest as I stepped out of line and walked along the row of people toward the bouncer at the door.

The guy was meant to be intimidating and he was. Large and angry-looking and outfitted like a Secret Service agent, squiggly cord extending from his earpiece and all. Without even glancing at me, the bouncer raised his arm and pointed. "Back of the line's that way, pal."

"I know," I answered, my shaky voice drawing the bouncer's amusement.

He folded his arms across his barrel chest. "If you know, then why are you still standing here?"

A few of the guys at the front of the line were listening now, having a good snigger at my expense. I could feel the sweat beading up on my forehead and under my arms.

Turn your ass around and get the fuck out of here. Go home to your wife and your safe life.

I started to turn away, but something bottled up for forty years inside me finally pushed back. I am fucking doing this tonight. I reached for the wallet in my back pocket, pulled out a hundred, and folded it between my fingers. If the message boards were right, I'd be inside soon. If not...I shuddered to think about what the bouncer's fist could do to my face.

I spun around and pushed the bill into the bouncer's palm. Leaning in, I said, "VIP room," then tacked on, "Please."

The man's scowl opened into a smirk that was even scarier. "Well, well, well. Why didn't you say so? Follow me."

I blew out a huge breath of relief, tucked my chin into my chest, and ignored the angry yells from the front of the line. The big man led me inside, and before I had a chance to look around, he pushed open a metal door and led me into a stairwell. Here's where I am going to die. 

Stop being a pussy.

I followed the dark suit up a flight of stairs, then another. The bouncer moved fast for such a big guy, and I found myself huffing and puffing by the time we reached the third floor. The man yanked open the metal door and held it open as I shuffled through. 

"Need to catch your breath?" I thought I caught a smirk on the bouncer's face.

"No...I'm...fine."

He flashed his teeth again. "Okay, Mr. V.I.P. This a-way." The bouncer lumbered down a narrow hallway, his wide shoulders practically bumping into the closed doors on either side. 

My heart was hammering against my chest, and not just because I was winded. We were so close. There was no turning back now.

We came to a solid wood door with the number five Sharpie'd at eye level. The bouncer turned the knob and gave the door a shove. "Here we are, the Taj Mahal." He chuckled darkly as I stepped inside. 

A gray cement floor and four black walls were lit by dimmed recessed lights. And there's what I came for—the oblong opening cut into the middle of one wall, the hole that would be at just the right height for my mouth after I knelt down in front of it. 

"Have fun, loverboy," the bouncer said as he turned away.

"Wait!" 

The man looked over his shoulder with narrowed eyes. "Sorry, pal. I'm not part of the deal."

"No, I don't...that's not..." Fuck, I had no idea what I was doing here. I had a million questions. Was I expected to talk? Was I allowed to get off? How long was I allowed to stay? Would I get more than one cock to suck? Did I want more than one?

The bouncer glared at me for a few seconds, then burst out laughing. "Jesus, this is your first time."

I could feel the heat rushing up my neck. Since I'd already made a complete fool of myself with this guy, I figured I had nothing to lose. "Should I...take my clothes off?" It wasn't the most important question on my mind, but it was the first to pop out of my mouth.

"That's between you...and the hole." With a smile that curdled my insides, the bouncer grabbed the knob and slammed the door shut.

I was alone.

Alone was good—that's why I'd paid the VIP rate. God knows, I couldn't afford to show my face in the communal pit—though, fuck, that was a hot fantasy I'd beaten off to more than once. All those cocks being sucked off all around me, all the moaning, the hot stench of body heat and arousal and spunk...

But no, alone was what I wanted. Well, not totally alone—I had been doing that for far too long—alone with whatever came through that wall.

I walked over to the hole on shaky legs and ran my fingertip around the edges. As I fingered the plaster, I imagined all the cocks that had thrust back and forth through this very hole into some stranger's waiting mouth. And any second now, one of the Rabbit Hole's "premium cocks," if the hype could be believed, was going to push through that hole because I had paid for the privilege. 

Jesus, I was hard as a rock. I wriggled my hand down the front of my jeans and palmed my shaft. Fuck! Just standing here was making me dizzy. I'd fantasized more times than I could count, watched glory hole porn till I'd given myself blisters. And now, it was finally happening. Happy fucking birthday to me. I'd get this out of my system once and for all—one and done. Had to be.

A door opened and shut on the other side, rattling the flimsy wall between us. I jumped to the side and held my breath. The last thing I needed was the guy on the other side sticking his eyeball up to that hole. Bad enough the bouncer and some of the guys in line had seen me. 

I flattened my back against the wall, waiting and listening with all my might while my pulse raced out of control, hammering so hard in my ears I could barely make out the sounds. The jangle of a belt buckle, the soft slide of a zipper, the rustle of clothes sliding to the floor. Heavy boots shuffled closer, just one thin wall dividing us. 

I imagined the man on the other side. What was running through his head right now, seconds from being sucked off by a complete stranger? His cock would be fattening up, getting hard for a hot, eager mouth. For my mouth. My cock twitched against my zipper, the ache building in my balls. 

And suddenly, there it was! A pair of sexy bikini briefs appeared, then moved closer, lining up so the hole was completely blocked. Fresh, crisp, white, snug, the kind I would have bought for myself if I had the abs or thighs to pull it off, which I never had, not even in my twenties. 

But he had it all, including the unmistakable outline of an enormous boner pushing against the material. I could see the whole glorious cock, lying on its side, waiting for me. My mouth watered with anticipation. I wanted that cock as I'd never wanted anything in my life.

A hand entered the picture and brushed across the bulge, side to side, base to tip, then moved away. The white lump moved closer, blocking out everything else. Your turn, it said.

I stood, paralyzed. My fantasy was standing right in front of me, and I couldn't fucking move.

His voice was soft, but it startled me. "You still there?"

Crap. I hadn't planned on talking. "Mmhmm."

He stroked himself again. "No need to be shy."

I sank to my knees and shuffled in front of the hole. My heart banged against my chest. The point of no return. I lifted my hand, flattened my palm against the length of the bulge and pressed. The cock pressed back. Hello. I held my breath as I slid the heel of my hand toward the tip. The cock twitched.

The second time was easier. I got a little braver, curling my fingers around the shaft as I palmed it and stroked it again and again. Between strokes, the cock waited patiently and silently, but as soon as I touched it again, the hips pushed forward, pressing that hard cock against my hand. Fuck, it liked me. We got into a rhythm, my hand and those hips. A wet spot appeared at the tip. I needed to know how that tasted. 

I shuffled forward and swirled my tongue on that wet spot. Salty and bitter. I needed more, and I knew how to get it. I pressed my open mouth along the shaft and blew a stream of warm, moist breath. The hips pressed forward. I moaned. I moved my lips along the length of the shaft until the whole thing was wet. The hips pulsed against my face.

More.

A drop of precum escaped the edge of the briefs, and I lapped it up with my tongue, catching the very tip of the cock. My cock banged hard against my zipper, the jealous motherfucker. Heavy breathing came from the other side of the wall. 

Fuck, I loved teasing him, but my own need was nearly unbearable. I got more adventurous, slipping a finger inside the edge of the briefs and exposing the tip. I had never seen an uncut cock up close. I swirled my tongue around the rim, fascinated by the way the hood pulled away and slid back again.

I bunched the fabric out of my way and wrapped my fist around the shaft. Fuck, his bare skin felt good in my hand, the foreskin sliding up and down with my palm. Better than everything I'd imagined. I surrounded the tip with my lips, and the cock pushed between them. I closed my eyes and savored the feel of the cock filling up my mouth. The cock thrust in and out a few times, then pulled out. Out of my mouth, out of the hole.

Without a word, the man hooked his thumbs into the waistband. My mouth went dry, and I passed my tongue across my lips and watched and waited. The briefs slid down and out of the picture, revealing a patch of neatly-trimmed dark hair and my first up-close and personal look at the cock I was about to blow. The man lifted his tip and slid the whole glorious cock through the hole, including a clean-shaved sac. I welcomed the cock with a long, wet swipe of my tongue, sinking lower to suck the ball sac into my mouth. 

The man let out another harsh breath—You like that, eh? I grabbed the cock with my hand and pumped the shaft while rolling the balls from one cheek to the other. I took a deep whiff of his scent. Clean without being pretty. Maybe this VIP had already been sucked tonight. Hell, maybe he gets sucked off twenty times a night. I didn't know how this worked. I just knew I had balls in my mouth and I liked it.

And so did he, from the way he was gyrating against my face. "Mmm, suck it!" came the voice from the other side, and a chill rushed down my spine. 

I opened my lips over the tip and took the whole thing inside my mouth. He groaned. I moaned.

He pumped his hips, thrusting forward, jamming his cock as far down my throat as he could. I took as much as I could and cupped his balls with my hands. I wanted to be the best damn blowjob he'd ever had, but what the hell did a straight guy know about giving blowjobs?

I imagined it was my own cock. I pulled back, teased him a little. He grunted and pumped harder. I slicked my hand up and down the base. He moaned again, long and low.

My cock ached. I thought about unzipping and stroking myself, but I wanted two hands for him. I could beat off later...at home, or in my car, at this rate. I wasn't going to last much longer.

"Fuck, yeah!"

He thrust harder, faster, fucking my face. I slid my hands under his balls, as far as I could. He pressed forward against the wall, and I slipped my fingers through the glory hole, pressing against the skin in front of his asshole.

He picked up speed, tightened, and tensed. A hot stream hit the back of my throat, and then another. I swallowed as fast as I could. He let out a strangled cry and another spurt of cum filled my mouth. He pumped forward a few more times, let out a long breath, and pulled out of my mouth, out of the glory hole, and out of sight.

I sat back onto my ankles, hard as a steel rod, balls aching, his bitter release coating my mouth. I could not remember ever being happier. "Thank you," I said half to myself and half to the empty hole.

*

I skipped down the back stairs of the club as fast as my agonizing boner would allow. A huge smile was plastered on my face and a single thought ran on a continuous loop in my head—Get to the car. I crashed through the metal door I'd entered about a half hour earlier, before I'd stuffed my face into a man's crotch, licked his balls like they were candy, sucked off my first cock, and swallowed my first load.

"There you are, loverboy!" A hand clasped around my upper arm and held me in place. The damn bouncer. What the hell did he want? 

I met his eye. "Yeah?" My voice came out shaky and raw.

"Whassamatter? Cum got your tongue?" The bouncer laughed at his own lame joke.

I cleared my throat, dredging up the sour taste again. "Look, buddy, I'm in kind of a hurry here..." I glanced at his hand on my arm, then looked him in the eye again. 

He raised his eyebrows, dropped his gaze to my crotch, and smirked. "You know, someone would've taken care of that for you at the Swiss Cheese wall on your way out."

Lovely imagery there. I twisted my hips away from him as much as I could. "No, thanks. Can I go now?" I could practically feel my balls turning blue as he held me there.

He leaned in closer and studied my face like he was looking for buried treasure. "You really said 'thank you'?"

What the—? How did he—? The Secret Service piece. My guy had a direct line into this bastard's ear.

With my last ounce of pride, I narrowed my eyes and said, "Fuck you, asshole." I jerked my arm free and spun away.

He threw himself in front of me, holding his hands up in surrender. "Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hang on a second."

For all his bulk and bluster, this fucker was standing between me and release, and I was ready to lose my shit in more ways than one. "What do you want from me?" 

"Me? I don't want anything. Mr. 'Cock of the Walk' upstairs seemed to think you were sweet or something."

"He did?" My cock throbbed like a puppet, and I knew exactly who was pulling the strings.

The bouncer gave off a dark laugh. "Apparently, he doesn't know you as well as I do."

This was getting weirder by the minute. "Yeah, thanks for the performance review. I'll just be go—"

"He says you can have the first suck tomorrow."

The first suck? The bouncer eyeballed me while I processed that little gem. I could feel the heat in my cheeks. I had to be blushing like a girl.

He lowered his hands to his hips and drew his mouth into the smuggest smile I had ever seen. "Be here by five, loverboy."

*

There would be no tomorrow. This was a bucket list, one-time thing. It was over, a perfect memory to relive again and again.

I climbed into the driver's seat and slammed the door shut, popped open the button of my jeans, and jammed my hand behind the zipper, inside the brand new black boxer briefs I'd bought for the occasion—just in case. My cock wept with joy at the skin-on-skin contact. This was gonna be quick.

I push my dick through the hole while he waits on his knees on the other side. His mouth opens around me. He moans as he teases my tip with his tongue. He laps at my balls, slides his fingers underneath, presses that spot. He wraps his lips around me, nips at my shaft with his teeth, rough and greedy. He fists me and pumps, slow but tight and relentless. "Fuck yeah!" A man's voice, dark and low.

I came so hard, I saw stars. I opened my eyes and looked down at my brand new expensive shirt, covered in trails of spunk. Best birthday ever.

*

To be continued if you're game...