 I was early, and my car still smelled like cum, even though I'd left the windows cracked all day. I wasn't too worried about someone breaking into my car while I was at work—they watched the VP spots pretty closely. Then again, those security cameras could be a double-edged sword. I was being watched too, and leaving at four on a Wednesday was not exactly okay. 

The lie—urgent family matter—slipped off my tongue easier with each telling. A harmless white lie without a victim. I'd toiled away at Global Brands for eighteen years. I think I was entitled to an hour. 

Not that I'd planned on cutting out early from work to get here by five. Not that I'd planned to come here today at all—or actually, ever again. Which was why I was sitting in my fucking car in my fucking Gucci suit, staring at the brick wall of the fucking Rabbit Hole club. Fuck. 

I checked my hair in the rear-view, ran my fingers through a runaway curl on top, then rolled my eyes at my idiot self. You know he can't see you, right? 

I loosened my tie, then checked the mirror again out of habit. I looked like a guy trying too hard to look like he wasn't wearing a suit. I blew out a frustrated sigh, tugged at the knot until the tie opened, and slid the damn thing off. Great. Now I had on a crisp, white suit shirt that looked like it was missing a tie. 

"FUCK ME!" I grabbed the tie off the passenger seat and knotted it around my neck again, pinching the knot a little tighter than usual as punishment for my jackass behavior. 

I checked the dashboard clock. Eight minutes to five. Enough of this wardrobe anxiety shit. Time to go. I reached into the back seat for my jacket. Fuck that, I'd look completely ridiculous. I shoved my wallet and keys into my pants pockets. It is what it is. 

The sun hit my cheeks, and I felt like a drunk leaving a bar at noon. Dude, you are going into a glory hole palace in broad daylight to suck a stranger's cock. I couldn't sugar coat this. This was seriously gay. 

I adjusted my Maui Jim's and wished I'd worn them last night. At least I would've had a little camouflage. I guess I wasn't thinking too straight at that point. Yeah, and you are now? 

The silver lining to this early appointment—no line and no bouncer. In fact, the place didn't even look open. I reached for the door handle, and the damn thing wouldn't budge. FUCK! How was I supposed to get inside? What if I couldn't? Would he think I hadn't come? Would someone else get that first suck of the night? Would I come back? Would he receive me if I did? 

There had to be another door for day suckers. Did I have time to sprint around the building? It was already...two minutes of five! I balled my hand into a fist and pounded on the door like a madman. Sweat pooled under my arms and broke across my forehead, and much to my enormous relief, the door swung open. 

"Well, hello there, loverboy. Don't you look fancy tonight?" 

I couldn't believe how happy I was to see the bouncer's ugly face. I pushed past him toward the stairs, and he grabbed me by the arm again. "Hey! I think you forgot something, Mr. V.I.P." He laid his other hand out flat between us, palm up. 

I didn't have time to argue about my private invitation. I yanked my wallet out and thumbed through my bills for one of the hundreds folded in the back. He stepped out of my way, and I took off up the stairs at a dead run. I could hear the smug bastard's cackling all the way up the stairs. I tore down the hallway, slammed through the doorway of room five, and skidded on my knees to the floor near the hole. My heart pounded into my ears while I caught my breath and prayed I wasn't too late. Twenty-four hours ago, I wasn't even sure I wanted this. Now, I would be devastated if I'd missed my chance. 

I pressed my ear to the wall. I heard the creak of a chair. Fuck, he'd been waiting for me. And he wasn't exactly rushing over to greet me. Maybe he'd decided I wasn't worthy after all. 

I cleared my throat. "I'm sorry I was late." 

Silence. 

A slow shuffle of feet toward the wall. Nothing. 

"Can I...make it up to you?" Holy shit! Was that pleading, timid voice mine? 

His hand came into view first. He was stroking himself. "You may." 

My mouth watered. 

I shuffled in front of the hole and opened my mouth. His smell hit me like a bolt of electricity. The man was ripe. He lifted his shaft out of the way and pushed his nasty balls against my mouth. I opened wider and pressed my tongue along the wet fabric. I nuzzled my nose along the crease of his thigh. He rocked into me, and I whimpered. 

He pushed the white material to the side, and I forced my tongue inside the moist pouch. He moaned, and I was hard. So hard. He kept stroking himself while I bathed his sweaty balls with my tongue, drawing in his musky taste and his rank smell and his sexy grunts. 

He pulled back, replacing the fabric with his fingertip. This white pouch covering his cock and balls was different from the briefs he'd worn last night. This was a well-used jock, with thin straps looping around his hips. 

His hands dropped to his sides, and he stood still for a few seconds, thinking or posing, I couldn't be sure, but I enjoyed the view while he did. I waited for him to touch himself again or take off the underwear, but instead, he took a slow spin in front of the hole, revealing the completely open back. 

I held my breath as his glorious ass filled the space. He was perfect, the tight bubble butt I'd imagined. I reached through the hole with two fingers to stroke his skin. The air left my lungs in a loud whoosh. I heard him chuff but I didn't care. I dragged my fingers to the top of his crack. He stepped his feet wider in invitation. My fingertips trembled as they started downward. He grasped his cheeks and bent forward, opening wide for me. 

I ran my fingers through his sweaty, hairy crack, feeling dirty as hell and hornier by the minute. I circled the puckered ring. He pressed his ass toward me, covering the entire opening with his hole. I needed a taste. 

Without overthinking it, I leaned forward and pressed my tongue into his crack. He grunted and strained against the wall for more. I licked upward, adding this taste to my new collection. I reached the wrinkled skin at the center—this is so gay—and swiped a wet circle around the edges before pressing the tip of my tongue inside. 

He clenched and rocked forward and let out a moan that straightened my dick like a ruler. Making him lose control just became my favorite new taste. 

I leaned my forehead against the wall and plunged my tongue inside this stranger's asshole as deep as it would go. For as long as he let me, I ignored everything else—my own excruciating need, the stiffness settling into my knees, the strain against my neck where I'd foolishly tied my own noose, the edge of the wall opening, cutting into my forehead with each thrust, and the absolute wrongness of being here and doing this. 

He held his cheeks open and indulged me until he'd finally had enough. He straightened up, pushed his jock to the floor, and turned around. Wasting no time, he punched his erection through the glory hole. 

I drew my sleeve across my mouth, realizing a split-second too late that I'd just wiped ass juice all over my dress shirt. Oops. I did have the presence of mind to loosen my tie before I closed my lips over his cock. His precum had a gamey taste that spurred me on. He didn't need much coaxing after the ass play. Seconds later, a stream of curse words left his mouth along with the hot spray of his orgasm. 

I swallowed every precious drop and sank to the floor with my back against the wall, a giant grin on my face. I felt as though I'd just earned my wings. I turned toward the empty hole. Our brief, intense connection was broken again. Okay, so it was basically a mouth and a set of genitals—a damn fine set, at that—but somehow, it left me feeling like more than biology. 

Seriously? What did I even know about the guy, and what did he know about me? 

Not that you're straight and married. Right. Back to the real world and figuring out how to safely file away this experience with the last. 

My dick fucking ached for release, but I could make it out to my car. Or you can hit the Swiss cheese wall. 

Yeah, no. I'd make sure to say goodbye to my friend with the earpiece, just in case Mr. Cock of the Walk had another special message for me. I stood and brushed off my knees. Yeah, this whole ensemble was definitely headed for the dry cleaners. I strode past the hole, resisting the urge to look or get emotional about it. His voice stopped me cold. 

"What? No 'thank you' tonight?" 

His tone was unreadable. Was he messing with me or looking for something serious? Either way, what did I have to lose? 

I cleared my cum-coated throat. "Thank you." 

"For...?" 

And now I was having the second weirdest conversation of my life, the first being last night's conversation about this person. "For..." What the fuck did he want me to say? Letting me fuck your asshole with my tongue? I couldn't. "For...your invitation." 

"Ah," he said, and I could hear the slight smile. "You enjoyed the first suck." 

"Yes." That one was easy. 

"Good. Normally, I shower after I work out"—he chuckled—"but you seemed like the kind of guy who liked it raw." 

Gulp. He was waiting for another thank you, and I gave it to him as easily as I'd pushed my tongue into his asshole. 

"You're welcome," he answered this time. 

He stepped in front of the glory hole. He'd pulled on a pair of loose grey sweats and a grungy dark T-shirt. Were we starting over? Second suck? Hell, I was game. I wasn't sure my dick could handle it, but we'd work that out later, my dick and I. I wasn't about to disappoint the man on the other side of this wall. 

I watched carefully for a clue, sucking in a tight gasp when he stuck his finger through the hole and curled it back toward him. Twice. I knew what that meant. I was supposed to stick my dick through the hole. He was going to return the favor...or something. 

This would be extremely gay. 

For one cowardly moment, I contemplated pretending I didn't see it. He'd already retracted his hand, but the sweat pants waited. He wouldn't wait long. 

I wasn't used to make life-changing decisions in a split second. I was a planner, a plotter, a deep thinker. I was kind of famous for it. This man had no idea what he was asking of me. This was a line that could not be uncrossed. 

My dick voted with a firm thud against my zipper. Rationalizations flew in from all angles, the most convincing: I'd just had my mouth inside a dude's butthole. Fuck it, if this was gay or bi or whatever, I was in. 

I shuffled toward the wall as if my Tod's loafers had bricks sewn into the soles. The sweats waited patiently while I lined up my zipper to the hole. I needed him to take it from here. I pressed my palms to the wall and braced myself for his first touch. 

"Are you wearing a suit?" 

I rolled my eyes to the ceiling and cursed my bad planning. "Yes." 

He laughed, but it wasn't nasty like the bouncer's. "I don't think anyone's ever dressed up for me before." He reached three fingers through the hole and traced the bulge from tip to base. I hissed and bucked forward. Considering how quickly I came last night into my own hand, I'd be lucky to get my pants off with him doing the touching. 

He reached for my belt and swooshed it through the loops before I could look down to watch. If I'd thought he'd needed help undressing me, I was dead wrong. He opened the hook with one hand and the zipper with the other. With a quick tug in the front—all he could reach—he had my briefs exposed. 

I leaned into the wall so as not to fall over. My knees were shaking, and I had an awful image of the paramedics bursting into this room to revive me, pants around my ankles, cum dripping from my hair. 

He reached for me again, running his palm over my length. Even through my underwear, the heat and friction were almost unbearable. 

"Looks like someone enjoyed my sweaty ass." 

I pulled my upper lip between my teeth but it didn't help my control when he pushed his fingers inside the opening of my boxers and touched my skin for the first time. I whimpered and balled my hands into tight fists. I was about to explode or implode or both. 

"Closer," he said, in a voice that might have been a lover's, or maybe that's just how my muddled brain heard it. 

I pushed my hips forward until my thighs met the wall. He reached under the waistband and pulled my cock out. 

"Attaboy...now stick it through the hole so I can play with it..." He guided my tip through the opening. My cock disappeared into the wall. I couldn't see it anymore, couldn't see what he was doing to me. But I could sure as shit feel it! The lightest pressure up and down my shaft with feathery touches of his fingertips as if stroking a pet. 

"There now. Isn't this better than keeping it prisoner inside your fancy trousers?" 

"Yessss," I hissed. But I wasn't so sure. 

He tortured me with the lightest brush of his palm, then another and another. I pumped my hips for friction and he pulled his hands away. 

"And here I thought you had such nice manners..." He tickled up the underside of my shaft, keeping me right on the agonizing edge. 

"PLEASE! PLEASE!" I shouted, astonished again at the noises coming out of me in this man's presence. 

"Ah, that's better." And it was. He grasped me in both hands and worked some voodoo handjob moves my brain couldn't follow. Luckily, I didn't have to think. All I had to do was stand there with my dick in the glorious hole while he pumped and pulled and touched me tip-to-balls until I exploded in dizzying waves. 

A warm, wet washcloth closed around me as I caught my breath. "Thank you," I said because he liked my manners and because I was ever so fucking grateful. 

"You're welcome," he answered, just as cold metal clicked shut around my wilting cock. 

"What the fuck?" I pulled my dick back very carefully to my side of the hole to see what the hell he'd just attached to it. "Is that a cage? And a padlock? What the fuck? Take this thing off me!" 

"Hey, hey...relax." He held his palm up to the hole, and in it was a key, presumably the key to said lock. "If you want to take it off, be my guest." 

I was confused again. "You put a cock cage on me and now you're handing me the key? Why?" 

"Because if you want to take it off, you should." 

"Why wouldn't I want to?" 

"Because I want you to leave it on, but I want that to be your choice." 

"Why do you want me to walk around with this thing on my cock?" 

"Because if my cage is on your cock, you won't be sticking it anywhere but through my glory hole." 

I'm dense but the concept was starting to penetrate the fog...at exactly the same time as my dick figured it out and started fattening up again. The Cock of the Walk wanted to possess me, and let's just say I could see the appeal. 

"So you want me to take the key but not unlock the cage?" 

"Not exactly. What I'd really like you to do is leave the key with me." 

This brand new erection was already not feeling good, but in a strange way, I liked it, and he damn well knew it. I was curious if he was getting turned on, too, but he didn't offer the information. With my next question, I had basically agreed to his terms. "For how long?" 

I thought I detected a smile in his voice. "Saturday night. I want you here at ten. If you're a good boy, you'll be unlocked by midnight." 

A good boy? "Three days in this thing?" 

He curled his fist around the key and pulled it back. The deal had been struck. "You can still go to the bathroom. You just can't jerk off." 

"For three days?" 

"I suggest you don't think about me for a while." 

"Psshhh, yeah right." 

He enjoyed a chuckle at my dick's expense. "I'll leave a spare key with Marvin in case of an emergency." 

"A jerking off emergency?" My laugh was tight because I could actually imagine such a thing, and it might happen soon if I wasn't careful. "Wait, is Marvin the bouncer?" 

"Yes, but I wouldn't call him that if I were you. He hates it." 

"Please don't leave the spare key with him." 

"No? What do you suggest I do?" 

"Give it to me." 

"You?" 

"Yes. You can trust me." 

"And how do I know you won't cheat?" 

"Because I'm not a cheater." 

"Um...do you think your wife would agree?" 

I fingered the ring he'd already seen. I hadn't even considered taking it off because... "This isn't cheating on my wife." 

"So, sucking dick doesn't count?" 

"No." Fuck. "I don't know. I never thought of it like that." 

"Heh. You're not the first guy I've heard that from." 

Whatever. "Anyway, I'm not gonna cheat on the cage. I promise." 

"I believe you." The key poked through the glory hole, and I grabbed it before he could change his mind. 

"Hey, how many of these contraptions do you have...er, in circulation...right now?" 

"Ah," he said, as if he'd been expecting the question. "You're not gonna go and get jealous on me, are you?" 

"No." Shit. "I don't know." My head was fucked up and not getting any better. 

I could hear his soft chuff from just beyond the wall. "I love your honesty. Look, I can see by your fancy suit that you're a smart guy. Run the numbers. I'm gonna get sucked as many times a night as I can get hard. Sometimes, that's gonna be you doing the sucking, but most of the time, it's not." 

Okay, that shit didn't feel great, but what the hell was I expecting? Declarations of love and exclusivity? Just because my cock was in a cage didn't mean his was. Obviously. "Okay," I said, even though it wasn't, exactly. 

"I'll tell you what, though," he said. "I do like you." 

And that worked for me. 

* 

Does that work for you? Want more?