 Saturday took its damn sweet time coming. Work was actually the easiest part. I had complicated deals to sift through, negotiations, team meetings...my brain was occupied. 

It was the damn nights that were hard—and I do mean hard. The challenging part wasn't even sleeping in the same bed as my wife with my genitals encased in a steel cage. Her expectations were basically nil, and it wasn't unusual for me to climb under the covers in a pair of pajama pants. The worst part was what happened after we'd rolled to our separate sides of the bed. 

My recollections of the man who basically owned my dick now didn't include a face or a name, but his uncut cock and perfect ass were more than enough ammo to keep my dick too hard for its own good. And if those visuals didn't keep me tortured, there was the way he moaned when I sucked him down to the back of my throat, his skill at teasing me within an inch of combustion, his taste lingering on my tongue, and even his voice. Terrible, dangerous memories that made me wonder if I was nuts for not reaching for that damn key. 

What the hell was it about this stranger that made me so damn eager to impress him? He was a dick in a hole, and that should have been the end of it. Cock of this walk, maybe, but how many others out there were just like him? I couldn't answer that question, but I also couldn't imagine quitting him. 

My balls were achy and heavy by Saturday afternoon. The weekend rendezvous posed a unique challenge: I had yet to actively lie to my wife. If this was his way of testing my loyalty to him, I passed with flying blue balls. 

Figuring the easier sell was an out-of-town client who required wining and dining—as opposed to inventing an excuse to leave my house late Saturday night—I treated myself to a liquid dinner at a restaurant walking distance from the club. By 9:45, I was feeling no guilt and zero regret. My crotch was on fire with the agony of knowing relief was in reach. 

I slapped a Benjamin Franklin into Marvin's hand and didn't wait for his permission. "I have an appointment upstairs." I bit my tongue to keep from saying his name. 

He grabbed my arm as I pushed past him toward the door. Fuck, we were doing this again? "Mr. C wants you in the pit before you see him tonight." He flashed me a who's-the-bitch-now smirk, and my insides curdled. 

"The pit?" The communal glory hole room, home of the infamous "Swiss cheese wall." The room I had successfully avoided up till now. 

Marvin sneered. "I suppose you're too good for the pit now?" 

Actually, I kinda figured I was, what with wearing his cage and all. The fucking cage. I guess I knew which side of that wall I'd be on. My dick was staying in my pants until it was time to present it upstairs. And then, God of all horny cocksuckers willing, Mr. C would release me from this contraption. I'd come this far, and I wasn't one to back away from a challenge. 

"Fine. What time do I go upstairs?" 

Marvin tucked the hundred into his pocket and gave me a smile that made me rethink my decision. "Not time, quantity. Your magic number is six." 

Magic number? If you're a good boy, you'll be unlocked by midnight. Oh, hell. 

"He wants me to..." I leaned in closer to Marvin than I ever wanted to be. "Six blowjobs?" 

"Six different holes. No repeats." He socked me in the arm and winked. "He must like you. Doesn't want you getting cozy with anything downstairs." 

"Jesus." 

Marvin shrugged. "Nobody says you have to do 'em all tonight." 

My cock begged to differ but that was none of Marvin's fucking business. "So when I'm done, I go on up?" 

His eyebrows popped up. I think I impressed the sonofabitch. "Knock six times on door five and wait for whoever's in there to finish up. Can you handle that or do you need an escort?" 

"I think I can handle it. Thanks." 

"Heh, he was right. You do have manners." Marvin opened the door and pushed me inside with a slap on the back. "Go get 'em, tiger!" 

Wonderful. I followed the heat and desperation of the masses to the communal jerk-off room, paid my twenty bucks at the door, and walked inside. The pornos I'd watched didn't begin to do justice to this place. The smell hit me hard, my spunk rag times a million. There were bodies everywhere, many shirtless, mostly half-zipped. Welcome to Saturday night in the pit. Zero pretense. All of us were in this room for one reason alone—to get off. Well, everyone but the guy in the cock cage. 

I lifted my shades and let my eyes make a slow crawl around the huge room. The pit was lined with three glory hole walls, each with at least fifteen holes at varying heights. Charming little signs decorated the walls at eye level: You hope your mother doesn't work here—clean up after yourself! Please, take pictures—the staff all need new phones! No means no. 

A loud moan drew my attention to a guy on his knees to my right, his jeans sitting just below his bare ass, his mouth and one hand working the dick in the hole while his other hand pumped his own. My cock swelled to the confines of its metal cage. I watched with fascination as his mouth popped off the dick while he shot his load against the wall. He recovered quickly and finished off the cock a few seconds later, licking off every drop before the cock disappeared through the hole. I reached instinctively for my dick but it was no help. Even without my clothes on, I could only poke a finger inside to touch the flesh, and all that did was make everything worse. 

I dragged my gaze to the middle of the room, where it would have been safer if not for the dozen or so chairs set up in a circle, facing the action. Apparently, I was not the only one who got off on watching. Every chair was taken, and every guy had a hand down his unzipped pants. While I stood there openly gawping, one of the guys locked eyes with me, sped up his motion, and jerked his streams of cum in my direction. 

Pit guys—three pops. Me—two balls getting bluer by the second. 

Enough watching. If I ever wanted this fucking cage off me, I needed to get my mouth on a cock ASAP. After a quick scan to figure out the etiquette, I positioned myself behind a guy who looked ready to finish and tried to ignore the sights, sounds, and smells of the inevitable all around me. Fat chance. Mr. C knew what he was doing, sending me down here. I hadn't even touched a cock, and I was already seriously desperate. Color me motivated. 

The guy in front of me cleaned up and stumbled out of the way. I dropped to my knees in front of the hole and waited—not for long. A semi-hard dick came into view, wild tufts of red pubes above and below. This one was uncut as well, short but thick, getting thicker by the second. I opened my mouth, licked the tip, and he pushed forward. My dick twitched against its cage, and I tried not to think about it. 

If my goal upstairs was pleasing Mr. C, I was all about speed down here. I swirled my tongue around the crown and I got him good and wet. I worked the cock without mercy, using my mouth and both hands. It seemed control was as non-existent as foreplay here in the pit. A few minutes of aggressive pumping later, the guy on the other side of the wall was cursing under his breath and shooting his hot spunk down my throat. One down, five to go. 

A tap on my shoulder told me to vacate the spot, and I did so with a heavy heart and heavier balls. I scouted the room again to find my next spot, but I had to wait my turn through two rounds of blows this time, and the lines got worse as the night wore on. More than once, I received offers to "help me out with my problem," but there was only man who could do that, and he wouldn't be caught dead on this floor. 

I waited it out and sucked like a champ when it was my turn, challenging myself to get each one off faster than the ones before. For a guy who'd fantasized about this experience, I honestly couldn't have discerned one cock from the next after number three. I barely tasted numbers five and six but the important thing was, I'd reached my quota. By the time I hit the back stairs, the ache between my legs was so bad, I could barely walk. Relief was in room five, and that was my entire focus. I hobbled upstairs and down the hallway to the door and knocked six times before trying the knob. 

Locked. 

Fuck. Me. 

I pressed my ear to the door. There was definitely someone inside, and he was a moaner. And now he knew he had an audience, as did Mr. C. 

I'd heard enough—hell, I'd heard too much. I wasn't gonna go and get jealous, was I? It was one thing to understand in the abstract that other people were sucking him off. It was quite another to stand here and listen. The little voices inside my head reminded me I'd just sucked six guys off downstairs and watched no fewer than thirty shoot their wads. The math didn't help and neither did the cage. 

I leaned back against the wall and slid to the floor. When Mr. C's groaning got to be too much, I covered my ears, but I still heard him come—and not for me. The orgasm noises from room five were razor blades sprinkled on my shit cupcake. Fucking asshole showoff creep. 

I shot up onto my feet and turned my face to the wall when I heard the knob turn. "He's all yours," the smug bastard said. 

I was far too desperate at this point to play it cool. I entered the room and locked the door behind me. I strode over to the hole, only to find it empty. That was good, I decided. I didn't really need to see his cock dripping with someone else's saliva. 

I was tempted to strip off my pants and shove the cage through the hole, but I was pretty sure Mr. C wouldn't be impressed by that kind of behavior. He knew I was here, and he would greet me when he was good and ready. I heard water running on the other side. He probably had a whole damn suite over there. What I wouldn't give to brush my teeth! 

Instead, I paced—appropriate, considering I was a caged animal. My heart skipped when I heard the water shut off. There was a rustling noise, a zipper, and he appeared, drying his hands on a towel before tossing it to one side. A pair of worn jeans came into view, unbuttoned to reveal the tightly trimmed hairs, even more appreciated after my visit to Let-It-All-Hang-Outsville. After the parade of cocks thrust in my face earlier, the jeans hanging off his perfect hips were the sexiest thing I'd seen all night. 

"How's your evening going?" he asked, as if inquiring about a run-of-the-mill night at home. 

I set aside all he'd put me through, including making me listen to another guy suck him off. I'd done it. There was no use moaning about it now. 

"Better now," I answered. 

"See anything you liked down there?" 

"No." He chuckled at my firm reply. 

"I'm pretty sure you set a speed record down there." He sounded more amused than I felt. 

"It was crowded. I had to wait. A lot." 

Now he laughed outright as his palm slid down his zipper. "I'll take that as a compliment." 

"Please do." 

I watched from beside the hole as his bulge grew with each stroke of his hand. "Did you bring your key with you?" 

"Yes." I reached into my pocket and handed it to him. 

"You didn't use it?" 

"No." 

"I'm impressed." 

A warm tingle rushed down my spine. "Thank you." 

"You're hiding," he said. 

Yeah, I was. I stepped in front of the hole, lining up my bulge across from his. 

"Take off your clothes." 

I didn't need to be told twice. I yanked the T-shirt out of my jeans and over my head. I knew he could only see from my belly button down, but I still felt exposed. It felt wonderful and terrible to unbutton my jeans and open the zipper. I guided the jeans down carefully, so as not to rattle the cage. I took a deep breath and hooked my thumbs into the waistband of my boxers and pushed them down my legs. My cock hung heavy in the apparatus between my legs as I stepped out of my clothing and kicked it away. 

He dropped suddenly and his eyes appeared in the hole. They were a deep brown, I noticed, before I stepped closer so he couldn't see my face. 

He cupped the cage in his hand. "Wow. That looks painful." 

"Mmhmm." 

He blew a stream of cool air across my cock. I hated and loved it. Every nerve in my body was focused on what was happening inside that cage. I needed it off. Salvation was seconds away. I held my breath. 

"Would you like me to take it off now?" 

My mind must've been truly scrambled because I couldn't imagine why he'd have to wonder about that. "Why wouldn't I?" 

"If you can get me off before you pop, I'll finish you in my mouth. The way I see it, your only chance is leaving this contraption on while you suck me off." 

I made one of those inhuman, embarrassing noises as my cock got impossibly harder. He definitely had a point there. Mr. C was a cock tease of the highest order, but he'd followed through on all his promises. I couldn't resist the prospect of his mouth on my cock. 

"Okay, fine," I said. 

He chuckled as he stood up again. "Don't sound so excited." 

"I think we both know how excited I am." 

"It's contagious, apparently," he said, unzipping his jeans to prove his point. No underwear this time. Just him and the denim. He freed his erection from his jeans and pushed it through the hole. I sank to my knees and closed my mouth around his tip. 

Despite the cock-sucking marathon I'd endured to get here, despite my aching need, despite the crick in my neck and the soreness in my thighs...despite everything, I took my time with him and savored every second. I kissed my way down to his balls, and I pulled them into my mouth, one at a time and together. I used my hands to please him but not to rush him. I drew out the moans I loved. I teased and licked and sped up and slowed down. I swallowed him to the base of his cock and let him out again. He groaned but played along, happy to stall his own pleasure if it meant making me wait. 

My cock strained against its prison. He was right—without that cage, I would've come ten times over. Mind over matter. I brought Mr. C to the brink and pulled away, teasing him again and again, until he finally said, "Enough!" I finished him off with slow, even strokes, and he came the same way—in long, leisurely blasts. I swallowed down his familiar taste, a gourmet dessert after a six-course dinner of junk food. 

I rose on shaky legs, relishing his happy sigh while I brushed off my knees. His jeans came up, he tucked in his spent cock, and zipped up. He was sexy as hell with his clothes on, too. 

"Ahh, I knew there was a reason I liked you." He reached into his pocket and pulled out the key. "Ready for your turn?" 

I answered with a strangled whimper. 

With a magical crook of his finger, he beckoned my cock to the hole. I stepped closer and helped my sore snake through the hole, and he inserted the key into the lock. The moment I'd fantasized about for three solid days was upon me, and I had the horrible feeling I wouldn't last long enough to reach his lips. 

"I, uh... this is gonna be quick." 

His warm laughter washed over me, soothing away my embarrassment. "I'll take that as a compliment, too." 

I tried to ignore the brush of his fingers as he worked open the cage. My erection unfurled and straightened like a foal trying out its new legs. I let out a series of unflattering noises, the pain, relief, and arousal sending mixed messages to my already-jumbled brain. 

His lips closed around me, and all that mattered was the comforting cocoon of his mouth, the gentle lap of his tongue, the warm, wet cavern closing around me. With a whisper-soft touch, he cupped my balls in his hand. He glided me in and out of his mouth and bathed my balls with gentle strokes of his tongue. Tip, base, balls, shaft. I couldn't focus. I gave up trying and lost myself to the sensations—cool, tight, warm, moist, pleasure. So much pleasure, unbearable, exquisite ecstasy. 

A thousand starbursts of light exploded behind my eyes as my head went spinning...flying...floating... 

The warm washcloth surrounded me, blanketed my balls, erasing days of agony. I sighed, releasing the last of my tension. I could have curled up on the hard cement floor right there and slept for days. 

"Thank you," I said, not sure whether I was expressing gratitude for caging me or releasing me. 

"You're welcome. You earned it," he answered, dabbing the washcloth between my thighs before pulling it away. "So, was it worth it?" 

The answer flew out without a second thought. "Yes." I stepped to the side to pull on my clothes while he continued to talk to me. I had a feeling all this communication was a bit unusual, but then, what about our arrangement was normal? 

"I think you're going to like your next homework assignment much better." 

Another "assignment" meant another invitation. I couldn't help the grin that stretched across my face. "Oh yeah?" 

His phone passed through the hole. "I'm gonna need your number. Call your cell." 

Holy shit! I grabbed his phone and tapped in my number. My phone buzzed in the pocket my jeans as I reached for them. He had my cell but I had his, too. 

"You'll be hearing from me," he said. 

I could not fucking wait but I played it cool. "All right." 

He chuckled as he buttoned his jeans. "We're going to have to work on your enthusiasm level. You're gonna crush my ego if you keep this up."