 He left me stewing all day Sunday. I kept my cell phone in my hand all day, but not a word. I didn't dare touch myself until I knew what he wanted from me. I no longer wore his cock cage, but this non-communication was a prison of its own. 

Monday morning at 6:41 a.m., my phone buzzed with an incoming text as I was heading out to my car for the morning commute. 

You have 8 minutes to rub one out. Text me after with details. GO! 

Jesus. Ten minutes? Right now? The question wasn't whether I'd do it, it was how. And where. 

I ran back inside the house and made a bee-line for the powder room. I worked open my belt, shoved down my pants, threw my tie over one shoulder, and scrunched up my shirt. My dick was way ahead of me, snapping to attention to obey Mr. C's demands. I stumbled over to the toilet and lifted the seat. Not classy but it would do. 

Eight minutes wasn't much time, but with all the fresh material in my spank bank, I didn't worry about finding inspiration. I fisted my dick and imagined Mr. C on the other side of the wall in front of me. 

That first time I entered the VIP room, my head filled with fantasies but no real idea what to expect. 

His tight, sexy briefs. The hard lines of his body when he stripped. Powerful, athletic thighs. The brush of his hand, the thrust of his hips. 

His voice, pulling me in: No need to be shy. 

My tongue meeting his tip, my first taste of cock. 

The uncut dick pushed through the wall, all mine, filling my mouth and throat. Those fucking sexy sounds of his. 

My too-loud moan jarred me from my memories. How the hell would I explain this to Mary if she found me here like this? I bit down hard on my lower lip and pumped myself rougher—a punishing grip, a man's grip. 

"Fuck, yeah!" His words exploded in my head as my orgasm barreled through me. I braced myself against the wall while my breathing slowed to normal. A quick glance at my watch told me I had two minutes to spare. I fumbled for my phone and found my newest contact—Mr. C. What the hell was I supposed to tell him about this? Pretty sure he wouldn't want to know I'd just jerked into the toilet. Shit! Time was ticking away and I was being a pussy. I wasn't composing poetry here. 

I typed Fast and furious, hit send, and kept a close watch on the phone, teetering on the edge of the sink while I washed my hands. It buzzed to life, scaring the crap out of me. 

DETAILS! 

Fuck! Okay, think...think! 

Dressed for work. Pants around ankles. What else would he care about? Right hand. 

I hit send again and raced to my car. His next text came as I reached the bottom of the driveway. 

Thoughts? 

Heh. Yeah, I'd had a few. I was grinning as I typed. 

Rabbit Hole room 5. Glory hole fantasy come true. You. Hot. Hard cock. Your cum in my mouth. 

Let's see how Mr. C liked those details. I waited, heart in my throat and phone in my hand, until his message came through. 

Good boy. 1 down. 

I dropped the phone as if it had shocked me. One down...and how many more to go? What was Mr. C's magic number this time? And when would he strike next? I had a major presentation this afternoon, and I couldn't exactly excuse myself to go jerk off.  

That's exactly what you'll do. Yeah, my dick sure as shit knew it, and just to make his point, he stiffened into a tight rod between my legs. 

If Mr. C's goal was to keep me hard and thinking about him every second of my work day, mission accomplished. I kept my phone in the front pocket of my trousers all day, every damn notification a game of Russian Roulette, sending a fresh jolt of arousal to my crotch, and none of them from him. 

By two o'clock, I was getting desperate for him to send the next message already and get it over with. I'd have plenty of time to recover and gather my wits by my three o'clock meeting. The hour passed slowly, and the pit in my stomach grew to match my swollen cock. If I weren't so worried about the consequences, I would've gone and beat off just to release the damn tension. Something told me that would have come back to bite me in the ass. 

At 2:55, standing at the head of the conference room, I promised myself I wouldn't jeopardize my career to answer Mr. C's demands. He'd have to understand. This was never part of the deal. I took the phone out of my pants and placed it on the chair in front of me. 

By 2:58, I had worked up a healthy head of steam. Who the hell gave him dominion over my penis and my life anyway? Fuck him if he couldn't appreciate boundaries. 3:00—show time. 

"Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen." Years of experience kicked in, and I fell into a comfortable rhythm. I was good at this—calm, cool, collected, and competent. 

I was in control of my life, not some random dick in a glory hole, even if it was the best dick in the place. It was fun while it lasted, but this couldn't go on. I had a responsible job. People were counting on me. This was my place. I owned this room, all eyes on me, soaking in the—bzzzzz! 

My gaze shifted from the laptop on the table in front of me to the lit-up phone on the chair below. 

14 min. Send pic. You know what I want. 

I knew what he wanted, all right. He wanted a fucking cum shot, and he wanted it by... FUCK! Any denial I'd managed to even half-believe flew right out the window with that text. I wouldn't disappoint him. 

I cleared my throat and attempted to gather my wits. It was 3:40 now, and I had every bit of twenty minutes' worth of slides left. Even if I rushed through the PowerPoint and blew off all questions and polite conversation, I'd never make it out of here before 3:50, leaving a whopping four minutes to run down the hallway, do the deed, and send the picture! My dick was straight as an arrow, so that wouldn't slow me down, but four minutes? Not even I could jerk it that quickly. 

Miraculously, my mouth kept working while my mind spun the problem around and around. Think... THINK! 

Yes! The solution came to me in an inspired flash. 

I clicked my mouse to the next slide. "Oh. Oh, dear. This isn't right... one moment, please." I bent over my laptop, clicked randomly around the screen, and palmed my phone before straightening up again. "If you all would excuse me, this is terribly embarrassing, but I've accidentally loaded an old version of my Power Point file. I just need to run to my office and grab the thumb drive..." 

I bolted from the room before anyone could stop me. I'd figure out how to finagle my lie later. Right now, my head and my body needed to get into this other game—his game. I skipped around the corner, slipped into my office, and locked the door behind me, grateful that the only windows were on the exterior wall of the skyscraper. I sank into my leather chair and rolled as far under the desk as I could. 

I was fully erect by the time I guided my dick through both flies—no time for niceties like pants removal. I set my thoughts on the raunchiest of the raunch—nuzzling his sweaty jock, tonguing his balls, eating out his ass—and I stayed right there until I was on the verge of popping. 

Just as I made a frantic grab for the tissues, I remembered about the picture I was supposed to send. Mr. C wanted cum, and he was going to get it. I closed my fist around the tip and tried to contain the hot spurts blasting out of me. 

The milky fluid oozed between my fingers and down my sleeves, inside the cuffs I hadn't thought to unbutton. My only thought was getting that picture taken in time. With the clean hand, I grabbed my phone and managed to snap a porn-worthy shot of my still-erect dick covered in spunk. 

With Mr. C's demands met—just under the gun—my head snapped into corporate mode. I had another mess to clean up down the hall. I wiped up, tucked in, grabbed a random thumb drive, and sped back to the waiting audience. I felt a buzz in my pants, but I couldn't check his response until my presentation was over. 

Looks messy. I am pleased. 2 down. 

It wasn't until I was driving home that it really sank in: I'd texted a dick pic to a complete stranger. How epically reckless. The fact that I'd tongued the man's asshole was no comfort. I still didn't even know his first name. But then, he didn't know mine either. 

I was surprised but extremely grateful he let me drive all the way home without demanding number three. I wasn't sure how I would've pulled that off in rush hour traffic on a highway with no shoulder. 

First thing I did when I got home was change out of my cum-stained suit before Mary could see what a mess I was. We'd just sat down to dinner when Mr. C messaged me again. My wife sighed as I glanced at my phone. 

10 min. Video money shot. 

I had no time to waste and certainly no time to eat. My excuses were nothing new to my wife, even if the reason behind them was. I apologized and told her not to hold dinner for me, then locked myself in the home office. A fucking porno flick he wanted this time? 

Fortunately, my home office was fully equipped for this activity. In fact, in recent months, I'd spent far more time masturbating in here than doing any actual work. I grabbed the oil and a hand towel from the desk drawer and laid the towel out across the love seat—the "self-love seat" if I were honest. I considered firing up one of my go-to videos, but risking the noise with Mary in the next room wasn't my style. Besides, the last thing I needed Mr. C hearing in the background was my glory hole porn reel. 

Yes, I'd just admitted I was more concerned with Mr. C's reaction than my wife's. 

My ten minutes had already turned into eight, and I had some work to do on my half-hearted boner. The trappings of my regular life were harder to ignore here. I tugged off my basketball shorts and plopped my bare ass down on the towel. With my phone set to video mode, I placed it within reach. I lubed up my hand and stroked my dick into submission. 

I closed my eyes and pictured the pit—the sticky, spunky, overcrowded mass of horny humanity. Cocks in every shape and size poking through the Swiss cheese walls, and the eaters like me, on our knees, paying for the privilege of sucking them off. Guys with their hands down their pants, pumping and thrusting and grunting and moaning. All that pleasure. 

Mr. C's cage biting into my dick when I just couldn't stay soft. The arousing secret only the two of us knew. 

Those fucking jeans of his—commando, his beautiful cock springing out of the denim, hard and wanting. How my mouth loved that cock, loved making him groan with my teasing. Drawing out his orgasm, the taste of his spunk at the back of my throat. 

His breath breezing across my aching cock, the feather-light touch of his fingertips as he opened the cage, blessed relief. His warm lips closing around me. His tongue lapping up and down my length. 

Better start recording. I hammed it up for the camera, for him. I moaned like a porn star. I viewed the scene through my phone screen, pretended it was his hand working my cock, waiting for me to beg out loud. I did. For the camera. For him. 

"Please, please, I need to come. I'm gonna come!" 

I heard his laughter as he pumped me harder, faster. "Go ahead, you little slut. Come for the camera!" 

The air left my lungs in a whoosh. I tried to watch but I couldn't stay focused. I prayed the camera was catching everything—my wild bucking hips, the streams of cum spraying like champagne, my cock twitching in my hand until I could finally calm down. I collapsed against the couch and listened to my heart pounding against my chest. My phone dropped out of my hand, banging against my ribs before clattering to the floor. 

Fuck! I fished my phone off the floor, stopped the recording, and sent the video to Mr. C as quickly as I could. Would have been nice to watch it first, but that was a luxury I didn't have. 

I dragged the towel through my legs and wiped up the mess on the couch. This man was doing serious damage to the fabrics in my life. I chuckled at my own joke, drowsy with pleasure and high on Mr. C. 

It didn't last long. 

2 min late. 

I stared at the phone in disbelief. I was so sure he'd be pleased, I'd forgotten to check the time. I paced, phone in hand, no idea what to do next. I owed him an apology at the very least. 

I'm sorry. 

I waited and paced some more. I pulled up the basketball shorts. This sucked. Would he dump my sorry ass? 

Redo #3 in person. 

I breathed out a huge sigh of relief for my second chance. Thank you. 

You're wasting precious time you don't have. 

He meant now? Relief turned to panic. So much for any kind of boundaries. Apparently, Mr. C was in charge of me at the club, when I was at work, when I was home, and en route in between. Day or night, I was at his beck and call. The clock was ticking. 

I flew out of my study and headed straight for the bedroom, a madman on a mission. My cold dinner sat on the table, and Mary was stretched along the couch with a book in her hands. "Everything okay?" she asked. 

"No, not really. You know that presentation I had this afternoon? There's... an issue. They need me to come in." 

"To work?" She sat up, the book folded to the side. "Now? You just got home." 

Throwing on my best jeans and a polo shirt that would hopefully keep Mary from suspecting anything, I called back, "I know. I'm sorry, it can't be helped." 

I nearly ran her over on my way to the garage. "Let me pack up your dinner. You must be starved." 

Actually, I'd forgotten all about food. He had a way of making me forget basic bodily functions—like breathing. "I'll grab something on the way." 

She gave me such a sad look, it wrenched my heart. It wasn't her fault she couldn't be what I wanted. I dropped a kiss on her head. "I don't know how late I'll be. Better not wait up." 

* 

Marvin sent me right up without any trash talk, which jangled my nerves more than they already were. The door was unlocked, and I entered without knocking. I glanced at the glory hole. Empty. 

I had no idea what he'd want me to do, so I knelt and placed my mouth in front of the hole. 

"You haven't earned that yet," he said. 

Right. 

"You had ten minutes when you got here, and now you have...eight and a half." Mr. C did not sound pleased. 

Eight and a half minutes was not a lot of time, especially since my dick was seriously stressed out right now. But I'd be damned if I'd come all the way to the Rabbit Hole just to let him down again. I stood and opened my jeans, surprised to discover I'd forgotten underwear. As I pushed my jeans past my thighs, a pair of brown eyes appeared in the glory hole. My cock twitched to life. Ah, inspiration. 

"You like an audience," he said. It wasn't a question, but it demanded an answer. 

"Yes." 

His eyes softened. I hardened. "I enjoyed your video, even though you missed your deadline." 

"Thank you." 

"You put on quite the show for me. How about a little of that? Some moaning, a little sway of the hips?" 

Christ. Goodbye forever, comfort zone. 

I gave him the peep show he was looking for. I imagined him naked on the other side of the wall, his cock hardening between his legs. I let him know exactly how much I was enjoying myself. I didn't care who heard me. I moaned like a ten-dollar whore. 

"What was it I called you in your video?" His eyes narrowed, dangerous and sexy. He wanted me to say it again. My inhibitions weren't going to do me any favors tonight. 

"You called me a slut." 

"Yes, that's right. Appropriate, don't you think?" 

"Yessss," I hissed. He was using my own words against me. Taking my fantasies spilled out in the heat of passion and throwing them back at me. It was effective. 

"You better ask my permission to come." 

I was close now... the request alone was usually my tipping point. "Please. May I come?" I tightened my grip, pumped my hips toward the hole. I was ready... 

"You may not." 

Had I'd heard him right? Wasn't the whole point to do it quickly? And now he was denying me? What would happen if I failed again? What would happen if I came against his new orders? 

"I... I need to come for you now. Please." I held my arousal on the brink, waiting, praying for deliverance. 

"Oh, it's for me, is it, you little slut? Are you sure it's not for you?" 

"It's..." Hell, what was the right answer? "I am a slut, but I'm a slut for you!" 

He barked out a rich laugh. "Good answer. Go ahead, my little slut. You can come for me now." 

I took off the brakes and let it fly, spraying the wall with my frantic release. He fed his cock through the hole as my reward, and I sank to my knees and expressed my gratitude. 

* 

How about you? How fast could you come for the Cock of the Walk?