 His instructions were clear enough last night as we were both zipping up: no self-love for me until I get the go-ahead from him. 

"No cage this time?" I'd asked with great trepidation. His answer pleased me more than I wanted to admit. "I trust you." 

I planned to live up to that trust. Quite frankly, after the quadruple header, I was happy for a break. 

The dawn of a new day is a funny thing, though. Monday's rub-outs didn't carry over into Tuesday. If anything, the constant thoughts and urgent demands of the previous day only made me more aware I didn't get any on Tuesday. 

My phone was disturbingly silent again on Wednesday. I was no good at work, checking my phone constantly at first, then every half hour, then attempting to pretend I didn't care and ignoring it altogether. I threw myself into my work, not a bad thing considering how distracted I'd been lately. 

I tossed and turned in bed, not trusting my subconscious to behave once my brain shut down for the night. Snippets of blowjobs invaded my brief dreams. I forced my thoughts to safer topics: my new project at work, the deck I'd begun building in our back yard, my wife. 

Not so safe after all, as that particular topic involved a shit ton of guilt and stomach churning, but I supposed it was better than thinking about Mr. C's dick in my mouth. Great. So much for changing the subject. 

The wee hours of the morning ticked off on my alarm clock until I couldn't stare at the digits any longer. I got out of bed before five and dragged my tired ass to work. His text came in as I was heading out for lunch. 

Miss me? 

I typed Hell yes, then deleted the "hell" before sending. 

Come to me tonight. 

The light bulb flicked on at the end of the tunnel, and I couldn't get there soon enough. He hadn't specified a time, so I made it my business to be at the door of Rabbit Hole at 4:45. If first suck was up for grabs, I wanted it. 

Turned out, it wasn't. Marvin, the sick fuck, let me upstairs anyway, only to pace outside door five, trying not to think about my excruciating situation or the guy on the other side currently polishing Mr. C's knob. Or worse—vice versa. 

I tried like hell not to look when the fucker vacated my room, but curiosity had brought me here in the first place. I met his gaze for a split-second—long enough to see he thought he was hot stuff for the invitation. I hated that I felt jealous. The whole genius of the glory hole setup—aside from all the dick—was anonymity and detachment. I was failing at both. 

I heard the water running in Mr. C's sink as I stepped inside my room. I'd lost count of my visits, but my body knew what to do. This room had one purpose—dirty man-sex. Like one of Pavlov's dogs, I salivated when I looked at that hole. My dick swelled like an overinflated tire. All systems go, going, gone. 

I waited for Mr. C's crotch to fill my view. Would he be wearing his jeans again? Or maybe those sexy tight briefs from the first time? Sweats? 

Wrong again. It wasn't his dick at all, but his finger he stuck through the hole and gestured for me. I nearly cried out with joy. Don't get me wrong, I would've been more than happy to suck his dick. MORE than happy. But I was desperate for my release. I unzipped my trousers while stepping up to the hole. I removed every barrier in his way at warp speed and fed my erection through the hole with extreme eagerness. 

Mr. C did not leave me hanging. "You didn't waste any time getting here, did you?" he teased as he closed his hand around my shaft. 

My eyes pinched shut as I gave in to the desire I'd held at bay for days. I released a loud sigh. Christ, the man knew how to handle me! A glop of lube landed on my dick. With light brushes of his fingertips, he circled my tip with maddening caresses until I growled in frustration. 

I heard him chuckle as he closed me within his palm, first one hand and then the other. One stroke bled into the next, an endless cycle of pleasure. I was raw with need after being ignored for two days, and his touch was a match thrown onto a gallon of lighter fluid. My hips pumped hard, thrusting my hungry cock the only place it wanted to be—on his side of this damn wall. 

I was losing myself, chasing my bliss, so close to letting go... when the heavenly touch fell away. Cool air hit my slicked-up skin where his hands had just been. My dick jerked in protest. I banged my forehead against the wall and groaned. 

"Step back," he said quietly. 

I stumbled backward but obeyed without question. My glistening cock stood straight forward like an angry finger pointed at its accuser. 

"Have I done something wrong?" I asked. 

He answered by unzipping his pants. "This is what you've done," he said. "You've made me ridiculously hard, and now you're going to have to take care of me." 

He stroked a greasy hand along his length, making mine ache with envy. He'd turned me into a horny, exasperated mess, but there was nothing I wanted more than to please him. I sank to my knees, ready to take him into my mouth. 

"I want you to use your hands on me this time," he said. He drizzled more lube along his shaft, then fed his cock through the glory hole. "Make me come on your stomach." 

Holy hell, what a sexy picture that painted! Mr. C, hard because of me, coming on me. Marking me with his cum while my own cock waited his turn, a stiff soldier holding his salute. 

I was careful not to bump my erection against his as I stood and jockeyed into position, but it wasn't easy. He was hard. I was hard. We weren't working with a huge space here. Crossing swords—both of us all greased up, my length sliding alongside his—was a no-no, and nothing good would come from fantasizing about it. I had a cock to take care of right now, and it sure as shit wasn't mine. 

I cupped my hand around his tip. He let loose an "Ahhh, fuuuuuck!" His foreskin shrank away and sheathed him again as I stroked his eight inches. I worked his cock the same way he'd worked mine—hand over hand, no mercy, no letting up. I could almost feel his tight fists sliding over my cock as I handled him. 

Everything that made him moan, I repeated. He rocked forward when I played with his balls, swore when my fingertips slid behind them toward his hole. I touched everything I could reach. While he enjoyed torturing me with softer strokes, Mr. C moaned the loudest when I gave it to him hard, so that's what I did. 

I tried to tease him, tried to string him out as he'd done to me, but it was no use. I was a sucker for his sexy sounds, and my abandoned erection had to live vicariously through the attention I was lavishing on his VIP cock. He worked his hips into my rhythm, and we built the tension together—my pumping and his thrusting. He laid it on thick with the porno soundtrack, the drawn-out groans and breathy grunts, making my dick weep with need. 

"Gonna come!" 

I aimed his hose at my belly. He thrust back and forth through my slick hands until the last drops of his cum painted my stomach and chest. He pulled back and crouched so his eyes appeared in the hole. I stepped in front of the opening to show him what he wanted to see—his cum trickling down my belly. 

His warm chuckle took some of the sting out of the agonizing wait for my own release. "You know, my cum looks good on you." 

"I'm glad you're happy." I tried to keep the sarcasm out of my voice but I wasn't sure I'd succeeded. Turned out, he didn't care. 

"Are you still hard?" 

My dick was a flagpole sticking straight out. "Yes." 

"Good man," he said. The eyes left the hole, and a moist cloth appeared seconds later. "Better clean up. You're going on a field trip." 

Gulp. "I am?" 

"Yes. Put your pants on. You can carry the rest." 

I didn't need to ask where he was sending me. I pulled up my jeans and wadded up the rest of my clothes, shoes included, into a big ball. A thin object was coming toward me through the glory hole. 

"What's this?" I asked, massively relieved it wasn't the cock cage. I wasn't sure I could handle that level of torture right now. 

"It's a sign. I made it especially for you." 

I held up the paper sign when it cleared the opening. "TEASE ME" was written in fat, brown letters meant to look old-fashioned. A piece of string, punched through holes on either side, formed an arc above the top. This could not be good. 

"What am I supposed to do with this?" 

"You know the story of Alice in Wonderland, right? After she falls down the rabbit hole, she discovers a bottle labelled 'DRINK ME'?" 

I didn't like where this seemed to be heading. "Okay?" 

"This is your label. For your dick." 

Oh my god. "My dick?" 

"Yes. Find yourself a spot on the feeder side of the Swiss cheese wall and get naked. Hang that sign on your dick and stick it through the hole." 

"You want some random stranger to tease me?" 

"Hell, yes. As many as possible." I could hear the smile in his voice. "I want them to suck you and fondle your balls and manhandle your stick until you can't take it anymore." 

"What's the catch?" 

"Smart boy," he said with a chuckle. "You get one pop tonight. If you shoot your wad downstairs, you go home. If, on the other hand, you hold off till eleven, you can come back upstairs and blow me, and I will finish you off myself." 

I chose door number two. Only one little problem. "How am I supposed to hold off for five and a half hours with people teasing me all night?" 

"You can pull out of the hole when you're getting close, take a ten-minute break, then stick it in again. That fancy watch of yours does tell time, right?" 

Good god, this man and his games. "Yes." 

"Okay, then. Off you go, my little slut." His little endearment didn't help the situation inside my jeans. 

I took my clothes and his nasty sign and sauntered down the back stairs as if walking to my own funeral. Maybe I didn't need to be so morose. After all, I had his blessing to pop a nut either way, and that wasn't such a horrible proposition. But I wanted him to see that I could master this challenge. And I wanted his dick in my mouth tonight. 

I followed the signage to a hallway with a series of small booths around the perimeter of the pit. It was early enough that many of the cubbies were still open, and I chose the most out-of-the-way spot available. It was a cramped, dark space, not meant to accommodate a person for the length of time I'd be spending here—assuming things went well. I threw my clothes on the floor and shucked off my jeans. My cock sprang into position, providing a sturdy hanger for Mr. C's homemade sign. 

As I looped the string around my dick, I noticed the wording on the back of the sign, meant for my eyes only: "Property of The Cock of the Walk." If any part of me wasn't aroused before reading that, it certainly was now. 

Seconds later, my first customer wrapped his hands around me and started in on a super aggressive handjob. This guy was efficient, and judging by his heavy breathing, he had worked us both into a froth in no time flat. Jesus, how easy it would be to just let go and enjoy the ride. I was nearing the point of no return, and I had to make a decision before my brain shut down and turned over the decision making to my dick. 

Property of The Cock of the Walk. Those words ran through my head and wrapped around my lust. I wanted to keep that title, even if I wasn't the only one. Even if he wasn't mine back. 

I gathered every ounce of self-control I possessed and pulled my throbbing dick out of his grasp. The string slid and teetered on the very tip of my dick, and I was lucky to remember to pull the sign inside before it fell to the floor on the wrong side of the wall. 

"What the fuck, bro?" came the irritated voice from the other side. 

"Sorry, man. I'm not supposed to..." Fuck, I sounded like a pussy. Not a pussy, Mr. C's slut. A title I would wear proudly. "I need to wait." 

"Suit yourself. I'm not waiting!" 

I covered my ears to the sounds of his orgasm, as if that would stop his loud grunts from penetrating my ear drums. Mind over matter, I told my swollen dick, shut down once again on the verge of release. I remembered to check my watch... 6:05. It was gonna be a long fucking night. 

At 6:15, I dutifully fed my cock and its sign through the hole again. A warm mouth closed around me in no time. He rolled my aching balls between his fingers. I tried counting backwards by sevens from 1,000. Somewhere around the high 800s, I was in trouble again. My cock was a lightning rod. I pulsed toward the sensations too good to resist—tongue and teeth and lips—until the pressure was unbearable. 

"Fuck!" I groaned as I pulled away from everything pleasurable, back into my lonely cave. I heard laughter from the other side of the wall. 

"You asked for it, buddy." 

So I had. There was no shortage of sadistic fuckers on the eater side of the wall. No sooner did I poke my meat through the glory hole then another mouth or set of hands would start in on me. I lost count after a few hours. My ten-minute breaks were barely keeping me afloat, but I was determined to play by Mr. C's rules. 

At 9:48, I straightened my sign for the umpteenth time and sent my raging erection through the hole, praying for mercy. One more hour after this one. If I could just get less of a tease, I had a chance of pulling this off. 

My plans were foiled when my dick met a puddle of lube in a hand that could only belong to my biggest tormentor—Mr. C himself. My dick knew his touch like I knew the lines on my face, but it's not as if he even attempted to conceal his identity. 

"You're holding up well, I see," he said, greasing me up like butter on a hot corn cob. 

"I was." I stood little chance against his charms, and we both knew it. 

And charming he was, using my dick as his own personal plaything and fueling the fire with his sexy chatter. He rode his hands down my shaft in extra-slow motion, eking out every inch of pleasure and leaving me breathless when he let go. 

"I had to come downstairs and see you in action. Did you know there's a line in front of your hole five men deep?" Before I could answer, he stroked me again, from tip to balls. 

"No, I haven't...mmmm...looked." 

"Because you were too busy being a slut, weren't you?" 

"Yessss." My forehead dropped against the wall as I surrendered to his touch. 

"Mmhmm, but you're my slut, aren't you?" 

"Yes." 

"I had to cut to the front of the line and tell them all to back off. That this was my cock to tease." 

A whimper escaped me. Jesus, how did he know exactly how to stir me? 

"Don't you think you should thank me for that, slut? For claiming you?" 

"Thank you." 

"That's a good boy," he said, brushing his thumb across my tip in relentless strokes. "Tell me, how many mouths have you been inside tonight?" 

"I don't know—" 

"How many?" He squeezed my balls, making me gasp. 

Shit, he really wanted a number? "Um, I dunno, maybe nine? Ten, I think." 

"Did any feel as good as this?" 

Easy question. "No." I rocked forward. He laughed and rewarded me with a tight pump. 

"So, you want more?" 

"Yes." No, wait. If I finished down here, I'd lose my chance to go upstairs. "No, thank you." 

He chuckled and stroked me again. "Are you sure? This must feel really, really good." He made sure it did. 

I let out an agonized groan. He made it so hard to be good. I took a deep breath and answered. "I'm sure." 

He slid his hand to the base of my cock and squeezed, helping me regain control. "Let's see how much of my teasing you can take, shall we?" Did I have a choice? "When you can't handle it for one second longer, you can pull back." 

That seemed doable—or at least try-able. I mumbled out an "okay" and he set to work on me with both hands. Before I knew it, my hips were banging against my side of the wall as I thrust into his hands. He didn't let up on me for a second, stepping up the dirty talk, telling me how he was gonna make me blow my load for the whole room to see, to show everyone I was his cum slut and this was his cock. 

"FUCK! I can't!" I pushed violently off the wall, and he loosened his grip and let me go. The sign slid off on his side of the wall. 

"You're not jerking it in there, are you?" he taunted. 

"No." I was barely holding back, but he didn't need to know that. 

He stepped closer and placed his mouth close to the hole so only I could hear him. "You did well. I'm proud of you." 

A shiver trickled down my spine. I shouldn't have cared so much what he thought, and I probably shouldn't have been so damn pleased he'd come downstairs to tease me personally. But I did and I was. "Thank you." 

"You're welcome, Mr. Manners," he said. "Take your ten minutes to compose yourself, then meet me upstairs. You've got a dick to suck, and I'm going to blow your mind." 

* 

How about you? Would you have held out for door five upstairs?