 The next five days, Mr. C had me running ragged. 

I couldn't risk not having my phone within reach, even at work. Friday morning began with an 8 a.m. text with a link to a glory hole video: 
WATCH ME
And no touching the D

One hour later, more of the same. He left me alone until three, when he started in again, with a marathon of required viewing links every hour on the hour. At 8 p.m., he wanted to know which video had made me the horniest, citing details, not that I was permitted to relieve myself. 

Saturday, he demanded my presence at the club on fifteen minutes' notice, never mind that I was out to dinner with my wife. I made a half-assed excuse about work and called her a taxi from the restaurant. Probably my lowest moment as a husband—though I would soon sink lower. Even worse, I was such a horny mess by the time he finally touched me, I couldn't bring myself to regret my actions. I was addicted to what only he could give me—all his games, his torturous teasing, the way he treated me as his own personal plaything, 

Sunday, I woke to this: 
SHOW ME 
Jerk it on the odd hours and send pics

I was finally excused after the 11 p.m. jerk. with a warning to get a good night's sleep. I didn't.

He did not differentiate my work days from the weekend. He never asked or seem to give a shit if I was busy or what it might cost me in terms of my relationships—with coworkers, friends, or my wife—to meet his demands. None of that was his problem, I understood. That was on me. And because I never hesitated to follow orders, he continued to up the ante.

Hence, the outrageous demands of Monday.

At 9:45, sitting at my desk at work, I was hit with a text requiring immediate action:

PLAY ME
Your scavenger hunt begins now. Proceed to your car and await further instructions.

A pang of arousal radiated outward from the bull's-eye of my groin. There was never a question whether I would obey.

With no idea how long this little adventure might last, I bowed out of the lunch meeting with three of my direct reports and cleared my schedule through two o'clock. For now, I picked an easy target—Mary's father's health was failing, my coworkers were aware.

"The weekend was rocky," I told them in somber tones. "I just learned he's been admitted to County for pneumonia."

"Of course you should go," they answered. "Be with your family." 

I was headed for a special place in hell. But first, I'd follow whatever detour Mr. C chose to arrange for me.

Ignoring the inevitable repercussions of this reckless behavior, I jogged out to my car as fast as my legs could carry me. My dick was doing the thinking for me now, and there was no stopping him.

Drive to Pleasure Palace and text me when you arrive.

Gulp. And away we go. I could stall but I couldn't escape. My first stop was Madison's largest adult toy store, and I wasn't equipped to imagine what Mr. C would require from me there. I concentrated on the road with all the focus of a drunk driver being followed by a cop, certain the guilt was written in bold letters across my forehead. PERVERT. LIAR. ADULTERER. HOMO. SLUT. I was a fucking encyclopedia of sins.

There were a few cars in the parking lot, close to the building but not each other. I stared at the store, a huge steel box with not a window in sight. Let's face it, who wanted to be seen here? Not me! I forced out a heavy sigh and texted him.

I'm here.

Good boy. I knew you would play :) 

Honestly, it had never occurred to me not to. I waited for his instructions, butterflies pounding against the inside of my chest.

Tell me you're hard.

I didn't need to check my lap to know my cock was straining against my trousers. I am hard.

Good. Here we go.

His words hit me like a starter's pistol, propelling me out of the blocks into god knows what. The answer to that question came seconds later.

PLUG ME
Take that boner inside the store and buy yourself a silicone butt plug. Minimum 3". 

Shit just got real. I'd feared this was the direction our little trysts were heading, but the reality was something entirely different. For some reason, I trusted him not to harm me, but my ass was a new frontier I wasn't at all sure I wanted to explore. I stared at his text, willing the words to change. They did not. Here goes nothing.

OK

Without any acknowledgment of how difficult this might be for me, he texted me back immediately: Message me when you're done.

I got out of my car and stood on legs that felt like jelly. They wanted no part of this, but they soon learned what my brain already knew—the dick was in charge. I shrugged off my suit jacket and tie, rolled up my sleeves, and attempted to look as uncorporate as a person could possibly look while wearing a suit. The sunglasses probably helped as much as Clark Kent's disguise, but they were all I had.

Next thing I knew, I was standing in the anal toys aisle, trying like hell not to imagine any of these objects anywhere near my asshole—most specifically, inside it.

"You look like you might need some help."

My head snapped up toward the approaching sales associate, a pasty white guy whose belly overhung his belt like a big, flat tire. "No, I'm—"

I was what, exactly? Completely ignorant about the three shelves of anal toys. One thing seemed clear—whatever I picked out was going to end up in my ass. I owed it to myself to pick out something that wouldn't shred me...but then again, I didn't want to risk disappointing Mr. C.

"I need a plug at least three inches long."

He pushed his glasses to the top of his nose and stared at me. This was not the least bit embarrassing for him. This device was not going up his ass. "Is it for you or someone else?" 

"Me."

The edges of his mouth twitched up. "First time?"

"Yeah."

"How much of a masochist are you?"

"Not much." Well, that might not have been true when it came to Mr. C's teasing, but this was my butthole we were talking about now.

"Here," he said, taking one of the narrower plugs down from the shelf. "This should do the job. Need some lube to go with that?"

"No, this is good." Mr. C hadn't authorized me to buy lube. 

"Okay. I'll take this up front for you, whenever you're ready."

"I'm ready," I answered swiftly. I didn't come here to browse, and it would only get me in trouble.

I followed the bouncing butt plug and the guy I hoped would forget me as soon as I left this place. I paid in cash, carried the brown paper bag to my car, and grabbed my phone.

Mission accomplished.

Don't make me put it in. Don't make me put it in. Don't make me put it in...

That was quick.

It was simple math, honestly. The sooner I finished all the running around, the sooner I would get to him. My phone buzzed again. Apparently, Mr. C was quick, too.

DRESS ME
Next stop- Victoria's Secret. Pick up a pair of sexy pink panties. Guessing you'll take an XL. 

My stupid dick twitched. I glared at it. Really?

So, Mr. C wanted me to buy ladies lingerie. No biggie. I had a wife and the wedding band to prove it. She'd make a good decoy—again. I wasn't thrilled about gallivanting about the mall with my flimsy excuse for leaving work, but what were the chances I'd be seen? The Churchill Mall certainly wasn't a destination for anyone from our side of town. I could do this.

OK

Message me pics from dressing room—back and front. :) 

Oh, hell, no. There was no fucking way I was going into the dressing room of that store, stripping down, putting on some skanky panties, and taking selfies! He'd finally gone too far with his outrageous demands.

Seriously? This? Apparently, the devil's advocate was now sitting on my left shoulder, speaking loudly into my ear. After all you've been through and done TO HIM, and with other men FOR HIM? Hell, what's the big deal, anyway?

Did I really give a shit what some cashier or some random lingerie shoppers in the mall thought about me? Was I really going to let this cockblock me?

Of fucking course I wasn't. His text didn't require an answer, and I didn't send one. I drove my ass to the mall, shoved the phone, wallet, and keys into my pockets, straightened the Maui Jim's on my face, and headed inside. The moment I crossed the threshold of the store, one of the "sales associates" pounced.

She flipped the Bluetooth headset to one side, as if excusing herself from the G-20 Summit to perform this all-important duty. "What can I help you find today?"

"I'm good," I said, with a healthy dose of leave-me-the-fuck-alone. 

She gave me "the look" and let me know she was available if I changed my mind. I wouldn't. Anal plugs required a consultation, underwear did not.

Best to get this over with quickly. Mr. C wanted sexy—I'd give him sexy. The choices were overwhelming. Thong, V-string, hipsters, bikini, cheekini? What the hell was that? I picked up a pair from one of the overflowing bins and stretched it between my outstretched fingers. Uh, NO. 

Aha! Boy shorts! Hmm, that almost sounded doable. I thumbed through the perfectly arrayed rainbow of varieties in the pie slice labeled XL. They didn't look like any shorts I'd ever owned, that was for sure, but compared to the thong and horrifying cheekini, at least these offered a little coverage. Were they sexy enough to meet Mr. C's standards? Not the plain ones, maybe, but this hot pink lace number might do. Out of habit, I pictured them on my wife, then immediately tried replacing that image with Mr. C's ass. Not really my thing, but yeah, I could see where these could be sexy. On my saggy ass? Doubtful, but this pair was my best bet.

And now, for phase two...operation fitting room. Fuck. I plucked the pair I wanted from the table—it was these or bust—and chucked what was left of my pride right there at the boy shorts rounder. I tracked down my sales girl, and she gave me an eager smile. 

"All set?" she asked.

"No, actually I..." FUCK. ME. "I need to see these on." My cheeks flared with heat, but I'd done it. The worst was over. Or so I thought.

"I'm sorry. I can't," she said, her mouth flopping down at the corners. "I mean, we don't do that. It's against company policy."

It took me a couple of beats to realize this poor girl thought I wanted her to model the panties for me. "God, no, I just need you to unlock the room for me."

"Oh." Her relieved expression was quickly replaced by distaste as she put the pieces together. "Oh. We don't allow men in the dressing room area."

I'd come this far. I was not about to take no for an answer. I pulled out my wallet and stuffed a twenty between her hand and the hip it was resting on. "I understand your policy, but there is literally nobody in the store but me. I promise, I'll just be a minute. It's just the one pair." 

She sighed hard and looked over her shoulder to confirm that I was, indeed, the only customer. Covering her mouthpiece with her hand, she whispered, "Fine, but make it quick." I had every intention of doing just that. 

It took me approximately one millisecond post-unlocking to strip off everything I was wearing from the waist down, including the socks and shoes I'd tried, at first, to leave on. Never, ever, had I fantasized about wearing girly things, but as my feet penetrated the leg openings, there was an undeniable jolt to my crotch. I couldn't help my response when the pink lace slid along my thighs—I was getting hard.

Before I could snap any pictures, my full-on boner required a very tricky adjustment so the tip didn't poke out the top...or the bottom. I tucked my balls in as best I could, sucked in my gut, and snapped the picture in the mirror, making sure to hide my face.

I felt even more ridiculous jockeying into position for the ass selfie, and it was way more difficult than I would have thought. I finally got it right on the fourth try by opening my stance and jutting my ass toward the mirror. I sent the pictures, praying they would be acceptable because I needed to get out of here ASAP in my own briefs. I avoided looking at myself in the mirror or pondering what the hell I was doing with my life.

His text startled me, even though I was holding the phone in my hand, waiting for it.

Nice choice. Very pretty.
Take off shirt and try again. 

Fuck. Taking off the shirt meant untying the tie and fumbling with multiple buttons. And standing in this room practically naked—worse than naked. I obeyed, of course, and lifted the phone to my face. 

I shivered when I saw the body—Was that me?—through the lens. Tight, puckered nipples. Skin pebbled with goosebumps. A line of dark hair disappearing into the feminine material. The unruly lump and the plump sac that could not be concealed by the flimsy lace. 

Very pretty, Mr. C had written. I wasn't so sure about that, but I couldn't deny that the sight was oddly arousing. I sent the picture, hoping it would work for him, too, then turned around and managed another ass shot. He didn't keep me waiting.

Frontal—check! I want to run my tongue over that ball hanging out.
Let's get more pop on that booty.

My meter was running out, and I was feeling more and more frantic with each rejection. Hell if I knew how to get more booty pop. I gave it my motherfucking all, snapping picture after picture, but nothing was working—until I had the brilliant idea to bend forward against the wall.

I raised my phone and snapped the shot. Jesus. Ass in the air, legs spread, back arched, red lace creeping into my crack, the shadow of ripe fruit hanging between my legs. If he didn't approve of this one, I give up. I texted him the picture with the message, Better?

A quiet knock on the door made my heart skip a beat. "Almost done in there?"

"Yes. Be out in a sec." Mr. C and God willing.

I glared at my phone. My ass pic stared back at me but there was no message from him. Maybe I'd hedge my bet just a little...what would be the harm in getting started? I pulled my shirt over my head and glanced in the mirror.

To my great horror, a dark spot had formed on the panties at the tip of my cock. There was never any question I was buying these, but now I couldn't exactly hand them to the cashier to ring up. That left only one option, and it wasn't a good one. I snapped off the tags. I was wearing these fuckers out.

Mr. C's incoming text eased the blow somewhat. Way to rise to the occasion. I am pleased.

Halle-fucking-lujah! I jumped into my trousers and wrangled belt, tie, socks, and shoes into place. My briefs lay on the floor, yet another abandoned scrap of my LBC—life before cock. I stuffed my underwear into my pocket, grabbed the price tag, and snuck out of the room. I tried not to blush when I told the cashier I was wearing the boy shorts out, and she was kind enough to ask if I wanted a bag for my "other, um, garment" while staring at my overstuffed pocket.

I made it out to my car without keeling over from embarrassment. I heaved a giant sigh of relief, which turned out to be premature.

WAX ME

The mewl that escaped me didn't sound human. It was more like the anguished cry of an animal with its leg trapped between steel jaws. I should just chew the fucker off now and be done with it.

You have a 12:30 appointment with Shane at the Wax Emporium.
He knows what to do.

And clearly, I did not have a vote as to which hairs were to be removed. Mr. C tended to be thorough. FUCK.

I googled the establishment, not surprised to learn it was located three blocks from the Rabbit Hole. I took that as the first good sign—maybe there was a visit to Mr. C in my near future.

I'd just make it by 12:25, which was merciful, because I really didn't need extra time to think about some guy applying hot wax to my stick and berries—or pulling it off, for that matter. Squirming only reminded me I was wearing lacy underpants, which also wasn't a reassuring thought. There actually wasn't much left to think about that was cheerful, outside of the prize I might win from Mr. C for playing his kinky scavenger hunt.

I want to run my tongue over that ball hanging out. 

That was a pleasant enough image. Mr. C's nose, nuzzled in my crotch, his warm mouth enveloping my balls while he fisted my dick. My happy fantasy carried me to the reception desk, where I stumbled over what the hell to say.

"Yes, I'm... I have an appointment with Shane for 12:30?"

"Of course, sir. Oh..."—the woman behind the desk giggled—"you must be Mr. Harry Dick?" 

"Good god." I could feel the heat rushing to my cheeks. "My, er, friend booked the appointment for me."

"I see he has quite the sense of humor."

"Right." Lady, if you only knew. 

"How would you like to pay today?"

"How much is it?" Seeing as I had no idea what I was paying for.

"The total is one-eighty."

"One hundred eighty dollars?" That sounded like a shit ton of hair.

"Mmhmm," she answered cheerfully. "You are getting the deluxe package. It's actually a great deal. You're saving sixty dollars."

"Fabulous."

I thumbed off two hundreds, making a mental note to get more cash. This little fetish of mine was becoming expensive.

"You can head right down to treatment room four. Go ahead and remove everything from your waist down, relax on the table, and cover up with the sheet. Shane will be with you shortly."

The funeral march rang in my ears as I stepped inside the room. Do not look at the torture devices, I told myself as I removed my phone, wallet, and keys from my pocket and set them into the tasteful tray. I toed off my shoes while I opened my belt and trousers. I was so freaked out about the wax, I'd nearly forgotten about my underwear. I folded my clothes into a neat pile, making sure to tuck the pink lace well out of sight. 

I sat on the table and swung my legs up. I lay back and stared at the ceiling, where someone had pasted happy pictures of outdoor scenes—places far away from here. I pulled up the sheet, though I realized it would offer me no protection once Shane arrived. My hand found its way to my happy trail and scritched at the "bikini line" that would be first to go. Deluxe package, she'd said. I stroked my frightened cock, bidding a silent farewell to the hairs protecting my ball sac. 

Not that Mr. C had asked, but I was more a fan of the trimmed look than totally bare. I loved his look, for example. The neat, dark triangle framing his groin, the tickle of the short hairs when I swallowed him to the base. But then, this wasn't about what I liked, was it? This was his way of reminding me that my cock and I belonged to him, and he would do what he pleased with me, even if he happened to be three blocks or thirty miles away. Even if his dick was in someone else's mouth while I was spreading my ass cheeks for Shane.

A soft knock on the door. A gentle voice. "Are you ready for me?"

I wanted to say no. I wanted to run. I wanted to not have my nut hairs ripped out by the roots. But more than all that, I wanted to feel Mr. C's tongue against my bare skin. I wanted—shiver—to feel his fingers gliding along smooth skin between my cheeks. I wanted to hear him say, "Good boy. I knew you would do this for me."

I took a deep breath and pushed it out. "Yes."

Shane entered the room, sat down on the stool next to the table and introduced himself. He looked like the Ken doll factory ran out of plastic and chiseled him from marble instead. His smile made me fluttery. Getting lost in his endlessly blue eyes was my only chance of not thinking about what he was wearing under his cute blue scrubs, but his eyes were not safe. Not at all. 

He broke the ice with a little "waxist humor."
