 A storm raged in my gut as I climbed the stairs. 

No denying I was aroused and eager to see him. He'd set me on edge with his first scavenger hunt command, and every errand since had only made me hornier. Major lines had been crossed with the full-monty-waxing and the girly-panty-wearing, and god help me, there was still the not insignificant matter of the butt plug I was about to deliver into his hands. 

Thankfully, the door was unlocked, which was a very fucking good thing because no way could I have waited patiently in the hallway while he entertained another of his "visitors" right now. I strode in and checked the glory hole—no penis, no eyes, no finger, no mouth. I wasn't actually sure he was there until he spoke to me. 

"Were you a good boy for Shane?" 

"Yes." 

"Yes? So, you didn't get hard while he was taking care of you?" 

Oh. "No, I did." And I was painfully harder now, remembering it. 

"That doesn't sound so good to me." Gulp. "It sounds naughty." 

Dear god, how he baited me. I knew what he wanted to hear. "Yes, I was naughty." 

"Tsk, tsk. And here, I believed you when you said you were only a slut for me." 

"I am." I answered him automatically, but I was wrong, and the truth hit me as soon as the words left my mouth. 

I was definitely a slut for Mr. C first and foremost, but I had become pretty much an equal-opportunity slut these days where cock was involved. Of course he knew, too, and wanted to drive home the point so I would admit just exactly how far down the rabbit hole I'd fallen. 

"I guess I might have been attracted to Shane," I said. 

Mr. C acknowledged my confession as if he'd been waiting for it. "Mmm. I suppose you couldn't help yourself. Shane's a hot guy, and you were lying there all helpless and naked, weren't you?" 

"Yes." Those loose blue scrubs taunted me again. The skilled fingers applying the hot wax and the soothing balm to tender skin. Those endless, dazzling eyes. 

"And he had his hands all over you, all your intimate cracks and crevices..." 

"Yes." 

"What about Shane? Was he hard for you, too?" This was feeling more and more like a trap, and I was falling, falling... 

"No. I mean, I don't know. I don't think so." 

"You don't think so? Are you saying you didn't look?" His gentle teasing turned darker, demanding. "Tell me the truth, slut!" 

My knees trembled, and I grabbed the wall for support. "I looked." 

"Oh dear. What am I gonna do with you?" 

I had some ideas, but I didn't think it would be prudent to share. I also figured Mr. C didn't really need my help. "I honestly don't know." 

"Sure you do," he said. "Hand me your new toy." 

And there it was. My hands shook as I opened the bag and passed the plug through the glory hole. 

"You picked a good one," he said, turning the black knob over in his hands. "Take off your pants." 

I should have been prepared, but fantasy has a way of overpowering reality—until the guy holding a butt plug tells you to drop trou. Not in the heat of a passionate embrace—or any warmth at all, really—but in a detached, teasing tone, delivered from the opposite sides of a plaster wall. It was no wonder my palms went clammy as I reached for my belt. I couldn't even see my comfort zone from here. 

Even worse, I was about to reveal the pink lace girl-boyshorts he didn't know I was still wearing. His eyes traded places with his hands, appearing in the hole just in time to watch me unzip my trousers. 

"Holy shit! You're wearing your pretty pink panties?" He laughed as my pants dropped to my ankles. "Come closer!" 

Grateful for the temporary reprieve from the plug installation, I moved in so he could see me better. I stole a glance downward, and except for a little peek of scrotum out my left leg hole, the pink lace was doing an admirable job containing me. I reached a finger down to tuck in the wayward nut. 

"Nuh, uh, uh. Move that hand! That little cue ball is perfect right where it is." He poked a finger through the wall and tickled my exposed sac, making me wriggle. "Mmm, silky soft... I hope you gave Shane a good tip." 

In truth, I had given him an embarrassingly good tip. 

"You know, I think you're trying to distract me. Turn around... slowly." 

With my pants bunched at my ankles, I could only make a slow, cautious spin anyway. Halfway around, he halted me. "Assume the position." 

My spine tingled with a dizzying mix of horror and arousal. "Sorry?" 

"Don't be coy. Bend over, bitch." He capped off his command with a pinch. 

I jutted my ass toward the wall and spread my feet as far apart as I could. He whistled while he examined me, and I felt the hot gaze of an entire construction crew on my ass. He teased his finger up my crack and hooked it over the elastic. As he inched his fingertip down, my flimsy protection slid away bit by bit. My erection popped loose and hung out of reach, but Mr. C had my asshole at his mercy. 

"Smooth as a baby's bottom," he teased, running his finger up and down the hairless crease. 

I tried not to clench, but every time he neared my hole, my reflexes took over. He pressed his thumb at the top of my hole, and I sucked in a deep breath. 

"Sweet Jesus," he said, "look at this perfect, virgin hole. It is, right? Tell me I've found the one spot on your body nobody else has claimed. I will be the first to breach the blind eye, right?" 

Yes was the correct answer, the only answer, and basically constituted consent—in case there was any doubt after handing the man a butt plug. I took a deep breath and gave him what he wanted. "Yes." 

"Good," he answered, circling his thumb around the puckered skin. "At least I can be sure this one part of you is loyal. This will go better for you if you spread those cheeks for me." 

Oh god. For a moment, I left my body and floated to the ceiling, where I could view this whole sordid scene from a distance. That distance disappeared with the distinctive pop of the lube cap and the cool gel meeting my asshole. I jumped forward, nearly toppling over. 

"Whoa, you getting skittish on me?" 

"Sorry," I muttered as I stepped back into place. I bent forward, spread my cheeks, and dug my heels into the floor so I wouldn't stumble again. 

His thumb traced faint circles around my hole. "I'm not going to hurt you," he said, suddenly leaving behind the role-play tone. 

He'd teased me, caged me, denied me till I was blue in the balls, and basically taken over my life, but he had yet to hurt me in any way. Obviously, I'd suspected some amount of suffering would be involved when he sent me for the plug, yet here I was, splayed open for him like a Playboy centerfold. 

"I trust you," I said. It was the simple truth. 

His finger slowed, and he cleared his throat. "If you need me to stop, just say... 'Alice.' Got it?" 

"Yes." He'd given me a safe word, and I knew he would respect it. I hoped like hell I wouldn't need it. 

"I want you to relax your muscles and let the plug do its job. Here comes the tip." 

UNPLEASANT. THIS IS UNPLEASANT. THIS IS VERY UNPLEASANT. 

This is bearable. 

I didn't realize I was holding my breath until he quietly urged me to breathe. I tried to focus on the touch of his fingers against my skin rather than the motherfucking wedge being twisted into my hole. 

THIS IS UNPLEASANT. 

I rocked forward but not out of reach, enough to remind me that freedom was only a step away. There was nothing binding me to this wall or to him, nothing but my free will, and I'd chosen to be here again and again. I'd chosen to follow through on all his requests, to place myself in situations well outside my tight little box again and again, and my reward was being with him—even like this. Maybe especially like this. 

I was his cash cow, I got it, and he knew how to milk me, all right. But part of me needed to believe he didn't have this same connection with every guy who paid to come up here and suck his dick. Despite the wall and the lack of personal contact, there was no denying the intimacy we shared. Even in full-on cock-of-the-walk mode, he always let me know he cared about me, liked me, even. 

So I held my ground and tried my very best to relax, while the probe cleared the tight ring of muscle designed to push objects out of my body, not welcome them in. I felt full, so full... 

"You're doing great," he said. "Almost there." 

His encouragement carried me to the finish line, to that delicious moment where "Grin and bear it" tipped to "Ahh, fuck, yesss." He sensed the shift, twisting deeper, easing the plug to its final destination. 

"You like that, slut?" he asked, dragging me close to that edge he loved to dangle me over. "You like me playing with your asshole?" 

"Yes!" 

The pleasure-pain spiral I couldn't pick apart sent my head spinning. Maybe I was more of a masochist than I'd let on to my buddy at Pleasure Palace. Somewhere, in the vast, dark, depths of desire, I'd wanted this. Hell, I needed this! Even in my fantasies, I could never quite get all the way here, fear and taboo working their voodoo to scare me off. 

I was desperate to grab my cock, but he hadn't given me permission. Frankly, I wasn't sure I needed to touch myself at all. If he kept up the pressure, I'd need to start begging— 

"That's my good, horny boy. Now, pull up your panties and get down on your knees for me." 

With an exasperating final twist, he left me full and wanting. I didn't mean to growl at him, but, as usual, my frustration only made him gleeful. 

"Careful, Mr. Grouchy, unless you want to wear that plug home." I definitely did not. 

I pulled up the underwear and squatted in front of the glory hole. I rode his cock with my mouth, every subtle rock of my hips causing a direct jolt to my prostate. I'd caught him early in the day, in the pre-first-suck hours, and Mr. C did not last long, nor did he hold back. He came hard into the back of my throat with a series of deep, sexy grunts that made my cock weep into the pink lace. It had been a long, hard day for my poor dick, and I didn't blame him one bit for crying. 

"That was nice," he said. "You know, you have become quite the good little cocksucker." His dick disappeared onto the other side of the wall, and I was struck by the familiar panic I could never quite shake—that he was done with me now, and he'd forget me or purposefully ignore me until god-knows-when. 

But he never had, and he didn't now. Just the opposite, in fact. 

"I have something very special for you," he said. 

Every one of my hackles raised to its full and upright position. His gifts were rarely easy, and something "special" could only mean trouble. "Oh, yeah?" I attempted nonchalance, but I'm sure it was laughable. 

"Oh no, mister. You're not getting this gift unless you can show more enthusiasm. Seriously, you're starting to hurt my feelings." 

He stepped toward the hole and produced a black velvet box. Idiotically, my thoughts went straight to a ring. "You asked me once if I had others walking around in my hardware. I only own one of these, and I want you to wear it." 

"Wow! Really?" Sight unseen, whatever this was, I wanted it. I lifted the damper off my emotions and let Mr. C hear my genuine pleasure. "I'd be incredibly honored. Thank you so much!" 

He chuckled. "Now, that is what I've been looking for. Was that so difficult? Here. Open it." 

I took his gift with slightly less trepidation than I'd handed him the plug. I hinged open the lid. Inside was a beautiful silver cock ring, engraved with the same words he'd written on the back of my sign: Property of The Cock of the Walk. 

The air left my lungs in a grateful whoosh. "It's gorgeous. Thank you." 

"You earned it, and you're welcome. You understand this comes with a commitment?" 

I waited for him to explain, because no, I did not understand at all. 

"You're mine. Once I put this on you, your cock is mine and mine only." 

But I'm married! I can't... I shouldn't... Shamefully, none of that was the concern I voiced. "But you...?" 

"No. This is a one-way offer from me to you. I hope you'll accept, but it changes nothing on my side of the wall." 

This was a substantial piece of hardware. His mark on me, loud and clear. The ring was twice the width of my wedding band. Mary would notice, assuming she saw me naked again at some point in our future. Fuck. If only he hadn't engraved it, maybe I could just tell her I wanted to try out something new... 

Really? Was I really standing here in the glory hole palace trying to figure out how I could cheat on Mr. C with my own wife? What the hell kind of lowly scumbag had I become? 

His hand appeared through the hole. "If you're not sure, you should give it back." 

"No." The answer tumbled out of my mouth without thought or conscience. And as wrong as it was, it was the only answer. "I'm sure." 

I couldn't see his face, but I felt his smile. "Let's put it on you. How about setting the stage with a sexy striptease? I am dying to see what you look like bare." 

I looked erect, that much was certain. I handed him back the box so he could put his ring on me, and I dove into my brain for some sexy stripper music to get me started. I wasn't much of a dancer, but I channeled Magic Mike and all his friends and threw myself into the role. I hooked my thumbs into the waistband and teased one side lower, then the other as I swung my hips in a figure eight. His catcalls and whistles spurred me on, and I turned around and shook my ass as I pulled the panties down over my cheeks. My cock sprang free in the front, and I covered it with one hand before turning to face the hole. 

"You're killing me, Harry," he joked. "Lemme see what you've got for me." 

I pushed the underwear down my legs and gave myself one last tug. When I moved my hand away, he immediately replaced it with his. 

"Come here and give me my dick." He set his palm on my shaft and curled his fingers around my length. 

I hissed at the contact with my bare skin. 

"Ahh, you look bigger now. And younger without those gray hairs." The obvious pleasure in his voice lessened the harsh sting of reality. 

His hand glided over my shaft and moved past the base. He cupped my balls and popped them around like a handful of dice he was about to throw against the wall. "How does it feel when I touch you?" he asked. 

"It's amazing. So intense. More sensitive and..." 

"And?" He stroked me mercilessly while he waited for my answer. One hand working up and down my shaft while the other glided across the bikini line, the soft, smooth skin at the crease of my thighs, the ball sac he loved to tease. 

I was quickly losing control. I needed to pull my shit together. Words... he was waiting for words. 

"I feel more exposed. More... yours." 

"You are all mine. This is all mine." 

With a sudden vigor, he pulled my dick and balls through the glory hole. The cold metal ring met my tip but clearly wouldn't progress any further down my erection. "Houston, we have a problem." He chuckled, but I was too far gone to join him. "Don't worry. I know how to fix this." 

His lips closed over my—or his, now—cock. His tongue lapped at the smooth skin, leaving a tingling trail in its wake. He rolled my balls around inside his cheeks. A million tiny electrodes fired all at once. His hands joined in, somehow touching everywhere at once. Teasing and tickling and stroking and licking the downy-soft skin. My hips thrust toward him shamelessly, slapping my thighs against the wall, and that's when the butt plug kicked in. 

Mr. C picked up his pace, jacking me with a force that rocked my whole pelvis toward that blessed hole, and then away, back and away, poking the magic button as if it were his own fingers deep inside me. I didn't recognize the yelp that left me as this new pleasure kicked in. On top of everything else—the kinky errands, sucking Mr. C, Mr. C sucking me, his hands and his mouth mercilessly torturing all that newly exposed flesh—the anal stimulation was too much. 

I couldn't slow down my response, and he wasn't letting up. "I'm so close!" 

He took over with his hands, leaving his mouth free to torment me. "Are you ready to come, slut?" 

"Yes!' 

"Don't tell me you've forgotten your manners now?" He slowed his hand, pumped tighter, with purpose. It was effective. I teetered on the edge. 

"PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!" My orgasm was building from the inside out, a persistent tickle that left me no escape from his hands. 

"That's better. I am going to let you come, soon"—I nearly came on the spot—"but after I put my ring around this cock, you're going to be able to last much, much longer for me, and we are going to have so much fun with that." 

Ohmymotherfuckinggod! Why was that so fucking hot? I might have to murder someone if I couldn't blow this load RIGHT NOW! 

My muddled brain weighed the two opposing forces—the plug in my ass and the relentless Mr. C in front—attempting to sort out the lesser evil, but it didn't matter anymore. The battle was over, and I was damn fucking close to losing the war. 

"Please, I can't hold back anymore..." 

"Go ahead, my greedy cum slut. Enjoy your orgasm! It's your last for a while!" 

"Oh, FUUUUUUCK!" I lost my rhythm and my direction. All the sensations pulsating through me gathered into one giant tangle of ecstasy, barreling out of me with a force I had never felt before. My hips pumped furiously, bumping the plug against my gland each time, sending my cock into wild spasms in his hands. 

"That's it," he cooed. "Let me have it all. Empty out those balls." 

He milked me until there was not a drop of cum left. I felt like a washcloth wrung out by Hercules. There was nothing left but blissful afterglow. He patted me dry with the towel and sent my dick back through the hole. 

"I'm going to give that fella a few minutes to calm down before I claim him. In the meantime, turn around so I can help you take out the plug." 

Oh yeah. 

The removal process gave my "fella" an excellent chance to calm down. Nothing kills a boner quite like the panic of having a butt plug stuck up your ass for the rest of your life. Mr. C patiently talked me through it, teaching me how to do it on my own—which left me with the spine-chilling certainty that I would be called on to do just that at some point in the near future. 

He handed me the plug and the towel ("Keep that, why don't you?") and waited for me to gather my wits. 

"So, what do you think of your new toy?" he asked. 

"I didn't hate it as much as I thought I might." 

His laughter trickled through the wall and warmed me. "You'll be begging for it again soon. Trust me." 

I didn't answer. I already knew he was right. 

"Come and claim your prize, Harry." He stuck the silver cock ring through the glory hole, and I stepped up and placed our cock inside. "Look at that, a perfect fit." 

* 

What's left for Harry and Mr. C? Any predictions?