 I made it back to my car, but that was the extent of my ambition. I was wiped. This pattern had become all too familiar lately—whipped into a frenzy, dangled for hours in a state of intense arousal, then relieved in an explosive burst that left me physically and emotionally spent. 

Too early to go home without arousing suspicion, too late to go back to work. 

I needed to kill some time and clear my head. Mr. C had kept me so off-balance since my first visit, I hadn't had a moment to rub two brain cells together. My double life was becoming a complicated mess. If I continued to let my dick do my thinking for me, I was going to destroy my career, my marriage, and my sanity. 

My marriage. Sigh. If I could just ride this out without Mary discovering my secret, I'd eventually tire of Mr. C and his demands and master this fantasy. No more glory hole for me. I would climb out of this rabbit hole and return to my post-crisis mid-life and everything would return to normal. 

But not quite yet. Not while it felt so damn amazing to belong to him. 

Assuming I could keep the panties and butt plug out of sight, account for my frequent, sudden exits, and, oh, explain why I was inexplicably bald "as a cue ball," as he'd put it, the only remaining issue was the silver ring on my cock proclaiming ownership by the Cock of the Walk. Yep, that could be a challenge, but it helped that Mary and I hadn't been intimate in months. 

Still, I used to be a decent husband. I knew there were plenty of other ways to show affection. The tightness in my chest eased a bit with my decision to at least try. I'd surprise Mary with a spontaneous gift, get home at a reasonable time, and hope that Mr. C let up long enough for the two of us to share a meal like an actual husband and wife. I drove downtown, my spirits lifting with every block. 

Somehow the fantasy of normalcy I'd concocted in my head didn't exactly click with the reality of my return home—a disconnect that was becoming horrifyingly common lately. When had my head gotten stuck so high in the clouds I couldn't even see what was right in front of me? 

What was Mary supposed to think when I walked in at ten minutes to six with a sparkly new necklace for no apparent reason? Me—Mr. Boring, Mr. Predictable, Mr. Stuck-in-a-rut. What did I expect her to think when, after weeks of being inattentive, I suddenly showered her with interest and concern? And above all, how did I think she'd respond to the prominent bulge in my trousers? 

If Mr. C hadn't ordered me to go commando until further notice, the lump might not have been so obvious. The man damn well knew what he was doing. I'd have to bust out my heavier suits until this siege was over. For now, I was stuck with a permanent semi, my dick showing off its new jewelry like a peacock displaying its feathers. 

My poor Mary. God, I was such a piece of shit. She said all the right words and she smiled in the right places, but it wasn't my wife's special smile she saved for me. She was holding back, too. And if that didn't make me feel bad enough, as we both pretended to enjoy our hot apple pie, she reached over and covered my hand with hers. 

"I'm worried about you," she said. "You're burning the candle at both ends." 

I choked on the bite of pie in my mouth. My ass was still on fire from the workout with the plug. Both ends indeed. 

"I'm okay. It's just this project. It has the whole office on edge." 

"I wish I could do something to help." Mary dropped her gaze to my lap, blushing like a bride on her wedding night. Good god. Now she wants me? What the hell? Was she picking up on my arousal? 

I flipped my hand over, squeezed hers, and tried like hell to erase the panic from my voice. "That's a very sweet offer, but I think I'm just too exhausted to go there right now. Rain check?" I gave her a hopeful smile, which she answered with a nod. 

"Sure." 

* 

I did not hear from Mr. C all weekend. Not one text or call. Mary and I went to dinner and a movie Saturday night. Not a lot of talking was required of me, and the dark movie theater provided good cover for my ever-present half-boner. I undressed in the bathroom after she'd gone to bed. 

Mary did not comment when I appeared at the kitchen counter Sunday morning in my thickest sweatpants. Though Mr. C was decidedly silent for two days, his ring around my cock was a constant, weighty reminder of the very significant space in my life he now commanded. 

We headed our separate ways as was our routine—Mary to the grocery store, me to the gym. Later, we retired to our favorite TV viewing spots and spent a quiet evening together, almost like a normal couple, except for the whole my-dick-belongs-to-the-CockoftheWalk thing. 

I dared not take off my suit jacket at work Monday, earning some strange looks and ribbing from my colleagues. Better than the alternative. Even the heavier winter-weight suit was no match for the outline of my erection. Though he was nearly constantly in my thoughts, I did not hear from Mr. C at all during my workday—which should have been a relief, but now, I was starting to worry. As outrageous as his demands were, at least he was thinking of me when he made them. This silence felt like rejection. 

Just when I'd begun to think Tuesday was going to be another bust, Mr. C ended the drought with a text at 4:25 pm. My heart leapt in my chest at the possibility he'd summoned me for the honor of first suck. 

How's my dick today? 

Not exactly the invitation I was hoping for. Unsure what he wanted for an answer, I glanced down at my crotch and texted back: Lumpy. 

Get hard for me. Send pic. 

Jesus, here we go. Nothing inspired quite like a command from Mr. C. I was rock hard in seconds. I snuck to the bathroom stall and snapped a picture for him, only to go the rest of the day and night without hearing from him again. 

* 

When his text came in the next day at 2:15, I ducked out of a meeting to comply. 

I'm in the mood for a matinee. Take it out and play with it for me. Send video. 

His lack of detail was maddening. I had no idea how long to video, and it took me three frustrating tries to satisfy him. 

That'll do. Back to work, Harry. 

I returned to my meeting, dejected and horny. My cock had barely gone soft since he'd claimed it for his own. I wasn't going to last much longer without relief, and truth be told, I really needed Mr. C to be the one to do it. 

He didn't contact me on Thursday, and I spent the day in a funk. I knew I shouldn't, but I let myself wonder who he was with, what they were doing, whether he'd lavished any of his other "boys" with the kinds of attention I hoped he reserved for me and me alone. 

Friday late afternoon, my phone buzzed with a text, and I jumped out of my chair. My heart sank when I saw it was from Mary. Disappointment turned to horror as I read her text: 

Why did I just get a call from Janet Collins asking if my father was released from the hospital? 

Fucking Jack. I should have known he would blab to his wife. What the fuck was I going to tell Mary? I could not come up with any scenario that didn't end with the house of cards crashing to the ground. I couldn't claim Jack had misunderstood—there were two other people in the room who'd heard the same thing. 

Dread curdled my insides like a gallon of sour milk. There was only one way out of this mess—the truth. And even I wasn't enough of a dick to send the dagger through Mary's heart by phone. 

Are you home? 

Yes. Why? You're scaring me, Jay! 

I'll be there in half an hour. We need to talk. 

I wanted to add I was sorry for cheating and blowing up our marriage. I wanted to tell her she was better than me, that none of this was her fault. I wanted to say I loved her. Those things were true, but I'd tell her in person. 

I wished I could blame this on turning forty or claim it was a passing curiosity. I wanted to say I regretted chasing this fantasy, that I would stop this madness right now, take off Mr. C's ring, go back to being a real husband to the woman I'd already pledged to love, honor, and respect... but all of that would have been a lie. 

I wanted to assure my wife of sixteen years I wasn't gay, but that would have been the biggest lie of all. 

I told my assistant I was feeling ill and had her cancel my meetings for the rest of the day. 

* 

Mary, bless her heart, was not a drama queen. With all my lame excuses and late nights, she'd started to suspect I was having an affair. The truth was actually a relief for both of us. And the worst part was over now. 

Drained from my emotional, brutally honest conversation with Mary, I shoved a few random things into a duffel bag before leaving our marital home—my razor and toothbrush, some clothes, the kinky shit he'd made me buy last week—and headed to my car without any other possible destination in mind. 

I really didn't want to show up at the club in my damn suit, so I popped into a gas station bathroom to throw on a pair of jeans. I was about to initiate contact with Mr. C, breaking our unspoken protocol, but what other choice did I have? I hoped he wouldn't be angry. I prayed he would see me. 

I readied my hundred and braced myself for Marvin's snide comment, which he delivered right on cue as I approached. "What, no toys tonight?" 

"No." The shake in my voice gave Marvin pause. 

He cocked his head and held onto my hand a beat too long as I pressed the bill into his palm. "You look like crap." Was that actual concern I detected behind his dark, beady eyes? 

I took a chance because as much as I wasn't in the mood for Marvin's abuse, I'd be wrecked if Mr. C rejected me right now. "If you have an ounce of compassion, you will not make me watch another guy come out of that room tonight." 

"Yeah, okay," he said, in a surprising display of empathy. "Gimme a minute..." He turned away and chatted into his Bluetooth in a low voice. "He says give him five minutes, then go on up." 

"Thank you." 

I stepped inside the door and made myself count to 300 in slow, measured beats. I forced my thoughts far away from room five, and I avoided looking at the guy who passed me on his way down. 

As I climbed the stairs, it struck me that this was the first thing that felt truly right in a week, coming here, being with him. I knew it was fucked up, but that was the damn truth. 

I walked into the room and shut the door behind me. His brown eyes waited for me in the glory hole, watching me, measuring my actions. I stood back far enough that he could only see my midsection. I didn't need him to know I looked like shit. 

"Thanks for seeing me," I said. 

"Rough day?" 

I sighed. "I told my wife." 

"Oh." I couldn't read his emotions, if he had any. "Did she kick you out?" 

"I kicked myself out." I was the lousy scumbag that had cheated on my marriage. I wasn't going to make Mary the bad guy. 

"I see." 

Fuck. He sounded detached, maybe even irritated. 

Could I blame him? I'd ruined my marriage, and now I was ruining this, too. "I'm sorry. I don't think I should have come here. I just... didn't know where else to go." 

"Hang on a second." 

The familiar panic set in—would he come back?—and my heart sank the furthest yet. Why on earth would he put up with some namby-pamby loser when he could have anyone he wanted? This wasn't what Mr. C had bargained for. He was probably about to ask for his ring back. I will keep my dignity. I will not beg. 

His eyes appeared in the glory hole. "My door is open." 

"Excuse me?" 

"I unlocked my door for you. You're welcome to join me over here, if you'd like to. It's up to you." 

Holy shit! 

I was petrified. Could I actually find the courage to meet Mr. C face-to-face? Reveal myself? Risk the remaining scraps of my so-called safe life for the chance to actually be with him without a wall between us? 

My feet were moving toward the door before it registered I'd already made my choice. Door five opened and shut behind me, Mr. C's unmarked door was now the only obstacle between us. I pulled in a deep breath, forced it out again, and turned the knob. 

I was struck by his eyes before everything else—odd because I'd already seen his eyes many times before. They looked different now, defined by cheeks and forehead. Warmth and kindness radiated from his deep, brown irises in a way the plaster oval cutout hadn't allowed. If he hadn't spoken, I might have remained stuck right there inside his gaze. 

"Welcome to the Taj Mahal," he said, beautiful, full lips curling into a smile. 

Those lips have been around my cock. My—his—dick sprang to life. 

I cleared my throat and took a cursory glance around the room. Not quite as plush as I'd imagined, but far more gracious than my concrete slab. A pedestal sink stood next to the glory hole, rolled up hand towels arranged in a basket below. The low seat he'd just vacated was pushed in front of the hole—the better to see me with. Against the opposite wall was a small couch, perhaps where he lounged between visitors or masturbated for those who paid to watch. A small, glass-door fridge was stocked with water bottles and booze. A large area rug covered most of the floor, leaving a generous strip bare near the glory hole for obvious reasons. 

The room was not what I'd come here to see. A whimper caught in my throat as I took in the full measure of Mr. C. His forehead gave way to a generous mane, a dozen different shades ranging from sandy blond to light brown, all pulled back against his scalp into a neat bun. I had to admit, I'd never quite appreciated the appeal of the man bun until this very moment. Suffice it to say, I was now a fan. But there was so much more to ogle. 

Gloriously bare-chested, he stood with his hands tucked into the pockets of the unzipped jeans perched precariously on his hips. The delicious, neat line of his pubic hair peeked out between the jaws of the zipper, and the base of his cock was just visible before disappearing into his jeans again. If he'd been a poster, I could have willingly stared for hours. I burned the image into my brain as best I could. I wasn't sure if or when I'd have the chance to see him—all of him—like this again. 

Under ordinary circumstances, I would have offered my hand and introduced myself. This moment was far from ordinary. I forced my eyes back to his face, which wasn't exactly a hardship. I'd heard his laughter through the wall so many times, I'd formed a mental image of his smile. That picture couldn't compare to the refreshingly imperfect row of slightly uneven teeth behind the lush lips. He had an impish grin, which he was flashing now as he watched me drink him in. 

I cleared my throat and shrugged, kind of a sorry-not-sorry, causing him to chuckle. 

"I'd say, 'Take a picture, lasts longer,' but, in this case, that might be a little awkward." 

"Right." The hot blush filled my cheeks. No matter I'd sent him numerous dick pics and jerking off videos. 

"Would you like to sit?" He gestured toward the couch, and I sat stiffly at one end. "Water?" 

"Thank you." 

He handed me a bottle. Folding one leg under his lap, he spilled onto the cushion beside me. I couldn't take my eyes off his happy trail and the muscular bulges on either side. 

"You wanna talk about it?" 

It took me a second to realize he was referring to my marriage, not his happy trail. "Thanks, but there's nothing to say. She's a good woman. She didn't deserve this." 

He stretched his arm along the back of the couch. "You're not a bad person." 

"I'm a cheater." He already knew this. He was the one who pointed it out. 

"Yes." He tipped his forehead toward me. "And you admitted it. To your wife. Most guys would convince themselves this doesn't count." 

"I only admitted it because I got caught in a lie." 

He chuffed. "You got caught because you wanted to get caught." 

"Is that right?" I wanted to hold onto the grain of good he saw in me, but even with that, I was still 99.9% dog shit. "And why did I wait until I'd already come here so many times?" 

His eyes twinkled as if he'd been hoping for the question, and he scooted closer. "Because you didn't want to risk your marriage until you were sure"—he curled his hand behind my neck and pulled me toward him—"you couldn't stop." 

My heart thundered as his mouth came closer. His gaze held my eyes just before he closed the gap between our lips. I whimpered into his open mouth as his tongue pressed softly against mine. His kiss was a surprise—patient, gentle, sensuous. 

He cupped my cheek and held me inside our kiss—not that I was trying to get away. My mouth moved with his, surrendering yet again to his demands. 

"Fuck, you're making me so hard." He crashed his lips into mine as arousal pulled us both into a frenzied kiss. He pulled away just as suddenly, pressing a hand against my chest and forcing our bodies apart. "I have plans for you." 

Gulp. My cock twitched with eager anticipation. 

He threw a leg across my thighs and climbed onto my lap, rolling his pelvis back and forth over my swollen cock. A needy moan escaped me. 

"Feel good?" 

"God, yesss," I answered. 

He cupped my chin and fixed his stare on me. "Why did you come here tonight?" 

"What?" I was already addled, and his sudden shift confused me further. "I don't know. I didn't really think..." 

"Think now," he demanded. "Why did you come here?" 

With Mr. C at close range like this, skimping on the truth was not an option. "I wanted—I needed—to be with you." 

He nodded to let me know I'd passed his test. He rocked again and leaned in for a scorching kiss. I hoped he was done with the questions. Rational thought required too much of an effort. 

"I've always respected your honesty," he said, "and I'm going to reward you by being honest right back." 

I prepared myself for the blow. He was about to dump me, maybe bar me from the club, or at least the VIP room. I swallowed the thick lump in my throat and waited. 

"I don't want you to get the wrong idea. I like you, and you are welcome to keep visiting me, but if you are harboring some romantic notion about us... that's just going to cause problems." 

Romantic notion? Was he joking? The guy personified the glory hole. He was the reigning King of Anonymous Sex. I'd have to be a fucking idiot to harbor any kind of emotions. Clearly, he didn't. 

"Don't worry. I wasn't expecting candlelight dinners or walks on the beach." 

Amusement lit his eyes. "What were you expecting?" 

"I don't know. Acceptance, maybe? Or at the very least, understanding?" What I had certainly never expected was for him to open his door and welcome me into his inner sanctum. 

"I can definitely go one better than that for you." He rocked in my lap, grinding mercilessly against my erection. "Seeing as you left your wife tonight, I think the least I can do is fuck you good and proper." 

"What? No!" My ass clenched at the memory of the plug plunging inside me. "I... I'm not looking for that." 

"No?" He cocked his head. "Come on. You're not just a wee bit curious?" 

I'd be lying if I said no. "Well, maybe, but..." 

He placed his hands on my shoulders and pulled away. "Is there anyone you trust more than me to pop your cherry?" 

"No." 

"Of course not," he answered. "I know exactly what you need. You're my dirty slut." 

Hoshit. We'd just turned a very filthy corner, and my body responded with a resounding FUCKYEAH. 

Perspiration broke out across my forehead and under my arms. Was this really happening right now? 
