 The first week was the hardest. The Residence Inn wasn't exactly home, but I had a Keurig and a microwave and, sadly, all my clothes fit into the closet. I wasn't ready for company, but I beat off in that hotel room... a lot. Without anyone looking over my shoulder, I gorged on a certain brand of gay porn. I forced myself awake watching edging videos into all hours of the night as self-flagellation for what I'd done to Mary, to our marriage, to my career, to my whole damn life.

When I closed my eyes, Mr. C starred in every fantasy. In my darker moments, I imagined him ordering me to my knees, making me watch while some other lucky VIP sucked him off, my cock weeping with unsatisfied arousal while he shot his load in another man's mouth. Sick pup that I was, I'd deprive myself of coming on those nights.

The opposite was almost worse. I knew better than to entertain romantic notions of our "relationship." Still, I couldn't help remembering Mr. C's tenderness to me that last time, believing I was worthy of his attention. I fantasized he would clear his schedule for me for a whole night. It was foolish and dangerous, but you tell a fantasy to quit. How's that working for ya?

I wore his ring around my cock. I didn't care that he fucked other guys, I told myself. Even if he was everyone else's, I was his.

He was all I knew of the other side. The VIP treatment and the Swiss cheese wall—all of it was him. I called on every ounce of discipline I possessed not to call him, not to beg to see him. He'd given me that opening, to text him whenever I "rubbed one out," and I took advantage of it. Every time.

He never answered.

Work went back to normal, more or less. The guys looked at me with pity in their eyes—poor fucker, his marriage fell apart—but they didn't know the details, and divorce certainly wasn't a foreign concept in our line of work. I plowed on, more focused now without the added burden of keeping secrets from my wife. Oddly, it might have been my most productive time.

Week two—I joined a muscle gym. Figured it wouldn't be 100% given I was ogling guys. Wasn't counting on being set up with a trainer, a brick house named Heath. Three sessions mandatory for every new member or I would've blown him off after the first ten minutes. I wasn't sure my dick could handle three hours of one-on-one with the guy. He was a walking wet dream—firm all over but not steroidal, short brown hair and a close-trimmed beard, ridiculous blue eyes, and a dimple that reached China if you looked hard enough. Lucky for me, he was gentle. Gentle didn't do it for me. He did, however, whip my ass into shape, something that really helped me work off some steam.

Week three—I stopped fighting it. I wasn't going to some gay bar. I knew who I wanted, but I needed to hold out a bit longer. Earn the man's respect. Get my life together.

I Googled gay dating apps and set up accounts on three different sites. I even chatted with a few men. They were interested if not desperate. They wanted to meet, of course. Wasn't that the whole point? Yeah, I shut that down.

It was only a matter of time before I went crawling back to him. I lasted 27 days. Yeah, I counted. I hated myself. I hated Marvin more.

"Where ya been, loverboy?"

I slapped the hundred into his palm. "Don't wanna talk about it."

He stuffed the bill into his pocket. "He didn't say he was expecting you tonight."

"He's not."

He looked me over good. "You been working out?"

Despite myself, my face heated at his compliment. I shrugged.

Marvin's mouth opened into a wide grin. "Gimme a minute."

Marvin paced away, yapping into the mouthpiece with his back to me. He turned suddenly to look me over again, nod, and grin some more. I figured this was probably good news.

"He wants you to jerk off three guys downstairs and make sure you're wearing it when you go up."

Wow, harsh. I stopped just short of telling Marvin to fuck off. And of course I went inside.

The three pops in the Swiss Cheese room were a blur. Efficient, quick, meaningless. My cock was a steel rod, but only because he knew where we were headed. Upstairs.

Did I give a shit I was painted in cum? I can't say I did.

I climbed the stairs and knocked on door five. As much as I wanted to be on Mr. C's side of the glory hole, I didn't want to presume he would have me in the inner sanctum again.

"Is that you, Harry?"

Fuck, his voice made me giddy.

"Yes."

"Down on your knees outside my door. Let me have a good look at you."

I practically danced my way to the floor outside his room. He pulled open the door. Fuck me every which way. He was more beautiful than I remembered. Standing there in a pair of black boxer-briefs, munching on an apple.

"Man, you're a mess." He chuckled. "What'd you do? Find the three biggest dicks downstairs to unload on you?"

"Not on purpose," I answered honestly.

Mr. C laughed again. "I forgot how funny you are."

Let me in and I will make you laugh all night.

He took another bite of his apple, leaned against the doorjamb. "Would you like to come in?" he asked.

Fuck, yeah.

I looked up hopefully. "Yes, please?"

"Right! Mr. Manners. Tell you what. Leave your dirty clothes in the hall, and you can come in—on your hands and knees." He walked back inside like he didn't much care what I decided either way. I was an amusement, not a necessity.

He didn't think of me every time he breathed. Hey, that was the deal we'd made long ago. I'd take what he'd give me.

I yanked my T-shirt over my head in one quick motion, forgetting about the gobs of spunk until they ended up in my mouth. I folded my clothes in a neat pile outside the door, then crawled inside on all fours. My dick swung hard and heavy between my legs. If he touched me, I'd come.

He didn't.

I crawled to the couch, where he was sitting, finishing off his apple, relaxed as could be, watching me.

"Let me look at you, Harry. Kneel up at my feet."

I moved between his legs, sat up on my knees, waited.

He tossed the apple core into the trash can, licked his fingers, and leaned forward. "You're still wearing my cock ring." He seemed pleased but maybe he was just amused at my loyalty.

"Yes." Of course I was.

"Clasp your hands behind your back and sit up taller."

I did that. My cock pointed straight forward. I prayed he would touch me.

He didn't.

His eyes rode down my body. "Have you been working out?"

"Yes."

"Nice."

"Thank you."

"You've been beating off quite a bit lately."

He was scrambling my mind. Was I supposed to apologize? I went for a simple, "Yes."

He regarded my weeping cock, clasped his hands between his knees, so close I could feel the breeze.

"Looks like you could use a good pop right now."

Oh hell yes. "I definitely could."

"Okay." He nodded slowly, like he was working something out in his head. "Let's see how it goes."

As if I had a choice in the matter. "Okay."

Mr. C chuckled. "You know, you have a real can-do attitude, Harry. I've always liked that about you."

"Thank you."

The door to room five opened and shut. Mr. C smiled. "Speaking of things you can do... on the other side of that wall is a very special visitor. I'd like you to give him the star treatment for me tonight. Can you do that for me, Harry?"

I'd already done my duty downstairs. I wanted what was under Mr. C's boxers, not what was behind door number five. Maybe his plan for that "good pop" included getting my mouth around Mr. C's cock. Swoon. Meanwhile, I'd do my best to service whatever came through the glory hole—for Mr. C.

"Of course. Whatever you like."

He stood and riffled his fingers through my hair. It was oddly comforting and arousing at the same time. "Excellent. Let's get your mouth in front of that glory hole, shall we?"

I pivoted toward the wall and tried not to show my disappointment, but it wasn't easy to hide my repulsion when the ugliest cock I'd ever seen in person or in porn poked through the wall. I could see why Mr. C delegated.

Mr. C grabbed a fistful of my hair and coaxed me into place. He leaned down and tickled my ear with his lips.

"Suck that cock. Make me believe you want it."

Fuck.

His challenged kicked me into high gear. I took that cock into my mouth as if it were the filet mignon of cocks. I pretended it was his. Every lick of his balls, every teasing swipe around the tip, every swallow to the base of his cock. For him.

Mr. C tightened his grip on my hair, forcing me forward, holding me against the wall while his client pushed deep inside my throat. He mumbled filthy things in my ear—"Lick those balls. Take it all. Suck it, you dirty whore!"—teased my nipples, kept me hard and wanting.

His VIP moaned. He was close. Mr. C took pistoned my face along the cock. I was nothing more than his tool.

"Fuck him with that slutty mouth!"

The VIP slammed into me, his groans more frantic. "Oh, yeah! Fuuuck!"

The first spray of hot cum hit the back of my throat.

"Good boy, Harry. Swallow it down." My head was locked in place. I swallowed the bitter loads until they stopped.

The cock retreated. I caught my breath. Mr. C released my head and patted me on the back.

A rolled up bill appeared in the glory hole.

"Go ahead," said Mr. C, with a wink. "You earned it."

I pulled the money through the hole and unrolled the bill. It was my hundred.

A shiver raced down my spine. Fuck me.

Marvin's eye appeared in the glory hole. "He was right about you, loverboy. You do good work."

His laugh turned my blood cold. I wanted to tell him to fuck himself but what was the point? I'd sucked his cock, and I'd do it again if Mr. C asked it of me.

Besides, Mr. C was distracting me with his hand wrapped around my dick. "Sorry about that, Harry," he said, looking not sorry at all. "Marvin and I made a deal. If you came back, he would have his turn with you."

It was hard to be mad at the guy when he was stroking me to oblivion. God, I was so hard and so damn horny for him. Thinking was out of the question. I dropped my gaze to my cock instead and watched his hand work me. Flick, twist, stroke. Fuck.

"Do you want to come for me, Harry?"

"Fuck, yeah."

Mr. C chuckled, stroked, chuckled, stroked.

"Feel good?"

My eyelids drooped shut. I rocked my hips into his hand. "Yes."

"More?"

"Yes, please."

He laughed. Why did I fucking love it when he laughed at me? "I want you to blow your load for me, Harry." Stroke, stroke. Twist, stroke.

Fuck, yeah.

"Are you getting close?"

"Yes..."

He didn't let up. Stroke, stroke, stroke. "Are you ready to come?"

"Yes!"

"Stick it in the hole." He let go, left me quivering at the loss.

My eyes popped open. He was hands-on-hips, not-gonna-budge serious. Fuck me.

I knew better than to beg. Mr. C had made up his mind. It was Marvin or nothing.

This was so fucked up.

I was not going to walk out of this room without getting my rocks off, and there was only one route to relief.

Mr. C must have sensed my hesitation. He leaned in, spoke loud enough to be heard in the next room. "I hear he's not half bad, not that I'd stick my dick in that mouth."

I glanced at the hole in the wall. Fucking Marvin on the other side. Not how I expected the night to go, but when had any of my visits to the VIP room been predictable?

I sighed—a bit too loud, maybe—and Mr. C grinned. "If it makes you feel any better, I'll be right here, watching."

That made me feel a shit ton better, and I'm sure my idiotic nodding gave me away.

He tipped his chin to the hole of doom, and I shuffled over and tried not to think about what was on the other side. Marvin had other ideas.

"Let's see what you got, loverboy."

I took a breath and stuck my dick in the hole.

"Not too shabby." He left me flapping in the breeze while he looked me over and gave me the running commentary. "Nice clean balls, keeping up with the maintenance, I see." He cracked himself up.

If he kept this up, I'd be soft in no time.

I rolled my eyes to the ceiling. Mr. C stepped next to me at the wall, took my chin in his fist, and kissed me hard. A mouth closed around my cock, warm and wet, and that was enough. Mr. C's tongue pressed deep inside my mouth, emptying my brain of any other thoughts. Just his lips, his tongue... and the sensations below. I pretended it was his mouth on me. Moving back and forth. Licking my balls. Fucking me with his mouth.

I thrust my hips against the wall, looking to get deeper, harder. A hand joined the mouth on the other side, wrapped around my aching cock, and pumped. Mr. C swallowed my groan, laughed, tongued me deeper. The hand on the other side worked my dick until I didn't care whose mouth I was about to shoot my wad inside.

The mouth popped off my dick and the hand took over. I was so fucking close, my head was spinning.

"I wanna see you come, you motherfucker."

That ugly fucker tipped me over the edge and continued yelling filthy shit at me while I blew my load all over room five. Mr. C pulled back so I could catch my breath. I was spent and empty inside.

I didn't mind the humiliation if it meant I could be with Mr. C at the end—he was worth whatever he put me through. I'd come here to be with Mr. C, and he'd thrown three random Swiss cheesers and the asshole bouncer at me instead. Did I have any pride at all?

I pulled back from the wall and wiped off with the towel Mr. C threw at me.

"Had enough?" he asked me.

"Yeah." I folded the towel and set it on the couch. He watched me walk to the door.

"Oh, too bad."

I spun around. "Why?"

His hand plunged inside the front of his boxers. "Just thought you might be ready for this."

I wanted to call him an asshole. I wanted to keep walking. I wanted to not want him so bad that I got down on my knees and crawled back to him. But damn, I was addicted, and we both knew it.

He ran his hands through my hair and pulled my face to his crotch. "Ah, Harry. I've missed you."

*

Well, that wasn't very nice! What's next for these two? Inspire me...