 Nine months had passed since Roger had left for Toyko with his wife and kids. Tariq longed for Roger. Nancy was okay but he wanted a hot dick in his ass, especially Roger's.

Tariq had settled into his 'pre-down-low' days. He worked until six then picked his wife up at six-thirty. They talked about her day as they drove to pick up her 17 year old son, James from some sort of sports practice. 

Tariq and Nancy got married when James was three. James' father was in and out of jail. James was a nice kid but was lonely. Nancy kept him busy with sports and music to keep him out of trouble. 

Fall meant football and James was the school's star wide receiver. Fridays were game day. Nancy went to all of James' home games to cheer her son on proudly. Tariq would normally arrive at the last quarter. 

Tariq found Nancy near the sidelines cheering loudly. "What's the score?" Tariq asked as he sat down.

"It's tied!", Nancy replied anxiously. "We have the ball on their 15!"

The ball was snapped and the bleachers went silent. The quarterback threw the ball. It was too high. The crowd gasped but James corrected his body and caught the ball in midair then easily made the first down. The crowd cheered as the teams quickly made their way to the 50th yard line. 

"Thirteen seconds left!" Nancy squealed. 

The ball was snapped again. This time the quarterback handed the ball to James. James twisted and turned his body to escape three tackles. The whole stadium was on their feet. Even Tariq cheered as James ran in for the touch down. 

James modestly tossed the ball to the ref as special teams ran to the field. Nancy ran to the sideline to congratulate her son. Tariq followed. 

A whistle blew and the two refs behind the goal post threw their hands in the air. The kick was good. James and the kicker were carried off the field by their team mates.

"This might take a while!" Tariq yelled to Nancy over the screaming crowd.

Nancy cheered too loudly to reply or notice that Tariq had slipped away. Tariq pushed through the crowds and finally arrived at his BMW. He leaned against his car and lit a cigarette. He closed his eyes as his lungs filled with the addictive smoke; a habit since his return to normalcy. 

"You can't smoke out here sir!" a voice called out. 

Tariq turned around angrily then smiled. In front of him was a tall, dark-skinned, yoked brother with a bald head. His tight, cheap polyester pants and white shirt betrayed his ripped arms and legs.

"I'm sorry sir but you can't smoke out here!" he repeated. This time Tariq noticed his Caribbean accent. 

Tariq stamped his cigarette on the ground. "But I'm in the parking lot! I'm out in the open!" Tariq protested.

"I know sir. It's a stupid policy but this is a totally smoke-free facility. It's my job", he smiled.

Tariq noticed his white teeth and smiled back. The guard continued smiling as he slid between Tariq and the other parked car. Tariq felt the bulge on his thigh and smelled his sharp cologne. 

"What's your name?" Tariq asked

"Mustafa!" he replied still smiling. 

Tariq almost melted. Mustafa looked around as he stood in front of Tariq's car. He ran his large hand over his crotch. "I know a place where you can suck on a cig!" Mustafa grinned.

"Oh yeah?" Tariq choked. He shook his head no remembering Nancy and James. "No! I can't! Not now! Not tonight! Sorry!" 

"That's okay! Don't be sorry, be on time! Tomorrow. I get off at three!" Mustafa smiled then walked towards the crowd.

Tariq watched as Mustafa's tight ass disappeared. "Holy night!" Tariq sighed as he got into his car. His dick was straining against his khakis. He was startled when his cell rang; it was Nancy. 

"Where are you?" she asked. 

"I'm in the car" Tariq stuttered.

"Are you okay?" 

"Yes! Yes! I'm fine! Just meet me in front on the street" Tariq replied.

"Okay but we're stopping for dinner tonight to celebrate!" Nancy yelled over the cheering crowd. 

Tariq sighed and closed his phone. "Greeeatt!" he whispered sarcasically.

*****

Saturday morning was cool and crisp. Tariq thoroughly showered and dressed in a pair of blue jeans and a sweater. Nancy and James were already up. Tariq went into the laundry room and packed a set of sweats and his sneakers into his gym bag. Nancy entered. 

"Going to the gym after work?" she asked

"Uh, yeah. I hadn't been in a couple of weeks so I thought I'd do a couple of hours after work. You don't mind do you?" 

"Oh, no!" Nancy laughed. "Keep those abs up for me!" Nancy patted his stomach then kissed his cheek. "What time will you be home?" she asked

Tariq rubbed his chin. "I don't know. Old man Best is running us ragged over this new client" 

"Well take your time. I have to take James for new shoes then I'm going to the movies with the girls. I'll bring something back for dinner" Nancy said then she patted Tariq's chest. She called out for James as she left the room.

Tariq threw a towel and wash cloth in his bag then left. He stopped at the ATM for some cash then at a drug store for ass lube. Tariq was so nervous his hands shook as he handed the cashier money. She smiled politely and handed him his change.

The day passed by slowly. Tariq kept looking at the clock and getting lost in his thoughts about Mustafa. Surprisingly, Mr. Best announced that they could leave early. It was only one thirty. Tariq grabbed his bag then locked himself in a bathroom stall. He changed his clothes then quickly made his way to his car. 

"Hey Tariq! Going to the gym?" 

Tariq turned around; it was Jeff Bird. Tariq sighed, "Yes, downtown to the Sports Club!" 

"Great! I can leave my car here and hitch a ride with you!" Jeff beamed. 

"I don't know Jeff. I hadn't planned on coming back and I wasn't staying long" Tariq frowned. 

"That's okay buddy! I can jog back here! Come on dude!" Jeff got in the passenger's seat as Tariq put their bags in the trunk. 

Parking was crazy but they found a spot across the street. They signed in at the front desk then entered the cardio-room. The gym was almost empty save a few die-hards. 

"Let's hit the bikes!" Jeff said enthusiastically.

Before Tariq could decline, Jeff was on one bike adn patting the seat of another. "These two are the best!" Jeff yelled out.

Tariq sank internally. He was trying not to get sweaty before his encounter but he needed an alibi; something learned from a past indiscretion. He looked at his watch; it was almost two. Tariq climbed on the bike and slowly pedaled. 

"Come on guy!" Jeff panted. "I know you can go faster than that! Don't let the old white guy beat your ass!" 

Tariq pedaled faster. Soon sweat was beading on his face and torso. He looked over at Jeff, who was red-faced and wet. Jeff nodded and sweat flew from his face. After 45 minutes, Jeff looked rode hard and put away wet. 

"Whew!" Jeff exclaimed as they got off their bikes. "That was almost as good as a blow job!" 

Tariq frowned as he caught a glimpse at the small bump that had formed in Jeff's sweat pants. 

"What say you and me do a few laps in the pool downstairs?" Jeff asked

"No thanks. I better get going" Tariq smiled. 

Jeff thanked Tariq for the ride. Tariq grabbed his bag and raced to his car. It was 10 minutes to three. He sped to the school and arrived 5 minutes late. 

Tariq entered the parking lot. It was empty except for one red car. He drove over and parked next to it. The window came down slowly. "I thought you weren't going to show!" Mustafa smiled.

"I got a little caught up but I'm here now!" Tariq smiled back. He looked around and frowned. "You want to do it here?" 

Mustafa threw his bald head back as he laughed. "No! No! No! Follow me to my place!" Mustafa rolled up the window and drove off. 

Tariq followed Mustafa through the city then finally to a small house in the suburbs. Mustafa parked in the driveway then jumped out. "Park behind me!" he instructed. 

Tariq pulled his car in behind Mustafa's. He grabbed his bag and jumped out and said, "I can park on the street" 

"Nah! These kids will damage your shit! Come on inside!" 

Mustafa opened the door and threw his keys on a table in the hall. "Welcome to my humble abode!" he joked. "Take a load off!" he pointed to the sofa in the living room. 

Tariq sat on the couch. Mustafa went into the kitchen. Tariq looked around at the pictures of Mustafa and a young, white woman. "Must be his wife" he surmised. 

Mustafa returned with a tray of drinks and glasses. "Bourbon, gin and vodka. Ice and soda. I have beer in the fridge if you prefer that" 

"No this fine!" Tariq poured a gin and tonic.

"I have lunch meat too if you want a sandwich" Mustafa added. 

Tariq shook his head no and sipped his drink. Mustafa poured a neat bourbon then sat in a chair across from Tariq. The silence was deafening. Tariq was wondering if he was wasting his time. 

Tariq looked at his watch and smiled. Back in the day he would be on his way home by now he thought to himself. Mustafa took another gulp then placed the empty glass on the tray. He leaned back in his chair and adjusted his groin. 

Tariq finished his drink then stood up. "Look, I don't know what you want me here for but I'm here to fuck okay? So either we get busy or I'll just go home and jerk off!" 

Mustafa stared at Tariq. For a second, Tariq thought he was trouble. Mustafa cracked his neck and his knuckles. 

"Show me what you're working with" Mustafa sneered. 

Tariq took a deep breath then removed his sweat shirt. He carefully removed his sweat pants while kicking off his sneakers. Tariq stood in his underwear and T-shirt. 

"I can't see anything!" Mustafa snapped. "You're the one in a rush!" 

Tariq removed the rest of his clothes. He felt vulnerable standing naked in a stranger's living room. Mustafa smiled at his olive-skinned friend. 

Mustafa walked over and wrapped his massive arms around Tariq's waist. They kissed and swayed to unheard music. Tariq's dick became erect from rubbing against the rough fabric of Mustafa's pants. Mustafa kissed the back of Tariq's neck while kneading his muscled ass. 

"You want to undress me?" Mustafa whispered

"Of course!" 

Mustafa led Tariq upstairs to the bedroom. They sat on the side of the bed and kissed. Tariq stood in front of Mustafa. Mustafa cupped Tariq's hairless balls and worked his shaft. Tariq threw his head back and moaned. It felt good to have someone else work on his shaft again he thought to himself.

Mustafa moved closer and licked the tip of its pre-cum. Tariq moved side-to-side as his tip rubbed against Mustafa's pearly whites. 

Tariq opened his eyes and pushed Mustafa back onto the bed. He removed Mustafa's belt and threw it to the floor. He straddled Mustafa then bent down for a long kiss. Tariq balanced himself as he unbuttoned Mustafa's shirt. 

Tariq was shocked to see Mustafa's hairy chest; he assumed it was smooth. He found a nipple and playfully bit it while Mustafa fondled the other one. Tariq stood up and removed his heavy boots. The smell was unusual but inviting. Tariq removed his socks and massaged his large feet. 

Tariq then opened Mustafa's zipper. Mustafa propped himself up on his elbows and smiled. "It's ready for you!" he cooed. 

Tariq reached in and stopped. His eyes widened as he pulled out twelve inches of solid black cock. Tariq looked up at a proud Mustafa. Mustafa lifted his hips and Tariq completely removed his boxers and pants. 

Mustafa lay back on the bed as Tariq wrestled with his one-eyed monster. Tariq put the thick tip in his mouth as he twisted both hands around the thick shaft. He worked his mouth up and down the shaft then to the large ball sack. Tariq felt intoxicated from the musky smell of the pre-cum. 

Mustafa opened his legs wider and Tariq licked the nappy hairs that led to Mustafa's ass hole. Mustafa moved his hips up and down while moaning loudly. 

"Put the whole thing in your mouth!" Mustafa moaned. 

Tariq looked up, "I don't think I can!" 

"It can be done!" Mustafa assured. 

Tariq sighed and looked at the task at hand. He gathered saliva in his mouth then began to swallow. He felt his mouth stretching and his heart pounding. He stopped every few inches to catch his breath. 

Mustafa looked down and groaned at the sight of his member disappearing. He wanted to pumped his hips but decided to let Tariq take his time. Finally after 10 minutes, Tariq was breathing in Mustafa's nappy pubes.

"You're incredible!" Mustafa clapped. 

Tariq bobbed his head up and down in agreement. The feeling of Mustafa's dick in his throat made his own dick stand at attention. Slowly, he slid the huge member out of his mouth leaving a trail of saliva on the shaft. 

Tariq sat on the side of the bed breathing heavily. "I never had anything that big in my mouth before!" he panted

Mustafa sat up and hugged him. "You did good mon!" he whispered

Mustafa lay back and began to massage his shaft. Tariq moved his hands and took Mustafa into his mouth again. This time Mustafa went in faster and smoother. Tariq bobbed his head up and down while playing with Mustafa's big nuts. Mustafa gently ran his fingers through Tariq's fine hair. 

After several minutes, Mustafa's breathing quickened and his nut sack hardened even more. Tariq bobbed faster until Mustafa yelped. His spunk slid right down Tariq's throat. Watching a man take it all in stride made Mustafa shoot off more. His hips twitched and his back arched. Cum dripped fron the sides of Tariq's mouth. 

Tariq slowly slid his tongue off the black snake but stopped at the piss slit. Mustafa shot off again. This time Tariq let the spunk flow down the shaft unto Mustafa's pubes. Mustafa lifted his legs and held his dick as Tariq licked between his ass and under his nuts. Spunk still dripped from his tip. 

"I never cummmed like that before" Mustafa laughed as he held the base of his dripping snake. 

"Then thank me!" Tariq whispered. 

Mustafa looked down at Tariq and smiled. "Are you sure?" he smiled. 

"Well, it fit in my mouth didn't it?" Tariq smiled back with a raised eyebrow. 

Mustafa lowered his legs. Tariq stood above Mustafa. Mustafa was still semi-erect and very wet. He propped up his dick as Tariq lowered his trembling ass. 

Tariq let his ass get use to the tip by hovering over it and teasing it against his opening. Mustafa's dick stiffened more. Tariq closed his eyes and lowered his ass again. Three inches stretched his ass. Tariq bit his lip as he tried to balance himself.  

"I got you!" Mustafa whispered as he used his other hand to grip Tariq's dick. "Nice and slow! We got all night!" 

Tariq smiled and lowered himself again. He slid his ass up and down Mustafa's third leg as Mustafa jerked him off with one hand. Tariq was in his own world as he moved up and down. 

Suddenly, Tariq lost his balance. He screamed as the rest of the huge dick ripped into his ass. Mustafa's eyes widened when he realized his dick was up to the hilt in ass. This was the first time Mustafa ever had entered his prey and he loved it!Tariq cried out again as his sphincter tighted and the monster grew in his ass. 

"Fuck it!" Mustafa yelled out. 

After several excruciating seconds, Tariq relaxed his ass muscles and began to enjoy the foreign object invading his ass. He began to move his hips and rock back and forth. 

Tariq felt so good he was in tears. Sweat and sex filled the air as they fucked. Mustafa was in a sitting postion with Tariq impaled on his cock. Tariq had his long caramel legs wrapped around Mustafa's torso. His head was back as his dick rubbed against their bellies. He held on for dear life as Mustafa bucked up and down. 

"I'm going to cum!" Tariq exclaimed after several minutes. 

"I'm right with you mon!" Mustafa yelled back.

They both tensed up. Tariq clamped down as his load spewed up on Mustafa's chest. Mustafa shot off again. Spunk flowed from Tariq's ass to Mustafa's lap. 

Legs weakened, meat beatened, Tariq released Mustafa and collapsed on the bed beside him. They heaved and panted as the sun went down. They lay in each others arms until the room was tinted gray. 

"Can stay tonight? The missus is out of town" Mustafa asked with his eyes closed. 

Tariq couldn't respond; his ass was throbbing. The silence was interrupted by a beeping noise. "That's my phone. It's in my bag. Someone left a message" Tariq said with his eyes closed. 

Mustafa wrapped a towel around his sticky torso and retrieved Tariq's bag. Tariq was in the same position on the bed when he returned. Mustafa placed the bag besides Tariq then went into the bathroom. 

The beeping was disturbing his after-glow. Tariq sat up and took out his phone. He called his voice mail. It was Nancy. 

"Hey baby! It's me! Tom and Dana broke up and Dana is upset. So the girls and I are going to stay to comfort her. James is going to stay at Mitchell's so you'll have the house to yourself. See ya tomorrow at around noon!" the message said.

Tariq smiled and got under the covers. Mustafa returned and sat next Tariq. "I guess you have to go home soon?" Mustafa asked.

Tariq looked up at Mustafa. "No, I can stay all night mon!" he smiled.

Mustafa clapped his hands. "Good! That's excellent! Are you hungry?" he asked.

"Of course!" Tariq smiled then filled his mouth with his new friend. It was worth the wait.