 In an earlier story, Mom's Boyfriend, I detailed how I got into a relationship with Joe, a man that my mother was dating back when I was 19. Joe was a man's man, but while he had a thing for the ladies, he also had a thing for young men.

My mother happened to walk in on us just as Joe was putting that "thing" into me in bed. She went ballistic, and was even going to have the guy arrested for rape, because her son would never want what that evil man was doing to me.

The fact was that Joe wasn't evil and I certainly did like what she saw him doing to me. Joe liked it too, because my petite mother wouldn't give up her ass to him, as he had explained to me earlier.

Eventually Mom calmed down, but insisted that I go to the doctor and get checked out, because there was no way that her well hung boyfriend couldn't have done extensive damage to my "Bottom parts", as Mom described it.

Additionally, after seeing me naked that night for the first time since I was a kid, Mom was a bit disturbed at what she saw. Being a bit of a Mama's boy since Dad had gone out of the picture, I went along with it, even though I loathed the idea of getting an exam.

***

If there was something that could possibly be worse than me standing in the dreary examination room of Dr. Assad on a Thursday afternoon in the summer of 1973, it had to be having my mother standing there watching.

Not only watching, but going on and on about me, explaining what had occurred to prompt this physical exam I was about to have to endure. This was something I had been able to avoid for the most part in my teen years.

I did have to put up with the "physical" we got in school, where a doctor and nurse would treat us guys like an assembly line, checking our heartbeat, looking down our throats and then making us drop our underwear and cough while he grabbed our nuts.

That was the worst, standing there with my shortcomings exposed to a couple of strangers. My twig and berries may not have been the most pathetic they might see during the course of the day, but I had to be in the bottom 10.

Since high school, I had managed to lose the baby fat and had actually ended up with a decent body thanks to working out. The stuff that no amount of exercise could help? I was finding out that most guys not only didn't seem to care, but many took great pleasure in my boyish look. Like Joe.

"Nineteen?" Dr. Assad repeated, and I nodded.

"He's really done a lot of exercising," my mother tossed in, babbling as usual. "He lost 35 pounds last year."

"Ma?" I whined, wanting her to shut up and stop looking at me.

Mom had seen all of me that there was to be seen that night when she barged in and saw her then-boyfriend slamming his cock in and out of my ass, and that was another of the reasons I was being subjected to this exam.

Not only was my mother fearful that my "bottom parts" had been shredded by her gentleman friend's gigantic organ, she was also concerned when she saw my private parts, fearing that there might be something wrong since in her mind I didn't look like a 19 year old guy should look.

"Maybe he'll have you take vitamins or something," Mom had suggested, which even to my ears sounded stupid.

Dr. Assad was a guy who was probably in his late 40's or so, about my height, slender, with a deep voice. He was probably from somewhere in the middle east, but I didn't know or care. I just wanted it to be over.

He kept nodding as my mother babbled, giving me a look that hinted that he understood how I must feel as he checked my ears and throat, and as the cold stethoscope hit my chest I'm sure my heart was racing.

"Not like most men," my mother was explaining while I tried to sink into the floor. "He hasn't got hair on his body."

I had body hair alright, just not very much of it. So little that I had taken to shaving the dusting on the inside of my calves, the faint wisps under my arms, and for a while even removed the tuft above my dick. 

Since I lifted weights, I could explain that it was for weightlifting or bodybuilding competitions, even though my body wasn't at that level of development. Anything was better than having no excuse for my relative smoothness, which was something I loathed about myself, because I wanted to be a hairy guy. It was sexy to me.

Dr. Assad kept nodding and I kept cringing as he had me lift my arms. For a second I feared he was going to count the tiny hairs that had grown since I shaved last a couple of months ago, and it wouldn't have taken that long either.

We were behind this green portable screen, and Dr. Assad was asking me to take down my underwear. I did so, even though to my chagrin my mother was peeking behind the barrier.

"See, Dr. Assad!" my mother exclaimed as I stood there trembling. "Isn't there something you can do about that down there?"

"Ma?" I almost cried, and I whispered something to the doctor as he prepared to examine me "down there".

"Mrs. Wells," Dr. Assad said, coming around the screen and herding my mother like a border collie, gently but firmly ushering her out to the waiting room. "Why don't you go out and give my receptionist the insurance information so your son doesn't feel so uncomfortable?"

I wanted to kiss him, and suddenly this wasn't the most horrendous experience of my life. It was close though, because now my hero was coming back to me to probably do the cough thing.

"Better now?" Dr. Assad asked in his soothing deep voice, and I thanked him for saving my sanity.

"Mothers are like that," he assured me. "Now according to my records you haven't had a physical since you were 15."

"Here," I said. "We get them at school."

He nodded, and I suspected that if he had a memory I probably looked exactly the same. He asked me to cough, and when his brown hand cupped my nuts I was happy to feel that his hand was warm.

My balls, which were trying along with my dick, to crawl up into my intestines, were shivering in their tiny wrinkled pouch as Dr. Assad had me cough several times. Although this made me nervous for fear that there was something wrong with me, the warmth of his hand got my nuts to loosen up, so at least he eventually had something to hold onto. 

The humiliation returned when he took a ruler and put it under my dick. Seeing my toadstool resting on that silver ruler, with his brown fingers holding both it and me, was the worst. He wrote something down on the chart. The number 2, and he might have been generous at that.

"Are you able to achieve an erection?" Dr. Assad asked in his only slightly stilted English.

"Yes," I said, and was tempted to tell me that that was the one thing I was able to do quite well, and in fact I was always amazing people with my abilities in that regard.

"I know this is awkward, but can you..."

Awkward? I was naked, and my mother was probably telling the receptionist about my little dick and everything else, and he wanted me to get a hard on?

"I'll try," I said as I started to pull on my dick. "It's about 5", if that's what you need to know. It gets lots bigger than this. I'm kinda nervous."

"I understand," Dr. Assad said, and while he didn't leave me alone, he didn't stare, although he did look over to check my progress.

Joe. Remember Joe, and what he looked like naked. That big cock and that hairy chest. How I used to love being in one of his bear hugs.

Dr. Assad might have a hairy chest, I thought as I looked over at him. His arms were sure hairy, from what I could see of them. The hair was deep black and thick, standing out even against his cocoa colored skin. Too bad he's wearing a tie, or else I could see his chest.

Dr. Assad is about my height. Maybe he's got a little one too, I wondered. All of these things combined to finally let me get hard, and as I announced it, standing there proudly with my boner waving in the air, the flash of a camera went off.

"For your records," Dr. Assad said, pulling out the Polaroid and setting the camera down. "Yes. Very good Tim."

Dr. Assad came over and put the ruler under my dick again, and when I looked down I saw that instead of the tip of my erection peeking over the 5" mark like it had when I measured, I was barely over the 4" line. There was no time for a second measurement though.

"Are you able to ejaculate?" Dr. Assad was asking, handing me a little plastic cup.

"Here?" I asked, wanting to take this test at home, and he nodded.

"Please," he said, exposing the picture and setting it on the chart.

Not bad, I said to myself as I looked at the picture of me with my dick sticking out in front of me. My face wasn't visible, and I didn't look as small from the side as I did looking down.

Determined, I started jerking off, and as I did I saw Dr. Assad watching intently. I wanted to fill that little cup, and as I came I groaned while shooting my load into the vessel. After my ejaculations stopped, I handed the doctor the cup.

"Very good Tim," he said, nodding at what I had produced as he put it on the table, saying that the would do tests on it later. "Now your mother claims that you were sexually assaulted."

"Doctor, is stuff I tell you just between us?" I asked, and when he assured me it was, I explained, not wanting poor Joe to get arrested or anything.

"The guy and me - we were - you know," I mumbled. "He didn't assault me. I wanted it to happen."

"And what happened? What did this man do to you?"

"All kinds of stuff, but when my mother saw us, Joe was - he had his - we were having anal sex," I finally managed to get out.

"Is this something you have done before? With this man?"

"Yes."

"With other men?"

"A couple," I said, although the number was greater than that.

"I take it then, that you are a homosexual?"

"Maybe," I said. "I like girls too, but... maybe I am."

"You mother was concerned that because she claimed that the man you were with was well endowed, you might have gotten injured in some way," Dr. Assad said. "You seem fine, but let's have a look."

Compared to what had happened before, being on all fours on an examining table was a picnic. I couldn't see what the doctor was doing, but I was familiar with the greased finger that was sliding into my puckered ring.

"Does this hurt?" Dr. Assad asked, and I said no.

I wanted to say that what I was feeling was far from pain, and was really tuning me on despite the circumstances. He either had deceptively long fingers or was probing me with something. It felt like something was prying open my anus, and then something larger was going into me.

"Does this hurt?" Dr. Assad kept asking, and I kept saying no until I couldn't speak any more.

I was gripping the end of the table with all my might when my cock, which had been erect almost from the start, began erupting all over the vinyl table.

Up until then, I was hoping that my erection wasn't visible to the doctor, but when I started cumming, if he didn't know, he did then. At that point I noticed that he had been standing alongside the table when I came.

"That happens," Dr. Assad said as I knelt there on all fours with my cum splattered all over below me.

The doctor cleaned up the mess, and after he did he gathered up the specimens and whatever else he got from me and told me I could get dressed.

"I'll have the lab do some tests, Mrs. Wells," Dr. Assad was saying after we went out to rescue his receptionist from my mother. "However, I see no cause for concern. Tim seems to very a very healthy young man."

"But what about the other?" Mom asked. "His..."

"We are all different even though we are the same," Dr. Assad said, his brown fingers on my mother's pale arm a stark contrast and proving his point in his own way. "Different shapes and sizes, but we'll run the tests, and I'll get back to you with the results."

"Should have gone to an American doctor instead of some quack from India or wherever," my mother fumed on the way home. "Your father always went to him and so that's why I took you there."

"He's a doctor," I reminded her. "Seemed like a good guy too."

"We should get a second opinion."

"No," I said, for once not caving in to her just to avoid a fight. "You got what you wanted. That was the exam right there. He said I'm fine. End of story."

As far as I was concerned, that was it, and as doctor's exams go, that wasn't bad. I got embarrassed and humiliated, but also got to cum twice. Not bad, and as long as the tests came back okay, that was the end.

***

"No Tim," Dr. Assad said when I told him that my mother had gone to work and wouldn't be back until after 9 that night. "I don't need to speak to her. As a matter-of-fact, I was hoping to avoid that."

"I don't blame you there," I said, and his laugh came through, seeming to understand me very well. "Is it about the test?"

"Yes, Tim," Dr. Assad said. "Nothing at all to be concerned about though."

"That's good," I sighed with relief. "Should we make another appointment?"

"Actually, we don't have to bother your mother at all," Dr. Assad said.

"Great."

"If you would like, you can come over now," Dr. Assad suggested. "That is, if you aren't busy?"

"Sure thing," I said. "I'll be there in about a half hour."

I took a quick shower, just in case the doctor would be putting anything up my butt again.

"Wouldn't be all that bad," I mumbled to myself while cleaning my back door thoroughly, and even my own touch sent shivers down my spine.

Was every guy's ass like mine, I wondered? Ever since that kindly old gentleman Walter had taken me so sweetly in that motel room last year, I couldn't get enough, and the bigger the better.

Dr. Assad probably doesn't have a big one, I mused while drying off, and besides, the guy is a doctor. I remembered seeing the thick gold band on his finger, the metal shining against the black hair on his knuckles, and the very idea of him being interested in me was absurd. Just as absurd as me wondering about his cock.

*** 

Downtown looked different at 6:30 in the evening. Even though it wasn't dark, the streets were fairly deserted, and as I approached the brownstone I wondered how long this would take, because there was a game on TV I wanted to catch at 8.

The office was dimly lit, and I noticed that the receptionist had apparently left for the day. Maybe that means the visit would be billed, I thought before calling out, "Hello?"

"Tim!" Dr. Assad said as he came out of the back room. "Good of you to come. Step back here with me."

I followed the doctor through the examination room and back to a room that was a little like a studio apartment. This room was a little nicer than the rest of the place, which was kind of drab and not as comfortable looking as this room, which he explained doubled as a place to stay when bad weather kept him from getting home.

"Many times I work late, like today," Dr. Assad explained as he set me at a desk and put my file down.

I almost felt guilty, but remembered he was the one that suggested it. Besides, I liked seeing Dr. Assad dressed casually like he was. Gone were the stiff blue shirt and tie, replaced by a sharp looking short sleeved beige shirt with camel colored pants.  

He looked like he was ready to go play golf, but I was mesmerized by the doctor's arms, which were covered with a profuse amount of hair. Also, the open neck of his shirt exposed what seemed to be the upper part of a very hairy chest.

Too bad you've got to go home to the wife, I thought to myself as I watched the doctor shuffle his papers, because I would not mind getting another exam as long as I could reciprocate.

"We can put your mother at ease, Tim," Dr. Assad said. "You're a very healthy young man."

"That's good," I replied.

"She was concerned about your sexual development," Dr. Assad said. "There is a condition where men have what's called a micro-penis, but that doesn't apply to you. You have a small penis, but nowhere near that extreme."

The thought that there actually were guys out there even less blessed than I was, was a little comforting.

"She was also worried about your relative lack of body hair," Dr. Assad said, making me wince. "That's nothing to be worried about. Some get testosterone treatments when there is a noticeable lack of development, but I see no need for anything like that." 

"Might be worth it," I suggested. "I feel weird being like this sometimes. Hairy guys look so much more manly."

"And you find hirsute men attractive?"

"Hell yeah," I chuckled. "Opposites attract I guess."

"Perhaps so. Maybe that's why you appeal to them as well."

"Probably."

"During your exam I noted that you have nicely developed chest and shoulder muscles," he continued. "I believe you said that you lift weights. Even in your relaxed state that was clear. I imagine while you are exercising that muscular development becomes even more pronounced."

"I guess," I said.

"You're obviously a very virile young man. When I asked you to masturbate for me, you ejaculated 1.4 milliliters of semen," Dr. Assad said. "That's significantly more than the average, which is usually less than half that amount." 

"I didn't get to measure your second ejaculation," Dr. Assad said. "The one that you produced when I stimulated your prostate, but that seemed to be a large volume of semen as well. Have you found that you ejaculate more than your lovers do?"

"I dunno," I mumbled, not ever measuring it like the doctor did because I was too busy enjoying it.

"Well, your tests all came back fine," Dr. Assad said, showing me what looked to me to be gibberish, but as long as I was okay I just nodded. "I saw no damage at all to your anus or your rectum, and I did examine that area quite thoroughly."

"That's good."

"I assume that the man who violated you used lubrication," Dr. Assad said.

"Well, I wouldn't call it a violation," I interjected, looking over and seeing that picture of me naked in the folder.

"That's right," Dr. Assad said. "Forgive me. I guess that listening to your mother all that time and her referring to what this man did to you as rape, has affected me. You wanted the man to have you anally, right?"

"Yes."

"Your mother also mentioned something about the man being large," Dr. Assad said. "I assume that she was referring to the size of the man's penis."

"Uh - yeah."

"And that didn't bother you? Him being large?"

"No sir," I said, beginning to feel a strange vibe filling the room.

"I was curious - do you prefer being with large men, as opposed to those more modestly endowed?

"I guess."

"This man was much older than you," Dr. Assad said. "Do you find yourself attracted to older men?"

"Yeah," I answered. "My roommate in college told me that I'm trying to compensate for my father being gone. Psych 101 I guess."

"Interesting? You spoke to your roommate about your sexuality?"

"Yes. We sorta had a relationship."

"That must have been nice for the two of you. Did he have a large penis?"

"Kenny? No. I mean, he was bigger than me, but not really big." 

"In addition to letting other men take you anally, do you also enjoy your lovers in that fashion?"

"No, not really," I said sheepishly. 

"Why is that, Tim?"

"I - I can't really reach very well."

"Does having anal sex give you pleasure, or do you do it for your partner's pleasure?"

"Both, I guess. I know I like it and they seem to also."

"That's good," Dr. Assad said. "Sex should be pleasurable for both parties, and you seem to be a very sensitive young man. Take the exam I gave you. You seemed to get enjoyment out of my examining your anus and rectum."

"Um - after a while I did," I admitted.

"I could see that," Dr. Assad said. "There's nothing wrong with that. Nothing at all. I must admit, Tim, that while it has rarely occured over the course of my career, I found myself enjoying examining you. Very much so."
