 James was a tall dark handsome man who worked as a part time Doctor within a rehab facility in San Francisco.

He was 6 feet tall and had a gentle beard and soft brown eyes, people often thought him to be a gentle and kind-hearted person. And people would, for the most part be right. However, like everyone, Dr James had a darker side and his work at the experimental wing of the facility dealt with serious mental issues. He had slowly begun to develop a special method for which he would treat these severe illnesses. 

...

James walked into his office, he took off his black jumper and put on his white lab coat and picked up his security access card. He was heading to a treatment meeting with a special case he had been working on for several weeks now. He walked down the corridor and took notice of the annoying squeak from his soles on the floor. He walked through one security door and through another directly to his right. Then he entered a circular room with four doors on each side, north, east, south and west. His patient was locked in the west room. 

He swiped his card and walked in shutting the door behind him with a dull smile. 

Steven was restrained to the bed, hands outstretched above his head his face pushed down into the soft mattress which smelt of powerful laundry detergent. His ankles were tied down and his knees where on the bed under his body pushing his bare bottom in the air. 

Steven had a rather large spider gag in his mouth which had left him drooling into his pillow all night. His jaw felt like it would never shut properly again. 

"Hello Steven, how are you today?" James asked softly, he spoke in a deliberate soft tone which was meant to instantly put the patient at ease. 

"MMMAMMPHH!!" Steven made an unintelligent noise through the drool and saliva which poured from his gaping mouth. 

"Aww bless you Steven, you seem to be in a bit of an uncomfortable position. I do hope you aren't in any real pain." Mocked James. 

"FFFFFFFCKKK UUU!" Steven tried to yell.

The insult was heard and registered by James. And he wasn't best pleased, he had spent several weeks slowly and meticulously breaking Steven down.

Steven you see was a homophobe, a homophobe who actively kicked out his gay son and disowned him. Unfortunately for Steven who was only in his late forties and looked around late thirties, That same Gay son had a rich boyfriend who pulled some strings to get Steven treated for his backwards way of thinking. 

James had been all too glad to take this task on. He had enjoyed playing with Stevens emotions, creating a broken man of which he could build something better. But it seemed that a more serious form of treatment was going to have to take place. 

James smacked Steven on his left buttock, it stung. He smacked him again and again and again. 

"Pleeeesse, Immm Shorryy" shouted Steven. 

"Sorry for what Steven?" Asked James. 

Steven squirmed slightly in his restraints trying to avoid the question, his pride not wanting to appear weak or submissive. 

Another smack rained down on his thigh, and then another, and another. 

Each smack was steadily lighter but in the same place as before so to poor Steven it felt like it was actually getting harder. 

"Do not make me ask again or I'll skip the spanking this time and move straight to the Cain and seeing as you cried like a little fag the last time I struck you with that, you should answer quickly" Said James in a very deep and forceful tone, one that had only been used a few times on Steven. 

Steven instantly started to weep. He was tired and sore, and he wanted to go home. The worst part of all of this was he was starting to get used to it, he was starting to even like the attention from Dr James. Nothing sexual had happened between them and yet he had strange feelings when James patted his body and stroked his blonde hair. 

"Immm Shoorrry foor shwweeering" Struggled Steven through the gag. 

"Good, Steven you must know by now that swearing is for lesser people. People who cannot separate their emotions from the moment." Said James 

"Now I appreciate the last few weeks in this room have tested you mentally and, in some cases, physically too" James walked around to the side of the bed so Steven could see him. 

"It will please you to know that today is the beginning of the end of this training and treatment." Continued James as he sat on the edge of the bed next to Steven who looked up at him. 

Tears had started to form in his eyes and run down his chin, he was glad to be almost done, then he could go home. 

"So, shall we begin the final stage?" Asked James who was taking off his white lab coat and folding it neatly on Stevens bedside unit. 

"I take it by your silence that's a yes?" 

"YESSH" 

James smiled down at Steven, and Steven tried to keep eye contact. He had been repeatedly reminded not to look away all the time, to focus his attention on the person who was speaking. James's face stopped smiling and went stern. 

It scared Steven.

James smacked Steven on the cheek which he had never done before, then James dropped down to the eye level of Steven, grabbed his chin and squeezed it firm. 

"You will answer me with SIR from now on you spoilt little bitch, this stage of the treatment isn't going to be easy for you but deep down it is necessary" James growled through his teeth. 

James pulled on his belt and Steven's face turned a shade of white, no one could have quite identified. He watched as Dr James, who Steven hated to admit was a handsome well-built man pulled his large uncut cock from his fly. All Steven could do was watch in horror, disgust and awe as James stroked it back and forth.

James looked down at his cock and watched it grow harder with each stroke, he even admired how the foreskin pulled back and forth. 

Steven started to burble spit and drool everywhere as he thrashed around unable to move from the restraints. His mouth still held wide open by the spider gag, left him vulnerable to the impending attack. He watching as the large cock grew in length and more terrifyingly girth. It was easily 8 inches in length and as thick as a mans fist. 

Everything appeared to happen in slow motion for Steven, he felt James's hand grab the back of his head to hold him steady, he felt the spit dribble out his mouth and slowly watched as the head of the cock moved towards his open and inviting orifice. 

Once inside James let out a gasp and moan. 

"mmmm, that's what I like slut. A warm, wet hole to fuck." James pushed his cock down as far as it would go. It wasn't far at all. He barely got 3 inches in before Stevens gag reflex kicked in. 

"hmm we're going to have to train that gag reflex aren't we little sissy slut?" Every word James used was designed to cause a rise, but also to break through Steven's final defence and destroy his toxic masculine resolve. 

"MMMMMAMAPPPHHH!!" slurped Steven as he felt the hot, hard cock slide in and out, in and out. It was an eternity. Or so it seemed. The reality was it was a mere five minutes. Steven noticed every detail, every vein and ridge of the massive cock gliding into his mouth. Strangely it wasn't as unpleasant as he thought, yes, he didn't like it but the sensation felt quite pleasant. 

...

For nearly 20 minutes James fucked Stevens throat and mouth, gradually pushing deeper in each time and every once and a while slamming it past his gag reflex into his tight throat and holding it there as Steven helplessly tried to thrash his head back. James would only laugh a cruel mocking laugh.

In truth it was a lie, he didn't take much satisfaction out of making his patient suffer like this, but it was important to shock him and break him. 

James pushed his cock a good 6 inches in and held it in there for a good 10 seconds, as he pulled out it made that sexy slurping and popping sound. He looked at the tears running down Stevens cheeks onto his nose and then hitting his mattress. There was also a huge puddle of spit and drool coming from his mouth and dripping off of James's cock. 

"Now was that too much for you?" he asked.

No answer. 

He smacked Steven on the right buttock several times and repeated the question. Still no reply. 

"Fine, I guess more brutal, hands on treatment is in order for you to truly break" Said James as he disappeared behind Steven's view. 

"I had hoped to spare you this until later in the week. But I'll have to do it now." Said James as he undid his belt and dropped his pants to the floor. 

Steven's body was trembling with adrenaline, and he was too stunned to think. 

That feeling intensified when he felt the bed shift and a large set of hands spread each ass cheek. A great glob of warm spit dropped out of the air and landed perfectly on his puckered hole. He started sobbing. 

"PLLLEEEEETTHE, NOOOO" 

"You should have answered my question, now you're going to feel what it's like to be a woman. A true sissy huh" mocked James who had to admit he was going to enjoy this bit. 

James wasn't gay, he had never found men to be attractive in the slightest. Yet, having sex didn't always have to mean there was an attraction. And James's dark side was his ability to take pleasure from tying and fucking people. 

He was definitely going to enjoy this, his cock bounced up and down with excitement. 

"Oh, and by the way Steven, I have a reputation for lasting a while." Warned James with a smile. 

He did, And Steven felt every inch of that meaty cock slam its way into him that day. 

For a good hour of fucking, his slut hole, which was its new title according to Dr James was stretched beyond belief. It would have been a lie to say that in some dark recess of his brain he didn't enjoy it, he had noticed his own cock had gotten hard several times during the ordeal. It had even made him burst into tears when he ejaculated over his bed. 

And his ass felt horribly empty once James's cock was removed, Though the feeling of the hot cum made him feel slutty. A feeling which James intended on bring out in him over the coming weeks. For James was in fact being paid a lot of money not only to treat Steven for his homophobia, but to train him in being a pimped out little butt slut. 

James got dressed in front of Steven. Before he put his cock away he grabbed the back of Seven's head and slid it into his mouth. 

"That's a good boy, clean me off," he said gently as he stroked Steven's face. 

"Now I'm going to leave you here, in a few hours someone will be by to clean you and put you to sleep. Goodnight Slut." James said as he left and shut the door. 

"GOOOOD NIIIIGHHHT SIRRRR" Steven mumbled to himself. 

There's more training to come...