 "Tomorrow I have a case for you. Uh...I think that makes it the 10th one right?" Dr Peterson shyly asked. I smiled and said, "Yes doctor. Why don't I pick it up Saturday?" He agreed and hung up. He churned those 10 cases faster than I thought. Oh well, money is money right? 

The rest of the week went by without a hitch. I contemplated on what we were going to do. Should I really give him his money's worth or should I just get it over with. My friends and I were going to meet up for drinks later. Should I let him fuck me bent over his desk or should I lay flat on my back and let my legs reach for the sky?

As I showered, I fought the urge to play with my ass and jerk off. No, I wanted this lust to build and boil inside of me. Who knows, maybe I'll get to fuck him. I got out, and dressed. I was so horny just thinking about what I was going to do. Too bad my other clients weren't into guys.

I arrived at his empty office and was ushered in. He immediately sat down in his chair, anticipating his treat like a puppy. I asked him where the 10th case was and he replied, "It's on the front desk."

"You haven't been having any more issues with my work?" I asked as I pulled my t-shirt off. He shook his head no as he admired my body. I wickedly smiled and said, "...too bad." I walked around the desk to stand in front of him. I put one foot on the chair, between his legs and pushed him back. I needed space for my little show.

I turned and assumed "the position." I could somehow feel his cock harden while he sat there and stared at my backside. I slowly slid down my shorts and gave him full view what he'd earned. I could hear him stroking his cock through his slacks.

"Do you like what you see Dr. Peterson," I asked? He made an audible grunt so I took that as a yes. With shaking hands, he reached out to touch my ass but I quickly swatted him away.

"Don't be in such a rush doctor. You'll get what's cumming to you," I wickedly said and continued, "Do you want me like this?" I turned while slowly stroking my cock and then sitting on his desk, spreading my legs and exposing it all to him. I once again asked, "Or like this?" 

Dr. Peterson licked his lips while he clumsily free his cock from it's confinement. I could help but lick my own lips. The memory of me on my knees with my cum covered mouth rushed into my brain. He breathlessly replied, "Like that." 

"Like that...what," I questioned. His reply of "Like that, please." brought a big smile to his face. I wondered if now would be a good time to up my price. I wanted to see how this went first. 

With my legs still open I invited him to get what he earned. He pulled a condom from his pocket and kicked off his pants. As he made his way to me, he stripped off the rest of his clothes. The doctor rolled the rubber onto his stiff cock and just as he was about to poke me with it, i interrupted him, "Dr. Peterson, you don't expect to just fuck me dry do you? That might hurt me." 

He looked around frantically. No lube in sight. I smiled another wicked smile and said, "Doctor, you don't have any lube?" He stammered a no while still trying to find anything that could be used. Had him right where I wanted him. 

"Dr. Peterson, looks like you're just going to have to lube me some other way," I suggested. He looked confused until it dawned on him what he had to do if he wanted my ass. With his cock still in hand. I saw him lower himself until all I saw was from the eyes up.

I heard him open his mouth and then felt the tip of his tongue on my rosebud. It sent electricity up my body. I couldn't help to beg, "more, please more." With a bit more courage, i felt his tongue again. He poked and prodded at my entrance with it. I moaned with delight as he built more confidence and circled my hole with his tongue. He probed me as he started to caress my legs. I was so horny and his tongue felt so good in me.

"Mmmm yeah. Lick my asshole doctor," I moan. My cock is at full attention when he grips it and slowly strokes it. Dr. Peterson continued to fuck my hole with his tongue as I lost myself in ecstasy. I began to pinch and play with my nipples. I felt like such a dirty slut. I was nearly about to explode when I yelled, "Fuck me doctor! Fuck me now damnit!"

The good doctor needed no more of an invitation. With cock in hand, he guided towards my waiting ass. I hadn't had a good fucking in a bit so I was beyond ready. I felt his soft tip at the entrance and then slide into me. Between his saliva from eating my ass and the lube on the condom, his hot cock slid in easy enough. I felt my ring stretch over his head and then felt him glide in, inch by inch. I gripped the edge of his desk and let out a groan.

It felt like eternity when I finally felt his balls make contact with my ass. I tilted my head up to see him. He was lost in his own world by now. He'd earned this piece of ass and now he was going to enjoy it. I urged him, "Come on doctor, fuck me." He lifted my legs to rest on his shoulders and he pulled me towards him. Oh he was serious now.

Dr. Peterson pulled back and I felt every inch of his cock reverse out of me. Just as I felt his head stretch my anal ring again, he pushed it back in. I let out an, "Ohhhhhh." He did it again and again. Building up more momentum with each thrust. The doctor started to give me a good fucking. He slammed his cock into me over and over again. My legs fell to the side and he held them up under my knees as he continued to pound my ass. I could feel and hear his balls slap against me.

I watched the doctor fuck me and noticed he was not really looking at me but passed me. He started to mumble between grunts as he fucked me, "...you like that whore...teach you...never in your ass...your ass is mine." He was imaging that he was fucking his horrible wife. That got me hot. I jerked my own cock and yelled, "Fuck my ass! Fuck it harder!" He obliged and I couldn't hold it any longer. String after string of my cum shot out and onto my chest. I threw my head back and I yelled out in ecstasy.

With a growl, he surprised me by pulling completely out and turned me over. I barely had time to register what was happening when he rammed his cock into me again. With a renewed vigor and his hands holding my hips tightly, he rammed his cock into me again and again. I just held on for dear life while moaning, grunting, and yelling in lust.

"My ass bitch!" He yelled as echoes of his skin slapped against my ass. I could only reply with, "Yes! Your ass! It's yours!" He slapped my ass a few times. The last one really stung and then I felt his hands really grip and grope into my cheeks. I could feel his climax coming. I tighten up ass and within a couple more thrust, I heard him moan loudly as he came

He was spent, so I pushed back to let him fall back into his chair. I got on my knees and took off the condom. I took his softening cock in my mouth and sucked off all of his cream. He moaned even louder with each suck. When I was done milking him for all that he was worth, I got up and kissed him on his head. I turned and bent down to get my clothes so he could get one last look. 

Still in his chair, he rolled towards me and planted his lips where he'd spank me. He kissed my ass a couple more times and then licked my used asshole one last time. He turned me and stared at my semi erect cock. As if mesmerized by it, he opened his mouth and took it in. He began to suck me. I let out, "Mmmmmm, yes baby. Is this your first cock in your mouth?"

He replied with a muffled, "Mmhmm." My cock grew inside his hot mouth. I started to thrust a little with in time of his bobs. For a first timer, he was a pretty good cock sucker. I dropped my clothes and put my hands on his head. I gently started to fuck his mouth. It felt so good. Dr. Peterson started to incorporate his tongue in the motion and I was close to cumming.

I warned him and his mouth released me as he started to jerk me off. The mixture of precum and his own saliva dripped from his mouth and run down his neck. It was so hot. I exploded and I shot on his face. Most of it on his lips. He kissed the tip of my cock and then opened a drawer to get some hand towels. He handed me one and we cleaned up.

I dressed and got ready to leave. I opened his office door and was about to leave when I decided to say, "That was good, but maybe next time, it would feel much better for me and you if you didn't have the condom." I looked at him with my wicked grin and winked. Still in a daze of lust, he smiled and agreed. I left thoroughly satisfied. Dr. Peterson better hurry up with those next ten cases or else I may have to lessen it to 5. Grinning, I went home to shower and reply what had just happened in that wonderful office.