 Disclaimer: This is an Adult Gay Story. If you are not of age in your country, or if it is against the law for you to read this story, please don't read this. Any comments or constructive criticism are welcome.

SANJAY:

My friend Salim was the most gorgeous person I'd ever seen. He was six foot tall, strong built, very straight, a real lad and he had a classically handsome face. He was a hunk but I could never tell him that. Salim and I had been thrown together as roommates at our college hostel six months before. I fell in love with him at first sight, but didn't dare tell him that I was gay or found him attractive.

He was always surrounded by many friends of both sexes. Every one liked him for his looks and charms. It always pained me to look him moving freely with all. I was very shy and I could not move physically close to him. The only time I was physically close to him was at the time of traveling in bike with him. Even at the time I could not move beyond the decent limit. But whenever I was with him, my eyes would be fixed on him drinking his beauty. The times he took off his shirt and move in the room with shorts were the precious moments in my life. I would watch his Greek-like physique and the chiseled definition of his manly body. Everything about him made me crazy with lust -his broad haired chest, muscular pecs that were accentuated by sexy nipples, his flat stomach and his shorts that looked like a second skin. They would cling to his firm, round buns and displayed a large, tempting bulge in his crotch. Every time I saw him I would get a boner. I knew that he never noticed my lusty stares or my love.

One day our hostel mates decided to stage a drama for our college day. They wanted no contribution from people outside the hostel. Script writer, actors, director and other technicians were to be selected from the hostel mates, all males, only. Salim was the unanimous choice for the hero role. To my great surprise, they selected me for the heroine role. Though excited, I voiced my doubts about my suitability. And I didn't want to part with my moustache.

Krishna, the script writer, said, "You two would make a great pair, Sanjay. With your expressive eyes and cute face you could make my heroine a live character."

Everyone, including Salim, agreed on the opinion. Finally I accepted the role.

SALIM:

Sanjay was the nicest person I'd ever known. He was very intelligent and good looking. But he was very shy and except me he had no other close friend. He always had a dreamy look and seemed to live in his own inner world. He helped me in my studies. Especially the credit for my good marks in mathematics in last semester belonged to him.

When Krishna proposed him for the heroine role we all agreed that he would be the ideal choice. I looked at him with more attention. If the moustache was gone, he would look like a beautiful girl. His smooth hairless upper body and thighs could help easy make up for the female character.

When he came out of the room after make up, I couldn't help exclaiming, "Wow! You look very beautiful, Sanjay".

He just smiled. The most beautiful aspect of him was his charming smile. It flashed his perfect teeth. As Krishna said, his coal black eyes were very expressive. Everything suited him perfectly. When I saw the short skirt and the creamy glowing thighs, something really stirred in me. The new sensation baffled me. I had to remind myself that he was "HE" not "SHE". But it didn't help me much.

The drama had a few intimate scenes. I couldn't help touching and feeling his bare skin more than it was necessary. I really felt guilty about it. I was not a person who takes undue advantage of his shyness. But my hands were not in my control. They explored and enjoyed. I knew Sanjay's good nature and shyness prevented him objecting it. But really I was helpless. Sometimes I forgot the dialogues and Krishna scolded me for that.

SANJAY:

Whenever he touched me I was in heaven. At first he acted closely only at rehearsal times. Afterwards he became very close in our hostel room also. He started getting friendlier toward me. If I was sitting on the couch watching TV, he would sit down next to me and stretch out, making sure our upper arms touched. If I was reading, he would put his hand on my arm and look over my shoulder to see what I was reading. He began hugging me before he left to go anywhere.

I didn't know how to react because I wasn't sure of his intention. But every nerve of my body answered his touch.

On college day, our drama was a grand success. Everyone acted very well. Both of us lived our roles passionately. As per the script, the drama ended with the lead pair's kiss. It was enough for him to bring his face to my face. But I felt his lips press onto mine. His tongue forced apart my lips and pushed into my mouth. I was experiencing my first real kiss with Salim. The audience clapped. Thinking that as a joke between friends, the persons on the stage also clapped merrily.

SALIM:

I didn't know what made me to kiss him. But I couldn't resist from kissing the wet cherry lips. They were inviting and I had to respond. I had to kiss them. The kiss electrified my entire body. I had kissed a few girls earlier. But they were nothing compared to the kiss with Sanjay. I came to senses after hearing the claps. Unwillingly I withdrew my lips from him.

I whispered to Sanjay, "Sorry friend. I went beyond the limit"

"But I loved that" Sanjay said.

I wasn't sure of what I heard. I looked his eyes. They expressed what he said, more eloquently. Both of us were impatient to reach our room. But we had to sit there and watch other programs with our friends. Finally the programs were over and we returned to our room.

SANJAY:

"Let's get out of these clothes," Salim said softly and he pulled my cotton T shirt over my head. I did the same to him. He put his arms around me and hugged me. I melted in his warm strong arms. Our bare chests were pressed together. I loved the feel of his warm hairy chest against my smooth one.

He ran his hand down my back and placed it on my bare hip. He squeezed my hip and pulled me a little closer to him. Marc raised his head up a little; his warm lips gently touched. The kiss was so gentle. Everything I had expected from him. Everything I needed it to be. The kiss lingered. My body trembled as I ran my hands over his strong, smooth back and held him closer and we continued to kiss.

SALIM:

We said goodbye to our pants also. Sanjay's slim torso was smooth as silk with only a hint of a treasure trail running from his navel into his shorts. I ran my fingers softly over his chest and tweaked his nipples gently. He was unbuttoning my shorts and pulling the zipper down as I put my lips on his right nipple and nursed on it, nibbling softly as he removed my shorts and briefs in one motion. My cock sprang free, hard as a rock and drooling slippery pre cum as he stroked it.

SANJAY:

"Feed me that hard cock!" I moaned. A clear drop of pre cum oozed from the massive slit in the head of his seven inch cock and I lifted my head to lick it off. He tasted fresh and clean, with just the slightest hint of musk. Pushing forward and down Salim fed his flesh to me. The head filled my hungry mouth and he began to thrust gently pushing more and more of his hard flesh into me.

"Oh, yeah," he groaned, "Suck that dick."

He had met the back of my throat and I sucked vigorously on his stiff meat. He pushed further and I swallowed his massive knob down into my warm, wet, slippery throat. As I sucked him I fondled his fat squishy nuts. He thrust a bit faster into me, driving his shaft in and out of my hungry throat. I could taste the nectar flowing freely from his organ. It lubed up my throat making my job easier. As his nuts contracted in their silky sack I knew that Salim was close to blasting my face with his load. He sensed the oncoming orgasm and pulled his shaft out of my throat and mouth. The huge cock throbbed and jerked above my face, his balls pulled up tightly to the wide base of his dick.

"Oh babe I am so close to blowing my wad," he said breathlessly, his cock jumping and twitching in time with his racing pulse.

"Kiss me," I said to him and he fell on top of me, our hard cocks rubbing slickly against each other. Our lips met and Salim drove his tongue again deep into my welcoming mouth.

"You are so, so hot!" he moaned between kisses while he removed my shorts.

"You are as well," I responded as we continued to make out, tongues and lips dueling passionately. Our cocks continued their slippery duel, each of us producing huge amounts of pre cum that wet our bellies and shafts.

"You're in good shape," he said, falling to his knees in front of my hard rod. As his warm, wet mouth enveloped my oozing knob I let out a groan. He pulled off of my hard cock and began to tongue my scrotum. He sucked each of my hot balls into his warm, wet mouth and gave them each a good workout with his tongue. Salim spread my legs apart and went back to work. He tongued and kissed my perineum and ran his wet, hot tongue lower until he was rimming my love hole. He had me groaning and writhing in ecstatic pleasure as his stiff wet tongue probed my ass. I reached down to grab my dick but he pushed my hand away as he continued his rimming. He gently fondled my dick, which had never before been so hard. Salim smeared the juice oozing from the slit of my cock all over the rock hard shaft as his tongue probed and tickled my pulsating sphincter.

Then, he pulled his face away from my butt and looked up at me.

Understanding the look, I asked "Are you sure you want to do this?"

"I want to be inside you honey" Salim whispered to me. He directed me onto my back. As I saw his huge cock I knew I was in for a hell of a ride. Just the sight of that hot stud looming before me was getting my juices flowing again. I couldn't wait to have that hot cock tearing into my ass. I knew Salim would soon be filling me to the brim with his glorious thick cock.

"Oh, honey, you're so big," I gasped as I placed my hands on his buttocks and pulled him in deeper. He began to pump slowly. .

"And you're so tight, Sanjay" he whispered. "I'm not hurting you, am I?"

"No, don't ever stop," I replied.

Our lips locked together again as he drove his love pole inside me. I felt his body shudder and his rod expand.

"Oooh, yeah, this is a tight fucking ass. This is going to be so hot" he said in sexy voice.

"Yeah, fuck me, Tony. I need your cock up my ass, man," I said.

As that plump, cock head pressed against my anxious rose bud, I sighed in anticipation. Then with a determined push, it plopped past my tight sphincter. I grit my teeth as several spasms of pain emanated from my ass. Still, Salim pushed himself forward, driving more and more of that love pole into my burning ass.

"Honey, your sweet ass is marvelous" he sighed while continuing to burrow that beautiful cock ever deeper. I grunted as I forced myself to overcome the initial pain of that anal invasion. When I finally felt his balls resting on my upturned ass, I breathed n deep, relaxing my ass muscles as best I could. Salim locked onto my eyes as he slowly rotated and swayed his hips, grinding that baby fully inside my straining ass. Without a word being said, he continued that grinding motion for several minutes while I writhed beneath him. As the pain turned into a longing, my eyes must have relayed that message.

"You enjoy this. Don't you?" he asked me. I could see the lust in his eyes as surely as he could read the desire in mine.

"Yes darling" I moaned. "Fuck me, honey, fuck me."

We found a rhythm. The sensation was unbelievable! Our eyes continued staring back at each other as Salim's cock continued that delicious plunging, slowly, in and out, in and out. After a few minutes of love making, we were in sync with each other. He drove into me in long deliberate strokes. I looked into his face and he was consumed with ecstasy and I felt the most intense love of my life. When our orgasms finally came they came together as he pushed into me one last time. His back arched and he let out an unbelievable moan as I felt his cock pulse inside me to expel his cum. Salim collapsed across me and our sweat mixed between us. I could feel his hot breath against my neck. We were filled with an unbelievable sense of release and peace.