 This is three episodes that were removed from the story "Bastille Day" about group sex at two French nudist resorts. As I was reviewing the chapters for submission, I decided that some readers might not appreciate what had developed in the original draft. Maybe I was wrong. Certainly the two young women in the story had no problem with it. Sans, short for San-culotte, his user name on Literotica, was an older man, like the first person narrator.

Readers of "Bastille Day" will recognize the following passage. In that story, it stops after the narrator says: "A great international men's secret." The women then agree that they had better suck their cocks, before the discussion continues, but it does below. 





The four of them are just finishing a quadrangle of oral sex: 

"Uhn!" Marge almost bit my cock, her body jerking like Anna's had, and the wet sounds were not just from my tongue; Sans was also trying to lap up all of Marge's juice.

We all relaxed with long, deep, sighing moans. My cock was still in Marge's mouth, no longer so sensitive, and wilting slowly. Her tongue moved gently on it, as though she were sucking her thumb.

I had to snort at the thought that that was good practice for girls as an introduction to cock-sucking. And what for boys, as an introduction to pussy-licking? Nothing occurred to me; they also just sucked their thumbs - but not as an introduction to cock-sucking. Oh, the sucking for both boys and girls was really only about nursing; have to remember to suck Anna's and Marge's breasts, but I still liked the idea that girls/women naturally liked to suck on something like their thumb.

My cock probably wasn't much bigger than mine, when I rolled back, and it slipped from between Marge's lips. She gave a slightly disappointed sounding little moan, and then snorted and murmured: 

"You took it away from me. I was just sucking my thumb, well, that occurred to me, just nice to have in my mouth."

"Hm-hm-hmm! Just what I was thinking; it felt like that, and that girls must just naturally like to suck cocks."

The others chuckled. Anna replied cheerfully: 

"I do."

"You sure do, thank you," Sans remarked.

"Me too," Marge agreed, snickering.

We all chuckled again and moved around on the bed, lying with our heads on the pillows. It was almost dark outside and darker in the room. I remarked: 

"You two really like to do it."

"Um-hmm," Marge agreed. Anna remarked: 

"You would too. Oh, I mean, not like that, ... but, well, ... of course men like you don't, but why shouldn't you? Boys also suck their thumbs."

Sans snorted sharply. I would have, if I hadn't already thought about that. Marge remarked: 

"You don't mind that we like to do it to each other."

"Oh no," Sans agreed: "better than women who don't, more adventurous and, ... well, I don't know, but I like that you do."

"We do too," Anna replied, and then we were silent.

The women were lying between us, as usual. I put my outside hand to my mouth and put my thumb in it, experimenting with sucking and licking it. Nice. Was I thinking about sucking a cock? Of course, I must have been, no problem sucking all of my thumb in my mouth. Suddenly Marge, next to me, asked: 

"What are you doing?"

Had she seen me, or heard me sucking. She certainly did when I pulled it out and murmured: 

"Sucking my thumb. Can't remember when I last did."

Soft snickers. Then we heard Anna noisily sucking hers, humming. Then she made it pop loudly as she drew it out and said: 

"Good, but not as good as a cock."

"I'll take your word for it," I replied, feeling my cheeks flush.

"Um-hmm," Sans agreed, and we were silent again.

I wondered what to think about our conversation and wondered what the others were thinking. Were the women telling us that they thought we could suck each other's cock? There, I thought that! They didn't seem bothered by the idea, like we weren't bothered by their licking each other's pussy. What was Sans thinking?

The silence continued, then he asked softly: 

"Have you ever dreamt about sucking your own cock?"

Surprised snorts from Marge and Anna - and from me. I had. Had he? Must have, to ask that.

"Um-hmm, guess you have too, tried to in a dream, a couple of them."

"Um-hmm. Hm-hmm! Just trying to."

"What men dream about!" Marge remarked.

"You couldn't," Anna murmured.

"No," Sans agreed: "of course not, but somehow close enough for it to seem like I almost could."

"Um-hmm, something like that. Hm-hmm! Must have been a foot long, longer; I was getting close, thinking I could, but never did."

"Really?" Marge asked: "Don't think girls have dreams like that."

"I haven't. And you both had dreams about that?" Anna added.

"A great international men's secret," I replied.

Chuckles, maybe nervous chuckles from Sans and me, apprehensive of where the conversation was going. Marge said: 

"If you wanted to have your cocks sucked - that kind of a dream - you didn't need to try to do it yourselves. You couldn't, anyway. Or were they really about wanting to?"

"I'm pretty sure," I replied: "I remember thinking that leaning down like that wouldn't let me lick it where it felt best."

"You really wanted to suck it, not just have it sucked?" she asked.

"Um-hmm," Sans agreed. 

"Maybe in your dreams you had to make it your own, the taboo against admitting that you were thinking about doing it with a cock you could reach," she replied.

After a few moments, he sat up in the dark and murmured: 

"No time like the present, and no better place and company. I want to, if you don't object?"

"Then I will, too."

"After I do."

As he began to move down the bed and across the women's legs, I almost held my breath, and seemed like they also were. They moved their legs so that I could let him crouch between mine.

We were really going to do it! The decision was a relief after all the tension of wondering where the conversation was taking us. I wanted to. As I had said, I knew that I would like it, just the great hurdle of admitting it. Better than sucking my thumb, like Anna had said. But my cock sure wasn't anticipating this, not yet!

Oooh! His hand found my balls and cock in the dark. Thank goodness that it was so dark; I didn't want to watch him. His fingers raised my soft cock, his breath on it, and then it was in his mouth! Just like in Marge's or Anna's, no, my foreskin was still covering my small knob, hardly a knob. Forget that it's him doing it! I drew a deep breath. It still seemed like the women were holding theirs. 

Of course, he knew what to do. Was he enjoying it? I would be; I will be. Oh! Marge had reached over and rubbed my chest. She wanted us to, thinking I needed reassurance? Couldn't hurt, but if he did, I wanted to. All the way?! Of course. Did he want to? Oh, now he could lick my knob, and suck. "Mmmm!" He must have been good at sucking his thumb as a child, and he had learned everything Marge and Anna did, also his daughter. Anyone else? 

Oh yes! He was doing it with all their skill. Right! He knew better than they did what it was feeling like for my cock, and must be enjoying it. Thanks, Marge, for helping us admit that we want to. I hoped it didn't take too long; I wanted my turn. But I had just come so good; it could take longer.

Was his cock aroused, like mine was when I was licking a pussy; like the women's pussies were, when they were sucking my cock, sometimes fingering themselves? Not with that hand! It was fondling my balls, still loose enough to move. He really wasn't being tentative about doing it. What did it feel like to fondle another man's balls? I would find out.

Oh, he was stretching the skin of my sack. He didn't have to do that to prolong my orgasm, so he must be enjoying sucking my cock - all the way?

"Good! But only as much as you want; I'll warn you."

He shook his head. I murmured: 

"I will too."

He nodded. For a minute or two, maybe less, I thought about how my cock must feel in his mouth, but then I was only aware of the arousal of my cock, and also Marge's hand rubbing me. She knew the slight twitches of my body were a sign of my increased arousal. I tried to control my hips to avoid thrusting too deep in his mouth. He hummed on my cock, like they did, making it better. He had better really want it! I was going to! His fingers were scratching the base of my cock behind my tight sack. 

He moaned at the same instant my cock spurted, and again and again. Had he felt my ejaculations with his fingers before they shot in his mouth? No wonder Anna and Marge liked to do it to each other, knowing exactly how it was feeling for the other. Another spurt! More than I expected after before. Had he done it so good, or was it the extra arousal from our agreeing to do it to each other?

He had liked it, humming and again fondling my balls. Would his cock be already aroused when I started?

No one said anything as we had changed places - thank goodness!  His cock was more aroused than mine had been: I could find it with my tongue and sucked in my mouth. Yes, it was just like I had anticipated, like I had imagined it must feel for the women, when my cock was in one of their mouths. So glad we had agreed to try it! Not his cock or him, but the feeling of a cock in my mouth. Anna had been so right, much better than sucking my thumb! My thumb didn't twitch or surge like his cock did. So good to feel that it was feeling so good for him. Almost reluctantly, when his sack drew up, I caught a fold of skin and started to loosen it; I didn't want to wait to know what it would be like when he came in my mouth, when his hips twitched.  

His sack was loose, and then I remembered having wondered what it would be like to fondle another man's balls. How could I have forgotten before? It just felt so natural to do so, felt just like fondling mine. Even nicer? But now, make him come, make his cock twitch and surge, his hips twitch, and then ...! I was looking forward to his orgasm as much as Anna or Marge would have! 

"Uhnn! Uhnn! Uhnn!" And "uhnnn!" and another little spurt, just on my tongue. To hell with worrying about what others might think about men sucking cock! 

I raised my head, trying to contain the creamy fluid in my mouth. No difference from tasting my own when one of them kissed me, just a lot more, but that only confirmed that I had done it as good as I had wanted to. Hopefully, I had given him as much. I swallowed, and again. We had done it!

As I clambered back over Marge and Anna, to where he had been lying, Marge reached over and touched me, murmuring: 

"I'm proud of you both, that you dared to."

"We wanted to," Sans replied. 

"We did, more than we could have admitted without your help."

"Um-hmm, thank you. Daphne is not going to hear about this, but it was as good, my dreams finally fulfilled."

"Yes! Thank you," I agreed.

Anna reached over and rubbed my chest and murmured: 

"I knew you would like it, better than sucking your thumb."

"I did too, much better."

We all chuckled. Sans scramble down and drew up the covers, and we rolled together, Marge and Anna embracing with Sans and my arm around each of them, holding a breast. We dozed off, but soon loosened our so close embrace, finding new positions and dozing off again.

I didn't dream about trying to suck my own cock. This time - whoever's cock it was - it was in my mouth and felt good, but then it faded away, like the feeling of holding something in one's hand in other dreams, still feeling it there as one recognizes that it is just a dream, half awake, but then one's hand is empty. More than just half awake, I admitted that I wanted to do it again, if he wanted to. Hoping he did, I dozed off again.

Four people in bed together is a little crowded, pleasantly, of course, but when I woke up, I knew that I couldn't just roll over and close my eyes again and go to sleep. Besides, it was dawning, and we had gone to sleep fairly early. "Hmm" I snorted, as it suddenly came back to me what we had done. Had I dreamt that I had done it again? Seemed like it. Whatever? He'd done it too, and Marge and Anna had liked that we had. We had too!   

I heard him snort, and then heard the women show that they were also awake, both with an "um-hmm." He snorted again and murmured: 

"We did it."

"Um-hmm," I agreed, and the women also agreed. We moved around, he and I on our sides facing the women, giving them space to lie on their backs. Anna smiled at me and then at him. Marge also smiled at us, remarking: 

"You did. Good morning. Hope you still like that you did."

He and I glanced at each other with slight smirks, nodding, and replied together: 

"I do."

Smiles and soft chuckles. Anna replied: 

"I do too."

"Like we like that you do," I murmured, fondling her breast.

"Um-hmm," Sans agreed. Marge chuckled again and repeated my words: 

"Like we like that you do. I think it is nice that you were bold enough, honest enough to do it."

"You were bold enough; I might not have been," I said to Sans: "but I liked that you were. Hmm! And liked it. ... Of course, that you did, at least as good as they do, but I meant that I liked doing it too."

"And also at least as good as they do. Now we know why they do."

"Yes!"

We raised our heads and exchanged somewhat wry smiles. They looked back and forth at us, and all of us snorted at our open admission that we had liked it. Marge chuckled and remarked: 

"Then you'll probably want to do it again. No problem."

He and I exchanged glances, snorting with the slightest of smiles. Anna snickered and remarked: 

"But don't forget about us; we want to, too, and more."

We all chuckled, and he fondled one of Marge's breast, while I fondled Anna's other one and leaned closer and kissed her, getting her tongue thrust in my mouth. He also kissed Marge, but then glanced at me with a snicker and murmured: 

"If they want us to, ... before we have second thoughts?"

"Hm-hmm! Not me; I think I dreamt about it. Couldn't have been mine."

"Hmm!" He smirked with a nod.

"You and your dreams!" Marge remarked with another chuckle. 

"Guess I want to," I murmured.

"Me too," he replied softly, just nodding with serious expression.

"I said so first; come here."

As I slid back to kneel at the side of the bed, I was a little surprised at my response, but it was obvious what - how - I wanted to do it. He only hesitated for a moment and then slipped from under the covers, replying as he came around the bed: 

"Um-hmm, I will too; want to, too."

I was still surprised at myself, feeling again that Anna and Marge were holding their breath; we were going to do it again and they could watch! Too late to worry about that now; he was sitting down in front of me, spreading his legs. His cock was hanging on his balls, maybe a little longer than it had to be, but still covered by his foreskin - not like in the night. I hadn't touched it with my hand, just his balls. Only one way to get it in my mouth, before his foreskin retreated further, the head of his cock with its little slit appearing. Were they still holding their breath, waiting for me to?

My fingers slipped under his cock, and I lowered my head. Did I push his foreskin back; or did it slip back by itself as his cock grew?  Oh yes! I wanted to do it again, and if they wanted to watch me do what they also liked to do, I hoped they enjoyed themselves. For sure, I was not going to look up at him, like they did when they sucked my cock! This wasn't anything personal, intimate between him and me, just that we both had discovered that we liked to suck a cock. Did he want to watch me? Would I want to watch him?

Nice stiff cock, and I could fondle his balls before his sack drew up, also nice - for him too, like it was when someone fondled mine. Maybe we wouldn't do it again; I had to experiment. What did it feel like to have it deeper in my mouth than it had been the night before? Staring at his pubic hair, I slowly experimented. "Uhnng!" I wasn't going to be as venturesome as Anna had been, even before she had actually swallowed the head of my cock. But he was moaning. I also would have been. 

Oh, his sack was already just a tight ball of wrinkles. I just held the firm knob of his cock, caressing it with my tongue. It twitched. Oooh, the salty taste of precum. I held my tongue still, better expressed, I controlled its reflex to keep caressing, and caught a wrinkle of his sack with my finger tips. 

"Um-hmm," he agreed. Of course; we both knew what it was like for each other. With my fingers' help, his sack loosened. No hurry; I wanted it to be all slack again, to be able to jostle his balls; that felt so good. When I could, I was suddenly surprised - very surprised - to hear Anna's voice: 

"Suck one of them."

Did I want to? If we didn't do it again, the only chance to? Before I could decide, he murmured: 

"I will too."

I nodded with an "un-hnn" and raised my head. His cock slipped from my mouth, and I crouched lower, now pleased that she had encouraged me to do something I otherwise wouldn't have. But before my mouth was near the ball that my fingers were going to push in my mouth, Marge remarked: 

"Oh, isn't it lovely, handsome!"

Shit! They could watch, but didn't have to comment. 

"Oooh, yes!" Anna agreed, adding: "So purple. Should have looked before."

Was I supposed to suck his ball or look at his cock? His ball could wait. The head of his cock really was purple, not just bluish pink like mine would have been - at least, when I saw it when I was by myself. Was it darker, like his, when it was being sucked? Never got to see it; either it had stayed her mouth, or she was climbing up over me to have it in her pussy.

Marge replied: 

"Um-hmm, like a ripe plum, nice ripe plum."

She was right! And plums had a little seam, like his cock from my viewpoint. I had never seen one so close up - plums, of course, not a cock. It was "lovely, handsome."  Mine too? I couldn't resist licking it to make it twitch.

"Yours, too, just as handsome," she added. 

She really did understand men! I glanced over to acknowledge her remark and saw that they were sitting together, leaning against the headboard, with their knees up and their hands down between their thighs. They were enjoying themselves - as best they could. They both nodded with smirks. Then Anna snorted with a grin and said: 

"Oh! There's a German song, ... uh, goes like this: 'In the garden the plums are all ripe, all ripe, hanging full and stiff.' Rhymes in German."

"Reif, steif," Marge explained with a grin. 

I looked back at his cock, at his purple plum, wondering how he felt about this interruption. His purple cock wasn't as shiny as it had been, but his sack was very slack in my fingers. He snorted with a snicker and remarked: 

"Oh, that's good, just like a French slang for it: 'prune,' a plum. Of course, not the wrinkled ones the English word means."

We all had to laugh, and I did look up at him, our eyes meeting, not the problem I had been worried about, especially when he said to them: 

"Stop distracting us; I want to do it too."

"So, suck his ball," Anna replied.

With another glance at his now no longer so shiny "plum," I did. Hadn't I wanted to all along? While I was enjoying holding it in my mouth and caressing it, feeling the few hairs on his sack, I realized that my hand had grasped his cock. How, when had that happened? Felt just like mine - of course. And I could move his skin up and down, like I did with mine. Nice, and nice for it, of course. It needed a little encouragement after their having interrupted what I was doing. 

I sucked and caressed his ball for longer than I intended, while my hand moved on his cock, pulling his skin up over the ridge of his plum. Fun, nice. I wanted to see that before I sucked his plum again. This was being a lot more fun and interesting than I had expected. He hummed, apparently in agreement, and I did, admonishing myself for not having thought to do so before, since I knew that it felt good.
