 The locker room was always the most difficult part of practice—yet it always excited me. And watching Nico was always especially difficult. Oftentimes I couldn't even bear to watch him undress for fear that I would pop a boner right in the middle of the room. He was my age, eighteen, tall and lean and chiseled, with his Italian skin nice and tanned from the time spent playing in the sun. He had the type of wavy, dirty blonde hair that you just wanted to touch, yank, and run your fingers through. And his face was almost the definition of perfection, with a strong jaw set with pink, pouty lips and a soft cleft chin, along with brown eyes topped by arching eyebrows. And don't even get me started with what was below his waist: a good eight inches of meat in the front, and a round, muscular, protruding bubble butt in the back.

Like me, Nico usually said little in the lockers after baseball. I often sensed that he was looking over in my direction, although that was probably just wishful thinking on my part. Nico wasn't into guys, I knew. He went out with the prettiest girls, maybe even got laid a few times. My desire for him was limited strictly to fantasy, and that was that.

One day after practice, the coach asked me to clean out the locker room. We had been getting complaints from the janitor, and the coach wanted to make certain that we did our share to keep the area neat. I had avoided the duty for awhile, but this time I accepted without complaint.

"Nico," the coach said. "You're gonna help out Matt, too. Wait till everyone leaves and make sure the door is locked behind you."

My heart skipped a beat. Alone with Nico. Already my chest was pounding. Will he talk at all? Should I just act cool, or should I be goofy? My imagination was running wild.

Once everyone was out, Nico and I set to picking up the trash and spraying down the lockers.

"This sucks man," Nico complained as he sprayed cleaner onto the blue metal of the locker doors.

"Yeah I know dude," I replied. Below my shorts, my dick was struggling to upright itself. For the next few minutes, we cleaned in silence. Fuck, why doesn't he talk?

"Hey, this is random, but you've gotten so much bigger since the beginning of the season. Your biceps are, like, bigger than mine now."

"Thanks," I managed. I could feel my face reddening. "You're still in wicked good shape though, I dunno if I could catch up to you."

"Nah man, you could be just as good as me if you wanted." He set down the rag and bottle of clearner. "Can I feel your bicep?"

"Sure," I squeaked, pulling back my shirt sleeve as I flexed by arm. Nico came over and gripped the muscle. As he did, I popped a boner.

"Shit man, that's hard," Nico said. Glancing down, he noticed the bulge in my pants. "Damn, look what else on you is hard." Without warning, he reached and grabbed my dick. My entire lower body shuddered. I instinctively pulled back.

"What the fuck are you doing?" I gasped.

"Come on dude, I've noticed how you look at me," Nico replied, moving his face closer to mine. His shorts had tented. "I know you like me."

"I wanna fuck you so bad," I blurted out. My voice was shaking. Shit, what have I done?

For a moment, Nico grinned devilishly. Then, grasping my face with both hands, he kissed me hard on the lips. Whether we made out for sixty seconds or sixty minutes, I don't know. We just kissed and kissed, our tongues intertwining. I slipped a hand into Nico's pants and began stroking his big cock. His hands worked their away toward my backside and found my ass. After what seemed like an eternity, we broke off, both of us breathing heavily.

"Let's get out of these clothes," I said without hesitation.

"Fuck yeah," Nico replied, panting. He ripped off his shirt in one fluid motion, then yanked down his pants and boxers to expose his huge cut dick and hot bubble ass. In a few moments we were both butt naked. We made out some more, and somehow both of us ended up sprawled out on a wrestling mat on the floor. Nico was astride me, kissing my neck. Slowly, he made his way down my tight body, kissing my abs and nipples. Before long, he was down near my dick, which was hard as a rock and throbbing.

"Go on man," I urged softly. "Suck it."

And sucked he did. As he placed his pouty lips over my cock head, I threw back my head in ecstasy. Nico sucked hard, expertly working his tongue as he pleasured me with loud slurps. At one point, he even managed to deep throat all of my eight inches. He gagged slightly, but it felt so good that I nearly vomited in pure pleasure. I yanked on his curly, dirty blonde hair as he gently took my balls into his mouth. Before long I was close to exploding right into his throat, but I didn't want it to end this soon.

I pulled Nico off my cock and kissed his plump lips, which were glistening with pre-cum. "I'll suck on you now if you want," I told him.

"Yeah," Nico breathed, getting up into a kneeling position. I positioned myself right in front of his thick Italian sausage and began teasing the cock head with my tongue. I licked up and down his shaft like it was a Popsicle, savoring the taste of his sweaty meat in my mouth. When I went down on his dick all the way, Nico let out a soft moan. I relaxed my throat muscles and took his cock to the hilt, my nose brushing against his soft pubes. At that, Nico let out a sharp cry of pleasure.

It only took a few minutes to bring Nico to the brink, so we stopped for yet another make out session. As we kissed I reached around and began squeezing his bubbly arse. God, how I wanted to fuck that perfect butt of his. Giddy with desire, I gently moved a wet middle finger toward his hole. Nico moved away slightly, so I took the hint and backed off.

"I don't know about this man," Nico said hesitantly. "We don't have anything to lube up with."

"Yeah we do," I answered back. "Get on your hands and knees and I'll show you."

Nico obeyed, getting down on the mat and sticking his beautiful ass in the air. Parting his muscular cheeks, I dove in and buried my face into his ass crack. I ate out his pink hole like there was no tomorrow, jamming my tongue into every crevice. Nico squirmed around, moaning even louder than when I blew his dick. Once his ass was lubed up with my spit, I again started poking around with my finger. This time Nico didn't resist.

"God that feels nice," he moaned. "Keep doing that."

With his encouragement, I slipped a wet finger past his sphincter muscle and into his butthole. God what a tight ass. Soon I was using two fingers, then three. Nico was clearly enjoying the experience, groaning loudly.

"This feels so fucking good," Nico panted.

"I know how to make it feel better," I said as I slapped my hard cock against his tanned ass.

"I want your cock in my ass," Nico said. "I want you to fuck me."

I didn't need to be told twice. Reaching for my wallet, I grabbed out a condom and pulled it over my dick. I knew that I would need to be lubed up nicely, so I rubbed generous amounts of my own saliva up and down my shaft. I moved into position behind Nico, who was still on his hands and knees. For a minute I teased his ass with my cock and rubbed it along the length of his crack.

"I've wanted this for so long," I whispered into his ear as I pushed my cock head against his pink pleasure hole. At last his ass muscles relaxed and my cock head entered Nico's hole with a soft pop. Nico whimpered in pain and pleasure as his perfect bubble butt engulfed my dick. At first I moved in and out slowly so that I could get him nice and loose. It was a struggle not to cum then and there.

"FUCK ME MATT!" Nico yelled out suddenly. "FUCK ME HARD!"

I grabbed Nico's ass and pumped into him harder and faster, his muscular bubble butt rippling with each thrust. Both of us were yelling out in pleasure as the sound of flesh slapping flesh filled the room. It was pure ecstasy. Nico was especially vocal as I slammed him.

"FUCK ME MATTY, OH FUCK ME, FUCK MY ASS," Nico cried out as I gave him my cock.

Eventually we switched positions so that he could ride me cowboy style. He took my dick like a champ, bouncing up and down while I got a nice view of his sweet abs. We fucked in around half a dozen positions before Nico ended up on his back. I held one of his legs up in the air with my left hand as I jerked him off with my right.

"I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum, aww FUCK!"

Nico's cock opened up onto his chest, coating his abs and pecs with semen. As he came, his ass muscles contracted around my cock. The feeling of his cock pulsating in my hand while his asshole tightened around my cock was beyond pleasure. With that, I lost it. I quickly yanked my cock out of his butt and tore off the condom. Without even asking permission, I busted all over his face. Ribbon after ribbon of cum shot from my dick in the most intense orgasm I had ever experienced. Nico was clearly in shock, but he didn't attempt to move away as my semen soaked his pouty pink lips and ran down his cleft chin. I was screaming in pleasure as my nuts emptied all over his hot face. When at last I finished, Nico took my still hard dick into his mouth and squeezed out every last drop of my man juice. Smiling, he licked the cum from his plump lips and swallowed the creamy treat. I seized hold of him and kissed him deeply.

"That was fucking amazing," I said, flopping back onto the mat.

"We're doing that again," Nico answered with enthusiasm. "And next time I'm gonna get a piece of you." He slapped my ass.

"Fuck yeah, anything you want man," I breathed, kissing him lightly on the ear. "So long as it's just as fucking intense." I rolled back on top of him, and our lips met once more.