 I walked into the bar and surveyed the scene. At first, it was just the usual crowd. A few older guys sitting in a booth with some wine. A few young twinks obviously trying to pick up some sugar daddies. A few people were dancing. A few people doing shots. And then I saw him. The shock of it sent shivers down my spine and gave me an instant hard on. Trent. I couldn't believe he was here. He was the last guy in the world I ever expected to find in a gay bar on a Friday night. But he was here, standing less than twenty feet from me.

I had first noticed Trent on a flight to the remote work camp location where we both had worked. He was seated several rows away from me, and could not keep my eyes off of his fantastic bulging muscles and the colourful tattoo protruding out of his designer polo shirt. A few months later, I was able to start interacting with him on a professional level and I became more and more attracted. I nicknamed him "Perfect," which seemed appropriate considering how incredible he was. I was always too shy to see if he was even remotely curious, and he had recently taken a job at another site.

But now he was here, on my turf. But why was he here? Could he actually be gay? Or was he just here with a friend? Did he not know it was a gay bar? My mind was flooded with all these thoughts. I was flustered, trying to figure out what I should do. I could approach him, or pretend to run into him, or just leave. But this was the chance of a lifetime – Perfect was here and he was standing at the bar, all alone! Before I could actually decide what to do, I realized I was walking toward him.

"Trent?" I said, excitedly, pretending I had just noticed him as I approached the bar to order a drink. The look of surprise on his face was priceless. In that moment, I wasn't sure if he was glad to see me, horrified to see me, or just surprised to see me. But I didn't care, because now I knew that my Perfect was standing there, right in front of me, and he wasn't running away!

"I was just thinking of leaving, actually," he said. "But now that you're here I'm going to stay. I'll buy, you like rum & coke?" I just about fainted with elation. It felt like a dream, and if it was, I did not want it to ever end.

"Why don't you go grab us a booth and I'll get the drinks," he said, leaning in close and putting his hand on my arm. As he leaned in, I got a fantastic whiff of his cologne, and his touch sent more shivers up and down my entire body. 

I grabbed us a booth over in a secluded corner, and he quickly joined me. Instead of sitting across the table as I expected, he sat right beside me, almost touching me. I was still a little nervous, and I think he could sense it as we talked. He leaned over, hovered his mouth over my ear and whispered, "Relax, I like you. I've liked you for a long time, and I am so glad you're here." This sent my hormones into overdrive, and magically I was able to relax. He put his arm around me, and I shifted over to get more comfortable. I nestled into his warm, muscular body and we talked and laughed for a while. After a few more rounds, he asked if I wanted to get out of there. I agreed, and we quickly got our coats and left.

It was a chilly night, and after walking around for a few minutes, I took a deep breath and asked Trent if we would like to come to my condo, which was only a few blocks from where we were. 

"I thought you'd never ask," he quipped, putting his muscular arm around me as we continued to walk.

When we got up to my place, I asked him if he'd like a drink. He replied with a simple "not really," grabbed me and started kissing my neck. 

"You smell fantastic," he said as he turned me to face him, and began kissing me passionately. "This is my first time with a guy, so please be patient." 

I was extremely turned on by his admission that this was his first time, and told him I would do everything I could to make sure it was an amazing experience. We agreed we both wanted to go slow and make it last.

He started unbuttoning my shirt while continuing to passionately kiss me. When my shirt was off, he quickly removed his, revealing his huge pecs and rippling abs. I ran my hands over the smooth skin of his entire upper body as I made my way to his now-bulging jeans. I undid the button, slowly slid down the zipper, revealing the most beautiful cock I had ever seen. Huge and perfectly proportioned, with a gorgeous mushroom head and a long, veiny shaft. I quickly put my mouth around as much of it as I could, and he moaned with pleasure. I sloppily wet the entire length of his nine- inch member, and began stroking with my hand as my mouth took care of the head. After a few minutes of orally enjoying his glorious cock, I stopped, and removed his pants and boxers. There he stood, completely naked and in my apartment. I still couldn't believe it. I started kissing him again, this time leading him to my bedroom. I had an amazing view of downtown, and was far enough away from any other buildings that I never needed to shut the curtains. 

"Time for you to get naked," Trent said with a smile. 

I smiled, and invited him to undress me as he saw fit. He wasted no time with my undershirt. He smiled when he saw my hairy chest. His mouth immediately went to my nipples, which by now were hard as if I was naked outside in January. While he was still licking and nibbling my nipples, he reached down and retrieved my hardened cock from my pants. He spit on his hand and began stroking while still paying oral attention to my chest and nipples. After a while, he resumed his task of undressing me. Off came my pants and my boxer briefs. He rubbed his hands down the length of my body; back and front, then pulled me close.

"I love chest hair!" he exclaimed. "It feels even better than I had fantasized." We kissed for a while longer, and then he shimmied me over to the bed, threw me down, and quickly started servicing me with his warm mouth. I felt like I had died and gone to heaven. I don't think that my cock had ever been that hard in my entire life. And after a few minutes of sheer ecstasy, I began to wonder if Trent had been telling the truth of never having been with a guy before, as his skill level seemed exceptionally high. I didn't care, because it was the most amazing blow job I had ever received. I laid back on the bed, and Trent's hands began rubbing my chest as his head bobbed up and down, up and down. I ran my hands through his soft blond hair.

As he enjoyed me, I realized I would soon explode. I asked him to slow down a little, and he began long, slow strokes of his tongue from the base right to the tip. Then he licked my balls, taking them all in his mouth. I'm sure my eyes were rolling back in my head! I asked him where he would like me to cum when it was time. After pondering it for a few moments, he replied that he wanted to swallow. 

"Well then get to it!" I said with a sly smile. He resumed his milking, and a few moments later I let out a loud moan, and my load began shooting out. I think the shock of the explosion startled him, so I placed my hands gently but firmly on the back of his head. When I was finally able to think again, I let go on his head, and he flopped down on the bed net to me. He kissed me, the remnants of my load still around his lips. 

"How was your first load?" I asked between kisses.

He sighed, and simply replied "Absolutely amazing!"

I leaned over to the bedside table, opened the drawer and took out the bottle of lube. He smiled like a kid on Christmas morning, flipped me over on my front and, to my complete surprise, started rimming me! His tongue, still wet from my blow job, was now working its way into my tight hole. I squealed with delight like a little schoolgirl, but I couldn't resist. My squealing went to moaning and his tongue penetrated the entrance to my ass. I was still in heaven. I lost all sense of time as he worked my hole, his warm wet tongue entering and exiting me. Next, he began to finger me, my warm hole sopping wet from his saliva. 

"Do you like that?" he asked innocently. 

"More than I could ever tell you," I replied between moans.

"I can tell you're pretty tight, and I'm pretty big, so I want to make sure you're ready," he explained as if this was my first time as well. I smiled at his innocence and assured him he was doing fantastic.

His fingers were long, and he wasn't shy about getting them in as far as he could. All of a sudden, he stopped, four fingers shoved as far up my ass as they would go. He rested there for a few seconds, and then pulled out. He grabbed the bottle of lube, but I told him to wait – I wanted to taste his cock again before sex. He laid down on the bed, and I went to work on his beautiful piece of meat. I once again took that massive mushroom head into my mouth, licking and sucking. He tasted so good, so manly, so...perfect. But now, I wanted all of him inside me. I poured lube directly onto his cock, and slowly rubbed it all over. His head went back and he moaned intensely. When his cock was sufficiently lubed, I got on all fours and told him I was ready.

He did a quick fingering of my hole for good measure, then set to work inserting his massive dick inside of me. At first he was very cautious and slow, but when he realized how hungry my ass was for his cock, he sped up his insertion. The initial shooting pain was almost more than I could handle. But I immediately remembered who was fucking me, and then I smiled, put my head down on a pillow and began moaning. It's amazing to me how something that can hurt so much can feel so incredibly good. 

He managed to get his whole shaft inside of me, left it there for a few seconds, and then started thrusting away. The pounding felt so good I squealed and moaned and yelled out his name. He slapped the side of my ass as he fucked, pounding away like there was no tomorrow. As he fucked me, his beautiful dangling balls slapped against me like the waves on a rocky shoreline. He alternated between hard fast pounding and slow, sensual lovemaking. It was beautiful.

"I need to see your gorgeous face," he exclaimed all of a sudden, pulled out, and flipped me over on my back. I raised my legs up and before I knew it, he had my ankles in his hands and was back to thrusting. The pain finally subsided, and complete pleasure took over. I watched him as he thrusted, his long member smoothly penetrating the entirety of my ass. I didn't want it to end, but could tell by the expression on his face that he was getting close.

I started jerking myself, hoping that maybe we could cum together. He took turn for a few seconds, but then it was clear he was going to blow his load and put his hands on either side of my body. I frantically jerked while he thrusted and then it happened. I felt his huge load shoot out of him and into me. The look on his beautiful face was priceless. His orgasm lasted a considering length of time, and I continued to jerk myself, still hoping to cum. He slowly removed his cock from inside of me, and before I had a chance to realize what he was doing, his mouth was back around my cock, and in a few seconds I exploded. This orgasm was way more intense than the first, and he swallowed my whole load again. While he was doing that, he began to rub my hole, which was now oozing with his precious man juice. When I was sufficiently drained, he laid down right beside me, holding me tight with his huge, muscular arms. He kissed me over and over and over, as if he couldn't get enough. 

"That was .... I can't even put words on what that was. All I know is if I had have known it could be that amazing, I would have done it years earlier," he whispered into my ear. I simply kissed him and told him he was amazing. We fell asleep shortly after that, and I had the best sleep of my life, sleeping securely in the strong arms of Trent. 

I woke as soon as the sun rose. I looked over at Trent, and was so happy I hadn't dreamt the amazing night. I rubbed his chest lightly, and he woke up, saw me, smiled and said good morning.

"Do you like morning sex?" I asked. He smiled, and before he could say anything, I was lubing him up. I climbed on top of him and rode his cock until I was full of him cum again. 

Trent certainly lived up to his nickname. Perfect in every way.