 I stir early in the morning, curled up next to him. His svelte cocoa body slumbers still. I feel like the luckiest man in the world, having this sweet caring man lying in bed beside me night after night. I snuggle close, looking at his handsome face that is still wrapped in sleep. I circle his dime size nipple with my finger, engrossed with the feel of his body. To me, he is my fantasy man. None other can come close.

My hand drifts down his taunt stomach. I'm embolden as my hand finds his morning excitement, so plump and full that it begs for attention. I want to show him my appreciation for him being mine, show him the lust and desire that I have for him. I want to show him that no other will ever be man enough to usurp him.

I pull back the covers to expose his nude body. His cock reaches up towards the sky ready to blast off atop of the golf ball smooth balls below it. I move my way down between his legs, spreading them gently as not to disturb him as I nuzzle his crotch, inhaling his musky scent. I'm intoxicated by him and his smell. I have no choice now.

I give the smooth orbs a tentative lick, ensuring I do not wake him. Then I take one ball then the other and I lavish them with my tongue, feeling each one. I thoroughly bath them in my mouth. His sack is so full, even after the marathon we had the night before. I can feel them churning in my mouth as I move from one to the other.

He grumbles, but remains asleep as I flick my tongue up and down his thick manhood. His taste coats my tongue. I finally take the tip in my mouth and nurse from his fountain. I swirl my tongue around the tip, massaging it with caresses of tenderness as I slowly take inch after inch into me till he's in my throat, my nose is inhaling the fragrance of his manhood.

I bob slowly up and down, mapping his thick soda can of a cock with my tongue. I trace the bumps, ridges and veins as his mushroom head feeds me his godly juices. I savor the tastes on my tongue and greedily swallow it down as a gift from him to me. A gift only to me. For as much as I am only his, he is only mine.

I'm there, worshiping at his alter, slowly, methodically swallowing him whole time after time. With each gulp of him into my gullet, I flex my throat muscle to massage and sooth the fever heat of his pulsating flesh in me. Even as he slumbers, I can tell he's enjoying it as he adorns my throat with his primal fluids. He is marking his territory in the most enjoyable way.

I'm drunk with lust and desire for him. I can bare it no more. I slowly allow him to leave my mouth. His cock is glistening with a mix of our fluids. I carefully straddle him. I lower myself onto him, still primed from the night before. I guide him to me, filling me once again. We become one body once, again as I nestle on him, feeling him deep inside me.

I slowly rise and lower myself, quieting my moans as I ride him. I'm doing my best to not wake him as he pleasures me in his sleep. The sexual high I am on has me whimpering like the slut bottom I am for him. For only him. My eyes are closed as I feel the warm pleasures spreading from my bottom coursing through me. I don't even notice the touch of his hands on my thighs.

He's starting to thrust up to meet my downward bounce. His hands are moving up my body. I smile at his touch and look down at his eyes filled with carnal desire. I lean down for a kiss as we continue to meet in the middle. Our tongues intertwine as he brings his arms around me to hold me close. He rolls me over onto my back. He knows what he wants, which is what I want, to feel him in me.

He's grinding into my ass with precision. He knows how to hit that spot just right in me. I'm moaning with pleasure as he takes control. His speed picks up. He's thrusting into me with abandonment, stroking me from the inside out. I know he is close as he nibbles my lip. My arms are wrapped around him, my nails digging into him, trying to draw him further into me.

With a triumphant roar, I feel his controlled explosion smother my insides with his precious cream. He leans down and kisses me. As our lips touch, it becomes just too much for me and volley after volley bursts from me, coating both our bellies. He strokes my hair, slowly sliding from me. "You're so beautiful." He whispers.

I go to respond, but then things fade away. I stir lightly in my bed, sticky and warm. I reach beside me for the man that is only there in my dreams. The one that only visits me in my fantasies. I want to scream with annoyance as yet again I awake alone, tormented by my own mind. "Maybe I'll see him out this weekend." I rationalize to myself. "This time I'll talk to him." I lie to myself before starting my day.