 Their bedroom's available light subdued by thick closed drapes, Don stirred from a deep slumber, awakened not by sound, it was a quiet Sunday morning. His heavy eyelids fluttered open, momentarily remembering the dream of being on a raft surrounded by water. The urgent need to pee painfully prompted the naked man to awaken. 

Curled up next to his man, he swung his legs around, stood on the deep carpeting and stretched like a cat. "Just like a typical man", he thought looking at the sprawled torso taking up half the bed. Don drank in the sight of Paul's long, curly brown hair splayed against the pillowcase, toned, muscular arms and legs akimbo and mouth half open, carelessly zonked out. Only his feet were covered under their red satin sheets.

Don loved to secretly stare at Paul's nakedness while he was deep in sleep but the bathroom beckoned, so Don padded silently into the adjacent room, casually emptying his screaming bladder with great relief. Shaking himself, Don realized how sore his anus was, recollecting how Paul had roughly pounded into him. Hadn't he asked for that attention?

He smiled into the mirror at his tousled hair and the dark hickey near his collarbone, silently giggling, "Did he ask for that also?" Don swished a capful of Listerine and spat into the sink, wiping his lips with the dark blue hand towel. His arm muscles felt sore, as he lightly touched his nipple's morning crinkle. 

The thought of going back to sleep was quickly erased; Don had something better in mind.

Reaching into the medicine cabinet, he retrieved the bottle of sensual massage oil, its tangerine flavour was agreeably tasty and sinfully worked wonders on every area of skin and this morning it would be Paul's unsuspecting penis.

Dawn was an hour away as Don slowly walked to the edge of the king sized bed, his mind's camera flicking away at the peaceful naked man, exposed for his delight. His hairy, masculine chest, the whitened skin around his crotch, the freckles near his nose, knees, biceps...he'd save the images.

He squeezed a liberal amount onto his hand, filling his palm with the sweet oil before gently easing onto the bed, carefully lying next to his lover who didn't move a muscle.

Don's hand leisurely hovered atop Paul's genitals, his fingers sprinkling the warmed oil along his tumescent penis. He waited for a reaction but there wasn't one.

Don's index finger carefully reached down, spreading oil over Paul's delicate mushroom-shaped head which caused a miniscule stir. As his finger smoothed along the shrunken penis, Paul sighed while Don watched in wonderment as balls rolled up inside the crinkled sack. 

Holding his breath, Don patiently waited a few seconds before pouring more of the liquid into his hand, continuing to anoint his lover's member. Three fingers now began to massage the inviting scrotum and along the sides of a growing shaft.

Paul's right knee imperceptibly twitched and he mumbled something quite incoherent.

Don smiled as his fingers easily wrapped around the girth, a perfect fit.

With the greatest of care, Don's oiled digits gripped Paul's cock, using a slow, masturbating motion, moving the slick skin up and down. It started to really grow and Don felt the power, the power to make his lover hard, even when asleep. 

Paul was at his mercy as Don watched Paul's dick inflate as his fingers relentlessly controlled the blood coursing through it.

Paul's head lolled to the side and Don purposely removed his hand from Paul's cock. The glistening erection plopped back onto the thick mane of reddish pubic hair, pulsating at full attention and Don selfishly wondered what he could be dreaming.

It was a maze...a freaking labyrinth...this one story motel that seemed to stretch on and on. And how the hell did I get up here in New Hampshire? I just wanted to go to the beach and now I'm searching...where is he? He flirted with me, back by the pool, coal black eyes, tiny swim suit, beautiful ass and he stuck his tongue out at me. Daring me...no wonder I'm roaming around these halls with a hardon looking for his room.

Grasping his hardon, Don was delighted at its thickness. His masculine fingers could barely fit around the pole. 

He drizzled more of the oil into his hand. The cock's real estate had enlarged and tightened to its full seven inches. He loved playing with him, secretly wishing that he could play with Paul for hours, eliciting such pleasure. Don's fingers found a rhythm, stroking the massive shaft, gliding and smearing the lubricant. Paul's hips uncontrollably lurched upwards into the slickness and Don again purposely removed his hand.

Christ...I'm buck naked. What if someone sees me? Do I really care? 234...236...238...I can't seem to remember the number on that red plastic key he flashed. Hold on. Wasn't he with a girl? They looked like they were married or...here it is. 238, yeah. Knock, knock. He's naked. His kisses are wet and wanton. I can smell his scent. We're on the bed and my cock is practically dripping. His name is Michael and he looks at me asking, "Aren't you afraid...that we'll get caught? Not in this dream Michael...c'mon...roll over...please?" 

Don cupped Paul's balls; gently squeezing, knowing Paul liked that type of attention, his own heart beating quicker, his own penis stirring. He spilled two more droplets on the sensitive underside, adding to the already very shiny penis. Don's thumb and index finger encircled the base of Paul's prick, gripping tightly, momentarily cutting off circulation; the prominent blue veins swelling out. Lustfully he ogles Paul's enormous cock, like a Greek god's made of marble. Don's wet tongue lewdly licked along the length, tasting his tangerine manhood. 

Asleep, Paul moans aloud and again Don teased his lover, removing his hand from Paul's cock.

Can't remember being this horny. God I need to fuck, need release. Michael's a great kisser, his tongue is sweet and he's whispering in my ear. "You make me so hot. Why can't you be single?" I'm stabbing my prick near his buttocks. Why the hell can't I find his asshole? It's so near...so close...please?

He stared. Paul's ass was moving, as if he were fucking someone or trying to. He was close, Don knew that. The tip of Paul's cock was dark red, almost magenta. 

Carefully now, Don positioned himself between Paul's legs. His left hand neatly fitting under a slick ball sack, the fingers of his right hand swirling around Paul's erection, hot to the touch.

"I'm not going to let go this time..."He whispered barely audible in the hushed room. 

The desire to crawl up and impale himself on this beautiful monster was almost overwhelming. 

Paul's face flushed as Don's oiled hand pistoned up and down the hard cock, Paul's chest rose and fell, their combined laboured breathing, somehow synchronized. Don's wrist was tireless, bringing Paul closer and closer.

Ahh. There it is. I'm finally inside you. Oh yes. Your ass muscles are milking me...you're so sweet! I'm fucking you, oh god you're tight! Don't stop...I need to cum...I'm going to cum...

Don loved all of him, unconditionally. Don felt the power of Paul's orgasm begin to build, the tightness in his balls, his skin reddening and he controlled it. Hard as a rock, his towering erection swelled within his tight slick grasp. Don's cock head leaked onto his ankle stroking him expertly. 

Paul gripped the nearby sheet and his eyes fluttered open as the first searing wave of pure pleasure wound through his stunned body and their eyes met, their souls touching.

"Don! Ohh...fuck-k-k..." Witnessing his delightful shock, Don calmly slowed his strokes, staring at Paul's unabashed passion kindling. A thick rope of white, silky cum forcefully shot into mid air, landing onto his tightened stomach, his entire torso stiffened like his penis, sinews stretching, rolling in ecstasy. 

"Ohh....my god...argggggggh-h-h-h-h-h!" He bellowed. 

Don's unceasing oily fingers brought forth every ounce of cum, sending him into a crescendo of exhilaration. He squeezed his balls, pushing him, wanting it all. 

He deliriously spurts again and again, cascading over Don's fingers, wedging himself against the mattress. Unable to speak, he groaned unashamed. It seemed the room was spinning and he gulped deep breaths as the content, sought after release bounced around his insides.

"Fuck. Oh fuck...Don. What a..." 

"What a way...to start the day? Is that what you're trying to say? Did I send you...somewhere?" He smiled down at his spent man, milking the last remnant of sperm, sensing his lovely surrender. Don brought his fingers to his mouth, licking the froth of Paul's manly essence.

"Mmm...you're sweet. Did anyone ever tell you that?" He winked, licking his lips and stretched out along Paul's side. Don rubbed his chest, nestling under an outstretched arm.

"I love you...I always have..." He purred happily.

"Man, oh man. You're the best...you know that? And I love you so much...so much..." His eyes were already closed.

~To Be Continued~