 Peter Halifax raised his hand and waved when he saw Aldo Hernandez enter the bar. 

"Aldo!" He said loudly, trying to get his friend's attention, "over here!"

Aldo saw peter and crossed the bar to Peter's table. The two men shook hands and Aldo sat down.

"Usual?" Peter asked as he got up from his seat.

"That would be lovely," Aldo replied.

Peter navigated his way through the throng and leaned on the bar. He bought a gin and tonic and returned to the table, setting it down in front of Aldo.

"Cheers," said Aldo as he raised the glass to his lips.

The two men exchanged pleasantries for a minute or so, catching up on what they had been up to since they last met.

"Do you still have the ear of the prince?" Peter asked.

"Yes," replied Aldo, "very much so. I guessed that you wanted to talk about him. I assume you have some new weapon you want his family to buy."

"No," replied Peter, "but I do have something that might interest him."

* * * * * * * * *

"This had better be worth it," said Aldo as Peter stopped his car in front of a large scruffy house in mid Wales, "I can't see the prince coming to this old pile, he would most likely just turn on his heel and leave as soon as he clapped eyes on it."

"But if you told him it was worth it," said Peter, "he would give it a chance."

"Come on then, persuade me."

Peter led Aldo to the house, put a key in the front door and let them both inside.

"She's in the basement," he told his friend as he led him to the stairs.

* * * * * * * * *

Aldo found himself standing in front of a large transparent box containing four examination tables connected to a jungle of wires. Several people were in the room in which the box stood and were attending to monitors and electrical apparatus on benches positioned around it.

"Rufus," said Peter to one of the people, "may I introduce Aldo Hernandez."

"Hello Mr. Hernandez," said the man Peter addressed as Rufus, "I am Rufus Katz, I'm very pleased to meet you."

"Please, call me Aldo."

"Well, Aldo," said Rufus, pointing to the box, "this is Sharon. Has peter explained how things happen?"

"Basically," answered Aldo, "you are going to put me to sleep along with somebody else and we will have a shared dream."

"Yes," chuckled Rufus, "that's all it is, a shared dream."

"Are you going to share my dream, Peter?" Aldo asked his friend.

"No Aldo," Peter replied, "I have asked somebody else to do that. Would you like to meet them?"

"Er, yes," answered Aldo, a note of hesitation in his voice.

"Here they are," said Rufus.

Two young men walked towards Aldo. One had blond hair and blue eyes, he was a tall young man with broad shoulders and a slim waist. The other had curly jet black hair and brown eyes, was slightly shorter than his companion, but still the same athletic build.

"Oh my," said Aldo, "who are you two?"

"Hello," said the blond as he held out his hand in greeting, "my name is Kurt and this is Robbie."

"Pleased to meet you," said Aldo as he shook Kurt's hand, "and you too, Robbie," as he shook Robbie's, "I am Aldo."

"If you would like to get ready," said Rufus, "we can begin."

* * * * * * * *

The three men lay on the tables. They wore hospital gowns and had pudding bowl shaped helmets on their heads. Wires had been connected to various parts of their bodies which led out of the box to the equipment which surrounded it.

"Relax," said Rufus as he walked out of the box, "relax and enjoy."

Aldo closed his eyes and felt himself drift off to sleep.

* * * * * * *

Aldo entered the club and walked to the bar. He looked around as he waited for his drink to be poured. All the tables were occupied and a couple entertained the drinkers by dancing a tango to music provided by a small band.

"Hello," said the young man who was standing next to him at the bar, "I haven't seen you here before."

"I have not been here for a while," replied Aldo.

"Well, I'm glad you decided to come tonight," said the young man, "I'm Robbie, what's your name?"

"Aldo."

"Pleased to meet you Aldo."

"Are you here on your own?"

"I'm waiting for someone."

"Someone special?"

"Mmm, yes, very special. Oh look, he's here!"

Aldo looked towards the door and saw that a young blond haired man had just walked in. Butterflies began to flutter in his stomach and he felt a tingling sensation in his testicles.

"He's very handsome," said Aldo.

"He's more than that," replied Robbie, "he's beautiful."

The young man noticed Robbie and came over to him.

"You're here," he said to Robbie.

"Was there ever any doubt that I would be?" Robbie asked in reply.

"Who is this?" The young man asked, looking at Aldo.

"I'm sorry," said Robbie, "Kurt, this is Aldo. Aldo this is my friend Kurt."

Aldo shook Kurt's hand. The two men smiled at each other as they gripped each other's hands.

"And how do you two know each other?" Kurt asked.

"Oh," replied Robbie, chuckling, "I have just picked Aldo up, I know nothing about him."

"Tell us about yourself then Aldo," said Kurt.

"I was born here, in Buenos Aires, almost thirty years ago. I like to swim and dance, and I enjoy good food."

"Typical of you Robbie," said Kurt, "going after an older man."

"Well, at least this one is only eight years older than us," said Robbie.

"Is this something you two do on a regular basis then, pick up older men?"

"Not as often as we would like to," said Robbie.

"Tell me about yourselves then," said Aldo, "What are a German and a Britisher doing together when their countries are at war?"

"Our nations might be in conflict," said Kurt as he put his arm around Robbie's waist, "but we aren't."

'Go on,' thought Aldo as he saw the look his two young friends were giving each other, 'kiss him.'

As if Kurt had read Aldo's thoughts, he leaned towards Robbie and kissed him, open mouthed. Robbie responded by putting his hands on Kurt's arms and giving them a squeeze. Kurt put his hand behind Robbie's head and rubbed his black curly hair. The sight of them embracing made Aldo's penis stiffen in his trousers.

"Would you like a kiss?" Asked Robbie after Kurt took his mouth away from his.

"Yes," replied Aldo.

"Which one of us would you like to kiss?" Asked Kurt.

"I don't care," croaked Aldo, his mouth as dry as his penis was wet with pre cum.

"I'll go first," said Robbie as he moved close to Aldo, put his hand behind Aldo's head and pulled him to his mouth.

Aldo let out a muffled moan of pleasure as he felt the younger man's tongue enter his mouth and wriggle around, playing with his own tongue. He could feel the bulge in Robbie's trousers pressing against the one in his own.

"I think we should finish our drinks and go somewhere," said Kurt as he watched his friend kissing their new acquaintance.

"Lydia's apartment is empty," said Robbie as he pulled his mouth from Aldo's, "she is away for a few days and told me that I can use it."

"That sounds like a good idea, what do you think Aldo?" Asked Kurt.

"Perfect," Aldo replied.

* * * * * * * *

Thirty minutes later, Robbie showed Kurt and Aldo into the apartment in question. The three men walked across the entrance hall and into a large tastefully furnished living room.

"Who is Lydia?" Aldo asked Robbie.

"She works at the embassy with me. Well, I work for her really, she's my superior, but we get along fine and she doesn't mind me using this place when she is away."

"It is very nice," said Aldo.

"Drink?" Asked Robbie, "she told me to make myself feel at home, so I shall."

Robbie opened a bottle of wine and poured three glasses. 

"Oh Kurt," he said as he turned to hand out the drinks and saw Kurt and Aldo kissing, "you seem to have taken over where I left off."

Robbie put the drinks on a small table that was to one side of the room and began to undress while his friend snogged Aldo. He placed his clothes tidily on a chair and then walked over and stood behind Aldo. 

"Turn around," he said as he stood there.

Kurt opened his eyes, looked over Aldo's shoulder and smiled as he saw Robbie's naked body. He pulled his mouth away from Aldo's and span him round.

"Oh my," said Aldo as he feasted his eyes on Robbie's large erection.

"How do I look?" Robbie asked.

"Beautiful," answered Aldo as he sank to his knees and opened his mouth.

Robbie took a pace forward and offered his cock to Aldo, who wrapped his fingers around the shaft, pulled back the foreskin and took the glans between his lips. Robbie groaned with pleasure as Aldo stimulated him expertly.

"Is he sucking?" Kurt asked.

Robbie nodded in reply, clenching his fists and gently thrusting his hips, pushing a little bit more of his cock inside Aldo's mouth.

"Does it feel nice?"

"Mmmm, yes it does."

As Aldo fellated Robbie, Kurt stripped off his clothes, folding them neatly and putting them on another chair in the room. He kept his eyes turned towards his friend, enjoying watching him being pleasured by Aldo.

"Oh!" Exclaimed Robbie, "I'm coming!"

Aldo was ready for him and took all he shot without blinking. As Robbie squirted his hot sticky cum into Aldo's mouth, he swallowed it down, all the while sucking gently and wanking Robbie's cock shaft.

"Uh! Uh! Uh!" Grunted Robbie as he felt the exquisite sensation of shooting out a huge load.

Eventually, Robbie's cock softened and Aldo took his mouth away. Robbie turned and flopped down onto the sofa which was next to where he had been standing. Aldo wiped his lips with his finger tips, stuck them in his mouth and sucked them dry, all the while smiling at Robbie.

"Was I any good?" Aldo asked.

"You were wonderful," Robbie replied.

"Get undressed," Kurt told Aldo, "I want to see your body."

Aldo stood up and removed his clothes. Kurt and Robbie watched intently as he gradually exposed himself to them. They both let out little gasps when they saw the size of his penis.

"Oh look Kurt," said Robbie, "he is a big boy, isn't he?"

"Mmm, yes," Kurt replied, "do you think it will all fit inside you?"

"I don't know, but I'm willing to find out."

With that, Robbie rolled over, slid forward and knelt on the floor, his chest resting on the sofa. He arched his back, presenting his ass.

"Shall I get the lube?" Asked Kurt.

"Yes please," replied Robbie.

Kurt produced a tube of KY, removed the top, squeezed some onto his fingers, put them to his friend's ass hole and applied some of the sticky gel.

"Put your fingers in me," Robbie told him, "to get me ready for Aldo."

The sight of Kurt preparing his friend to receive his cock was making Aldo pant with lust. His heart began to race and pre cum dripped from his cock like it was a leaking tap.

"Go on," Kurt whispered to Aldo as he pulled his fingers from Robbie's ass hole, "put it in him."

Once again, Aldo sank to his knees, this time to shuffle forward and push his cock into Robbie's ass. He peeled back his foreskin, held his glans to Robbie's puckered ring and thrust forward gently.

"Ooooh, yes," moaned Robbie as he felt Aldo invade his body.

"Uh," grunted Aldo as he felt Robbie's ass yield to him.

Aldo pushed more of his cock inside Robbie with each thrust and before long Robbie had eight inches of thick pink sausage lodged in his rectum. He pushed back as Aldo pushed forward, loving the feeling of being filled with cock.

"Suck me while you fuck him," Kurt said as he stood beside Aldo and offered his cock to the Argentinian.

Aldo turned his head and opened his mouth. Kurt peeled back his foreskin and pushed his glans between Aldo's lips.

"Oh Kurt," said Robbie, "he feels so big inside me, it's wonderful."

"Mmmm," replied Kurt, "he does suck well, doesn't he?"

Aldo pumped his cock in and out of Robbie whilst sucking greedily on Kurt's hot hard cock. He held Robbie by his waist and squeezed his soft flesh as he fucked him.

"I'm coming Aldo," Kurt told him, "are you ready?"

"Mmmm," replied Aldo as he let go of Robbie with his right hand and finished Kurt off by wanking him rapidly.

"Oh fuck yes!" Cried Kurt as being wanked and sucked brought him to the end, his cock spewing a vast amount of cum which flooded Aldo's mouth.

"Oh Aldo!" Cried Robbie as he felt Aldo's cock throb and squirt a load up his colon.

"FUUUUCK!" Shouted Aldo as he took his mouth away from Kurt's still squirting cock and threw his head back.

"Oh dear," chuckled Kurt as he saw his cum running out of Aldo's mouth and down his chin, "you've spilt some."

"He's still coming in me, Kurt," said Robbie as Aldo's body went limp and he fell forward onto Robbie's back.

"Is there a lot?" Asked Kurt.

"It seems like it," replied Robbie, "my innards must be full of his seed."

"Oh God," mumbled Aldo, "oh God, oh God, oh God."

"I think he enjoyed that," said Kurt, chuckling again.

"Oh he did," said Aldo, "he definitely did."

Aldo pulled his cock from Robbie's ass and knelt back. Kurt took him by the hand and helped him to his feet. Aldo kissed the German softly on his lips and smiled at him, Kurt returned the smile. Robbie climbed back onto the sofa, turned around and sat. Kurt and Aldo flopped down on the sofa either side of him.

"That was the best sex I have ever had," Aldo told Robbie, "do you want to do me in return?"

"Mmm, yes," replied Robbie, "make me hard and I will fuck you."

Aldo shuffled away from Robbie a little bit, leaned down, opened his mouth and took Robbie's flaccid cock in it. Robbie sighed as he felt his new friend lick around his glans and wriggle the tip of his tongue in the little hole in the end of his cock. Kurt put his hand on Robbie's cheek, turned his face towards him and started to snog him. Robbie stretched his arms along the back of the sofa and relaxed, letting the two men do with him as they would.

"There," said Aldo as he took his mouth away after a few minutes, "he's nice and hard."

Kurt stopped kissing Robbie and looked on as Aldo got onto his hands and knees on the floor, presenting his ass for penetration.

"Let's just put some lube on you," said Robbie as he reached for the KY.

"Mmmm," said Aldo as he felt two lubed up fingers wriggle their way inside him.

"Now for the main event," said Robbie as he knelt behind Aldo, held his cock to Aldo's ring-piece and pushed.

"Oh Robbie," moaned Aldo, "oh yes."

Robbie began to fuck Aldo in his ass with long slow thrusts. Kurt slid off the sofa, knelt next to Aldo, reached under him and took his dangling cock in his hand. Aldo sighed with pleasure as he felt the German's fingers wrap themselves around his cock and begin to rub him up and down whilst Robbie's rock hard cock slid in and out of his ass.

"Is he tight?" Kurt asked.

"Mmmm," replied Robbie, "lovely and tight. But so yielding too. He is a nice fuck, just like you my darling."

"I like the feel of his cock," said Kurt, "I love the texture, all veiny and hard."

"Oh God," moaned Aldo, "I am going to come again."

Kurt looked down to see a river of white goo running from Aldo's cock which made a puddle on the rug under him.

"So am I," moaned Robbie as he began to ejaculate inside Aldo.

"Oh Robbie," Kurt admonished his friend playfully, "there won't be any left for me."

"Sorry," said Robbie, "perhaps later."

Robbie pulled out of Aldo and returned to the sofa. Kurt sat beside him and Aldo collapsed onto the rug with a very wide smile of satisfaction on his face.

"I'm glad you picked Aldo up," said Kurt, "he's fun, isn't he?"

"Yes he is," agreed Robbie, "a lot of fun."

* * * * * * * *

"How much to go in there again?" Asked Aldo as he was led from the box on unsteady legs, "I want to go in there again."

"So do I," said Kurt.

"Me too," said Robbie.

* * * * * * * 

"So," said Rufus to Aldo, "do you think the prince might be interested?"

"Once he has been in there," said Aldo, "he will pay any price to go back in, as would I."

"Good man," said Peter Halifax, patting Aldo on his back, "let's get him here then, shall we?"