 Rufus' house was a hive of activity. Masons, plumbers, roofers and other tradesmen swarmed over the main building, all engaged in restoring it to it's former glory.

"The prince kept his word," said Rufus, "the old place is looking much better already."

"Yes," said Aldo, who was standing beside him, "has he asked you to let me go back in again?"

"Yes Aldo, you can go back in. Do you want Kurt and Robbie to go with you?"

"Mmm, please."

"I shall get in touch with them. In the meantime have a look around at the old place and see how things are coming along."

* * * * * * * *

Aldo wandered around Rufus' large old country house. He was impressed by the transformation which was taking place, what was once a damp crumbling building was fast becoming an impressive mansion again.

"Oh, hello," said a young man as Aldo walked into one of the rooms under restoration, "are you here to decide on the colour?"

Aldo looked at him and felt his balls go all fuzzy, he was very good looking.

"No," Aldo replied, "I'm a friend of doctor Katz, he said I could look around."

"It's coming along well, isn't it?" said the young man as he stood up from the wall socket which he had been wiring up, put his hands on the small of his back and stretched himself, arching his back and thrusting his hips in a way that made Aldo's penis begin to stiffen.

"Are you o.k.?" Aldo asked him.

"Yes, I'm fine," he replied, "it's just being crouched down, my back gets a little tired."

"You need a massage," Aldo told him.

"Perhaps I do."

"What's your name?"

"Ludovic, what's yours?"

"Aldo."

"Well," said Ludovic, "that's me finished in this room, only ten more to do."

Ludovic picked up his tool bag and walked towards Aldo, who was standing in the doorway. They smiled at each other and Aldo moved aside to let Ludovic pass. Aldo inhaled deeply as Ludovic went by, hoping to catch his scent.

"It was nice to meet you," Ludovic said quietly as he walked slowly past Aldo.

Aldo was unable to reply, his mouth was so dry. He just nodded dumbly.

* * * * * * *

Aldo carried on wandering about the house, watching men and women plastering walls, painting woodwork, installing pipes, but he could not stop thinking about Ludovic. He found himself looking for him in each room he went into, hoping that he was in there wiring something up.

"It's all finished up there," one of the decorators told him as he walked towards the main staircase, "they're just fitting the last few lamps."

"Can I go up and look?" Aldo asked him.

"Be my guest," the woman replied.

Aldo went up the stairs slowly, willing Ludovic to be in one of the rooms but fearing that he would not be.

"Oh, hello again," Ludovic said as Aldo went into one of the bedrooms.

Aldo stopped and looked at him standing on a stepladder, hanging a chandelier on the ceiling.

"Don't let me interrupt you," Aldo told him.

Aldo looked him over as he stood on the ladder. He was about five-seven, with short light brown hair, almost but not quite blond. He was slim, not skinny, but he looked as if he had never worked out. Aldo noticed his hands as he positioned the chandelier, the fingers were fine-boned, almost feminine, but with short nails.

"Do you like what you see?" Ludovic asked as he finished hanging the chandelier and stood still on the ladder, looking down at Aldo.

"Er, yes," said Aldo, blushing, "I'm sorry, was I staring?"

"Just a bit," Ludovic replied, smiling at him.

"I'll go," said Aldo, turning away.

"No, don't," said Ludovic as he descended the ladder.

Aldo turned back to face Ludovic, who was walking towards him, smiling.

"It's a pity they haven't furnished this room yet," Ludovic said, "I bet they'll put a huge soft bed in here."

Aldo felt his penis stiffen again.

"Oy! Ludo!" Came a shout from outside of the room, "where have you go to?"

"That's my boss," said Ludovic, "I had better go and see what he wants."

Aldo's heart raced as Ludovic brushed his hand against his crotch as he walked past him. 

"Don't be a stranger," Ludovic said in a cheerful voice as he left the room.

* * * * * * * * * *

"Don't bother calling Kurt and Robbie," Aldo said to Rufus as he ran into the basement room, panting from having run all the way from the top floor, "I want someone else to go in with me."

* * * * * * * *

"I have something I need doing in a hurry," Rufus told Geoff the electrician, "is there any chance you could stay on for a while longer?"

"Sorry professor Katz," replied Geoff, "I really do have to get going. I tell you what, how about if I leave young Ludo to do it? He knows nearly as much as I do now and I'm sure he would be able to stay on. Can you get him home afterwards?"

"Would that be o.k. with you Ludovic?" Rufus asked the young apprentice.

"I guess so," replied Ludovic.

* * * * * * * *

"Forgive me for keeping you here under false pretences," Rufus said to Ludovic as they stood in front of the big transparent box in the basement, "but a friend of mine wanted me to show you this."

"Hello again," Aldo said as he entered the room, "I hoped you would stay."

* * * * * * * *

Only two of the four tables were occupied, one by Aldo and the other by Ludovic.

"Just relax and let Sharon take you on the most exciting journey of your life," Rufus told him as he placed the helmet on Ludovic's head.

* * * * * * * *

Aldo was very disappointed, Kurt and Robbie had promised to meet him in the club but had not shown up.

"Another scotch and soda?" The barman asked him as he leaned on the bar looking disconsolate.

"I might as well," replied Aldo, pushing the glass towards him.

"You look sad," said a voice from his right.

Aldo turned to see who had spoken. He felt butterflies flutter in his stomach when he saw, standing next to him, the most beautiful young man he had ever seen.

"I, I was supposed to be meeting someone," Aldo told the young man, "but they have not turned up."

"Their loss," the young man replied.

"Aldo," said Aldo, putting his hand out.

"Ludovic," the young man replied, taking Aldo's hand and shaking it, "but you can call me Ludo."

"I have not seen you here before," said Aldo.

"It's my first time in Buenos Aires, I'm here on a merchantman, we're picking up supplies to take back to England."

"Oh."

Aldo became fearful, German submarines were sinking British ships at an alarming rate and he would not want this lovely young man to become one of their victims.

"Buy me a drink?" Ludo asked.

"I'd love to," Aldo replied.

"How did you hear of this place?" Aldo asked after they had sat at a small table in the corner of the club.

"The ship's cook told me about it," replied Ludo, "he's an old queen. Not that he and I have done anything."

Aldo felt relieved that the cook and Ludo had not done anything together. Aldo's possessive nature was being brought out by the young god he was sitting with.

"How old are you?" Aldo asked.

"Eighteen. You?"

"Twenty-nine. That's old, isn't it?"

"You don't look it. Anyway, I like older men."

"Have you had many? Men, that is."

"No, not many at all."

Aldo was pleased that Ludo had not been sullied by having relations with lots of men.

"Would you like to come home with me?"

"Yes."

* * * * * * *

As soon as they were through the door they were kissing. They had their tongues in each other's mouths and their hands running over their bodies.

"Take me to bed," Ludo said in a husky voice as he pulled his mouth from Aldo's.

Aldo took him by the hand and led him to his bedroom. Ludo did not have time to look around, he just began to undress whilst watching Aldo do the same.

"Oh my God," whispered Aldo as he looked at Ludo's body, "you are divine."

Ludo did not reply, he merely went over to the bed and flopped onto it, on his back.

"Oh, you are big," said Aldo as he lay next to Ludo and wrapped his fingers around Ludo's cock.

Aldo was not wrong, Ludo had a very large cock for someone so slightly built. As Aldo stroked it gently up and down, it grew in length and girth until it was twelve inches long and about two and a half inches in diameter.

"Mmmmm," moaned Ludo as he felt Aldo's hand work it's magic on him.

Aldo leaned over and opened his mouth. He lowered his head down and took Ludo's cock in. He tugged back Ludo's foreskin and sticky pre cum flowed over his tongue as he licked at Ludo's glans.

"Oh," moaned Ludo, "oh Aldo."

Aldo began to bob his head up and down as he rubbed and sucked Ludo's cock. Ludo put his hand on Aldo's shoulder and rubbed it in time with the wanking he was receiving. Gradually his hand moved faster and his hips began to buck as he neared his climax.

"Oh, oh, oh, UH!" He exclaimed as he felt the exquisite sensation of his spunk squirting out of his cock.

"Mmm," mumbled Aldo as he took it all in his mouth and swallowed it down.

Ludo had not come for quite some time and his pent up load was significant. He shot a huge load into Aldo's mouth and the Argentinian had to swallow repeatedly and quickly to keep up with him.

"All done," Ludo said softly as he dribbled the last vestiges of his seed into Aldo's mouth.

"My God Ludo!" said an amazed Aldo, "where did all that come from?"

"I was saving it all for you," chuckled Ludo, "even though neither of us knew it."

"Well, have some of it back," Aldo chuckled in reply as he moved up to lay on top of Ludo and give him a big slobbery, spunky kiss.

"Do you want to fuck me?" Ludo asked after Aldo had finished kissing him.

"More than you could ever imagine," Aldo replied.

"Do you have lube?"

"Of course."

"I am a little tight."

Aldo nearly came prematurely when he heard Ludo say that.

"I will be gentle," Aldo told him as he rolled off the bed, opened the drawer in his bedside cabinet and took out a tube of KY.

Ludo got on his hands and knees and arched his back. Aldo squeezed some of the lube onto his fingers and carefully applied it to Ludo's puckered ring.

"Ooh, that's cold," giggled Ludo as he felt the gel make contact with his sensitive ass hole.

Aldo carefully pushed the tip of his forefinger inside Ludo's ass. He wiggled it around, coating Ludo's rectum.

"Put another finger in," Ludo told him.

Aldo withdrew his forefinger and, together with his middle finger, slid it back in again. Ludo moaned with pleasure as he felt himself being finger-fucked.

"I'm ready for you know," he said.

Aldo took his fingers away, squeezed a liberal amount of gel onto his cock, smearing it all over his glans and shaft and knelt behind Ludo.

"Oh!" He exclaimed as he pushed the tip of his stiff cock inside Ludo's ass.

"Oh Aldo," moaned Ludo, "fuck me."

Aldo thrust slowly and carefully. Ludo steadied himself and took Aldo's entire length inside him. Once he was fully in, Aldo pulled out, then he went in again.

"Oh you are tight," said Aldo as he felt his cock being squeezed by Ludo's ass each time he pushed forward, "so lovely and tight."

"You can go faster if you want," Ludo told him, "it doesn't hurt."

Grateful for Ludo's permission, Aldo began to thrust with his hips more rapidly, shoving his meat in and out of his young lover at an ever increasing rate.

"Oh fuck, fuck fuck," moaned Ludo as he took Aldo in him, loving the feeling of hot hard cock vacating and filling his back passage.

"Uh,uh,uh," grunted Aldo as he pumped his cock in and out, loving the feeling of hot young ass squeezing his cock.

"Oh Aldo!" Cried Ludo as he felt Aldo's cock throb.

"UUUUUUUHHHHH!" Cried Aldo as he began to pump a load of hot sticky cum into Ludo.

Aldo stopped moving and reveled in the feeling of coming. Ludo pushed back against him, loving the feeling of having a thick throbbing cock stuck up him.

"That was wonderful," said Aldo as he withdrew his softening cock from Ludo.

"It was," agreed Ludo as he felt his ass close, his insides warmed by Aldo's hot sticky cum.

Aldo lay next to Ludo and put his arm around his shoulder.

"Smoke?" He asked.

"Please," Ludo replied.

They lay side by side and smoked a cigarette each. They did not speak, they just relaxed, comfortable in each other's company.

"You need some meat," Aldo said after a while.

"Isn't that what you have just given me?" Laughed Ludo.

"Ha,ha," chuckled Aldo, "what I mean is, you need to be fed. I want you to be good and strong for later on."

"Why, what is happening?"

"You are going to stick that huge cock of yours inside me of course."

"Oh, goody."

Aldo sat up and stubbed his cigarette out in the ashtray on the cabinet. He got up, went to his wardrobe and took out a silk dressing gown.

"Is there one for me?" Asked Ludo.

"No," replied Aldo, "you do not need to cover your beautiful body."

* * * * *

Aldo stood over the pan, frying steak, while Ludo sat at the little table in the small kitchen sipping a cup of coffee. Ludo had his legs apart, his long flaccid cock drooped onto the seat of the chair between his slim thighs and Aldo took every opportunity to turn and look at him.

"Your skin is very smooth," Aldo said as he looked Ludo over for the umpteenth time, "other than your pubes, you don't have any body hair."

"I know," replied the younger man, "do you like it, or would you like me to be hairy like you."

"I'm not all that hairy," pouted Aldo, "don't call me hairy."

"I'm sorry," said Ludo as he stood up, went to Aldo, stood behind him and wrapped his arms around him, "I'm sorry to be so cruel."

Aldo sighed as he felt Ludo's cock pressed against the back of his right thigh through the material of his robe.

"Sit down," Aldo croaked through dry lips, "supper is nearly ready."

* * * * * * * *

After supper, Aldo and Ludo sat on the sofa and drank vodka together. Aldo told Ludo about himself and Ludo did the same.

"Do you have to go?" Aldo asked, "why not jump ship and stay here with me. I have plenty of money, I will look after you."

"I can't," replied Ludo, "if everyone did that, the war would be lost and Britain would be under German occupation."

"But it is so dangerous," said Aldo, "and I may never see you again."

"I will come back and see you," Ludo told him, "I promise. Now, I'm feeling horny, get on the floor."

Aldo slid off the sofa and got onto his hands and knees on the rug in front of it. He heard the soft slap of Ludo's feet on the boards as he left the room.

"Mmmm," he said a minute or so later when he felt Ludo's well lubricated fingers probe his ass hole.

Ludo worked his fingers in and out of Aldo, stretching him, getting him ready for what he was about to receive.

"Take it slowly," Aldo told him as he put his glans to Aldo's ring, "there is such a lot of you."

"I shall," ludo replied as he pushed the engorged purple head of his cock into Aldo.

"Uuuuuh," moaned Aldo as he felt Ludo's cock slide inside him.

"Is that nice?" Asked Ludo.

"Yes."

"Do you want more?"

"Yes."

"O.k. then, here comes some more."

Aldo's eyes opened wide as he felt Ludo's cock go deeper into his body than anything ever had before. It felt a little painful, but at the same time it felt very nice.

"Mmm, I like this," said Ludo as he began to thrust back and forth, working a little more of his cock into Aldo with each push.

"Oh God, I don't know if I can take any more," moaned Aldo as sweat began to form on his brow.

"Nearly all in," said Ludo, placatingly.

Aldo held his breath, only releasing it when he felt Ludo's balls squashed against his ass. He had taken twelve inches of thick stiff cock all the way in, something he had never thought possible.

"Nghh, nghh, nghh," grunted Ludo as he started to fuck Aldo with very short yet fast thrusts.

"Oh God, oh God," moaned Aldo as he felt his insides being pummeled by Ludo's huge cock.

"Cummmmmiiinngggg!" Cried Ludo, and then he stopped moving.

It felt as if Ludo's cock was expanding to an even larger size and then Aldo felt the rush of scalding hot cum as it shot out of Ludo and flooded his colon. Aldo closed his eyes and smiled as he felt his young lover climaxing inside him.

Ludo stayed locked in Aldo for several seconds as he emptied his balls of what they had managed to produce since his last ejaculation. Once he had done, Ludo pulled out of Aldo and sat on the floor behind him. Aldo felt his ass closing slowly, his gaping ring returning to it's former state, or at least some semblance of it, then he fell forward onto the rug with an empty feeling in his guts.

"Are you o.k.?" Ludo asked.

"I'm not sure," replied Aldo, "I think I have died and gone to heaven."

"Oh shut up!" Ludo chuckled as he slapped Aldo playfully on his ass cheek.

* * * * * * * *

"What's wrong?" Aldo asked as he awoke to see Ludovic still asleep on the table next to him, "why isn't he awake yet?"

"She has done this before," said Rufus, "sometimes she likes to keep them."

"What do you mean, keep them?" Asked Aldo in a worried tone, "can't you just unplug the bloody machine and wake him up?"

"No," said Morag, Rufus' assistant, "she could kill him if we did that."

"Hmm," said Rufus, "I wonder what she wants with him."

"Why do you keep calling it 'she'?" Asked Aldo, "it's a machine."

"She's much more than that," said Rufus, "no mere machine could give you the sort of experience that she does."

Aldo became very worried.