 "I had better go back in with him," Aldo said to Rufus, "and try and find out what is going on."

"She didn't keep you in there," Rufus replied, "I think she wants someone else in there with him."

"Let Kurt and Robbie go in," suggested Morag, "they arrived a while ago and are keen to go in again."

"Yes," agreed Rufus, "Sharon knows them, she won't mind."

"It's all my fault," said Aldo, "I was the one who wanted him to go in there."

"Don't worry," said Morag, putting her hand on Aldo's shoulder, "I'm sure she won't hurt him."

"I had better phone his home and tell them that Ludovic is staying here tonight," said Rufus.

"Good idea," agreed Morag, "anyway, the weather is turning nasty, they wouldn't want him travelling on a night like this."

"Could you change Ludovic's gown, Aldo?" Rufus asked, "the one he is wearing is very stained."

"Yes, of course," Aldo replied.

Aldo stood next to the comatose Ludovic and gently rolled him onto his left side. He untied the bows of material that held the gown on and pulled it away from Ludovic's body. He rolled Ludovic onto his back and picked up another gown to put on him.

"Oh," he said aloud.

"What is it?" Asked Morag from outside of the box.

"Nothing," replied Aldo, and then, under his breath, "he's not nearly as big as he is in the dream."

Aldo cleaned Ludovic's stomach using a warm damp sponge before he put the new gown on him. He smiled at the young man who he had dreamed had stuck twelve inches of thick hard cock inside him only a few hours earlier.

"I hope everything is alright, wherever you are," he said as he draped the new gown over Ludovic's body.

* * * * * * * *

"Look after him," Aldo said to Kurt and Robbie as he walked out of the box where they lay on tables either side of Ludovic.

The two young men put their thumbs up and smiled at him.

"Come on Aldo," said Rufus, "let's see if we can get him back."

* * * * * * * * 

Kurt and Robbie were sitting at a table outside of a cafe, each with a cup of coffee in front of him and a cigarette in his hand.

"Apparently," said Robbie, "there were several survivors of the sinking."

"Yes," affirmed Kurt, "a lifeboat with five men on board was brought in by the coastguard."

"My ambassador assumes that your ambassador will want them interned for the duration."

"Actually, he will not insist, if they will stay in Buenos Aires under their own recognizance."

"Can we have them stay in the embassy with us?"

"We see no reason why not."

"Thank the ambassador for us."

"I shall. You can collect your countrymen from the police station whenever you like."

"That's settled then. Are you going to the club tonight?"

"Is Lydia's apartment available?"

"Yes." 

"Then yes, it's a date."

* * * * * * *

Kurt was standing at the bar when Robbie walked in, accompanied by a young man who Kurt did not recognise.

"Hello Kurt," said Robbie, putting his arm around him and hugging him, "I would like you to meet Ludovic. I have explained how we have called an end to hostilities when we are in here."

"Call me Ludo," Ludo said as he shook Kurt's hand, "and even though I should hate you for sinking my boat, I shan't."

"Ludo is one of the survivors. He and four of his shipmates were drifting for three days before they were picked up."

"Well, he seems to be in good shape, despite his ordeal," said Kurt as he looked Ludo up and down.

"I'm off to powder my nose," said Robbie, "you can keep each other company."

Robbie wandered off, past the couple dancing to the tune of the band, around the small tables where couples, some mixed, some same sex, sat and drank.

"Buy me a drink?" Ludo asked Kurt as he looked him over in return, smiling at what he saw.

Kurt turned to the bar and raised his hand to get the bartender's attention. Ludo stood next to him and leaned in close.

"If I surrender to you, will you treat me well?" Ludo asked.

"Perhaps, if you do not try to escape," replied Kurt, whose cock was stiffening with anticipation.

"Oh, I'm sure I won't want to," Ludo chuckled.

Kurt carried the tray of drinks to a small round table in the corner where Robbie was already sitting. Ludo sat in the corner and Kurt sat on his left with Robbie to Ludo's right.

"Here's to peace," said Robbie, raising his glass, "in here at least."

"To peace," the others said in unison.

"You have a very large cock, Ludo," Robbie said to him.

"How do you know?" Ludo asked.

"I watched you in the shower at the embassy."

"What else do you know about me?"

"Well, your ship's cook told me that you are queer, that's why I asked you here."

"Oh him, he's been after me since we left Liverpool."

"What's he like?" Kurt asked.

"A bit old, a bit fat, always covered in cooking oil or pastry."

"Show Kurt your cock," Robbie said to Ludo.

"What, in here?"

"Slip it out under the table and let him feel it then."

"Oh alright."

Kurt's heartbeat increased as he watched Ludo fiddle about with his trousers and wriggle around on his seat. Robbie looked around to make sure nobody took any interest in what was happening in the corner.

"It's o.k.," he told his friends, "no one is looking this way."

Ludo reached under the table and took hold of Kurt's hand. He placed it on the shaft of his semi-stiff cock.

"Mein Gott!" Exclaimed Kurt in a quiet voice, "it is a monster!"

Kurt moved his hand along to the tip of Ludo's cock, gripped it and pulled his foreskin back. Ludo let out a groan of pleasure as he felt his glans exposed.

"Let me feel him too," said Robbie as he put his hand under the table and took hold of Ludo's cock shaft.

"Oh my," said Ludo, "what are you doing?"

"Try and sit still," said Kurt, "while we enjoy touching you."

"People will stare," protested Ludo, "you mustn't do this."

"Ssshh," said Robbie, "no-one is taking any notice."

Ludo relaxed and let Kurt and Robbie massage his long thick cock. His balls fuzzed as he felt their fingers stroke him and their palms rub up and down on him.

"He is getting wet," Kurt told Robbie, "it's practically gushing from him."

"Let me feel," said Robbie as he rubbed his finger tips over the little hole at the tip of Ludo's cock.

"Can you feel it?" Asked Kurt.

"There is so much," said Robbie, "I could wash my hands in it."

Robbie smeared the pre cum that had dribbled onto his fingers all over Ludo's shaft making it slippery while Kurt continued to squeeze his glans as he wanked him slowly.

"Uh, uh, uh," moaned Ludo as he got nearer and nearer to the finish.

"I think that's enough for now," said Kurt as he took his hand away.

"No!" Hissed Ludo in a whisper, "You can't stop now!"

"Yes we can," said Robbie as he stopped rubbing Ludo's shaft, "and you are not allowed to touch yourself."

"Put him away," said Kurt, "and come and dance with me."

Kurt stood up and put his hand out. Ludo hurriedly maneuvered his underpants and trousers up around his rock hard cock which stuck up, resting against his stomach.

"Put him under your shirt," Robbie suggested, "you don't want him on display."

Ludo pulled his shirt up, pushed his cock under it and tucked it back into his trousers. He stood up, took Kurt's hand and let himself be led to the dance floor.

The band was playing a slow number and the couples on the floor moved slowly, their bodies pressed together. Kurt put his hands on Ludo's waist and pulled him close. Ludo put his hands on Kurt's shoulders and pressed himself against him.

"I can feel him pressing into me," Kurt whispered in Ludo's ear as they drifted around the dance floor.

"I want to come," Ludo pleaded in reply.

"I'm sure you do," chuckled Kurt.

The tune finished and Kurt led Ludo back to the table.

"My turn," said Robbie as he stood up and took hold of Ludo's hand.

Kurt sat and watched his friend dance with Ludo in exactly the same way as he had, up close and personal. Kurt had been playing it cool, but he was keen to get Ludo out of the club and into bed. His balls were aching with desire, his cock semi-hard and dripping with pre cum.

"By the look on your face, you want to go," Robbie said to Kurt as he led Ludo back to the table.

"Is it that obvious?"

"Come on, let's get a taxi."

* * * * * * *

The door to Lydia's apartment closed behind them and Robbie led Ludo straight to the bedroom. Kurt followed, tearing his clothes off as he went.

"Is he still big?" Robbie asked Ludo as he put his hand to Ludo's stomach, "oh gosh, he is."

Ludo sighed as he felt Robbie's hand squeeze his cock which was still restrained by his underpants and shirt.

"Get his clothes off," said Kurt in an urgent voice as he stood behind Ludo and pulled his jacket off his shoulders.

Robbie unbuttoned Ludo's shirt, exposing his cock. He unbuttoned his trousers and pulled them, together with his underpants, down to his ankles, freeing his cock which sprang forward to stand out proudly from his groin. Kurt span Ludo round and pushed him onto the bed. He landed on his back on the big soft eiderdown.

"Take his shoes off," Kurt told Robbie as he climbed onto the bed and knelt next to Ludo.

While Robbie finished stripping Ludo, Kurt leaned forward and took the engorged purple helmet of his cock between his lips. He sucked gently whilst rubbing the shaft with his hand.

"OH FUCK!" Cried Ludo.

Kurt was not prepared for Ludo to come so quickly, nor so copiously. He gave a little squeak of surprise as a volley of spunk shot out of Ludo's cock and splattered all around his mouth.

"Is he coming?" Asked Robbie, laughing at the expression on Kurt's face.

"Mmmm, mmm," Nodded Kurt as he swallowed repeatedly, trying not to drown in Ludo's cum.

"Aaaaaah," sighed Ludo as he finished emptying his balls into Kurt's mouth, "thank you, thank you."

"You didn't warn me," said Kurt in mock anger, "I shall have to punish you for that."

Kurt rolled Ludo onto his front and pushed his legs apart. Robbie tossed him the tube of KY and Kurt removed the cap, pushed it against Ludo's ass hole and squeezed some out. Ludo responded by raising himself up onto his knees and arching his back, his head still on the eiderdown.

"He wants you inside him," Robbie said to Kurt, "look, he's presenting himself to you."

"Then he shall have me," said Kurt, tossing the tube of KY aside, kneeling behind Ludo, positioning his stiff cock at his ass hole and pushing it into him.

"Ooh," moaned Ludo as he took Kurt's cock all the way in, all the way until Kurt's balls were squashed against his buttocks.

"Is he tight?" Asked Robbie.

"Yes," replied Kurt, "lovely and tight."

"Don't ruin him. I want to feel that nice tight ass around my cock next."

"I'll try not to, but I can't promise anything."

With that, Kurt started to fuck Ludo forcefully, ramming his cock in and out of his ass in a series of long, deep hard thrusts.

"Oh yes!" Cried Ludo, "fuck me, fuck me hard!"

"Mmmph, mmph," was the sound that came from Kurt as he exerted himself, wanting to come quickly, desperate to drain his balls into the young man beneath him.

After a minute he came. He threw back his head and bellowed like a bull, his hips bucking, his eyes closed, his fingers digging into Ludo's ass cheeks. His cock was throbbing, sending jet after jet of thick white goo up Ludo's back passage.

"Now me," said Robbie eagerly as Kurt flopped back onto the bed, his flaccid cock still dribbling.

Ludo did not move, he let Robbie do exactly what Kurt had just done. He smiled as he felt another hard cock being stuffed inside him and begin to move in and out, stimulating his prostate, making him hard again.

"Is he still tight?" Kurt asked.

"Mmm, lovely and tight," Robbie replied as he continued to plunder Ludo's ass.

"Come inside me," Ludo told Robbie, "fill me with your lovely cum."

"Oh God, here I come, " said Robbie as he felt his seed rising in his tubes.

Robbie stopped moving, his cock buried as deeply in Ludo as it could be, and he smiled a smile of satisfaction as his spunk left his body to fill Ludo's. His cock throbbed, his cum squirted, his balls emptied, and a feeling of bliss enveloped him.

"That was lovely," he said as he pulled out of Ludo and lay back next to Kurt.

"I need to wash," said Ludo as he climbed off the bed, "your cum is running down my legs. Which way is the bathroom?"

"Come on," said Robbie, getting up from the bed, "I'll show you."

Kurt smiled as he looked at the cute asses of his friends as they left the room.

* * * * * * * *

"All clean?" Asked Robbie as Ludo walked back into the bedroom, drying himself in a big soft cotton towel.

"Mmm, yes, " he replied, "I suppose you want to make me dirty again."

"I want you to suck me off," said Kurt, holding his stiff cock upright as he lay on the bed.

"I've been keeping him hard while you were out of the room," said Robbie, "come and finish him off."

Ludo let the towel drop as he climbed onto the bed. He knelt between Kurt's outspread legs, leaned down and took his cock in his mouth.

"Oh, yes," murmured Kurt as Ludo deep-throated him.

"Is that nice?" Robbie asked.

"He has my cock halfway down his throat," groaned Kurt, "it feels fantastic."

As Ludo sucked on Kurt's cock, he bobbed his head up and down, rubbing Kurt's glans with his esophagus. Kurt moaned loudly as he felt himself coming and began to thrust his hips upwards involuntarily. Robbie knelt beside Ludo, reached across and rubbed his big stiff cock which was dripping with pre cum.

"CUMMMMIINNGGG!" Shouted Kurt as he felt his spunk shoot from his cock.

"Mmmmmm," mumbled Ludo as he felt Kurt's hot sticky mess squirt straight down into his digestive tract.

Kurt finished ejaculating and Ludo knelt upright, wiping his mouth with his hand and smiling at Kurt. Robbie's hand moved more rapidly and within a minute Ludo let out a groan of pleasure and his cock erupted.

"Uh,uh,uh,UUUUUHH!" He cried as he came, his spunk squirting out of him and coating Kurt's chest and stomach.

"Oh that's messy," giggled Robbie as he looked at the state of his friend's torso.

"You made the mess, you clean it up," said Kurt.

"O.k.," said Robbie, "I will."

Robbie leaned down and poked out his tongue. Kurt smiled as he watched Robbie begin to lap up Ludo's spunk, starting at his stomach and working his way up to Kurt's chest.

"Let me help," said Ludo as he moved around to kneel on Kurt's other side.

Kurt closed his eyes and enjoyed the feeling of two tongues licking his body clean.

"Do you want to fuck me again?" Ludo asked Robbie after they had finished licking all the cum from Kurt's body.

"Yes I do," he answered.

Ludo lay on his side and tucked his legs up. Robbie lay behind him, held his cock to Ludo's ass hole and pushed.

"Ooooh," they murmured together as Robbie's cock slipped inside Ludo's well lubricated rectum.

Kurt leaned on on elbow and looked over Robbie's shoulder as he fucked Ludo. He nuzzled Robbie's neck and kissed him while Robbie thrust in and out of Ludo.

"I'm coming, I'm coming," moaned Robbie as he felt himself nearing the end.

"Pull out and I will finish you in my mouth," said Kurt, "Ludo doesn't want your mess in him again."

Robbie rolled onto his back just before he shot his load and Kurt put his mouth around his throbbing cock just in time to catch it. Robbie gave a grunt and flooded Kurt's mouth with hot thick cum which he swallowed happily.

* * * * * * *

"Sharon is purring again," said Rufus as he looked at the monitors arranged around the outside of the box, "whatever they are dreaming about, she likes it."

"Their dopamine readings are off the scale," said Morag, "Sharon seems to be feeding on their dopamine."

"Well, these three seem to produce a lot of it, especially Ludovic."

"That's why she kept him, she is helping him produce it with the erotic dreams and getting the benefit of his brain activity when the dopamine is released."

* * * * * * *

"It's good to have you back," said Rufus, patting Ludo on his back as he sat up on the table.

"What happened to me?" Ludo asked as he sat, dazed and confused, his gown soaked in his semen.

"Don't you remember?" Morag asked.

"Sort of. It was all just a dream, wasn't it?"

"Yes," put in Kurt, who was sitting on the next table, "but what a dream!"