 Aldo and Ludo were sitting in the pub in the small Welsh village a couple of miles from Rufus' house.

"It's nice to get away now and again," Ludo told his friend, "we are kept very busy by Sharon."

"Have you been in recently?" Aldo asked.

"No, not recently. I have been helping the professor expand Sharon and help with monitoring the nappers."

"Nappers?"

"That's what we call the people who go in, after all, they're just going for a nap, aren't they."

"We don't have to go in, we can enjoy each other outside," Aldo said, putting his hand on Ludo's knee.

"Yes, we can," replied Ludo, putting his hand on Aldo's and squeezing it gently, "they have rooms here, do you want to take one for the night?"

* * * * * * *

They stared into each other's eyes for a moment as they stood in the bedroom and then Aldo pulled Ludo to him and started to snog him passionately. Ludo responded by putting his arms around Aldo and hugging him tightly.

"I've missed you," Aldo said as he pulled away from the embrace and began to strip off his clothes.

"Have you?" Chuckled Ludo, as he too began to undress, "are you going to show me how much?"

"How about this much," said Aldo, pointing to his erection which sprang out as he pulled down his underpants.

"Oh," Ludo said in a hushed voice, "he is so big and stiff. Get on the bed Aldo."

Aldo did as he was told. He lay on his back, his cock sticking up from his body like a flag pole. Ludo climbed onto the bed and knelt beside him, then he lowered his body, opened his mouth and took Aldo's length all the way in.

"Oh God, that's nice," Aldo moaned as he felt the tip of his cock brush against the back of Ludo's throat.

Ludo started to bob his head up and down whilst sucking gently. Aldo was unable to prevent his hips bucking as he gently fucked Ludo's mouth.

"Oh Ludo, Ludo, Ludo," Aldo moaned as he felt his seed rising.

Ludo moved his head faster and sucked harder as Aldo's hips bucked faster and faster. Suddenly Aldo let out a cry. He put his hand on Ludo's head to stop him moving and started to pump spunk down Ludo's throat.

"Mmm! Mmm!" Was the sound made by Ludo as he struggled to take all that Aldo was putting into his mouth.

Aldo let go of his head and Ludo came up for air, coughing cum as he tried to catch his breath.

"Oh, I'm sorry Ludo," said Aldo placatingly, "are you o.k.?"

"Yes, don't worry," replied Ludo, "I'm fine."

"My turn now," said Aldo as he pushed Ludo onto his back and knelt over him.

Ludo lay still and wallowed in the feeling of Aldo making his cock fully erect by sucking on it. He loved having his cock sucked and Aldo seemed to love doing it.

"Mmmmm, this is nice," he told Aldo as he felt him cup his balls whilst sucking on him.

Aldo moved his hand to Ludo's ass hole and Ludo opened his legs to allow himself to be penetrated. He sighed softly as he felt Aldo push his forefinger inside him to the first knuckle and wriggle it about.

"Oh Aldo, I'm coming," he moaned softly as he felt the first throb of his cock.

Aldo let out a muffled chuckle as he felt his lover's seed begin to squirt into his mouth, flowing over his tongue and onto his teeth.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" Cried Ludo as he shot off his load.

After Aldo was sure that Ludo was empty, he took his finger from his ass and his mouth from his cock. He knelt up and looked down into Ludo's eyes.

"Did you like that?" He asked, smiling down at the young man who was smiling up at him.

"Yes," Ludo nodded, "it was lovely."

They lay together, Aldo spooning Ludo, his arms wrapped around him, his face nestled in Ludo's thick brown hair. Aldo had never felt happier.

* * * * * * *

"Hello Aldo," said Rufus the next day, when Aldo had delivered Ludo back to the house, "are you going in today?"

"I had not planned to," Aldo replied.

"There are several men going in who you might like to meet," Rufus told him.

"Oh."

"Ludo," said Rufus, turning to him, "Morag has suggested that you go in with them. They are novices and it might be as well if we have someone in there who Sharon knows."

Aldo felt a pang of jealousy. His lovely Ludo was going in with a bunch of strangers, anything could happen to him in there.

"I have changed my mind," Aldo said to Rufus, "if there is a place for me, I would like to go in."

"Of course, dear chap," said Rufus, "plenty of room for you Aldo."

* * * * * * * * *

Aldo climbed up the coarse hemp rope to the ceiling of the gymnasium and looked down. He could see men vaulting over the horse, sparring in the boxing ring and building up their strength with the bar bells. He saw someone he recognised enter the gym and he slid down the rope to the floor.

"Oh, hello," said Ludo as he saw Aldo, "how are you?"

"Ludo?" Asked Aldo, "I thought you had sailed."

"We were torpedoed. I and four others managed to get into a boat. We were picked up and brought back to Buenos Aires. It looks like I am here for the duration."

Aldo's heart began to race, his wish had been granted!

"How long have you been here?"

"A couple of weeks. I have been to the club a few times, but you were not there."

"I have been away on business."

"Oh."

"What brings you to the gym?"

"A friend I met at the club said he would teach me to box."

"Oh really?"

"Yes. His name is Kurt. He is a German, but we have sort of signed a truce as it were."

A pang of jealousy rose up in Aldo.

"I have met him."

"He's very nice isn't he."

"I suppose so."

"Do you box?"

"No."

"Perhaps he could teach you as well. I think it is as well to be able to look after yourself if you get found out."

"Found out?"

"Some people can be quite nasty if they find out that you like men."

"Yes, they can be, but if you steer clear of them, you can be quite safe. I would keep you safe."

"You're sweet, but I think I should still like to be able to defend myself."

Four men entered the gym, one was about the same age as Ludo, two were a little older and one looked to be in his thirties. The oldest one walked straight over to Ludo.

"Ludovic?" He asked.

"Yes," replied Ludo.

"Hello, my name is Jurgen. Kurt sends his apologies but he is unable to come today, they want him to work late at the embassy."

"Oh, that's a shame."

"He told me that you wanted to learn to box. I can teach you."

"Oh, alright then."

The three others gathered around and Jurgen introduced them to Ludo.

"This is Leon, Noah and Felix," he told him, "we all work at the embassy with Kurt."

Aldo stood away from the little group feeling rejected.

"Come and watch me box," Ludo said to Aldo as he put his head guard on.

"Alright then," Aldo replied in a sullen tone.

* * * * * *

The four Germans took it in turns to spar with Ludo, teaching him the art of boxing whilst enjoying knocking him around the ring and holding him close to their bodies in the clinches. After a while he climbed out as Leon and Noah climbed in to have a more serious bout.

"I'm off to shower," he told Jurgen, "thanks for the lesson."

"I'll come with you," said the German, "I've had enough too."

Aldo was exercising with a pair of dumbbells and he watched as Ludo and his new friend walked towards the changing room. He felt a sinking feeling in his guts as he saw Jurgen put his hand on Ludo's ass. He put down the dumbbells and followed them.

* * * * * * 

Ludo stood under the shower, letting the warm water flow over his naked body.

"Can I wash you?" Jurgen asked as he stood next to him holding a bar of soap.

"That would be nice," replied Ludo.

Aldo sat on a low bench by the lockers and watched as Jurgen worked a lather up in his hands and spread it over Ludo's back. His feeling of jealousy was still there but he was aroused by watching Ludo being seduced by the older man.

"That feels nice," Ludo said as he felt Jurgen's hands spread the lather over him.

"We bruised you a little," Jurgen told him as he moved close behind him and looked over his shoulder.

Jurgen put his arms around Ludo and caressed his chest and stomach gently. Ludo sighed as he felt Jurgen's hands on him.

"I thought Kurt was exaggerating," Jurgen said as his hands moved lower, "but you really are a big boy."

Ludo sucked in his breath as he felt Jurgen's fingers on his stiffening penis.

"Do you like that?" Jurgen asked as he peeled back Ludo's foreskin with his soapy fingers and spread the lather over his glans.

"Yesssss," whispered Ludo.

Aldo felt very jealous, he wanted it to be him rubbing soap into Ludo's cock, but watching what Jurgen was doing excited him greatly.

"How does this feel?" Jurgen asked as he slipped a soapy finger between Ludo's ass cheeks and sought out his ring.

"Nice" came the reply.

Jurgen wriggled his finger inside Ludo's ass whilst still gently rubbing his cock. Ludo moaned loudly as Jurgen stimulated his prostate gland.

"Are you going to come for me?" Jurgen asked as he rubbed Ludo's glans rapidly and finger-fucked his ass forcefully.

"Mmm, yes, coming, oh fuck, oh God, oh!" Cried Ludo as he felt his seed rise.

Aldo was as stiff as a post. The sight and sound of Ludo reaching a tumultuous climax had turned him on completely. He sat transfixed, waiting to see his young lover come.

"Uuuuuuhhhh!" Cried Ludo as a stream of thick white goo shot from his cock to coat the shower floor and wash away down the drain hole.

"Mmmm," Jurgen whispered in his ear, "what a lot, you lovely boy."

As Jurgen squeezed the last drop of cum from Ludo's softening penis, Leon and Noah walked into the changing room and began to strip off.

"Gott!" Exclaimed Jurgen, as he saw the state of their battered bodies, "you two have given each other a pounding."

"It was quite a bout," replied Leon.

"Why did you do it? You are both all black and blue."

"I think it was my fault," said Ludo as he stood nearby, towelling himself dry, "I said that the winner of their fight could have me."

"And I won," said Leon.

There was a massage table in front of the lockers and Ludo went over to it and climbed up onto it. He lay on his back with his legs dangling over the bottom of it. He lifted his legs up and put his hands behind his knees, spreading them apart as he did so.

"Let me put this on you," said Jurgen as he applied some lube to Ludo's ass hole.

Leon squeezed some lube onto his stiff cock and spread it over his shaft. He pulled back his foreskin and rubbed some more onto his engorged purple glans which was dribbling pre cum.

"Go on then," said Ludo, " take your prize."

Leon stood at the end of the table, held his cock against Ludo's puckered ring and pushed. Both men gasped as Leon's big stiff cock spread Ludo's ass hole.

"Oh, you are so tight," said Leon.

"And you are so big," replied Ludo.

Jurgen and Noah stood at the side of the table, their cocks in their hands, watching intently as Leon worked his cock all the way inside Ludo. Aldo found his view interrupted which was both frustrating and a blessing at the same time. Watching somebody else fuck Ludo was almost too much to bear.

"I think you are a little envious," came a voice from behind Aldo.

Aldo looked around to see who had spoken, it was the youngest of the four who had been sparring with Ludo.

"Perhaps I am," admitted Aldo.

"Try not to be. I am Felix," the young man said, holding out his hand.

"Aldo," Aldo replied, shaking Felix's hand.

Aldo looked at the young German. He bore a striking resemblance to Ludo, the same build, same short thick brown hair, same brown eyes. Aldo decided that he liked Felix.

"Watching them has made you hard," Felix said as he put his hand on the bulge in Aldo's shorts.

"Yes it has," Aldo replied in a quiet voice.

Ludo turned his head to the side. Noah understood what he was offering and held his cock to Ludo's lips. Ludo opend his mouth, accepted Noah's cock in it and began to suck on it as Leon began to thrust his cock in and out of his ass.

"Isn't he a beautiful boy?" Asked Jurgen as he rubbed his hand over Ludo's smooth chest and stomach, brushing it against Ludo's large flaccid cock.

"And he has such a nice tight ass," said Leon.

"He sucks cock so well," said Noah.

"Hhhmmm," Mumbled Ludo.

Felix slipped his hand inside Aldo's shorts and pulled his stiff cock out over the waistband. He peeled back Aldo's foreskin, revealing his engorged pink glans which was slick with the pre cum he had produced whilst watching Ludo's seduction.

"Stand up," Felix told him.

Aldo stood and Felix pulled his shorts down to his knees. Aldo's cock sprang out and Felix knelt in front of it and took it in his mouth.

"Oh fuck, I'm coming!" Cried Leon as he shot his load up Ludo's ass.

The feeling of Leon's cock throbbing away inside him made Ludo suck harder and Noah let out a yelp and started to ejaculate into his mouth.

"Uh! Uh! Uh!" He moaned loudly as he emptied his balls down Ludo's throat.

"Oh yes, mmmm," Moaned Aldo as he basked in the feeling of having a beautiful young man suck on his cock.

"How would you like a real man inside you?" Jurgen asked as he replaced Leon between Ludo's open legs.

"I would like that very much," came the reply.

Ludo's ass was still gaping when Jurgen pushed his eight inches all the way inside him and he let out a moan of pleasure as he felt himself filled by the German.

"Oh, that went in nicely," observed Noah.

"He's still nice and tight," said Jurgen.

"Probably because you are bigger than me," said Leon.

"How is it, Ludo?" Jurgen asked as he began to thrust in and out.

"Lovely," came the reply.

"Oh, oh, oh, oooooh!" Moaned Aldo as he started to come in Felix's mouth, making the young German swallow repeatedly to stop himself choking on what he was being force fed.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" Cried Ludo as Jurgen began to ram his cock in and out at breackneck speed.

"Go on, uncle!" Cried Noah, "fuck the little Britisher! Make him squeal like a pig!"

"Yes, uncle!" Cried Ludo, "fuck me!"

"Do you want to fuck me?" Aldo asked as Felix took his mouth from around his cock.

"No," Felix replied as he stood up, "you are going to watch me fuck Ludo after Jurgen has finished with him."

"UUUUHHHHH!" Shouted Jurgen as he came, his cock throbbing away inside Ludo, pumping a very large amount of spunk into his colon.

"Oh my God!" Cried Ludo, "I think I might burst!"

"Can I have him now, uncle?" Asked Felix as he walked towards the table, his stiff cock in his hand, dripping pre cum onto the floor.

"Of course," replied Jurgen as he pulled his softening length from Ludo.

Jurgen moved aside and Felix got into position. Aldo went over and stood beside the others, eager to see the two beautiful eighteen year olds copulate.

"Oh yes!" Cried Felix as he shoved his cock inside Ludo and began to fuck him.

"Mmmm," moaned Ludo as he was filled for the third time that day.

Felix worked his cock in and out rapidly, his balls squashing against Ludo's ass when he was fully embedded in him. Ludo moaned loudly as his prostate was battered by the tip of Felix's cock.

"Oh Gott! Oh fuck!" Cried Felix after a minute of frantic thrusting, "here it comes!"

Felix stopped moving, his cock as deep inside Ludo as he could get it, and he let out a groan of passion as he felt his cock throb, sending jet after jet of piping hot cum up Ludo's back passage. Every one of the little audience had become erect and they had all been stroking their cocks in time with Felix's thrusts.

"Oh fuck!" Cried Noah as he shot off a load which striped the floor.

"Oh Gott!" Cried Leon as ropes of thick white cum shot out of his cock to land on Ludo's chest.

"Uh!" Cried Jurgen as he shot a load over Felix's thigh.

"Hmmph!" Moaned Aldo as he spent himself on Ludo's arm.

The feeling of being fucked, combined with the sound of his friend's orgasms had made Ludo hard. Jurgen reached down and wrapped the fingers of both hands around it. He began to pump his hands up and down the long thick shaft, squeezing as he did so.

"Oh uncle!" Cried Ludo, "oh yes, yes, yes!"

Noah stuck a finger up Jurgen which made him wank the young man lying on the table even faster, causing Ludo to cry aloud as he felt himself coming.

"Aaaaahhh!" He shouted as his cock erupted, sending a stream of cum up into the air which landed on his face, chest and stomach.

Jurgen let go of Ludo's cock and it flopped down onto his stomach. Noah took his finger from Jurgen's ass and stood back.

"I need another shower," Ludo said as he slid off the table, "I'm covered."

"I think we all do," said Leon.

"Join us," Felix said to Aldo.

All six men showered together, soaping each other up, rubbing hands over each other's bodies, smiling at each other and sometimes kissing.

"It's nice to share, isn't it?" Felix said to Aldo.

"Yes it is," replied Aldo.

* * * * * *

"Judging by the monitors, that went well," said Morag as she helped the men from their tables.

"Unbelievably well!" Exclaimed one of them, "I have never enjoyed myself so much in all my life!"

"When can we go in again?" Asked another.

"See professor Katz, he will tell you."