 "How would you like to go on an incredible journey?" Leon asked me.

"Explain," I replied.

"There is this place I know where you can live out your fantasies with no repercussions, no law suits, no accusations."

"In this day and age such a place would be most desirable."

"So get on a plane to Britain. I will pick you up at the airport. Oh, and bring plenty of money with you."

So I did.

* * * * * * 

"This is my friend Seigfreid," Leon told the middle aged man in the laboratory coat as we stood in the basement of a very large house in the Welsh countryside.

"Pleased to meet you Seigfreid," the man said, offering his hand for me to shake, "I am Rufus Katz. Has Leon explained what happens here?"

"Yes, and I am very keen to experience it."

"Very well, let's get you ready."

* * * * * * 

"Hello," the young man said to me as he stepped into the shower next to me, "my name is Leon, what's yours?"

"Seigfreid," I replied.

"Judging by the look of you, you come here quite a lot."

I looked myself over and he was right, I had quite the physique.

"Not so bad yourself," I said to him, looking him over, "the gym obviously does you good."

"I especially like your cock," he said, moving closer to me, reaching down and putting his fingers around my flaccid penis.

"Oh," I murmured as I felt my flesh gripped by his hand.

He ran his hand up and down my cock shaft and it began to stiffen. I stood still, letting the water flow over me and his hand stimulate me. He looked into my eyes and smiled as he pulled back my foreskin, causing me to emit a long low groan of pleasure.

"He's nice and big now," Leon said to me as he looked down at my erection.

"Don't stop doing that," I told him as he rubbed my cock, "please don't stop."

He gripped me tightly and I moaned loudly as I felt his hand run up over my exposed glans and down again. I felt him cup my balls with his free hand and start to massage them gently.

"What are you doing Leon?" Asked another man as he stepped into the shower and stood nearby.

"I've made a friend," Leon replied, "his name is Seigfreid."

"Hello Seigfreid," the man said, "I am Kurt."

"Hello," I said in a husky voice.

Leon moved his hand up and down my cock more rapidly and I began to make little thrusting movement with my hips.

"He's nearly there," Kurt said as he watched me being brought off.

"Yes he is," agreed Leon.

"Mmmmm, I am," I moaned.

I felt my seed rising in my tubes and went up onto the balls of my feet, my hips bucking exitedly, then I came.

"Oh, here it is!" Exclaimed Kurt as he looked over Leon's shoulder at my semen shooting out of my twitching penis and landing on Leon's legs.

"He's covering me in it!" Laughed Leon as he looked down at his thighs which were becoming striped in thick goo, my goo.

"Oh my God!" I cried out as I shot off the biggest load of my life, "oh my God! Oh my God!"

Eventually the flood turned to a trickle and Leon squeezed the last few drops from my cock onto the bottom of the shower.

"We had better wash that off you," Kurt said to Leon as he used a bar of soap to lather up his hands.

Kurt handed me the soap and proceeded to run his hands over Leon's legs, washing my cum from him. I worked a lather up in my hands and rubbed them over Leon's smooth broad chest.

"This is nice," he said, smiling at me, "having two fit men wash me."

Kurt moved behind Leon and started to wash his back.

"Shall I clean you here?" I asked as I wrapped my soapy fingers around Leon's stiffening cock and pulled back his foreskin.

"Mmm, yes" he replied, nodding his head.

I rotated my hand as I ran it up and down his shaft, feeling every millimetre of it and every vein which carried the blood that made it so stiff.

"Oh, that feels so good," he moaned as I worked my hand up and down, sometimes gripping tightly, sometimes releasing and caressing gently.

"Would you like my finger inside you?" Kurt asked as he ran his soapy hands down Leon's flanks.

"Yes," replied Leon as he stood, eyes closed, relishing what I was doing to him.

"Is that nice?" Asked Kurt as he moved his hand from Leon's side and put it between his buttocks.

"Yes," replied Leon, "stick it in further."

Leon groaned loudly as he received a good wanking from me and a good finger-fuck from Kurt. I began to move my hand more rapidly and Kurt started to move his finger in and out of Leon more forcefully. Leon arched his back, threw back his head and let out a loud howl of pleasure as he reached his climax.

"Oh goodness!" I cried out as thick ropes of cream shot from Leon's large cock.

I pointed the squirting monster away from me and watched as it spat jets of spunk all over the shower floor to be washed towards the drain.

"Oh yes!" Cried Kurt as he looked over Leon's shoulder at the mess that was swirling across the shower floor, "what a lot!"

"Oh, oh, oh, oh," moaned Leon as he kept pumping out cum.

"My God, there must be half a litre of the stuff!" I exclaimed as I watched it begin to slide down the drain hole.

Finally the flow stopped. I squeezed Leon's cock dry and let go of it. He let out a long breath and smiled a smile of satisfaction at me. 

"Did you like that?" Kurt asked as he put his arms around Leon and gave him a hug.

"Yes I did," he replied.

"Good, now you can suck my cock."

Leon turned around to face Kurt. He squatted down and opened his mouth. I watched intently as Kurt pushed his big stiff cock between Leon's open lips and began to thrust gently.

"Oh Leon," sighed Kurt, "you are so good at this."

Leon wrapped his fingers around Kurt's cock shaft and began to wank him as he sucked. 

"He does that to stop me putting myself too far into his mouth," Kurt told me, "I nearly choked him once."

"It looks nice," I replied, "do you think he will do that to me?"

"I'm sure he will, he loves sucking cock."

Leon gave a muffled chuckle as he continued to suck and wank Kurt.

"Hello, who are you?" Came a voice from behind me.

I felt two arms come around my body and two hands ran over my hairless chest. I let out a sigh of pleasure as I felt a stiff cock press against the small of my back.

"In case you are wondering," Kurt told me, "the young boy rubbing his hands over you is Felix."

"Hello Felix," I said, turning my head to try and look at him, "I'm Seigfreid."

"Hello Seigfreid," he said, resting his head on my shoulder and kissing me on my cheek.

"He's only eighteen," Kurt told me, "but he is very experienced."

I felt my heart skip a beat when I heard that.

"It feels like it," I replied.

His hands moved lower and made contact with my cock which had stiffened due to me being stimulated by the hands running over my torso. I sighed again as slender young fingers took hold of me and peeled back my foreskin.

"Oh! Oh!" Cried Kurt.

"He's coming," said Felix as we watched Kurt's little thrusts speed up and then stop as he reached the end.

I could see Leon swallowing rapidly as he tried to take in all that was being pumped into his mouth without choking on it.

"Oh this is nice, oh this is nice," repeated Kurt as he emptied his balls down Leon's throat.

Felix's hand was moving rapidly up and down my cock as he too became excited by what he was seeing. I could feel another load of cum working it's way up my shaft and I let out a groan as I began to ejaculate for a second time.

"Oh my! Oh yes! Oh!" I cried as more thick white spunk left my body to cover the shower floor.

Kurt pulled out of Leon and stepped back. Leon stood up, tilted his head back and opened his mouth to let the shower water swill the last of Kurt's spunk down his throat.

"Who's going to make me come?" Felix asked as he let go of me and stood back.

"Can I?" I asked as I turned to look him over properly for the first time.

"If you want to," he replied.

I ran my eyes over his body and smiled. He was an inch or two shorter than the rest of us, his body was slender and pale with a shock of black hair, both on his head and at the base of his flat smooth tummy. His sweet looking face was smooth, if he did need to shave, he did not need to do it often.

"What do you think?" Asked Leon, "isn't he cute?"

"He is gorgeous," I replied.

Then I feasted my eyes on his manhood, nine inches of thick pink veiny sausage which stood out from his body, begging to be touched or sucked on.

"And what a magnificent cock," said Kurt, "my eyes water just looking at it."

"But, oh the feeling when it is inside you," said Leon.

"Would you like it inside you?" Felix asked, looking into my eyes.

"I don't know if I could manage all that," I replied.

Felix took hold of my hand and held it next to his monster. I wrapped my fingers around it and pulled back the foreskin. I looked down to see that the glans was shiny, coated with a liberal amount of pre cum.

"Mmmm," Felix murmured as I began to rub my hand up and down.

"We shall leave you two to it," said Kurt as he got out of the shower, "come on Leon, I'll buy you a juice."

Felix smiled at me as I worked my hand up and down on him. I looked into his eyes and smiled back.

"Faster," he whispered, "I want to come, I want you to make me come."

I did as ordered and began to move my hand rapidly, squeezing him as I did so. He began to grunt and buck his hips, closing his eyes and grimacing.

"Is this right?" I asked as my hand moved rapidly and my fingers gripped tightly.

"Hmmmph! Hmmph!" He grunted in reply.

Then it happened.

"Oh my!" I exclaimed as a constant stream of thick creamy cum shot out of Felix's cock, landing about five feet away from his twitching body.

It came out of him like water comes out of a hose, one long unending ribbon of cum.

"That was a lot," I said when the flow stopped.

"Uh!" Grunted Felix, then another stream shot out.

"Fucking hell!" I exclaimed when I realised that he was not done.

The second ejaculation was not as big as the first, but still, a huge amount of white stuff left his body to land on the shower floor. I wondered where it was all coming from as his balls were not that large.

"Don't stop," he moaned as my hand slowed.

I picked up speed a little and a third squirt, followed by a fourth, shot out of him.

"Oh Felix," I whispered in amazement, "where do you keep it all?"

Finally, he was spent. His cock began to soften and I squeezed the last few drops from him.

"I have never seen that much come out of someone," I told him as I watched the river of spunk slide down the drain.

"I don't usually produce that much," he told me, "you just turned me on so much."

"Flattery will get you everywhere," I chuckled.

"Would you like to take me to dinner?" He asked.

"Yes I would," I replied.