 Felix took me to a small restaurant in a quiet part of town. I noticed that all the diners were male, so were the waiters.

"You will like it here," he told me, "the food is good and we are amongst friends."

He was right about the food, it was indeed very good.

"I'm just off to powder my nose," he told me after we had finished our main course.

He got up and went off to the toilets, leaving me sitting on my own. I noticed a couple of other diners get up and follow him out of the dining room.

"He might be a while," the waiter told me as he picked up our dirty plates, "would you like a coffee?"

"Oh, o.k.," I replied.

I sat and looked around as I drank my coffee and waited for Felix. Several of the other diners looked back at me and smiled, some even winked at me.

"That was fun" he said as he sat back down, "have you ordered dessert?"

"No, I thought I would wait for you. What have you been doing?"

"Go and find out for yourself. Dessert will be waiting when you get back."

I got up from the table and went towards the door marked toilet. I heard several other diners get up from their tables as I walked past them.

There were several cubicles and I went in one, closed the door and opened my fly. I took a piss, emptying my bladder of the coffee I had drunk. I gave my cock a shake and put it away. Just as I turned to undo the door I noticed a hole in the cubicle wall.

'Oh,' I thought to myself, 'that is why he was gone for so long.'

Just then, six inches of cock flopped through the hole.

'Why not,' I thought to myself.

I wrapped my fingers around it and pulled back it's foreskin. I heard a moan through the panel of the cubicle as the cock's owner felt my hand on his flesh.

'Enjoy,' I said silently as I began to run my hand up and down the shaft of the stiffening cock.

I moved my hand slowly at first, but picked up speed after a minute or so. The cock in my hand was warm and hard and I loved the feel of it.

"Uh!" Came a cry through the wall.

I looked down to see a rope of thick creamy cum shoot out of the cock and land on the toilet floor. I slowed my hand and watched it expel another strand of cum, followed by another.

"All done," I said softly as the initial flood became a trickle and I squeezed the last drops out.

I released my grip and the cock was withdrawn. I heard a thud and turned to see that there was a hole in the other wall through which a large stiff cock had been thrust.

'He's keen,' I thought as I took hold of it and began to rub it.

I decided to give him a fast wank and moved my hand rapidly from the off. I could hear heavy breathing through the wall and the cock began to move back and forth as I worked on it.

"Wow!" I exclaimed as a river of spunk shot out of the engorged purple helmet that I was rubbing my hand rapidly over.

The load that it shot off was the biggest I had ever seen. It went right across the cubicle and splattered the wall opposite, running down like hot wax runs down a lit candle.

As soon as that cock was removed another was pushed through the opposite wall and I serviced it as I had the others.

'I am proving popular,' I thought to myself as I made the cock splash spunk all over the toilet floor, 'how many more of them will there be?'

As it turned out, I ended up bringing seven cocks to a happy ending and the floor of the toilet was a white slippery swamp by the time I was finished. I carefully made my way out of the cubicle, trying hard not to get cum on the soles of my shoes.

"Did you have fun?" Felix asked as I sat back at our table.

"Yes I did," I replied.

"I think they like you," he said to me as he looked around the room.

I turned my head to see several men of differing ages smiling at me and saying something to their supper companions, who nodded in approval.

"The gentleman at table four has sent you this," said the waiter as he placed a chilled bucket containing a bottle of champagne on our table.

I looked over to see a man in his forties give me a little smile and a wave. His young companion turned to see me and also smiled broadly at me.

"Thank him for us," I told the waiter.

A little later, the waiter handed me a note.

"Ooh, what does it say?" Asked Felix.

"The man who gave us the champagne is inviting us back to his for a nightcap, do you want to go?"

"Why not? It could be fun."

 *  *   *  *  *  *  *

The man's name was Gustav, and his companion was named Ludo. Gustav was forty-four, a little overweight, but with a full head of hair and lovely teeth. Ludo was the same age as Felix, just as slim and just as attractive.

"It's not far to my apartment," he said as he drove us away from the restaurant in his Mercedes.

 *  *   *  *  *  *  *

Once we were in Gustav's apartment he handed us all a brandy and invited us to sit.

"Siegfried," Gustav said to me, "why don't we sit here and watch the twinks fuck?"

I looked across at the two young men sitting on the sofa opposite where I was sitting next to Gustav. Ludo put his arm around Felix and gave him a squeeze whilst smiling at me. Felix put his hand on Ludo's thigh and gave that a squeeze.

"I think I might like that," I replied.

The two young men stood up and stripped off. I could feel my cock stiffening in my trousers as I watched more and more beautiful young flesh being revealed to me.

"Oh my," whispered Gustav in my ear, "they are delicious."

Once naked, Felix and Ludo put their arms around each other and kissed open-mouthed, something I liked to see. I could hear Gustav breathing heavily as he too became aroused by what he was watching.

Felix sat on the sofa, legs wide apart. His big stiff cock was standing proudly out from his crotch and his smooth balls were resting on the sofa cushion. Ludo squeezed some KY onto his fingers and put them to his ass, then he reached down and spread some over Felix's big hard cock.

"This is going to be such fun to watch," Gustav said quietly.

Ludo stood facing Gustav and me. He smiled at us as he slowly lowered himself onto Felix's cock. I sighed involuntarily as I watched that big meaty beast disappear inside that young tight ass.

"Uuuuh," moaned Felix as he felt his cock being squeezed up inside the other twink's bum.

"Oh," moaned Ludo as he felt himself being filled.

I heard the sound of a zip being pulled down and then my wrist was grabbed and my hand moved across. I did not need to look, I just opened my fingers and wrapped them around the stiff cock that belonged to the man sitting next to me.

"Mmmm," he murmured as I pulled back his foreskin and began to rub him slowly.

Ludo began to wriggle around on Felix and Felix reached around and took hold of his cock, which was erect. Ludo stopped moving and let Felix wank him whilst having his cock lodged firmly up his ass. I moved my hand faster as I heard Gustav's breathing get heavier, I knew that watching the two young men was turning him on a lot and that he was getting close to finishing.

"Oh yes, oh yes," he sighed as my hand moved up and down.

Felix brought Ludo off just as I heard Gustav grunt. I looked on as several thick ropes of cum flew out of Ludo and striped his tummy, then I turned my head and looked down to see that Gustav had coated his shirt in a similar mess.

"That was nice," Ludo said as he climbed off of Felix.

"Get on the floor," Gustav told him in a husky voice, still trying to compose himself after having shot his load.

Ludo did as ordered and got onto his hands and knees. Felix did not need to be told what to do, his ardour was up and the ass presented in front of him was too tempting to ignore. He crouched behind Ludo and shoved his cock back where it had been only moments before.

This was too much for me. I had not come yet and my balls were aching with frustration. I unzipped my fly and released my rock hard cock, which sprang out of my underpants like a jack-in-the-box.

"Ah" said Gustav, "I wondered when I would get to see him."

He took hold of my cock and pulled back my foreskin. 

"He is getting excited," Gustav said as he looked at my glans which was glistening with pre cum.

"Uh,uh,uh,uh," moaned Ludo as he received a pounding from Felix.

"Uh,uh,uh," replied Felix as he shoved his cock in and out of the twink under him.

"Oh, oh," I moaned as Gustav wanked me in time with Felix's thrusts.

Felix let out a long low groan and stopped moving. I could tell by his expression that he was filling Ludo's colon with a huge load of thick sticky cum. This, coupled with Gustav's expert wanking, brought me to a shuddering climax and I yet out a loud cry as I shot my pent-up load all over my shirt and trousers.

"Here he comes," chuckled Gustav as he watched my cock spew forth my sticky mess.

"My God, you are good at that," I said as he squeezed the last few drops from my softening cock.

"Practice dear boy, practice," he replied.

Felix pulled out of Ludo and sat back down on the sofa. Ludo crawled towards the door on his hands and knees, his buttocks clenched tightly shut.

"Where are you off to darling?" Asked Gustav.

"To the bathroom," he replied, "before his spunk spills out of me and all over your carpet."

"Good boy. We don't want any mess, do we?"

*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *

I sat up and looked around. The men I had dreamed about were asleep on the tables next to mine, the sheets covering them all had dark stains on them, just like on the one covering me. The woman called Morag entered the box and came towards me.

"Well, what do you think?" She asked.

"Incredible," was my reply.