 At 6:50 I was standing in front of Barnes & Noble waiting for Eric to get there. I was nervous as hell. What if he doesn’t show? What if he does, but then backs down? 

I had never been this nervous on a date before, but then I’d never been on a date with another guy. I’d been on dates with women before, and had had sex with other guys, but never dated. Add to that the fact that Eric was a pretty good friend of mine as well as someone I was very attracted to. It was almost too much. 

Only 6:54, time is moving way too slow. Why did I have to get here so early. Of course if I hadn’t tried to get here early I would have been very late, the subway doesn’t run on my schedule. 

My watch seemed to be mocking me for my impatience it was only 6:57. I smiled and spoke briefly to people I recognized going by. Why couldn’t Eric have been early for once in his life. 

Finally 7:00, took long enough, I must have been out here for like 25 minutes - well 11 minutes really but I swear that time was intentionally moving slower so it was like 25 minutes. 

It was 7:02 and panic started to set in, a thousand thoughts running through my mind. “He’s not coming.” “He changed his mind.” “ I pushed him too far this morning.” “He’s going to tell everyone about me.” “Maybe he’s just running late, he usually is.” 

Sanity finally took hold, “Calm down, just stop and think, if he’s not here in a minute give him a call, something may have come up. Regardless of what happens panic won’t help.” 

Easy for the rational part of my mind to say, while the rest of me was freaking out. Fortunately, I saw Eric heading up the sidewalk towards me. 

“You’re 5 minutes late, do you have any idea what you put me through.” 

He just gave me that sheepish grin of his, who could stay mad at someone like him for very long. Not that I was mad, mostly relieved that he showed. 

“So where do you want to go eat?” I asked him, that kind of details are important. 

“Hmmm... How about we head over to Harvard Square.” 

“Ok sounds good to me.” So we started walking towards the steps to take us down to catch the T again outbound. 

Unfortunately it being dinnertime the T was packed. But that’s ok, Eric and I at least found a spot on the train where we could stand close together and out of the way. 

We just chatted the whole trip. When we finally got to Harvard Square we decided on some Chinese food for dinner. It was a great dinner, the food wasn’t bad either. We could just talk to each other. To anyone else nearby we seemed to be just good friends chatting over dinner. Between the two of us though it was like we were weaving a web of intimacy between us. 

After dinner, we headed out to go catch a movie. Even with the long lines outside we were still in the movie pretty quickly. We had chosen a movie, which apparently wasn’t as popular as some of the others, and we had managed to get seats somewhat out of the way with no one else near us. 

As soon as the lights dimmed Eric surprised me by reaching over and grabbing hold of my hand. We sat like that through the whole movie. It was fantastic, just being close to him holding his hand - a gentle intimate contact. 

I wish we could have stayed like that forever, but of course the movie ended so we left and headed out to catch the T again. This time the T was much emptier than earlier and we even got a bench so we could continue to sit together. The benches on the T aren’t very large normally that makes it seem more crowded, but I didn’t mind a bit having to sit closer to Eric. 

“So what do you want to do now.” I asked him, hoping that involved both of us together. 

“I don’t know, what do you want to do.” 

“We could always go back to my place and watch some TV.” 

“OK.” I had cable at my apartment, which he didn’t have in his dorm so I had a lot better selection there than he had. 

We arrived back at my apartment. “Something to drink?” 

“OK.” 

I returned back to the living room with two sodas, to find Eric stretched out on the couch. I set his drink down and moved towards the chair when he says: “Come lay down over here with me.” 

I was all for it except for one thing, I was two inches taller than him. “That sounds good to me, except for one thing, I’m two inches taller than you, if I sit in front you can’t see the TV.” 

“Oh good point.” So he stood up and let me stretch out on the sofa before lying down beside me. I slid my arm around him and heard no complaints from him, so I hugged him to me tightly. I was after all taking it slow at his request don’t want to scare him off. 

We talked for a very long time that night, nothing major just talk. Occasionally getting quiet to listen to the TV. It was during one of these quiet moments that I realized Eric had fallen asleep in my arms. 

I was comfortable and apparently so was he so I cut the TV off, hugged him up against me and went to sleep. I don’t think I’ve ever slept more soundly than I did that night just holding him against me. No dreams this night though. 

When I awoke, the sun was shining in through the window, I should’ve shut the shades last night, but I didn’t know it would be a problem until after I’d gone to sleep with Eric - and there was no way I was getting up then. It wasn’t until a few minutes after waking up that I realized that Eric was already awake. 

“Good morning.” It truly was a good morning, of course any morning waking up with Eric would be. 

“Good morning yourself, sleep well?” 

“What do you think. How long have you been awake?” 

“About 25 minutes.” 

“Why didn’t you get up?” 

“It would have woken you up, and besides that I was comfortable.” Well who could argue with logic like that. 

“So what do you want to do today?” 

“Well I wouldn’t mind staying like this but I do have to take a piss, and something to eat would be nice for a start.” 

“Scrambled eggs and toast ok?” 

“Fine by me.” Just hold him all night while he sleeps and he’s easy to please... not that that’s a complaint. 

He got up and went to the bathroom, I went to the kitchen. I got out everything and set the toast in the toaster and started a pot of coffee. When he came out of the bathroom I went in and emptied my aching bladder. Just for good measure I brushed my teeth. 

When I came back into the kitchen he gave me a kiss. 

“No fair, you got to brush your teeth, I don’t even have a toothbrush here.” 

“Well if you want you’re welcome to use mine, but I also keep a spare up in the medicine chest which you can help yourself too.” 

“Thanks.” 

He left the room and I got started cooking the eggs. In a few minutes he was back with me and breakfast was done. Shortly after that breakfast was done. 

“So you never answered me, what do you want to do today?” 

The food and caffeine had gotten to his head now because he returned: “Yes I did, I’ve already done what I wanted to do.” 

Yes, he was wide-awake now. “OK so now that you’ve done that what do you wanna do now.” 

“Well I’d love to take a shower. After that I don’t know.” 

“Well you’re welcome to take a shower here if you want, but you’ll have to go back to your dorm if you want to change clothes, don’t know how well my stuff would fit you, but you might be able to find something.” 

“Well why don’t we go take a look and see if there’s anything there.” 

We finally managed to find something that didn’t look too bad, the height difference really made the proportions all wrong. 

“You can go ahead and shower first, since you are after all the guest.” 

“Why don’t you take a shower with me.” 

“I’d love to, but are you sure you’re ready for that?” 

“Yeah I think so.” Then he gave me that smile of his, how could I possibly say no to that, of course that was what he had planned. 

He was so sexy smiling at me like that I just had to do it. I walked over towards the bathroom, but when I got to him, I suddenly turned and kissed him. I guess I caught him off guard at first, but it didn’t take him long to respond to my kiss. Sliding my tongue into his mouth and wrapping my arms around him. Yes he was definitely ready, the way his tongue wrestled against mine I could tell he’d been waiting for this for a long time. 

Finally we broke the kiss. I wrapped my arm around him and we headed towards the bathroom. I still wanted to leave him as much control of the situation as possible - I didn’t want to scare him off - so I offered: 

“How do you want to do this, undress ourselves or undress each other.” 

He just flashed that sexy mischievous grin and walked over to me, lifting my shirt over my head and kissing me on the nipple as he did so. What a way to answer a question. 

After he’d lifted my shirt all the way off I leaned forward and kissed him again. I unbuttoned his shirt and I followed my hands with my mouth, kissing down his neck then his chest until finally I had gotten to his waistband. 

At which point I kissed my way back up his stomach, I loved the treasure trail that ran from his below his waist up to his chest in between his abs. When I got back to his head I kissed him again on the mouth. 

It was his turn again and he reached down and undid my pants, loosed they dropped to the floor and I stepped out of them. I undid the buckle on his belt, released the button and lowered his fly, letting his jeans fall to the ground. 

His erection made a very noticeable and delicious looking bulge in his boxer shorts. I stepped back up to him kissing him again and pressing my cloth-encased cock into his. 

He moaned quietly, and I decided that if I died right now I’d go happy. Fortunately though that didn’t happen. I broke the kiss and went over to cut the shower water and on and let it warm up. Then went back to him. 

It was time now. As I came up to him I reached down with my hands and put them under the waistband of his boxers. Giving his cock a quick caress, I slid them down off his hips and let them drop to his ankles. 

His cock stood straight and waved proudly in the steamy air of the bathroom. He moved up to and reached his hand down to the front of my boxers, massaging my cock through the fabric it was straining against. 

Then in one smooth motion dropped my boxers down to my feet. We walked over towards the shower and stepped in. My shower really wasn’t designed for two people but we didn’t mind being close to each other. 

Eric picked up the washcloth and the bar of soap building up lather on the cloth. Setting the bar of soap off to the side he started washing my chest, then he pulled forward and kissed me again. 

Washing across my chest until he reached my right nipple, which he then pinched through the cloth. Then he washed down across my arm and then came back up and I raised my arm for him to wash underneath. 

It was a slow sensual caress. I hadn’t had anyone wash me since I was a child, yet here I was like a child again - submissive. It’s an act of trust, not just letting someone else wash you - you are surrendering to their will - and it is much more intimate. 

He washed my entire front then I washed his, with the same gentleness with which he washed mine, then he turned around and allowed me to wash his back for him. When I had finished his back he turned around and I faced away from him. The sensuality of the situation kept us both aroused throughout this whole ordeal. 

We stepped out of the shower and dried each other off, then went into my bedroom. We kissed again. Mouths locked in passion, tongues sliding against each other. Our bodies pressed so closely together that we were almost one person. 

We lay down across my bed, and kissed some more. Neither of us could get enough of the other. I reached down to stroke his cock. 

I ran my finger along the ridge on the underside of his cut hardon. I could feel his body tense as sensations of pleasure ran through his body. While continuing the stimulation on his cock, I licked and nibbled at first his right nipple and then his left. 

It was now time to move onto the next phase. I stopped stroking him and licked and kissed my way down between his pecs, down to his abs, licking in between them and around them. Next to his navel teasing him with my tongue for just a minute before continuing lower. 

I licked up his steel-hard shaft. And wrapped my lips around the head of his cock, flicking my tongue against the slit driving him crazy. I slid my head down the shaft and then sliding it back up. 

Pushed beyond endurance it took only a few seconds for Eric to come. His body writhing in ecstasy he fired shot after shot of his salty sweet cum. 

When he finally calmed I climbed back up to his head, kissing him firmly on the mouth. “So how was that for your first time?” 

“Excellent but now it’s my turn,” and he slid down the bed and my body. Instead of going directly in like I did for him he decides to tease me further. 

He ran his hand around my cock, then slid his finger lightly over my nuts sending shivers through my body. Then back up to my cock. He let his finger trail up to the head and run across it, and then back down to the base and across my nuts, down the underside of my nuts to stroke that sensitive spot right between my legs. For his first time with another guy he certainly knew how to make me go crazy. 

When he’d finally had enough teasing me with his hand he lowered his mouth to my nuts and licked them all over. Then he sucked them into his mouth one at a time. Licking and sucking at them rolling them around in his mouth. 

I moaned softly - I’m not one to make much noise during sex - finally he decided to make his move. He lifted his head up to my cock and licked around the head eliciting another soft moan from me. 

Then he went on to attempt to swallow my cock, sucking on it and licking at it. A little too much teeth but then he was still a novice at it, so I can’t really complain. 

Within minutes his technique had improved rapidly and had me moaning with pleasure frequently. Finally he brought me to a tremendous orgasm. 

After I had finished with my climax, he came up to me and kissed me on the lips. “Thank you for being my first man.” 

“Oh you’re very welcome, but how did you learn how to tease someone like that?” 

“Stories on the net mostly,” at that he smiled. 

“Figures,” and I found myself smiling just because he was. “So what do you want to do now?” 

“Well why don’t we get dressed go out for a while.” 

“OK sounds good to me.” 

So we got dressed and headed out for a while. Visited a couple of shops and picked up some supplies from the grocery store for me to use to cook dinner with. 

When at last we headed back to my apartment it was about 7:30. We had dinner together, and then it was time for him to return to his dorm room, didn’t want his roommate asking to many questions yet. 

“I wish I could stay here tonight.” 

“So do I, but...” 

“Yeah, well at least we had this weekend, which was fun.” 

He smiled at that, “Although that’s a big understatement.” 

I kissed him, “So was that good enough for your first time? Was it everything you hoped for?” 

“Everything and more.” He kissed me again. 

We sat there for a long time just enjoying being with each other, but he had to return to his dorm. When he left I thought back over the weekend and how we had suddenly gotten together, and how it seemed like we’d always been together. I was happy, and I spent that night dreaming of just being with him.