 What follows is the completely true story of the weekend that changed my life. This really happened to me and took place in the summer of 2008 just after graduating from high school.

 My name is Andrew and I was a major stoner in school. I had a lot of friends, mostly due to the fact I always had really great weed that I would get from my rich old neighbor who had a medical card and so much herb he would just give the stuff away. I always considered myself straight and tried to hook up with girls but never had any luck. I blamed this on my slender frame, my pale skin, my long messy brown hair and hitting puberty so late I had almost no body hair at 18 and worse of all was my curse of freezing up whenever a girl would talk to me.

 I hated myself for not looking like the typical alpha male but the thing that really made me self conscience was something no girl had ever seen. I have a small dick, no more than 3" long and thin when fully erect, and this made me fear that even if I could get with a girl from school, she would laugh at me and everyone would know that I was good for nothing except maybe a free smoke out. 

 I had all but given up on finding a girl to be with and resigned myself to a summer of hanging out with friends and getting blazed all day every day. I was up for anything fun that would take my mind of my perceived failings so I was glad to get a call from my friend Mike saying he had use of his family's cabin for the weekend. 

 Mike was the starting running back when we were still in high school and he looked the part. He was just under 6 feet tall and built with huge muscles from lifting weights constantly, he was originally from Colombia but had moved to the US when he was a kid. His Latino good looks got him so much pussy I was jealous all the time. But he was laid back and liked to get high so I was happy to be his friend. 

 Mike explained that I would need to bring enough weed for me, him, and Sean whom he also invited for the weekend would bring beer. Sean was the starting wide receiver the year before and was also a real chick magnet. He was tall, at least 6'2" blonde hair and blue eyes and he looked like some kind of male model. He was always walking around with his shirt off showing everyone his abs he worked so hard on. 

 Sean was kind of an asshole sometimes but I wasn't about to spend the weekend at home sneaking out to get blazed when I could be at Mike's cabin by the lake relaxing.

 The next day Mike and Sean picked me up and we left for what I thought would be a normal weekend smoking and drinking with friends--how wrong I was! A few hours later after lots of bullshitting about girls and politics we arrived at the cabin in a beautiful secluded area at the end of a small lake. We walked into the cabin and Mike showed us around. 

 The place was fully stocked with a liquor bar, two big couches and a giant flat screen in the living room. The small cabin only had one bedroom but had a large bathroom with a huge tub and walk in shower. Mikes family was so rich they even had a full wardrobe of clothes in the closet only to be used while they were visiting.

 Sean and I were admiring the layout of the cabin when Mike came up and grabbed us by the shoulders and happily said, "Roll some joints, Andrew. Let's get high and take a dip in the lake." 

 Sean smirked and said to me, "Oh right, that's why he brought you along." 

 I felt bad but Mike said with a smile, "Don't worry man, Sean is just an asshole. I invited you 'cause you're fun to be around.....and you have great weed."

 I spent the day smoking and watching Mike and Sean play in the lake. Their obvious strength and athletic ability made me feel bad for myself, seeing them wrestle in the water their muscles flexing while the water glimmered on their tan skin made me think that if this was my competition for women I was forever doomed to be alone. 

 I was laying there comparing my skinny body with its pale and nearly hairless skin to theirs when Sean ran out of the water and picked me up. I protested and struggled as hard as I could but it didn't seem to even register against Sean's strength. He ran into the water up to his knees then he flipped me around so I was upside down and dunked my head repeatedly into the water. 

 I thought this was humiliating enough, being dipped into the water upside down, but just as I realized my head was even with Sean's crotch, he shouted at Mike, "Hey Mike! Andrew likes being close to my junk!" snd then thrusted forward into my face.

 Even though it was only for a second I felt Sean's cock push against my face and past my lips. I was embarrassed not by having his cock against my face but by how huge it seemed to be. I could feel it start somewhere around my forehead and the end must have been past my chin. It was an order of magnitude larger than mine and I was instantly jealous that I couldn't have a big dick like this asshole Sean. 

 Mike told him to drop me and when I stood up they were both walking back to the cabin laughing. I was only upset Sean had such a big cock and I was stuck with my little prick.

 The sun was setting when we got back to the cabin. Mike turned on the TV told Sean to get the beer and the duct tape out.This confused me at first until Mike explained we would all be playing a drinking game called Edward 40 Hands. 

 The game consists of each player having two 40 ounce beers duct tape to their hands only to be removed when both beers had been finished. The big joke in the game is that you can't use your hands for anything until after drinking 80 ounces of beer. I had played the game before and knew it meant we would all be getting pretty fucked up and sloppy drunk, in fact the first time I played I ended up pissing myself because I couldn't open my fly. 

 Determined not to have that happen again I planned on making a fist so I could slip my hand out without anyone noticing, thereby being able to pee when I needed to or have a cigarette if I felt like it. I proceeded to tape a 40 to each hand of Mike and Sean then taped one of my hands tightly and then used my mouth to poorly tape my right hand, just enough to look convincing.

 Over the course of the next hour we all slowly got drunk while watching some stupid show about Dallas cheerleaders. Sean kept making stupid comments about how hot the girls' asses looked in their little skirts while Mike agreed. Eventually Mike got bored and in his drunkenness challenged Sean to a wrestling match outside. Sean enthusiastically accepted the challenge and we all made our way outside where it was now pouring rain. Mike ran into the newly formed mud pit that was the front yard and loudly exclaimed, "Sean! I bet you can't knock me over without spilling your beer!" 

 Sean laughed and ran towards Mike into the mud. I decided this was a good time to duck out to have a cig and a piss. I walked behind the house and pulled my hand free of the tape and beer and lit a cigarette. Looking down at my cock I remembered feeling Sean's big dick pressing against my face and I again felt like a loser. When I went back up front Sean and Mike were standing on the porch laughing, both completely covered in mud.

 I walked up to them happy I was able to get away and that I wouldn't be pissing myself this game. Realizing how muddy he was Mike said, "Ah fuck, how are we going to get clean if our hands are taped to these beers?" 

 Sean chimed in, saying, "I have no idea lets go inside and try to figure it out."

 As they walked by me towards the door Sean suddenly turned to me and yelled, "What the hell Andrew?! You stink like cigarettes! How the fuck did you smoke with your hands taped up?" 

 I froze, realizing I was caught I decided to confess to cheating. I pulled out my hand from the tape and said, "I didn't tape it up very good, it's just I pissed my pants last time I played this game and I didn't want that to happen again." 

 Mike laughed loudly and said, "Smart thinking, Andrew. I wish I would've thought of that... I have to pee like crazy!" 

 Sean smiled with a look that said I was going to pay for cheating. "Well because you cheated, you have to run the shower for us and help us get undressed," said Sean. 

 "Sounds fair," I said, feeling bad I had cheated. 

 "Oh yeah! And you have to help us piss 'cause we really can't do it on our own," said Sean. I didn't think much of this request but little did I know it would be the start of a life changing experience. 

 Sean and Mike walked into the cabin and they both ran into the bathroom trying not to make a mess tracking the mud everywhere. I finished the 40 that was still securely taped to my hand then cut the bottle off of me and sat my other beer on the counter. 

 "Get in here cheater!" Sean yelled from the bathroom. I walked in on Mike trying to push his muddy pants down to so he could pee while Sean laughed at him drunkenly dancing around trying without success. 

 "Quick Andrew, lift the toilet seat and pull my pants down now or I will piss myself!" Mike yelled. I hurried and followed his commands. As I pulled his pants down I caught a glimpse of his large uncut cock. I stared for a moment thinking that I might be the only guy with a small useless dick in the world. His cock couldn't have been as long as Sean's but good God was it thick. It must have been as wide as my wrist and it was covered in blue veins that stood up prominently from his dark skin. I also noticed his balls were so large and hung so low that they were both peeking out from his underwear even though I had pulled his pants half way down his thighs. 

 Sean said, "Stop staring at his package and lift the seat Andrew!" I felt myself blush a little as I quickly lifted the toilet seat. Sean and Mike both looked at each other and laughed. Then Mike let out a jet of urine that flew around wildly getting all over the toilet and floor. 

 "Help me out man!" he shouted. Without thinking I reached over and took hold of his monstrously thick cock and aimed it into the toilet. At first I didn't realize I was holding my friends cock, that I could feel his head under his foreskin and feel the rushing torrent of his piss leaving his body. When I realized I immediately let go and pulled my hand back, which again made him pee all over. 

 "Just aim it, I don't mind I just don't want to have to clean this up!" Mike shouted. So I did what I was told and held my friends beer can sized cock as he finished. When he was done I flushed the toilet and thought about how his dick was so massive that even soft I couldn't get my hand around it. I hesitated to think how thick it was when he was hard. 

 "Good job Andrew, thanks for the help," Mike said.

 Sean exclaimed "Yeah! Didn't think a little sissy like you could handle that much meat!" 

 "Shut up Sean," said Mike "I needed the help."

 Sean clumsily opened the glass door to the two person walk in shower. "Ok Andrew, turn on the showers and help Mike out of his clothes, I'm going to try and finish one of these beers," Sean said before unsuccessfully attempting to chug the remains of his beer. I did as I was told and helped Mike to step out of his shorts and wiggle free of his shirt. 

 I was momentarily awestruck by Mike's huge bulging muscles. His upper body was all giant muscles covered in a thin layer of fat that made him look so big he could of played a super hero in a movie. When he moved into the shower I admired his body, his toned V shaped back that led down to his round ass and two monstrous thighs thick from endless leg workouts. He was the definition of an alpha male. I looked at my own girly hairless chicken legs and wanted to curl up into a ball of self loathing.

 But Sean, always the jerk, snapped at me, "Hey! take off my clothes! I want to get this mud off me now.....or I can make you lick it off me!". 

 I quickly took off Sean's shirt, again exposing me to a completely different form of a perfect male body. He was ripped like a tall Aryan version of Bruce Lee, every muscle looked like it was cut from marble as I slowly lowered myself to my knees. As I pulled Sean's shorts down I suddenly realized I was transfixed by seeing his cock, the thought gave me pause as a million ideas swarmed through my head. Thoughts like, yes I get to see that cock I felt earlier, and god I hope when it comes free of the shorts it will bounce up and hit my face. 

 This was again very strange to me, I hadn't thought much about if I liked cocks. When I would watch porn I would sometimes say to myself, "Man that guy has such a nice cock." I had even wondered at times if it would be better to be the guy in a porn or the girl. I always thought my preoccupation with cock in porn came from my own inadequacies but now all the sudden I realized maybe it was because I really like the look of a large member, long and hard but silky smooth and admired by all the girls. 

 But sadly Sean's cock didn't fly out and slap me on my face. It just hung there less than a foot in front of my face, I stopped for a moment and just took in the sight of Sean's long cock that hung half way to his knees, as my gaze moved down his thin shaft I saw his very large and beautiful head. It was a soft pink color that for some reason made my mouth water. I almost involuntarily started to lean my face in closer but Sean stepped away and into the shower. 

 I looked up with my mouth open and a drip of drool running out and onto the floor then I turned and saw Mike looking at me with his eyes wide and a confused look on his face. I composed myself and walked out of the bathroom when I heard Sean say, "Hey Andrew we can't soap ourselves up! You need to stay in here and get to work on us."

 Without thinking I shouted back, "You can get clean without soap." I immediately cursed to myself for passing up the opportunity to get a closer look at the their perfect bodies. When I reached the kitchen I was in full internal conflict. A rapid argument was occurring inside my now tipsy mind. God I want that cock, I thought. Then I thought, why do you want to be close to their cocks? I grabbed my half full beer from the counter and drank as much as I could. 

 When I stopped for a breath I realized with surprise that my hand was rubbing my crotch through my shorts. I was rock hard! I panicked and thought the guys would see me being aroused by their nudity but I looked and my tiny dick was barely visible past my trunks. So I relaxed a bit then I heard Sean yell, "Hey cheater! It's not working we need you to soap us up!" I jumped at the thought and moved back to the bathroom.

 When I entered Sean and Mike were covered in a fog from the hot water. "Alright Andrew grab the soap and get to work," Mike said. I took the soap and lathered up my hands. I started on Sean, I dragged the soap across his smooth and defined shoulders watching the soap roll down his back and into his ass crack. I looked at the bubbles with envy, imagining myself running my mouth along the same path. 

 Sean laughingly said, "Clean my junk I have mud all over down there." Without hesitation I moved both my hands down his back and around his body to his package. 

 I had just started to soap his pubic hair when he snapped, "I was joking bro, you must really like touching cock". 

 Mike responded with, "Hey, he is clean enough Andrew help me out." I moved to Mike and started on washing off the mud that was caked on his chest and abs. Mike had a smile on his face as I soaped up his chest, without thinking I started to use both of my hands even though I only had soap in one hand. I was transfixed by how his body felt as I slid my hands over his six pack and back to his huge pecs. Sean said he was done and when he got out of the shower Mike turned and ran the water over his head. 

 My hands slid down to his thighs and rubbed up and down, each pass my hands got closer to his cock. All of the sudden I realized I was soaping up Mikes balls. For a split second they hung heavy in my hand. I began to fondle them, rolling them in my palm when Mike's body tensed up and he said, "That's good Andrew I got it from here." I leaned out of the shower and noticed Sean with his back to me. I stared at his muscular and manly ass that had surprising little hair on it. 

 Sean looked at the towels and said, "I can't dry myself cheater!" I grabbed the towel and started drying. Mike left the shower and commanded me to dry him off too. As I dried Mikes beautiful body, without my knowledge Sean had grabbed a shower head and turned it on me. "Cheaters get wet too!" Sean shouted as he unleashed a stream of water all over my clothes. 

 "Dick move," Mike said standing up for me. 

 Sean answered, "Big deal he has to change, besides he seen both of us naked it only fair to see him naked too." They both laughed while I started to disrobe. I removed my clothes down to my underwear then stopped. Only then did I notice both guys staring at me smiling. 

 "Take it all off," Sean said, I looked at Mike but he just smiled in agreement with Sean. I turned away from them in shame and bent over to remove my briefs. 

 "Holy shit Andrew you have the most girly ass I have ever seen, from behind I can barely tell your a boy," Sean said. 

 I turned to grab a towel to cover up and noticed both guys looking at my ass with eyes wide and little smirks of excitement. For some reason this filled me with a flirtatious lust I had never felt before. I wanted to slip my towel off so they could get a better look, maybe even shake my ass or bend over. I felt sexually desired for the first time in my life and it unleashed something I never knew existed. I needed to do anything to make them want me so I could keep this high that I was suddenly feeling going. But instead of that I froze up like always until Sean said, "Time for your punishment Andrew, you cheated at Edward 40 Hands so now you must start over!"

 We went to the kitchen where Mike and Sean quickly finished their beers and demanded I cut the tape off them so they would finally be free, I did as I was told. I was already tipsy and knew it was a bad idea when Mike grabbed the tape and beer and proceeded to tightly tape two full beers to my hands. My towel was barely hanging on to my body and I had no ability to do anything about it. 

 Sean hurried to the computer and started browsing porn sites. "Hey Sean you can make the flat screen the pc monitor by changing the input, lets all watch whatever your looking at," Mike said. A second later porn was playing on the huge screen in the living room. I was chugging beer as fast as I could but I wasn't making a dent in the fresh 40s and I started to realize how drunk I was when I noticed the video playing was just flashes between scenes of girls getting fucked and pictures of huge cocks. 

 I thought to myself what a strange porn. There was a loud and deep techno beat and words being shown on the screen. Phrases like "suck cock" or "follow orders" and even "You're a sissy slut." I stood glued to the screen with my mouth wide open. 

 I didn't realize Sean had left the room until he came back in saying, "I found something in the closet for Andrew to wear, it looks like his towel is falling off." 

 I heard Mike laughing and saying, "Yeah, right on!" before I peeled my eyes away from the porn. Sean had a small piece of red fabric in his hands. I didn't know what it was until he held it up and I realized it was a mini skirt that looked like a short version of a cheerleaders skirt. 

 "Put it on, it's better than being naked," Mike said with a smile. 

 Slurring my speech I said, "Sure anything to help, this towel is not doing it for me." I turned away, even if I was drunk I still didn't want them to see my little dick when they had such amazing monster cocks, and I let my towel drop just as Sean helped me into the skirt and pulled it up. 
