 I spent the next several days trying to figure out how to repay Duncan. I had to. The encounter in my shower had touched me more deeply than I had imagined. While it was totally comfortable and even seemed natural at the time, there was no mistaking the sexual element that had been involved. It also struck me that both of us had seemed completely in touch with the other. There hadn't been any coaxing or pressure needed for either of us. It was as if we had known what the other was going to do. For my part, I welcomed it. Though I had always considered myself straight, I wasn't afraid of being naked or even sexual with another guy. So if this was the way our friendship was going to go, I was ready for it. And so, I spent a lot of time wondering what I might do with Duncan that would leave him feeling the way I had felt when I stepped out of the shower that Saturday.

I got the opportunity to try the next weekend. We had gone out for a long bike ride Friday afternoon, and another one Saturday morning. When we pulled up to my house on our bikes, Duncan let out a big sigh.

"Man, I'm beat. That was a great ride. Let's kick back and watch a game. I need a little rest."

'Perfect.' I thought. 'This is going to work out just like I had hoped.' 

"I have another idea."

He looked at me a little warily. 

"Don't worry. You'll like it." I looked him straight in the eye. "I trusted you last weekend. You get to trust me this weekend." He got the message.

We put our bikes away and headed into the house. 

"Take a shower and then join me in the master bedroom."

He headed into the guest bathroom and I hurried upstairs to get ready. Thinking this might happen, I had already set out most of what I wanted that morning before going on the bike ride. I took a quick rinse shower too, and then waited for Duncan to arrive. 

He came up the stairs a few minutes later, a big towel wrapped low around his waist. 

"You're sore and tired. I'd like to give you a massage, if that's ok with you."

He gave me a small smile which said it was definitely ok. "What do you want me to do?"

I motioned him toward the bed. I had spread an enormous towel out and had a large bottle of massage oil sitting on a table. My room has dark carpet and the furnishings are also dark. I had pulled the drapes and the room was cast in warm shadows.

"You won't need this," I said, pulling his towel off as he walked by. He looked down at the black spandex boxer briefs I was wearing. 

"Neither will you." He hooked a finger in the low slung waistband and snapped them gently. "If I'm naked, so are you." He looked me straight in the eye as I took them off.

Again, that feeling of comfort and trust came over me. Here was Duncan, my best friend, standing naked in front of me. And yet, it didn't feel awkward or forced. There was a great sense of liberation, knowing that we could be totally open and free with each other.

I put my hand on his shoulder and guided him to the bed, having him lay face down with his arms straight out to his sides and his legs spread. I stood there for a moment, admiring his lean, strong form.

"Music?" I asked. I wasn't sure exactly what kind of mood to try to strike during this session. I had thought about it, but everything I had considered seemed either blatantly sexual or forced casual.

"Yeah, a little music would be good." His voice was muffled.

I turned on the stereo and put in a couple of mix CD's of middle of the road stuff. There was a nice calm feeling in the room. 

I walked back over to the bed and began rubbing oil into my hands and dribbling some along his calf and thigh. I had had a number of massages, including some real mind-blowing ones in Thailand (they weren't sexual, but VERY thorough). I intended to replicate them for Duncan and just let my hands do the work.

I began at his feet, lifting them up and resting them against my chest while I worked my fingers in between his toes and along the bottom of his foot and heel. With his foot still resting against me, I worked my hands up and down his calf, kneading and working out the tension. 

I slowly laid his leg back down on the bed and began working his thigh, squeezing and pulling at the strong muscles there. Duncan had great powerful legs and it was a joy to be caressing him. His legs were tan and covered with the finest downy hair. They felt smooth to the touch, and the generous amounts of oil I was coating him with made his skin smooth. I worked my way up his thigh all the way to just below his ass. 

I began working my hands around his thigh, getting in between his legs and brushing my fingertips against the base of his balls and delicately touching the soft skin behind them. I hadn't forgotten the attention he had given me there in the shower and I wanted to be sure I didn't neglect any part of his body. 

With one hand, I began gently rubbing at the outside of his hip while I brought the other up between his legs. I would bring my hands together at the bottom of his ass, and then apart again, not quite grabbing his cheeks completely. I supposed I was teasing him just a little. I did this a few times, and sure enough, on the fourth or fifth pass, he shifted down just a little. 

With that bit of non-verbal coaching, I took his ass cheek firmly in both hands and began to rub it. The side of my palm resting deep in the crack of his ass and the other hand moving between his hip and cheek. 

I rubbed back and forth for a minute and then slid my hand deeper down between his cheeks until I was just over his tight hole. I rubbed there for a moment and then grabbed the oil and ran a trickle of it right down between his cheeks. I began massaging him with one hand, letting my middle finger trace up and down his smooth, hard crack while the other fingers splayed out to either side. 

The first few times, I didn't stop at his puckered anus. I simply glided past, making sure there was plenty of oil everywhere. I didn't know what Duncan was thinking, but I couldn't take it anymore. On the next pass down, I hooked my finger into his ass while the other fingers continued on down. Duncan gasped a little, but pushed his ass towards me just a bit, signaling me to continue. I wanted to. Oh God, how I wanted to. But I had other plans and didn't want to get derailed just yet.

I penetrated him just a little, just enough for both of us to know I did, and then continued to the other half of his ass. I repeated my process there, rubbing and pressing and adding oil regularly. I had to stop for a moment and admire his tight, smooth ass, shiny with oil and a little red showing through the tan. Tan? In that moment, I realized for the first time that Duncan had no tan lines. His ass was a delicious light golden brown. I hadn't known he tanned in the bare. But now that I knew, it seemed we might have another activity to share together.

Before I moved to his other leg, I stopped for a minute and grabbed a small towel. I folded it over a couple of times and laid it directly over his slick little hole. With the palm of my hand, I pressed hard against the towel. I had had this done to me a couple of times, and it sends an incredible shiver deep up your insides. I had loved the feeling and made sure to repeat it a couple of times with Duncan. His breathing stopped the first time and I could see him tense and relax with it. He clearly enjoyed the new sensation.

I forced myself to refocus and continue. I worked my way down his other leg all the way to his foot. I re-oiled both legs and his butt again. I loved running my hands over him and I loved the sheen of his skin covered in the oil.

I then climbed onto the bed and straddled his ass. I sat down on his butt, my cock and balls resting against the crack of his ass and began massaging his shoulders and back. Duncan has a strong lean back with strong shoulders and a wide chest that tapers to a surprisingly narrow waist. I worked up and down his back in long strokes. Each time I reached up to his shoulders, I rolled forward and my cock (which had been rock hard since massaging his ass) would press between his cheeks a little. 

I think I massaged his back longer than I needed to, but I was feeling the tension building in my groin and I couldn't stop rocking back and forth, pressing my cock against him. I hadn't known it was going to be this difficult. 

I again forced myself to continue. With a great deal of will power, I climbed off his back and sat down next to him, taking his arm in my hands and working my way down to his wrist and fingertips. I spent quite a bit of time on one arm, then sat on the other side of him and did the other. When I finished with both arms, I had him roll his head forward and began massaging his neck and up into his scalp.

"I hope you don't mind a little oil in your hair." 

"I hope you don't stop." My heart soared when I heard him utter those perfect words. 

I didn't say anything back; I just continued to rub his head, his ears, his temples, everywhere I could get. Finally, I had him turn over and I continued to touch his face, letting my fingers feel their way along.

I slowly worked my way down to his neck and then his chest. Though he was strong in the chest, he was not over-muscled. I applied plenty of oil and again reveled in the sheen of his smooth, tight skin over his firm chest and abs. 

This time, I didn't climb on top of him. I wasn't sure I would be able to continue if our cocks were rubbing together, poking and prodding at one another. I just sat beside him, shifting myself down a little each time until I got to his hips. I ran my hands in long strokes from his chest down to his hips and upper thighs, then back again. 

I tried not to pay too much attention to his cock, fearing the distraction. But I brushed it several times. It was hard and twitched each time my hands went by it. I stayed focused on his torso for as long as I could, and then began working my hands in circles around his lower belly between his navel and the top of his cock. My hands stayed flat against his body.

I worked my way down his legs, but frankly, I hurried a bit. I had worked them pretty good the first time and really just wanted to get him completely oiled up. I finished each leg and spent a little time on the top of each foot.

Finally, it was time. I had him spread his legs wide and I sat down between them, his cock at just the right distance. Still keeping my hands flat against his body, I made a large circle with my hands, framing his cock and balls. I pressed against him a little, causing his manhood to stand out even more from his body. 

He was gorgeous. His cock was large, very large at the base, and tapered nicely along it's generous length to a nice tip. His entire pubic region was shaved smooth, and I loved the sensation of his delicate skin in my hands. His balls were large and heavy, hanging over my thumbs as I pressed down. 

I added a little more oil to my hands, and then, with as much professionalism and non-sexual focus as I could muster, I oiled his throbbing cock. I had never held another man's cock. Until Duncan had joined me in the shower the previous weekend, another man had not held mine. 

Now we were at a turning point. I had finished the massage. He was slick and shiny from head to foot. Though we were comfortable with each other's nudity and touching each other intimately, we had not been overtly sexual. But here I was with a slick, hard cock in my hand. Clearly, Duncan needed relief. I wasn't sure if he wanted me to give it to him, or if he wanted a few moments on his own.

"Duncan?" I asked quietly.

"Yes." The way he said it, I knew he wasn't acknowledging his name. He wanted me to continue. I wanted it, too.

I took his cock more firmly in my hand and continued to press against his groin with the other. I jerked him off slowly in long, smooth strokes, sliding my hand out to the tip until I almost let go, then sliding down and pressing hard at the base. I felt his cock grow harder and longer in my hand. I pointed his cock straight up at the ceiling and began to move faster and harder. My other hand began fondling his balls and running up the crack of his ass.

It didn't take long. He was already well worked up by now and with a sudden clenching of his hips, he exploded in my hand. His semen shot straight up in the air and came down on his belly. Several jets erupted out of him, splashing onto his belly, my hand, his cock. I loosened my grip, but continued to stroke him, coaxing his cum out, making his cock slick with it.

Finally, he relaxed, spent. His semen was everywhere. His body was a glorious mix of tanned, oiled skin and evidence of his orgasm. The sight of him blew my mind. 

He put his head up to look at me. "Your turn."

I couldn't wait. My cock was in desperate need of a little stimulation. I kneeled between his legs, and with just a few quick thrusts, came in long, powerful jets over his body. I pointed some at his beautiful cock. With my spare hand, I began stroking and rubbing him again, our cum mixing together on his beautiful body. I knew that our relationship had turned a corner. This was definitely not the last time we would share an orgasm. 

I grabbed a towel and began slowly cleaning him off, already thinking of what the next time would be like.

...STILL MORE TO COME...