 Final Chapter

This is the final chapter in my odyssey towards sexual bliss with my best friend, Duncan. I hope you enjoy it. Please take the time to post a comment or send me an email. Thanks for reading!

"What do you want?"

I didn't, couldn't, answer.

"What do you want?"

Duncan had my face in his hands, trying to pull my eyes up to look at him. We were standing in a small corridor at a club, the music thumping through the walls. Both of us were covered in a sheen of sweat. I couldn't speak. Not yet.

"Marty? Just say it."

"You, Duncan. I want you."

*****

Duncan had spent the night a week ago, our exploration with the toys had continued until we were exhausted and neither of us had any fluids left in our bodies. I had never had a more erotically satisfying or exhausting experience. 

Very early Monday morning, I took him to the airport. He was going to be on the road for work for two weeks. It was going to be excruciating not being able to see him. At the airport, we managed a very straight-acting handshake and hug with a quick pat on the back, but even then I was wanting more. 

On my drive to my office, I couldn't get him out of my mind. I arrived at my parking spot not remembering a single thing about the drive in. I had been on auto-pilot the whole way. He had gotten to me. His hard chest, trim waist, the way the skin of his lower back moved when he bent over. These thoughts consumed me. Over the course of the week, I was pulled from my day-dreaming more than once by a co-worker who had to repeat themselves three or four times. 

We talked almost every night on the phone. It was regular guy stuff, but there was a happy and undeniable tension underneath. 

On Thursday he called me on my way home from work. He was very excited.

"Marty, I'm coming home!" 

A thousand thoughts flooded my mind, all of them focused on exploring his luscious body.

"Oh, God, that's awesome! When?"

"We sign the contract in the morning. I'll be home by afternoon."

"I can get the day off. Do you need a ride?"

"No." In our rapid-fire conversation, this was a shot of cold water. In that nanosecond between him saying 'no' and explaining, my heart stopped. I had already envisioned my joy at seeing him again, anticipated another long weekend of fervid passion. In my naked enthusiasm, I took the 'no' to mean so much more than it did.

"I don't need a ride." He continued, not realized the shock he had caused. "The company is sending me a car. This is a big deal for us. I have to go into the office for a bit and talk to the executives, then I'm done for the weekend." He paused. "I want to spend it with you."

My heart, which a moment ago had been in my shoes, now soared. His two weeks away had turned into only a few days, and now we were going to spend another weekend together. 

We talked for a few moments more. He would come to my house Friday night, we would go out with some mutual friends, then the weekend would be ours to burn however we wanted.

I hurried home early from work on Friday to get ready for the evening. We were going to go dancing at some clubs and I wanted to look good. In the past, I had wanted to look good for the women we might meet. Now I wanted to look good for Duncan. 

An hour later I was shaved (everywhere) and dressed for a night out. I wore designer jeans that fit me just perfectly over a pair of thong underwear. I wore the thong for how it made me feel more than how it looked under the jeans. A simple button-up shirt hung open over a tight white t-shirt with mesh along the sides. It showed off my toned torso in a sensual way without being slutty. 

Duncan showed up a little early. He came in and closed the door right away. In a second, we were kissing each other with a desperate hunger. It was as if we had been separated for months. He looked awesome in a pair of light cotton pants that defined his sculpted ass so well, and was that a subtle yet oh-so-obvious bulge in front? No underwear lines for him, either. A light, airy black shirt hung open over a very snug black t-shirt that revealed his long hours of hard physical work. 

Our hands explored each other just a bit, the heat rising quickly when the doorbell rang again. I pulled back from him in surprise. 

"Wonder who that could be?" I said, half to myself.

"I ordered us a little surprise." He said. 

I opened the door and was indeed surprised to see a long limo parked along the street and the chauffer standing at my door. 

"What the heck is this?"

"The deal we signed this morning was a big one. My bonus was plenty big, too. Let's celebrate in style. We're going to pick up everyone else and then hit the town."

This night was just getting better and better. As we settled into the back seat of the limo, Duncan raised the privacy screen and moved over next to me. 

"I've been dreaming of your beautiful cock all week. I wanted to get that damn contract signed and back to you more than you can imagine." His hand found my inner thigh and began working it's way up as he spoke. As my cock began to harden, it gently pulled the strap of the thong along my ass, causing my cock to stir even more. 

I leaned in and kissed him again, but reluctantly pulled away after just a few moments. 

"Duncan...fuck, you turn me on so much!" I paused for breath. "We have to slow down a little or I'm going to cum in my pants before the night even starts."

He laughed. "You're right, Marty. You're right! We have all weekend together. No need to start off full force."

He moved away just a tiny bit, but kept his hand on my thigh. We rode in happy silence to meet our friends.

*****

The next few hours were everything I could have hoped for. Our friends were light-hearted and having a great time. Duncan and I spent time together, but also danced with plenty of pretty girls. I enjoyed dancing and flirting with them. We would dance close together, our bodies finding a rhythm, generating heat. But even though I found them sexy and passionate, my mind always went back to Duncan and his perfect body, his perfect face. For more hours than I could count, I tried to fake it with these beautiful young women. But they were nothing more than a distraction.

Finally, there was a break in the music. The very perky blonde I had been dancing with went bouncing away with her friends. I saw Duncan just finishing off a dance with one of the girls in our party. I grabbed him by the wrist and dragged him away. I couldn't wait any longer. 

We moved away from the main floor, winding our way through corridors and past smaller sections of the club until we found ourselves mostly secluded in a narrow service corridor.

I pushed Duncan up against the wall and kissed him with a fervor beyond anything I had ever felt before. He responded passionately. He thrust me against the opposite wall, his tongue and mine dueling. Our bodies were still covered in the sheen of sweat we had built up while dancing. My hands moved down to his ass, feeling his raw power through the light cotton. We kissed for an eternity until finally Duncan pulled back. He held my face in his hands. I was emotionally and passionately confused. Was I prepared to embrace a sexual life with another man? I had to confess it to make it happen, but I couldn't. I couldn't look him in the eyes. If I did, I would melt completely.

"What do you want?"

I didn't, couldn't answer.

"What do you want?"

Duncan had my face in his hands, trying to pull my eyes up to look at him. I couldn't speak. Not yet. The music thumped through the walls, echoing the thumping of my heart.

"Marty? Just say it."

"You, Duncan. I want you."

"I want you, too."

The kiss that followed was less violent, but no less passionate. We had finally given voice to our commitment and desire for each other.

We left the club, breezing past our friends with a quick 'not feeling well' comment. Duncan gave them a $50 for a cab, then we were out the door to the waiting limo before anyone could say anything.

"Drive for a while." Duncan instructed the driver. The screen went up and we were alone.

There was a certain added eroticism in being able to look out the windows and see other cars and people on the street and to still be private. 

Our pants were off in a second. My thong was damp from sweat and precum. It clung to my body. Duncan was wearing a pair of black transparent bikini underwear that were so fine they looked like almost nothing at all. His splendid cock was straining at the fabric. 

"Do something for me," he asked.

"Anything." 

"I want to stand in the sunroof and ride down the street with my cock in your mouth." 

I laughed long and loud. "What a terrifically nasty thing to do."

He opened the roof. I pulled his gauzy underwear down and began stroking his freshly shaved cock. He stood with his legs spread wide for balance and to give me some room to maneuver. 

The lights of the city rolled by and I sucked Duncan's cock. We were exposed and yet hidden at the same time. The night wind rolled through the compartment. We felt so free at that moment, like nothing else in the world mattered. I sucked him for a while, savoring the taste of him, running my tongue along his hard, smooth shaft and over his heavy, swollen balls, then stood up next to him in the open air, our cocks touching just below the roof, with only the thin fabric of my thong in the way. 

"My turn." I smiled wickedly at him.

"Of course." 

He dropped down and slowly released my cock from the thong, a finger sliding down my ass, pulling it out from between my cheeks. As my cock sprang free, Duncan wrapped it in his lips. The sweet hotness of his breath against the cool night air was exhilarating. We rode along for a bit, my arms raised in celebration as just below the roofline, my cock was sliding in and out of Duncan's hungry mouth. 

Finally, I came back down into the car and closed the roof. Duncan had already removed his shirt and was beautiful in his nudity. My shirt quickly joined the pile in the corner. I'd like to say we moved with the careful deliberation that had defined us up to this point, but we didn't. We were both consumed and had one goal in mind. 

I moved up to one of the long side benches, laying on my back. Duncan was on top of me in a second, his hands cruising the lines of my body. His tongue began lapping at my nipples, my abs, moving down to my cock. He sucked it briefly, but wanted to go lower. I rolled my hips forward and spread my legs, revealing the tight hole of my ass to him. 

As soon as the tip of his tongue touched my ass, I was electrified. My cock was fully erect. I knew we couldn't rush it, but God, I wanted him in me. I NEEDED him in me. All of him. I knew I could take it. There would be no pain, no hurt, only the pure bliss of our bodies finally connected. 

His tongue explored my ass, penetrating it a little, spreading saliva around. A finger slipped in, but it wasn't enough. I needed more.

After what seemed like an eternity, he kneeled between my legs. He began rubbing his cock around my ass, spreading his precum everywhere. I spread my legs as wide as they could go. I wanted to feel his cock stretching my ass. 

Finally, he paused. Just for a second. The tip of his smooth, hard cock poised at the entrance to my body. Our eyes met. No words were spoken, but we both knew it. We both wanted and needed what was about to happen. 

He entered me. All the way. 

His long, graceful cock slid to the hilt. There was no pain. The feeling was as much emotional as physical. This was the moment we had been building to so slowly over all these weeks. This precious moment when our bodies were joined in as intimate a way as they ever could be. I loved the feeling of his cock head sliding in and out of my ass, stretching me, filling me. The heat of it was incredible. I could almost feel his pulse when he slowed down. 

I watched his abs flex and relax with each thrust. I loved the way his face took on an expression of relaxed yet determined pleasure. His cock fit perfectly in my ass and my ass welcomed the penetration. 

We fucked for an eternal second. It was too short a time and yet the perfect amount of time, too. Duncan's thrusts intensified. He pushed deeper and deeper until finally his body locked. His cock swelled and then burst. I could feel the hot wetness of his semen coating my insides, soaking me with passion.

He stayed in me, moving slowly with the rhythm of the road. His cock slowly retreated and then finally slipped out. Though it had cried out for attention the whole time, I had deliberately left my cock alone. I wasn't going to only be the bottom. I wanted to feel Duncan's tight ass wrapped around my cock. 

"That was awesome," I said after Duncan had taken a moment to catch his breath. "But we're not done yet. Kneel on the floor."

Duncan smiled at me and complied. I don't think he had the energy at that moment to argue. 

I watched him raise his ass in the air. It always caught my breath watching his body move. There was a subtle sensuality to everything he did. I couldn't believe my great fortune that this man was my best friend, my lover and my future. His well-rounded tan ass was in the air, glistening in the dim light from the streetlamps that passed by. 

I moved in between his legs, smelling his scent, his semen, the power of his masculinity. My tongue found it's own way, moving without direction, seeking out the next part of flesh to be tickled and licked. My eyes were closed. I focused on the feel of him under my lips, the smell of him in my nose. I explored his ass with my mouth, something I would never have dreamed of a few months ago. But now it seemed the most passionate and natural thing to do. 

His ass was open and relaxed, ready for my touch. I sucked on my finger and slid it into his ass, a prelude to what came next. He moaned. 

"Do it, Marty. I want you now."

I pulled my finger out and ran my hand between his legs to his dangling balls and cock, giving his recovering manhood a couple of quick strokes, then coating my own cock with his semen. 

My cock was as hard as it had ever been. It was almost painful. I moved it to the opening of his ass, resting the tip just so. I loved the feeling of anticipation, the power of withholding from both of us, if just for a moment, the sensations we both were so desperate for. 

I entered him slowly, in one motion. He moaned again and pressed his ass against me. The sight of my cock disappearing into his beautiful ass was almost too much. I almost came on my first thrust. 

I stopped for a moment to give our bodies time to adapt to these new feelings. I could feel my cock quivering against the tight heat of his ass. The moment passed and we began to fuck again. 

I cannot begin to describe it. I felt everything. I felt my shaved balls as they pressed against his smooth skin. I felt the heat in the cheeks of his ass against my hips as I thrust into him. I felt the tight skin of his waist under my hands and I pulled him onto my cock. 

I felt so sexually alive and so connected and yet so passionately dirty, too. But dirty in a good way. Dirty when you know you are letting your passions and emotions drive you and you don't give a shit. Dirty when you're naked and your cock is in control and you want to revel in your most basic sexuality. I didn't care in that moment if the world saw what we were doing. I was liberated and free and fucking my best friend in his luscious ass. I loved it.

I was almost surprised when I finally came. I had been riding this emotional high, watching my body piston against Duncan's that I hadn't felt it until it was upon me. My body seized and with one final thrust, I shoved my cock as deep into him as I could. My orgasm overcame me and my cock erupted time and again. Every drop of cum was shooting out of me with amazing force. I came for what seemed an eternity, and then all at once, my energy left me. 

I slumped against Duncan and we slowly caught our breath for the second time that night. As my cock slowly relaxed, I pulled it gently out of him and fell back onto one of the side seats. The cool leather felt good against my sweaty skin. 

Duncan turned over onto his back and just lay on the floor. 

We rode in silence for a few minutes, smiling tiredly at each other. 

"Home?" I asked.

"Home."