 It had been a month since I met Dylan. I couldn't believe that I had given a blowjob for her, swallowed another man's cum and then after she got me off, she had me thrown out of the strip club. I can still remember the look in her eyes while I was being removed. It made me want her even more. On the drive home, I regained my composure and decided it was a onetime thing that would never happen again.

I was still fantasizing about Dylan and her beautiful body, but I knew that I couldn't let myself go back and see her again. She has just too much control over me and I need to stay in control.

I was pleased with my self control. It was Friday and I was looking forward to a date I had that night. I hadn't dated since my divorce a year ago, but my friend, Rob, had set me up with his wife's friend, Kristen. 

When I got to work, I retrieved my email and saw one with only the name Dylan. I froze for a moment, not opening it, and then closed my office door before opening the email. It read:

Hi Steve,

I've really missed you at the club. It was such a fun time the last time you were here I would have thought you would have been back by now. I'm sorry for having you kicked out, but it seemed like a fun thing to do. I hope you're not too mad. I do have a proposition for you. I hope you can stop by the club tonight to hear it.

Love ya,

Dylan

Her email seemed innocent, but I knew that Dylan was anything but innocent. How did Dylan get my work email address? I know I didn't give it to her. Then it dawned on me. When she made me go out into the alley to give the man a blowjob, she took my wallet so she would know that I didn't use the ATM. She must have taken a business card from it. My heart beat a little faster wondering what else she knows about me. I know I can't see Dylan again so after composing myself, I sent her a brief response:

Hi Dylan,

I had a great time with you last month. Thanks for all the fun. However, I need to move on. Take care,

Steve

I wondered what her response would be and I didn't have to wait long. About five minutes later, I got a message that said:

That's OK. Best of luck to you.

While I was relieved, it didn't seem like Dylan to just drop it like that. As the day went on though, I stopped thinking about her and started thinking about my date with Kristen. Then I received another email from Dylan:

Sorry to bug you again, Steve, but could you give me your ex-wife's email address. I'm sure she'd love to see the video I attached. Or I could just get it from one of your co-workers. I was looking through the company directory and could ask anyone you work with. By the way, I'm very impressed with your position of VP. It's fun to bring powerful men down. Maybe you could come to the club tonight and give me your ex's email address so I don't have to ask around.

When I played the video it was security camera footage of the alley. You could tell it was me entering the alley with another man. He had lead me directly in front of the camera and while it wasn't a typical hardcore video, it was plain to see that I went down on my knees in front of another man, was moving my head as he leaned back, then after several minutes he handed me some money and we departed. Anyone watching would know that I sucked his cock for money. I took a moment and wrote back to Dylan:

Dylan,

Please don't do this. I can't stop by tonight, but I'll stop by the club tomorrow night and we can talk this over.

Just minutes later, I received her response:

If you are not here by 8:00pm with a smile on your face, I will have no other choice but to send this video to several people in your company. You will have no further correspondence from me. I hope to see you soon, but you know what will happen if I don't.

I knew I had to break my date with Kristen and show up at Centerfold's so Dylan wouldn't expose me. I told Kristen that I had to leave suddenly to attend to some business out of town, which technically wasn't a lie, but wasn't the complete truth either. I was still hoping to have a chance with her if I could get rid of Dylan. I went home and got ready to go to the club. On the drive, I started off fuming at the fact that Dylan would blackmail me and ruin my night with Kristen, but the further I drove, I started feeling excited about seeing Dylan again.

When I arrived at the club at 7:30, I composed myself outside, remembering that Dylan said I needed to be there by 8:00 with a smile on my face. I went inside and paid the doorman. Right when I turned around, I saw Dylan who was racing up to me and gave me a huge hug. I remembered just why I was as attracted to her as she pressed her sexy body tightly against mine. She whispered in my ear that we needed to talk and then took my hand and led me to a booth hidden in the corner.

Dylan cuddled up to me and her hand started rubbing my crotch under the table. A waitress came over with a couple drinks that we had not ordered. Dylan told me that she remembered I liked Jack and Cokes and had told her to bring them. I reached for my wallet, but the waitress said that all my drinks were on the house tonight. After I thanked her, she walked away and I wondered what was going on.

"I'm sorry I had to lure you in here this way," Dylan said with a mischievous look on her face. "But tonight is the only night I knew I could do this. The club manager is on vacation and the lead bouncer is off tonight. We can have some fun without anyone in charge knowing. I know you love excitement and I'll make it worth your time. You are going to love this."

I was intrigued and really had no choice but to keep listening, so I sipped the drink that Dylan ordered for me and nodded for her to continue.

"Well, I've picked out five girls here, Crystal, Savannah, Talia, Candy and Amber," Dylan continued as she pointed out each one as she said their name. "One of them is going to fuck you tonight if you're willing to play along."

It took me a few moments to register what Dylan was saying, knowing there must be a catch in there. The look on her face was turning me on so much though. I loved how she was snuggled up against me, rubbing my crotch, she could feel me growing as she spelled out the reward. I looked into her sexy eyes and asked, "What is the catch?"

Dylan gave her sly smile and said, "Catch, why would you possibly think there was a catch?" Then after a burst of laughter, she said "You already know me too well. The catch is that we're going to go into the back storage room. Each of the girls is going to pick a man for you to suck off. You won't know which one picked which man, but when you pick the man you liked sucking the best, you will get to take the girl that picked him to the hotel across the street where I reserved a room for her to fuck you."

As another drink came to replace my empty one, I asked Dylan "If I agree to this, will you promise not to show anyone the video you showed me earlier?"

"I will destroy it," she said as a smirk grew on her face. "But I will be taking new video tonight. I am not going to let you go, but it is your choice at how far you want it to go. If you walk away right now, I will only share the video of you sucking cock with your secretary. But rest assured that I will do that. It will then be her choice on how she wants to use that video. If you play along tonight, one of these girls will fuck you."

As I finished another drink, I agreed to Dylan's terms. She said that I could buy her off the rotation for an hour for $100. She grabbed my arm and took me to the acting manager. I said I'd like to buy Dylan off the rotation and gave him $100. She then took me near the door to the locker rooms and when nobody was looking she snuck me in back. We went past the locker room to a storage room. 

Dylan smiled at me and said, "I want you completely nude so you can't run away." I had no choice but to strip out of all my clothes. I folded them and handed them to Dylan. As I stood naked before her, I watched her take my wallet from my pants. She looked inside it and then asked, "What is your PIN? We need to take the other girls off the rotation. To not draw any suspicion you are going to be giving each guy that you are going to blow $100 to take their girl off rotation."

I had no choice but to spit out my PIN number. Dylan left the room taking my clothes with her. I could do nothing but wait. After about 15 minutes, Dylan came back but she wasn't alone. Walking in with her was the man that I gave the blowjob to last month. I recognized the older gentleman easily and I stood naked in front of him and Dylan.

"Now Steve, get down on your knees. David says you did well with your first blowjob, but you need a pro like me to instruct you. Now undo David's pants."

I reached up and undid his belt, unbuttoned his pants, unzipped his zipper and lowered his pants to the ground. As I stared at the only cock I've ever sucked before, Dylan started giving me instructions. She told me how to lick his cock, to lick his balls, to suck his cock in my mouth, to take his cock down my throat, to fondle his balls while I suck his cock. I just closed my eyes and listened to her hypnotic voice telling me what to do. After several minutes, I could feel David's cock tensing up. I knew what was coming as Dylan told him to cum and me to keep it in my mouth. After he exploded in my mouth, I opened it for Dylan, showing her the cum before she told me to swallow. I cleaned David up and he thanked me, gave Dylan $20, then left.

"Now that you're warmed up, let the competition start," Dylan said as she left the room. Minutes later the room filled up with Dylan's five co-workers and the men they chose for me to suck off. The women sat back and Dylan asked all the men to get naked. She then picked one and led him to me while I was on my knees. This man was a white guy about 30 years old; he had a nice body and about a seven inch cock. I did my best to remember Dylan's instructions on how to suck cock and within minutes had him cumming in my mouth. I swallowed his cum down and then another man was led to me.

The second man was fairly skinny white guy, but I knew why one of the girls had picked him. His cock was at least ten inches. I was amazed by it when I started sucking it. I could hear the others, both guys and girls, talking amongst themselves while I sucked him and took him down my throat. It wasn't easy, but I was determined to impress Dylan. While I sucked him, I heard the words coming out "faggot" "cocksucker" "slut" and it turned me on. Finally, he shot his cum deep into my mouth.

I swallowed and a third man was led to me. This time it was an older Hispanic man. He was of average build and average cock size, but the whole time I sucked him, he told me what a nasty faggot whore I was. I sucked him as hard as I could and got him to shoot in my mouth relatively quickly.

A big, black man was led to me next. Not only was his body muscular, he had a nice, thick nine inch cock. I took my time on his cock, wanting to give him a great blowjob. I licked all over his beautiful black cock and his balls then sucked him slow and deep. After taking my time, I picked up the intensity and got his to shoot several thick ropes of cum in my mouth. He slowly released his cock from my mouth when he had finished.

As he walked away, the fifth man was led to me. He was an average white guy pretty much like me. I didn't want to disappoint him, but my mind was already made up while I sucked his cock. I was thinking of the last cock I sucked when his cock shot off in my mouth. 

He moved back to the others and I looked up at the five guys I just sucked off. On the other side of the room, I heard the five strippers giving me a round of applause. Then Dylan told me it was time to pick a winner. I knew who it was, but she instructed the men to turn around and spread their ass cheeks. She smirked at me and told me that I was to pick the winner by licking his asshole. I played along, by crawling to and pausing before each man. Then I did something I never thought I would do, I moved between the black man's cheeks and moved my tongue to his asshole. I licked all around it and moved my tongue a little inside it before Dylan declared him the winner.

The four other guys dressed and left the room. Then I watched which strippers were leaving. The last one remaining was Savannah, the young blonde. She ran over and gave the black man a big hug. Then Dylan asked him to leave. She told me that I was to go to the hotel and wait for Savannah.

After arriving at the hotel and finding the room, I waited alone for close to two hours anticipating Savannah coming in. I made myself comfortable, had a few drinks and fantasized about what was to come. Pictures of the beautiful young Savannah raced through my mind. She was only 19 years old and had should length blonde hair and the sweetest blue eyes. She was maybe 5'6", a tight body, small breasts with incredible nipples. I'd had a few dances with her before I met Dylan and she was definitely a wild one.

Finally, I heard the door open and a wide smile appears upon my face as I watch the very sexy Savannah move through the door. She doesn't look at all how I normally see her, but she seems even sexier in tight fitting jeans and a plain white t-shirt and no bra underneath. She puts her bag down, took out a laptop and told me that Dylan was going to watch on webcam. After setting it up she walked to me on the bed. I didn't know quite what to expect when she hopped onto the bed next to me and gave me a deep, passionate kiss. She was quick to get my shirt off and caress my chest while I was able to lift her shirt over her head. Her hand reached unbuttoned and unzipped me. Quickly, I felt her hand stroking my cock. Savannah then pulled away from me and told me that she was going to get ready and that she wanted me completely naked when she returned.

As I watched Savannah take her bag into the bathroom, I removed my remaining clothes and waited on the bed stark naked. A few minutes later, Savannah emerged from the bathroom and much to my surprise she was wearing a strap-on. 

"What's going on?" I asked. "I thought I was going to fuck you."

"You should have listened closer to Dylan's demand," Savannah replied with a big smirk on her face. "She said that the winner of the contest would fuck you. I'm the winner and I'm going to fuck you with this. Now I know you don't want to disappoint Dylan, so turn around and get on your hands and knees."

I couldn't resist. I did exactly what Savannah said and was on my hands and knees with my ass sticking up facing her. I felt her fingers pushing against my tight asshole, cool with the lube she was spreading on it. Her fingers pushed inside me and she whispered in my ear that she hopes I love this as much as she will. I felt her fingers withdraw from my ass and then her dildo placed at my entrance.

"Please fuck me," I whispered knowing she would enjoy that. I closed my eyes and felt her press her strap-on cock slowly into my ass. Savannah slowly entered me and rhythmically pushed it in and out of my ass, a little deeper with each thrust. It didn't take long for her to get all eight inches in me. After she was fully inside me, she thrust faster and faster, making me her bitch. She was pounding my ass when I heard the door open again.

Savannah slowed up and then told me to keep my head down. I heard her kissing someone as she slowly fucked my ass. I didn't look up as I heard clothes hitting the floor. When she told me to turn around, I saw a huge black man that I knew as Tony, a bouncer from the club. He was standing naked, with a thick ten inches hanging down. Savannah leads me to the side of the bed with her strap-on still in my ass. She then told me that Tony was her boyfriend and that she had promised him a piece of me. 

Tony moved up to me and I took his cock in my mouth. I felt him growing as Savannah started fucking my ass harder and I heard them kissing above me. Savannah slowly pulled her strap-on out of my ass while I was still sucking Tony off. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see her removing it and then lying down on the other bed in the room. Her fingers started moving in and out of her pussy as she watched me suck her boyfriend. A few moments later, she said she was ready for him. 

Tony took his cock from my mouth and moved over to Savannah. He quickly slid his thick black cock into her pussy. I watched Savannah get fucked hard by Tony until she ordered me to get behind him and watch his cock drive into her pussy, then she told me to lick his balls and ass while he fucked her. I licked all over his balls then centered in on his ass as he fucked Savannah. With my tongue deep in his ass, I could feel him cumming deep inside her. My tongue withdrew from his ass as he took his cock from Savannah's pussy.

After Tony's big black cock was removed from Savannah's pussy, it glistened with their juices. I then looked at Savannah's pussy, still stretched out from his thick cock and dripping cum. With a finger, Savannah motioned me to her pussy and I eagerly licked Tony's cum from it. I savored every drop of their mixed juices before hearing Savannah tell me to clean her boyfriend off as well. While I was doing this, I heard Tony tell Savannah that it was a shame Dylan didn't want him to fuck my ass. Savannah told him that Dylan is saving my ass for later, which both excited and scared me.

After I cleaned both of them, Savannah told me that they were spending the night in the room and that I could leave. I dressed and got ready to leave, but before I did Savannah gave me a big hug and kiss and Tony stood up naked and said he looked forward to next time.

I drove home thinking about how I sucked off six cocks for Dylan and then had one of her stripper friends fuck my ass before watching her boyfriend fuck her and cleaning them both up. Then I thought about how everything has been recorded, knowing Dylan could and would use it against me. And despite all of this, I wanted Dylan even more.