 At the same time that I was getting my first ever blowjob from dad, it seems granddad was having an adventure of his own.

Because of where we lived, the nearest real town was about 50 miles away on the interstate. Granddad had left early because he needed to visit his bank and stop in at his lawyer's office, take care of some other minor things and maybe make a stop at the adult book store on his way back. He had accomplished all of his errands in town and was heading back to the lot where he'd parked his car, visions of porn booths and glory holes dancing in his head when he heard a voice say, "Hey, mister!"

He turned to where the voice originated. 

Standing in a doorway was a young man who looked to be in his early teens except he had a couple days' growth of beard. He was sort of disheveled and looked like he'd been sleeping rough for awhile, wearing a couple of layers of clothes with a pack over one shoulder. He was about 5' 6", longish dark hair and blue eyes. He had a fading bruise that covered one side of his face that looked like someone had hit him pretty good. Even dressed the way he was you could tell he had a tight little muscular body.

"What can I do for you?" granddad asked. 

The guy stepped forward into the light and granddad could see he was older than he first appeared, probably in his early twenties.

"I'm really sorry to bother you but could you spare a couple of bucks. I haven't eaten in a while and I could really use a meal."

"I won't give you money," granddad said, "But I will take you to the truck stop up the highway and set you up for a meal."

"Honestly, that would be even better. I could eat a horse."

"Let's go, then." granddad said. 

They walked to the lot and as granddad was unlocking the car door he said, "It's only fair to warn you. I'm no pushover. If you think you're going to rob me or some kind of shit, I'll beat your ass into next week and toss your body out on the side of the highway."

The young man appeared truly shocked, and then offended. "I'm a moral person!" he said. "I just am having a little trouble. I won't bother you anymore." He turned and started to walk away.

"Get your ass in the car, son. "Granddad said. "I didn't mean to be a bastard but you can understand why I'd want to be careful."

The young man appeared to mull over his words, then walked back to the car. 

"Okay," he said, "but only because I'm hungry. If you try to hurt me I'll pop you right on the nose."

"Fair enough." granddad said, laughing. "Now let's get you fed." They both got into the car.

On the short trip to the truck stop, granddad learned that the young man was hitch hiking with no particular destination. He said he had left home 3 days before and been traveling ever since. He'd slept outdoors near the freeway the last 2 nights and hadn't eaten since the day before yesterday. Granddad asked why he had left home and the young man got a funny look on his face.

"I had some family trouble and some neighbor trouble and I had to leave." he said.

By now, they had reached the truck stop and granddad led him into the diner.

"Do you want to order for me? "the young man asked as they sat down.

"Hell, no." granddad said. "Don't you know what you want to eat?"

"Well, yeah," he replied, "I just don't know how much you want to spend."

"You just order and let me worry about that." granddad said. "You eat your fill."

The young man ordered the jumbo breakfast special, a couple of sides, coffee and a glass of milk. Granddad had hotcakes and coffee and was finished long before the young man. He sat and watched, amazed, as the young man ate it all, even mopping up the syrup on his plate with toast. 

They sat and talked small talk while they finished their coffee and then the young man said, "Do you know where the bathroom is?"

"It's in the back, next to the trucker's showers." granddad replied.

"They have showers?" the young man asked. "Are they public?"

"Well, anyone can use them if they pay five bucks." granddad told him. 

The young man's face fell. Granddad reached into his pocket and pulled out a five dollar bill.

"Here." granddad said, "Get your shower." 

He held the bill out but the young man didn't take it.

"You're being so nice to me and there's something I should probably tell you." he said. "I'm gay."

"Yeah," granddad replied, "I hear there a lot of that going around. Now you go get your shower and I'll sit here and finish my coffee. Take your time and then I'll give you a ride as far as I'm going."

The young man smiled for the first time, grabbed the 5 dollar bill and his back pack and headed to the back of the truck stop. Granddad sat, drinking his coffee and about what the young man had told him and the bruise on the side of his face.

Granddad had gotten a refill on his coffee and had ordered the young man a piece of cherry pie and a coffee of his own by the time he returned. His appearance was quite an improvement. His hair was clean and combed and he had shaved off his beard scruff and put on clean clothes. It was obvious he was from a stable middle class home, not some street kid.

"Damn, I feel almost human again." he said. "Is that pie for me?" 

He sat down and began to eat and it was gone in minutes, even after his huge breakfast.

After he had finished, granddad said, "Time to hit the road." 

They walked out to the lot and got into the car.

"Where are you headed?" granddad asked. 

The young man replied, "I don't know." He had a troubled look. "I guess I won't know till I get there."

They got back on the highway and drove for a few minutes. The young man said, "You know that family trouble I told you about? Well, I got thrown out of my house. I told you I'm gay, right. We had this neighbor, a guy about your age. I've been messing around with him for a couple of years. Anyway, a couple of days ago I thought my parents would be gone for awhile so the neighbor came over. My dad walked in while the neighbor was on top of me and it was pretty obvious where his dick was. My dad freaked and threw me out."

"Is that how you got the bruise on your face?" granddad asked.

"Yeah." he replied, looking ashamed. "He beat me up pretty good before he threw me out."

The drove on for a while longer and the young man said, "I hate to ask but can you pull over somewhere? I drank all of that coffee and I have to piss like a race horse."

"I could use a good piss, myself." granddad said as he pulled onto the next off ramp. 

They were out in the middle of nowhere, farm fields on one side of the road and heavy woods on the other. 

Granddad pulled the car off to the side of the road and said, "If we go back a little ways in those woods we ought to be safe from scaring the horses."

They both got out and conveniently there was a path into the trees. The young man led the way and granddad noticed that he had changed into a snug fitting pair of Levi's that were molded to his sculpted ass. They reached a clearing and the young man undid his belt and zipper and then pushed his pants down to his knees so that his smooth ass was bare and started pissing. Granddad stepped up beside him, unbuttoned his pants and unzipped and pulled out his cock and balls. His cock was starting to fill out as he pissed and he felt the young man staring at his dick.

"You've got a really big cock." he said. 

Granddad leaned forward and checked out the young man's meat. It was a thick 6 inches with a head that was smaller than the fat shaft above a nice loose scrotum cradling two big balls.

"Mine gets thicker when it's hard but not much longer." he said.

"Mine gets thicker AND longer," granddad said, "especially when strange young men flash a gorgeous ass at me." 

His dick had expanded almost to full size and he stroked it slowly. He looked over at the young man who was staring at his hard cock with his mouth hanging open. His cock was standing straight up; looking like it had grown three times as thick in the shaft with the smaller head shining and purple. 

Granddad felt his ass hole clench as he imagined what it would feel like sliding into his fuck chute. The young man reached over and wrapped his hand around granddad's shaft.

"I've never played with a cock this big." he said.

Granddad reached for his dick and grasped it. It was so fat that he couldn't get his hand all of the way around.

"That's a pretty massive piece you're packing yourself." he said. "It must take a while to ease that in when you fuck an ass."

"I've never fucked with it." he said. "I've just gotten sort of sucked off a few times but my friend didn't really like to suck me." 

He looked up into granddad's eyes. 

"Can I suck you?" he asked. 

Granddad wrapped his arms around the young man and pulled him to him so that his hard dick was nestled against his belly and the young man's dick slid between his legs. The young man kissed him and granddad felt his tongue probe into his mouth. 

After a few minutes of deep kissing, the young man said, 'I really want to taste your dick."

They both bent down and removed the pants around their ankles and then granddad went to the edge of the clearing and sat down on a fallen tree. The young man followed him and knelt between his spread legs and wrapped both hands around his rigid dick.

"This is a really beautiful dick." he said and then leant down and engulfed the fat head in his hot mouth. 

Granddad could feel his tongue probing into his piss hole and devouring the precum flowing out of it. The young man's mouth slowly engulfed his shaft and finally he came to rest with his nose buried in granddad's short pubes. 

"You're a skilled cocksucker for one so young." granddad said.

"I'm just really turned on." the young man replied and then began licking up and down granddad's shaft. 

Granddad arched his back while the young man fed on his dick, licking the shaft from his balls up and then suctioning his fat cock head.

Finally, the young man looked up at him and asked, "Would you fuck me?"

"I'd love to," granddad replied "but we don't have any lube and I don't want to hurt you." 

The young man smiled, reached into his pocket and brought out a foil packet of silicone lube.

"I got it back at the truck stop." he said. "I was hoping I'd get an opportunity to use it on your dick."

He opened the packet with his teeth, then squeezed the lube out over granddad's cock head and slowly massaged it down the shaft. He stood up to spread some of the lube into his ass hole, his fat slab of cock inches from granddad's face. Granddad opened his mouth as wide as he could and still the big cock stretched his lips as he sucked it into his mouth down to the root. He backed it out and sucked on the head, cleaning up the hot juice leaking out of the piss hole.

"Damn, that's a championship cock for somebody's ass hole." he said.

"I'd rather have your cock in my ass right now." the young man said.

He straddled granddad's lap and slowly lowered himself onto the cock he was guiding into his ass with one hand. Granddad could feel his cock head pressing against the tight hole and then felt it slowly expand and open around him. The young man didn't hesitate and slowly lowered himself onto the big cock until all eight fat inches of hard dick were buried deep in his ass.

"Fuck, that feels so good!" he said as he rocked back and forth on granddad's lap. 

He used his legs to slowly ease his hole up the length of the cock and then slammed his ass back down on it, hard. He threw his head back, almost panting, as he rode granddad's hard cock and fucked his hole with it. Granddad was clutching the young man's slab like dick in his hand as his cock was ridden and soon he felt it growing even thicker and harder in his hand.

"Are you going to cum?" he asked, just as a fountain of pearly jizz blasted out of the young man's cock and flew over their heads.

"Fuck my ass, fuck my ass, give me your cum!" the young man cried as 2 or 3 more big blasts of juice flew out of his balls. 

Granddad felt his cum climbing his shaft and then his own load of juice poured into the young man's ass, one shot after another.

The young man collapsed against him as he pulled his legs up and wrapped them around granddad's waist while granddad's cock slowly softened in his hole.

"You're a fantastic fuck." he said.

"I was just about to tell you the same thing." granddad replied. "You did all of the work."

"You call that work?" the young man asked. "Hell, then sign me up for a forty hour week!"

They sat in the clearing a while longer until granddad's soft cock slid out of the tight hole, then the young man stood up and granddad used his mouth to clean the young man's cock of the remaining juice leaking out of his piss hole. They slowly got dressed and walked back to the car and got back on the highway. 

It made for a gloomy ride and as they neared granddad's exit he asked, "Where will you go now?"

"I don't know." he replied. "I guess I'll just go somewhere." 

He gave granddad a brave smile.

"I was just thinking," granddad said, "maybe you need some time to make plans. My son lives with me and my grandson is visiting but we've got a guest room where you're welcome to stay until you plan something."

"Won't they think it's kind of weird for you to have some young stranger moving in?"

"Won't you think it's strange when you have to fight them both off from trying to fuck you, more like? You let the two of them get a look at that meat you're packing and it's going to be a free for all from then on."

"So, they like men, too, and they won't mind?"

"They both LOVE men and they're going to love you."

"I won't be any trouble." the young man said, clearly excited. "I'll clean up after myself and I'll help around the house and anything else you need. If I can find a job I'll pay my share, too. And, maybe, some time instead of the guest room I can sleep over with you?"

They had pulled off of the interstate a few minutes before and now granddad was coming to a stop in front of the farm house. He could see his son and grandson on the porch, waiting to welcome him home.

"Something tells me that the guest room won't be getting much use any night soon." he said. "Oh, and there's just one other thing. You can call me granddad but I never even asked you your name."