 The story continues ...

For the next few days neither of us tried to make contact with each other. I for one was still excited about what had taken place but still confused about what was really happening. It was obvious to me that it was all consensual but it was also something to be kept private between us and low-key.

School life continued as before. Swimming went on as before and random smokes took place but we never spoke about our time in the drying room.

About 3 weeks later our age-group was given permission to watch a film on TV and when I took up my seat on the second row I was almost immediately behind my pal. The room was lit only by the glow of the TV and as I looked at the screen I was aware he had a cushion on his lap which he would occasionally raise a little. I notice his cock standing up from his pj's briefly before the cushion was dropped again. This was repeated a few times over the next twenty minutes or so but it got me feeling horny. I quietly asked if he wanted a smoke so others heard. He agreed and we left the room.

We went up one flight of stone stairs to where there were two toilet cubicles. I went in one of them first and sat on the toilet seat. He followed me in and closed and locked the door before turning to face me. We lit our cigarettes and took a drag or two. Without speaking I put my hand in the fly of his pj's and held his cock. He drew breath slowly and watched my hand playing with him. He was hard and he dripped a few drops of pre-cum. I moved my had forward and took him in my mouth again. I moved my tongue over his glans and swirled my mouth back and forth. He breathed deeper but still said nothing. I let his cock out of my mouth but continued to wank him whilst we finished our cigarettes. I then sucked him again and this time to completion, he holding the back of my head as he whimpered and gave me his hot cum for the second time.

We then rejoined the film watching.

Over the next week or two we continued as normal and had one maybe two more wanking sessions when he finally managed to make me cum. He loved playing with my juices when they spurted over my belly and chest but made no move to taste them.

At the next leave weekend most of the boarders went home but he and I by coincidence decided to stay at school. This gave us the opportunity to be together without many others around. I asked him on the Friday evening to tell me why he was happy to take the plunge when I first touched him. He was happy to tell me he had often thought we would have a thing together and had wished for it to happen but without him making any moves on me. I said I thought it obvious he was a little experienced with gay activity. Indeed he was, having been initiated by a police colleague of his father's when he was based in Hong Kong. He had been taken by four adults by this stage one of whom was a member of staff at our school but the name was kept confidential.

The following day when we went for a walk into the school grounds we went behind one of the barns in the playing fields and lit up as usual. He looked at me and with a smile asked " Do you want me?" I had not expected this but was pleased and readily said yes. He promptly undid his trousers and slid them and his pants down showing me his round white arse. I unzipped and started to wank my cock to full erection. He licked his fingers and moistened them before applying the liquid around his hole. I moved behind him as he bent over. I grasped his hips and tried to slide into him. It needed a hand from him and he placed me at the entrance and I gladly entered. It felt warm and tight and I slowly started to slide back and forth. I was no longer a virgin and it felt good. I reached around him and grabbed his cock and wanked him. I started to fuck him quicker and quicker and unleashed my cum in his bowels. I stayed inside him until I had made him cum too. We cleaned ourselves as best we could and returned to the boarding house, only his four and my one words having been spoken.

That night he sat by my bed which I had retired to and feeling relaxed i stroked his thigh before wanking him again. He went to his own bed after cumming for the second time and again I wanked myself to sleep.

To be continued...