 I got a part time job on Friday nights in the City and to go to my bus home I could walk through Albert Park. Believe me at 9-30 on a Friday night that place hummed, I could guarantee someone's warm lips over my welcoming cock within minutes of walking in. The lights were always broken so it was totally anonymous. You would just stand there and a hand would slide across my groin, I would unbutton (or were we using zips by then? and after a lovely bit of tactile feeling a warm loving mouth would engulf me.

Occasionally I would agree to go to someone's home for a longer session. Remember I was only quite young, obviously a student and no one really expected me to do anything in return. Coming home from College I would detour through Cornwall park where the underground toilets had a glory hole between them. Oh man, wonderful!! 

This pattern continued when I left College and started working. Around age 18 I had a girlfriend (I was still a virgin so far as women were concerned and I would spend Sunday with her, have dinner with her family and then get the bus from Freeman's Bay to the City in anticipation of catching my bus from the City. BUT it was always worth checking out the bog in the Ferry Buildings, you could not safely do anything there but there was always the chance of getting picked up and this is what happened one Sunday night

This man in his late 50's started chatting with me and obviously we were seeking the same thing although we were both to shy to come out with it. Eventually he asked if I would like to come for a drive with him. I explained that I had to be home by a certain time in Penrose and he said he could arrange this and off we went.

He took me to a paddock in Mangere past what is now the Cemetery but back then was just farmland. We sat talking for a few minutes and then he very bravely put his hand on my thigh and when I did not push It away slid up to my groin and discovered my very hard cock. He asked me if I would like home to take it out and being the obliging fellow I am I assented. Actually I found it easier to pull my pants right down and then this beautiful man with lovely soft hand gently explored me. Can I suck it, he asked. What could I say?

I had never been deep throated before. My cock has shrunk with age but back then it was a healthy 7 inches (he and I measured it one night) and he just took it all in, smoothly and gently and he sucked my for ages. For some reason, despite the incredible feeling we both knew I was not going to come and then he asked if I would like to fuck him. I had never done this before but I was so excited by the experiences I would have agreed to anything so we left the car, he went to his knees and really got my cock as wet as he could and then he turned and bent over and guided me in. It was very dry and I was not sure I really liked it but as I pumped things loosened up and suddenly I came. Bingo, just like that. He leaned me off with his handkerchief and we left and he had me at the beginning of my street at the right time.

Now up until now I had always sought constant new partners, I was lucky, I was reasonably good looking and I was fresh and young and just wanted a new experience every time but, the following Sunday I was back at the Ferry Buildings again and so was he (Tom) This time he invited me home promising to get me home in time. 

He took me inside, we talked for a wee while and then he quietly undressed me (and him self) laid me on a day bed and knelt on the floor beside me and caressed me and sucked my nipples and just savoured my body. Meanwhile I was getting more and more aroused. Eventually his lips moved to my cock but he just licked the sides, licked my balls and then finally, took me into his mouth and just held me there fully down his throat. The sensation was indescribable, then he very, very slowly started moving up and down while his finger started pressing the ridge behind my cock. I erupted, Man alive this was earth shattering.

To cut a long story short, Tom and I remained close for about 15 years. I still haunted bogs with glory holes (I was a company rep and could go to all sorts of places during the day) but about once a month we would get together at his home and we would spend some happy hours together.

He moved to a new home a couple of months after I first met him and the first night we went there together he put me in his bed, got in bed beside me and after the usual preliminaries slid down the bed to suck my cock. Now you need to know that up until now I have never reciprocated with any man, they wanted me, that was fine but I was totally selfish and had no intention of returning any favours. An attitude I could get away with casual encounters but Tom was becoming different. He deep throated me for a while and then came the heart stopping moment when he turned around in the bed and now his cock was right in from of my face. 

Decision time... up until now I was a heterosexual guy who liked and preferred women but took his sexual pleasure where I could find it. I would take what was offered but would never reciprocate except perhaps to masturbate my partner.

I gingerly touched his cock, it was very like mine, uncut and about the same size. It was lovely and warm, smooth and soft and then I thought "to hell with it" and slipped it between my lips. After a short while, I was so engrossed with the incredible sensations as he deep throated me that I forgot it was a man's cock in my mouth, I just wanted to return the pleasure he was giving me.

Tom and I explored each other in many ways apart from fucking, we never did that again although there were times when I was tempted to ask him to fuck me and no doubt he felt the same but it was never spoken of. Rimming, fingering, a finger deep inside pressing the prostate while being deep throated. Nipple play, bondage - that was neat, I loved the feeling of being completely helpless in his power.

We watched porn together and the nice thing was that we did not just hop into bed but instead we might just chat for half an hour or so, listen to some music, and after we would sit and chat some more.

We were both very particular about body cleanliness and would either shower together or wash each other before going to bed.

Looking back I wish with all my heart that I had been prepared to just settle down with Tom as my special friend but I am afraid my need for new experiences prevented that. In my "old age" I really now seek a man I can just relax and relate to, who shares some of the same things I do.