 On the way into the lounge, I explained to Chris, that Lulu and I had been sharing for about 2 years. While we didn't care about being seen in the nude by the other, we had never had sex with each other or while the other was in the same room. I had never looked at Lulu sexually.

Lu had put on some music, some appropriately chosen Euphoria Chill Out.

He flounced into the room, asked if Chris took sugar and milk and then disappeared again. We slumped onto the sofa. Me at one end with Chris snuggled up against me. It was then that I remembered that we had swallowed half a tab each only half an hour earlier. I shared this thought with him and said that we have to get rid of Lu as we would be coming up very soon.

We kissed. His lips were soft and his tongue felt so good in my mouth. A perfect snog. He snuggled down so his head was resting in my lap. I lit up a fag and heard the tea arriving. Lu was going on about this one and that one. 

How the fuck do I ever put up with him? I guess because at the end of the day, behind that high octave campness, there is a friend who will always stick by me.

I told him, that I didn't want him spoiling my fun and that he will have to come down alone. He looked hurt and rejected, pouted and slipped out of the lounge with more drama than any Hollywood legend. He said he was going to shower, have a joint and go to bed.

I finished my fag and had some tea. I began to feel a sensation at the base of my back. It was a feeling of a warm glow spreading up through my entire body. I must have smiled with a sound, because Chris looked up at me and said 

"What?" 

I told him that the pill was working. 

"Me too," he replied. 

He turned onto his back, his head still in my lap and reached up and started to caress my face. 

Resting my hand on his chest and gently playing with a nipple, I ran my fingers through his hair with the other. The sounds of Moonman started to fill my mind, as did the sensations of having my face stroked and feeling this sexy guy by my me.

I closed my eyes and let the feelings wash over me. I could feel Chris breathing deeper and his body move closer to mine. I then felt him get up and then sit astride me, his arms going around my neck and his lips on my lips. His tongue in my mouth, my tongue exploring his. I wrapped my arms around him, holding him so close. The kiss was deep, long and full of passion. I felt as if every nerve ending in my body was alive and in tune with him. I was aware of every part of him that pressed against me. I felt as if I could not get enough of him. I could feel and taste his saliva as it mixed with mine, as it trickled down my throat. I was starting to feel incredibly horny again. 

I was aware of my cock throbbing and growing and pushing up against my towel. I shifted my arse and pulled the towel off. I wanted to feel my cock pushing up against Chris's balls. I felt his balls resting on the tip of my cock, I felt his cock digging into my belly. We kissed and kissed and kissed. I let a hand fall to his arse where it could feel those ever so soft hairs. I could feel his skin goose bump under my touch. I let my other hand move to his other cheek. I let my fingers gently stray into his arse crack, stroking up and down, brushing over his hot hole, which had earlier had me pounding in and out of, filling him with my cum and then with my piss. This hole deserved being treated with love and respect and it was going to get it.

I let the index finger of my right hand linger on his hole, lightly circling it, feeling the soft tiny ridges and the hairs that surrounded it. I removed my hand. I brought it up to my mouth. I could smell his muskiness...I love that smell. I put my finger into my mouth next to his tongue to get it wet. Chris pulled back and started sucking it. I opened my eyes to see his sweet face, eyes closed making love to my finger. He looked so hot and sexy. I gently pulled out my finger and replaced it with my tongue. 

My hand found his arse, and my finger found its target. I slowly dipped it in and started to circle his hole again. I could feel him giving himself over to me. He was again, letting me know that he wanted what ever I wanted to do. I began to slowly introduce another finger into him. I could tell by the intensity of his kiss that he was enjoying this. His hole felt like velvet and was so warm and inviting. I could feel my cock rock hard and leaking. 

Slowly, I shifted my position so my legs were out straight and my cock behind his balls with its full length available. I manoeuvred his thighs so they were raised a bit more. I could then position my cock at his hole. I let it rest there, letting my precum moisten the way and ever so slowly let it begin its journey into him. I wanted this to take forever. I could feel him clenching and relaxing around my cock. 

With each contraction, my cock slid in deeper. I could feel his cock leaking precum onto my belly. All to soon, he was sitting with my cock fully inside him and my balls tight against his arse. I 'pulsed' it to let him know it was home. In return he tightened his grip around it. I then felt hot jets of liquid shoot onto my chest... Fuck... he had come just by my cock going into him, and his grip on my cock was vice like.

His spunk started to run down my chest to my belly... it felt good. He was breathing hard, kissing really deep and slowly lifting and then lowering himself onto my cock. I just lay there and enjoyed this feeling. I was in heaven.

I then felt a tongue lapping at my balls and running up to the stem of my cock and it must have begun to lick at Chris's hole. He reached forward and we continued kissing. I felt a hand grasp my balls and pull them down gently. I felt a tongue on my shaft. Chris was slowly riding my cock. Lu was obviously using his tongue to lick up and down my cock and around Chris's hole as my cock slid in and out.

I felt disgusted by his intrusion but turned on and did not want to stop any of these sensations. I would sort Lu out later.

I then felt fingers on the base of my cock and a finger slip into Chris's very wet hole next to my cock. After a couple of minutes he put in another finger. I looked at Chris to see if he was ok, and he seemed to be enjoying it. I felt my legs being spread apart and a body positioning itself in between them. I then felt the wet head of a cock against my balls and at the base of my cock. Chris flattened me onto the couch and leant himself flat against me. His cock was hard again and rubbing his cum into me. I then felt Lu's cock trying to get into Chris as well. Chris was not objecting. 

I could feel Lu's cock sliding against mine tightly packed into Chris's arse. He picked up rhythm. I just lay there feeling his cock stretching Chris and rubbing mine. I could feel he wasn't as big as me (never having seen it hard), but big enough. Now he started to really ram home, his balls slapping against mine, his cock forcing its way into Chris and sliding against mine. He was trying to get deeper and fucked harder, but never got beyond the head of my cock. I could hear panting. I could feel Chris really stretched and tight around our cocks, I could feel Lu pounding for all he was worth, then I felt his hot cum shooting out of his cock and over mine. This made my cock swell even more and I felt his cum again and again. It then began to twitch and slow down. I had grabbed Chris's cock and was gently tugging on it. He was groaning contentedly as we kissed. 

Lu came to a stop and I felt him slowly pull out of Chris. His cock plopped onto my balls, he left it there for a few seconds, I felt him raise himself using my thighs as leverage. Then his presence was gone. Chris and I were left alone. 

I turned him onto his back, put his legs over my shoulders, pulled his arse up and began to ride him slowly and deeply, picking up speed and power. Before long I was really pounding his arse, his hands were pulling his cheeks wider to let me in deeper. He was encouraging me, telling me how good it felt and asking me to go harder. We looked into each other's eyes, I told him I was going to cum soon, he told me to fill him. That's all I needed. I'm not one for loud noises while fucking, but this time. . . I let out a loud grunt and started to fill him with my cum. 

After the earlier session, I didn't think I would have much left. Wrong! I didn't think I was ever going to stop. I just kept cumming and cumming deep into his hot hole. My balls were pressed right up against his arse. I collapsed, exhausted on top of him. Thoroughly spent and happy. I could tell from his expression that he was too. 

"Your turn next," he said as we kissed and rested.

To Be Continued...