 It was a Tuesday morning, I always go for an early morning swim and recently I've noticed another man of similar age and physique, being curious and having already over come my initial nervousness I was beginning to have erotic thoughts about Tony. 

We swam and passed pleasantries on many occasions but never really talked that much. On this particular Tuesday Tony left the pool before me and I just happened to notice the size of his manhood, the bulge in his briefs looked quite sizable and I'd be lying if I said it didn't make me more interested in him.

I decided I too had had enough and left the pool for my shower. As with all early morning swims there was not a lot of activity and the changing rooms were empty apart from the two of us. Tony was in his bag looking for his shampoo or something when I noticed he'd removed his trunks and if I sat around the other side of the room I'd be looking straight at him from the front. My mind was beginning to race and my dick began to grow in anticipation. 

Tony looked up and smiled as I plonked my bag down, he must have noticed me taking in the full sight of his dick because as my eyes rose to his gaze he was already looking at me, 

"Did you have a good swim?" He quizzed and stood upright with his meat hanging long from his crotch, 

"Yes fine thank, what about yourself?" 

"Yes, not too bad. Sorry to sound cheeky, but I don't suppose you have any shower gel I could use, do you; I seem to have forgotten mine." 

"No problem, here use this." 

With that I moved closer and handed him my shower gel, 

"Thanks Mate, I owe you one," and put his hand out to shake mine. 

"Tony, Tony Powers." 

I couldn't help but catch another glance down at his big dick and again I think he caught me looking. 

I watched as he moved to the showers and for the next five minutes or so he washed himself with his back to me, then as he was rinsing the suds from his hair he turned to face me and give me a very pleasant surprise, his big dick was in a state of semi hardness and I couldn't remove my gaze from it. Tony had his eyes closed and as I sat there in only my towel I slipped my hand around my own dick and gave it a firm squeeze, he continued for another few minutes and I began to wonder if indeed he was putting on a show for me. 

He turned his shower off and walked back to his bench and began to towel off, I sat there in a state of hardness and watched him toss his towel around his crotch, he looked over to me and then looked down at my towel.

"Looks to me like you've been enjoying yourself." 

He laughed, then I noticed I was sat with my legs open and my towel over my thighs but not my dick, it was rock hard and I couldn't hide it, 

"Er yes I guess so" 

"That's alright," he said "I enjoyed you watching me shower, it excites me having someone watch me parade naked, if that's what's got you in that state, that is." 

"I guess so, I don't make a habit of watching other men shower but I couldn't help but admire your man hood." 

"Your not doing too bad yourself you know." He laughed as my erection was now fully erect and completely uncovered, 

"Maybe we should have a coffee or something?" 

"That's fine by me, but I need to shower first though." 

"I tell you what, why not come to mine and shower there. I can make a coffee and have the pleasure of watching your shower too." 

'Jesus Christ!' I thought, 'he moves fast, only five minutes ago we'd only passed pleasantries and now I'm going back to his for a shower and more!' 

I quickly dressed and followed him out, he got into an Audi TT and I followed him to his place about 5 minutes away. Upon entering his house it became obvious he was quite well off and his pad was immaculate, 

"I'll put the coffee on, there's a shower upstairs or if you want there's a sauna and shower through there." 

He pointed through to a large gym area with weight machines and free weights. 

"Wow, this is a nice place you have, if you don't mind me asking, what do you do for a living?" 

"Oh nothing exciting, I'm an architect and designer." 

I walked into the gym and found the shower cubicle, excitedly I stripped to my pants and turned the shower on, Tony appeared a few moments later with the coffee's and sat down on a sofa only a few feet away from me, he was looking up smiling as if to make me feel at ease and said, 

"I don't make a habit of this myself you know, in fact I've only had a couple of experiences with other men and there were a little sordid and dirty." 

"Well that's two of us then." 

I laugh in relief and proceeded to tell him my story and the fact that I'd only had two previous encounters, both in my car! 

"So is there no partner in your life then?" I quizzed again. 

"Well yes but my wife works away and is in France for the next two months or so and to be honest I've had enough problems with other women and I have always wondered about other men, I'm sure there's fewer complications and it has always been in the back of my mind as a dormant fantasy." 

I was beginning to feel much more at ease and basically explained that my situation was the same only my wife was at home still asleep, we laughed comfortably and I knew I was going to enjoy my new friendship with Tony. Tony then moved to a door near to the shower and whilst dropping his tracksuit bottoms asked, 

"So do you want a shower or do you want to join me in the sauna?" 

Again I found myself I awe of his long dick and just put my coffee down and walked over, I too undressed and followed Tony into the sauna, both now naked and both in a state of semi hardness. Tony sat on the top seat of the sauna and I decided to take the initiative, I knelt on the seat before him and placed my hands on either knee. 

"Well I didn't think I'd be doing this when I left home this morning." 

Gently I pushed his knees apart. Now I had his complete attention and was closer to his big dick than ever before. He put his hands down on either side and relaxed backwards as I moved upwards, over his hairy legs, until my finger tips were only inches from the base of his dick. My own dick was rock hard and I could feel it pulsating with excitement and anticipation but it would have to take a back seat for now 'cos I was not letting this opportunity go. 

Tony parted his legs a little wider allowing his balls to hang naturally and I moved even closer, now both hands were on his inner thighs only an inch or so away from his rock hard tool and slowly and gently I ran a finger up either side of his shaft until they met at the top, his foreskin was wet with pre-cum which allowed me to easily pull it back exposing his big purple knob, I looked up to see his head rolled back and his eyes closed. 

Slowly I began to wank him, taking immense pleasure in the sight of this magnificent specimen of man hood and revelling in the joy of pleasing another mans erection. Obviously you'd like to think that every man likes it the same but it was still nice to know I was doing it right for him, he was certainly enjoying it and I could sense his breathing getting heavier the longer my strokes became. 

I knew exactly what I wanted and that was to suck him off, at my own pace, for my own self gratification. I wanted to remember the moment and take in the erotic image of what was happening. It's not often that a Bi curious man gets the opportunity to fulfil an ambition in such a perfect environment and with such an attractive man. 

The sauna was indeed hot and the sweat was already forming on my brow but that only seemed to heighten the imagery, two hot sweaty men, naked and very aroused. I looked up at Tony who seemed very relaxed and sat back with all his manhood on show, I savoured the sight of his tight ball bag and long shaft, I pulled gently on his foreskin which exposed a very hard bulbous knob and pulled it towards my mouth. I had no apprehension about flicking out my tongue and tasting the salty taste of his pre cum, I ran my tongue all around his knob as I pulled more on his hood. 

"Are you sure you don't do this more often?" 

Tony laughed "You're doing a fucking good job as far as I'm concerned."

I looked up at his smiling face and in one movement took his bulbous head between my lips and drew him in. Tony drew a deep breath of satisfaction as my wet mouth slid down his shaft and I took it as deep as I could, it was a big beast but I did my best to accommodate it and he wasn't complaining one bit. 

For the next ten minutes or so I licked and I sucked to my hearts content, my own hard on twitching with excitement, but getting no relief of sorts. Tony, however, was certainly on his was to orgasm. I continued to pull gently as I moved down his pole to lick his balls, I had to tilt my head sideways but buried my head between his thighs and licked and sucked on his testicles. This seemed to spark a major reaction with Tony and he lifted his hips from the bench giving me more room to manoeuvre, he was beginning to groan quite load now and I know he was soon to off load his hot cum and I wanted to complete my task by taking it in my mouth. I returned to his knob and renewed my deep cock sucking whilst cradling his balls in my hand; my mouth was slobbering all over him as he began to move in time with my dipping head. It took only a few minutes before Tony began to thrust him self into my mouth, 

"Oh God, I'm gonna cum, yes that's it, don't stop!" 

As if I was planning to, again I looked up at his face and it was a picture of sexual ecstasy, he was biting his bottom lip and watching every move I made. The two of us enjoying the visual imagery of a man on man moment. Only moments later he thrust forward and remained in that position, I knew then that it was about to happen and so pulled my mouth back a little and watched as I pumped him harder than before. 

"Yes, you bastard," he groaned, "I'm cumming." 

And on the next stroke he gave a deep grunt and exploded, his hot cum shot into my mouth, my lips closed around his head as I took the full blast into the top of my mouth. Oh what a feeling it was, he let loose with a second blast and this time it filled me to the brim. It was swallow or dribble, so I gulped the lot down and revelled in the warmness of the stuff sliding down my throat. I finished him off and then sucked him clean, his accolades of how good a blow job it was ringing in my ears.... 

Tony repaid the favour later, but that's another story!!!