 My affinity for sucking cock may have begun at age 18 with Lt. Simms, but it has lasted throughout my adult life.

My next go -- so to speak -- came right after we moved back to the states. I was barely 19 when my father (with my brother and me in-tow) landed in Northern California. It was a far cry from Europe, but I decided to make the best of it.

We settled into a three-bedroom house in the East Bay, not far from the community college I was attending. Although I had a driver's license, I didn't yet own a car. Instead, I generally rode my bicycle to school and work. For dates, or anything more serious -- like job interviews -- I had to rely on borrowing my brother's or occasionally my father's car. 

I was scarcely three months into my first semester in college when my dad broke the news to me. He had, yet again, come up on orders to relocate. This time to Texas. It was one of those make-it-or-break-it times in my life. Although I had a part-time job, it didn't pay nearly enough to allow me to rent an apartment and cover all of my living expenses -- which included school. I knew it was going to be tough, but somehow, I'd figure out a way to make it on my own.

It didn't take me long to land a full-time job as, of all things, a janitor at a health club chain. When I first started, I thought it was going to be one of the grossest jobs ever. I mean, who the fuck enjoys cleaning toilets and scrubbing showers for a living? NOBODY! EVER! Especially since it meant working six nights a week! But, thankfully, it was a job. One that paid enough to rent my own apartment, buy a car, put food in my stomach, and it allowed me to at least continue with my education (albeit some of which was spent in a sleep-deprived stupor). 

It's often said that everything happens for a reason, and that job, at that time, delivered my reason and a life lesson I would never forget.

My evening began like most others in those days. I clocked in at precisely 11 p.m. and headed straight to the storage room where I kept my cleaning supplies and cart. I went out onto the floor -- which was virtually empty by that time of the night -- and cleaned the treadmills, elliptical machines, bikes, etc. By the time I finished vacuuming the floor, there were only a couple of guys playing racquetball on one of the courts. 

My next stop was the ladies locker room. I always did that room first since it took the most time to clean and it would be less likely to have any occupants. You'd think the men's locker room would be the hardest to keep clean, but until you've experienced it... just try getting tons of loose hair, and dried-on hair care and make-up products off sinks, tiled floors and wood benches. Not to mention having to pick up the occasional bloody kotex from the floor or fish a used tampon from a toilet. It's a bitch to be sure.

Like the vast majority of other nights, the room was empty at that late hour. And even though I was always on the lookout, to my DISSatisfaction, I never did find that hot red-haired and blonde chick lying on a bench locked in a steamy 69! (Sorry to all of you porn junkies who are into lesbian scenes.) As I later found out, they do happen in porn. It just never really happens in real life -- at least not in my world in those days.

I'd finally made my way to the men's locker room. By that point, I was getting tired and just wanted the night to be over. I opened the door and did my usual shout-out letting anyone who might be in there know that I was coming in to clean. Not seeing or hearing any response, I went in -- armed with my trusty cart and hose (to spray down the floors and shower stalls).

I did my usual walk-through to try and spot any major issues. I could hear water running in the shower room -- which was not unusual. Many times people would just leave them on and I would have to turn off the water, which was a fairly common occurrence.

As I walked in and turned the corner, I could see there was indeed someone in the shower stall. The club thankfully had a "no—shower curtain rule" (which meant less cleaning for me), but I suspected it was really put in place to discourage lewd behavior. It didn't stop this guy though. As an employee, it was my responsibility to report such things, but I didn't care. I was kind of enjoying the show. Besides, aside from me, he was the only one in the room at the time. No harm, no foul, as they say.

He was an older gentleman (late 40's or early 50's), clean shaven and rather stout. I didn't recognize him as one of the regular late night guys; but then again, I hadn't been there that long. He was lathered from head to toe, and I couldn't help but notice that he was well-built, and fairly hairy except for his pubic area, which was clean-shaven. What was really obvious though was that he was sporting an impressive 8+inch hard-on, which he was rubbing frequently between washes. He also was wearing a tight leather strap that separated his cock from his balls. I'd never seen or heard of a cock-ring at the time, but I later learned how one could come in handy to keep a guy hard. 

I was still too naïve as to initiate anything, so to keep to myself, I simply passed through the shower room to attend to the rest of my duties, which included steam cleaning the sauna and pool area. 

While finishing out my shift, seeing that guy in the shower generated flashbacks of my time spent on my knees sucking Lt. Simm's thick cock, or bent over, ass-out taking a hard pounding until he finished deep inside me. 

My thirst (or was it hunger) triggered by those memories must have been written across my face that night as I went about my work because, just as I was ending my shift, I found a note setting on top of my cart. He had left it in plain sight where I was sure not to miss it. "Meet me in the parking lot as soon as you get off. I'll flash my headlights to let you know where I am."

What the hell? How could he possibly have known? I had to read the note a couple of times to be sure I wasn't reading more into it than what was actually there. Thankfully, it was summer, which meant I didn't have to leave work and head straight to the campus. Eagerly, I quickly finished up and clocked out. As I walked out that morning, I was greeted by two bursts of headlights in the far corner of the parking lot. At first I thought I'd just better ignore it. But, then, thinking about how hot he looked stroking himself in the shower, I didn't want to miss an opportunity that I would later regret. 

I climbed in my car and drove around to where he was parked and pulled into the parking stall next to his. We both rolled down our windows.

"Do you need me for something?" I asked naively. 

He laughed. "No, I'm sorry if I offended you earlier," he said. "I hope you didn't take that wrong and report me. I was just noticed the way you were staring at me in there and was wondering if you liked anything you saw?"

I could tell he was still super horny, but not more than me. "No worries," I said. "Trust me, I've seen a lot more than that. I'm just sorry you had to waste it in the shower alone."

"Oh, I didn't waste it," he said, totally picking up on my vibe. "Do you want to go for a quick ride?"

"Damn," I thought. "He didn't waste much time either." 

"Uh, sure, give me a second," I said. My mind was racing as I finished parking, got out and jumped into his passenger seat.

Neither of us spoke for the first few minutes. My heart was racing and I knew he could tell I was nervous.

"How long have you been working at the gym?" he asked, breaking the ice. "I just started a few weeks ago," I replied. 

"So, how do you like it so far?" he continued. "It's ok I guess. It's a job," I said. 

"You go to school?"

"Yeah, I just finished my first semester at JC."

"That's cool," he said. "So, what kind of things are you into?" As he spoke, he placed his hand on his crotch so I wouldn't misunderstand his meaning. "You like to suck cock, fuck, what gets you going?"

"Um, yeah. I mean I've only done it with one guy, but, yeah, I used to suck him off a lot and we would fuck sometimes."

"I see. So you're a bottom," he said. "Which do you prefer, sucking or fucking?"

"I guess I like both. It just depends on the circumstances."

"There's a place we can go. It's just a little further down the road here," he said. "Do you want to suck my cock? Is that why you were staring at me? Before I could answer, he added, "I hope so, because I don't have a lot of time and I'm horny as fuck. Do you think you could take care of that for me? And maybe another time I'll fuck you or we could do both. How does that sound?"

All I could say in return was, "Ok. Sure."

I don't think either of us said anything else during the rest of the ride. It was still dark outside. I was almost in another world as he drove to secluded parking lot behind a large industrial building.

As soon as he parked he reached down, slid his seat back, lifted his hips and pulled his shorts down to reveal his still semi-hard cock. He then leaned back and said. "Ok, I haven't cum in a while. There's some napkins in the glove compartment. You might need them because there's going to be a lot."

Without saying a word, I reached over and grabbed his cock with my left hand and began to stroke him while I opened the glove compartment and fished out the napkins with my right.

He was still wearing his cock ring so it didn't take long to bring him to full hardness. That was when I leaned over and took the head of his dick in my mouth. 

I couldn't believe how much I'd missed the sensation of having a hard dick in my mouth! I wasted no time taking him as deep as I could given the somewhat awkward angle. To improve my access, I slid my seat back as far as it would go, squeezed my body onto the floorboard and motioned for him to extend his right leg out across the empty seat. In this position, I was able to go all of the way down on him and it gave me access to his balls.

"Holy shit! I didn't know I was getting a pro," he said. "Damn, you're a good little cocksucker. You want my cum?" I nodded and increased my pace.

"Ah fuck. That feels great! Fuck yeah, suck me. Suck that hard cock!" With that, he began thrusting his hips up and down pretty hard, driving his cock as far as he could into my mouth and throat. I choked a bit, but I had learned to control my gag reflex well enough not to spoil the moment.

I didn't think he would last much longer and I was right. I pushed my right hand down between his legs and gave his balls a good squeeze and tug to let him know I was ready. Then, with one loud grunt and upward thrust of his pelvis, his orgasm began flowing into my mouth. He was right. There was a lot. 

Like I'd learned from my earlier experiences with Lt. Simms, I backed off until only the head of his cock was in my mouth, which me allowed me to swallow in rapid succession without choking. I took down every bit of his cum, including the last few drops that I was able to coax out of his dick by stroking the shaft while pushing against the area between his balls and asshole. 

"Holy shit kid," he said. "That was great. You didn't miss a drop! I think you could have a career in porn!"

I kind of chuckled at the thought.

"No, really?" he said as he pulled his shorts back up. "You're a good looking kid. Nice body. And you definitely know your way around a hard cock. I'm serious. I tell you what. I know a lady if you're interested? She's a client of mine. I own a print shop just up the road from here and I print all of her company's video boxes. If you want, I could introduce you. I don't know if she's the right person or not, but I'm sure she could tell you who you should talk to. I'd think it would pay a hell of a lot better than scrubbing toilets in the middle of the night."

"Well, I don't know about doing porn," I said, climbing back into my seat. "I mean, I'm not really gay or anything -- I mean, yeah I enjoy this kind of thing occassionally, but I wouldn't be up for like full-on gay stuff."

"You mean like kissing, making out -- that sort of thing."

"Yeah, I mean I definitely prefer women."

"Ok, I get it. That's cool. I'm the same way. Hell, I've been married twice, so I understand where you're coming from. Here's one of my cards. Think about it. Give me a call if you change your mind or want to get together again," he said. 

By the time I got home that morning, I was out of my mind horny. I had barely closed the door behind me before I undressed and masturbated, thinking that just a few short minutes before, I had found a new cock to suck.

Later that afternoon, I decided to call the number on the card. I had to leave a message, but the guy returned my call right away.

"Hey, how's it going?" he said. "You have a chance to think it over?"

"Uh, yeah," said. "And I think I'd like to take you up on your offers."

"Offers? Oh, you mean... Yeah, ok," he said. "Let me make a couple of phone calls and I'll see what I can do. In the meantime, when are you free? You working tonight?"

"No. Tonight's my night off. What about you?"

"Well, I close the shop at six. Do you have your own place? You live alone?"

"Yeah. I don't live too far -- just a couple of miles from the gym. You want to get together this evening?" I asked.

"I could probably come by on my way home for a while, but I won't be able to stay long. The old lady gets pissed when I come home too late. Go ahead and give me your address and I'll see you around 6:30."

"That sounds good. I'll be ready."

He showed up at 6:30 on the dot. I didn't mind sucking his dick again, but I was really hoping he'd want to fuck too. Happily, I wasn't disappointed.

He began removing his pants as soon as he walked in. "So, do just want to blow me again or do you want to get fucked?"

"Well, honestly, I was hoping for a little of both... if you're up for it?" pointing to the stack of towels, package of condoms and lube I'd placed on the end table beside the couch.

"I'm always up for it," he said. "Why don't you come over here and get me hard."

I walked over and knelt in front of him. Taking his cock into my mouth, I worked his shaft until he was fully erect. When he was ready, he tapped me on the shoulder.

"Go over and get comfortable," he said. I walked over, unfolded one of the bath towels I had laid out and, kneeling on the floor with my chest and face buried in the cushions, presented my waiting ass for his use. Meanwhile, he took one of the condoms from the box and rolled it on. I had already squirted some lube in my ass, but he applied more to the area around my hole and squeezed a generous amount onto his cock.

"Wow, you've got a nice smooth ass. You ready? Are you sure you want this?"

"Sure," I said as he knelt behind me. I felt him rub the head of his cock along my crack until he found my opening. Then he entered me slowly. I winced a bit as the head of his cock penetrated me. "You ok, kid?" he asked. "Yeah, it feels good. Keep going." I said. I even pushed back a bit until I felt the thick part of his shaft stretching my hole. "Oh yeah, feels good," I moaned.

"Wow, you're so fucking tight. You want more? You want it all?" he said as he started fucking me, using deeper strokes each time until he was fully inside. "You like that big cock up your ass don't you? You like getting fucked." He grabbed my hips and picked up the tempo as he spoke. He fucked me like that for a short while, then he raised himself up a bit more by shifting to one knee and leaning his body forward over mine. This position allowed him even greater penetration. It also changed the direction of his thrusts to a more downward direction, directly hitting my sweet spot. 

"Ahhh, yeah, that feels good. Yeah, more," I said between grunts. "Fuck me harder. I want your cum inside me."

I guess he took me literally, because without me realizing it, he slipped his hand down and slid his condom off between strokes. At the same time, I began stroking my cock in rhythm with his thrusts. Finally, he pushed into me hard, stiffened and pulled me in tight as he began emptying his full load up my ass. I came just seconds later, spewing my load onto the couch below. He continued to slowly fuck me until his cock softened.

"Wow kid, you're quite the natural," he said as he sat down on the couch to catch his breath. I remained in the prone position for a few moments, enjoying the sensation that comes with just being fucked. Then, as I slowly rose to my feet, I could feel his cum leaking out of me. I just assumed that the condom had broken. It wasn't until later when I found and examined the rubber that I realized he had removed it.

"Damn, with a tight little ass like that, you definitely should be doing movies," he said. "So, Yeah, I called that lady I was telling you about earlier. She said she'd get back to me tomorrow. As soon as I hear something, I'll let you know."

"Cool," I said, handing him a towel while using one to wipe myself. "You have a great cock. You should consider it too," I said. "So, I'm guessing the wife doesn't know about any of this. She doesn't like anal?"

"Oh, hell no," he said. "We've tried it a few times, but she starts screaming even before I get the head in all of the way. And I'm not married -- we're just living together, but she'd kill me if she ever found out I was fucking anyone but her. And speaking of her, I should probably get going."

"Ok, if you want to wash off, the bathroom is right through that door. There are wash towels on that rack just inside."

"Thanks," he said. 

I slipped my shorts back on and put everything away while he was in the bathroom.

"Ok kid, I'm going to hit the road," he said. "Thanks. You definitely have some skills. Let me know when you want to get together again."

That's how what began as a simple hook-up became my unofficial audition of sorts.