 The next morning I woke up with a start. It was a Saturday, and my mom was in my room to wake me up.

"Danny," she said while lightly nudging me in the arm. "Wake up, you have company."

"Who is it?" I asked as I sat up.

"It's Rachel. Should I tell her to come up?" she asked.

Most parents wouldn't be comfortable letting their son have a girl in his room, especially after just waking up, still in his underwear, but my parents were cool that way. They knew I was gay, I'd come out to them when I was 13, and they'd guessed I was even before that, so it was no shock to them when I came out, and since they'd already had time to get used to the idea, when I told them they treated it as a normal thing, and I couldn't be happier.

Besides, Rachel lived next door and had been my best friend since we were both seven years old, so they were used to her being around.

"Yeah," I said, responding to her question. "Send her up, I'll get dressed real quick."

"Okay, sweetie," my mom said and kissed my forehead before standing up.

Right after she left, I got out of bed and put on some shorts and a loose shirt I sometimes wore to bed.

"Hey Danny," I heard Rachel say as she opened the door. "Good morning."

Rachel was standing there in a short pink flowy dress and sandals, and she was a thing of beauty. She was 5'6"; she had nice and long blonde hair that curled towards the bottom, bright hazel eyes and a killer body. If I hadn't been gay I'd be all over her.

"Good morning," I said as I sat back down on the bed.

She crossed my room and sat down beside me.

"So..." she said, raising her eyebrows.

"So...?" I repeated.

"You wanna tell me what happened last night?" she clarified.

"I already told you."

"You told me what happened in the woods, not what happened when he brought you home."

I couldn't help it, I smiled, a faraway look in my eyes.

"Oh my god," Rachel giggled, clapping her hands together. "This is so exciting. What happened?"

"Well, he brought me home, and when we got to the door... he kissed me again, and it was... I don´t even know how to describe it, Rach, he´s such an amazing kisser. I thought it would be weird at first, but it wasn´t. It just... felt right, you know?"

Rachel smiled and nodded.

"You know," she said after a minute. "I talked to Jake earlier. He called me this morning and told me about last night, and he was so happy. Honestly Danny, you have no idea how much he likes you. You made him really, really happy."

I smiled, knowing that I could make Jake feel so good, but then I frowned.

"Wait a minute," I said. "You just said he really likes me, but last night... you said he..."

"Loved you?" I nodded. "Well, he never said it. I just assumed, but if he didn't before, I'm pretty sure he does now."

I frowned again and put my head down.

"Danny," Rachel said and I looked up. "I'm sorry, I really shouldn't have said that, it wasn't my place, but I do know that he's really into you. You yourself saw that last night."

"Yeah, I guess." I looked away. "It's just that... I got my hopes up, you know?"

She didn't respond, but she put her hand in mine, and it made me feel better.

"Danny!" I heard my mom yell from downstairs. "Breakfast's almost ready. Is Rachel eating with us?"

I looked to her for an answer, and she nodded. "Yeah!" I yelled back.

"Ok, I'll set another plate!"

"Mom's still asleep." Rachel reasoned. "My parents' anniversary was last night and they were out pretty late, so she won't be making breakfast anytime soon."

"So what?" I asked. "You're 18, you're a grown woman, you can make your own breakfast."

"Nah," she casually said as she arose from the bed and made her way to the door. "I'm too lazy, and I like your mom's cooking."

"Alright," I said as I got up too. "I'm gonna get a quick shower while she finishes making breakfast. Make sure you guys don't eat everything before I get there."

"Sure thing sweetie," she said and walked out of my room.

*

"I finally got you, Danny. You're all I've wanted for three years."

That's what Jake said last night, right before he kissed me like I'd never been kissed before.

I'd only kissed one more person, Steven, but that was nothing compared to Jake's kiss. His had been passionate, but kind and sweet at the same time, and had made me hard as a rock, and that's what I was thinking as I stood there in the shower, water pouring down on me, with my dick in my hand.

I wasn't necessarily big, only 7 inches, but with my rather small build, it looked kind of big, especially when it was as hard as it was now, and it was kind of thick, so I was very pleased with myself as I was stroking away, thinking of Jake and his hot hard body rubbing against me, feeling his bulge through his jeans.

I was happily pounding away, stomach muscles clenching, about to shoot, when all of a sudden there was a knock on my door.

"Honey," my mom said, "breakfast's getting cold."

Just perfect.

After that, there was no way I was gonna get to finish, so I just let go of my very unsatisfied penis and sighed. "I'll be right there," I said, and turned off the shower. 

After drying myself with a towel, I wrapped it around my waist and got out of my bathroom, which was attached to my room.

I went straight for my closet and pulled out a simple shirt, boxer briefs from my dresser, and shorts.

After I got dressed, I grabbed my phone, put it in my pocket and went down the stairs to the kitchen.

"Good morning," I told everyone.

"Good morning son," my dad said as he looked up from the newspaper he was reading.

I smiled and sat down on our small breakfast table. It was for four people, and we were a family of three, just me and my parents, but with Rachel here most mornings, it felt like we were a family of four.

"Here's your breakfast sweetie," my mom said as she put my plate in front of me. It was scrambled eggs, hash browns, bacon and pancakes. Just from the smell I knew it'd be good. My mom's a great cook.

They had all already eaten, but they'd saved me breakfast, and my parents sat there chatting away, keeping me company while I ate.

Rachel was there too, sitting next to me, and she kept staring at me, like she was hurrying me to finish.

"What?" I said through a mouthful of eggs.

"I don't know," she said with a smile. "It's just weird to know that you have a boyfriend now."

My eyes went wide as saucers, and I quickly turned to look at my parents. They were still talking quietly, and didn't seem to have heard what she said.

I gobbled down the rest of my breakfast and got up from the table. "Thanks mom," I said. "It was really good."

"I'm glad you liked it, honey," she said with her kind smile and went back to talking with my dad.

"Come with me," I whispered to Rachel as I dragged her by the arm to the living room.

When we sat down on the couch, she looked worried. "Is something wrong?" she asked.

"I haven't told my parents Jake and I are dating," I said.

"What? Why?"

"Because they know he's been my best friend since --"

"Excuse me?" Rachel interrupted. "Your best friend?" She looked genuinely offended.

"Rach, don't be ridiculous," I said. "Of course you are my best friend, but I don't even think about it like that anymore, you're like my sister, the one I tell everything to. After that, Jake is my best friend."

"Alright," she said, pleased by my answer, but trying not to show it. "Go on."

"Well, like I said, they know we've been friends for so long, and they know he's gay, my mom's been asking me practically since the day I told her he came out if we were gonna date. For some reason she's always thought we're gonna end up together, and --"

"We all have," she interrupted again, but I ignored it.

"I don't wanna get her hopes up, sort of speak, until I'm sure about this."

"Hold on a second," she said. "You're saying you're not sure about this? Last night you said the opposite."

I sighed. "I said I really liked him, and I said he's a good kisser --"

"Amazing kisser," she chimed in.

"But there's more to a relationship than that. At least to me."

"You're right," she said. "But you guys know each other so well, and he's ho head over heels for you that I'm sure it'll work out."

"You think so?" I asked.

"I do," she said, putting her hand over mine.

Suddenly, I felt my phone vibrate in my pocket, and when I pulled it out, I saw I had a new text message.

"Who is it?" asked Rachel.

"It's Jake," I said as I opened it and started reading.

HEY DANNY, it said, JUST REMINDING YOU ABOUT OUR DATE TODAY. BE READY AT 6, IM TAKING YOU OUT. XOXO

When I finished reading, I was smiling and blushing furiously. Though I knew he was my boyfriend now, for some strange reason, him saying he was taking me out on a date was so weird and exiting at the same time.

"What?" Rachel asked impatiently when she saw my reaction. "What is it?"

When I didn't respond and just started laughing, she took my phone from my hand and read the text herself.

"Oh my god," she said when she finished and handed me my phone back. "He's so sweet."

"I know," I said with a smile.

*

A few hours later, I was in my room, looking at myself in the mirror. Rachel had helped me pick out an outfit for my first date with Jake, and it had been a struggle to do so.

I just wanted to go for casual, since I rarely dressed up, and it was Jake I was going out with, my best -- sorry, second best friend, who I saw every single day, but Rachel finally convinced me to kind of dress up when she pointed out that it wasn't my friend we were talking about anymore, it was my boyfriend.

It was weird thinking about it that way, but it did make me want to look good for him, so after a lot of wardrobe changes, I was standing in front of my mirror in black skinny jeans that were more than a little tight in the butt, a light blue v-neck long sleeve shirt and a pair of blue and gray Nike kicks.

I had refused the shirt at first, but Rachel insisted it went perfectly with the color of my eyes, so I went for it. Besides, it was the middle of October, so it would probably be chilly later in the night.

I was feeling pretty confident with the way I looked, except for the stupid hairdo Rachel did for me. She had brushed it backwards and parted it to one side. Still, even though I hated it, I knew better than to go against Rachel's command. She was a total sweetheart, but she could be mean when she wanted to.

"You look fantastic," she exclaimed as she took a step backwards to appreciate her work.

"Really?" I asked. "You don't think the hair's stupid?"

"Oh honey," she said with a laugh. "With your butt on display like that, he won't be looking at your hair!"

I know I blushed after that comment.

"Stop it!" I reprimanded her, and she did her best to stop laughing. "You really think he... you know... looks at me like that?"

"Are you kidding?" she asked. "Of course he does. He's 18, for god's sakes, and most importantly," she said while she leaned really close to me, like she was gonna tell me a big secret. "He's a man."

I couldn't help but laugh after that.

"Well, that's one thing you're right about."

"But seriously," she said as she sat down on my bed. "You can't tell me you haven't looked at him like that yourself."

"Rachel, I told you, I'd never seen him as anything but a friend before."

"Still, you can look. I mean, I've know he's way off limits for me for over two years, but I still look, and let me tell you Danny, he is fine," she said, stressing on the word 'fine.'

I laughed. "Well, yeah, I'd be lying if I said I haven't looked at his body. I mean, I have seen him in the locker room after football practice..."

*

One day when I had just finished swim practice and I went into the locker room to shower, I found Jake doing just that.

Usually when I went in, football practice had been over for a while and the locker room was empty, but this one day , he seemed to have taken a little too long to shower, and he was the last one there.

At first, when I saw him standing there naked, I immediately thought to go back out and wait for him to finish, but part of me wouldn't let me do that.

To my shame, I stayed were I was, hiding behind the wall separating the lockers from the showers and watched him.

For a moment there I forgot who he was. It was either that or I didn't care. All I cared about was that I was looking at the sexiest man I had ever seen in my life. We were both 17 at the time, but Jake was all man.

I watched him wash his soft black locks of hair, his handsome face, his broad and muscled chest, which to my amazement already had a light dusting of hair in it, to his rippling six pack, down to...

The moment I realized where I was staring, I looked away and ran out of the locker room, trying to forget that I'd just seen my best friend's penis, which even though it was soft, looked significantly big.

*

"Danny," Rachel said while waving her hand in my face. "You spaced out on me all of a sudden. Is his body really that good?"

She was just teasing, but boy, if only she knew...

"I'm sorry," I said, "I'm just nervous about tonight, I guess."

"Right," she said, not at all convinced. "Well, it's already 5:30, so I'm gonna go." She got up from the bed. "I'm gonna see if my parents have any plans for today. Have a great time, and I expect to hear details tomorrow."

"Okay," I said as I stood up to hug her. "Thankyou."

"No problem," she said sweetly. "Have fun."

She climbed down the stairs, and I heard her say goodbye to my parents before opening the door and closing it back behind her.

"Okay," I said as I went in front of the mirror again. "Let's fix this."

I went into my bathroom and washed my hair, ridding it of the horrible hair wax Rachel had put on it.

After I dried it off with a towel, I combed it, not to any specific direction, just getting rid of the knots, and went back to the mirror.

My hair was now the normal brown waves that it should be, and I brushed the front of it off my face.

It was kind of long, it almost covered my ears, but I thought I remembered Jake saying one time that he liked it that way. I hoped I was right.

After deciding there was no more I could do, I sat back down on my bed and pulled out my laptop.

I logged on to Facebook and started going through my newsfeed, when I noticed I had an inbox from Jake.

I looked at the date and saw it was from the night before, at 12:33 pm. He probably sent it just after he got home after dropping me off.

It read: I did something, and I really hope you're not mad. Check my relationship status.

I went to his profile, and sure enough, he'd changed his status to 'In a Relationship,' but it didn't say with whom.

To my own surprise, I was a little upset, not at the fact that he had changed his status, but because it didn't say it was with me.

As if on cue, I heard the doorbell ring at that moment, and I logged off and ran downstairs, already knowing it would be Jake.

As I reached the landing, I saw my mom letting Jake in, and they exchanged a quick hug.

"Hey Mrs. Morrison," Jake said with his usual charm. "Is Danny here? We're going out for a bite."

"Yes, of course, I'll go call him. Oh there he is," she said as she saw me, and Jake turned to me and smiled, that bone melting smile of his. "Honey," my mom said. "Jake says you're going out?"

"Yeah," I said to her, but looking at Jake. "Sorry I didn't tell you before."

"It's okay," she said. "Just don't stay out too late."

My mom was totally oblivious to the intense visual contact Jake and I were engaging in, since she was so used to him being around, like Rachel, that she wasn't really paying attention anymore.

"Okay," I said. "I'll see you later, mom."

I walked over to Jake and he moved aside, his eyes never leaving mine, smile never faltering, to let me go out first. He quickly followed and we both started walking down the driveway.

"Be careful," my mom called out before closing the door.

Once we reached his car, Jake put his hands on my shoulders and turned me so I was facing him.

"Hey," he said in a low voice.

"Hey," I said.

"I didn't get to greet you the way I wanted, with your mom there, and all."

"Really?" I asked, feigning innocence. "How did you want to greet me?"

He smiled and leaned forward.

As our lips touched, I closed my eyes, and let the softness of his lips caress mine, feeling myself go completely soft, except for one crucial part below the belt.

As he pulled back, Jake was smiling. "You're so responsive," he said. "I like it."

I smiled.

"By the way," he said in a more serious tone. "You look beautiful tonight."

Something in my brain clicked right then. Hearing him say that made all the hours putting up with Rachel dressing me worth it, and I realized more than anything that I wanted to please Jake.

He must've notice something odd about the way I was looking at him, 'cause he smiled again and opened the car door for me.

"Come on," he said. "Get in. I'm taking you somewhere you've never been before."

Was it just me, or was that comment very suggestive? It didn't sound like a bad idea, though...

Pushing that thought out of my mind, I got in the car and settled in my seat while Jake walked around to his own side.

Once he got in, my hand was already in the hand rest, and he didn't disappoint me, taking it in his after igniting the engine and taking off.