 Jake's Point of View

The night of the bonfire, right after I dropped Danny off at his house, I drove straight to mine and parked the car in the driveway. I went inside the house and I saw all the lights were off, which meant my mom was asleep.

I quickly but silently went up the stairs, into my room and closed the door behind me. I started taking my clothes off, leaving just my underwear on, and I flopped down on the bed.

I thought I would go to sleep right away, since I was really tired from the match just a few hours earlier, but I found I couldn't get my mind to settle down. I couldn't stop thinking about Danny. I couldn't stop thinking of the way his lips felt against mine, how his tongue felt in my mouth, how it felt to caress his soft skin... his firm round butt.

Dammit, I couldn't help it.

I pushed down the waistband on my boxers briefs and hooked them under my balls, leaving my already hard and dripping cock sticking up into the air.

As I grabbed my 9 inch boner, I closed my eyes and imagined it was Danny's hand squeezing it, jacking it slowly up and down.

When we kissed, it did surprise me how aggressive he was being, ravishing my mouth with his tongue, but it was the most wonderful surprise, knowing that I could make him that way, and what was even hotter was the sounds he made. He was moaning the whole time, and I knew I could come from just listening to him, and I was getting really close as I stroked my dick with short fast strokes now, wondering if he would make those sexy sounds when we did something else.

That thought proved too much for me, and I came all over my hand and my chest with an intensity I could only achieve when I thought about my Danny.

As I laid there in my bed enjoying my post-orgasmic bliss, I realized that Danny was indeed mine now, and I got the sudden urge to let the world know, so I pulled out a box of tissues I kept in my nightstand and wiped myself off before getting up and getting my laptop.

Once I settled back in bed, underwear re-adjusted and computer in my lap, I logged on to Facebook and went to my profile. Without even thinking twice, I went to my relationship status and changed it to 'In a Relationship,' but once it asked me with whom, I did stop and wonder if Danny would be okay with this.

I decided against it, so I just left it at that and sent an inbox to Danny telling him what I did and went to bed.

*

The next morning I woke up with a smile on my face. I texted Danny to remind him about our date and went into the shower.

Once I was dry and dressed, I went down the stairs and found my mom making breakfast in the kitchen.

"Good morning mom," I said as I walked past her and kissed her cheek, before going to the fridge and taking out the juice.

"Good morning," she said in an amused tone. "You seem to be in a good mood today."

"I am," I said with a smile and chugged the juice.

"Jake," my mom whined. "Get a glass."

"Sorry," I said as I wiped my mouth with the corner of my shirt. I took out two glasses from the cabinet and went to sit down on the breakfast table. "You wanna know why I'm happy?" I asked her as I poured juice for both of us.

"Sure honey," she said in a happy tone.

"Well," I said. "Last night I got a boyfriend."

My mom stopped scrambling the eggs on the skillet and turned her attention to me. "You what?" she said with a blank expression.

"I have a boyfriend," I repeated.

"But what about Danny?"

My mom knew I was gay. She had raised me on her own, since she got pregnant with her high school boyfriend who dumped her after giving her two kids, and I told her everything.

It had been hard at first, being raised by a single mother and an older brother, and hiding a secret I felt I couldn´t tell anyone, but once I figured out my feelings for Danny sophomore year, I came out to him and then later my mom and brother that same day. I guess you could say she took it well, since she didn't yell at me or cry or tell me to get out of her house, but it was still hard. She just sat there in the kitchen chair where I blurted it out right after dinner and didn't say anything at all for about five minutes. She wouldn´t look at me either.

After that, she just stood up, walked over to me, gave me a hug and told me to go to bed, and we would talk about it later. My brother, who was two years older than me, was surprisingly accepting.

Those first few days after I told her were horrible, neither one of us knowing what to say, but once we got past that, everything was amazing. She got used to the idea and she became my best friend, though I wouldn't say that to Rachel, cause for some strange reason, she wanted to be mine and Danny's only best friend. Anyway, my mom and I talked about everything by this point, and I had told her how I felt about Danny, which was why she was confused that I had gotten a boyfriend.

"What about him?" I asked, feigning innocence.

"Don't be a smartass," she said, pointing at me with her spatula, and I just laughed.

"Mom," I said with a wide grin. "Danny is my boyfriend." Her eyes widened and she lowered the spatula. "Well," I said. "Do you have anything to say to that?"

"Jake, are you being serious?" she asked.

"Yes, mom," I said. "It just happened. Last night. I asked and he said yes."

She left the stove and she came and sat next to me.

"Oh my god, Jake, baby, I'm so happy for you." She took me in her arms and held me really tight.

"Mom," I said. "The eggs are gonna burn."

"Screw the eggs," she said. "My son has a boyfriend." We both laughed.

An hour later, once I had told her every single detail about the previous night and my impending first date with Danny, my mom had to toss out the burnt eggs she had forgotten about and made breakfast again.

Once we ate and she had asked all the questions she could think of, we started cleaning.

Being a single parent, my mom worked her ass off during the week as a manager of our local supermarket, so I tried to help out as much as I could, keeping the house clean, since with my brother being 20 and in college, it was mostly just me around the house most of the time, but on Saturday me and my mom both did things like laundry that I didn't do during the week.

My mom never went to college, she barely finished high school before my brother Aaron was born, so she didn't have a degree, and she ended up working for the supermarket, starting at the bottom, but now, 20 years later, she was the manager. She was doing well now, not struggling to make ends meet, but it certainly helped that my brother and I had always tried to help her, getting jobs during the summer so we'd have our own money to pay for our own things.

Aaron was working himself through college, so now my mom was doing better financially, but it still never felt right to me to ask her for money unless it was strictly necessary, she had already done so much for me and my brother, so I usually paid for my own things.

That Saturday morning, after finishing all the cleaning work, my mom and I just sat there watching TV on the couch, and I kept telling her about Danny, I'm sure, with a dopey look on my face, and she just smiled and nodded at me.

When I was done talking, I was still smiling, thinking about Danny, and my mom looked at me with a curious expression.

"Are you gonna tell him how you feel?" she asked.

She knew I loved him. I had told her so in tears one night when I found out he had started dating Steven. I never, ever, cried, so when she saw me crying over him, she knew I really loved him.

"No," I said with a sigh. "He's not ready. I've been in this position for three years, but this just started for him last night. I'll have to be patient."

"Well thought," she simply answered.

A few hours later, when it was almost time for our date, I went up to my room to shower.

One I was done, I dried off and fixed my hair. Up to when I met Danny my hair had always been long. It had actually been the way Danny's was now, but when I joined the football team, they made us all buzz it off.

I remember one time when it was starting to grow, I told Danny that I wanted to buzz it off again, but he said he thought it looked better longer on top, so from there on out my hair was short on the sides and a little longer on top, and I spiked the front up. That was Rachel's idea, but Danny said he liked it, so I kept doing it like that every day. Not that he'd noticed, but I hoped he would now.

After that, I had a bit of a dilemma. I didn´t know if I should shave or not. Normally, I just trimmed my beard, leaving it short but noticeable, but I started wondering if it would bother Danny. I liked it that way, but it would probably be scratchy.

After a few moments of indecision, I shaved my face clean and went to my closet.

I wanted to look good for my boyfriend, so I put on dark jeans and a button up striped shirt and rolled the sleeves up. I put on a pair of vans, cologne and took my phone. I made a reservation for the restaurant I was taking Danny, and then I went down the stairs.

"Wow, you look so handsome," my mom said as I walked into the living room. "Are you leaving now?"

"Yeah," I said as I grabbed my keys form the coffee table. "We said six, and it's 5:45."

"Alright honey, have a good time," she said as I leaned down to kiss her goodbye. "And bring Danny by later. I wanna have a chat with him."

"Okay," I called back as I walked to the door. "Will do." I went outside, locked the door behind me and got in my 2005 silver Camry. It may have been a little old, but it was nicely kept, didn't spend too much gas, and I had paid for it myself.

When I reached Danny's house, I cut the engine, took a deep breath, and went up to knock on the door.

Danny's mom opened the door, and she asked me to come in.

I was telling her I was taking Danny out when he came down the stairs, and when I saw him I could swear my heart skipped a beat. He looked amazing. His hair had that tousled look he always wore, which to me perfectly framed his beautiful features, his eyes were big, bright and that light blue I always got lost in. He was wearing a for fitting V-neck shirt that matched his eyes and clung to every lean muscle on his arms and chest. His legs, which I loved so much, were incased in the tightest pair of jeans I had ever seen. I could make out his strong things and built calves, which he got from running, and he was wearing those Nike shoes that we both loved.

I know I was smiling, and he was talking to his mom about something, but he was looking right at me.

When he finally walked towards the door, I stepped aside to let him go first, and though it wasn't my intention, I got the breathtaking sight of his round bubble butt moving with his every step.

I licked my lips, but I quickly caught up to him before he noticed, and I gave him a proper greeting with a kiss.

I loved the fact that he seem to just melt into me when we kissed, and I told him so. Instead of blushing, like I thought he would, he just smiled, and it made me smile too, realizing he was readily settling into this relationship with me.

I opened the door for him, and once he was in, I walked over to my side and got in. I smiled inwardly, noticing he had his hand out for me and I took it before driving off.

*

Once we arrived at the restaurant, Danny turned his head to me, eyes wide.

"We're not eating here, are we?" he asked.

"Yes," I said. "We are."

"Jake, this is really expensive," he said.

"I don't mind, Danny," I said. "You're worth it."

He smiled, and as we both got out, the ballet took my keys and I took Danny's hand, leading him inside.

Once we were inside, I gave my name at the front desk and they escorted us to a nice and secluded two person table towards the back.

"I thought this would be more comfortable," I told Danny when we were both seated.

"It's very nice," he said with a smile. "But I do wish you'd have told me we were coming here. I feel a little underdressed."

"Nonsense," I said as I put my hand over his. "You look fantastic."

He blushed a little and smiled, but didn't pull his hand away. Good sign.

"Are you ready to order?" said the waitress as she reached our table. She was probably no older than us, and she smiled when she saw we were holding hands.

"We'd like to take a minute," Danny said in a polite tone. He came from a much more refined family than mine, so he knew his manners, but he was in no way stuck up.

"Okay, I'll come back shortly," she said with another smile and left.

"So..." Danny said slowly withdrawing his hand from mine and taking his menu. "What can we order?" He pretended to be thinking while he looked through the menu, but he kept looking back at me, so I knew he was really asking me what I was willing to pay. I laughed.

"Danny, you can get anything you want. I wouldn't have brought you here if I couldn't afford it."

"Sorry," he said with a sheepish smile. "Didn't mean to offend you." I laughed again.

"You didn't," I assured him, and he smiled, a genuine smile this time.

"Then in that case, I'm ordering the lobster, cause I, mister, am not a cheap date."

We both laughed.

*

After dinner, we went back to my car and it was still only 7:30pm.

"So," Danny said. "It's still pretty early."He was looking at me with hopeful eyes, and I knew him well enough to know what he meant. He wanted for us to do something romantic, cause even though dinner was really nice, it still felt like two friends hanging out, not like a date.

"Don't worry, princess," I said, "I've got something else for you."

"Hey!" he said as he slapped me on the arm. "Don't call me princess! I'm not a girl."

"Well, that slapping thing was very girly. Ouch!" I said as he punched my arm with a closed fist. He was surprisingly strong.

"Now, was that girly?" he asked with a smirk.

"Fair enough," I said, holding my hands up. "No more calling you princess. How about baby? Can I call you that?"

He smiled and narrowed his eyes at me. "Just stick with Danny."

"Alright," I said as I started the car. "Put your seatbelt on, we´re going on a drive." 

*

Half an hour later, we arrived at the place of the bonfire the night earlier. It was 8:00pm and already pretty dark, so I killed the engine but left the headlights on.

I got out of the car, walked around it to Danny's side and opened his door. "Come on," I told him with my hand out to him. He took it and followed me to sit on the logs surrounding what used to be the fire. The only light there was the headlights of my Camry.

Once I sat down on a log, Danny sat beside me, but I patted my knee, signaling for him to sit on my lap, and he just looked at me funny.

"Are you kidding?" he said with an amused laugh. "I am not sitting on your lap."

I pulled the hand I was still holding, forcing him to come closer, and before he could protest, I grabbed him by the waist and settled him on my lap, facing me.

He let out a gasp, but made no move to get off me. He had put his hands on my shoulders, probably for balance, and he was just staring at me with those big beautiful eyes of his. I had to bite my tongue not to moan. There was something in the way he was looking at me, wonder maybe, which stirred something in my chest and in my pants.

"Is this uncomfortable for you, Danny?" I asked, surprising myself with how raspy my voice sounded.

"No," he whispered and squeezed my shoulders a little. "Not at all."

I grabbed his waist again and squeezed. "You look so beautiful like this Danny," I told him. "Like an angel."

He bit his lip and readjusted himself in my lap, not realizing he was pressing his ass into my erection. I closed my eyes and groaned. When I opened them, Danny was smiling.

"What?" I asked him.

"Nothing," he said, but pressed himself into me again, making me let out another groan.

Okay, maybe he did know what he was doing.

"Oh, fuck, Danny," I whispered. "You've no idea what you do to me."

Without a warning, Danny slid his arms around my shoulders and kissed my lips.

As soon as our lips touched, I grabbed the back of his head and parted his lips with my tongue, and Danny complied, sucking it in like he craved it and rocking his hips into me again.

Without even thinking about it, my hands instinctively went to his ass, and I started squeezing it through his jeans.

"Stop," Danny gasped as he pulled away from our kiss, panting. "Jake, stop."

I immediately moved my hands away and froze in panic. "I'm sorry Danny, I swear I didn't mean to push you. I--"

"Jake," Danny said as he put his hand to my lips. "It's not that. It didn't bother me at all. I was actually enjoying it too much. I almost..."

I let out a sigh of relief. "Okay." I started laughing. "You scared me."

"I'm sorry," Danny said, blushing.

"It's okay." I grabbed his face in both my hands. "I need you to know that I will never pressure you, okay? We'll never do anything until you're ready."

Danny nodded, but he still stayed where he was, firmly sitting in my lap.

"Can I kiss you some more then?" I asked. He smiled and nodded again.

This time, when we kissed, it was slow and gentle. There was still tongue -- lots of it- but we were no longer in a rush. I was enjoying tasting Danny so intimately, and he seemed to be doing the same.

Eventually, the position became too uncomfortable for me and I had to move.

"Hold tight," I whispered to Danny as I got up. He fastened his arms around my neck and his legs around my waist as I stood and walked with him in my arms away from the logs and the car.

"Holy shit," I heard Danny whisper. "You can carry me. That's so hot."

He was saying it to himself more than me, but it made me smile. I was glad he was thinking of me that way. I kept walking through the trees, until I reached my destination. It was a clearing, where all the trees ended and a lake started.

As I got there, I stopped where there was still some grass, but we were closer to the lake than the trees. I laid both of us down, Danny on his back on the ground, and me grouching above him. I saw him look behind my shoulder, and I knew he was looking at the moon, but I was too busy watching him.

"This is so beautiful," he said.

"No," I corrected. "You are."

He focused his eyes on mine, and we made eye contact for a few seconds before he put his hand on the back of my neck and pulled me down for a kiss.

We kissed again leisurely, and I began roaming my hands on his sides, slowly making my way up his shirt.

The night was getting chilly, but Danny didn't seem to mind as he took his shirt off, giving me permission to perv on his tight muscular body. This was going better than I'd expected.

I caressed him all over as we kissed, from his small tight waist to his firm chest and strong arms to his small pointy nipples. When I rubbed over them, he shuddered and moaned into our kiss, so I left his lips and covered one hard perfect nipple with my mouth, sucking on it and licking it with the tip of my tongue.

"Oh, ah, yes..." he moaned. "Uh... Jake... yes..." His hands were on my hair now, and he was alternating on pulling on it and pushing my head into his chest. I switched to the other nipple and Danny seemed to approve. "Oh, oh, uh...Jake ..."

I left his nipples and kissed my way down his torso, going from one perfectly sculpted abdominal muscle to the next, until I reached his navel and stuck my tongue in.

"Oh, god!" cried Danny.

"If you like that, you're gonna love what's next," I promised him, but he stopped me by grabbing my head with both hands.

"No," he said. "Not today, Jake."

I would be lying if I said I wasn't disappointed, but I had just promised him we'd go at his pace, so I sucked it up and went back to kissing his lips. I'd get to taste him another time.
