 Danny's Point of View

When we got to Jake's house it was 10pm. He got out of the car, went over to my side and opened the door for me. Once we were at the front door, he took out his keys and we went in.

The house was all dark, except for the living room, where his mom was sitting on the couch watching TV.

"Mom," he called out. "We're home."

She looked up at us and smiled. "Hi, guys," she said, looking at me.

"Hi," I said in a faint voice. I was really nervous. I'd met Jake's mom a few months after we became friends, and we'd always gotten along very well, but I guess with him now being my boyfriend, things would be different for us two, and I didn't know what to expect.

"Well," she said. "Are you two gonna stand there all night?"

Jake put his hand on my back, and we both walked over to her, though he had to push me a little bit.

When we reached the couch, he leaned down and kissed his mom's cheek, like he always did, and I just stood there, not knowing what to do.

"Honey," she said to me with a slight laugh. "Relax. I won't bite you."

I smiled a little, but kept standing there.

"Come here," she said, patting the seat beside her, and I slowly sat down on it, looking at Jake, waiting for him to say something.

"Honey," his mom said to him this time. "Would you mind going to your room for a bit? Danny and I are gonna have a talk."

My eyes widened in panic, and I gave him a look, asking him not to leave me alone.

"Relax," his mom repeated as she stroked my arm. She obviously saw my panicked face. "We're just going to talk."

Jake hesitated a little, looking from his mom to me, but then he nodded and made his way to the stairs.

"Well, Danny," Jake's mom said when we heard Jake close the door to his room. "Jake told me you guys are dating now."

I nodded. "Yeah... since last night."

"Right," she said. "At the bonfire." I nodded again.

There was an awkward silence, and she sighed.

"Danny," she began. "Jake is my son, and I'm sure I don't need to tell you that him and his brother are my whole world. I just need to make sure you are not going to hurt him."

"No," I answered quickly. "I would never do that, Mrs. Moss, I swear. Jake is my best friend, and I would never hurt him on purpose."

"Exactly," she said. "You'd never do it on purpose, I know that, but you hurt him all the same. You just told me he's your best friend, but to him, you are so much more than that. He really, really likes you Danny, and I'm worried that you guys are going too fast. What if tomorrow you were to change your mind? It would crush him, Danny."

I knew what she was saying was true under normal circumstances, but what was going on between Jake and I wasn't normal. It was special, and I knew it when we were lying on the grass, with him on top of me, kissing me. I realized there was nowhere else I'd rather be, and then what he said in the car...

"I won't change my mind," I said calmly, but firmly.

"You're young," she said. "And inexperienced. Jake told me you'd never really had a boyfriend before, and neither has he, so a lot of things could go wrong."

"They won't," I said, and she eyed me suspiciously. "I know it might seem a little rushed... but it doesn't feel that way. It feels right, Mrs. Moss, and if I'm being honest here, I think I've always liked Jake, but I just hadn't allowed myself to accept it. After tonight, though, I have to say that, yeah, I'm sure. Like you said, we're young, and a lot of things can happen, but... I want this." She kept looking at me without saying anything, and I felt uneasy again.

After about a minute, I just had to say something. "Mrs. Moss, are you alright? You haven't said anything in a while."

She smiled. "I'm sorry. I was just looking at you. I'm glad my son has such a pretty boyfriend."

I blushed furiously, and she laughed.

"Go," she said and patted me on the arm. "Upstairs, with Jake."

I stood up and started for the stairs, but I stopped. I hesitated a little, but then I went back to the couch and hugged Jake's mom. She hugged me back, and when we pulled apart she was smiling. I smiled back and went up the stairs.

*

When I got to Jake's door, I tried to open it, but it was locked.

"Jake?" I called. "Can I come in?"

"Yeah," he said. "Hold on, just a second." I heard a lot of ruffling, like he was moving around a lot of papers, and after a few seconds, he opened the door. "Hey," he said, moving aside to give me space. "Come in." I went inside and he closed the door. "So, how'd it go with my mom?"

"It was fine," I said. "She was just being a dad."

Jake smiled. It was a joke between us that she, being a single mom, had her 'mom' and her 'dad' moments. Talking to the boyfriend about his 'intentions' definitely fell under the 'dad' category. 

"So, what were you doing?" I asked.

"What do you mean?"

"Your door was locked, and I heard a lot of noise before you opened it."

"Uhm... nothing, really. It was...uh... nothing."

He seemed very uncomfortable and nervous, both things out of character for him.

"Jake," I said with a slight laugh. "What's got you all fidgety? What were you doing?"

"Nothing!" he said, getting defensive. But then, he lowered his eyes and they suddenly opened real wide. I followed his gaze, and I saw a piece of paper on the foot of the bed.

"Is that it?" I asked, pointing at it. "Is that what you were doing?" He started shaking his head, and I leaned down to pick it up.

"Danny, no!" he said and tried to take it from me, but I was too fast. I took the paper and climbed on the bed, getting away from him and holding the paper out of his reach. He was standing beside the bed, trying to take the paper back, but I wouldn't let him.

"What is it?" I asked, laughing. "Why are you so freaked out about this?"

"Danny, please just give it to me," he begged. He was being very weird about this.

I put the paper in front of me, and when I saw what it was, my jaw dropped.

It was a drawing, and in it was I, lying on my stomach on a bed, with my ass, which was disproportionally big, sticking out, and Jake was kneeling behind me, banging me from behind. As if that wasn't enough, below it was another drawing, and it was me, on my knees, with Jake's penis in my mouth. His penis, by the way, was HUGE.

"OH MY GOD!" I screamed. "JAKE!"

He immediately covered his face with his hands. "Oh, god," he said. "I'm sorry, I'm so sorry." He was covering his face, too ashamed to look at me, so he didn't see I was smiling.

"Jake," I repeated. "Look at me." He shook his head, so I dropped the paper, grabbed his hands with mine, and pulled them away from his face. He looked so embarrassed his face was completely red.

"I'm sorry, Danny," he said. "I didn't mean for you to see that."

"Jake," I said, laughing. "It's amazing!" He seemed shocked.

"So... You're not mad at me?"

"Why would I be mad at you?" I asked. "You didn't do anything wrong, and that drawing is amazing. You're really good!" He blushed again.

"So, you... you... liked it?"

"Yes," I said with a smile. "It's hot." He grinned from ear to ear. "But," I said, and his smile vanished. "My butt is NOT that big!"

He started laughing. "Yes it is," he said and grabbed my ass. "It's big, and it's hot."

I bit my lip. "I hope you are as big as in the drawing, though."

"I won't disappoint," he whispered against my lips.

We started making out, and he made me lay on my back on the bed, with him on top of me. After a few minutes, he made me take my shirt off, and he started kissing my chest, both my nipples, and he made his way down my stomach. Once he reached my belly button, he stuck his tongue in, and I arched my back in surprise.

"Does that feel good, Danny?" he asked me.

"Yes," I moaned and grabbed a fistful of his hair. "Do that again."

Jake smiled and went back down, tonguing my navel, in and out, and he started unbuttoning my jeans when his mom knocked at his door.

"Guys," she said. "It's almost midnight. It's time for Danny to go home."

Jake sighed in frustration and button my pants back up. "Okay," he called out. "Thanks, mom."

"You're welcome, honey. I'm going to bed, so you make sure to lock the door when you leave. Good night."

"Good night," we both said and we heard her walk away.

"Well," Jake said, and kissed my stomach. "It'll have to be another day." He sat up and handed me my shirt. I put it on, and he helped me out of bed.

"Jake?" I said.

"Yes, baby?"

"Can I... keep the drawing?"

He smiled. "Of course." He kissed me. "There are many more where that came from."

"There are?" I asked, surprised.

"Oh, yeah," he said and walked to his nightstand. He opened the first drawer, and it was filled with drawings.

"Oh my god," I said. "Are they all like this one?"

"Not exactly," he said. "They're not all... you know, nudes, but you are in all of them."

"Yeah?" I asked. I was really flattered in a strange kind of way.

"Yeah. I'll show them to you later, but we need to get you home now. Don't want your dad to be mad at me and forbid you from seeing me."

"Oh, come on," I said. "He's not that bad. He likes you, and besides... I haven't told them we're dating yet." Jake's brow furrowed, and he diverted his eyes. That had obviously bothered him. "But I will," I quickly added. "I'll tell them. Tomorrow."

He smiled. "Okay." He put his hands on my back and pulled me in. I put my hands on his chest, his oh, so wonderful and firm chest, and he leaned down and kissed me.

A few minutes later, at 11:58, I opened the door to my house and kissed Jake goodnight. Once I went in, he went back to his car and drove off. 

I watched him through the window, and once he was gone, I went up to my room and masturbated looking at the drawing of Jake fucking me.

God, I so wanted that to happen!

*

The next day, it was Sunday, I told my parents Jake and I were dating over breakfast, and my dad was shocked.

"I thought you said you were just friends," he said.

"We were," I assured him. "But now we're more than that."

It took a little convincing to get him used to the idea, and he had me call Jake and tell him to come over. He had his little talk to him, not unlike Jake's mom had with me, and then he calmed down. My mom, though, was thrilled. She'd always liked Jake for me, and she made sure to let me now it.

After that, I changed my relationship status on Facebook, and I was officially dating Jake Moss.

Jake spent that whole day at my house. He ate lunch with us, and then we all watched a movie together in the living room. Him and I were sitting on the love seat while my parents shared the couch, and a few minutes into the movie, Jake put one arm around my shoulders and I leaned my head on his shoulder. My dad saw us, but didn't say anything. He was taking this amazingly well, considering he was used to knowing I was gay, but I had never had a boyfriend before. I'm sure the reason for that was that it wasn't some stranger, it was Jake.

I too was amazed at how well I was adjusting to being with him. Having him touch me, kiss me, and just be with me, just felt right.

When the movie was over, Jake and I went up to my room, and my dad told us to keep the door open. He was in my room practically every day, but I guess with us now dating his concern was understandable. If the door was closed, we probably would end up making out. Possibly more.

The door was open, though, so we just sat in my bed and talked. I asked about his drawings, and he told me in sordid detail what each of them was, what I was doing in each of them, and what he was doing to me. By the time he finished, I was painfully hard and close to cumming, but I held off, since my mom had made a point of popping her head in every five minutes 'to ask if we were ok.'

I asked Jake when he made the first drawing, and after hesitating for a moment and blushing, totally cute, he said he drew it the day we met. Swoon. That was very romantic in a naughty sort of way, and it earned him a quick peck on the lips. I would've given him more, but I didn't want my mom seeing us. Like Jake's mom and my dad, she too thought we were going too fast.

Oh, well.

*

The next day, Monday, Jake went to pick me up for school, and while I was getting ready, he sat in the kitchen talking to my mom.

"Hey," I said as I went into the kitchen. "I'm ready."

"Hi," Jake said, standing up from his chair. "Good morning, Danny."

"Good morning," I said. I couldn't help but notice how hot he looked. The weather was unusually cold for October, so he was wearing a black leather jacket over a white t-shirt. His jeans were dark and fitted, and like I'd asked him to, he hadn't shaved, so he had a five-o'clock shadow. He really was strikingly handsome.

Jake smiled with all his teeth, obviously noticing how I was looking at him, and I blushed.

"Well," he said to my mom. "We should get going. Nice talking to you, Mrs. Morrison."

"Have a good day, guys," my mom said and hugged each of us goodbye.

At school, everything went better than I'd expected. Apparently, every single one of our friends knew Jake liked me, and they all said it was about time we got together. Class, though, was especially boring that day. I couldn´t focus on anything the teachers said. All I could think about was Jake. How hot he was, how I could have possibly never noticed the way he looked at me before, all the time we'd wasted, and how he'd kissed me right in front of all our friends that morning. I'd blushed furiously, but they all just smiled and congratulated us. I had great friends.

After school, Jake drove me home, and when we got there, my mom made lunch for both of us, and after eating, Jake had to go home to do his homework.

"Don't go," I asked him when we were at the door. I had my hands on his chest and he had his on my lower back. "Stay."

"I can't, baby," he said. "I really wish I could, but I have a lot to do. But I promise I'll call you as soon as I get done, okay?"

"Okay," I nodded. He kissed me softly on the lips and went to his car.

I went back inside, helped my mom with the dishes and sat down on the couch to watch TV.

My dad came home from work at about 5pm, and at 10, I went to my room to do my homework. Once I finished, I took out my laptop, logged on to Facebook and saw most of my friends had liked my relationship with Jake.

After scrolling through my newsfeed for about an hour, I decided to go to bed, so I shut off my computer, stripped down to my underwear and got in bed a little disappointed, since Jake hadn't called.

As soon as I turned the light off, though, my phone rang, and it was him.

"Hey," I said.

"Hi, baby," he said. "I missed you."

"I thought you forgot to call me."

"No, I'm sorry, I was too busy. I got a flat tire on the way home, and I had to change it. Then when I got home my mom wanted me to tell her EVERYTHING about today, and then it was dinner, and homework, and yeah. I was busy. I would never forget to call you, baby. I was actually looking forward to it."

I smiled. "Okay."

"I wanna see you," Jake said all of a sudden. "Why don't we Skype? I wanna see your pretty face."

I smiled again. "Okay."

"Alright, bye." He hung up, and I took out my laptop again. Once I started it up, I logged on to Skype and called him.

"Hey," he said as his face came up. I could see he was sitting in his bed, and he was shirtless, so I could see his beautiful and developed chest.

"Hi," I said.

"So, what'd you do today?" he asked, smile bright.

"Well, after you left, we cleaned up and then I watched TV, did homework, and went on Facebook for a bit. I was about to go to bed when you called."

He smiled and nodded. "I missed you today," he said softly.

"You saw me today," I informed him. Maybe he had short-term memory loss.

"I know," he said. "But after. When I left your house. I missed you when I was home. I miss you all the time Danny." I was touched, but I didn't know what to say. "I always miss you. I need to be around you, and if I'm not, it's like this empty feeling that I get. It only goes away when I'm with you." My eyes got misty. "And every time I see you a get a hard-on." He smiled.

I laughed, but then I put my hand to my mouth. "We need to be quiet," I told him. "My parents are asleep."

"Really?" he said with a raised eyebrow. "We can be naughty then."

I chuckled. "Like your drawings?"

"Yeah," he said, and I saw his right arm start moving. "Something like that."

"Jake," I said in disbelief. "Are you... are you touching yourself."

He grinned. "Maybe."

Oh. My. God. That was so hot. "Stop it," I said, but I was smiling.

"Sorry," he said, and his arm stilled. "I just can't help myself when I see you. You're so hot Danny."

I blushed. "Anyway," I said, changing the subject. "You need to work on your proportions. That ass you drew on me was way too big."

"Alright," he admitted. "I may have exaggerated a little, but it is still really big. And hot." He was grinning.

"And, uh... did you exaggerate on... you know... you?"

"You mean my dick?" he asked. He looked very pleased with himself.

"Yeah," I whispered. 

"How about if I show you? So you can judge for yourself." Before I could reply, he lowered his camera to his groin, and though he was in his underwear, I could see the very long and thick outline of his dick laying to one side, and a wet spot at the tip.

"Oh my god, Jake!" I shrieked and turned away.

"What?" he asked with a slight laugh, and then he lowered his voice very sexily. "Don't you wanna see it?"

I blushed. "Yeah," I said in a whisper. "But not like this. Not through a computer screen. The first time I see it I want it to be live."

Jake laughed evilly. "Alright, you can look now. I put it away." I turned to the screen again and he had focused his on his face. "So... you wanna see it live, huh?" He had a satisfied grin on his face as he said it.

I bit my lip and nodded. This was so embarrassing, but I couldn't help myself. I wanted to see it.

"Well," he said. "How about if I come over and show it to you?"

"Okay," I said hesitantly. "Tomorrow after school. We'll have a few hours before my dad gets home from work, and I think my mom will be grocery shopping."

"No," he said with a smile. "Now."

"What?" I asked with wide eyes. "Are you insane? It's the middle of the night. My dad would never let you in this late."

"He doesn't have to know," Jake said. "I can sneak in through the window."

"I don't know," I said. "I've never done anything like that before..."

"Do you want to see it or not?" he asked, and by the way he was moving his arm, I knew he was playing with himself again. That made me so hot I suddenly made up my mind.

"Yes," I simply said, and Jake smiled from ear to ear.

"I'll be right there," he said, and slapped his computer shut.

*

Less than ten minutes later, I heard a tap at my window. By that time, I had changed out of my sleeping clothes and slipped on a pair of my sexiest underwear. They were a pair of very small and revealing blue Andrew Christian bikini briefs that fit my butt quite nicely. I couldn't believe this was happening.

I went to the window and opened it, but I was surprised when I looked down and didn't see Jake standing in the yard.

"Jake," I called out quietly. "Where are you?"

"Over here," I heard him say, and I turned my head to find him holding on to one of the branches of the tree by my window.

"Oh my god, what are you doing there?" I asked with a laugh.

"How else did you think I'd get in your window?" He asked. He had a point. "Now move," he said. "I'm jumping in. Give me some space."

I moved to the side, away from the window, and Jake jumped. He almost missed, since the tree wasn't that close, but he managed to grab onto the window pane. Quickly, I moved in to help, and we managed to pull him in and close the window.
