 Jake's Point of View



The next morning, as I was driving to pick up Danny for school, I was a bundle of nerves. I had no idea how he would react to my admission the night before, so I had no idea how I should act around him. I really didn't mean to tell him I loved him, but he caught me completely off guard with his boldness, and I couldn't help it, it just came out.

No pun intended.

When I finally arrived at his house, I still hadn't made up my mind, so I just walked up to the door and knocked. I would just play it by ear.

I knocked twice before Danny opened the door.

"Hi!" he said with a smile.

"Hi," I said with a smile of my own. "Good morning. You ready to go?"

"Yeah." He grabbed me by the neck and pulled me in for a quick kiss before stepping out and locking the door. "Let's go," he said, holding his hand out to me.

I was really surprised. He didn't seem shocked or freaked out by any means. He was being very affectionate actually, so I took his hand and we went to school.

*

School, as always, was uneventful, except for the fact that it seemed every single person in there now knew Danny and I were dating.

A lot of students stared at us when we arrived holding hands, but I didn´t care. I was holding Danny´s hand, I'd finally told him that I loved him and he seemed happy about it, so I decided not to let a few stares affect me.

During lunch, we sat at our regular table with our friends, and everything seemed normal. Mike, one of my football teammates was talking about some girl he had recently hooked up with while Ian listened intently. Sarah, being the gossip that she was, was telling Nora the latest piece of news she had learned, while Rachel and Danny were chatting away. It was all every day stuff, except for the fact that I was holding Danny's hand under the table, and he was using his index finger to draw circles in my palm while he talked to our best friend.

I was totally oblivious to what they were saying, until Danny stopped drawing circles in my hand and gave it a pull.

"Jake!" he said.

"What?" I asked, a little startled. "Where you talking to me?"

"Yeah," he said with an amused smile. "Rachel and I were talking about the Halloween party. It's this thursday."

"That's in two days," I said.

"Yeah," said Rachel excitedly. "And Danny tells me you guys don't have costumes yet."

"Wait, are we going to this party?" I asked.

"Yes!" Danny and Rachel said in unison.

"Of course we are," said Danny. "Unless... you don't want to go?"

I really didn't, but looking into my baby's beautiful blue eyes I couldn't say no to him. "Yeah, sure," I said. "I just thought we could do something together, you know? Just you and I."

"You can do that anytime," Rachel intruded. "This is you guys' first party as a couple. You HAVE to go."

"You really wanna go?" I asked Danny.

"Yeah," he said with a smile. "I wanna parade you around. Show everyone who my man is." I couldn't help but smile at that.

"Alright," I said. "Then it's settled."

"Thank you," he said and leaned in to give me a quick kiss.

"Dude!" we heard from across the table. "Come on, I'm right in front of you!" Mike whined.

"So?" I asked. "You've known I'm gay for years."

"Well, yeah," he said, "but you hadn't had a boyfriend before. I'd never seen you in action."

The girls giggled at that, and Ian nodded.

"You still haven't," I said, right before I took Danny by the back of his neck and pulled him in for a searing kiss. He resisted at first, but when I put my tongue inside his mouth, he melted into me and put his all into the kiss. He grabbed a fistful of my shirt and pulled me as close to him as possible, and he kissed me with as much passion as the night before.

When we pulled apart, Danny was a little flushed, and he gave me a shy smile before he went back to eating his lunch.

Then I turned to Michael and Ian, and they were both wide eyed and had their mouths hanging open.

"Now you've seen me in action," I told them, and I went back to my lunch too.

I heard Sarah and Nora giggling again, and when I sneaked a glance at Rachel, she was shaking her head with a smile on her face.

*

That afternoon, I took Danny home after school and had lunch with him and his mom. I didn´t have much to do after that, so I texted my mom saying I'd be spending the afternoon with him.

We watched TV for awhile, but there wasn´t much to see, and besides I wanted to talk to Danny about what'd happened the night before, so I suggested we went out for a walk. He agreed and put on a sweater before we went out the door holding hands.

"Baby?" I asked as we walked down the street.

"Yeah?" he asked with a smile.

"I wanted to talk to you, you know... about last night."

He smiled even wider. "What about it?"

Encouraged by his reaction, I went on. "I was worried, you know... I freaked you out. I honestly didn't plan on doing what we did. I wanted to give you all the time you need–"

Danny stopped walking and stood in front of me. "Jake," he said, squeezing my hand. "You didn´t freak me out. I loved it. Besides, I'm the one who started it, remember?"

"Well, yeah, but I don't want you to feel pressured into it because you know I want to."

"What do you mean?" he asked.

"Well, this is about the drawings I made, isn't it? You saw what I wanted and you thought you needed to do that for me... right?"

He smiled again. That beautiful smile of his. "Not at all. I did what I did because I wanted to. I didn't plan it either, but your... you know... it was right there, and it was so pretty that it made me wanna do it."

I know I blushed after that.

Danny chuckled. "Don't be embarrassed," he said, giving me a peck on the cheek. "It was great, and I was actually thinking we could do it again, say, tonight?" He smiled and kept walking.

Oh, yes, we were definitely doing it again.

*

I threw my head back and moaned quietly.

It was the middle of the night, I was in Danny's room again and my dick was in his mouth.

After our walk, Danny went back into his house and I went home, did my homework, had dinner with my mom, and pretended to go to bed.

At about 11:30pm Danny texted me saying his parents were asleep, so I snuck out silently and jogged the 5 blocks to his house. He'd told me to go in through the back door instead of jumping through the window again, since last time I´d almost plummeted to my death, so I went to the back of the house and lightly knocked on the door.

A few seconds later, Danny opened it and smiled at me. He was wearing a loose shirt and briefs. He looked adorable.

"Come on," he whispered, putting his hand out to me. I took it and after he closed the door he led me up the stairs to his room.

As soon as he closed the door, he was all over me. He started kissing me like a mad man, touching me all over, tugging at my shirt. When he pulled back, I couldn't help but chuckle.

"What's got you so riled up tonight?" I asked.

"You," he simply said.

I was going to laugh again, but I noticed the hungry look on his face, and it made me hotter than ever. "Take off your clothes," he commanded.

I'm not usually the type that likes to be told what to do, but this was different. This was Danny, and he wanted me. Me. Of course I'd do what he said.

I was buck naked in two seconds flat, and so was he.

We stood there looking at each other, and I was once again mesmerized by how absolutely perfect he was. He was lean and muscled. Toned and tanned, and those eyes! His eyes were so blue I could get lost in them, and I did for a second, until he closed the distance between us and took my hand.

He started walking backwards towards the bed, pulling me with him, and when we reached it, he fell onto it, and I fell on top of him, looking into his eyes the whole time.

He raised his hand to my face and cupped my cheek.

"About what you said," he said, startling me out of my trance. "Last night, before you left, you said..." I nodded, knowing he was talking about me saying I loved him. "I do too." We stared into each other's eyes for a few seconds, and mine started watering up. "I don´t think I´m ready to say it yet," he said. "But... I do too."

I smiled with teary eyes. "That's more than enough for now."

After that, we had a repeat of the previous night, trading blowjobs, but this time, Danny seemed to have made it his mission to make it better than the last time, 'cause as soon as he had the head in his mouth, he dove straight down, trying to get to the base. Being new to it, he didn't know that was a really bad idea, but he found out pretty soon when he started gagging and had to pull off.

After he settled down, I told him there was no rush, we had a lot of time to practice, which earned me a smile, and I flipped him onto his back and took his dick in my mouth.

Unlike Danny, I'd had a lot of practice, so it was no trouble for me to take him all the way down my throat, making him moan louder than he probably should have.

*

The first time I ever sucked a cock was when I was 14. I was in eighth grade, and I had just started playing football. I'd already figured out I was into guys, but hadn't acted on it.

One day after practice, I was taking a shower in the locker room, and since I was afraid I would get a boner watching my teammates naked, I always waited until they left to shower, so I was always the last one there.

I thought I would be alone, like I always was, but then Cody Blake walked in, the quarterback, and the single hottest boy I had ever met (until I met Danny, that is). He was tall, blonde and buff, my fucking wet dream (again, until I met Danny).

"Hey," he said, taking his towel off and walking up to a shower head a few down from me. I took just half a second to admire his dick before turning away.

"Hey," I said, blushing. "What are you still doing here? I thought everyone had left."

"Coach wanted to talk to me, so I stayed later than usual," he replied casually while he soaped up his chest.

"Oh," I simply said. It was all I could manage. I was standing naked next to a naked hunk and getting a boner. Dammit!

"What held you up?" Cody asked.

"Nothing," I said. "I'm just slow, I guess."

While I said that, I turned to look at him again, and my eyes involuntarily raked down his body to his cock, which seemed to be half hard! I didn't realize I was staring, but then he cleared his throat, and I blushed furiously, having been caught openly ogling him!

"See anything you like?" he asked.

"W-w-what?" I asked, looking down at the floor while I rinsed off.

"Come on, Moss," he said. "I know you're queer. You don't think I see the way you check me out all the time?"

My eyes quickly snapped up to his face and my blood ran cold.

Cody started laughing. "Don't look so scared, man," he said. "I'm not gonna beat you up or anythin', I just want you to answer a question for me, alright?"

I looked down again. "S-s-sure, w-what is it?"

"Is it true fags suck cock better than girls?"

Needless to say, before I went home that day I'd sucked my first cock. I wasn't very good, but Cody's girlfriend must've been way worse than me, if she even did it at all, 'cause he said it was the best head he'd ever had.

For the rest of that year, he made me suck his cock every single school day after practice, making me take it deeper every time, until I could take him all the way in one gulp without gagging. He said if I didn't do it he'd out me to the entire school.

Besides teaching me to deepthroat, Cody took my virginity, and the bastard was, well, a bastard about it. From the very first time he fucked me he did it hard and fast, with lube, but no preparation whatsoever. It was all about his pleasure and his pleasure alone. Still, I, being the young and naïve – scratch that- stupid boy that I was, thought it was love. He was my first everything, and I thought he loved me, but when I asked him to dump his girlfriend for me, he laughed in my face and told me I was a worthless fag who was good for one thing alone.

I was obviously devastated, so I said I'd never put out to him again, but he said if I refused he'd do good on his promise and out me, but after I cried and begged him not to do it, he said fine, he wouldn't out me, but he never wanted to see my 'faggy ass' near him again.

Doing what he asked was easy enough, since we were awfully close to graduation and I asked my mom to fly me out of state to spend the summer with my grandparents.

I never saw Cody again – thank God! – but what I experienced with him definitely scarred me.

For one, during that summer I decided to try to be straight which was, not surprisingly, a disaster. I had sex with one girl, and at first I wasn't even hard enough to roll the condom on, but I ended up getting a semi, which was enough to get inside her. The entire encounter lasted a long time, since I kept going soft, but once she put my dick in her mouth trying to get me hard, I closed my eyes and pretended it was a guy and I got a semi again. 

Second, after confirming I was indeed 100% gay, I decided to try having sex again, but I never bottomed again. I knew not every guy would be as much of an asshole as Cody had been, but I still wasn't okay with the idea of letting someone have that much control over me. I wanted to be the one in control now. Besides, I had a major growth spurt that year, and I started getting body hair, so I was attracting smaller guys that wanted to bottom anyway.

By the time I met Danny freshman year of high school, I had gotten around enough to know what I was doing and what I wanted, which was his ass. I was so extremely hot for him I had to cover my crotch with a book or something whenever I was near him, but as I got to know him, I realized there was more to my feelings for him than just lust. I liked everything about him, not just his drool-worthy body.

I was even more attracted to him than I had been to Cody, and that scared me, which was why I basically turned into a man-whore when I was 15.

I have always looked older than my age, and by then I already looked 18, plus I was tall, hot and I knew it, so getting into bars and finding someone to fuck was not hard for me, but none of those nameless, faceless twinks did anything for me.

Sure, they were hot and skilled more often than not, but they weren't Danny. They weren't my adorable sweet innocent wet dream.

Sophomore year I realized I was in love with him, and I had to have him, so I came out to my mom, brother, and Danny himself.

It took all the courage I had to come out to him, so when he completely misread my intentions by taking it as me just confiding in him as a friend, I was too much of a chicken to correct him. After that, I didn't care anymore, so I told Rachel and everyone else.

I realized then I'd never have him, since I had so obviously been friend-zoned, so I went all man-whore again, until a few days ago at the bonfire.

Anyway, that was then, and now I had him, sprawled out on his bed, naked, and moaning to my skilled mouth and throat.

If there was one thing that I was grateful to Cody for it was making me such a good lay.

*

After Danny came like a volcano in my mouth, he eagerly went back to trying to get my whole dick in his mouth, and he surprisingly didn't gag when he ALMOST took me down to the root. Yup, my baby was a quick learner.

When we were both sated, we just laid there on his bed and made out for a long time.

When I checked my phone it was 12:30pm, so I put my clothes back on and kissed him one more time.

"I'll see you tomorrow, okay baby?" I asked.

"Mmhmm," he mumbled with half closed eyes.

"I love you." He just smiled and closed his eyes. I put the blanket over him and kissed his temple.

Before I closed the door to his room, I just stood on the doorway for a while, admiring his beauty and wondering how in the hell I got so lucky to have him. I didn't know what I'd done to deserve him, but I desperately hoped I got to keep him.

I closed his door quietly and turned towards the hall, when I saw Danny's dad standing there and my heart stopped beating for a second.

"Holy fuck!" I whispered, and suddenly remembered who I was talking to. "I'm so sorry, Mr. Morrison, but you scared the crap outta me."

"Yeah, well, imagine how I felt when I came out of my room an hour ago after hearing some noise and finding my son sneaking his boyfriend into his room."

My eyes widened and I lost all color on my face.

Mr. Morrison sighed and pinched his nose.

"Look, Jake," he said. "I know you guys have been lying to us. You've obviously been dating for far longer than you say you have, and honestly, that's fine. I've gotten to know you the past few years, and I know you're a great kid." He put his hand on my shoulder. "You're good for my son, but I can't have you guys having sex across the hall from me and my wife and being so loud. She doesn't know anything about this and I want it to stay that way. I know you guys are young and in love, I can see it in your eyes, so I'm not gonna ask you to stop, but you need to be more quiet, alright?" I nodded, too shocked to do anything else. He padded my shoulder, turned around and walked back to his room. "Good night," he said on his way. "Lock the door behind you."

I stood there in the hallway taking it all in. He knew we were having sex, thought we'd been doing it for a long time, and he was okay with it. It certainly beat him knowing the truth. He probably wouldn't be okay with us having sex four days after we started dating, but he didn't need to know that, and Danny didn't need to know his dad knew about this either. He'd die of embarrassment.

Shaking my head with a smile on my face, I walked down the stairs, crossed the dark kitchen and walked out the back door, making sure to lock it before.

As I made my way home, I thought of how great life was, and I actually couldn't wait for the Halloween party. Danny was right, I was his man, and as much as he wanted to parade me around, I wanted everyone to know he was mine.