 Danny's Point of View

I closed my locker and put my book under my arm.

"Are you serious?!" Rachel whispered.

"Yes!" I said.

"Oh, my god, if that happened to me I would die!" she exclaimed as we walked through the crowded hall to our next class.

"That would never happen to you," I said. "You don't have a boyfriend to sneak into your room at night."

She giggled. "But you do."

I sighed dreamily and smiled. "Yes, I do." We both laughed.

"No, but seriously," she said, getting serious. "I can't believe your dad knows about this and you're not freaking out."

*

The previous night, after Jake and I... got intimate... again... I was about to fall asleep when I heard whispering through the door. I got up and leaned on it to listen, and I heard my dad telling Jake he knew what we were doing and, surprisingly, was okay with it.

*

"Well," I told Rachel. "He said it was fine, though he thinks we've been together longer than we have, but I'm not about to correct him. I don't want my dad thinking I'm an easy lay. If that happened, then I would die."

"You're not, though," she said. "You actually haven't gotten laid, like, ever. And considering you're a guy, 18, and dating someone who's head over heels in love with you and is obviously dying to get in your pants, you are definitely not an easy lay."

I laughed.

"Seriously," she said. "You guys should do it already."

"Rachel!" I said. "We've been dating for five days today!" We reached our classroom and walked in.

After we were seated, next to each other, of course, she flipped her long blonde hair out of her face and looked at me.

"Officially, yes, you've been dating since last friday, but you've practically been together for three years. I mean, seriously, I knew Jake was gay even before he came out just by looking at you guys. They way you guys talk to each other, they way he looks at you, the fact that he's always hugging you for no reason, kissing your cheek, how jealous he got when you talked about Steven..."

She went on and on, and I realized she was right... about everything. Jake had been my boyfriend without either one of us realizing it basically since we met.

Funny that...

I smiled.

"I know what you're thinking," Rachel said.

"What?" I asked.

"You're thinking about it. Having sex with him."

"Rachel!" I whispered. She wasn't that loud, but still, we were in the middle of a classroom full of people I knew. I blushed furiously.

"You are," she defended, and of course I was. "It's okay, though, you have the perfect opportunity tomorrow night."

I frowned, confused, but then it suddenly clicked in my head. The Halloween party!

The teacher walked in and we had to stop talking, but I could see Rachel looking at me from my side view.

She was right... it was the perfect opportunity.

*

Jake's Point of View

I was standing at the cafeteria in line, waiting to get my food, when I heard someone calling me from behind.

"Moss!"

I cringed. I recognized that voice. Steven Price... Danny's ex.

"What's up?" I asked casually, but without looking back towards him. Mike and Ian were standing next to me, looking uncomfortable for the confrontation that was sure to come. They were part of Danny's close group of friends, along with the girls: Rachel, Nora and Sarah, so they knew Danny had dated and just broken up with Steven.

"Nothing much," he said, coming up next to me. "Just found out you're dating that fag boy Daniel. Wanted to see if it was true."

Was the jealousy I heard in his voice? I'm pretty sure it was.

My jaw clenched and I balled my fists as I turned to look at him. He was actually a pretty good looking guy, but he was an insufferable asshole.

He was 5'11, lean but nicely muscled, which I knew from watching him shower after football practice, and he was well proportioned, if you know what I mean, but not as much as me. Still, it was a pretty decent size, and he had a handsome face with brown eyes and blonde hair, but, God, that attitude! It made me want to punch his pretty little mouth closed.

Controlling my temper, I smiled. "Yeah," I said cheerily. "It´s tru. I'm dating the same fag you were dating up until last friday."

Steven's smug smiled disappeared and he lost all color on his face. He turned to Mike and Ian, panic shown all over his face. He didn't know anyone knew about his 'secret.'

"Don't worry," I told him. "They already knew. So do I, and don't you forget that."

It was his turn to clench his jaw and ball his fists, obviously understanding my threat, and he walked off with a huff.

I'd wanted to punch him, but calling him out and making him vulnerable was just as good.

*

After grabbing our lunches, me and the guys went and sat at our table, were Danny was already sitting with Rachel and the girls.

"Hey baby," I greeted him with a quick peck on the lips. "How's your day going?"

"Good," he said with a smile. "Rachel and I were talking about the Halloween party again. It's tomorrow, and we still don't have our costumes."

"Danny, I don't like wearing costumes," I complained.

"You can wear your football uniform," Mike suggested.

"That's a good idea!" Danny said.

"Yeah," Mike went on. "Me and a few of the other guys on the team were talking and we're all wearing our uniforms to the party."

"Okay, then," I said. "That's a costume I don't mind wearing. But what about you, Danny? What're you gonna wear?"

"I don't know," he answered. "I'll think of something."

We ate our lunch and chatted some more, and when the bell rang we went to class.

A few hours later, when school was done, I went to the parking lot towards my car, and like always, Danny was already there waiting for me.

"Hey," I said with a peck to his full pink lips.

"Hey," he answered, smile bright. Once we were inside the car, and Danny's hand safely inside mine, he turned to look at me. "Guess what?" he asked as I started the engine.

"What, baby?"

"My mom just texted me. She says she's going out to lunch with some friends, and she's not gonna be home for a while, and dad's still at work, so..." He wiggled his eyebrows. He was so cute. I smiled.

*

Ten minutes later, Danny and I were going up the stairs to his room, shedding our clothes and trying to kiss in the process.

By the time we reached his bedroom door we were both naked, and like he always did, Danny was trying to suck my tongue into his mouth.

We went in, him walking backwards without letting go of my mouth, pulling at my hair, and when his legs hit the bed, I grabbed him and threw him onto it, separating us.

When he bounced on the bed, Danny giggled, but soon I was on top of him and smothering him with my mouth again. Meanwhile, he was making those sexy whimpering sounds of his and pawing at my back and waist, trying to bring us closer together.

I broke away from our kiss and started kissing and licking the side of his neck, and he resumed pulling at my hair while he panted. I made my way down his collarbone, to his nipples, then down the deep valley that bisected his abs, and dove into his bellybutton with my tongue, like I had done after our first date.

As I was doing this, Danny started moaning louder, arching his back and thrusting himself into my face.

"Jake," he said with a voice full of need. "Please..."

I knew what he wanted, since his need was poking me in the chin at the moment, it was so hard.

Leaving his navel, and with no further due, I slid down a little lower on him and took his whole penis in my mouth in one gulp.

"God!" Danny screamed. "Yes!"

I was about to pull off and tell him to quiet down, but then I remembered his parents weren't home. The neighbors could still probably hear him, but so what?

I started bobbing up and down, licking the underbelly of my beautiful boyfriend's cock, then pulling back and doing it again, until he was like one giant nerve.

"Oh, god, Jake!" Danny said. "I'm gonna cum!"

As soon as he said that, I pulled back until only the head of his pretty dick was in my mouth, and I used my hand to jerk him off.

"Oh god, oh god, oh god!" Danny exclaimed.

A second later he came, hard, in my mouth and I continued to jerk him off until the flood finished.

When I sensed he was done, I swallowed, taking my time to savor all of his juices. He was a little salty, but mostly sweet, like everything else about him. He was perfect.

I pursed my lips and pulled off with a pop, making Danny whimper. He was over-sensitive after having just came. I let go of his softening dick and got up on my knees in the bed.

"What did you think, baby?" I asked, already knowing the answer. "Was it good?"

He closed his eyes and leaned his head back into the pillow, melting into the bed. "Oh my god..." he whispered. "That was fucking heaven!"

I laughed. "I'm glad you approve." I laid down and pushed him onto his side so I could spoon him from behind.

He sighed contentedly when I put my arms around him and put his own on top of them. I kissed the back of his neck.

"Wait," he said. "You didn't finish."

He probably felt my erection poking the back of his leg.

"That's okay," I said. "You're tired."

We fell silent again.

"I'm sorry," Danny whispered after a second.

"Hey," I said, dislodging our arms and pulling him onto his back. I raised myself and looked down into his beautiful, regretful eyes. "You don't have to apologize. There's nothing for you to be sorry for."

"Yes there is," he said, taking me by surprise and grabbing my dick in his hand. He squeezed. I yelped. How embarrassing. "It's just..." he said. "I haven't really learned how to do it, and... I'm sorry, it just feels like so much work, but you make it look like it's so easy. It's frustrating."

"Danny," I said, reaching my hand up to touch his face. "You don't have to do anything you don't want to. I don't want you to be frustrated when you're with me. I won't ask you to do anything you don't like."

"I do like it!" he said. "But it's frustrating to know I'm not doing it right. I mean, I love how you taste, and feeling you in my mouth, but I can't take all of it, and that frustrates me."

"You don't have to take all of it," I assured him. "What you've done so far is amazing. You don't have practice, but when you do it... I don't know, it feels like... I don't know." I laughed nervously. "It feels weird to say it, but the way you do it feels like worship, and I love it."

Danny smiled and squeezed my cock again. "It is worship," he said, and his eyes went to my cock. "It's so perfect, and long, and thick, and pretty... it's meant to be worshipped." He leaned down and kissed the tip, and I almost collapsed.

"See?" I asked. "That's wonderful. You're already amazing. I have more practice, but you'll get there."

"Don't say that!" he said, suddenly mad.

I was shocked. I didn't think I'd said anything wrong, but I obviously had, and even though he looked really mad, Danny didn't push me off him, and he didn't let go of my penis.

"What did I say?" I asked.

"You keep saying how you're so experienced, how much practice you've had, and it makes me sick! I know you're not a virgin like me, and I know you've been around, but you're mine now. Hearing you say that makes me think of all the other guys that were before me, and that makes me angry. I don't want to think about anyone else touching you. You're mine now, Jake. This," he said, squeezing my dick again, "is mine. It may be attached to your body, but it's mine, you hear me?"

I could not believe it. Danny was jealous, and he was being possessive. I loved it.

"Yes," I managed to say before I started laughing.

"What's so funny?" he asked, trying to stay mad, but his smile betraying him.

"I'd never seen you like this. I like it."

"Well, I don't," he said with a smile. "So stop making me jealous."

I kissed him. "Okay. I promise I won't talk about it again. From now on, I have no past. I'm a virgin for you, Danny."

He smiled. "Perfect. For that, you get a reward." As soon as he said it, his grip on my dick loosened a little and he slid his hand down, then up, and then down again.

"Mmmmm," I moaned as he slowly and leisurely masturbated me.

He raised himself up and pushed at my chest.

"Lay back, babe," he said in a sweet voice that I was starting to notice he only used when we were being intimate.

I did as he asked, closing my eyes and leaning back until I was lying flat on the mattress, head on the foot of the bed. Danny straddled my thighs and grabbed a hold of my dick again. Then I realized -- he'd called me babe.

My eyes snapped open. "Wait a second," I said, and Danny stopped mid stroke. "Did you just call me babe?"

"Yeah," he answered with a sultry smile. "Is that okay?"

"It's fucking perfect," I said, and he smiled again.

Then he leaned down and spit on my cock, lubing it up before taking it back in both hands, twisting and stroking my cock slowly, lovingly, and with a look of wonder on his beautiful face.

"God, baby," I moaned. My eyes rolled to the back of my head, and I grabbed his solid, toned thighs in my hands while he made love to me with his hands.

"Is that good?" he asked quietly.

"It's magnificent," I whispered, eyes closed, toes curling and hands squeezing tanned, toned muscle.

Danny spit on my dick again and picked up his pace, bringing me closer and closer to orgasm.

I started moaning like crazy, and then Danny took the head in his warm, wet and wonderful mouth, teasing the slit with his tongue, and that was it.

I came forcefully, shooting jet after jet of hot jizz in his mouth, and he never backed off, swallowing every single drop even after I was done cumming, licking it all off and leaving my dick slick and shiny with his saliva.

I took him by one arm and pulled him on top of me, claiming his mouth as mine and sucking his tongue into my mouth like he always did to me.

"I love you so much, Danny," I said when we pulled off, both panting and struggling for breath. "So... so fucking much."

He just looked into my eyes for a long minute, and I knew. He loved me too.

He leaned down and we kissed again, rolling around on the bed until I was on top of him, then again until he was back on top, and then we kissed some more.

"If my dick is yours," I said between kisses, "then this is mine." I grabbed two handfuls of his voluptuous and firm round butt. "It's mine and no one else can have it."

"No," he panted, also between kisses. "No one. It's yours. Only yours."

His words made me even hornier than I already was, knowing he was submitting himself to me like that, and I just had to have him.

I knew it wouldn't happen right then, since his first time should be special and beautiful - he deserved that - but it would have to happen soon. Really soon.

*

Half an hour and a lot of kissing later, we were dressed and watching TV cuddled in the living room when his mom walked in.

"Hey boys," she greeted us when she saw us.

"Hey mom," Danny replied.

"Hey Mrs. Morrison," I said.

"How was your day today?" she asked, sitting down on the other couch. "Anything interesting happen?"

Boy, if only she knew.

"No," Danny replied, and I just knew he was smiling. "Same as always."

She smiled. "What are you watching?"

After the show we were watching was over, I decided to go home, so I said bye to Danny's mom and kissed him at the door, where he stood until I drove off.

*

Danny's Point of View

As soon as I saw Jake pull away from the driveway, I closed the door and ran up to my room. Once there, I took my phone and called Rachel.

"Hey Danny boy," she answered cheerfully. "What're you up to? I'm bored."

"Perfect," I answered. "I need to talk to you. Come over."

"I'll be right there," she said and hung up.

That was why she was my best friend. If I needed her, she was there as soon as humanly possible, no questions asked, and she knew I'd do the same for her.

Not a minute passed when I heard the front door open. Being Rachel, she obviously didn't need to knock. I heard her say hi to my mom and tell her she was coming up to my room, and then the door opened.

"Danny," she said, looking kind of scared. "What's wrong? Did you and Jake have a fight?"

I shook my head. "No. But he was here earlier, and... something happened." She approached the bed and sat next to me.

"What is it?" she asked. "What happened?"

"Well, we... you know...?" She smiled and nodded. "And it was a little more intense than the other times. It was... more intimate, more... meaningful. He's so wonderful, Rachel, but then he started saying how much experience he had, and I just snapped. I told him to stop talking about his past, because just thinking about him with someone else makes me jealous. And I... god, this is so embarrassing... I... I told him he was mine." Rachel smiled again and tried to cover it with her hand, but it was enough to make me blush. "I got all clingy and stuff, but he was so amazing about it. He didn't make me feel embarrassed. He actually said that he was mine, and then he said that I was his too... and I agreed."

Rachel couldn't contain herself anymore.

"Oh, my god!" she said and playfully slapped my arm. "You guys don't waste any time, do you? That's perfect!"

"That's not it, though," I said. "After all of that happened, I... made a decision." She looked at me expectantly. "I'm gonna do it. I'm having sex with Jake tomorrow night after the party."