 Hey guys! Sorry I've been absent for such a long time, but I was busy. First it was the end of the semester, then the holidays, then the beginning of the semester, and well, you get the picture, it's a vicious cycle. Anyway, I'd thought of just giving up on the story altogether, since I never have the time to write, but so many of you have commented and e-mailed me so many nice things saying you like my story that I couldn't leave you hanging like that, but I still don't usually have time to write. So, I decided to give this story some closure, but I do have more ideas for it (i.e. Steven) so I'd like you guys to tell me if you'd like to read more of this so I can write another story in the future, either a continuation of Earning Danny or a spin off. Anyway, it's in your hands.

Here's the final chapter of Earning Danny, hope you enjoy!

*

Jake's Point of View

Finally. It was Thursday, and not only that, Halloween, which meant tonight would be the party, and I had something special planned for Danny afterwards. I couldn't wait.

The whole day was a blur; I couldn't focus on anything the teachers were saying, and for a million dollars I wouldn't be able to tell you what Mike was saying to me as we walked to the parking lot. All I could think about was my sweet beautiful Danny, who I was fantasizing of finally making love to tonight.

As I reached my car, and my Danny, Mike left, saying he'd see us later tonight, and I greeted my boyfriend with a peck on the lips.

"Hey," he said with a smile. "You seem happy. What are you thinking of?"

"Tonight," I said. "After the party." I saw him blush, and I know he knew what I meant.

We got in my car and I started driving. After a few moments of silence, I squeezed his hand. "Baby?" I asked, and he turned to look at me with those big beautiful blue eyes of his.

"Yeah?"

"Uhm..." Suddenly, I was out of words.

"It's okay," he said, squeezing my hand. "Go ahead. Tell me."

I cleared my throat. "I just want to make sure we're on the same page here... I mean... I love what we've been doing... but I was thinking maybe you'd be ready for... I don't know... more?"

I let the question hang there, holding his hand and staring straight ahead at the road, but then I heard Danny chuckle, and I turned to see him smiling sexily at me.

"Yeah," he said quietly. "I think I'm ready for... more."

Great, I thought, now he's mocking my nervousness, but if he's making jokes, it means he really is okay with this.

Perfect. Plan still in place.

"Alright," I said cheerily, and Danny laughed.

Once we got to his house, instead of going in for a while like I normally did, I just dropped him off and went home, since we both needed time to get ready for the party, and our own little afterparty. We hadn't talked about it outright, but we both knew it was time.

*

A few hours later, I was showered and dressed in my football uniform, minus the helmet, and I took out my phone to check the time.

9:30 pm. I checked my room one more time, making sure I had all I needed.

The bed was neatly made and sprinkled with rose petals, I had candles on my dresser and nightstand, and inside said nightstand I had a bottle of lube and two condoms.

It'd been an internal debate for me buying those condoms. I'd thought about getting a box, but maybe that would be presumptuous, thinking we'd use that many, but I also didn't want to get just one. I'd done it multiple times in one night before, and this being Danny, I'd probably be hard all night.

That said, I bought two condoms and put them in the drawer.

After saying bye to my mom and making sure she was still going through with our plan, I got in my car and drove to Danny's.

Once I parked in front of his house, I took a deep breath, got out of the car and went to knock on his door.

His dad opened, and he said Danny wasn't ready yet, so I should come in and sit with him for a second. I agreed, and we sat down in front of the TV for a few minutes, and he asked me a about school and football.

Then, Danny came into the room, and though I wouldn´t say anything to hurt his feelings, I was a little disappointed by his choice of costume. He was wearing a brown robe and a magician´s hat. His face still looked beautiful, it couldn't help it, but Danny's sexy little body was all cover up by the brown and baggy atrocity.

"Hey," he said, smiling at me as he entered the room.

"Hey baby," I said, standing up. I kissed him on the cheek and put an arm around his waist. "You ready to go?"

"Yeah," he said, and turning to his parents, "Don't wait up. The party will end really late, so I'll probably just crash there."

"Danny," his dad said with a tone of condescendence, "you can tell us if you're going to Jake's. It's fine. We trust you guys."

Danny turned crimson, having been caught. Apparently he was on the same page as me, since I was planning on having him sleep on my bed with me that night.

"Well," Danny said nervously, "see you guys later then. Bye." Taking me by the hand, he quickly pulled me out the door and to my car. Once we were leaning on it and far away from the door, he let out the breath he'd been holding. "Oh my god!" he said. "How the hell does he do that?! It's like he can read my mind!"

I laughed. "He's your dad, baby. It's what they do. Besides, you're a terrible liar."

He narrowed his eyes at me, trying to look hurt, but then he smiled. He knew it was true.

"I'll take that as a compliment," he said, looking up at me from under his lashes.

"It was," I said, kissing the tip of his nose.

A few minutes later, we were sitting in my car and I was driving to Mike's house. He was hosting the party. His parents were really wealthy and his house was huge, so every time someone wanted to throw a party they'd ask Mike to host it. He always did, and his parents didn't mind, since he was a nice guy, never got in trouble, played football but didn't neglect academics; all in all he was a pretty good guy and my best friend. He was my equivalent of Danny's Rachel.

Once we got to Mike's street, I had to park really far away, since there were so many cars there wasn't space anywhere near the house, so I parked, and as I killed the engine and ran around to the other side to Danny, my jaw dropped.

Danny had taken off his stupid magician hat, and when he pulled off his robe, I noticed his real costume.

He was wearing his cross country uniform -- his really, really short and impossibly tight shorts and tank top. He looked delicious. That tank top displayed his beautifully toned arms and torso, and those shorts! Oh god, those shorts! They were so short and tight they displayed his beautiful strong, muscled, and silky smooth legs, and noticing I was staring, Danny did a little twirl for me, and I'm pretty sure I started drooling when I saw him from behind. The uniform did a wonderful job of showing off his tiny waist and the curve of his beautiful bubble butt.

"Holy shit, Danny," I said, trying to get my bearings. "Is that your costume?"

"Yeah," he said, smiling at me. It wasn't his usual smile, it was the same one he gave me that afternoon in the car -- the sexy one. He was being very flirtatious today, and I loved it. "Why, what did you think?" he asked, hooking his hands behind my neck. "That I was gonna wear that stupid bag all night? I just didn't want my parents seeing me like this. We're still on the honeymoon stage, babe, I gotta make myself sexy for you." He said all this with a smile, and then bit his lip lightly. I was rock hard in a second.

"You don't need to do shit to be sexy, Danny. You're already the sexiest fucking thing in the world." And with that, I grabbed him by the back of the head and slammed our mouths together, not that he was complaining, since he immediately opened up for me. 

He pulled back soon after, and smiled at me. "Have I ever told you how sexy you look in your uniform?" he asked, stroking my stubble with one hand. "You look very manly."

"And you look like a wet dream in yours," I said before claiming his mouth again.

After kissing for a few seconds, I couldn't help myself any longer, and my hands trailed down his back to his firm round buttocks and I started kneading them in my palms as we kissed, while Danny rubbed his hands across my chest.

"Okay!" Danny said, pulling back from our kiss with a loud pop. "We can't do this here, mister. Someone could see us."

"What do you say we go back to my place then?" I suggested, still grabbing onto his generous ass.

"No," he said firmly, and he must've been the hurt on my face for the quick dismissal, 'cause he soon rectified, "I mean not yet," with a smile. "We said we were coming to this party and we're already here. We should go in."

"Alright," I said with a sigh. "But I'm only doing this 'cause I love you." It wasn't really a sacrifice, I was looking forward to this party, but I just wanted an excuse to tell him that I loved him. It was my hope that if I kept saying it, he'd eventually feel comfortable enough to say it back.

Instead of answering, Danny just smiled and kissed me sweetly on the lips. It was a deep, powerful kiss, but it was brief, and soon he grabbed my hand and after locking the car, we walked hand in hand down the sidewalk towards the house.

*

To say the party was fun would be a huge understatement. It was a blast.

As soon as we entered, we were greeted by an already pretty drunk Mike, who gave us both a bear hug and said he was glad we'd made it. When Mike drank, which wasn't often, he got very affectionate.

"I love you guys so much!" he kept telling me and Danny, and pretty much everyone at the party, really, and he kept introducing us to people as "the two morons who finally got together." It was adorable for a few minutes, but then we managed to get away from his drunken hugs and went to the kitchen to get some drinks.

After both me and Danny got a few drinks, we were warmed up and went into the living room where, furniture pushed aside, people were dancing, and it was so much fun, dancing with Danny, feeling the buzz and not caring anyone would notice the way I looked at him anymore. What was even better was the way he kept grinding on me, pushing his butt into my groin, then turning around and kissing me right there in front of everyone.

Rachel was there too, her long blonde hair pulled back into a ponytail and wearing a short and very tigh nurse costume. She looked very sexy... you know, for a girl.

At the end of the night, every single person at the party must've told us at least once how cute of a couple we were. Everyone except for one person: Steven Price.

He kept looking at us sideways when he thought we couldn't see him, and when Danny left me sitting on one of the couches to get us some new drinks from the kitchen, Steven followed him, and I knew he was up to no good.

*

Danny's Point of View

I went into the kitchen to grab Jake and myself some more drinks, but after deciding I was buzzed enough for the night, I just poured us some coke onto the cups and started heading back into the living room when a guy in a football uniform stood in my way.

"Hey," I said, instinctively thinking it was Jake, but when he didn't respond I forced my bleary eyes too look at him, and I realized he wasn't as tall as my boyfriend, and he was blonde. "Steven!" I said. "Hey, sorry, thought you were Jake." I chuckled to myself. That wasn't really funny, but in my state everything was funny. Apparently Steven didn't feel the same, 'cause he didn't laugh, so I tried to walk past him out of the kitchen, but he stepped into my path, preventing me from escaping, and I turned to see his face -- his red, angry face. "Is everything okay?" I asked.

"How dare you?!" he snarled, startling me.

"What are you talking about?" I had no idea what the hell he was talking about, and the room was starting to spin.

"You know damn well what I'm talking about, you hypocritical piece of shit! How could you do this to me?!"

"Hey! Back the fuck off him!" I heard from behind him, and then Steven was pulled back and pushed out of my way by Jake.

"Don't fucking touch me!" Steven screamed, and the music stopped. The party had suddenly stopped, and everyone was looking at us in silence now, waiting to see what was gonna happen. "You touch me again and I will break your fucking hand!" Steven continued, and when he tried to take a step toward Jake, he stumbled and had to grab onto the wall in order to stay afoot, and I, as everyone else, realized just how drunk he was.

"You motherfucker!" Steven pointed his finger at me once he got his balance back, and Jake stood beside me, an arm possessively and protectively thrown over my shoulder. "How could you leave me for him? You don't even like him, you're just trying to get back at me. I bet you even let him fuck you, just to spite me!" I gasped. I couldn't believe this was happening -- Steven was drunkenly outing himself in front of everyone. "Am I right?" he asked, this time to Jake. "Have you fucked him yet?" I could tell Jake was ready to strike him, but I put an arm around his waist and squeezed him, telling him to stay there. "You fucking slut!" he yelled at me again. "I wooed you for two months, and you never even gave me a blowjob, and now this asshole shows up and you let him fuck you in six days? You whore!"

That was it. I let go of Jake, silently giving him the go, and his fist made contact with my ex's nose half a second later.

"Ow! Motherfucker!!" Cried Steven from the floor, and Mike and Ian hurried to stop Jake from hitting him again, while some other people helped Steven to his feet, and I approached him.

"You can talk about me all you want," I told him quietly, but the room was so silent I'm sure everybody heard me. "But you will not talk about this relationship. What Jake and I do or don't do is none of your fucking business, and yes, you may have 'wooed' me for two months," I made sure to add the air quotes, "but Jake has been doing it for three years, and he has never once pushed me to do anything I don't want to do, which is something I can't say about you. And by the way, you're the one that broke up with me, so you have absolutely no right to be judging me for moving on. Stay the fuck out of our relationship and our lives." Without further due, I grabbed Jake's hand in mine and walked out of the house.

*

Jake and I walked hand in hand silently down the sidewalk. Neither one of us said anything until we were both sitting in the car and the engine started. Then Jake took my hand again and squeezed it.

"Thank you baby," he said, looking down. When he looked up, I saw his eyes brimmed with tears. "Thank you for standing up for our relationship. You have no idea how much that meant to me."

I reached out to him and hugged him tightly, and when he hugged me back and started shaking, I knew he was crying.

I had to do something. I had to comfort him. And that's when I knew. It was time.

"Jake," I said, and pushed him back lightly with my hands on his chest. He still had his arms around my back, and he looked at me with his beautiful bright green eyes. "I love you." His eyes welled up again, and his bottom lip trembled. I raised my right hand to his beautiful face and caressed his cheek. "I love you, Jake Moss. You're the best thing that's ever happened to me."

"Baby..." he whispered, and next thing I knew, I was pushed back into the car door and Jake's tongue was inside my mouth.

It was an intense kiss -- more so than usual. It was sweet and tender, but passionate nonetheless. Like I'd told Rachel, Jake was an amazing kisser. I just wished I'd been the one he'd learned to kiss like that with, but, oh well, he was mine now, and I'd be dammed if I let him go.

"Let's go," I found myself saying before I realized it. "Let's go to your house. Now. I need you, Jake. Right now."

He groaned and bit his lip. "God, baby," he said. "I need you too. So bad. I love you so fucking much." Then, after kissing me for another minute, he put the car into gear and sped out of there.

*

Jake's Point of View

Ten minutes later, Danny and I were naked, rolling on my bed together.

As soon as we got inside my room, he saw the rose petals and candles, and he jumped on top of me, kissing me all over.

"Oh my god, Jake," he said between kisses. "This is so romantic. I love you."

I tried to suppress the tears that sentence brought into my eyes and smiled my most sincere smile to him. "I love you too, baby," I said. "I want to make this special for you. You deserve it."

He grabbed both my hands in his and looked up at me with a shy little smile. "So this is it, then? We're doing it?"

I leaned down and kissed his full lips. "Yeah. We are." I saw then in his eyes the last thing I wanted to see -- hesitation. "Unless you don't want to," I quickly added. "If you're not ready, I'll wait as long as you need."

"No," he said, shaking his head quickly. "I don't need any more time. I want this. I want you -- right here, right now... I'm just a little nervous."

I smiled. "Don't be. Baby, you have nothing to be nervous about. I love you, and I'll take care of you, I promise. I won't hurt you."

"I know," he said, putting his arms around my neck. "I trust you. And I love you too."

After that, clothes flew off, and the next thing I knew, Danny was straddling me and grinding his gorgeous naked ass into my swollen penis while I massaged his ass.

I loved the fact that his butt, his legs, and everything else about him was shaved smooth. That way I could run my hands all over his toned and slightly tanned little body and feel only soft, warm skin.

I, on the other hand, was more on the pale side, and my chest, legs and arms were covered in soft dark hairs, and I'd never really given it much thought, but the way Danny kept rubbing it, sliding his hands all over me, caressing my chest and abs while we kissed, it made it seem like he was really into it, and it made me like it too.

I kept grabbing and kneading the firm globes of his luscious ass, and eventually started sliding one spit soaked finger up and down the crack of his ass, causing him to moan lustfully.

"Do you have lube?" Danny asked all of a sudden. "I want you. Now."

"Yeah," I nodded frantically, trying to catch my breath. In case I hadn't said so, Danny was a fantastic kisser. The way he sucked my tongue into his mouth made me think of something else I could be putting in there. "But that'll come later. First I have to get you ready."

He looked confused for a second, but in a flash I had him lying on his stomach on the bed, and after retrieving the lube from the nightstand, I settled myself behind his butt.

"Wha --?" he started to ask, but it turned into a moan when I parted his cheeks with both hands and dove in face first.

I had dreamed of doing this for the past three years, but no fantasy I could have ever conjured could possibly compare to having Danny and his beautiful body laid bare in front of me, completely at my disposal. To have him naked, moaning and writhing under my tongue's ministrations on his beautifully smooth pink hole was a dream come true.

"Oh... god... Jake," Danny moaned, burying his face in my pillow and fisting the sheets. "I never... imagined... uhhh... oh god!... so good..."

I continued licking the beautiful rosebud that is Danny's sphincter, alternating between broad sweeps of my tongue from his perineum to the base of his spine and pursing my tongue and pushing it into his slowly widening hole.

As Danny relaxed and enjoyed the feeling of getting rimmed for the first time, his hole opened up enough to let the tip of my tongue inside, and I removed my right hand from parting his ass to open the bottle of lube.

Once I had my index finger nice and slick, I removed my face from the place that had officially become my favorite place on earth, and I started sliding the lubed finger up and down his cleft, massaging and caressing the little wrinkles around his hole, and closing in on the center. After a few seconds, I put my finger on the target and slowly pushed in, and it was surprisingly easy. Either I was doing a good job relaxing him, or Danny had done this before.
