 I had been managing to make my way for a while now in a large city. I had Rob to help me along and I had other friends like Dare and Jack as well. But as they say, things get old and you move on. Rob and I split and Dare relocated. Simply put, Jack just got too possessive and he was getting older, so my interest waned. So I was on my own and looking around. 

I began to cast about looking for other options. I spent my fair share of time walking in and out of the local ABS and other cruisy places looking for an option. Then I got a call. An old friend of Rob's called and said he had heard I was single. I gave him the story and he asked me to drop by and see him one Saturday morning. So I did. It was about ten in the morning and I rang Chuck's doorbell. Chuck is a musclular man in his mid-forties with a youthful face and a cock that would make your mouth water for it. 

I had never been with Chuck but I knew him and knew his habits from the kid he was fucking when I was with Rob. The four of us would hang out occasionally. We never fooled around but Chuck often made his intentions and desires known outside of Rob's presence. So I thought, what the hell. 

Chuck answered the door in his robe. He welcomed me in and asked if I wanted a drink. I asked for a cooler and he went to the kitchen and got one. We sat on the couch and talked awhile. I told him my story about Rob and he told me about the kid he had been living with. He found the kid one morning getting his ass pounded by the yardboy. So Chuck kicked him out. We soon learned that the other had been without the benefit of real sex in a while and that we were both about to explode. 

I knew what Chuck wanted and I was curious. So I thought it couldn't hurt anything. I moved closer to Chuck and stuck my hand inside his partially opened robe and found his half-hard cock. I smiled and reached up to open-mouth kiss Chuck on the lips. His tongue found mine and we kissed for a short minute. His cock was growing hard and large in my hand and I didn't want to waste the morning. Soon I was on my knees looking up into Chuck's eyes. 

Chuck smiled and I stared intently at his massive, thick cock hanging partially limp in front of my eyes. I reached up and licked the underside of his cock head with my tongue. It sprang to attention. I swirled my tongue around the head and slowly engulfed the first four inches of Chuck's cock into my wet mouth. Soon Chuck was hard as a rock and I was alternately deep throating him and drawing off to lick the underside of his cock. Chuck closed his eyes as I slowly licked, slurped and sucked on his beautiful thick cock. 

He moaned and groaned and spoke gently as I continued to wet his cock with my spit and suck his balls, one by one, into my mouth. I love giving head and it is apparent to any partner. After some time, Chuck led me to his bedroom. He psuhed me onto the bed and found a place between my legs. He began to suck my cock and and rim my ass. I could only whimper and moan as this experienced older man found all of the right places with his trained mouth and tongue. 

After a little while, Chuck made his way upward and began to hold and kiss me. We wriggled and writhed together, our legs intertwining together as our cocks rubbed one another. After a little cuddling, I made my way back to his cock. My mouth worshipped it. I slowly nibbled my way from his balls to his head. I then buried it inside my throat. I slowly picked up my pace and was trying my best to force a gag as I deepthroated Chuck's cock, it stretching my mouth and lips wide. 

We ended up in a 69 position so that I could suck and Chuck could wet my hole and play with it a little. After loosing my up, I moved on top of Chuck with his wet, slick cock head hovering underneath my asshole. I slowly lowered myself onto his cock. He slowly entered me and we began a stride. I rode Chuck's cock for a half hour. He then edged me off and got between my legs with my legs wrapped around Chuck's waist. He plunged in and out of me while I bucked. 

After a few minutes, I felt Chuck's cock tense and he shot his load. He grew weak and fell upon me moaning and smiling. I knew I had found my new sugar daddy.