 I groaned as I walked into my American History classroom. This wasn't the normal groan I gave every day I walked into American History class my senior year in High School, oh no, this was a much more scornful groan. Why? Because unlike every other day I wasn't walking into my classroom during school, instead after school was out, and everyone was going home. I had to make up a test that I missed a week back during an absence of mine.

If there was one thing I hated in school that year it was my American History teachers tests, they were nearly impossible. But if there was one thing I liked in American History, it was Mr. Stanley, my American History teacher. At 28, and as a marine who served in the gulf war, Mr. Stanley was young (probably even younger looking then he was) and had a nice lean muscular body.

Now I don't consider myself gay by any means, but this guy was one hot stud, and as my teacher, and a marine, he was a big dirty fantasy for me. That still didn't help me feel any better about taking one of his damn tests, especially after school.

"Good afternoon Josh." He said in his professional voice. Another turn on about Mr. Stanley for me was that he always dressed in a full dress shirt, tie, suit coat, and suit pants. I wasn't so pleasant with my reply.

"Yeah hi." I grumbled. I was the only one in the room to take the test, I walked up to his desk where he handed the test and the answer sheet. I took a seat in the first row and got to work. Well, for about 2 minutes before I realized as I skipped almost every question, that I didn't know any of them!

My grades were good all except for in American History, and this would only drag it further in the hole. I needed a good grade on this test, but their was just no chance in hell I could get it. I answered the few questions that I could, scribbled in some guesses, and with a total test taking time of 10 minutes I was done with what I could and got up and went to his desk.

Mr. Stanley was correcting papers, as I stepped up in front of his desk he didn't look up. "Do you have a question Josh?" He asked.

"No... I don't have a clue about this test Mr. Stanley, I'm done!" I replied disgusted.

"Done?!" He looked up shocked! "Well, that can't be good Josh." He replied

"Man Mr. Stanley is their something I can do for some points on this test!" I pleaded, knowing I was grasping at something that wasn't there. Mr. Stanley never gave extra credit.

"What do you mean Josh?! Extra Credit!?" He asked, as if what I had proposed was utterly ridiculous.

"Mr. Stanley, anything! I'll wash your car! I'll cut your grass for the rest of my life!" I begged.

"Anything Josh?" He probed.

"Anything!" I replied hastily.

He got up, and walked over to the door turning the lock, I hardly noticed any significance to it as he continued speaking. "All right Josh. Back in Desert Storm, when a guy needed something, they gave their ass up for it in return."

I was caught of guard by his sudden less professional attitude, and also at his statement. I wasn't quite sure I understood what he meant. "Excuse me Mr. Stanley? I'm not sure I underst-" I started

"You want me to help you out on this test Josh, then you help me out on something I've needed for a while now. That is, unless you want the grade you've earned on this test." He smugly replied.

Was I understanding my young hot bodied former U. S soldier of an American History teacher? Did he want to fuck me for an A on my test? If so, does he think it's actually some sort of punishment for me? It didn't take me long to decide, but I didn't make myself look to anxious.

"Okay Mr. Stanley, I'll do anything!" I replied after all these thoughts processed in my head.

"Then get under my desk!" He commanded! I liked hearing him command me like that. I crawled under his desk as he walked back from the door that he'd just locked, the only door into the room. He got into his seat with me on my hands and knees underneath the desk. My face was practically in his crotch and my breath became faster as I sweat in anticipation. Mr. Stanley reached to the zipper of his dress pants and unzipped them. He then reached into his open fly, and seconds later pulled out his semi hard cock.

I had a decent but not perfect view of his manhood from the limited light under the desk, he wasn't even completely hard yet and I could tell he was hung! I gulped nervously. I'd never sucked a mans penis before. But hey, I've had mine sucked by a woman before and I know what I like. I hoped it was what Mr. Stanley liked.

"What are you waiting for Josh! Suck my dick, and That's an Order!" He demanded, his words only excited me, and I dived in opening my mouth and blindly moving in on it. It slapped off my cheek first and I backed off a bit to try again this time the head of his quickly stiffening cock bounced on my lips before I got it into my mouth.

I heard him moan as I closed my lips around it. I hadn't gotten much of it into my mouth but it was the best I could do on my first time. I grabbed a hold of his shaft and began slowly masturbating him as I bobbed my head up and down on my teachers hot moist cock. He was getting harder and larger by the second as I continued mouth fucking this Desert Storm Veteran. I got a few more moans out of him as I sucked him off.

"Oooooo yes Josh, that's how you earn an A." He muttered between long moans. I continued bobbing my head up and down on my teachers penis, and as I began going faster and faster Mr. Stanley began moving his hips up and down in his chair forcing his cock towards the back of my throat and then back out again.

As I fought from gagging and continued jacking off his rock hard member he became more and more intense in his hip bucking until I was getting a full fledged mouth fucking from under my teachers desk and he was panting heavily and muttering "Oh Fuck Yeah!" Over and over. I picked up the pace as I became totally focused on jamming my hot young teachers cock down my throat. I didn't even notice the aching pain of my erection stuck in my pants.

"Oh fuck your gonna make me cum you little bitch!" He proclaimed. As I felt his muscles tighten in my grip around his cock I braced myself for a huge shot of cum, but at the last moment Mr. Stanley pulled out, his huge shlong making a popping sound as it pulled out from my lips.

"Get out here you bitch! If you want an A your gonna get that sweet little ass fucked!" he demanded. I was totally horny by now I didn't care what he would do to me. I crawled out from under his desk and stood up, wiping spit from my chin. Mr. Stanley stood up, and took of his suit coat, tossing it to the floor. He then undid his dress shirt buttons, and let it drop to the floor. For the first time I got a look at his marine trained upper body. His chest was hairless, he had rock hard pecks, a very well defined six pack, and his arm muscles were huge for his average sized frame.

Then he unbuttoned his pants, and let them drop to the floor, standing only in his boxers, with his cock hanging out of the open slit in the front. He pulled them off and stepped out of them. I was totally awe stricken. He had a small patch of reddish brown hair (The color of his military style shaved head) that lead from his six packed belly button region down to the thatch of it that covered the base of his cock. His prick itself was startling. I don't have much to compare it with but it was much larger then my 6 inches. I looked minuscule to his monster. I'd say his was a huge 8 and a half inches no exaggerations, and very thick. I felt a slight bit of fear when I thought of that monster going up my virgin asshole.

He then turned to his desk drawer, giving me a view of his hairless ass, that was so tight and muscular I wanted to get on my hands and knees and rub it down while I licked around it. He opened and shut the drawer, and turned back to me, he had a bottle of lube.

"We'll Josh, get out of those clothes!" He ordered. I snapped out of my trance at his tight military body, and realized it was my turn. I was very embarrassed to have to take off my clothes after that, but nothing was gonna stop me from being fucked by that stud. I pulled off my T-shirt. I'm average weight and height, but I'm really boyish looking for my age of 18. I had no chest hair to speak of, and very little under arm and no facial hair. I was fit, but not very muscular like he was. Next I undid my jeans and let them, and my boxers drop to the floor at the same time, I was going as fast as I could I was so excited. My penis was already rock hard and ready to go but paled in comparison to his. I also had very little pubic hair. He eyed me up and I think I saw a smile form on his face.

"Lean over the desk." He ordered. I did so, and spread my legs as far as I could. Mr. Stanley came behind me and I heard him ponder, "Hmmm, this is going to be a tight fit."

I heard him open the bottle and squeeze some out, then I felt his hands feeling my ass, he spread the cheeks with one hand, and began whipping it all over my asshole with the other. I jumped as he slipped a finger in my virgin butt hole to lube the inside as well. Then he was lubing up his fuck pole. I waited half scared and half excited as hell. His hands again parted my cheeks, and I felt the head of purple monster touch my puckered and lubed hole.

He had no remorse shoving it in. As easy as it went in with all the lube, it still hurt like hell to have something shoved up my ass for the first time, especially something as mammoth as my History teachers ram rod! He slowly inched up as far as he could as I winced in pain, and then he pulled almost all the way back out, before thrusting it in again.

I moaned in mixture of pain and pleasure, as he pulled out and thrust back in again. He began going faster and groaned. "Fuck you've got a real fucking tight ass Josh!"

With that he began slamming me as hard as he could. The sound of his huge balls slapping off my ass as he pumped in and out was so loud I was surprised no one outside who might be left in the halls could hear. As he continued to ram me without mercy the pleasure began over taking the pain as I realized I was being ass fucked by my hot stud of a history teacher. I began to moan and buck my hips in unison with his intense ass ride!

As Mr. Stanley tightly gripped my hips the pace got to a blinding speed for a few minutes, and then died down, both of us dripping with sweat. Mr. Stanley kept a hold of my waist and stepped back bring me, still skewered by his huge member, down with him as he sat in his chair.

"Ride me little bitch! Ride my cock for that A!" He demanded. I was so turned on I just grunted in reply and bounced up and down on his engorged prick. My hairless ass slapped off his lap and his balls as he sat in his chair and I rode his cock like a wild bull.

"How's that you Marine fucking stud!" I moaned through clenched teeth as I gave him a ride bouncing violently up and down. The hair at the base of his cock brushed against my ass as I took his full 8 and a half meat all the way up my anal hole. He gripped my waist again and began lifting me up and down on his cock with his huge arm strength, even faster and harder then I could bounce.

"Oh shit I'm gonna cum in your ass bitch!!!" as he slammed me one more time and then let me drop down onto his cock, completely burying it. This took me over the edge and my balls tighten. Without even touching my dick I blew my jizz up and all over Mr. Stanley desk, just as stream after stream of cum from his intense orgasm blasted up into my asshole.

When the orgasms subsided, I collapsed down onto my teachers hot sticky prick, and he reached around onto the desk and with a red pen, wrote a big A over my test paper.