 I realized in college that I was that I was gay, submissive, and that I worshipped my roommate Wally's amazing dick.

My relationship with Wally grew over the course of our college career. I would rush home after class to meet him, trying to get home quick enough to change into lingerie, especially a French maid outfit he was particularly fond of, and meet him at the door, drink in one hand and leash in the other. He'd take both and sip his scotch as he led me back to the bedroom by the lead.

By now, he was beginning to really embrace his role as my dominant. Not only was he using my mouth and ass for his pleasure anytime he felt like it, he was verbally and physically abusing me, adding to both of our sexual satisfaction. He'd often slap me across the face with his big, meaty dick before he'd allow me the pleasure of having it in my mouth, all the while taunting me by calling me a sissy and a cocksucker. Sometimes before fucking my ass, he'd use a heavy leather belt on me, raising nasty welts on my tender backside. I was beginning to like the feeling of pain preceding the feeling of pleasure. And pleasure I had every time his amazing dick was in any of my holes.

Our sexual relationship took an even more remarkable turn one day when I heard the sound of laughing and several peoples' footsteps mounting the stairs to our apartment. I was standing behind the door wearing a blond wig, make-up, a see-through pale-blue negligee with matching panties and thigh-high stockings. That day I had rhinestone studded collar attached to my leash and was already leaking pre-cum in anticipation of Wally's arrival. As I heard the footsteps I thought about running and hiding, but I realized that Wally would know I was standing here and that if he was bringing people over it was because he wanted them to see me. As I heard the steps get even closer I got even harder, completely excited about what might be happening.

When Wally walked in, he was accompanied by a tall, handsome, middle-aged African-American man who I was shocked to recognize as one of the professors on our campus. Behind them was a small, meek-looking Southeast Asian girl who I had seen around and thought was a freshman.

"Sissy," Wally began as he took my leash in hand, "you know Professor Jones, I think. The professor and I got to talking the other day and realized that we had some unexpected things in common. This is his new slave, and I convinced him that you might be able to teach her a thing or two about her proper role. If you do a good job, the professor is going to give me some much needed extra credit, so, if you know what's good for you, I advise you to do a very good job." As he said this, he yanked on my leash pulling me down to my knees. I looked in his eyes briefly and then moved, on my hands and knees, towards Professor Jones. He was wearing a nice pair of wool pants, and they felt a little scratchy under my hands as I reached up to caress the large bulge that was beginning to form as his dick hardened. Good god, it was almost as big as Wally's. I unconsciously began to lick my lips in anticipation.

"You're right, Wally," I heard Jones say. "She really is a slut." He pulled away from me, however, before I could even start to free his dick and get it where I wanted, between my lips. "You can have this later, sissy. Your boy and I are going to go out and have a few drinks while we watch the game. We'll be back in a few hours. In the meantime, you need to train this one." He gestured towards his female companion, who was standing shyly, eyes towards the ground. "She's eager, but she has no idea what she's doing. Something tells me you do, cocksucker," he finished, patting my cheek lightly with his large hand before turning to leave. I looked over at Wally, who winked at me before dropping my leash and turning to follow the professor out the door.

After they left, I turned to look at the girl standing next to me. She had lost a bit of her shyness and was staring at me wide-eyed. She was short and flat-chested with small features. She wasn't conventionally beautiful, but even under these circumstances, I could see that there was some kind of spark that made her very attractive. I don't know, maybe it was just the flash of recognition as one submissive meets another.

I didn't know what to say, so thankfully she broke the silence. "The professor said you would know what to do with these," she said as she handed me her backpack. I opened it to find a selection of trashy lingerie and some positively lurid sex toys. "I'm Liu, by the way."

****************

Not long after Wally and the professor left, I bathed my new friend eating her out after carefully shaving her pussy and ass. She tasted like honey, and it made me excited to get my face slick with her juices. Her body was lithe and boyish, and now that she was hairless she looked much younger than her 18 or 19 years.

Once she was clean and relaxed, I suggested that one of the professor's toys might help her get ready for the evening's activities. She agreed, and I carefully inserted a well-lubed plug into her small, delicate asshole. "Oooh," she said, "I can't believe how lucky I am to have a slut like you teach me the ropes." She wiggled her ass a bit as she said this, enjoying the full feeling the plug was giving her.

"It's all in how much you enjoy the pleasure you give to others," I replied, sounding a bit like a professor myself, teaching submission 101. "For me, the whole world disappears when I see Wally's cock. It's like a transcendent experience. I'm totally in the moment and nothing else matters except getting it in my mouth or my ass and milking it dry."

"That's exactly what I want," she said, turning around and kissing me on the lips. For the first time in my life I felt like a girl, as if I was giving a lesbian kiss. She must have felt it, too. "It's like we're sisters," she said in between kisses.

"Mmmm, that's right, we're going to dress up like sisters and let our men have their way with us," I told her. I broke the kiss and looked in her bag again, examining the lingerie. The professor was two steps ahead of me: each article of lingerie came in a pair, one in my size and one in hers. After much deliberation, Liu and I selected white bustiers with garters that attached to fishnet stockings. Our look was finished off with matching crotchless panties. I exchanged my blond wig for a black one, and we surveyed ourselves in the mirror. "Not bad," I said, "but there's one thing missing."

I went to a drawer and retrieved two thick leather collars and attached both of us to leashes. "Perfect," I told her.

****************

When Wally and the professor returned, they found us kneeling with our hands clasped behind our backs, facing one another on the floor. I had taken two sets of nipple clamps, attaching one end of each to each of my nipples and the other end to hers. To finish our preparation, I had pinched myself at the base of my balls with a clothespin. Another was attached to her clit. We had been in this position for about half and hour, and I was so excited I was dripping pre-cum like a leaky faucet. Liu was no better: her juices were running down her legs.

"Wally," I heard the professor say without looking up, "you've just earned yourself an A." They closed the distance separating us from them, and Wally said, "bend over." Liu and I quickly brought our foreheads to the ground and almost immediately I felt a stinging slap on my ass. I could hear a similar blow land on Liu and felt her shudder from its impact through the chains connecting our nipples.

"You two have done such a great job" ... SMACK ... "you deserve a reward" ... SMACK. "Make yourselves cum," the professor commanded. Liu and I took off our clothespins and went to it. It didn't take us long: my hand was flying over my dick, and Liu was furiously frigging herself. All the while, Wally and the professor landed blow after blow on our backsides. Liu and I came almost simultaneously, and, just as we reached the height of our orgasms, our nipple clamps were ripped away by our tormenters. The pain was intense, almost overwhelming my pleasure but not quite. Through my haze, I could hear Liu crying softly in her own private combination of heaven and hell.

"Good girls," Wally said after a minute or two. "Time to show the professor how grateful you are for your reward."

Liu and I scrambled over Professor Jones, quickly and expertly stripping him. Behind us Wally also doffed his clothes. The professor's dick was beautiful: shorter than Wally's but thick. As we had planned earlier, I immediately engulfed the professor's prick in my talented mouth, in no time deep throating its whole length. Liu moved behind her master, putting her small face between his firm cheeks and worming her tongue up into his asshole. "Uh," he grunted, "this is even better than I expected ..."

He let us continue for a few minutes, yanking on our leashes occasionally to keep us interested. Finally, he hissed, "69."

Following his command like the good sluts we were, I laid on my back, and Liu climbed on top of me. No sooner was my tongue flicking over her clit and my dick in her mouth than I felt my ass invaded by the professor, who must have been lubing himself quickly while she and I got into position. Wally's dick was soon in Liu's pussy, and I was furiously licking both her pussy and my man's dick and balls as he slid in and out of her. I could barely breathe and had trouble focusing on all of the amazing sensations rushing over my body.

Professor Jones the first to go and the feeling of his cum flooding my ass caused to shoot my own load of cum into Liu's mouth. Her orgasm wasn't very far behind my own, and, as she began to scream with pleasure, Wally pulled out and shot messily all over my face and her cunt. I dove in, cleaning her out and prolonging her already wracking orgasm. As I finished, she weakly turned herself around and kissed me passionately with lips covered in my own cum.

It took us awhile to regain our bearings, and, when we did, Liu and the professor retired to our bathroom to clean themselves up. Wally dressed, and I just sat there, basking in the afterglow.

I must have dozed off for a moment, because the next thing I knew our guests were on their way out the door. "A plus, my boy," Jones said to Wally as he left, Liu following meekly behind. 

After he was gone, I turned to Wally and asked, "Do you even have him for a class?"

"Nope," he said as he grasped my leash and led me towards the bedroom for another round of fun.