 Joey couldn't wait to close up. He called his girlfriend when no one visited the store for the last fifteen minutes. He assured her that he would make it to her apartment in time for some special moments together. As soon as he hung up, Joey stood still and waited at the front counter. The store remained empty. Everything had grown silent. The hectic work hours in Yorba Linda had passed. The diverse apparel for both males and females stayed perfectly still on the racks and shelves. The twenty-one-year-old employee checked the time on his smartphone. Only ten minutes remained until the work hour would officially end.

He looked out the windows at the front of the store to see several inhabitants exiting the parking lot in their cars, ready to end the Friday on a positive note. The sky grew darker and the street lights grew brighter. The slow progression of each action didn't bother Joey at all. He had been used to being the only one at the local clothing store until the very end of the day. Now, he could only wait. He only had his girlfriend in his thoughts. With a gorgeous woman like her, Joey wouldn't dare to do anything else other than to pay her a visit and spend the rest of the evening together. Just two ordinary citizens joining each other after a hard day's work.

Joey started to check the weather on his smartphone, but the sound of the front door opening made him put away his smartphone and treat his next customer with respect. He brushed away a few strands of his blond hair from his face and received a good look at the man who walked in the store. The customer looked to be at least twenty years older than him. He wore a black business suit with a blue shirt beneath his coat. His face showed no sign of facial hair anywhere, and his tall stature made him look like he belonged in a typical romance novel.

Joey cleared his throat. "Welcome. How can I help you?"

The customer gave him a little smile and spoke with a smooth baritone voice. "I'm looking for something that'll be perfect for my wife."

"Are you looking for a specific dress?"

"It just has to look good on her."

Joey nodded. "I'll show you where to find some."

He led the customer to the section in the store where the more luxurious dresses had been put on display on mannequins. He waited while the customer examined the various black-colored dresses that had been hung on a garment rack.

Joey could tell that the man belonged to a wealthy foundation. His refined demeanor and overall charisma seemed like something that people would normally find in the more affluent neighborhoods of Yorba Linda. Joey started to wonder where this man currently resided in this city, or anywhere in the north side of Orange County for that matter.

The customer rubbed his chin. "If only my wife were here. I'd have to see if any one of these would fit her just fine."

Joey replied, "I'm assuming that this is going to be a gift."

The customer looked at him with eyes suitable for a more magnetic draw. "You're correct. She's the kind of woman who deserves something like this."

"I understand."

The customer kept his eyes on the young employee. Joey thought nothing of it at first. But as soon as the customer eyed him from top to bottom, it felt correct to be just a little suspicious.

"Is there something wrong, sir?"

The customer asked, "What's your name?"

"My name's Joey."

"I'm Roland. It's nice to meet you."

Joey decided to follow along in what sounded like a casual conversation. "So have you been living in Yorba Linda for quite some time?"

Roland gave a slight nod. "I have for the past decade or so."

"That's good."

Roland still kept his eyes on the blond-haired man. "How about you?"

"Oh, I live in an apartment several blocks from here. It's small, but it's comfortable."

Roland finally looked away and spotted something on the shelves near the garment rack. He chose a piece of clothing that had been folded neatly on a pile. He unfolded it, and it revealed to be a sleeveless black turtleneck top.

"I didn't think I'd come here to buy another one, but I'm sure it's not illegal to change one's mind."

Joey chuckled. "No, it certainly wouldn't."

"She never wore something like this, but I don't think it would hurt for her to try something different."

Joey didn't say anything else. He watched as Roland took a sniff of the turtleneck top.

"It smells just fine."

Joey was about to say something, but stopped when Roland trapped him in the same assessment as before. The customer gazed at something underneath Joey's head.

Joey asked, "Is there a problem?"

"Oh, there's no problem. None whatsoever."

"I'm asking you because I'm feeling a little uncomfortable when you're staring at me like that."

"I don't mean to frighten you. It's just that you look almost exactly like my wife."

"What is that supposed to mean?"

"Both of you share the same height, the same slim form...and the same blue eyes. The only difference is your blond hair is short, while my wife's is long."

Joey tried to smile, but failed. "I'm not sure if I should feel flattered or offended."

Roland kept calm. "I do apologize if I'm giving you the wrong impression. I'm not saying that you look like a woman, but I can't help but notice the similarities."

He rose up the black turtleneck top in front of Joey. "As a matter of fact, if you wore this right now, I'd almost mistake you for someone else."

Joey chuckled nervously. "Really?"

With the sole exception of being a few inches shorter than Roland, Joey couldn't comprehend the resemblance between him and a woman that he knew nothing about. He was certainly short and slender, but not enough for him to share more feminine features.

"I wouldn't say that I'm the girly type."

Roland replied, "You don't have to be."

His smile didn't look innocuous any longer. "Let me see you put this on."

That caught Joey by surprise. "Are you being serious right now?"

"I'd like to make sure that this will fit my wife."

"The least you could have done was check her measurements yourself."

Roland seemed to have ignored Joey's remark. "Just put this on. I have a good imagination. I'll pretend that you're my wife when you're wearing it."

Joey shook his head. "I don't think I should do this."

Roland's light chuckle sounded a little more devious than it should have been. "You're not the type of person that would want to disappoint their customers. Wouldn't giving them the best experience the right thing to do?"

Joey would have argued against it, but he couldn't deny the simple rule. Sighing, he took the sleeveless turtleneck top and looked around to see if he could spot a window. Luckily, the pedestrians from outside would never notice him wearing something that belonged to the opposite sex, seeing as how the garment racks hid him from view. The young man took off his black t-shirt and slowly slid inside the turtleneck top. He adjusted the bottom and made sure he didn't stretch it too long. The turtleneck top felt a little tight, especially around the neck. But overall, it fit him quite well. He could feel the thick fabric clinging to his skin, resulting in a few ticklish spots on the top half of his body.

Joey wanted to get this over with. He showed the demonstration to Roland, whose enigmatic little smile didn't comfort the employee at all.

"So, Roland, uh...what do you think?"

The customer rubbed his chin. "It's easy to imagine you as the woman I love."

"Is it easy for you to imagine that I had big breasts just like her?"

Roland laughed. "I guess my mind does have a few limits."

"So would your wife like this turtleneck top?"

"Turn around, but do it very slowly."

Joey obeyed by turning around at a slow speed before completing his 360-degree turn. The experience felt so awkward. He had never worn clothes specifically tailored for females. And now, he had to do it for the first time. And in front of another man, which made matters even worse.

"So would she like it?"

Roland's voice grew hoarse. "Oh, yes. She would look so good in it."

Joey looked down to see if the article of clothing really did fit him. "Let me ask. Does this look good on me?"

Roland spotted a rectangle-shaped mirror leaning against the wall. "See for yourself."

Joey walked up to the mirror to see that Roland may have made a good point. The sleeveless turtleneck top did fit him, even without the big breasts. The black-colored top blended well with his bright skin and short blond hair. For a moment, he felt appreciative of his own slim physique, something that made it possible for him to wear the top in the first place.

He couldn't help but laugh. "Just give me a wig and my girlfriend will mistake me for a woman. You're right. It really DOES look good on me. It's too bad that I won't wear it again, though."

Joey was so amused by his appearance that he didn't realize that Roland stood right behind him. It took him a few seconds before he noticed a clearly spellbound stare in the older man's eyes.

Joey stopped talking and stood frozen. He didn't know what to do at this point. He couldn't concentrate clearly when Roland's eyes almost terrified him.

The customer slowly grabbed hold of Joey's bare arms. He slid his fingers across such smooth skin. The warm touch made Joey shiver. He held his breath when Roland reached up and touched his shoulders with his mischievous fingers.

With the magnetic pull from his eyes, Roland's low whisper revealed his current condition.

"You look so wonderful tonight."

Joey couldn't say anything. He gazed at the mirror to see Roland leaning down kissing his shoulder. The first peck on the skin was warm and moist. Joey couldn't stop trembling. He couldn't believe that this began to happen in the store.

Roland continued to kiss Joey's shoulder with gracefulness of the most sensuous kind. He whispered in Joey's ear. "You have no idea how much I want you so badly. Sweetheart, you're the best."

Joey closed his eyes. He could feel Roland's arms wrapping around him from behind. Roland kept a firm grip on Joey's chest, all the while never stopping his instigation on the young man's skin.

Joey could just imagine Roland's wife being taken by her husband's embrace. With the turtleneck top acting as her clear signal, this would have been the start of something sensual in the master bedroom. Joey could just see the woman being kissed on the shoulder, just like how Roland kept doing. For a moment, the young man's imagination reached an unproven boundary when he saw himself as the one with Roland in the bedroom. The kisses on the shoulder would have been genuine, and the attachment between the two would have lasted for as long as they wanted.

But then, Joey opened his eyes again. His brief fantasy came to a halt once he spotted the customer licking his right shoulder with just the tip of his tongue. Joey pushed Roland away and made him stop the embrace.

"Stop it right there! This isn't right! You should be flirting with your wife, not me!"

Roland remained composed despite everything that transpired a few seconds ago. He slid his fingers across his black hair and sighed.

"I do apologize. I guess I went too far there."

Joey made sure he was far enough away from Roland. "No shit. It's like you tried to fuck me. Maybe it's best that you stop pretending that I'm your wife."

Roland nodded. "Yes, how stupid of me. I'm sorry for acting this way. But I will say that my wife is going to love what you are wearing. You can take it off now."

"Good."

Joey immediately took off the sleeveless turtleneck top and handed it back to the customer. Once he put his own black t-shirt back on, he proclaimed, "I think that's enough for today."

Roland raised a finger. "I'm not finished yet. I need to buy something else. Like I said, I'm buying both a shirt and a dress."

"Maybe you should buy the dress next time. This store closes in five minutes."

"I understand, but I won't take too long. I already have my eye on a few black dresses on the rack that I'd like for you to try on."

Joey took a few steps back. "No can do, Roland. I'm not trying them on. I'm closing up right now."

Roland narrowed his eyes. "Trust me, Joey. This won't take long."

"I shouldn't be doing this."

Roland ignored the negative reaction as he chose a black dress from the garment rack. "This will do just fine."

The black dress included a high neckline and a skirt that ended right at the knees. Its lack of sleeves reminded Joey of the turtleneck top, both in terms of appearance and potential override of Roland's state of mind.

"I'll take it to the front desk so you can pay for upfront."

Roland shook his head. "Please put it on. I need to make sure that my wife will fit in it."

Joey began to grow aggravated. He blurted, "Check the tags. If it's the same size as the turtleneck, then it's the same."

"Put it on. I can assure you that I'll stay away."

Joey tightened his fists, but he didn't do anything with them. He grabbed the black dress from Roland's hands and made sure that no one at the front had entered the store. He took off his black t-shirt before taking off his black pants and boxer shorts.

"I can't believe I'm doing this."

The black dress felt just right on his body. The skirt and the sleeveless feature didn't bother him at all, but displaying it in front of a complete stranger made the situation more uncomfortable. He feared a repeat of Roland's actions if he wasn't too careful of his own physical security.

He stood in front of Roland and asked, "Well, do you think your wife fits in it?"

Roland smiled as he stepped closer. "Give me a minute before I pretend that you're the right person."

Joey raised his hand at Roland. "Just tell me if you want to buy it."

That didn't stop the customer from grabbing him by the shoulders. "Stand still."

Joey tried to push him away. "I already don't like where this is going!"

Roland was too strong to even make another move. He growled at Joey and said, "I'll gladly pay for it if you stop struggling and let me use my imagination."

Joey held his breath. "Just take a few minutes, okay?"

Roland became silent as he eyed him from top to bottom yet again. Joey didn't know what else to do. He couldn't wait to leave the store and pay his girlfriend a visit. He feared for his safety. Roland seemed like a strange person that shouldn't have set foot in this store. Joey hoped he would never see him again once he completed the transaction.

Roland's long sigh made Joey even more alarmed than ever.

"So, uh...is it enough for you to make the purchase?"

Roland's smile still didn't even his face. He pulled Joey closer to him and gave him a hug. Joey didn't know whether to hug back or just stand still. With hesitation, he placed his hands on Roland's backside.

"So, does that mean you like it?"

Roland whispered, "Yes, sweetheart. I like it a whole lot."

Joey almost gasped. Roland's husky voice only meant one thing. The blond man would have tried to escape from Roland's embrace, but the customer already demonstrated his firm grip. Joey wouldn't have enough strength to withstand someone else's vivid imagination.

"Uh, Roland...I think it's time you leave."

The older man chuckled and whispered in Joey's ear, "I'm just getting started."

The kiss on the neck should have caught Joey by surprise, but seeing as how Roland couldn't be quite unpredictable in the employee's perspective, it only made him shiver. Joey had to contain himself when the lips that touched his neck proved to be moist and intense.

He tried to say, "I don't think...I don't think I should do this."

Roland didn't stop. "Be the woman that I always know and love. There's no stopping it."

He pushed Joey down to his knees. "Let me show you what I'm made of."

Joey tried to look away, but the corner of his eye kept him from ignoring the view. Roland unzipped his pants and showed off his hidden talent, which had already grown erect by the time it had revealed itself from his hiding spot.

Joey looked up to see Roland smiling at him. The customer whispered, "Go ahead, sweetheart. You know you want it real bad."

Joey took deeper breaths. The tip of the cock was just a few inches away from his face. "Uh, Roland, I think I should-"

He couldn't even finish his sentence. Roland grabbed him by the neck and pushed him closer to his cock. Joey's eyes widened. The cock had reached the inside of his mouth in just a split second. He could feel the extension filling his entire oral cavity. Roland began to push his dick deep inside the mouth. Joey had to grab hold of the older man's thighs to keep a good balance. He tried to say something, but the dick inside his mouth made it impossible for him to say a few words in a clear manner. His words were muffled by the deep impact.

Roland didn't stop pushing both his cock and Joey's mouth closer together. "Oh, that's right. I remember the good times we had. It's always good to go back and relive it. Suck it, sweetheart. Suck it real good."

Joey could feel the tip of the cock reaching down his throat, almost choking him from sheer force and speed of the collision. He pounded his fist against Roland's thigh, but that didn't put everything to a halt. Roland gained a smooth acceleration, which made Joey refuse his submissive status even more. He even tried to pry Roland's hands off of his own head, but his little objective failed.

"That's right, sweetheart. Take my dick like a little bitch."

Roland's tempo reached its quickest stance. Joey could do nothing but receive the sole projectile in such a fast rhythm. The constant strike against his throat grew a little more unbearable than before. Joey had to breathe through his nostrils to keep from fainting. He did wish he was unconscious when this happened, however. That way, he didn't have to endure such an arduous affair with another man.

He closed his eyes. This had become the first time he had ever participated in filthy antics with another man. What made it worse was that he performed this unusual act in a black dress. This had become so unexpected that he wished he could erase this from his memory. He wished he had left the store and made it to his girlfriend's apartment. Seeing the young woman again would have made the night so much better. Instead, he had to keep his memory intact when he had nothing but a cock deep in his mouth and a man who lost control of his imagination.

All he could do now was linger on his knees until Roland stopped thrusting his cock inside the blond man's mouth. It didn't take long for him to finally pull out of Joey's mouth for good. Joey waited for the discharge that thankfully never happened. He stared at the cock, which had been drenched in his own saliva.

Roland kept his hands on Joey's head as he pressed the tip of his cock against Joey's face. Joey couldn't avoid it at all. The cock came in contact with his skin. The tough surface didn't please Joey, even as it slid across his cheek thanks to Roland's simple command of his hips. He couldn't tolerate the demotion of his disposition.

"I think it's time for you to stop."

Roland refused to listen. "I'm in charge here, sweetheart. I'm the one and only."

He brought Joey up on his feet again and whispered, "I can sense that your pussy wants something from me."

Joey couldn't say anything. He felt too afraid to even bring Roland back to reality.

Roland dug inside Joey's skirt. The young man gasped. He could feel the hand reaching his ass.

"What are you doing, man?!"

Roland stayed silent as he stuck two fingers deep inside Joey's tight hole. Joey's entire body began to shiver once again. Roland's fingers had been shoved inside and moved around, making Joey's internal mechanisms exhibiting a strange reaction. Joey couldn't deny it. He could feel a certain arousal when being pursued by Roland's two playful fingers.
