 I started out afraid of that strange fluid that shot from my cock on that warm sweaty day when I was 18. It scared me and at the same time, started a curiosity that has lasted over two decades. My hand was drawn to my raging virgin shaft. It was the most secretive event in my life. It felt so good. I stopped several times as a strange feeling swept over my body. That euphoria that is so familiar today. All of a sudden my body trembled and I covered my mouth as I moaned. My groin compressed and a warm white gusher erupted over my fingers. My breath was short and as hard as I tried to stop the flow, it just kept up till the end and spilled onto the floor. What should I do now?, I thought. I quickly cleaned it up and rushed to the bathroom to wash it off. On the way, I looked at my hand and wondered about my new experience. I lifted my hand to my nose and smelled the strange concoction. It would be years before I would learn to love all of its qualities. On this day, it smelled wild and unique. After a few years of wasting the sweet cream, I did finally get the nerve to shoot it into my mouth and my world changed.

Now, so many years latest, I just can't get enough. My wife lets me have it often. I have dallied in a few strange cocks for a twist and that is so damn nice to have it shoot so fresh down my throat. Air does change the taste. While this thirst for a strange cock is dangerous, I do indulge it on occasion. But, I have never found another's sperm as good as my own. My wife agrees. We make sure my diet is cum friendly. Pineapple is a fruit staple for me. We cultivate the best that my body can produce. I have written here in Clubstroke so many times about my and Susie's exploits with my seed and others, but when it cums down to our favorite, nothing cums close to my cream. But, Susie can't always be around for a joint session, so my solo time alone has become so special to me. I can let go and float off into a private world of lust, sweat, a racing heart, short of breath and a mind blowing explosion of endorphins.

I have moved into advanced climax control and partial ejaculation. For so many men, the loss of libido after climax takes the steam out of the desire to eat what we all love. I often spend hours bringing myself to the edge and back over and over and over again until with the slightest touch, I can pump out as much or as little as I like. This takes the ultimate of control. You want to cum so bad, but slow your hand to a crawl. One easy stroke at a time with break to hold off an explosion. Sometimes I miss and blow my whole was, but mostly I can control the scene to my liking. Well, its all to my liking, but this variety of lust is rapidly becoming my ultimate high. My favorite is to ooze a pinch at a time and lick each sample and savor the flavor. I get as many as four or five shots before its gone or floods my palm. When that happens, I quickly lap it up in one lick and let it sit in my mouth and tingle my gums. I still haven't climaxed, mind you, so the libido is still at a peak. My whole body is awash in a drugged state of euphoria. I stand in front of the mirror throughout and watch the best show in town. Only when I decide Ive had enough, do I pump my shaft and bring my climax on. Just as my cock explodes, I use my tongue to push the semen out of my mouth and watch it run down my lips and chin. Then, as quickly as I can, I bring the load of pure sperm up to my mouth and take a last look into the mirror and watch as I lick my hand clean and swallow my reward. I want to film my technique and place it on the net. I would wear a black leather hood with only holes for my eyes, nose and mouth. Wow.

Tell me what you think. ICQ # 14728118