 Gina and I waited for Eddie on the bench in front of our apartment building. We would first go to lunch, then Eddie was going to take me to the RiversEdge Saloon so I could get my car; I'd left it there the night before when I was too intoxicated to drive. 

We made small talk; I was glad she didn't say a word about our sexy drive home the previous evening, and, thankfully, she didn't ask what Eddie and I had done when we were alone in my apartment.

I have to admit, in the light of a new day, and completely sober, I felt vaguely confused and ashamed I had gotten so excited kissing another guy...not to mention how I made Eddie climax...even after rinsing three-times with mouthwash this morning, I swore his taste was still on my tongue.

We saw Eddie's car approaching and stood and walked to the street.

"So Sweetie, is Eddie a better kisser than all your other boyfriends?" she blurted out.

I stopped dead in my tracks. HUH? WHAT? My face turned bright red; my eyes wide open.

"W-What do you mean? I-I-I never kissed a guy before!" I stammered defensively.

She whipped her head around and stared at me.

"C'mon---GET OUTTA HERE!" she said in total disbelief. 

I blushed a darker red when I realized what she was implying. 

"No-no," I protested. "I've never been with a guy before! I-I-I don't know what came over me last night---I think it was the liquor!"

Her face suddenly softened as she stared into my eyes.

"You're serious, aren't you, Sweetie?" she said barely above a whisper. "You don't think you're queer?"

I blushed at her use of the word 'queer'...I vehemently shook my head.

Eddie stopped before us and Gina opened the car door and said to me, "I'll sit next to Eddie---you have some issues to work out!"

When I climbed in and leaned forward to say "Hi" to Eddie, I felt a warm glow inside me as I stared at his handsome face. I thanked him for the ride home the night before...I guess I stared at him a couple seconds longer than necessary because I heard Gina say under her breath, "Uh-huh, sure!"

Gina and I decided it was dumb for both of us to drive to work so we would alternate weeks.

As for the job itself, I guessed Gina mentioned our conversation to Eddie; he was friendly and helpful with me, but he refrained from any sexual innuendos, and he kept his hands to himself. 

We continued talking and joking with one another, but it was impersonal, strictly professional. I kind of missed the old Eddie...

Gina and I grew closer. I found her so easy to talk with I considered her my new best friend. During the day we hung out at the pool; then we'd ride to-and-from work every night. 

We were becoming so close, sometimes Gina wasn't as modest as she should have been around me. When she knew it was me at her door, I'd be greeted by the sight of her in various stages of undress. 

The sight of her in lacy bra's, and sheer panties caused me innumerable erections, and an almost daily case of blue balls. I fantasized about her sexy lingerie every night when I satisfied myself.

Eddie, Gina and me went to the RiversEdge Saloon two-three nights a week. She loved to dance, and Eddie and I were more than happy to be her partners. 

Sometimes, when she danced with another guy, Eddie and I would dance together...I was becoming less self-conscious about dancing with him when I realized the crowd around us couldn't care less about two guys dancing together...plus, he was such a good dancer, I was aware of many eyes watching us, and I was strangely proud to be his partner.

It was a Saturday night when things between me and Gina changed.

She insisted I dance all the slow dances with her; that in itself wasn't unusual, but on this particular night, she decided to rub and gyrate herself against me every dance. 

She held me tight, pushing her breasts on my chest; her hands stroking my back, and every so often she reached down and massaged my buttocks. She ground her pelvis into mine and seductively smiled when she felt my erection against her. My balls hurt so badly I thought for sure I was going to humiliate myself and cum in my pants.

After one such dance, we returned to where Eddie was seated, my hands in front of my crotch hiding my hard-on. He introduced us to a guy named, Terry. They seemed to already know each other. Terry, was all over Eddie, and for some reason, I didn't like it.

They soon disappeared onto the dance floor and that's when Gina began stroking my thigh. She leaned in close, her hot breath in my ear made my prick twitch and jump.

"Sweetie..." she whispered. "I think it's time..."

I hesitated then asked, "Time for what?"

Her teeth nipped my earlobe then said, "Time for us to be 'friends with benefits'!"

Oh my God---my dream was about to come true!

She took my hand and guided me thru the crowd and out the front door. When we were inside my car, she sat close beside me, and we kissed for the first time. Her lips were soft, warm and pliant...I couldn't get enough of her sweet mouth...our tongues leapt and danced...our heavy breathing began to fog the windows. 

She suddenly broke the kiss and, holding my head close to hers exclaimed, "WHEW---Eddie was right---you ARE a wonderful kisser!" then kissed me again.

Eddie thinks I'm a wonderful kisser? That's a nice thing to say...

Then her hand was on my thigh...more aggressive this time...she caressed me all the way up my leg, stopping a half-inch short of my aching balls...I kissed her harder---I pressed my lips on hers and took her wild tongue deep into my mouth.

When we broke for air, she said in her husky sex voice, "Remember what happened when Eddie squeezed your cock?" and sure enough, she boldly grasped my hard-on thru my slacks and gave it two short strokes.

The sperm and semen exploded from my balls in four intense volleys. My hips bucked off the seat as I cried out and filled my briefs with sticky cum. 

It had been a couple weeks since the three of us had been in the front seat of Eddie's car...I never knew until now that it was Eddie's hand that gave me that wonderful climax. 

When the unmistakable aroma wafted up from my crotch assaulting our noses, Gina whispered in my ear, "You owe me one, Sweetie!" and giggled.

"My panties are soaked, Johnny...when we get to my place I want you to lick my pussy---will you lick my pussy, Sweetie?"

Oh my God, what dirty talk! No girl has ever spoken to me like that!

"Y-Yes----oh yes, I'll lick your pussy..." was all I could say.

I found a parking spot on the street in front of our building. When the cool night air hit us as we climbed out of the car, I became extremely self-conscious of my cold and wet crotch.

"I-I, uh, need to go and change," I stammered. "...then I'll meet you at your place!"

She took my hand and giggled. "You can clean yourself in MY bathroom!"

"Oh---okay," I replied.

I stood naked in her bathroom, washing myself with a warm and damp washcloth. I looked at the pink robe she'd given me to wear, and felt rather foolish. 

"I can't wear this!" I'd said when she first handed it to me.

"Don't be silly!" she'd said. Then added with a smile, "You won't be wearing it very long anyway!"

When I was dry, I slipped the robe over my shoulders and cinched the belt tightly around me. The silken feel of the robe draped on my body surprised---then delighted me. I ran my hands up-and-down my chest, luxuriating in the soft and sensuous material.

The hem of the robe was just above my knees; I unconsciously pressed the material against my growing erection until I had a full blown hard-on...I couldn't help myself---I wrapped the silk around my prick and squeezed---OH MY GOD---how wonderful does THAT feel?

The bathroom door swung open and I blushed fifty shades of red as Gina laughed softly and said, "Yes, I thought you might like that robe!"

I stammered, "Uh, I-I-uh---"

She cut me off: "Sweetie, don't be embarrassed---I want to know everything about you...what you like and don't like, and especially---what excites you---what makes your dick hard..." 

She offered me her hand and said, "C'mon, I want to show you something that turns ME on!"

She guided me to her computer table and had me sit down. I was confused and a little frustrated...I wanted to take her in my arms and ravish her and now I found myself staring at a computer screen.

"Key in 'penis-cocks-and-pricks-dot-com'---small letters—no spaces!" she said.

"Huh? What?" I asked. "I really don't want to look at THAT stuff!"

She leaned over and ran her hands up and down my chest thru the silken material. She suddenly grasped my hard-on and squeezed.

"Do it for me, Sweetie," she breathed into my ear. "I want to show you what I like to see---okay?"

"Ohhh, okay..." was all I could say.

She pushed her tongue in my ear and whispered, "Penis-cocks-and-pricks-dot-com'..."

My hands were shaking so badly I made several mistakes, but finally, when the images popped up on the screen and I found myself looking at photos of naked men and boys, I realized it was a gay website. 

She squeezed my prick again and said, "Good boy!"

She continued whispering. "I want you to scroll down all the way and look at all the photos, okay, Sweetie?"

Uhhh, okay," I replied. I wanted to ask why we were doing this, but remained silent and looked at the dirty pictures.

"I'll be right back---I'm going to get naked and put on my own robe," her hot breath in my ear caused a shiver to race up my spine. I nearly came when she squeezed my prick hard before she left me alone.

I did as I was told and slowly scrolled down and studied each photograph. There were many photos of pretty boys holding hard cocks; or on their knees with their lips wrapped around the man's glans; or bending over for a man, holding his erection and guiding it to their assholes.

I was three-quarters of the way down the screen when I stopped and stared at a particular photo.

A guy, not much older than me, stood naked, his erection jutting out before him; and on his knees was a pretty, naked boy, at least I thought it was a boy, his hair was longer than mine, and he had tiny mounds protruding from his chest; his nipples were his most prominent feature---long and thick---I'd never seen nipples that long...he had the man's cockhead in his mouth with one hand holding his scrotum; the other hand wrapped around the base of the man's impressive cock.

There was something so sexy about the photo I had to fight the overwhelming urge to masturbate...I simply sat unmoving and unable to look away from the erotic tableau.

I yelped and nearly jumped out of my skin when Gina's hands suddenly pinched my nipples hard...I turned to face her but she held me still.

"Yes, I like that photo, too---keep looking at it..." she instructed. 

She fondled and pinched my nipples with one hand then grasped my hard prick with the other. She slowly stroked it up-and-down. I'd never experienced sensations like the ones the silk gave me as she firmly trapped my penis in the folds of the robe.

I couldn't hold out much longer. I was enveloped with panic and weakly pushed at her hand but she stopped me by saying, "It's okay, Sweetie...I want you to cum in the robe---it's okay---don't fight it..."

I was lost in a fog of lust so strong and powerful I simply allowed her to have her way with me. I even aided her with upward thrusts of my hips. The churning cum in my balls sealed my fate.

She bit my earlobe; her hot breath sending chills up my spine. "Do you recognize that cock?"

"No-no---why would I? No, I don't---"

Her hot breath in my ear again. "Sweetie, that cock is identical to Eddie's cock---remember?"

"Ohhhh..." I groaned; her hand was taking me to the brink once again, and I was powerless to stop her. 

Her hand moved faster and harder. "What are you thinking right now---who are you pretending to be, Johnny---the man standing...or the boy on his knees?" 

She squeezed me hard and the sperm and semen suddenly gushed from my balls up thru my cock and splashed against the silken folds of the robe.

"OH-GOD---OH-GOD---OH-GOD---YES-YES-YES-YESSSSSSSSSS..."

All the while my cockhead spit and spurt my viscous fluids, she pumped me hard and whispered over-and-over, "Good boy---good boy---good boy---good boy..."

When my body finally came to rest, I was not only breathless, but also in the grips of an overwhelming sense of helplessness---she had given me the most spectacular orgasm of my life while she made me stare at a man's hard cock---I was paralyzed with fear; because of my weakness, I had relinquished control of our budding relationship to her.

If she chose to use it, she now had the power to destroy my fragile psyche, and totally humiliate me. 

She reached inside the robe and scooped up my discharge, and to my horror, she presented her glistening hand to my face and said, "Lick my hand clean, Sweetie!" 

From the tone of her voice I could tell it was an order and not a request...she patted my head condescendingly as I lapped-up my cold and sticky cum. 

She surprised me when she kissed my wet lips.

"Look at me, Sweetie," she said.

I had been afraid to look into her eyes; I thought I would see mocking derision. Instead, I saw warmth, and the beautiful smile on her pretty face comforted me. 

"You're not very experienced with girls, are you Sweetie?" she said; then not waiting for my answer she added, "Johnny, I'm going to teach you---I'm going to help you with your sexuality, okay?"

I wasn't sure what she meant by 'helping me with my sexuality' but her voice was so soothing and sincere, I managed to nod my head and say, "I'd like that..."

When we stood, she said, "Take off your robe..."

I hesitated, thinking she would remove hers, as well, but she crossed her arms over her breasts and simply stared at me.

"Johnny, take off your robe!" she repeated forcefully.

I blushed at the thought of being naked before her, but obeyed her command. She took the robe from me, and slowly looked me up and down. She then took me in her arms and kissed me.

"My pussy is sopping wet---I'm going to teach you how to eat my cunt---would you like to eat my cunt, Sweetie?" she said.

My face turned a dark red. I shyly said, "I-I, uh...guys aren't supposed to use the 'c' word, are they?"

She chuckled and replied, "Only as a proper noun---never as an adjective! What do you have to say to me now, Sweetie?"

With my face still burning, I averted my eyes and softly said, "Yes, I'd like to eat your cunt."

She lifted my chin and playfully scolded me. "Johnny, that wasn't very convincing---say it like you mean it---and this time look into my eyes!"

My heart was pounding. I'd never said such a dirty thing to a girl before.

Thru watery eyes, I stared at her and said, "Yes, I want to eat your cunt..." and then to my surprise, I added, "Please teach me how to eat your cunt, Gina!"

She smiled and said, "Good boy!" then took my hand and led me to her bedroom.

A couple hours earlier, she and I were on equal footing, now as I followed her, naked and vulnerable, I realized the power she had over me...and I knew I was helpless to refuse her anything...my heavily ingrained macho mind-set was developing small cracks and fissures. My father's constant lectures of man's domination over females were at odds with my current situation. 

I found Gina's aggressive behavior exciting, not to mention downright sexually stimulating. I enjoyed obeying her commands...in fact, letting her be the 'boss' in our relationship made me feel happy---it relieved me of the pressure I'd always felt with girls that somehow I was in charge of our happiness...I found it much more comfortable being the one obeying, than the one issuing the suggestions and orders.

I discovered another side to my personality. I found the old saying "It is better to give than to receive" absolutely true!

Our first night in her bed, she playfully called me her "pussy-eater in-training" and over the next few days she gave me plenty of 'lessons.' 

I never realized women have just as strong sexual 'needs' as men...growing-up, my mother never came close to discussing sex with me, and my father, well, his idea of sex education was a wink then declaring, "I got some last night---I gave it to her pretty good too...you know, John, women aren't built like us---they only want sex to make babies...but most of 'em understand it's their wifely duty to take care of their man's needs...your mom's good at opening her legs for me whenever I want..."

YUCK!! Talk about TMI---It's a miracle I have any interest in sex at all...ha-ha-ha-ha...

Anyway, I soon discovered Gina's strong 'needs'...and I am always eager and happy to oblige her...I find it very gratifying to hear first her moans of pleasure, then her screams and shouts when she orgasms...being on my knees between her open thighs has become second-nature to me even though that mysterious jungle 'down-there' still scares me.

One morning she said: "You know, Sweetie, the first of the month is coming up---our rents are due---don't you think it would be smarter if you moved in here with me? We'll save a lot of money!"

"Aren't I supposed to give a 30-day notice? Merv the Perv won't refund my deposit," I replied. Merv is the building superintendent---notorious for his 'dick-walks' around the swimming pool staring at the scantily clad girls.

Gina winked and said, "Don't you worry your pretty little head over it---I'll go talk to him!"

I blushed and softly said, "Oh, okay..."

As usual, she convinced me her logic was flawless, and in the coming days I moved what few possessions I owned into her apartment.

She assigned duties for the both of us. Since she made a lot more money than I did, she volunteered to buy our groceries, laundry and cleaning supplies...I would do the laundry, clean the apartment, and she would teach me how to cook. Fair enough...

My first night living with her, our sex life became slightly kinkier, and a whole lot more exciting when she introduced me to her 'best friends'---her vibrators. 

In addition, she wanted me to try something new; she began to masturbate me with her panties...not the sexy lace ones, but her sheer and smooth, see-thru panties...I can't begin to describe the wonderful sensations the material gives me when she wraps them around my erection---I had thought the silk robe on my flesh was fantastic---the panties are a hundred-times more exciting and erotic!

After I bring her to orgasm with my hands and mouth, she will allow me to climax, too.

The first few nights, she would have me in different positions as she moved the vibrator back-and-forth over my perineum and anus with her panties wrapped around my 'dicky' (as she likes to call it) while she masturbated me...OH MY GOD----my orgasms were the most powerful of my life...and then, and I almost hate to admit this, when she started to oil the head of the dildo and push it inside me---OH MY GOD---I thought my head would explode when I shot gobs-and-gobs of spunk into the panties!

I even became accustomed to the taste of my semen as she made me clean her panties with my lips and tongue after every mind-numbing orgasm. It is at moments like these, when we cuddle and hold each other, I will tell her how much I love her and she will return my kisses on my still-glistening lips and say, "I love you, too, Sweetie!"

Yes, I know you're probably thinking I'm kind of a wuss for submitting so easily to every one of Gina's commands, but in all honesty, I've never been happier...or more fulfilled as a human being. 

And yes, if my father knew I was a willing receptacle for Gina's dildos he'd have a heart attack, but Gina has opened my eyes to the fact that a man does not have to maul and paw a woman like an animal to be considered a man---that it is perfectly normal to experiment with ones sexuality in order to discover ones true nature.
