 I awoke the next morning, Edward's cock pressed tightly against my ass and his arms wrapped around me. I laid there going over in my head what had happened not just the night before, but only a few hours before. As I turned to see Edward he began to stir and I took this opportunity to slip out from his arms. 

Standing there alongside his bed, I smiled at Edward then began to search for my clothes. Spotting the red panties I had worn the night before, I quickly gave up looking for regular clothes and slipped them on, then retreated to the bathroom to wash up.

I decided to make breakfast and as I stood in the kitchen pondering whether to wake Edward up or serve him breakfast in bed, I felt two hands on my hips and warm lips on my neck. As Edward pressed his body against mine, I pushed my ass back against him and grinded my hips. I could feel his cock harden and let out a soft gasp. Spinning around, I looked up into his eyes and could see the lust in his gorgeous green eyes, then without warning he lifted me up and set me on the counter. Wrapping my legs around him, he stood there silently staring up at me with a smile on his face, then said "I don't remember the last time I woke up and saw someone cooking me breakfast in just their bra and panties." 

Smiling back at him, I took his face in my hands and said "I don't remember the last time I woke up and felt like making breakfast in only my bra and panties... I hope you're okay with that!" Looking down at his hard cock, I wrapped my hand around it and asked, "why don't you go put some undies on and I'll take care of this after we eat?" 

Moving around the kitchen, I couldn't help but feel sexy and the epitome of cock tease, feeling Edward's eyes following me around the kitchen made me painfully horny because I knew he was horny watching me. As I finished up making his plate, I asked "so what are our plans for the day?" Peaking over my shoulder, I could tell he was surprised and anxious that I was offering to spend the day with him. He replied "I don't have anything planned, what would you like to do?" 

Setting his plate down, I kissed his lips while my left hand squeezed his cock, "I can think of one thing I'd like to do today." As we finished breakfast, I could tell just by the look on Edward's face that I was in for a wonderful day. 

I placed our plates in the sink then walked over to him. Placing my legs on either side of him, I sat down on his lap and wiggled my ass on his cock, gazing into his eyes I ask "lets just stay in today and continue what we started last night?" That was all he needed to hear. 

Wrapping his arms around me, I almost fell over backwards when he stood up and carried me to the couch. Setting me down, he immediately began kissing my neck and chest. Unfastening my bra, he took to sucking on my hardened nipples while my chest heaved up and down. Holding his head in my hands, my feminine moans encouraged him as my hips grinded my hard, panty-covered cock into his abs. 

Taking his head in my hands, I forced him to look me in the eyes and then demanded, "fuck my mouth!" He quickly stood and allowed me to position myself accordingly on the couch with my head tilted back over the side. As he stood over me I took his cock in my hand, licked my lips, slurped the head into my mouth, then with my free hand pulled him into my throat. Gagging, I gripped his ass with both hands and continued to pull him in. Feeling his balls on my nose, I opened my eyes and found myself staring at his hole, I had successfully deep throated his cock a second time! 

He began to slowly fuck my throat. With each down thrust, I felt my throat expand and would gag slighltly. Reaching down between my legs, I gripped my throbbing, pre-cum soaked cock with one and began to stroke it. 

Edward's moans were encouraging, but his fingers twisting my nipples was what sent my body & mind into overdrive. Soon he enough, the hand on my cock had been replaced by his mouth on my cock and I was unable to control myself, thrusting my hips into the air and shooting several strands of cum into his mouth. 

Pulling his cock from my mouth, Edward pulled me up off the couch and kissed me passionately, releasing my cum into my mouth. I wrapped my arms around his neck and moaned loudly into this cum-filled kiss. Pushing him down on the couch, I straddle his hips, taking his cock in my hand, aimed it towards my ass, and that quickly sat down on his cock. 

I eagerly fucked him. Bouncing up and down on his cock. Kissing him passionately. I knew he wouldn't last much longer and he didn't, shooting several globs deep in my ass. 

Collapsing on top of him, I clenched my ass cheeks to try to keep him from escaping my ass, but with no luck. Sitting up, I caressed his face and smiled at him. Leaning in close, I whispered "I'll be ready to go again when you are!"

To be continued...