 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

The next morning found me sitting on a fluffy pillow at the kitchen table while Kyle prepared breakfast. I was squirming in my seat, trying to take the pressure off of my poor ravaged hole when dad came in one side from the hall and granddad came in the back door after going to the store for butter.

"Got ants in your pants?" dad asked as I squirmed again.

"Your son had a run in with Deputy Monster Dick." granddad said. "Now he's paying the price."

"Damn, I'd think twice about taking on that meat without working up to it." dad said. "You're either brave or stupid."

"Right now I feel stupid. There's no way I can sit without my ass hole aching."

"That's what happens to little boys who are greedy." granddad said.

"Oh, yeah? Well, it didn't help to have some big dick old fucker rape me on the kitchen table when my hole was already wrecked." I replied.

"I knew I shouldn't have gone to bed early. I miss everything." dad said.

"How come nobody has raped me on the kitchen table?" Kyle asked.

"I was saving that for your one month anniversary with us." dad replied.

"Fuck all of you." I said. "What if he really broke something?"

"Hop up and drop'em." dad said. "Let me see what's going on."

I stood up and dropped my sweatpants and bent over the table while dad, granddad and Kyle clustered around my ass. Dad spread my cheeks to get a good look at my hole.

"Looks like a fast food restaurant to me." granddad said. Dad and I looked at each other, mystified.

"'Home of the Whopper'." Kyle recited the motto of a local burger chain and granddad burst out laughing.

"How can I not love this boy." granddad said, standing behind Kyle and wrapping his arms around him. "He gets my jokes!"

"The poor demented soul." I said. 

Dad went back to examining my ass.

"Nothing major going on here." dad said. "You've got what they used to call honeymoon disease. The virgin bride and groom would discover fucking and then over do it to the point where her cunt and his dick got sore. Same principle here. You need to soak your ass in Epsom salts a couple of times a day and, as your father; I'm cutting you off from getting fucked for the near future. You'll mend in no time."

"I had a date to meet the deputy for another round this afternoon." I said. "I guess I'll have to skip it."

"If I have to lock you in your room." dad said. "Nobody's wearing out your cute little ass hole unless its me."

"By the way," I said, "the deputy said to tell you both you have a standing invitation to stop by his place any afternoon for conversation and cock. When he meets Kyle, you'll probably have 2 ass holes that need to be nursed back to health."

I spent the next several hours performing ministrations on my aching hole. Kyle came into my room in mid afternoon and fed me his cock to take my mind off of my troubles but I was still throbbing, though a lot less.

At about three that afternoon, dad came in and asked me about the deputy's invitation and I told him how he just needed to go in the unlocked back door to the deputy's bedroom.

"Do you feel okay to drive?" he asked.

"Sure." I said. "I just hope I don't see you come hobbling in here later with an aching ass hole like mine."

"Don't underestimate your old dad's talents." he replied. 

* * * * * * * * * *

Dad hopped out of the truck in the alley behind the deputy's place and went through the back gate and up to the covered back door. He tried the knob and, as expected, the door was unlocked. He opened the door and entered.

The deputy's bed was directly across from the door. On it, with one leg drawn up and the other extended, the deputy lay sleeping in the nude. His enormous dark cock and heavy balls were cradled in the valley between his legs, his cock so long that his cock head lay out on the sheet. His meaty foreskin was retracted just a bit, enough so that the shiny pink head peeked out of the opening.

Dad crossed the room and gently crawled up the bed between his legs and wrapped one hand around the beautiful monster. He lifted it and slowly eased the foreskin back until the big head was fully uncovered, then slid his mouth down over the head and began licking the juicy plum and flicking his tongue in the deputy's piss slot. The giant cock began to swell and harden. Dads glanced up to see the deputy awake and watching him suck on his cock.

"I could shoot you for unlawful entry, you know." the deputy said.

"I'd rather have this big motherfucker shoot inside my ass after you make a lawful entry into my hole." dad replied and went back to licking the head of his now fully erect cock.

"I was sort of expecting your son." the deputy said.

"Well, funny thing, some big dick bastard put the boy's hole out of commission for the next few days so he sent me as his surrogate."

"I warned him not to try to ride a Harley if he was still using training wheels on his 3 speed." the deputy said.

"Nothing time won't take care of and maybe next time he'll be more careful."

"But that was a prime piece of ass. I was looking forward to getting in there again." the deputy mused.

"Age and experience trump youth and beauty any day, you ever heard that?" dad asked.

"I must say, that has always been my experience." the deputy replied. "I like my men to have some age on them and know their limits."

"Or lack of." dad replied. "So, are you going to talk or fuck my ass?"

The deputy reached down and wrapped his hand around the base of his cock and made it stand straight up from his body.

"Looks like I'm about ready when you are." he said.

Dad climbed back off of the bed and stood up to kick off his shoes and pull off his socks, then unbuttoned his shirt and dropped it to the floor.

"Not bad for aged and experienced." the deputy said, looking at dad's trim torso and tight belly.

"Oh, I'm saving the best for last." dad replied.

He turned his back to the deputy and undid his waist band, lowered his zipper and slowly let his pants slide to the floor. The deputy lay admiring his exposed ass.

Full fleshy buns stood out from dad's frame, so meaty that there was a deep crease under each where his leg met his ass. His crack was tight and moist, his buns firmly hiding his fuck hole between them. On each side of his hips there were dish shaped impressions that sculpted his ass even more and made it a butt fuckers dream come true.

"Now that's what I call an ass." the deputy said.

Dad reached back and grabbed the base of each cheek and lifted, then released, so that the meaty globes shook. Then, he turned and walked to the bed with his half hard cock arched out before him and swaying with each step. He climbed onto the bed and walked on his knees straddling the deputy's body till he was able to come to rest with his ass crack resting on the hot pipe of deputy cock. He moved his hips back and forth, riding the meat so that it slid up and down in his crack, caressing his hole

.

"I wanted your cock in me the first minute I saw you." dad said. "Even before I knew you were packing an ass buster like this."

"So are you going to talk or are you going to fuck my cock?" the deputy asked.

Dad raised himself up on his knees and reached behind himself to raise the enormous cock and rub it's leaking head against his fuck hole.

"Where's the lube?" dad asked. "Even if I am experienced, I don't think I could handle a spit and grit fuck on this monster."

The deputy reached to the night stand drawer and pulled out a bottle of lube and handed it to dad who squeezed a good portion into his hand and then reached back again to slather the goo over the hot upright slab of meat, then used another big gob to grease up his ass and poke a wad into his hole. He rose up higher and positioned the wide cock head against his pucker, then reached down and grabbed his cock and balls and pulled them up so that the deputy had a clear view of his cock poised at dad's opening.

"Watch the magic trick." dad said and lowered himself in one smooth move so that the fat cock disappeared inch by inch inside of his ass. "See, I made your cock disappear."

Dad sat for a moment, getting his ass channel used to the massive intruder, then began to rock back and forth so he could feel the stiff meat move inside him.

"I can feel that big fucker poking through my second ass ring." dad said. He sat for a minute, tensing his muscles so that the pair of muscular rings caressed the cock buried in his guts. "Can you feel that on the head?"

"Fuck, yeah." the deputy replied. "It feels like fucking and getting sucked off at the same time."

Dad rode the cock up his ass, rising and falling so that the hard shaft slid in and out of his fuck chute.

The deputy started rising to meet him, thrusting his cock deep inside him each time.

"Just relax and let me do the work." dad said. "We've got all evening to get you there."

He rode the big cock, squeezing his ass muscles to vary the degree of tightness, varying the speed that he slid up and down on the hard shaft and then sitting with the full length buried balls deep inside him each time he sensed that the deputy's cum was rising.

"Man, I've got to fuck you!" the deputy said.

"Okay," dad replied, "time to change position." He very slowly eased his tight ass hole over the length of the deputy's long cock, teasing him by stopping at random and riding so that the cock made short thrusts in his hole and was massaged by the tight ring around it. Finally, he allowed the massive cock head to clear his hole and the swollen cock flop against the deputy's belly then slid his body down between the deputy's legs. He squirted more of the lube on the deputy's meaty ball sack and started massaging it, sliding it hand over hand almost like he was jacking a cock.

"How does that feel? "Dad asked.

"It's fantastic." the deputy replied. "It's making my cock get even harder but taking away the need to cum at the same time."

"That's right, babe." dad said. "This cock is mine for the next few hours and you're not going to cum until I say so." 

Time passed and dad continued playing with the big balls, massaging them and playing with them in their sack.

After a while the deputy said, "I want my cock in you again."

Dad climbed over the deputy's legs and got on his hands and knees, then lowered his head and shoulders onto the bed so that his ass was high in the air and spread wide. The deputy took his place behind him and spread his ass even wider so that he could admire the tight little hairless puckered hole.

"Damn, that looks good enough to eat." the deputy said.

"Help yourself," dad replied, "my hole is yours to do what you want with."

The deputy lowered his head and licked the opening, watching the pucker furl each time his tongue caressed it. Soon, he was tongue fucking dad's hole, sliding his tongue deeply up his ass.

"Eat that hole, fucker!" dad said. "Make it hungry for your big dick in it."

More time passed while the deputy feasted on dad's fuck hole, licking and sucking at it like a starving man.

"Goddamn!" he finally said. "I'm going to fuck this hole into the hospital." He lined his cock head up with the wet hole and rammed his full length inside with one thrust.

"Destroy my ass hole!" dad said and reached back between his legs and grabbed the deputy's swing nut sack and pulled him forward. "Pound that dick in my hole!"

The deputy plunged his cock in and out of dad's guts, thrusting deep inside and popping his inner ass ring each time. The sound of his hips slapping against dad's ass sounded like two boxers going ten rounds. 

The whole time, dad kept his fist wrapped around the huge nuts and pulled them out from his body as far as they would go.

"Damn it, I need to cum." the deputy said. "I feel so close but I can't get the cum out while you're stretching my nuts."

"I told you," dad said. "I control when you cum."

Well, it went on like that the rest of the evening with dad getting his ass fucked doggy style, with his legs over the deputy's shoulders so that he was getting deep dicked at every thrust, riding the deputy's cock cowboy style and reverse cowboy so that the deputy could watch him fuck himself on his massive prong.

Throughout the evening, he kept a tight grip on the deputy's balls and paid close attention to his breathing, never letting him get too close too cumming

Finally, around nine o'clock the deputy couldn't take anymore.

"Please!" he begged, "I have to be at work in an hour. Please let me cum."

Dad was once again straddling the deputy's hips, riding his prong slowly.

"All you had to do was ask." he said and rolled over onto his back, the deputy above him with his hard meat buried full length in his hole.

"Okay, now fuck me, asshole." dad said. "Shoot that juice in my guts." 

The deputy responded by slamming his meat into dad's ass almost violently, crazed with the need for his long delayed orgasm. After so long and so many false alarms it seemed like his balls didn't believe that they were finally free to shoot their load and he fucked dad's hole like a jackhammer. Dad reached down between their thrusting bodies and coated his index finger with the lube leaking out of his stretched hole. He then reached up to the deputy's thrusting ass, fingering his ass crack and finally sinking his finger deep into the puckered hole he found there. The deputy let out a hoarse roar at the same time that his cum started shooting out of his piss hole deep in dad's ass. Dad felt the juice paint his ass walls, one massive spurt after another until finally the deputy lay on top of him, fully spent. 

He eased his finger out of his tight hole and then turned over so that he could slide from beneath the deputy's sweaty, exhausted body. He went to the corner and slowly dressed, all the while watching the exhausted deputy lying face down on the bed. When he was fully dressed, he walked over and caressed the deputy's smooth buns.

"Thanks for the fuck, junior," he said.

He let himself out the back door into the spring night and then walked to the gate and called his son.

"How about coming over and giving your old man a ride home?" he asked, then leaned against the fence and waited for his boy to show.

The truck pulled up and he climbed in beside his son.

"Are you alright, dad?" his son asked as they pulled away. "I've been worried about you."

"No need." dad said. "Your old dad knows what he's doing. You should have been worrying about the deputy. Right now that poor exhausted son of a bitch is probably in the shower trying to soothe the blisters forming on his dick and wondering if he should put ice on his swollen balls, all the while thinking about the long shift he has ahead of him." He reached over and caressed the back of his son's head and neck. "Nobody hurts my little boy and gets away with it!"

They rode the short distance back to the house and then entered the back door into the kitchen. Granddad was at the kitchen table, wrapped in his white robe. His big hard cock was standing up from his lap between the sides of his robe.

"Well, how was it?" he asked dad.

Dad loosened his belt and dropped his pants to the floor and then bent over the kitchen table so that his ass was spread for fucking.

"Come on, you horny old bastard." he said to granddad. "I know you've sitting here waiting all evening to get sloppy seconds in my ass so let's get it over with."

Granddad stood up, his big hard dick swaying before him and dropped his robe to the floor before walking around the table.