 We kissed our hellos, Kerry being one of my oldest friends. It's always so good to see her, she's knows me better than anyone. My wife has never been jealous with us being friends, in fact they get along very well. But Kerry and I have always had a special bond. 

She's always seen right through my bullshit. I tried to pick her up in college, but she always shot me down. I think that just made me like her more, and we ended up being great friends. We've always been able to talk about anything, giving each other advice on the most personal details of our lives. It was on one of those nights, drunk on too much rum, that I let slip my secret desire to be with a man. 

She wasn't even taken aback, telling me she could totally see that in me. Even in my inebriated state, I was nervous as hell to share that with her. But she wasn't fazed, and it really felt good to be able to discuss these hidden feelings with her. 

Even after I met my wife and got married, and Kerry got married as well, we would still chat about my curiosity whenever we would get together. It was liberating for me, having an outlet for this pent up lust of mine. And it had only gotten stronger over the years. 

Kerry encouraged me to be open with her, and it got to the point that she would refer to me as her gay friend and we would check out guys together. It always made me feel so amazing, so freeing, like I could finally let this secret side of me out. And it doesn't need to be said that I always left our get togethers horny as hell. Sometimes I would jerk off in my car before driving home, the lust boiling over. Other times I'd go home and fuck my wife like a man possessed. In a way I guess I was. 

I always looked forward to seeing Kerry, and this time was no different. We sat together chatting like old girlfriends, and then she said she wanted to talk to me about something. 

"You know, you've been curious for years now, don't you ever wonder what it would be like to finally go through with it?"

"Sure, I guess." I replied. "But I'm married, plus I don't know if I'd actually have the nerve to do anything."

"Well I think you owe it to yourself to find out." she said. "It's been so long, I think it's time you finally took the plunge."

"But..." I stammered. 

"And I've found just the right guy for you." she said. "He works in my building, and I've told him all about you. He knows you're married and will be very discreet. He's gay, about your age, very handsome, nice body. I told him I'd give you his info and you'd call him to chat."

I sat there stunned, my stomach flipping over. I couldn't believe she too such an initiative like this. So many emotions were washing over me. I was so excited, yet scared as hell. Could I really do this, meet a guy for sex? God the thought was making me so hot. Kerry could read every emotion on my face. 

"Don't be mad, I just want you to explore this side of you. I know you're scared, but this is something you want, deep down. Life's too short, take a chance. This could be a real turning point for you."

She has always been convinced that I'm gay, me always insisting it's just curiosity. But which one of us is right? I've always wondered myself, and here was the chance to find out staring me in the face. 

I took his info, and kissed Kerry goodbye. She squeezed my hand and told me to go for it. I got home, my head swirling, and did my best to seem normal to my wife. But that night, unable to sleep, I got up and jerked off in the next room, cumming harder than I can remember. 

The next day at work I took my lunch break alone and sat with his info in my lap. Somehow, I finally worked up the nerve. I dialed his cell, and after a couple of rings he answered. 

"Hi Charles? It's Bryan. Kerry gave me your number."

"Hi Bryan, I'm so glad you called, Kerry's told me so much about you."

We chatted for 20 minutes about everything. He was a really nice guy and we really seemed to hit it off. We didn't even really flirt, we just connected as friends. When he suggested getting together for dinner after work I didn't even think twice. We agreed to meet at a restaurant across town. I called my wife to let her know I was going out with some work friends, which I do from time to time. 

When I arrived at the restaurant, he was waiting for me out front. Ok, Kerry was right, he was pretty hot, and he had the warmest smile as we shook hands hello. The restaurant was packed, but we were able to find two seats at the end of the bar. We were sitting close, and we had to lean in even closer just to hear each other. 

As we ate and chatted, we got more and more comfortable with each other. I'm sure the booze was helping with that, as we were both on our third drink. He had been very gentlemanly, only mildly flirting up to this point, when he leaned into my ear. 

"I'm sorry, but I just have to say that this whole time we've been chatting I've been dying to kiss you."

I blushed, taken aback by his bold statement, but quickly realizing I wanted the same thing. I smiled at him, and leaned into him telling him I felt the same way. 

"What do you say we get out of here and go somewhere more private?" he said. 

I agreed, and he quickly paid the check. As we walked out, he told me to leave my car, we'd take his. I said sure, realizing I liked being told what to do. He held the door open for me and I got in, feeling more and more like his date. He drove, not saying where, but I knew we were heading to his place. 

We walked inside, and he quickly spun me around and planted his lips on mine. He pushed me up against the door and our mouths mashed together, our tongues quickly finding each other's. He pulled off me for a moment, and we looked into each other's eyes. I think he was checking my reaction, and I just reached forward and pulled him into me again. 

I couldn't believe how great this felt, how natural it was to kiss another man. It was better than I'd ever hoped. His aggressiveness, his scent, it was all so different than being with a woman. And I found myself loving it. 

He hands went under my shirt, rubbing my chest and playing with my nipples. I let out a groan, and from that he pulled my shirt over my head. One hand trailed down to my cock and began rubbing it through my pants. It was already hard and he began to unbutton and unzip my pants. He bent down, taking off my shoes and socks, then slid my pants and underwear down too. 

He stood back up, me fully nude sandwiched between him and the door. I felt so helpless, so submissive, and it turned me on like crazy. Our mouths found each other again and then he grabbed me by the hand and led me into his room. 

I was at his mercy, and I realized I loved it. I wanted this man, I wanted to service him and pleasure him. My whole life had been leading up to this moment and I felt more free and exhilarated than ever. 

He laid me on the bed as he stood at the end undressing. His chest and abs looked incredible, and when his pants and underwear came off and I finally saw his big cock, I almost felt like I could pass out, the thrill was so intense. I knew what was coming next, and as I laid there, I felt so good, almost feminine, as I waited for this gorgeous man to make me his. 

He crawled up on to me, his body pressed down on mine, and we kissed like lovers. He scooted up the bed, finally squatting over my mouth. He leaned forward, his thick cock pushing into my mouth, and I began sucking it. He would pull out occasionally, moving his balls to my mouth, which I would suck on tenderly. 

This went on for a while, then he moved off of me and had me turn over. I was on my stomach, and he placed a pillow under me. My ass was hiked in the air and he squeezed my cheeks. He leaned over to his bedside drawer and grabbed something. I quickly knew what as I felt his lubed finger begin to push into my ass. 

He began fucking my ass with his finger, sliding it in and out, eventually adding a second finger. My moans were getting louder with each push. He was getting me ready for his cock, and I couldn't wait. 

He finally pulled his fingers out, and pulled me up onto my hands and knees. I felt him pull my cheeks apart and then the big head of his dick was at my entrance. He pushed forward, the head finally popping in with a little effort, and my breathing became ragged. It was painful, but we both wanted more. He pushed in deeper, pulling back out a bit then deeper each time. I felt stuffed, it was such an awesome feeling. 

He finally bottomed out, and we held still, getting used to each other. Then he pulled almost out, and softly thrust back in which knocked the breath from my lungs. He was beginning to fuck me, and I was in heaven. 

I started pushing back now, each thrust turning more from pain to pleasure. I was being taken by this man, but I was also embracing a part of me that had never been tapped before. I felt more alive than ever. 

He was grunting louder now, his cock thrusting harder and harder. It felt like I was being split in two, but I couldn't get enough. He had fucked me up against his headboard now, and with each push my head knocked against it. Out fucking felt so primal, two beasts in heat going at it. 

My head was I a sexual fog, yet I could tell he was getting closer. His breathing was getting intense. I kept thrusting back, and he finally grabbed my hips so hard and pushed deep inside me, exploding inside my ass. He gave a few more small thrusts, pumping me full of every last drop from his cock. 

He collapsed on top of me, his cock still buried in me. He finally pulled out and rolled over next to me. He took my face in his hands and kissed me tenderly. We hadn't even spoken a word since we arrived back at his place. We didn't have to. We were lovers now, and I knew this wouldn't be the only time. 

I realized Kerry was right about me, this was well beyond curiosity. As I laid in Charles's arms, I finally felt complete. I hadn't even cum yet but I didn't care, I wanted to please my man. And as I reached down to stroke his cock to life again, I knew I wanted more. Much more.