 THE DISCOVERY

Coach Brian Wilson decided to go to his office on a Saturday morning. He was the coach of a small college wrestling team in Southern California. He had already run his five miles that morning so he decided to get some paperwork done at the office. His wife Wendy was playing tennis with the women that morning so he would not be missed. He was in his office working when he was sure that he heard voices enter the gym. It was not unusual for team members to use the weight room so he ignored the voices.

After a second cup of coffee he had to use the bathroom. He walked by the training room and saw one of his wrestlers Todd with the Team Trainer Ricky. Todd was stretched out on the massage table and Ricky was massaging the muscular wrestler. Brian noticed that Todd was nude lying flat on his stomach and Ricky was just wearing gym shorts. He gave the young men a quick glance and then went into the bathroom to relieve his bladder. On the return to his office he saw that Todd was now on his back with Ricky massaging his legs.

Brian was intrigued with the massage and decided to watch them for a little longer. He always suspected that Ricky was gay and he wondered what might happen that morning. Brian didn't have to wait long as Ricky finished with Todd's legs and wrapped his hand around Todd's erection. Brian continued to watch them as Ricky gave Todd a hand job. Ricky dropped his shorts so that he too was naked and his erection was also visible. The contrast between the wrestler and the trainer was stark. Both were well tanned except for the tan lines from their bathing suits; however Ricky was slender and effeminate looking compared to the chiseled Todd.

At 5'6" tall Rocky could not have weighed more than 150 pounds. His legs were shapely like a girls and he had a very nice round ass. Brian wondered how many cocks may have made their way into that curvy bottom. Both young men were juniors at the college and it was their third year with the wrestling team. Ricky stroked Todd's cock for awhile longer and then he bent over and took the impressive cock in his mouth. From what Brian could see, Todd was above average in size and Ricky was just about average.

As Ricky sucked on Todd's dick he pushed his shorts down and stroked his cock. Brian was intrigued as he had never witnessed gay sex before. What really caught his eye though was Ricky's perfect ass. It was round shapely and hairless. The skin was flawless and Brian thought that many a girl would kill for an ass like that. Ricky worked his shorts all the way down his legs and stepped out of them while he continued to suck Todd's cock. Brian then saw Ricky take the massage lotion and lubricate his ass. Brian got excited as he anticipated seeing Ricky's lovely ass getting fucked.

Brian was a big fan of anal sex and many a coed had dropped their panties for him in his office. He loved seeing the willing girls bend over and take his impressive cock in their tight shapely asses. There were only two positions he liked for anal sex, the doggy style and spoon position. His preference was the doggy style so he could watch his cock slide in and out between the curvy buttocks. The spoon was his second choice as he liked feeling the soft bottoms against his body. He also liked fondling a breast and diddling a clit while he butt-fucked the girls.

Brian also had become a fan of anal porno particularly the European web sites. He was always amazed that such beautiful women would do the things they do in movies. He loved to watch the beauties take a big dick in their ass but only in the positions he liked. He never got the purpose of anal when it was the missionary position or when the woman was riding a cock. As a guy if he couldn't see the penetration or feel the shapely buttocks against him, there was no point in anal. 

His thoughts were interrupted when he saw Ricky get up on the massage table and get on all fours. Todd got behind Ricky and eased his above average cock into the receptive rectum. He moved slowly at first and then picked up the pace. Soon Todd was hammering away at Ricky's ass and Brian could hear their flesh slapping together. Brian suddenly realized that he had a boner in his pants. That surprised him as he never thought that he would get turned on watching two guys have sex. 

As he watched the two young men go at it, he found he was attracted to Ricky's curvy ass. From his vantage point he could not see Ricky's cock and balls and he looked very much like a girl getting fucked in the ass. Brian was close to taking his cock out and jerking off when Todd pulled out of Ricky and aimed his cock at the nether hole. Todd shot a forceful load onto to Ricky's anus and then several other streams landed on the trainer's buttocks.

Todd next took his dick and moved it around gathering some of his semen on the cock head. He put his cock back into Ricky's ass pushing some of his seed with it. Todd resumed fucking Ricky and at that point Ricky was frantically jerking off. Brian waited until Ricky ejaculated and watched as he shot gobs onto the massage table. At that point Brian returned to his office with the image still imbedded in his mind. He wondered who else on the wresting team might be fucking Ricky.

Curiosity got the best of Brian that day and he spent an hour looking at porno clips on his lap top. He found a gay site that had only young guys having sex and one site got his attention. The site was called Tops and their Bottoms. He watched several scenes on that site and learned that the guys doing the fucking were bisexual as all they did was fuck the bottoms. Brian was intrigued by the site and book marked it for future reference. He then assumed that Todd was a top and Ricky was the bottom. How many other guys did Ricky bottom for? Brian would soon find out.

COACH WILSON'S VOYEURISM CONTINUES

One day after wrestling practice Connor decided to stay afterward and use the weight room. He never expected to witness what he did much less participate. Coach Wilson noticed Connor working out in the weight room and then he went to his office to get a few things done before her left for home. Connor was in a weight class one higher than Todd and they were good friends. He did not know that Todd was still in the gym until he went to take a leak. Connor never expected to see the scene before his eyes. There was Todd with his shorts and jock down around his ankles with Ricky sucking on Todd's large cock. Todd spotted Connor standing there. 

"Hey Connor, come in, this guy is a great cock sucker," Todd called out.

Connor stood mesmerized by the scene. He and Todd both had girlfriends and at times they double dated but here was Todd letting a guy suck is cock. Connor remained still and watched until Todd announced he was cumming and released his load in Ricky's mouth. Connor was surprised that Ricky never removed his mouth and swallowed the entire load. Connor's girlfriend would never let him cum in her mouth and he knew that Todd's girl didn't either.

"I'm going to fuck you now," Todd announced.

"Yes, I like that," Ricky admitted.

"I'm going to fuck your ass next while you give my buddy Connor a great blow job. Get the lube and let's go to the mats." 

Ricky stood up and retrieved some lotion from the cabinet and they went to the mats. "Take off all your clothes," Todd ordered.

Ricky did as he was told and stripped naked. Todd cupped on of Ricky's buttocks and announced, "Nice ass, really nice ass."

Ricky got down on all fours and Todd began lubricating his anus. Todd applied an ample amount of lotion to his cock too. Satisfied that Ricky was well greased, Todd added saliva to his lotion covered cock making it very slick and then he eased it into Ricky's shapely ass. "Connor, get in front of him and let him suck your cock. I'm telling you this guy is good."

As if in a trance Connor moved in front of Ricky. He apprehensively dropped his shorts and jock. Ricky took the semi-hard cock in his mouth and his talents removed any apprehension that Connor had at that time. In less than a minute Connor was fully erect and he was enjoying the blow job even though it was his first time with a guy. Connor's cock was close to the size of Todd's and Ricky loved sucking it. 

At that moment with the three students having sex in the wrestling room, Brian Wilson was leaving his office to head room. He did one more check of the area before he left and that's when he spotted the two wrestlers and the trainer. Brian was surprised but not shocked this time as he observed the gay sex. Watching the three young men reminded him of a scene in the gay porn he watched the other day.

Brian watched from his vantage point as Ricky gave Connor one of the best blow jobs that Ricky had ever received. Connor continued to watch Todd fuck Ricky as his cock was sucked by the pretty trainer. Connor's release snuck up on him but he still had time to warn Ricky that he was about to cum. Ricky ignored the warning and kept the cock in his mouth as Connor ejaculated. Only a few girls had ever let him cum in their mouths and now he was cumming in Ricky's mouth.

Ricky drank down every drop of Connor's load and he kept Connor hard in the process. He was nibbling on the mushroom head but the sensation became too intense for Connor so he stepped back but he continued to watch Todd fuck the trainer. "Okay here it cums," Todd announced as he thrust his cock all the way in. Todd stayed pressed against Ricky's buttocks and it was obvious to Connor and Coach Wilson that Ricky was using his sphincter to drain Todd's cock. Todd eased his cock out of Ricky's ass and let it rest between the buttocks. Connor backed up, pulling up his shorts in the process. 

"He does have a great looking ass, doesn't he?" Todd offered.

"That he does, one that any girl would be happy with," Connor agreed.

"You should fuck him. I know that you will like it."

"I don't know. It took all my nerve to let him blow me."

"He does give great head doesn't he? I knew you would enjoy it."

"Yes, he is very good."

Coach Wilson couldn't believe that his two wrestlers were discussing Ricky's sexual talents openly.

"Connor would you like to fuck me? Would you like to stick your big thick cock in my ass?" Ricky asked sexily. 

"I don't know, I've never done that," Connor admitted shyly.

"Haven't you ever fucked a girl in the ass?"

"Yes, a girl but never a guy."

"Trust me it's the same. You'll love it," Ricky said convincingly.

Ricky's 6" erect dick wavered in the air. He knelt on the mat and raised his ass in the air. Connor looked at him in this position and decided that he looked just like a girl with his smooth hairless body and his great looking bubble butt. Ricky prepared his asshole with the lube. Connor then made up his mind to fuck Ricky so he stripped of his clothes too. Coach Wilson stood by and watched as his trainer prepared to accept another impressive cock in his sweet curvy bottom.

"Here put this on your cock too," Ricky whispered handing Connor the lube.

Connor took the lube and applied a generous amount to his own cock. Connor knelt behind Ricky and stared at the incredible ass that he was about to fuck. He hadn't fucked an ass since his sophomore year college and his current girl friend was not into anal. So now he was about to fuck a guy. Connor coated his dick making very slippery and then he eased into Ricky's asshole. 

Connor was gentle with him allowing Ricky to adjust to the size of his cock. Soon he was buried to the hilt in Ricky's ass and he fucked the young man royally. Connor held on to the pretty twin cheeks of Ricky's ass as he fucked him thoroughly. Ricky couldn't believe how full he felt with Connor's impressive dick in his ass. Ricky felt Connor tense and then fill his ass with cum. Connor continued to fuck Ricky's ass as cum backed out of Ricky's asshole and ran down over Ricky's balls. Ricky fired a blast of cum onto the mat this time without ever even touching his own cock. Connor eased his soft cock out of Ricky's ass and the two of them then flopped down on the mat and relaxed. 

Todd had stood by and stroked his cock as he watched. When Ricky spotted Todd he rolled over and got on all fours with his curvy bubble butt stuck up in the air. Coach Wilson felt his cock twitch as he looked at Ricky's hot ass. Ricky's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. He really did look like a girl in this position.

"Todd, I would like you to fuck me again," he said in a sultry voice. "You would like to fuck me again wouldn't you?" he asked.

Todd's cock hardened as he approached the trainer. He knelt behind Ricky and began to caress Ricky's beautiful ass. Ricky handed Todd the lube and asked Todd to get his ass ready again. Todd put an ample amount of lotion in his hands and rubbed it all around Ricky's bung hole. Then Todd inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing Ricky's ass for another ass fuck. Todd sawed his fingers in and out of Ricky's anus and Todd was turned on by the thought of burying his cock in Ricky's shapely ass one more time. Todd moved closer to Ricky and lined up the head of his cock with Ricky's anal opening. Todd eased his big dick into Ricky's ass.

Coach Wilson heard Ricky remind Todd, "Not too deep at first, then deeper."

Todd spat on his hand and rubbed his saliva all over his cock which made it very slick when combined with the lotion. Todd's cock head cleared the sphincter and he fed it to Ricky a little at a time. Ricky's ass chute was warm and tight as Todd went deeper and deeper into him. Soon he was all the way in Ricky's ass and he started a slow fucking motion. Todd continued to pump Ricky's ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts. Todd caressed Ricky's smooth round ass as he fucked it.

Ricky asked Todd to fuck him harder and quicker. So Todd picked up the pace and he pounded Ricky's ass faster and faster. Todd's balls started bouncing off of Ricky's balls and Ricky moaned with each thrust of Todd's cock. Todd could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed in Ricky's ass. Todd tried to make it last as long as possible but once Ricky contracted his anal muscles Todd lost it.

Todd fired a barrage of cum in Ricky's ass filling it to overflowing. Todd couldn't remember when he came so much. As Todd continued to fuck, his seed backed up in Ricky's rectum and oozed out flowing over Ricky's balls. Ricky used his talented anal muscles to milk Todd's cock and drained it dry. Ricky's milking action weakened Todd and sent tingles through his body. Todd pulled out of Ricky and collapsed on the bed next to him.

Ricky rolled over on his back and jerked off. Todd watched as Ricky stroked his cock. Ricky fired a round of spunk into the air. The first blast landed on Ricky's face, neck and chest. The remainder of his load landed on his abs and pooled around his pubes. They both looked up and saw Connor standing there watching them.

"We need to get going Todd," Connor stated. 

"Oh shit, yeah you guys need to leave. I need to clean up and lock up the gym," Ricky said as he jumped up. "We should do this again. I like two cocks at once." 

"Definitely," Todd replied as he got dressed.

Coach Wilson quietly left the building while the three young men cleaned up and got dressed. As he drove home he decided that he needed to fuck a sweet ass that week. His wife was not into anal so he would have to rely on one of the coeds. He thought about Ricky and his sweet ass but he was concerned that it would be risky to fuck the effeminate trainer. 

COACH SPIES ON RICKY AGAIN

The next time Coach Wilson spied on him, Ricky was with another wrestler named Carey. They were in the training room and Ricky was on his knees in front of Carey. There were other wrestlers still training on the mats and weight room but Carey and Ricky seemed oblivious to them. Coach Wilson watched intently as the trainer and wrestler got it on. 

Ricky was on his knees and his face level with Carey's cock. Carey pulled Ricky's head toward the erect cock and Ricky instinctively took it in his mouth. Ricky liked the feel of the hard shaft in his mouth and he sucked on it tenderly. Carey's cock was about the same as Todd's in length about 7" and girth more than 4" around. Carey guided Ricky's head back and forth. Ricky bobbed his head up and down on Carey's cock until Carey stiffened and fired a barrage of cum into Ricky's mouth. Ricky instinctively swallowed the first jet of cum that hit the back of his throat and then he continued to swallow each additional volley.

Ricky was hard again and he hoped that Carey would jerk him off. But Carey surprised Ricky when he turned him around to face away from him. Carey then reached under Ricky and cupped his balls and stroked his cock. Ricky groaned as his scrotum was fondled. Ricky felt the cool liquid enter his asshole and it stimulated his anus. Carey then stood up and coated his cock with the same lubricant. Carey pushed Ricky over slightly as he lined his cock up with Ricky's asshole. When Ricky felt the cock at the entrance to his ass he panicked briefly because of the other wrestlers still at practice. He wanted Carey to fuck him but he didn't want to get caught. 

Carey pushed his cock into Ricky's ass and Ricky almost screamed out with pleasure. Ricky muffled his moans with his arm as he was afraid that any noise would draw too much attention. Ricky was afraid of getting caught naked with another student. Carey worked his cock into Ricky's ass and began to saw his cock in and out of Ricky's ass.

Ricky's ass was tight and Carey did not last long even though it was his second ejaculation. Ricky felt Carey stiffen and hold onto his hips. Carey plunged his cock all the way into Ricky's ass and then he unleashed a torrent of cum into the boy's asshole. Ricky felt Carey's seed flood his ass and he found himself instinctively using his anal muscles to milk Carey's cock dry. Ricky liked the feeling of cum filling his asshole. Coach Wilson was still watching when it became obvious that Carey had cum. The Coach had a woody in his pants and once again he was tempted to free it and jerk off.

"Who do we have here today Carey?" a voice suddenly asked.

Ricky recognized Ron's voice and he panicked. However more of the wrestling team came into the training room and Ricky sensed that he was in for a long session. Another body then moved in behind Ricky and he felt another cock slide into his ass. The boy behind him pushed Ricky over slightly so that he was bent over. The boy Robby fucking Ricky this time wasn't as large as Carey and his cock slid in easily. Ricky was groaning as his ass was fucked and he stroked his cock. Another wrestler Sam turned Ricky's head to side and offered him another cock. Now Ricky was getting fucked as he sucked a cock while his own cock was being stroked. The three of them kept at one another until they all came. The guy in Ricky's ass came first which triggered Ricky's ejaculation. As Ricky was cumming his own mouth was flooded by the other cock. 

Coach watched as the three of them uncoupled and then Ricky was pushed to the floor and placed on all fours. Another cock entered his ass and yet another one filled his mouth. For the next several hours Ricky sucked cocks and was butt fucked repeatedly. Every once in a while someone would stroke Ricky's cock too. It went on for nearly an hour and by the time the wrestlers left the training room; Ricky had sucked every cock and taken each one in his ass. He was cum filled and exhausted and barely able to make his way to the showers. 

Coach Wilson was tempted to join Ricky in the showers since the team had left but once again thought better of it. Still he thought it would be nice to stick his cock in the young effeminate ass. Coach returned to his office and Ricky finished his shower. Ricky straightened up the locker room and then went to leave. He saw the coach in his office and waved goodbye to him. Coach Wilson waved back and once again he was tempted to summon the cute trainer to his office but didn't.
