 My well lubed bunghole was an inch from the head of my 9.5x5.5" silicone toy and I would literally collapse onto it as forced it's way deep into my body. Pleasure would ripple through me causing my nipples to become hard. I would ride it's length with abandon, drops of perspiration ran down the small of my back as I fucked it to a state of breathlessness. My balls began to tighten up, and I could feel my molten cum rising in my shaft. I quickly drained my swollen balls of their milky seed into my overflowing hand. In the end as I fell back against my toy, its head buried deep in my abdomen, I would raise my hand several inches above my mouth and let my milky spunk spill across my lips and tongue, while I thought of a well oiled stud holding the back of my head and shooting his sticky load forcefully across my willing tongue. Oooh...... All that week at work I found myself rolling paper into tubes 6.5" thick and fantasizing about the weekend. I even began trying to throat my dildo to get used to him in my mouth. I fantasized his fleshy member, glistening in the light with beads of saliva dripping from its length and gliding rhythmically between my moist lips.

I was clean shaven, showered, and ready for some heavy duty butt fucking. I slipped a well lubed plug up my tight ass prior to leaving the house. Tension was building so I was in for a wild fuck. I arrived at his house just before 8pm, and with a large hesitation and a heart beating uncontrollably, I rang his buzzer.

Mike was the man to fuck me tonight. He came down the stairs and my image of him didn't let me down. Dressed in only a pair of running shorts, his body was that of an Adonis. His dark features, strong chin, and well muscled chest were to die for, and as he approached me to open the door all I could think about was running my fingers through his thick chest hair as his powerful hips thrust into me. Mike invited me in to get to know each other better and we spent quite a while on the couch downstairs talking about various things as I took in the view. I must have been quite obvious (coupled with the fact we had previously discussed the game plan) in my lust for Mike's body as he stood up and placed his drink on the coffee table. Mike turned to me and slipped out his shorts in one fluid motion allowing them to fall to his ankles. His growing cock began to rise from a thick nest of black pubic hair as he looked to me and asked if we could discuss his problem. I leaned forward and began to stroke his cock as I licked and kissed his stomach and legs. His member was getting harder now as I dropped to my knees and took its swollen plum shaped head between my lips and began to suck its length. Mike groaned as my tempo began to increase, and I could taste a momentary hint of precum after several minutes. Drops of saliva ran down his thickly veined shaft as I plunged him deeper and deeper into my willing throat. I worked his cock well as Mikes skin glistened with sweat from his excitement. It seemed Mike was going to shoot the goo, when he suddenly pulled his blood engorged member from my lips with a smile, leaving me still with several strands of thick precum dangling like spiders silk, connecting the head of his mammoth cock to my mouth. I looked up with momentary disappointment as it seemed to me if I could get him off now, he could fuck that much longer, and then cum in my mouth a second time. Mike motioned me to the bed....

I was wearing shorts and a T-shirt, and before I reached the bed Mike began to slip my shorts off. I reached down and tore my T-shirt from my chest leaving me naked in Mike's bedroom with a raging hard on. I climbed into Mike's bed and as he was lubing his tool I slipped the oiled plug from my ass. Mike was gorgeous with his full 8.5 inches dangling just a few feet from my face as he climbed into bed and folded my legs back against my chest. Mike climbed on top of me and positioned his tool an inch or so from my quivering young hole. I looked up at him as I guided his enormous cock to my hole, and as I worked it gently back and forth to relax me, he leaned over and kissed me, forcing his hot tongue deep into my mouth. I couldn't take it anymore and winced slightly as I gave up and allowed his full length passage into my body. He moaned loudly as I took him into my tight warm ass to its hilt, and Mike began to pump deeper and deeper into me as I relaxed. Mike was over me, head back-eyes closed, as he fucked me. I couldn't help but lean up and lick his hardened nipples. His cock slammed into me, as my buttocks began to produce an audible slap from our two sweaty bodies colliding on each stroke. I rode him like a pro as he fucked me feverishly, and I could begin to feel my legs going numb from the punishment. I was all over the bed, in a sexual ecstasy, half out of it with pleasure as he continued to try to split me in half. Mike eventually began to slow his pace a little, and rolled me onto my stomach....

Mike began to fuck me from behind, allowing deep full strokes from his meaty tool. We were going at it so hard, I'm surprised the combination of moaning and wet slapping flesh didn't wake the neighbors. Mike grabbed a hunk of hair, as if to dominate me and rode me for all I was worth as I suppressed my screams with a pillow. Oh god, just when I though I couldn't go another second Mike stopped and pulled out and threw me onto my back, leaving me a breathless and sore. 

Mike's cock was swollen and thick now, as he signaled he was ready to cum in my mouth. I propped my head up with several pillows and allowed Mike to straddle my chest. I noticed a thick drop of precum oozing from the head of his cock and licked it off prior to taking him in. Mike was ready okay, I'm just not sure I was!. Several strokes into my mouth was all that was necessary to paint my face. Drops of precum oozed from his cock, and as his head fell back in a long guttural moan he gave two quick strokes to his cock causing several thick blasts of molten cum to explode across my tongue. As gobs of his sticky jism shot from the head of his cock I could taste his salty protein coating my teeth and tongue. It continued for a moment to spill from his turgid member as small pools of goo formed a perfect pearl necklace on my neck. I licked the strings of cum from the tip of his cock, and cleaned his cock dry with my tongue as he handed me a towel to clean up.