 ~*~*~*~*~*~*~A Mole Goes Down~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Prince Mohammed Abdullah Farouk Hussein Ali was the eldest son and direct decent of the Mohammed Ali Pasha Dynasty that ruled over Egypt from 1808 until 1848. Throughout the generations Abdullah's family retained its monarchal titles, and at his birth his father held him high in the air and prayed to Allah that this will be the son that would lead their people. Now at fifty-three Abdullah felt he was finally on the verge of recognizing his, and his family's, lifelong dream - to unify all Arab nations under one rule and establishing the first modern day Arab Monarchy with him as king of all the Arab people throughout the world.

Throughout his life Abdullah considered himself a moral man. He spent the first part of his life obeying and following the laws of Islam to the point that he felt he might be better suited to a life as imam khatib, an Islamic teacher and spiritual leader but he knew that he was above that. Deep in his heart he knew Allah put him on this earth for a higher calling. 

He knew what his responsibilities were as the first born son of his generation and accepted them with the honor befitting his title of Prince. He was betrothed at age four and married his first wife at sixteen and in each successive year he took his second, third and fourth wife. 

By the time he was thirty he had ten sons and by the time he was forty he had twenty-two sons. There were a few daughters in the mix as well, but he never saw them or bothered to acknowledge their existence. To him the girls were bartering tools, to be wed off in business deals or to the highest bidders. It was the sons, especially the first born, that Allah shined down on and coveted.

To all outward appearances Prince Abdullah was a shining example of a devout Muslim who exemplified the idyllic person that could unify and lead his people. There was, however, another side to Abdullah, the side which only a few trusted people knew. The man who loved Allah with an open passion also went against his written word by enjoying the comforts of other men. 

He was in his mid twenties the summer that he and Al, a lifelong friend, discovered the enjoyment that only another man could provide. Neither of them knew what made that summer different. Perhaps it was the compared realization that neither of them were getting the passion they each felt they deserved from their marriages or maybe it was just that the moon and sun had aligned perfectly allowing them to let their guard down. 

Al's wife never traveled with her husband. Their marriage was marriage in name only and they mated for the purpose of having children alone, of which she had given him two sons. Their families, like most upper crust Muslim families betrothed them before they were even out of diapers and like Abdullah they were married in late teens. 

Abdullah's wives, all heavy with pregnancies, didn't join them that summer. Abdullah didn't mind not having his family with him. Other than his obligation to procreate, he rarely spent time with his wives. His tolerance for his children, other than his first born son, was limited to an occasional visit. It was the woman's responsibility to raise the children. He had done his part by bedding the women and planting his seed.

Al and Lolly, the nickname Al had given Abdullah years earlier, had spent the evening gambling and smoking hashish with a group of their friends from their university days. They stumbled back to Lolly's room well after four in the morning and fell across the bed like in their school boy days.

"That was fun. It's nice to shirk being an adult sometimes." Lolly panted still laughing from the effect of the smoke.

"Yes...I know. I plan on being the youngest General our military has ever had. I have to be so abiding to everyone that it's nice to just let loose every now and then." Al said rolling on his side and staring at Lolly. 

Al had known from the day he and Lolly became roommates at the exclusive private school they had attended as young boys that he had feelings for Lolly that he wasn't supposed to have. For all the years they were together he kept them well hidden but suddenly, laying on the bed next to him he suddenly realized that he couldn't hide them anymore.

"Do you feel it?" Lolly asked a moment later still caught in Al's gaze. Silently Al nodded. "Do you want...to?" Lolly had also fought the urges to experience a man for too long but now here was the man he trusted more than anyone on this earth starring at him hopefully thinking the same thing. Again, silently Al nodded as he moved closer to Lolly. 

Al cupped Lolly's head between his large hands and drew him closer to him. Lolly's body seemed to sag against his, finding solace and relaxation for the first time in his life. Leaning into him, Al kissed Lolly's lips softly waiting for a beat for Lolly to open his mouth to him. When he did they shared their first man-kiss with a deep, heart pounding moan that seemed to echo around the room. 

It was the first time Lolly had ever kissed anyone.

He had never kissed anyone of his wives. They were simply instruments to him. He fucked them to get them have pregnant. He neither loved them nor loathed them. He had it down to a science with a team of advisers that told him when his wives were most fertile. From there he simply went to their bedroom, lifted their nightgowns just far enough to expose their womanhood and would enter them until he reached orgasm. It was always the same for him, he never deviated, never stopped to speak with them and never once bothered to ask them how they were, if they needed anything or were they happy. He simply didn't care.

Once they became pregnant he never went to their bed again until three months after the child was born and he would begin the process over again. His obligation to them would last until they could no longer conceive at which time he would no longer put himself through the indignity of bedding them again.

"Oh yes," he moaned into Al's mouth, "more...please I want more of this." 

Their hands began the exploration of each other, touched and taking piece after piece of clothing from each other until they were naked. Facing each other, on their knees on the bed, chest to chest, cock to cock they wrapped their arms around each other and held their shaking bodies. 

Finally Al's hand drifted down to Lolly's cock at the same moment that Lolly's went to his. The room was eerily quiet as they stroked each other - both enjoying the first time feeling of another man's hands. 

"You are so beautiful" Al exclaimed running his hands over Lolly's thick hard cock. "I remember at school. I would listen to you at night when you satisfied yourself. So many times I wanted to come to your bed and be with you."

"We wasted too many years..." Lolly sighed, kissing Al again. He liked the feel of a man's tongue in his mouth, it was so heady and filled him with an arousal he had never had before. 

"I want to feel you in my mouth. It has been a dream of mine for so long." Al's said pushing Lolly lightly down to the bed.

"Me too..." He cried the moment he felt Al between his legs. They rolled on their sides, heads to feet, and at the same time starting sucking on the other's cock. They took their time, exploring each other with their mouths, their tongues and their hands. Lolly loved the feel of Al's cock sliding down his throat and was rewarded quickly with a mouth full of cum that he happily lapped up only to want more.

They spent the summer exploring their sexuality with each other. There wasn't a night that went by that they weren't together. Lolly's cock found its way to Al's ass first and for the first time in his life he took pleasure in being with another person. When Al took Lolly's virginity he knew that he would never desire a woman again. He had found his nirvana and although he felt a mild conflict within him for going against Allah's words he felt that how can something so good be considered wrong. 

They remained lovers for over thirty years. On the outside Abdullah maintained his marriages and gave Allah over thirty children to guide, but in the privacy of his chambers he preferred the company of men. Over the years, with the help of his manservant Fazil, he built a comfortable stable of men that satisfied his every need.

As his appreciation for men grew so did his sexual tastes. Al was his lover, the man with whom he shared the real passion of sex but they weren't together all the time and he had his needs. With the help of his most trusted servant he grew his stable of men. His was scrupulous about the men, they all had to be of legal age and they all had to be strikingly different - he even preferred them to be non-Muslim, out of respect to Allah that he wasn't defiling one of his children. His favorites were the Asian men that came to his stable. He loved their smaller frames and the innocent looks about them. They also had to be virgins. He loved taking a man for the first time, feeling their tight ass against his cock. A virgin also meant that they were totally his, for however long he kept them.

Normally there were always eight to ten men in residence whose only purpose was to serve Abdullah but on occasion, if he was entertaining men with like desires the stable would expand. As long as the men satisfied their master they lived in the lap of luxury in a wing of the palace that connected to Abdullah's chambers. Although they were restricted in their movements on the outside they were pampered and waited on hand and foot by other men that hoped that one day the prince would choose them to be of his flock. The only caveat to the prince's stable was that his men were forbidden to have sex with anyone but him. The price for disobedience to this rule was castration and banishment from the palace. 

Within his stable Abdullah had different men to serve his every need. He had his morning man that would come to his bed every morning to give him his first orgasm of the day. The man, who had been with Abdullah for close to ten years, was an expert at fellatio and had trained himself to take Abdullah's full length deep in his mouth. He was the oldest member of the stable and treated with the greatest respect from the other members. At forty plus years old Bashir was the oldest member of the stable but Abdullah would never let him go. He was a pretty man, with dark eyes and a pouty mouth that loved to suck cock and was a favorite at the yearly get together in Dubai, spending most of his time on his knees pleasing the twenty plus men that always gathered. Even the men looked forward to one of Bashir's special blow jobs and he was always tipped handsomely for the pleasure he brought everyone.

The other men in the stable were younger. They normally lasted one to two years until Abdullah tired of them. He didn't share a passion for these men. They were merely instruments for his satisfaction. Brutality crept into his life soon enough and he loved putting the men through the most sadistic of punishments to see if they could tolerate it. He loved cock and ball torture and discovered that sometimes the screams of the boys could drive him to an exhilarating orgasm. His sadism was more rampant on nights he had to go to one of his wives chambers to fulfill his duty to Allah. Afterwards, in the comfort of his room or the sexual playroom he had built, he took his anxieties out from having to fuck a woman on his men to help with the repugnance he always felt.

All of that changed, however, the weekend he spent in Dubai with Al and met Ivan for the first time.

*

Abdullah brought the cane harshly down across the young man's buttocks at the same time he tried to shove more of his thick cock into boy's mouth. The young man, an Asian boy that spoke relatively little Arabic was one the newest to come to the palace, tried in earnest to take more but the pain from the cane, the silent threat that he couldn't cry out from the pain, and the tears that wouldn't stop falling only caused him to fail more. 

Abdullah felt the steaming tears falling against his skin which only fueled him to punish the reprobate more. Over and over again he viciously brought the cane down across the young man's ass. The saddest part of the whole thing was that the cock sucking or the caning wasn't doing anything to make him want to cum, it was just merely a diversion. He had been plagued by this lack of desire for anyone else the moment Ivan Sergovei sunk his beautiful cock into his ass six months earlier.

He cursed every day that had passed since that weekend in Dubai when he met Ivan Sergovei even though every morning when the sun came up so did his desire to possess him. It saddened him that Al, with his brave front, could never admit the depth of feeling he had for Ivan, but Abdullah knew. 

He knew this only because he felt the same way.

The years of secret passion that he had with Al was now faked and forced since Al had taken Ivan as his live in lover - something neither of them had ever done before. Instead of being the center of attention, something Abdullah was used to, Al's attention constantly drifted to Ivan. It had been five months since Al and Abdullah had seen each other before the Dubai weekend. Abdullah was excited at seeing his long time lover but from the moment he laid eyes on him he knew he had lost Al. It was a unique feeling, a first time experience, the stabbing jealousy that someone had stolen Al's focused adulation away. 

Not that he blamed him. Ivan was a spectacular man and probably the best sexual partner either of them had ever had. His uninhibited sexuality came naturally, something Abdullah found out after being alone with Ivan the first time. Never in his life had he felt so utterly satisfied by another human being. It was as if Allah had brought Ivan to him as reward for his interminable devotion.

Abdullah's belief ran so deeply that if Allah wanted him to have Ivan Sergovei then he was willing to move heaven and earth to get him.

Reality ripped Abdullah from his thoughts when the young man at his cock started choking again. Abdullah pushed him away, cursing him and told him to get on his hands and knees. If the degenerate couldn't suck him to orgasm he hoped that maybe fucking him would do the trick. At that point it was a matter of pride. It would bring him shame if he couldn't prove himself a man. 

"If one sound comes out of your mouth I will give you the worst beating of your life...then I will give you to the palace guards...they haven't had sex for many months and will be rougher with you than I have been. They will pass you around and your ass will be so full of sperm you will be shitting sperm for months to come." Abdullah had the young man by his hair and even though he knew the boy didn't understand everything he had just said, the explicit tone of his voice let him know the insinuation was there. Paled by the prince's actions the young man wiped the tears from his face and lowered his body on all fours and prepared himself for the next onslaught.

Abdullah spread the young man's ass and looked at the recent tattoo over the boy's anal opening. It was a small round royal seal marking him as property of the royal house. Abdullah grunted knowing that tomorrow the tattoo would be burned off and the urchin thrown by the wayside. Anyone that would ever touch him going forward would know that he had been kicked from the royal stable as an outcast. Abdullah fingered the boy's ass, fighting against his tight little hole. It was so small and like this young man's so unused. The boy's clenched hole tried in vain to fight the intrusion but Abdullah was persistent as he forcefully shoved his finger into the boy's bottom. 

Normally he liked the tightness of a virgin or near virgin ass but not today. He wanted Ivan's ass, the only ass he ever had that fit his cock perfectly. Reaching over to his side table he grabbed a bottle of lubricant and slathered it over his cock stroking himself hard, hoping that his hand could excite him enough to want to shoot a load. When he was finally hard enough he pulled his finger out and plunged his lubed cock into the young man's ass in one long stroke and held himself there until he felt the boy's ass relax enough that he could fuck him without it feeling like his cock was bound in a vice.

Abdullah closed his eyes and thought back to the first time he took Ivan. The three of them were resting up after having had an incredible three-way when Abdullah silently let Al know that it was time for him to leave the bedroom, he wanted to be alone with Ivan. Regardless of what Al thought or felt, Abdullah governed their relationship and always had the final word. Reluctantly Al got up from the bed indicating that Ivan should stay.

"Habeebee, you stay and get to know Lolly better. I need to exercise my cock again. It is expected of me. Relax and enjoy." Al leaned over and grazed his tongue over Ivan's lips and left the room.

"He cares for you." Abdullah announced trying to keep emotion out of his tone.

"He's a good man...but to be honest I think he cares more for you than he does me. There is such passion between the two of you."

"Sometimes when you are too close you can't see the real passion." Abdullah whispered turning on his side. He couldn't help but run his hands over Ivan's body, admiring how handsome and fine he was. Ivan hadn't made a move to touch him yet and Abdullah suspected that he was still unsure of everything that was going on.

"Does it bother you being with another man?" Abdullah asked. Ivan pondered the question for awhile then merely shrugged.

"I guess it should...and I think a part of me would be bothered if it was anyone other than you." He rolled over on his side facing Abdullah. "The connection you have with Al doesn't make it seem so 'cheap'."

"You are the farthest thing from cheap." Abdullah said. He leaned in to Ivan and ran his tongue over Ivan's lips exactly how Al had done moments earlier. "Al was your first?" 

"Yes and up until two hours ago the only man I had ever been with...but then I planted my cock in your ass...and loved the feeling of how tight and receptive you were to me."

"Men are such wondrous creatures. You can fuck a thousand women and they all blend into one but each man is so very different." Abdullah was playing with Ivan's nipples again. They were hard and pronounced and he loved how sensitive they were and how hard Ivan's cock got when he squeezed them tightly between his finger tips. "Tell me Ivan, what is your favorite position?"

Ivan opened his closed eyes and stared into Abdullah's. There were such differences between Al and Abdullah. Al was his job. He enjoyed the sex with Al and was grateful that he was as attractive as he was. It made things so much easier. Now he was starring in another man's eyes and he found himself wanting him...not for the job, but to be with a man because he desired him.

"I enjoy when Al sits, either on the bed or in a chair and I straddle him. It's so deep that way...and there is so much intimacy being chest-to-chest." Ivan said touching Abdullah's chest for the first time.

"Would you like me to take you that way?" Abdullah's cock was throbbing from Ivan touch.

"I want you to decide which way you want me." Ivan moved closer and nuzzled his head against Abdullah's chest breathing in his essence. "Mmmm...you smell good...Patchouli right?"

Abdullah pulled Ivan into his arm grasping his head between his hands. His eyes bore into Ivan, searching for something...something he didn't quite understand. He felt he needed to say something but he couldn't find the words. It was Ivan that finally broke the moment when he parted his lips and let his tongue slowly run over his upper lip. 

"Oh yes," Abdullah moaned mimicking Ivan's action over his own lips. "I want to kiss you."
