 To understand how we got to this point please read Part One.




Paul and Janet will tell their experiences, as the story progresses.

We lay in bed discussing our night of hot sex with our new found, hot black couple.

"Honey, he got me off twice and he hasn't had that big black cock in my pussy yet. I hope I can handle that thing. I have to have it, baby, I just have to."

"Looks like you are becoming a slut for black cock."

"I wouldn't go that far. Besides you seem to be enjoying those black pussy."

"Guilty as charged. I'm looking forward to the rest of the weekend."

"Me too. Now lets shower and get something to eat. I'm famished."

Janet had brought a denim skirt that comes to mid thigh and a sleeveless, button front blouse to wear on Saturday. The skirt was tight enough to show off the curve of her tight ass and between the figure hugging tightness of the blouse and the first two buttons undone, her creamy breasts were mostly exposed and hard, little nipples just looking for attention, through the summer weight material.

"Good morning, sleepy heads. Let's go to brunch and then come back and take up where we left off, last night."

James and Sonja were dressed and ready to go. 

"Damn Sonja, looking sexy as always this morning." She was wearing a low cut pullover blouse with a cowl neck that showed a goodly amount of cleavage. She was wearing a pushup bra, but it had to be sheer, as her grape size nipples were sticking out like stubby little fingers. She also had a tight skirt that came to mid thigh.

James was talking softly to Janet while rubbing her ass, through her skirt. He laughed and slapped it, causing her to shriek.

I had my arm around Sonja, rubbing her ass also, as we walked out the door. 

On the drive back to the house, James asked me of I had given any thought to what we had talked about.

I knew that he was referring to him and I having sex. I told him I hadn't. 

He said, "Well, you need to. Take a look behind you."

Sonja and Janet were making out like a couple teenagers in heat. Both had their skirts pulled up and were fingering one another, around the crotch of their thongs. 


Paul-

"Looks like we have a couple pussy hounds for wives, doesn't it."



"Yep, so what do you think. You know you are curious to see what my black cock is like."

I didn't say anything but was beginning to wonder, as I had a friend in the Navy, who liked to suck black cock and had said that if a white guy was gonna play with another guy, let him be big and black.

When we got back to the house, our wives went directly to the master bedroom and closed the door.

"Guess it is just you and me for the rest of the day, Paul. Come on let me break you in right."

We went into his man cave and he put on a porno tape of a big black guy being serviced by a white dude.

"A great training film for a dude to become a big black cock sucker."

As we watched I could feel my cock start to harden in my pants and my heart start to beat a little faster. James came over and sat by me, rubbing his big cock through his pants.

He slouched down some with his legs wide spread. I could tell his cock was beginning to become erect.

"Get down between my knees and take my cock out."

I knelt between his legs and opened his pants, he had gone commando this morning, reached in and pulled his black cock out. It was getting harder all the time and heavy.
He lifted his ass off the couch and pulled his pants down past his ass so I could take them the rest of the way off.

When I looked back up, he had that big black rod in his hands, stroking it. I just stared at it, lustfully. I did want to try this.

"Take it and hold it, you know you want to."

I couldn't help myself, I took that hard, hot, heavy and extremely thick black cock in my hand and slowly stroked it. It was 8" long and as thick as a Red Bull can. I had to have it.

"Suck it, take that big black cock in your mouth and suck it."

The girth of it had me opening my mouth to the max. I got the head in and sealed my lips behind it. The head was smaller around than the shaft, which made taking my first cock a lot easier. 

"Watch the teeth as you take more of it. Keep your tongue under it and work it along my cock. By the time I am ready to give you my load of black cum, you will be well on your way to being a world class cocksucker."

James gently shoved my face further onto his hefty black cock. About 4 inches was about all I could take till I started gagging.

He let me up and told me to take a deep breath before it hit the top of my throat, let it out and he would do the rest. 

"When you are at your gag reflex, start breathing through your throat as I push you down on it and try to relax your throat. When it starts down your gullet, keep breathing through your nose and start swallowing."

I took him back into my mouth and started to suck him and draw more of his thick black cock into my mouth. When I had about 4 inches in, he took my head and with steady, slow pressure, worked the head against my throat opening. I had taken the big breath and it out and was now starting to breath through my nose. I felt the head open up my throat, I felt like gagging, but took another breathe through my nose and swallowed. 

Oh my god, about two more inches buried itself in my throat and he forced some more down and stopped and held pressure on my head so I couldn't back off that throbbing manmeat.

He reached down with his other hand and was massaging my throat.

I was running out of breath and getting light headed. He pulled back enough to let me take one big breath and he shoved it down my throat again.

"Relax and breath through your nose. I am gonna fuck your throat now. I am going to make you a deepthroating cock sucker"

He fucked my throat for about 5 minutes, until I felt his thick cock, swell to a greater girth and he came down my throat, pulling out until just the head was in my mouth. His sperm continued to shoot. I coughed and cum shot out my nose and from my mouth. I thought I may drown on it.

He pushed my off his spent cock, still leaking the last vestiges of his orgasm. 

He now hung flaccid. He stood over me, still stroking it and a couple more drops fell onto my face. This was my first taste of cum but will not be the last. I liked it.

"Get up here and clean me up. Put that tongue to work on my big black cock."

After I did as he said, we both sat down on the couch. Our breathing back to normal.

"How did you like it?"

"I never thought I could do that but it wasn't bad. In fact, I was really getting into after I relaxed and figured out how to breath with your cockmeat in my throat. Wouldn't mind doing it again but it will never replace pussy."

Laughing, James said, "That's for damn sure. I was like you the first time. It gets easier each time and there are plenty of guys who will let you practice. The ones I know are all married and we get together once in awhile and take care of each other. You're going to be invited, that is for sure..

" I am not interested in being fucked in the ass, though. That just has no appeal to me at all."

"Me either. Giving or receiving. Lets get cleaned up. Sounds like the girls are still going at it."

Janet-

After our escapades in the car, I was ready for anything with Sonja. I wanted to find out what being with another woman was all about and I think Paul is going to find out what being with another man is all about.

After we got in the bedroom, Sonja pushed me down on the bed, climbed on top of me and started kissing me. In no time we were locked in a very passionate, tongue dueling kiss. I loved the taste and feel of her full lips. They were so soft. Not like a man's at all.

This could be really nice, I thought.

She rolled off of me and we got each other out of those sexy dresses. When I looked at that hot black body all I could concentrate on were her big tits. 

"Suck my nipples, suck as much of my tit into your mouth as you can." She lifted one big black tit with one hand and pushed my head down toward it, and fed it to me.

I opened my mouth as wide as I could and took a suction over one big areola and nipple.
A groan of pleasure escaped from her mouth as I sucked hard on it and flicked my tongue against her turgid nipple.

We repeated with the other tit. I had sucked so hard that the areola and nipple were sucked into a cone shape. I bit down on that missile shaped bud and she slapped me across the face. I couldn't help myself.

"Don't you ever do that again." She slapped the other side of my face. That one brought tears to my eyes. I just looked at her defiantly. 

"You want to play rough, bitch. I can play rough if that is what you want."

I leaned forward and smashed my lips against hers hard, held it for a couple seconds and backed away.

"I'll take that as a yes."

"Get on your knees, bitch. Look at me when I speak to you." I looked up at her. What had come over me.

At that moment I wanted this beautiful, black goddess to dominate me, to make me her slut.

Lifting one leg up on the bed, she grabbed me by my hair and shoved my face up into her hairy black pussy. Her black pussy was drenched and I could feel her heat against my face, as I was being fed my first pussy. 

I was able to just see her face from my position. She was looking down at me and whispered, "I knew you had it in you to be a cunt licker, so get at it."

She would screw my face into her gaping, sodden cunt. It had opened up enough for me to get my tongue buried in it and my mouth sucking out her nectar.

Her orgasm started to come over her as she face fucked me with that hairy cunt. 

She let out a deep throated howl as she flooded my face with her thick, succulent juices. 
It was so intense, I think that if she had not had my face plugging that big cunt, she would have squirted all over the place.

My face was dripping. I licked what was running down my face, as far as my tongue would reach.

"Clean my cunt out, bitch. Get your tongue in there and suck it dry."

After we recuperated, she helped me to my feet. Hugged my to her heavy tits and kissed me lightly and licked my face, tasting her own essence.

"My god Janet, I am so sorry. I have never done that to a woman before. But why did you bite down on me like that and take that shit from me.

"Sonja, I don't know what made me bite down on your nipple. Something came over me and I went with it. I did enjoy it, even the slaps to the face. I wanted to please you. I was happy to submit to you."

"Do you think you want to pursue that further?"

"I don't know. I just know I didn't mind what you did."

"Janet, I have often thought about dominating another woman and making her my bitch."

"You wanta be my bitch.?"

"Maybe. All I know is that right now all I want to do is please you."

"Well in that case, lay down on the bed with you legs open so I can get me a taste of some white pussy. I have been waiting for this for days."

Now my husband can really eat pussy. He never fails to bring me to at least one orgasm while doing so, BUT, Sonja has him beat by a mile. Guess a woman knows what another woman wants.

She had her tongue buried deep in my pussy, a finger tapping on my clit, making it enlarge more with each tap. I have never felt anything like that before. 

It took no more than five minutes until she had me writhing in a state of euphoria. My legs were wrapped around her body and she held my arms down by my sides. She was to strong for me to break away. 

"OOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHH, MY GAWD, UHHHHHHHHHHH, FUUUUUUUCK. I went off like a rocket. Slammed my spasming cunt into her face, gushing nectar through one raging orgasm after another.

I screamed one last time and collapsed. Everything went dark.

When I came to, Sonja was wiping my face with a wet cloth. 

"Welcome back to the living. That was one hell of an orgasm, bitch. Next time you are going to give me one like that."

"Now go take a shower and get ready for the next round."

"You gotta be kidding me."

"I never kid, when it comes to sex, bitch. You are about to find that out in spades." She laughed and slapped my ass, hard.

After taking a shower, I warily walked back into the bedroom.

There stood Sonja, naked except for her sheer black stockings and a garter belt and black stilettos and a big black cock strapon. Now I was scared.

She must have seen the look of horror on my face, as I stared at that massive hunk of rubber hanging down between her legs. It had to be 10 inches and thick as hell.

"Don't be afraid, baby girl, you are going to love this in that fine white ass of yours. Besides, before the weekend is over, you may have to take the real thing.

"Now be a good bitch and get the Astroglide from the top drawer there, put the bottle in your mouth and bring it too me. I intend to send you home with hubby, a submissive bitch."

I did as I was told. She took it from my mouth and lightly slapped my face, smiled and kissed me on the lips.

"Get up on all fours, with your knees on the edge of the bed. I want your shoulders and tits on the mattress, face buried in the pillow and stay that way no matter what happens."

I felt her position my legs the way she wanted them. They were spread a wide as they would go. She pushed down on my lower back, so my chest was forced further down on the mattress, which made my ass and pussy, stick up in the air, in full view of her.

Her hands pried my butt cheeks apart and she massaged them, which caused them to relax. It was like she was trying to flatten them out. Whatever she was doing it was working because I could feel a coolness along my ass crack and my little hole seemed  to be pulsing.  My pussy was dripping.

The astroglide bottle was shoved against my little brown hole and I felt a cold liquid squirt against it. Then some pressure as it easily slid in, holding my sphincter open. she squirted a large amount into my hot ass, causing my body to shiver.

I heard the bottle squirt again and in a couple seconds I felt the blunt end of the big black dildo press against my now partially open hole. One big push and she sank a goodly amount into my hole, stretching it like it had never been stretched before. I screamed into the pillow. 
Sonja stopped pushing and told me to relax, take deep breaths and let the pain turn to 
pleasure.

I did as she told me and she gently pushed more of her big black cock into my now stretched and willing hole.

The pain did subside and I felt a strangeness come over me. I wanted more of this.

"I'm in as far as you are used to, 7 inches. Now we gotta work at burying the rest to the hilt."

She fucked me at that depth for several strokes and I began to move with her. I was beginning to feel good. 

I screamed, "NOOOOOOOOOOO, " as she pulled completely out of me. She laughed.

"Just gonna put some more lube up that gaping hole, to make sure you are able to take all this dildo."

I heard empty into my ass and a quick slap on one ass cheek as she took aim and slid that pile driver in further than it had been before.

She slapped my ass again and another inch found it's way up my butt.

"Only one more inch and you will have it all."  With that she bottomed out. It felt like it penetrated my cervix, as I yelped with the sharp pain, but it quickly subsided.

"Hang on for the ride of your life, my pretty white bitch."

She sawed in and out of my throbbing ass. Each time she bottomed out, I yelped as the blunt pushed into my cervix. The pain was nothing compared to the stuffed feeling I had.

Finally, after about 10 minutes of this I could take no more. Even with me moving with her. I was getting sore.

I hollered into the pillow.

"Lift your head and talk to me."

"Sonja, I can't take anymore I am getting sore."

She slowly slid that horsed cock feeling dildo out of my destroyed ass.

As she gently rubbed my back she said, "God, baby, that was so hot. I never thought you would get into it like that. Don't worry about you being my bitch talk, that was for the moment and the seduction of my white friend. I love ya, girl."

I turned around and we kissed and hugged. 

"Now lets get showered and go see what our men have been up to, and see what they have planned for tonight and tomorrow. You will stay the night with us won't you. 

"Yes we will. We planned on making it a weekend with you."


Will continue with the night and tomorrows escapades. 










To understand how we got to this point please read Part One.

Paul and Janet will tell their experiences, as the story progresses.

We lay in bed discussing our night of hot sex with our new found, hot black couple.

“Honey, he got me off twice and he hasn’t had that big black cock in my pussy yet. I hope I can handle that thing. I have to have it, baby, I just have to.”

“Looks like you are becoming a slut for black cock.”

“I wouldn’t go that far. Besides you seem to be enjoying those black pussy.”

“Guilty as charged. I’m looking forward to the rest of the weekend.”

“Me too. Now lets shower and get something to eat. I’m famished.”

Janet had brought a denim skirt that comes to mid thigh and a sleeveless, button front blouse to wear on Saturday. The skirt was tight enough to show off the curve of her tight ass and between the figure hugging tightness of the blouse and the first two buttons undone, her creamy breasts were mostly exposed and hard, little nipples just looking for attention, through the summer weight material.

“Good morning, sleepy heads. Let’s go to brunch and then come back and take up where we left off, last night.”

James and Sonja were dressed and ready to go. 

“Damn Sonja, looking sexy as always this morning.” She was wearing a low cut pullover blouse with a cowl neck that showed a goodly amount of cleavage. She was wearing a pushup bra, but it had to be sheer, as her grape size nipples were sticking out like stubby little fingers. She also had a tight skirt that came to mid thigh.

James was talking softly to Janet while rubbing her ass, through her skirt. He laughed and slapped it, causing her to shriek.

I had my arm around Sonja, rubbing her ass also, as we walked out the door. 

On the drive back to the house, James asked me of I had given any thought to what we had talked about.

I knew that he was referring to him and I having sex. I told him I hadn’t. 

He said, “Well, you need to. Take a look behind you.”

Sonja and Janet were making out like a couple teenagers in heat. Both had their skirts pulled up and were fingering one another, around the crotch of their thongs. 


Paul-

“Looks like we have a couple pussy hounds for wives, doesn’t it.”



“Yep, so what do you think. You know you are curious to see what my black cock is like.”

I didn’t say anything but was beginning to wonder, as I had a friend in the Navy, who liked to suck black cock and had said that if a white guy was gonna play with another guy, let him be big and black.

When we got back to the house, our wives went directly to the master bedroom and closed the door.

“Guess it is just you and me for the rest of the day, Paul. Come on let me break you in right.”

We went into his man cave and he put on a porno tape of a big black guy being serviced by a white dude.

“A great training film for a dude to become a big black cock sucker.”

As we watched I could feel my cock start to harden in my pants and my heart start to beat a little faster. James came over and sat by me, rubbing his big cock through his pants.

He slouched down some with his legs wide spread. I could tell his cock was beginning to become erect.

“Get down between my knees and take my cock out.”

I knelt between his legs and opened his pants, he had gone commando this morning, reached in and pulled his black cock out. It was getting harder all the time and heavy.
