 I have many lovers. There is Andrew. He likes to take pictures. He likes to watch me put things in my ass. I like to do it for him.

He texts me. I go to his house, and he greets me wordlessly, dressed in his tight cycling shorts. I go to the play room and undress. The light is soft and warm. Sometimes I choose a toy, sometimes he does. I play with it, caress it, lick it. I show my hole and my cock to his camera. I lube my fingers, my ass, my toy. The moment comes and I insert it. My cock stiffens as I fill myself. I make love to the camera as I make love to myself. 

I give him any position he wants. He focuses his lens on my love hole as it embraces the toy of the night. I caress my body with one hand as I fuck myself with the other. 

His shorts come off at some point and I allow myself to gaze at his magnificent manhood as it drips with pre-cum. I let my orgasm build slowly, agonizingly, often bringing myself right to the edge before backing off.

I always ask "Are you going to fuck me, tonight?"

Sometimes the answer is "Yes." If it is, I wait. I want to cum when he's inside me. Most nights, the answer is no. In that case, when he's ready, I let myself go past the plateau and use the toy more aggressively to bring myself to climax.

Sometimes I can cum without touching my cock, and he focuses in close, so that the picture shows my cock erupting as I fuck myself. After I cum, he comes to me and I take him in my mouth. His orgasms are quick and powerful and glorious and I drink his nectar and let it spill down my cheeks. 

The last pictures always show me with cum on my hands and my belly and my face.

Daniel likes to cum to my house and we look at the pictures Andrew has given me. We masturbate each other. Daniel likes to lick the cum from our hands and kiss after we climax. Sometimes we fuck. His asshole embraces my cock and we make love face to face. I enter him and then I take his cock in my hand and slowly jerk him off as we fuck. I wait until I feel his orgasm filling his manhood and then I cum. We almost always cum nearly together. 

Sometimes he spends the night. When he does, he always sucks my cock in the bathroom after we shower.

Gary and Tim like me to watch them fuck. Their sex is intense and erotic. Tim likes to straddle Gary and get fucked while on top. Often, I fuck Tim's mouth while he gets fucked. He loves to cum while I am cumming in his mouth. Sometimes I masturbate on to Gary's cock while they fuck. Tim loves the feeling of my warm nectar slathered on his lovers cock as it pistons in and out of his hole. Sometimes Tim likes to watch his lover fuck me while he masturbates. I lay on my back, my knees over Gary's shoulders, his big rod ensheathed in my loving man-hole. Close beside us will be Tim, his cock and asshole close to my face so that I can lick his hole, or watch as he fills himself with a big dildo. His hole is perfectly puckered, and erotically beautiful when it swallows a cock or a fuck toy. He cums in my mouth and then his lover kisses me hungrily while we climax. Tim likes to lick my cum from my belly and share it with his lover. I like to lick Gary's cum from Tim's mouth or his asshole. When I do, they both kiss me hungrily and greedily.

When I get home late after an evening of fucking with Gary and Tim, I put a soft blanket on the floor in front of the full length mirror. I spread my legs open so that I can admire my own fuckhole. Sometimes as I lube up, dollop of cum will appear. 

I take my favorite dildo and lube it up, then I enjoy the sight and the feel of my asshole opening up and I slide all ten inches inside myself. If there is cum inside me, it smears the dark flesh of the fuck toy. I fuck myself until I am completely and utterly drained of all sexual energy.

Roland fucks me when I need him. We talk on the phone. I tell him how I need to feel him inside me, to feel the power of his love muscle.

He comes to me. I leave my door unlocked and I wait for him in my bed, the lights low, the mirrors well positioned.

He enters my room. I am in repose on the bed, naked and always hard. He undresses. Shoes, shirt, pants. He stands before me in his briefs, his cock erect and stretching the fabric. He is tall and very dark. His cock is almost huge with a bulbous purple head wrapped in foreskin.

He teases me, slowly slipping out of his briefs until he is naked and boldly, hungrily erect.

I lick my lips in anticipation. He mounts the bed and straddles me, his raging manhood close to me. I caress it with my fingertips as I gaze up at him. I tell him how I am going to suck him and lick him until he explodes in my mouth. I describe for him how I desire the power of his orgasm in my mouth, and how the thought of him thrusting inside me will fill me with pleasure.

I anoint him with some lube and then pull his foreskin fully back, exposing the full majesty of his cockhead.

I pump him slowly and lovingly with my fist, occasionally taking him in my mouth to caress him with lips and tongue. We take our time. In due time, I feel his muscles tensing, and we both focus on his cock as I work it more aggressively.

He begins to spurt! His first is always a thick, rope of gossamer nectar. I love to watch it erupt from his love tool, then I quickly take him in my mouth so that I can feel the hot, salty jism erupt in my mouth. I swallow some and some spills from the corners of my mouth and I smear it all over my face with his cock. He cries out with pleasure as he cums.

We pause, breathless, gazing at each other. He kisses me deeply, sharing the hot spunk that he has given me. Our mouth often remain locked together as he pulls my legs up around his shoulders. Our tongues interlocked, he pours lube into my hand and I slick up his manhood one more time. My hole is already well prepared. I grasp him and guide him to my fuck hole. He presses his love tool into me and pauses with the head just inside my sphincter. I place my hands on each side of his face and whisper "yes" and he plunges into me and my body quivers with pleasure and pain as my hole stretches to take his girth, but the pain is gone in a second. We are fucking. We are one flesh. 

He fucks me like a man. He pulls almost all the way out, pauses, and then drives back into me. Sometimes he thrusts hard, sometimes he thrusts with agonizing slowness.

I am ready to cum. I was ready to cum almost the moment he entered me, but I struggle to hold back. I want the pleasure to stay. I want the intensity of his massive member inside my love hole to go on all night. I want to cum when he cums. I want the satisfaction of using my body to bring him to orgasm not once, but twice. 

I feel the change in his tempo, the expression on his face that tells me he has reached the point where his body is once again eager spill the seed of his love. I gaze at his face. There is cum on his lips, sweat on his body. Our foreheads press together, our eyes now focused on my cock. We both want to see my love cream bursting forth. We both love to watch cocks as they unleash silvery drops and streamers of manly love nectar. I take my cock in my hand and caress it, trying to time my climax with his.

I cum. Thick droplets of cum erupt from the glistening head of my man-ness and anoint my belly. A heavy spurt makes it all the way to my chin and mouth. He drives hard into me and I feel the silky warmth of hot jizz filling my inner sanctum as his cock pulsates and my sphincter rhythmically clasps him in orgasmic contractions. We muffle our harsh cries by locking our mouths together, our tongues intertwined around the fresh bit of mancream that he licked from my chin as our mouths came together.

For several minutes we remain locked together. His thrusts slow and then stop. He remains buried balls deep inside me, enjoying the post-orgasmic contractions of my asshole on his thick shaft. Once our breathing has returned to normal, he rises and slowly slides out of me. A heavy dribble of cream follows, and runs down my back to the sheets.

We fall apart, and lay side by side for several minutes. Sometimes I can bring him to erection a third time by promising him the pleasures of my mouth and anus, telling him in lurid detail how it feels to have him explode in my mouth or my fuckhole or even my hand, and I impale myself upon him and ride him until I climax again, showering him with my fuck cream. I lick it from his body and we share it. Sometimes he cums a third time, sometimes not.

Afterwards we sleep. We join our flesh again in the morning. I raise my ass in the air and spread my cheeks and he fucks me from behind until I feel his hot seed burst forth inside me and my own spills on to the sheets beneath me and our passion is complete.

He leaves me. That night, alone, I masturbate. I imagine each of my lovers. I imagine their cocks, and how they feel inside me as I plunge my fuck toy into my hole. I close my eyes and I see the streams of glistening love honey as it erupts from their bodies. I close my eyes and I can almost feel it exploding in my mouth. I can almost taste it. I desire it. I lust for the pulsations of orgasm in my mouth, the pulsations of man-sex in my asshole, the joy of sharing hot mouthfuls of jism with one or two or three partners at once, of plunging my tongue into a freshly fucked love hole and finding fuck cream with the tip of my tongue. 

And then I climax. I squeeze the dildo with my ass muscles to intensify my orgasm, just as I would if it were a man inside me.

And then I sleep.