 © Copyright jvaughn, 2013. All rights reserved. Copyright violators will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.

Chapter Six

Guy pounded down the steps and burst out of the apartment building onto the street. Not slowing down, he sprinted to his vehicle which was parked a block away. Finding his key fob in his pocket, he had the doors sliding up before he reached his hypercar. Jumping into it, he activated the door-close mechanism at the same time as he attempted to slam the keys into the ignition. His hands were shaking so badly it took him three tries. When he finally got the keys in, instead of turning the engine over, he folded his arms across the steering wheel and rested his forehead on them, taking deep rasping breaths. I need to calm down. I can't drive like this.

His chest hurt.

What the hell got into me? he questioned himself. I never lose control like that—ever! Somehow Guy couldn't restrain himself around the beautiful young man—and that terrified him. He was used to being in control. Even if he didn't have the upper hand in every situation, and with vampires that was often the case, he was always in control of himself. Until now. Now he was wildly out of control.

He tried to analyze the situation dispassionately. I shouldn't have gone in without knocking and waiting for Melvin to answer. Maybe I shouldn't have gone in at all. But still, it should have been fine. The problem came when I stood in front of him ... when I touched him.

He remembered looking down at Mel's tight little body, admiring his pale, goose-bumped skin, his lovely rosy areolas, his hard nipples jutting out in invitation. He had smelled Mel's desire. The intoxicating scent had slammed into him, shutting down all reason and awakening a hungry demon within.

Then he had touched. He had run his finger down Mel's chest, feeling electricity sparking all along his fingertips. He had seen the evidence of his angel's desire, poking out proudly under his towel. Mel's eyes had been heavy with lust, his sensual lips parted. He had looked up at Guy as if he were the most desirable man in the world.

Guy had not been able to stop himself from removing the offending piece of cloth. He had to see what the tented towel promised, and he had not been disappointed. Mel's cock was as perfect as the rest of him—surprisingly long and fat, and hard as steel, weeping with desire. 

That's when he had lost all vestiges of control. Well, perhaps not all of them. If he had completely lost his mind, he would have thrown Mel down on the floor and mounted him right there. As it was, he barely refrained from shoving his cock down Mel's lovely throat. His angel had looked at him with such trust and naked hunger, he had burst into flames.

He shifted in his seat, leaning back to close his eyes. His cock was uncomfortably hard again, starting to leak. Just the memory of that angelic boy kneeling before him, wanting him, had him ready to explode. He tore open his shorts and grabbed his hot shaft. Grateful for the tinted windows on his Agera, he pumped his cock desperately. Visions of Mel's open mouth below him trying to catch his sperm caused his cock to spasm, and remembering that sweet plea, "Please!" pushed him over. With a groan he came all over his hand.

What the hell is wrong with me? he asked himself in disgust as soon as his brain reengaged. He reached into the glove box for some napkins and wiped himself up. He also wiped the drying spunk from his calves. He barely remembered Mel orgasming—he hadn't even touched himself and he had still cum all over Guy's legs. That was so hot! His cock twitched again hopefully.

Christ! I'm totally losing my sanity. That's the only logical explanation. He didn't allow himself to think the unthinkable—that he was turning into a demon.

He kept his eyes closed, breathing deeply, trying to clear his brain of all thought. What the hell am I going to do?

You're going to stay far away from him, he answered himself. But already he was feeling an irresistible pull. It was getting on toward evening. He needed to go home, take a shower, get some dinner, and go to work. He opened his eyes and engaged the engine, but still he didn't pull away from the curb. He felt like there was an invisible but unbreakable thread binding him to Mel, and the further away he got from him the thinner it stretched and the more it hurt.

