 Adrenaline fueled me back to Raleigh.

It was daunting to realize that everything I had worked for all my life was suddenly slipping through my fingers. It wasn't just the job I was afraid of losing. I loved my work and there wasn't a day that I regretted what I did. I was a proud American that loved serving my country. I think what was troubling me most was the fear of losing the strides I had made over the past year in my personal growth. 

I had waited over thirty years to work through whom I really was and what I wanted without questioning whether I had made the correct decision. My feet were planted firmly on the ground. I even met someone that I connected with something I never imagined would ever happen. The best part was the revelation that when I was with Lawrence I wasn't afraid of the feelings I had for him. Everything just seemed right. Lawrence was just so much more than the job, more than any of the material possessions I owned but more importantly he was more than my 'it's all about me' attitude - a state of mind I had lived in for too many years. Finally I wanted to be an 'us'.

It all boiled down to the simple fact that I didn't want to lose Lawrence.

It dawned on me half way back to Raleigh that if I wanted to keep what I had there was only one clear-cut reality - I had to get Prince Abdullah before he got me.

~*~

Atlanta Georgia didn't have the largest Muslim population in the United States but it did have an upcoming Muslim Unity Conference where the President of the United States was the opening keynote speaker and Prince Abdullah was the closing keynote speaker. In between there was to be four days filled with lectures, workshops, prayer, and updates from around the world on Islamic social reform. 

Because the President was giving the keynote the Secret Service had locked down many of the particulars of the conference. The news reporting agencies were left guessing at the number of people that were expected to attend, where the President would be staying and more importantly where, his good friend, Prince Abdullah would also be residing during the conference. Normally I would have a team of people behind me that had access to all that information but the sad reality was I was on my own and had to make do with what I could find on my own.

The one thing I was counting on was Abdullah's ego to carry forth to Atlanta. The weekend Al and I spent with him in Dubai I noted that he wasn't as security conscious as I thought he should be. On the lobby level of the high rise there were two armed guards on duty twenty-four/seven. He had a private elevator that only went to the penthouse level and it opened right into the penthouse. I noted that there were no armed personnel in the penthouse itself. There was a camera in the elevator and cameras in the stairwells but for the benefit of his guests and his 'hobbies' there were none in the penthouse itself. I remember even commenting to Al about the lack of security and he just shrugged it off saying that Abdullah believed that Allah protected him and didn't like too many people knowing his personal business.

When Abdullah came to Damascus and stayed with Al for four days he was accompanied by his manservant and one armed guard/driver who was relieved of his duty when Abdullah was safely ensconced in the house. Again he didn't feel the need to be surrounded by armed security.

It was my fervent hope that he would feel the same way about his trip to Atlanta. 

The conference was scheduled to start on Thursday evening. I knew that Abdullah wouldn't miss the President speak, especially given the rumors the President secretly prayed to Allah, so he would definitely be in Atlanta by Thursday. I was putting my money on his arrival to be either Tuesday or Wednesday so he was well rested before the conference started. 

Again, Abdullah's ego always forced him to put his best face forward. 

I had only been in Abdullah's company twice, the weekend in Dubai and the four days in Damascus. He made a point of calling Al and me on a regular basis to see how we were getting on constantly questioning our sexual adventures we were sharing.I learned a lot about him over that six month period with the biggest revelation being that religion ruled Abdullah's life and he preferred to surround himself with similar people.

He only conducted business with Arabs and more specially Muslims. The only time I ever knew of him to associate with a non-Arab, non Muslim was with his sexual playthings and that was because Allah forbade his followers to commit sodomy. I never could reconcile his hypocritical thinking on that, especially since he and Al had been lovers for so many years but it was not my place to judge what other people did or thought.

What he did or thought I was hoping that Abdullah was going to adhere to his self imposed bigotry against non Muslims with regards to the accommodations he would chose to stay at in Atlanta. Given my reasoning I immediately cut three of the top five luxury hotels because they were either Jewish owned or controlled. The other luxury hotel was owned by Asians leaving the fifth and most likely candidate to be the owned by a conglomerate that owned several hotels in Dubai, London and United States. I was putting all my eggs in this basket and hoped upon hope that I truly knew Abdullah well enough.

A random thought drew me away from the present back to Damascus and the week that Abdullah visited.

~*~

Abdullah was due to arrive to Al's house sometime in the late afternoon. Al was a bundle of nerves over the impending visit. Abdullah rarely ventured to Syria and when he did they normally went directly to his house in the country which was larger and more opulent than the mere four thousand square foot, five bedrooms, six bath house he kept in the city. 

Al had gone to his office for a few hours to handle a minor crisis and asked me to stay at the house in the event that Abdullah arrived earlier than planned. I noticed that his voice was strained and before he left he pulled me in his arms and held me tightly against him. I could feel his heart beating hard against mine.

"Are you okay?" I asked pulling back slightly. I had never seen him like this before.

"Yes...I'll be okay. As soon as this wedding is over and our life returns back to normal I'll be better. I don't look forward to not having you to myself for the next week. I'm greedy that way." He gave me his best crooked smile but I could see it was faked and filled with unsaid dread. 

I knew that Al's feelings for me ran deeper than mine were for him. For the past six month I worked diligently to keep him at arm's length. The sex with him was still good and over the past few weeks he had been opening up more and more to me about his life and how he sees his future - a future that included me at his side. 

"We'll have some fun with Lolly here." I said trying to placate him, only it seemed to work in reverse as his entire demeanor seemed to sag. 

"Lolly enjoys being with you." He stated letting me go walking away from me.

"I am yours." I yelled after him but I knew my words fell on deaf ears. Al was fighting a demon I couldn't help him with so my best stance was to give him the space he needed. After he left me standing alone in the bedroom I couldn't help but wonder if the minor crisis that took him away was planned to give Abdullah time alone with me.

The answer came less than an hour later.

Just as it had been in Dubai, Abdullah had repeated himself when he walked into the bedroom. He was a beautiful sight to behold but I couldn't hide the disappointment I felt towards Al that once again he had kowtowed to his loving Lolly. 

"Hello Ivan." He stood in the middle of the room staring at me, his eyes matching the smile on his lips.

I stood immediately. I still wasn't comfortable calling him Lolly so I greeted him formally.

"Please...I prefer you call me by my nickname, it makes me believe you care about me." Again he was smiling and I was wondering what he was thinking. "You are well I hope?"

"I am Sir, and you? I know Al has been looking forward to seeing you. He truly misses you more than you can imagine."

He walked over to the bed and sat on the edge. "I think of Al often...as I have been thinking about you also. I can spend a whole night lost in thoughts about you and Al fucking in this bed."

It was the first time he used such crude terminology but I understood that he was trying to convey to me that he felt I was merely a plaything for Al.

"May I get you some tea? Maybe something to eat?"

"Yes, perhaps later. Now I would like to wash the dust of the road off of me and relax. I was hoping that you would join me."

I had wanted to be coy, I really wanted to resist the urges that I had for Lolly but I'm a man...and men aren't the strongest of creatures when sex is being offered up to them. Especially when it's a flavor you've tasted before and really, really liked. Lolly was a hot piece of man. Not only was he my type of man - a nice hairy full chest and a thick cock but more importantly he knew how to seduce and treat a man the way he deserved to be treated.

Even though I hated that Al had offered me up to Lolly so easily I let that war within me rage for about sixty seconds. All it took was for Lolly to take that one step closer to me. I inhaled his now familiar masculine scent and felt his hand against my chest pinching my nipples through the shirt I was wearing and I was his.

"Come shower with me...please..."

Was it conciliatory that he was asking me and not telling me? 

His hand drifted down to my crotch and he could feel my hardness straining to be released. I stepped closer to him and touched him between his legs. I was surprised to find that he had opened his pants under this thawb and his unrestrained cock greeted my hand.

"I've been hard all day thinking about being with you..." he whispered pushing his cock deeper in my hand. "Come...I know you want me as much as I want you."

Three minutes later we were naked standing under the large shower head our mouths sealed in a kiss that was simply curling my toes. Lolly's large arms were wrapped around me while his tongue slowly stroked against mine letting me know that he wanted to take this slowly.

"You scare me Ivan Sergovei." He whispered in my mouth. "I have never desired a man as much as I desire you. You make every other man I've ever had or desired insignificant." He pressed his body tighter to mine holding me like his life depended on it.

I pulled away slightly still staying in his arms. There were a thousand things I could say to him but I knew none were what he wanted to hear. "Don't want me so much," I said, "just enjoy me for right now."

"You don't desire me?" He let go of me and leaned against the wall. The mood was broken.

"I do desire you. Look at how my body reacts when you are close to me." I said looking down at fully engorged cock.

"But..."

"But I am with Al and I won't do anything to hurt him. Can't you see that he loves you so much he is willing to do whatever you ask of him?" I stopped for a minute to try and gather my thoughts some more. Lolly was leaning against the wall of the shower staring at me.

"You love him?" There was shock written in that little three word question.

"I care deeply for him. I'm not sure I know what love is." As much as I had to protect my asset and operation I was also speaking the truth - at that time I didn't know what it meant to love another person.

"But you desire me."

"Oh yes I do." I said emphatically. A smile touched my lips as my eyes grazed down his body. Even wet he was the most desirable man I had even seen. 

"But you wouldn't give Al up for me." He appeared crestfallen. Abdullah was a man used to getting what he wanted and I could tell by the determined look on his face that he wanted me. I shook my head that I wouldn't.

"What if things changed between you and Al and you weren't together anymore?"

"I don't know. I haven't seen or thought past Al yet."

"Would you consider coming to Cairo to maybe explore something with me?" Lolly was being persistent to the point that his spoiled, possessive side was emerging. 

"I think I would want to go back to Moscow for a little while. I miss my home and my family. I've been gone for a long time." When that didn't placate him I added, "I will consider your invitation Lolly." Catching me off guard he grabbed me and crushed his lips to mine.

"Make love to me." He half asked, have demanded. "I need to feel you in me." 

He didn't even wait to leave the shower. He just turned and bent over slightly at his waist offering himself up to me. I stepped closer to him and ran my fingers over his perfect ass. I spread his ass cheeks letting my fingers delve deeper to his ass. He was surprisingly open to me and my finger slipped into him without hesitation. Lolly let out a low moan as he braced his hands against the shower wall.

"Please take me...I need to feel you..." I stepped closer to him and pulled my finger out and replaced it with the head of my cock. I wanted to take him slowly, let him feel every inch of my length entering him, but he had other ideas and the moment my cock head was in him he pushed back against me taking me in one deep stroke.

Our moans filled the shower. Fueled by his desires I started long deep strokes in and out of his ass. His ass was so wonderfully tight wrapped around my cock. I knew I wouldn't be able to hold off for too long, as much as I wanted to fuck him for hours, he was just pushing my every button letting me know that he wanted to feel my cock explode in his ass. It didn't matter that I was...for lack of a better word...topping him, he was surprisingly in total control. He was pushing back against me, telling me how to take him, demanding I fuck him harder. Then, when I couldn't contain myself any longer and he felt me swelling inside of him he grabbed my cock tightly with his ass and pushed back against me as the first wave of my orgasm shot deep into him.

"Da Da...Aiwa...Da..." He cried out, 'yes' over and over again in both Russian and Arabic. His ass was draining my cock taking every drop of cum he could squeeze out of me. I leaned into him, my head against his back trying to catch my breath. Lolly leaned back into me, holding my arms that were wrapped around him against his chest.

"See how good we are together?" He groaned wiggling his ass against me. He was taking as much pleasure out of still hard cock as he could get.

"I do enjoy being with you Lolly...just as I enjoy being with Al also." 

What he didn't understand was that as good as the sex was with him - and it was fucking fantastic - I had a job to do and nothing was going to deter me from doing it.

"Yes...I know." He sighed pulling away from me. Turning he kissed me briefly and grabbed the washcloth and his bottle of expensive shower gel that Al stocked especially for his visit. We showered in relative silence, taking turns washing each other enjoying the feel of each other's touch. 

After we finished the shower and dried off Lolly led me into the bedroom and had me sit on the edge of the bed.

"I've wanted to do this with you since the weekend in Dubai. It's something I've never done before..." His voice drifted as he walked across the room and picked up the straight back chair from the small writing desk and carried it over to the sleeping area of Al's massive bedroom. He sat in the chair, letting his towel fall open to reveal his thick erection greeting me.

"There is one thing about your lover that I know very well...and that is that he likes the feeling of skin on skin. So do I, but I also like to use lubricant - I love the feeling of my cock sliding easily in and out of a tight ass - it's like I'm wrapped in silk. I'm pretty sure you haven't experienced this yet, so in essence this will be a first for you too." 

He poured a thick glob of lubricant into the palm of his hand and started stroking his cock. I actually had to catch my breath at the sight of his glistening cock that I knew was soon doing to be buried deeply in me.

"Come here Ivan I have something for you to sit on." 

I didn't hesitate and a moment later I was straddled over him ready to lower myself on his delicious thickness. Bending from the knees I lowered myself down until I felt the slick head of his cock at my opening. I know my hole was already gaped open in anticipation. I had wanted him since the moment Al announced that Lolly was going to visit.

"Oh you are so ready for me..." he moaned pushing his cock slowly into me. 

I took my time feeling every inch of his wonderful phallus as he filled me. Al was a healthy sized man and I enjoyed his cock in my ass, but I had to admit that I loved how Lolly's lubed cock felt sliding into me. He was just so long and thick and lubrication made it feel just as long and just as thick only slippery and so heavenly sensually good. 

All too soon I was planted firmly in his lap with his entire length stretched inside of me. Lolly drew his arms around me and hugged me tightly against his chest. His mouth was on my neck, kissing me lightly until he found the exact spot that he wanted and bared his teeth down sucking hard against my neck. He was marking me. He had done it in Dubai and now he was doing it again. He wanted Al to see that he had had me and for that period of time I was his. He sucked harder, almost to the point of being painful, until he finally let go and looked at his work.

"Mmmm...I love how you white men mark so easily. Shall I do it again?" He asked. 

I looked at him and smiled. I didn't care what he did to me at the point, as long as his cock stayed hard and buried in me. "My nipple." I managed to moan out pushing my chest to his face.

"With pleasure." He responded grabbing my right nipple with his teeth and bearing down pulling it away from my chest. 

"Ahhhh..." I moaned and shrieked at the same time. My ass tightened down pulling his cock tighter to me as my hips started bucking uncontrollably. "Oh fuck ...please...don't stop..." I cried pressing myself tightly against his mouth riding his cock hard. Without warning my cock sprang to life seeping strings of precum against his chest. Not only was he hitting my sweet spot with his cock but his mouth on my right nipple and his hand twisting my left nipple had me writhing to the point I didn't know how long I could hold out. The pleasurable-pain was taking me to places I'd never been before. 

Lolly was matching me stroke for stroke as I bucked against him. The lube he had used had him sliding in and out of me so easily with a erotic feeling I had never experienced before. Lolly let go of my nipple to catch his breath giving me the opportunity to move freer against him. I leaned back slightly and drew my hips up the length of his cock then plunged back down again. Letting out a loud moan Lolly begged me to do it again. Happily I repeated my actions again...then again and once before he grabbed me and pulled me to him.

"I can't hold out any longer." He cried pumping his cock one last time in me. I pressed my full weight down on him just as his cock detonated. Wave after pulsating wave jetted into me and still he didn't stop. His whole body was trembling as his orgasm took over every fiber of his being. His back bowed and his head was thrown back as he expressed his pure unadulterated joy with a deep, loud groan that rang throughout the room.

"Come away with me right now, leave everything behind...please we are so good together." He gasped trying to catch his breath. Somehow we disentangled ourselves and made it to the bed. Lolly was lying on his back. I was on my front my head lying across his chest.

"We already had this conversation Lolly." I mumbled almost too tired to speak.
