 ©Copyright jvaughn, 2013, 2014. All rights reserved. Copyright violators will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.

Note to readers: So, sorry for the long delay. This is the third time I'm submitting this.

Lit is no longer accepting .rtf format, so rejected my first submission. I was submitting in .rtf because I've had trouble with .doc losing characters. This story is in .doc format, so I hope it still looks okay.

Don't know what is going on with Lit, but when I resubmitted in .doc format, they published some random story that I've never seen before instead of mine. I didn't actually see the story or the comments, but I could see the comment titles. Not surprisingly, there seemed to be much confusion.

I've changed the name slightly because I don't want to inherit the ratings and comments from the random story that was published in place of mine. Hopefully this one will post very soon. Again, so sorry for the delay. 

Chapter Twenty-One

The TV was on, broadcasting an early-season game between the Seahawks and the Saints, and it was a close one. Guy's attention normally would have been riveted to the game, but today he couldn't muster enough energy to care. He'd turned the sound off; it was annoying. He would have turned the TV off entirely, but he felt like he should care. He should want to watch the game and know the score.

He certainly didn't need the glow of the TV in order to see. He didn't even need the night vision feature of his bionic eye anymore. He could see clear as day regardless of the amount of light.

He sighed. I'm more of a mutant now than ever.

His hearing had been enhanced to the point where he could hear a squirrel running up a tree outside, several hundred yards away. His sense of smell now was almost overwhelming. He could smell things that he'd never thought of as having a scent: the kitchen counter, his glass coffee table ... everything had its own scent.

It was confusing, all of these new sensations. He mainly just tried to block them out. They weren't of any use to him. His plan was to get well enough to be sent on another hunt, and then to fail. He was fairly convinced that, in his current state of mind, he couldn't succeed if he wanted to, but he didn't want to succeed. He just wanted to die. Suicide by vampire—a hell of a way to go.

However, he wasn't sure he'd ever get better to the point where he could hunt again. He might have to come up with a different plan for his demise. He really didn't want to commit suicide outright; the idea was repulsive. But he was in so much anguish, he would do almost anything to escape it.

The doctor had visited him earlier in the day and was confused by his lack of progress. He was a week out of the hospital, and not only was he not getting stronger, he seemed to be getting weaker. Making it to the bathroom was a monumental feat. He had no interest in eating. His arm was a useless appendage; he could barely wiggle a single finger. He wished they'd removed it.

But mostly, he just didn't care.

The doctor didn't understand what the problem was, but Guy knew: he was missing his heart. It had been ripped out of his chest and now there was a gaping hole there. The void left by Mel's absence was a chasm so deep and wide and depressing that he'd never be able to climb out of it. He just wanted to die.

He had failed Mel. He'd failed to protect him. He'd driven him away. He'd lost the only thing that gave his life meaning, and he would never get it back. He understood why Mel had left: he was a freak show. He was a grotesque cross between a vampire and a human, who was incapable of having a normal relationship. He wasn't even able to sit in the same room as Mel and have a conversation—the proximity would make the beast inside him go crazy. He would attack and rape his precious angel, and that would be a horror far worse than his own death.

He gave a bitter laugh. At least I'm too weak to do that anymore.

He shifted on the leather couch, his muscles protesting every movement. A sharp pain slashed through his shoulder. He glanced at his bottle of painkillers on the table. Consuela had left the lid off because he was unable to open it one-handed. Is it too soon to take another one? He decided it didn't matter because he didn't have the energy to make the effort. He closed his eyes and escaped into sleep.

 ***** ***** *****