 ©Copyright jvaughn, 2013, 2014. All rights reserved. Copyright violators will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. 

*

Guy stared in wonder at Mel's sleeping face. He looked peaceful and angelic. My angel ... so perfect, he thought. The scent of their coupling hung heavy over Mel, and it smelled right. There was no hint of blood, no lingering scent of fear. Did I really have sex with him without hurting him? he wondered.

But he remembered the scream. At the moment of entry, Mel had cried out, a shattering, piercing scream of pain. Guy shuddered at the memory. He had felt Mel's pain too at that moment, but he'd been out of his mind with delirium. He could not have stopped for the end of the world. Yes, he'd hurt Mel, but he also remembered the wonderful ecstasy they had shared. He'd felt Mel's pleasure, and it had been exquisite.

Mel's long eyelashes fluttered and his lovely eyes eased open. He smiled at Guy and reached a hand up to stroke his cheek.

Guy drank deeply of Mel's pale eyes. "Are you alright Angel? Did I hurt you too much?"

"I'm good. You didn't hurt me." Mel shifted. "I'm gooey though, and I've probably leaked all over your couch."

Guy chuckled. "We'll have to clean that up before Consuela finds it."

Mel's face reddened. "We most certainly will!" He sat up then, and Guy felt an odd sensation ghosting over his anus. That's not my sensation, it's his, he realized in wonder. It didn't seem like pain, but...

"Are you sure you're okay?" Guy asked, peering at Mel with concern.

"I feel great!" Mel said, bouncing a few times as if to test that out. Guy felt that odd sensation again.

"I just feel a bit stretched," Mel said, "but it's good." He looked at Guy closely, his brow furrowed. "But how are you? I can't believe you made love to me like that in your condition. Did we exacerbate the wound?"

"No, I don't think so," Guy said in surprise. He sat up and slowly stretched both arms out in front of him. He felt a twinge in his shoulder.

"Oh!" Mel cried. He stretched out his own arms and his eyes got round. "Do that again," he demanded.

Guy obliged, purposefully stretching and shifting his injured shoulder so that he felt the pain, all the while watching Mel with trepidation. It seemed like the telepathy might go both ways.

"That's you! That's what you're feeling. How can I feel what you're feeling?" Mel cried.

Guy caught the undercurrent of Mel's emotions—shock but not distress.

"I don't know. We're bonded now, I guess. We were already to a certain extent, at least on my part, because when you were taken by Valjevo, I felt some of what you felt. The connection seems much stronger now."

"But how does that work? I mean, I guess I get that you're part vampire and have these superpowers, but I'm not part vampire. How come I can feel you?"

"You forget how I got my superpowers," Guy said softly, a dark guilt starting to gather in his core.

"You were raped," Mel said, mulling it over. "You said it was something in the semen..." His eyes widened. "Does that mean I'm part-vampire now too?"

Guy felt Mel's horror and his guilt erupted into full fledged agony. He closed his eyes and swallowed.

"Oh, no, Guy!" Mel cried, shifting around to pull him into a tight hug. Guy felt Mel's distress, but it had changed. Mel wasn't upset about himself, he was upset about Guy. "You can't feel bad. It's not your fault. You didn't know."

"I should have known," Guy growled. "I should have thought of this beforehand." Evil blackness swamped Guy. He had hurt his angel again and in a vast and irreparable way.

Mel let out a whimper and Guy's own anguish ratcheted up as he felt another wave of distress role off of his angel. "Guy, please don't," Mel begged. "Please..." His breath hitched and he hugged Guy closer.

When the paradox of the situation hit Guy, he tried to focus on his own breathing and calm down, for Mel's sake. He realized he was pouring all his own emotions right back into Mel which distressed Mel and further exacerbated his own darkness in an horribly destructive cycle. He tried to clear his head and focus on a tropical beach. Warm sand, cool breeze, the calming crash of the waves upon the shore...

"Better," Mel mumbled, his fingers starting to trace gently up and down Guy's back. Guy felt a wave of desire wash over Mel and a fraction of a second later he caught the scent of his pheromones. He hadn't been thinking about sex at all—amazingly since that had been the only thing on his mind for weeks—but now, suddenly, he was awash with lust.

He grabbed Mel's hair and pulled his head gently but firmly back so he could reach those kiss-swollen lips. Mashing his lips onto Mel's, he reveled in their softness and the wonderful sensation of connectedness he felt. He felt his cock swelling as heat and desire built in his core. He felt Mel's answering lust, and his angel squirmed around so he was on top of Guy, pushing him back against the arm of the couch as he responded to his kiss eagerly.

Guy groaned and they both began to hump into each other. Guy had pulled his sweats back up, but Mel was still completely naked, and their cocks rubbed together through the soft fabric. As Guy felt himself start to spin out of control, he caught a whiff of his own body odor and it pulled him back from the brink. He was rank.

Mel too had caught the scent, he could tell. His reaction was flash of distaste quickly overpowered by the lust he was feeling.

Guy pulled out of the kiss. "Wait. Wait," he said, stilling his own hips, his hands on Mel's butt willing him to do the same. "I need a shower, and we need to talk about this."

He felt Mel's wave of disappointment and almost relented. This is going to take some getting used to.

"Do you realize what's happening?" he asked. "We're feeding off each other."

"Our emotions, you mean?" Mel said, nodding. "Your emotional pain distressed me and then that distressed you further, and so on. That was really intense. But the same thing happened with our lust." His lips curled up in a sexy smile. "When you want me, I want you even more."

"Yeah, I think we're going to have to be careful." The thought that maybe it was too much for Mel, maybe he wouldn't be able to stand being around Guy, entered his head and pain sliced through his heart like a knife.

Mel's eyes widened. "Whatever you're thinking, don't," he said.

Guy tried to clamp down hard on his emotions. He was used to keeping them bottled up inside him, not showing the outside world what he was feeling, but he still felt them. Now he had to be careful not even to feel. He swallowed and focused on calming himself. Then, with extreme care not let himself think too much about the ramifications of what he was saying, he said, "If you don't want to be with me because of this, I'll understand."

He felt Mel's distress at his words and cringed inwardly. God, I don't seem to be able to keep from hurting him.

"That's the last thing I want," Mel said. "I don't want to leave. I won't leave you. You're stuck with me." As the pain in Guy's chest eased, Mel smiled at him gently. "We can work through this, learn how to control our emotions, how to help each other."

"It won't be easy," Guy warned.

"I know," Mel said thoughtfully, and then a cheeky grin spread across his face. "You won't be able to hide behind your steel façade. I can see right through it now."

Guy groaned, but he was smiling. He shifted Mel off of himself and sat up again. "Come on. I need a shower, and I think I might need some help in there."

He hadn't been thinking about sex, only about having someone help him take his bandages off, but he caught the ripple of desire that washed through Mel, and his cock started to swell.

Guy stood up and reached for Mel's hand to help him up. Mel cast his eyes down shyly, but Guy was pretty sure he was checking out the bulge in his sweat pants.

"Yes, sir," he said softly, "I'd love help you."

 ***** ***** *****