 This is my first submission after a long time of enjoying the imaginative and well written works of many authors here. As they say in the movies, the following story was "inspired" by true events. Meaning it is a nugget of truth covered with a large dose of BS. I hope you enjoy reading it at much as I did writing it and constructive criticism is always welcome. 

*****

"It's really going to happen!" 

That statement keeps flashing across my mind as I prepare for this evening. The excitement is so intense that I am nearly shaking and can hardly focus on the task at hand. I stop laying out supplies, close my eyes and take a deep breath. After a few calm measured breaths my head clears enough to continue and I smile as my thoughts drift back to our first meeting. 

The post was titled "MWM seeks same for discreet mutual fun" and caught my eye because I had posted a few weeks past with nearly the same title. After seeing that the person posting was about my age and in the same city, I had to look further. Again, I see the body of the post is almost identical to my previous listing:

MWM. Check. Early forties. Check. Six foot + tall. Check. Nice body but not a gym god. Check. Fairly smooth body. Check. About 6" cut cock shaved bare. Check. Interested in mutual oral. Check. Open to exploring other activities depending comfort level but no pain or toilet stuff. Check. Discreet, discreet, discreet. Check, check, check. 

It had seemed to good to be true but I sent a message anyway. He responded right away and really surprised me with his openness and sincerity. We hit it off from the start and were soon chatting about our urges and fantasies. I had expressed my unwillingness to exchange face pics due to discretion. He was understanding of my concerns but also included a pic with his reply. 

His picture was a full body shot (minus the head), fully clothed, and he appeared even better than his description. I responded with the same only my jeans were conveniently unzipped and pulled open. He responded with a similar picture but his hand gripped the underwear, showing his hard cock straining against the material. With that I quickly strip and sent a shot of my naked swollen member. His next email contained two pictures. The first was a shot of his naked waist, his smooth shaven dick fully exposed. The second was a close up of his manhood. 

It was the last shot that put me over the edge. Not only was it a close up but was also taken from the perspective seen by someone about to engulf it! His hand gripped the base, keeping the shaft pointing out. The veins on the shaft were clearly visible and head had become a massive mushroom. The best part was the sight of precum leaking from the tip, forming into a drop, ready for an outstretched tongue. Amazing!

My lust was pushed to limit with that sight. I began stroking furiously as visions of that beautiful cock sliding past my lips danced through my head. I was at the point of no return and began taking pictures as my orgasm quickly approached. The explosion was intensely overwhelming. Pools of warm semen spotted my stomach and chest. I could even feel a drop running down my neck. 

As lay there coated in cum, waiting for my pulse to slow, I looked at the pictures just taken and chose a couple to send. The first showed my climax, a milky rope of fluid ejecting from cock and hanging mid air above my chest. The second was a shot of the aftermath, my chest and stomach spotted with pools of cum, the sticky juice dripping from my still hard cock. 

The reply took a little while and had no pictures attached when it did show. I was concerned the pictures I sent might have gone to far but my worries were immediately relieved as I read the response. 

"David, 

Thank you for sharing such an incredibly hot and intimate moment with me!! I wish that I could have returned the favor but they were such a turn on I couldn't stop looking at them while I got off. I could barely hold my phone much less switch over to the camera! Lol!!

I would love to show you in person though. If you're up for it I have an idea how we can do a no pressure face to face meet. After that we can both decide if we are still interested and figure out the rest from that point. 

I am doing a favor for a friend that owns a business at the mall. He is out of town and asked me to watch his shop tomorrow since one of his employees quit today. After 7 pm I should be the only person working. You can get a good look at me without even stepping in the store. If you like what you see, just come in and say hi!

Jeff"

How could I say no to that? I quickly replied that it sounded good to me and thanks for being willing to take that chance. We worked out the details and signed off for the night. 

The next day could not go by fast enough. I had no concerns about my wife wondering where I was tonight since a big customer from Des Moines was in town that I was taking to dinner. This client had requested me personally when I made the change from service to sales so it was critical that I keep him happy. Everything went well, with dinner leading to drinks and enjoyable conversation. Everything went so well that it was nearly closing time when I arrived at the mall. 

With fifteen minutes to spare I strolled past the store to get my first look at the mystery man. Wow! 

I'm not really attracted to men so much as their cocks. The rests needs to be a little appealing though. It's difficult to be aroused by a cock that is attached to a person with poor grooming habits or no pride in personal appearance. It looked like I hit the jackpot with the mystery man though. 

He was dressed well. Casual fit jeans, just snug enough in the seat to hint at his assets without going past tastefulness. His light blue polo shirt was tucked in at the waist and left his muscular arms displayed. On the shirt was one of those paper "Hello! My name is..." tags. He had written "Jeff!" In big bold letters with what looked like some sort of smiley face as the dot under the exclamation point. Then I realized it wasn't smiling, it was a wide eyed face with the mouth forming an "O" shape. 

Funny, subtle and something probably only I would know the real thought behind. I couldn't help letting out a little chuckle. With that noise both he and the customer looked in my direction. 

I'm not sure how I appeared at that moment. The elderly woman gave me a look she most likely reserved for the type of people that like to spend their days discussing the merits of peanut butter with their pants. Then he caught my eye and his face lit up with a dazzling smile. 

"I'll be right over to help you in a just a minute, sir."

"No hurry. I'm just looking right now," I managed to say. True but not very smooth. 

As they turned back to their transaction I did take a good look. His hair was a dirty blond color with a shorter, stylish cut. A well manicured three day stubble beard that worked well. With the smile that still hung on his lips and mischief twinkling in his eyes he looked much younger than the age he gave in our emails. All said he was very handsome and masculine. 

He quickly finished up and started moving my direction as the customer left the store. 

"Is there anything I can help you with tonight?," he asked. 

"I'm just sort of window shopping tonight. I am kind of curious about your name tag though. Did you have someone special in mind while you were drawing it?" I asked straight face, hoping it sounded as smooth out loud as it did in my head. 

That dazzling smile popped up again. 

"David?," he asked cautiously. 

"Yep." I stated as I smiled and extended my hand. He clasped my hand and gave it a strong, firm but not overpowering grip as we shook. 

"Then you know exactly what I was thinking when I drew it," he said with a small laugh. 

"I was hoping that it was you. I had begun to think you wouldn't show or saw me and you weren't interested," he stated. 

"No. I should have sent you a message letting you know I was running late but I didn't get the chance. My meeting ran long and I had to race here before closing time," I explained. 

"I'm glad you did! Now the we have jumped this hurdle maybe we can talk abou-"

He wasn't able to complete the thought. The elderly customer was back and loudly cutting short our conversation. 

"Excuse me young man but this piece I just purchased has a chip. I will need to exchange it." She announced while wordlessly expressing it was obviously not her fault and the world should stop to fix the problem. 

"Yes ma'am. It was listed that way on the display card and it's also why it was discounted so much. If you will give me just a moment with this customer, I'll see what I can -" 

His response was calm but cut short again. 

"I want this replaced. I can't be expected to read the fine print. It wasn't clearly marked." Blah, blah, blah. On and on she went. 

Jeff started say something but I spoke up first. 

"Go ahead and help her out. I'll come back some other time. You can show me the items you said I might be interested in then."

He looked a little disappointed but said "OK" and went to help out the woman. As I was leaving stopped and turned so he could see me typing on my phone at the entrance. When I finished I gave him what I hoped was a friendly and mischievous smile before exiting. 

"Jeff,

I'm betting you were hoping on dealing with a totally different type of ass tonight! Lol

I didn't want to complicate things for you there so I figured it would be easier if I left. Since I didn't get a chance in there, I want to let you know I am definitely still interested. If you are too just let me know."

I wasn't even to my car yet when the phone buzzed in my pocket. A new message. I pulled out the phone as I settled into the car. 

"David,

You have got that right!! I told her I was going in back to check about an exchange. I figure I can make her wait till close then tell her she will have to speak with the owner tomorrow. Ugh!!

I'm very interested in going further too. Your hot! It's probably best she came back. I was already contemplating how to get into your pants tonight. It kept me from coming on strong and taking the chance of scaring you off."

I quickly typed a reply email. 

"You wouldn't have scared me off. In fact I haven't left the parking lot yet."

I took a picture of me grabbing my cock through my jeans and sent off the email. I got a reply in just a few seconds. 

"Give me five minutes then come back in the store. There is a private room in back we can use after closing!"

I'm not sure what he did to get rid of the obnoxious woman but five minutes later she was gone and I was following Jeff to the back of the store. He led me through a storage area and into a small break room with a couch, a mini refrigerator and a microwave. He told me relax, grab a drink from the frig and get comfortable while he closed down and locked up. 

As I pulled a water bottle from the frig I noticed that the room had a small night light in the corner. I turned off the main light leaving the room bathed in a low warm glow. Without the harsh overhead lights I immediately felt more comfortable. Sitting down on the couch I removed my shoes and set them aside. 

By the time the door open I had my pants off and was slowly stroking my cock. As Jeff entered and saw me I looked up and smiled. 

"You said to relax and get comfortable."

He smiled and moved toward the couch. Without a word he dropped to his knees between my legs and took my cock in his hand. He gazed up at me while lightly stroking my shaft with only his thumb and index finger encircling it. I felt his other hand run along the inside of my thigh. He moved up further to gently massage my balls and the area between them and my ass. He was still watching my face and I think he was making sure I wasn't going to freak out. I smiled at him and let out a low moan. 

With that reassurance, Jeff lowered his head toward my swollen member. I could feel his breath hot against my skin as he hovered just above the tip. I gasped as he swallowed me to the base in one swift motion. He paused there briefly before slowly working his way back up. At the top he paused again, keeping just the head in his mouth. Maintaining the gentle suction, his tongue flittered all around the head of my dick and the sensitive underside just below the head. Then he swallowed me to the base again and repeated his wonderfully torturous motions. His hand continued to caress my balls and taint the whole time. 

He kept repeating this process for what felt like an eternity but I'm sure was only a few minutes in reality. That familiar tingling pressure began to build up in my groin. Jeff must have sensed it as well because he released me from his mouth. 

I wasn't sure what to do at that point. Maybe he wanted me to finish it off or maybe he want me to play with his cock or maybe he just didn't want me cum in his mouth. I started to sit up. Jeff gently pushed me back down and licked his way down my shaft before taking each of my balls in his mouth to massage with his tongue. He ran his tongue down the sensitive area behind my sack. Then he paused and looked up at me. 

"David, you seem like your getting close to cumming. I want you to know that is ok. I want you to cum for me. Don't worry about warning me. Just let yourself go and enjoy the pleasure."

He then went back to work with his mouth. His hands moved across my legs and around to grab my smooth buttocks. With a slight pressure he lifted my ass as his tongue darted lower. As his mouth found the sensitive skin around my hole, his tongue flicked out to trace its edge. 

I gasped loudly as this new sensation shot through my body like a bolt of electric pleasure. My body clearly reacting with obvious enjoyment as I involuntarily shifted down to meet his wonderful tongue. I reached out and held his head grinding into his face with wanton lust.

Jeff didn't seem to mind, squeezing my cheeks harder. The tip of his tongue finding the center of my forbidden hole with a soft wiggling pressure.

"Oh yes!!" I cried out, followed by a series of animalistic grunts. 

After far to short of a time he began to kiss a trail up to the the tip of my cock. My body felt like jelly. I took huge ragged breaths as if I'd just run some great distance. I looked past my heaving chest to seeing him licking the length of my manhood.  

"You really seem to enjoy that," he said with a smile. "We'll have to explore that a little further another time. Right now I want you to cum for me."

Again he took me fully into his mouth. His hand still on my shaft, he stroked me in time with his lips sliding up and down the shaft. I could hear wet sucking noises as he increases his tempo. A soft moaning came from him that I could feel with my cock and caused the light hair on my body to stand on end. Suddenly his fingertip was rubbing the sensitive center of my ass. It was too much for me to hold out against and I exploded in his mouth. 

My hips thrust forward as each blast of my most intense orgasm ever shot through my body, out of my cock and into his waiting throat. He maintained his suction and gulped down each spurt as I roughly thrust into his mouth.

I fell back into the couch panting wildly. My eyes were shut tight as I lie trying to calm my breathing and a warm glow seemed to settle on me. He released my softening member from his mouth and I could sense him standing up. 

I open my eyes to see that he had taken a step back and was looking down on me with a cautious smile. Like earlier, he seemed to be waiting to see if I would freak out. I smiled back at him and leaned forward, reaching out for the front of his pants. 

He visibly relaxed, releasing a breath I'm not sure even he realize he was holding. He stepped forward and help me remove his pants and shoes. Before his pants even hit the floor I was pulling at the waistband of his boxer/briefs. I pulled them them past his waist and suddenly his cock was directly at eye level. He looked even larger "in the flesh" than his pictures made him appear. 

Once clear of his waist I let the underwear drop to the floor. As he stepped out and kicked them off to the side I reached out to grasp his manhood.

He was already erect. Actually, extremely erect might be more accurate. There was no give to the flesh of the shaft and veins stretched against the skin. He was about the same length as me but seemed a bit thicker around. The head was flared out to nearly double the circumference as the shaft. It looked almost angry with its need. It was beautiful. 

A steady stream of precum was already leaking from the tip down the shaft. I used my thumb to rub the slick fluid around the sensitive area under the head. I heard the sharp intake of breath indicating he liked the attention. 

I wrapped my thumb and index finger firmly around the shaft. As I stroked upward a large drop of fluid formed at the tip. I leaned forward till my lips almost made contact and let him feel the heat of my breath on the head of his cock. With a slight motion I lowered his dick till the head rested on my lower lip. My tongue darted out and collected the precious drop gathered at the tip. I took a moment to savor the salty flavor. I leaned further so both my lips touch the tip like some obscene kiss and explored around and in the slit with my tongue.

He was quietly repeating the word "Oh" while running his fingers through my hair. He began pushing forward slightly with his hips. Reaching up, I caressed his heavy balls with my free hand as I slid my lips down over the head of his cock. 

"Yessss," he hissed as his fingers gripped my hair. 

His big mushroom head filled my mouth nicely. I swirled my tongue all around the head, enjoying the spongy feel of it. Before long he started to rock his hips back and forth. Each push forward took him deeper into my mouth. I continued my tongue massage on the underside of his love muscle the entire time, exploring each ridge at it past. Now it was me making wet sucking noises as I drooled on his shaft. I could feel his need as his pace quickened. Then he pulled back till just the head of his cock was planted between my lips. The hand holding my hair kept me I that position and I worked the knob relentlessly. 

"David!" He shout and I looked up realizing that in my lust I hadn't registered him saying my name the first couple of times. 

"Are you ok?" He asked. 

Without relinquishing my prize I nodded my head. 

"I'm very close. Do you want me to cum in your mouth?"

He was was asking but the firm grip on my hair held me in place, giving a clear signal as to what he wanted to happen. 

I didn't bother trying to answer. My hands moved to the fleshy globes of his ass and I pulled him forward. My lips slid slowly down his shaft not stopping till my chin rubbed against his balls, my nose pressed into his stomach. My eyes began to water and I fought to relax enough to keep from gagging. 

"Oh God! Yes, David, yes!" He exclaimed. 

I relinquished my grip on his ass to allow him to back off a bit. He took the hint and back out a little still holding my head in place. My hands ran up and down his muscular legs as he began thrusting his hips. 

Sensing that I probably wouldn't be able to control my gag reflex enough for a deep throat fucking, he kept his strokes shallower. His urgency and speed steadily increased though. 

I wrapped my hand around the base of his fleshy missile in an odd thumb and two finger hold. He understood perfectly. Realizing he no longer needed to worry about gagging me, he grabbed my head with both hands and began fucking my mouth with reckless abandon. 

He was grunting in time with each thrust now. My eyes were watering up freely now and my hand was slippery with spit. It only turned me on more. Each thrust sent jolts pleasure through my body causing my cock to grow harder with each push. 
