 It was very cold and it had already snowed a few inches by the time my flight arrived at Denver International. It was early December, 2013. I had planned to be in the area for 10 days and had meetings scheduled up and down the I-25 Corridor, from metro Denver to as far north as Ft. Collins. I elected to stay at an all-suites hotel in Thornton, which I assumed would provide me easy access to the interstate just in case the weather turned nasty. I also rented a four-wheel-drive SUV for the same reason. 

Even though my hotel had an on-site bar, I decided to venture out on my first evening to find a liquor store where I could pick up a few bottles and some snacks to tide me over during my stay. I also stopped off at a pharmacy in the area, where I purchased a box of condoms, some lube and other assorted essentials just in case I got lucky. Being newly-divorced, I always seemed to be super horned-up, so I wanted to be prepared. I had also discovered Craigslist and had re-introduced myself to the world of M-4-M sex. The way I looked at it, worst case scenario was that if I couldn't find any pussy, I would at least likely to be able to find a nice bottom guy who would love the opportunity to blow me hard and take a good fucking. Little did I know that by the end of that trip, I would be the cocksucking bottom desperate for a hard dick to suck and a deep, hard fuck.

Before settling into my room for the night, I decided to grab a drink at the bar and maybe get a sandwich or a burger. It would also give me an opportunity to get a lay of the land and perhaps spot some local talent. You can imagine my disappointment when I walked into the lobby and found the place empty except for one other guy seated all to the way down to the end of the bar, which sat directly across from the registration counter and adjacent to the hotel dining room. I almost opted to step out for a bite, but decided to stay anyway, thinking I'd at least have one drink.

As I eased myself onto one of the empty barstools, a voice called out from inside what I assumed was a small storage/prep room located near the opposite end of the bar. "What can I get started for you?" As I looked over, I could see the bartender peeking out through the doorway. "Um, let me have a JW and soda when you get a sec. Thanks," I said.

"Ok, I'll be right with you," he said. "If you're looking for something to eat, you'll have to order here. The restaurant is already closed, but the kitchen is still open. There should be a menu there just to your left."

"Oh, yeah, thanks," I said. About that time, the other guy finished his drink, fished a couple of bills from his shirt pocket and tossed them next to his empty glass. Then he stood and made his way out of the bar area and over to the elevators.

"By the way, I'm John," the bartender said, again leaning through the doorway. "Give me two more seconds and I'll have that drink for you."

"Sure," I said again. "No worries. I'm not in a hurry." Almost before I could finish my sentence, John had emerged and was reaching for a glass. "Will that be Red or Black?" he asked. "Let's make it Red," I said as I began scanning the menu.

"Will you be staying with us tonight or just passing by?" John said as he placed my drink in front of me. "Oh, I'm staying. I'll be here for the next week or so. By the looks of it, I'm either really late for the dinner rush or early for the night crowd." 

"Unfortunately, you're neither," he said. "It's been pretty slow around here lately. We used to have a pretty steady night business, but with the economy being what it is, that's dropped off quite a bit. You hungry?"

"Yeah, I am. What would you recommend?" I asked.

"Well, I'm going to be straight up with you," he said. "Our head cook is gone for the night, but I've been told I make a mean ham and cheese on rye, if that sounds good."

"Actually John, that sounds perfect. Let's do that. And do me a favor and give me a re-fill on the drink too."

"You got it boss," he said as he poured. "It might take me a few minutes, so I'm going to leave the bottle right here next to the counter for you. Feel free to pour another one if I'm not back in time and you get thirsty again. We're a little short-handed, so I'm going to have to put you on the honor system," he said jokingly. "I'll be right back."

To pass the time while John was gone, I pulled out my phone and began to scroll through the Craigslist website to see if I could find anything interesting. I knew I wouldn't find any good women - mostly just over-priced prostitutes - some of whom would undoubtedly be cops - and men pretending to be women, so I immediately went to the M4M Casuals section. It was a little tough since I wasn't that familiar with the area, but there did seem to be at least a few prospects I might want to follow-up on after dinner.

Just about the time I closed the app, I saw John making his way across the room toward me with a plate in one hand and napkin and silverware in the other. "Here you go boss," he said. "One ham and cheese and, watch out for the fries. They're hot. I just got them out of the fryer. Can I get you another drink?"

"How about a beer this time," I said.

"You got it. Let me know how you like the sandwich."

As he poured me a draft, I began eating. "You been working here long?" I asked, doing my best to make a little small talk.

"Yeah, off and on for about 10 years," he said. "I mainly work evenings and weekends, but I used to be here full time. This property used to be independently owned, but about three years ago, the owners sold out and the suits bought it. After they went corporate, I took a day job in Denver. So, I just do this for a little extra income. Plus, it keeps me off the streets at night," he joked.

"That's good. I feel safer knowing that," I laughed. "So, what does a guy have to do to get laid around here?"

"Um, wow. I don't know," John replied. "I guess that's up to the guy and what he's looking for."

After a somewhat brief awkward pause, he added, "There's a strip club back toward Denver a ways. You could always try there. But to be honest, you'd probably just end up back here with a case of blue-balls making shower babies," he said, laughing some more.

I had to chuckle at the shower baby comment.

"Or, if you're really feeling adventurous, there's an adult bookstore about five miles east of here. I've heard they have a private video viewing area where you can go in, put five bucks in the machine and you get 30 minutes of porn. You also might get your pecker sucked if you're willing to stick it through one of the holes in the wall. But don't be surprised if one doesn't get stuck through for you, if you know what I mean?" he said laughing louder.

"Really?" I said, taking a sip of my beer. "I guess that wouldn't be so bad."

"Exactly. I mean, wait... What did you say?"

I quickly cleared my throat. "I said, I guess that wouldn't be so bad. Of course, depending on the situation."

"The situation? What are you talking about?"

"Oh, c'mon. A guy could get lucky. There are a lot of men out there who get off on watching their wives or girlfriends suck other men's cocks. Anyway, what's the worst that could happen? So you might get blown by some horny guy?"

"Another guy? No, thanks. I don't roll that way."

"Hey, don't knock it until you've tried it."

"Wait a minute," John said. "You mean if you were sitting in a booth at a porn shop, you'd stick your dick through a hole and let some strange dude blow you? Or what if some guy stuck his dick through, you'd suck if for him?"

"Maybe. I guess it depends on how horny and drunk I was," I said laughing.

"Fuck! That sounds crazy. Why would you even think about doing something like that? Wouldn't you at least be worried about catching some kind of disease? Not to mention what it would probably taste or smell like. Dude, that's crazy. You mean to tell me, if I pulled out my cock right now, you'd suck it?"

"Well, not right here and now," I said. "But, if you wanted to come up to my room later, yeah, I might take care of it for you."

"You're kidding right?"

"No. Does that surprise you?" I said. 

"Yeah, a little," he said. "I mean, no. It surprises me a lot. I've never had another guy just come out and offer to suck my cock."

"Look," I said, leaning onto the bar. "A blow job is a blow job. Right? What difference does it make whether it's a woman or a man sucking your dick. It's going to feel good, you're going to cum, you'll feel great. It's that simple."

"Wow. I guess I don't get it. So, why would somebody want to do that? What would be in it for him?"

"It's kind of hard to explain. Probably for the same reason some women like to give head. Let's just say it's one of life's little guilty pleasures."

"Wow... I guess." After a brief pause, he turned and asked, "So, have you sucked off a lot of guys?"

"No, not really."

"But you have... I mean you do..."

"Look, I got divorced a little over a year ago. Since then I've just kind of been experimenting with the whole guy sex thing."

"So, you're not totally gay?"

"No. I guess you'd say bi. I still sleep with women. The guy things are just casual hook-ups."

"So, what, you just woke up one morning and decided you wanted to start sucking cock?" 

"Yeah, something like that," I said laughing. "But, for the record, I'm usually on the receiving end. Actually, the very first time I ever had sex with anyone was with an older guy. I was still in my teens."

"No shit? So, what? Did he molest you or something?"

"I wouldn't say he molested me, but he did sort of manipulate me into it. It's a long story. Anyway, I went along with it. He was married, but he also had a thing for young men. He was also all into anal sex, but his wife wouldn't let him fuck her in the ass... at least that's what he told me."

"Dang. So did you guys like make out and stuff?"

"No. It wasn't like that. We never kissed or anything. He just liked for me to suck him off and occasionally, we'd screw - or should I say he'd screw me."

"So he didn't want you to do him, he just wanted to screw you?"

"Exactly," I said.

"Ouch. I bet that hurt?" John said laughing.

"A little at first - he was pretty big - but it didn't hurt as bad as you'd think. He was cool about it. He took his time and always tried to make sure I was comfortable."

"Wow. I can't imagine what it must feel like to get fucked up the ass. So, you must have liked that, huh?"

"Like I said, don't knock it until you've tried it. To be honest, though, I haven't been on the receiving end for a long time. But that's enough about me. What about you? You've really never been curious about being with another guy?"

"Well, once, when I was in high school. My friend and I got really high one Saturday afternoon. We were looking at some porn mags and bragging about how many girls we'd fucked - you know - total bullshit stuff, and out of nowhere he told me he'd suck me if I did him."

"Did you let him?"

"I can't believe I'm telling you this, but yeah, almost. I was so fucking horny and stoned I would have let him. I'd even taken my shorts off, but my parents came home earlier than I expected, so we ditched the mags under my mattress and I got dressed and we both pretended nothing ever happened. We never said a word to each other about if ever again."

"So, that was it? You never tried anything after that?"

"Nope. It was just not anything I'd ever considered. Listen, um... I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name."

"Oh, I'm sorry. I'm Joe. But my friends all call me Joe," I laughed.

"Ok, well pleased to meet you Joe. I hate to say anything, but I have to ask you if you want another drink. If not, I've got to get busy cleaning up. I'm technically off in five minutes."

"Oh, man, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to keep you from your work."

"It's no problem," he said. "I really enjoyed the conversation. It certainly made the time pass faster. Let me get your tab."

As John backed away from the bar, I couldn't help but notice the nice bulge in his pants. Apparently, our little talk had had quite an effect.

"Hey Joe, are we charging this to your room?" he called out from the register. "Sure. I'm in 417," I said.

He ran the receipt and brought it back to me to sign. "Now, if I can just get your John Hancock..." he laughed. 

"Sure, anytime," I replied, chuckling. "By the way, the offer still stands if you're interested."

"Hmmmmmmmm. I don't think so, but I'll think about it," he said.

"Well, you know where I'll be. And here's one of my cards. Just give me a call or shoot me a text if you'd like."

"Ok, thanks," he said.

I had barely made it back to my room when I received John's text: "Ok, you talked me into it. Haha. I'll be up in about 20. Just finishing up here."

I quickly shot back my response: "K. Sounds good. I'll see you then." Then I poured a drink and headed to the shower.

John arrived just as I was adjusting the lights. I figured he would be nervous, so I didn't want to overwhelm with an overly bright room. 

"Hey, I hope I'm not interrupting anything," he said jokingly, as he made his way into the room. "So, I'm not sure how these things go..."

"I'm sure you're going to enjoy yourself. Just relax and get comfortable. You want something to drink?"

"Oh yeah. That would be great."

"Are you under any kind of time pressure?" I asked. "I mean, is anyone waiting for you at home?"

"No," he said. "My girlfriend and I split up a few months ago. So, I'm cool. I won't be able to stay too long though because I have to be at my other job early tomorrow morning, but I can hang out a while."

"Great," I said, handing him his drink. 

"Thanks," he said. "You know, we're really not supposed to be on the property when we're not working. If the night manager saw me, I would probably get written up - maybe even fired."

"Really? That sucks."

"Yeah, they have all kinds of stupid rules around what you can and can't do here. Wow. That's a good drink! You could fill in for me at the bar anytime."

"No problem. I'd be my pleasure. And speaking of sucking and pleasure. How about that blow job?" I said.

John gulped his drink down. "Wow, you don't waste any time," he said. "Fuck, I'm so fucking horny, I could fuck a brick wall."

"I'll keep that in mind," I said laughing. "Why don't you go ahead and get comfortable and I'll get you another drink."

John handed me his glass and stood to unbutton his trousers. "Uh, where do you want me?"

"Wherever you want. Standing, sitting on the chair or bed, or lay back on the bed if you want."

I watched as John slipped out of his shoes and slid his pants to the floor. He was still wearing his boxers and shirt when I handed him his drink. "Here. While you enjoy that, I'm going to enjoy this," I said, as I knelt down in front of him.

"Fuck, I can't believe this is happening," he said.

"Just relax and enjoy. You won't mind if I take my time will you?"

"Oh, hell no. You just take all the time you want. I've come this far."

I leaned in and slid his boxers to the floor. There, bobbing just inches from my lips, was one of the best looking seven-inch cocks I'd ever seen. It was perfectly shaped, with a large, helmet-shaped head and nicely veined shaft. His ball sack was taught and virtually hairless. Using only the tip of my tongue, I began exploring the slit at the tip of John's throbbing cock.

Holding his waist, I guided my mouth around the silky smooth head. Then I took him deep, which elicited a low grown from my new friend.

"Fuck that feels good. Shit, yeah, suck that cock," he said as he placed his free hand on the back of my head. 

I continued to suck him hard, inching my way up and down his shaft. "Holy shit, you do like to suck don't you?" he said. I just nodded and kept sucking.

I could sense his orgasm was building fast, but I didn't want him to cum too soon, so I backed off.

"Oh fuck, dude. I'm sooooo close," he said. 

"Ok. Why don't you have a seat in the chair and I'll finish you off." It also gave me a chance to rest my jaws and get a drink. 

John went ahead and stepped out of his boxers and sat in one of the two occasional chairs next to the bed. I downed the rest of my drink and knelt back onto the floor between his legs. 

"Ok, man, I'm going to cum pretty soon, so just be ready."

"Not a problem," I said. "You bust your nut whenever you want. I got this."

"Just warning you, it's going to be a lot. It's been a while for me."

"Well, let me worry about that. Big loads are kind of my thing," I said.

Cupping his balls with my left hand and holding his wet shaft in my right, I dove back in licking and sucking each nut. 

"Oh, fuck yeah. Suck my balls. That feels fucking amazing!" 

From there, I turned my attention back to his cock, sucking and licking the pre-cum from his dripping slit. I then returned to alternating between going groin-deep and back out to where I focused maximum suction on his head.

"Oh fuck, that's it. This is it!" he groaned. 

Suddenly, John stiffened and arched his back. His orgasm erupted, sending a huge stream of cum into my ready mouth. That blast was immediately followed by another, both of which I was able to swallow just as the next couple of spurts found their way to the back of my tongue. As good as his cock looked, and felt in my mouth, his cum tasted even better. 

As his orgasm began to subside, I coaxed out and savored as much of his seed as I could. I continued to lick and suck his cock until I was confident John was thoroughly satisfied. 

"Oh my god, dude. That was fucking amazing! You are one hell of a cocksucker, you know that?" he said, still somewhat breathless.

I leaned back and sat up against the bed. "Thanks. You know, you have one really great cock there."

"Dude, I can't believe you swallowed that entire load!" John said looking down at his wet, shrinking dick. "That was a lot of fucking cum! How did you do that?"

"I told you, big loads are kind of my thing," I said laughing.

"Seriously, look... my dick is practically dry. That was fucking amazing."

"Well, I'm glad you enjoyed it."

"Wow. You think? Man, that was great. So, you what, just get off by sucking cock? How does that work?"

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, I feel kind of bad. I just had a mind-blowing orgasm and you haven't gotten off. So, what do you do now? Do you just jerk off?"

"Honestly? Yes. Sometimes. But, I will be posting an ad for a top a little later. If I get lucky, maybe I will find some guy who'll be interested in coming by."

"You mean to fuck you?"

"Yeah... That's kind of the idea."

"Ok? So what? He jacks you while he fucks you or what? Sorry if I'm asking too many stupid questions. I've just never done it with a guy," John said.

"It's cool. No. You're not asking too many questions. I didn't really understand it either until I my first time. Let me explain it this way... That first time I got fucked by that older guy I told you about earlier, he made me cum without either of us was touching my dick. I'm not even sure how to explain it. One second he was behind me shoving his big cock into me, and the next, it felt like my balls had exploded. It felt so good, I never wanted him to stop," I said. "And then, when he came - and he came a lot, kind of like you - it felt amazing. I didn't feel him cum so much as I just felt hot inside. Then, the rest of that afternoon, every time I'd walk or bend over, I could feel his cum seeping out of me, which just made me horny all over again."

"Damn, that sounds hot," John said.

"It was. I guess I've just never gotten over how good that felt and have been kind of trying to re-create it since then."

"So, have you been with a lot of guys? I mean, that sounds risky. Aren't you afraid of getting AIDS or something?"
