 Part 1 - The First Taste Gay Sex 

My name is Ronald and although I am a married professional with three kids I live a secret hedonistic life. I love my family and would not want to lose them but every so often I must enjoy my carnal biological desires. 

It all started when I was at university. In my junior year I had a hot girlfriend and was getting good grades. There also happened to be a very popular guy, named Glen, in one of my classes, who was openly gay. He was a good looking guy who was very open about his homosexuality and no one seemed to hold it against him. This was new to me growing up as a hillbilly in a remote town and aroused my curiosity. I found out how great lesbians were in high school but gays where always just something to make cruel jokes about. 

I therefore began to study Glen closely. I would try to sit close to him in class. Never right next to him but always two seats away. I would listen to his conversations and study his movements. He was normal in every way and not a sissy. Glen was also quite witty and knew how to find the funny in most situations quite often making those around him laugh. 

With me always so close to Glen it was inevitable that we would meet and talk. One day a guy came to class with a new punk haircut and Glen who happened to be next to me, made a remark about the effects of static electricity. I burst out laughing and did not notice that Glen sat down next to me. 

During class Glen made a few remarks and since I had been studying him we felt very comfortable conversing. 

"By the way, my name is Glen." 

"I'm Ronald, but everyone just calls me Ron," I replied.

"Pleased to meet you, Ron," Glen said. "Well, since its Friday, I'm planning on going to the Old Oak Tavern to get lunch and beer and to go over my lecture notes from the past week." 

"I'm hungry," I said. "Hey, we could compare notes to see if we missed anything."

The burgers and freedom fries were good and the beer was cold. We spent about 45 minutes eating and going over our notes. By this time I felt so comfortable with Glen that I told him, "I have a confession to make. I have been studying you from almost the beginning of the semester." 

"I know," he replied. "I could feel it. You always seemed close by but never right next to me. I'm not offended." 

I explained, "I just had to know why the other students never ridiculed you for being gay." 

Glen explained, "Since I am so comfortable with my homosexuality it is not an issue. It is only when one feels that it must be hidden, that it creates ridicule and leads to a person being ostracized." 

I had always been open to new things and very inquisitive, so we started a whole conversation about homosexuality and sex. This led me to admitting, "You know, I think it would be interesting to try gay sex." 

Glen promptly took me up on the offer and we headed to his apartment. Once we got into his apartment we put our books down and Glen grabbed me around the waist and kissed me. I frenched him back but did not get into it. I could feel his stubble and it did not really turn me on. I thought that thinking about trying gay sex and actually doing it must be two very different things. I told this to Glen and he said, "A lot of strait guys feel guilty about the intimate aspects of gay sex but enjoy the sensations. Let us just skip the mushy stuff and proceed right to the great stuff!" 

Glen then pushed me down on the couch pulled down my jeans and proceeded to give me the best blowjob of my life. He took it in all the way, used his tongue on the underside of my shaft, held my nuts and stroked by asshole all at the same time! 

Right before I was getting to the point of explosion, Glen suddenly stopped, saying, "A lot of guys lose interest in sex after they orgasm. I suggest that we move on to other things before I let you cum. Blowjobs are just the beginning, and I have even better stuff to show you!" 

I readily agreed. Hell that was one hell of a blow job and at his mention of better things I was willing to hold off a little to find out what else was in store!

Glen then took off his pants and asked me to try sucking his dick. I felt the butterflies in my stomach as I moved my face close to his crotch. I took his semi flaccid member into my hand and brought it close to my lips. Before inserting it I sniffed. It had a musky smell not to different from pussy, so I just plopped my lips around the head. It was soft and spongy and gave me a sense of security having it in my mouth. Glen's dick quickly started expanding and lost its sponginess. I felt proud of my ability to cause such a reaction and slid it farther into my mouth. It felt wonderful! 

As great as it had felt getting the marvelous blowjob from Glen a few minutes ago it was nothing compared to the sensation of having a hard dick in my mouth. Getting a blowjob is pleasurable and very physical but having a hard dick in my mouth fueled a deeper more psychological fulfillment. It was then that I knew that I was hooked on cocksucking! 

I kept bobbing up and down on Glen's dick sucking to give friction on the way out. I especially loved the feeling of the bulge of the crown as it passed my lips! The pressure at the back of my throat also felt fulfilling. Kind of like at the moment of swallowing a great mouthful of food. By now Glen had grabbed the back of my head and was now moaning like mad and I knew that he was close. All of these sensations were too much for me and I knew that I had reached the point of no return. I therefore pulled Glen's dick deeper into my throat and increased the sucking pressure on the slide out. As I started spurting, onto the front of the leather couch, I also felt Glen's dick expand. He started shooting so I moved my head back so that only the crown was in my mouth. 

About five spurts of cum flooded into my mouth and I held them there for a few seconds savoring the taste before releasing Glen's dick and swallowing the cum down. The taste was not that good but I relished it, like I enjoy whiskey. It also had a slimy kind of creamy texture to it. So I looked at his dick and noticing that there was a bead of cum on the slit, I licked it up and swallowed it too. It was good and the aftertaste was now setting in. It was kind of metallic and interesting. I was curious so I bent down and licked the globs of my cum off the front of the couch. Mine had a somewhat different taste but it was still addicting. 

Glen was amazed at the fact that I swallowed his cum and proceeded to lick up my own after I had already ejaculated. I told him that I usually do lose interest in sex after I cum but that my dick was still hard and I seemed to still be horny!

He just smiled and said, "Well in that case my friend we are going to have a lot of fun in the next couple of hours!" So far it was great and I had one of the best orgasms of my life so I was game and felt so proud of myself for making Glen happy.

To be continued . . . 