 I was staring out my office window at the worst blizzard in New York history when the phone rang. I answered the ring and recognized the voice on the other end. Eric was calling from his house in the Keys. 

Eric is a successful advertising executive with a house in Key Largo, a condo in New York, and offices in New York and Miami.

In addition, Eric is an alpha male muscle bear who I have been enthralled with since I first saw him working out at the gym. 

"How are you doing little buddy?" he asked. 

"I saw on the Weather Channel that you were right in the middle of a huge blizzard and thought that you should get away for the weekend and head down here."

"Eric thanks for the invitation but I'm so busy with work there is no way I can get away even for a day."

"Little buddy I don't think you understand what I'm saying. I'm not inviting you. I'm telling you I want you here on Friday." 

Well Eric is clearly an alpha male who, when he tells me to do something, expects me to do it. 

I knew I could rearrange the things I needed to get done at work and that I could also work on the plane.

Eric gave me the confirmation number of my ticket, the code to get into his house, and told me what time a driver would pick me up to take me to the airport. 

We talked for several minutes. He joked that after word had gotten out that he was in the Keys, except for the husbands who enjoyed being cuckold by Eric, it seemed the other husbands in the neighborhood had a close watch on their wives and weren't letting them out to play. 

I think he was alerting me to the fact that he was horny and that when I got to Key Largo it would be my job to take care of that. 

He also told me that he had been working out with a Personal Trainer six days a week for the past couple months, and was looking forward to showing me the results. Eric had always enjoyed working out and had a muscular body that responded well to lifting weights. He had decided to see just what the results would be if he went all out. 

When I arrived in Miami on Friday, Eric had a limo meet me at the airport to take me down to his house in Key Largo. He had told me he had a business meeting Friday afternoon and that I should make myself at home until he got there. 

The first thing I did when I got to his house was to change into my swimming briefs and head out to the pool. Catching a few rays in February would be a real treat.

After an hour or so I heard a car door slam. I looked through the slats in the pool cage and saw it was Eric being dropped off by company limo.

Although I also had been working out and was looking forward to showing off for Eric, I still felt a little self conscious greeting him in his business suit and me only wearing swimming briefs. But wanting to show off over came being self conscious and I was wearing the briefs when I went to the front door to greet him.

When he opened the front door and saw me, he smiled, gave me a big bear hug, lifted me up, and gave me a deep tongue kiss. 

He set me down and said "Little buddy it's great to see you. You're really looking good. Fix me a drink while I change out of this suit and into something more comfortable and I'll meet you at the pool."

When Eric came back out I saw he hadn't changed into something more comfortable. He was naked, and the first thing that always gets my attention when I see him naked is that big man's cock of his. But apart from that, I just wasn't prepared for the results he had gotten from his six day a week workouts. He was bigger and more ripped than I'd ever seen. 

"Well what do you think?" he asked as he flexed. 

"You look awesome. What I think is that when your sessions with this Personal Trainer are over you're going to need to give him a big tip" I said. 

"I'm glad you're impressed" he said. 

He smiled, flexed again to show off his new muscles, took the drink I handed him, and walked over and sat down on one of the deck chairs.

I joined him. We talked, but after a few minutes he could tell I was distracted as I kept glancing at the results of his current workout routine. Seeing this new and even more impressive Eric had gotten my dick standing at attention. 

He looked at my crotch and said "I think it might be a good idea to cool you down a bit. Let's get in the water."

He took me by the hand and walked me over to where we each picked out a float. Before we got into the pool, he bent down and gave me another deep tongue kiss. As we floated around the pool the contrast between his hirsute muscular body and my decidedly smoother smaller dimensions was pretty striking. 

I finally said "Eric, I've never seen you look more powerful."

He smiled. Lifted me off my float, flipped me over his shoulder, carried me into the house, and threw me on the bed. With a quick movement he pulled my briefs off with one hand and wrapped his other hand around my hard dick and began to stroke it. 

He then let loose of my dick and went down between my legs and began to give me a fantastic blow job. When I erupted he took in every last drop of my cum, not spilling a drop. I was surprised that alpha male Eric would swallow another man's cum. He never had before. 

But the surprise didn't last long because Eric then moved up to my mouth and with his thick tongue forced me to take in every drop of my own cum. 

He said "Swallow little man." Which I obediently did. 

Eric laid on his stomach. "Little buddy before I put that talented mouth of yours to work, I think I'd like one of your famous back rubs."

I straddled his body, positioned my dick on his butt crack, and began to massage the muscles of his shoulders and arms. His muscles felt like steel velvet. It wasn't long before I was hard again. 

When my massage was done Eric began to roll over. 

"All right little buddy, brace yourself." 

What came into view was Eric's huge throbbing cock; bigger than I'd ever seen it. 

Eric laid me on my back, grabbed my ankles, and pushed my knees to my chest. He began to rub his big man's cock on my much smaller hard dick. It wasn't long before Eric erupted a huge volume of cum and spewed all over my chest and face.

He rolled onto his back, pulled me to his chest, and put a muscular arm around me. I curled into his chest and laid there contentedly for several minutes. 

When I squirmed to get up, he asked "Where do you think you're going?" 

"I thought we were done" I said. 

"Little buddy we're done when I say we're done." he said. 

As Eric said that his cock began to twitch and grow hard again. When his cock was fully erect and throbbing it seemed even bigger than it had been the first time. I grabbed his huge hard-on and began to rub it, lick it, kiss it , stroke it, and suck it for all I was worth.

Eric soon erupted again and spewed cum everywhere. Eric smiled and it seemed to me that he was getting a real kick covering me with his cum. 

After laying there for a while, Eric said "Little buddy that was fun. But I don't want to wear you out just yet. I say we hop into the shower and then head out and get a bite to eat."