 Back in about 1990, I had the opportunity to travel on business from Toronto to Montreal (Canada) for a system implementation that would take about 1 week. 

I am not really sure what prompted me to want to subscribe to a full body massage, but I did. Maybe it was because I was reading one of those weekly "artsy" type newspapers with the personnel ads in the back and the massage caught my eye. Whatever the reason I mulled it over for several days. Finally on the Thursday I summoned the courage to make a phone call to Chris who was offering a full body erotic massage. 

I got an answering machine, left my message, name and room number and then waited for a response. Within about 30 minutes later Chris called me back and we chatted briefly on the phone. Chris was available that evening so I invited him over. 

Now some would say that that was dangerous, what if he was an axe murderer but I had thrown caution to the wind, plus it was in a hotel so I did not consider it to be too much of a problem. 

Chris arrived within the hour, carrying a large brief case. I invited him into my room and looked inquisitively at the case. He opened it and pulled out a large portable stereo system. He explained that doormen and hotel personnel don't look to kindly to people coming in with these types of systems, so he disguises it to make it look more professional. 

We talked as he set the stereo up. He explained that he likes to play background music, to set the mood and he could not always count on hotels to have suitable systems. That being done I asked what he wanted me to do. 

He asked me to strip down and lay on the towel that he had placed on the bed. He asked if I would mind if he removed his clothes also. I said that I did not mind. I knew, or at least hoped where this was going to lead. For whatever reason he left his underwear on. 

I lay down and he got to work. 

During the course of the massage I thought he was using oil but as it turned out later he was using baby powder. He said it still allowed the hands to move over the body easily but would not stain if it got on any clothes or other materials. 

Chris started on my back and worked his way up to my neck, did my head and then started down my arms. For my first arm, he sat on the side of the bed and placed my arm and hand across his legs. As he worked my arm my hand came in contact with his underwear and of course his balls and cock. I presumed that this was done purposefully, but as this was very new to me I did not make any real moves. My hand did twist and turn so that at times it was lying against his crotch area. 

From my arm he then moved to my backside and then my legs. 

Let me say at this point that if nothing had happened that the massage alone was worth it. 

He gradually worked my legs apart as he did each separately. Working his way down them to my feet then back up again. There was no rush on Chris's part. Everything was done slowly and deliberately. 

My other arm was next and this time he had to get on the bed (queen size) and performed a similar massage to the first. I believe that I had an opportunity to flex my hand and cup his balls and cock this time. 

After completing my arm, he once again went back to my legs and then asked me to roll over. I had developed a rather large erection some time ago. 

From here he began at my head and worked his way down. Once again it was slow and deliberate. He worked my shoulders, chest, stomach, hips and crotch, and down each leg working every part of them. When he got to my feet he asked me to slide down the bed so that my legs, from my knees hung over the edge of the bed. 

He got on his knees and began to work my legs again, first putting my foot on his shoulder and working up to my thighs and then my cock. He then took my cock in his mouth and began a slow massage and suck. What an incredible feeling! 

Eventually there was no holding back and I shot copious quantities of cum into his mouth. He drank it all down. 

As my erection began to subside, Chris climbed up on the bed and stretched out beside me, leaning on his arm as he caressed my head and chest and crotch. Once again I had an opportunity to feel him through his shorts although nothing really happened on my part. We quietly talked and before long I was once again sporting a large erection. Chris moved down between my legs and began sucking until I came a second time in his mouth. 

We continued to caress and cuddle and he said he could do this all night. I thought about it but indicated that I had meetings in the morning. I was also a bit nervous and as this was my first time with another man I did not really know what might happen if he stayed longer. 

Chris cleaned up, thanked me and left a little later. 

I have not been back to Montreal and therefore have not had contact with him since, although reliving those moments makes me want to again. This time maybe he would be completely undressed and he stayed longer.