 I laid face down and naked under a towel on the sturdy but narrow massage table. My heart was racing and I had a flutter of butterflies in my stomach. I closed my eyes and breathed deep, drawing the scent of candles into my lungs as I tried to relax.

Warm oil drizzled onto the exposed flesh of my back and my breath caught in my chest. I couldn't believe was I was doing and the wheels in my head began to turn. His strong hands touched me and he kneaded my back, eliciting a soft moan from my almost trembling lips.

I'd answered his ad for an in home massage on a whim. I was recently divorced but I'd lived a decidedly straight life until that moment. I had, on occasion wondered about bisex. I was not physically attracted to men in the least but I'd recently accepted that I was more than a little curious about sucking cock and I was open to the idea of doing other things.

His talented hands dug into my sore muscles and I moaned softly. He was young and I shape with an athletic build and a pleasant face. He was quite obviously gay and his ad had hinted at the possibility of more than just a traditional massage but it had been anything but overt and he hadn't given me any indication that more was on the table but my mind continued to race as he finished my back and moved to my arms. He lifted my left arm and worked on my hand before moving to my forearm and then my bicep and tricep. 

The first hint that something more might happen came when his clothed cock grazed my knuckles sending a shiver down my spine as he moved to the other side of the table. He repeated the process on my right arm and my pulse slowed until his semi erect cock brushed lightly against my knuckles. I felt a familiar tingling between my legs and my eyes rolled back in my head. It had been more than a month since my last tinder date and I was extremely horny as he moved down to the end of the table.

He rubbed my feet and my body went slack. I'd felt the sexual energy when he brushed against me but moments later he seemed all business and I began to relax. My pulse slowed and my mind began to empty. His strong hands moved up my legs, kneading the knots from my overworked muscles and I sighed deep and low.

He massaged my legs for several minutes and I drifted in an out of a dream state. He stepped to my side and pushed the towel up to my waist, baring my firm, muscular ass. He squeezed and rubbed my glutes and I began to think I'd imagined his earlier indiscretions. He spread my cheeks and his fingers brushed my right, virgin sphincter making my head spin anew. Blood rushed to my sick and it swelled beneath me. 

Warm oil dripped into my crack and he teased my asshole. His expert fingers caressed my taint and then pushed against my asshole.

A low moan slipped from my lips and he pushed a finger inside of me. My eyes closed and I shuddered. My cock, rock hard and ready, throbbed beneath me as his digit moved slowly in and out of my eager rectum.

His free hand gently rubbed my balls and I groaned as he added a second finger to my asshole. He pushed them deep and began to massage my prostate.

Precum drooled from my aching dick and I moaned wantonly. My heart thumped in my chest and I moved my hips slowly, begging for more.

He pushed a third finger into my depths and delicious pain tore through me. I felt ravenous and wicked. I'd often thought about giving head and getting but at that moment I'd have let him do anything he wanted.

He pulled his fingers from my ass and bent low. His warm, fresh breath danced along the nape of my neck and a shiver ran down my spine.

"Roll over," he said in a low, domineering tone. He lightly slapped my ass and I quickly rolled onto my belly.

My wet cock jutted from my body and pointed at my head. It was painfully rigid and he laughed.

"Not as straight as I thought," he chuckled. He spread oil on my chest and began to rub it, kneading my pecs and flat stomach but deliberately avoiding my aching cock. 

He stood above my head and rubbed my neck and face. I was acutely aware of the proximity of his dick to my head and deviant thoughts filled my mind. His clothed cock grazed the top of my head and I swallowed hard. He was fully erect and my mouth began to water as he subtly rotated his hips.

My mind was reeling as he moved away from my torso and walked down to my feet. He spread my legs slightly and began to massage my thighs. His fingers brushed against my balls and I moaned wantonly. I wanted to cum and I wanted him to finish me. 

His oiled hand grabbed my shaft and he squeezed it hard. They moved slowly up its length and then down to my balls. I breathed deep and moaned.

"Oh fuck," I shuddered. My toes curled and I looked down at him with glazed eyes.

"Good?" He asked with a wry, knowing grin. His big blue eyes glimmered and he flashed me a playful crooked smile.

"Yes," I groaned as he continued to strike my slippery cock. My heart was racing and I looked at him with wide, pleading eyes.

"Do you want to cum?" He smiled brightly, his white teeth sparkling between his full lips. I felt drawn to him and my preconceived barriers began to melt away. His lips looked kissable and that thought was jarring. I'd never wanted that and I blinked hard to make my troubling urges disappear. 

"Yes please," I croaked. He moved a finger under my balls and spread my legs. 

His digit entered me and I moaned. "There's a price," he teased with a sexy smile. He was good and his finger began to rub my prostate as he stroked my rock hard dick.

"Anything," I hissed wantonly. I was past rational thought. My legs were trembling and my tongue slowly circled my parched lips. 

"$300," he said quickly and I nodded. I had my emergency money in my safe but I could cover it. I'd never paid for sex before, unless you count a stripper in DC who had rubbed her ass on my dick until I'd finished in my pants.

"Okay, that's fair," I panted nervously. I was close and my eyes began to flutter.

"And I cum first," he said with a devilish grin. He pulled his finger out of my ass and let go of my slick, shiny cock.

"Okay," I panted as his unfastened his white, linen pants. My breath caught in my chest and my eyes widened as he pushed his pants down.

His cock sprung free and I gasped. It was big and cut with a thick, straight shaft and a bulbous head. My heart raced and my cock twitched. He held my gaze and lifted his shirt over his head. He had a firm, muscular chest and a flat stomach with chiseled abs. A bead of sweat rolled from my forehead to my cheek and I rolled onto my side as he approached. 

His cock jutted proudly from his hard athletic body and moved from side to side as he walked. It looked beautiful and delicious and I opened my mouth like a hungry, baby bird, begging for food.

He shook his head and pushed me onto my back. My head rested on the headrest and he stood over me. His cock hovered above my face and the fresh yet musky scent of his body wafted over me. It was part pleasant and part intoxicating and I panted like a bitch in heat as he bent down and removed the headrest from the table.

My head hung down and he guided his cock to my parted lips. My head was spinning and his cock slid into my throat.

"Breath through your nose," he advised as he began to job his hips fore and aft. His smooth shaved balls slapped against my nose and I breathed deep, drawing his essence into my lungs.

My cock wilted as he ducked my mouth. His thrusts were long and steady and saliva spilled from the corners of my mouth.

He pulled his dick from my eager mouth and I whimpered like a bitch. The taste and feel of his impressive manhood had been divine. It was hard like granite but smooth like silk. It was hot and salty and I wanted to feel him erupt in my mouth.

"Scoot to the end and put your legs in the air," he directed. His tone was firm yet tender and I quickly complied.

He grabbed his massage oil and slathered it liberally onto his pulsating dick. He poured it onto my asshole and grinned.

"Have you ever been fucked?" he asked as he rubbed the smooth spongy tip of his circumcised sick against my puckered asshole.

"By a dildo," I confessed. I'd gone through a phase when I'd been married where I fantasized about my wife pegging me and whenever I'd jerked off I'd used my wife's toys on my asshole.

"Good, relax," he said in a velvety tone. He grabbed my hips and eased his cock inside me.

I groaned in agony as he stretched my sphincter. He slowly eased the length of his dick into my ass and then paused, balls deep. He backed out slowly and I moaned from the release of pressure on my bowels.

He began to thrust with long, languid strokes and my asshole resized to his big, delicious cock. A warmth spread from my asshole and my dick grew rigid and ready. I watched his taut musculature tense and thrust with wide eyed admiration and I grabbed my cock.

His pace quickened and my pulse did too. Sweat formed on his body and my eyes fluttered with excitement. His breathing began to labor and his pelvis slapped hard against my ass. The pain had dissipated and I felt my climax starting to build.

"Don't you dare cum before me," he barked loudly. His deep voice send a shiver through my body and I nodded.

"Yes Sir," I panted. My ex wife and I had dabbled in the BDSM lifestyle and I was a reasonably well trained submissive. 

"If you do, the price goes up. Do you understand Bitch?"

"Yes Master," I groaned. His body slammed against mine and I struggled to quell my impending orgasm.

His thrusts became wild and erratic and I knew he was close. I let my guard down and my cock erupted, spewing hot cum onto my belly as he continued to thrust. Moments later he emptied his balls into my bowels. Hot cum splashed into my depths and he continued to thrust hard and fast until his orgasm subsided. 

"You came without permission," he said as he glared at me with narrow, focused eyes.

"Yes Sir," I answered sheepishly. 

"That's going to cost you," He said sternly. His tone made me shudder and I nodded.

"I know Sir," I replied with a nod. "I don't have any more money here." The $300 plus his $90 for the massage was all I had at the house.

"That's okay, you'll pay later. You owe me and you will work off your debt. Are we clear?" 

"Yes Sir," I answered softly. I could feel his cum ooze from my well fucked asshole and a wave of trepidation washed over me as my preorgasmic euphoria morphed into something very different.

We exchanged numbers before he left and he assured me that he'd be in touch to settle my debt.

"Until its paid you are my bitch," he said as he grabbed my spent cock, making it stir anew. "This belongs to me." He brazenly rubbed my cock in the open doorway of my condo before he left.