 Be careful what you wish for!

You probably know the rest of the saying. And yes, sometimes you do get it.

I have been extremely lucky so far to have been able to indulge in what was once just a fantasy.

Messy male erotic wrestling.

I have had the pleasure of wrestling in a wondrous variety of substances and meeting a terrific selection of guys of all shapes, sizes and ages that share a similar fantasy.

Not so long ago I was going through a month long hiatus from the wrestling scene that happens every now and then.

At work this particularly wet day, I received a text message from a guy I had chatted to several months prior. 

After agreeing to meet it had unfortunately fell through.

We had talked about various experiences and he seemed a little in awe at the matches I had taken part in and the things I had wrestled in and we would often throw ideas around and hope to meet up.

We established that we would begin with a simple and easy to clean up erotic oil match. Always good fun and a huge turn on.

Unfortunately as I mentioned earlier this never came to pass.

It came as a complete surprise to me that this particular day he was going to be passing near to my place of work on his way to a job and wondered if I was available for a rather impromptu oil match.

He totally understood if I was busy at such short notice and just took a chance.

I vaguely remembered our chats and a photo of him that if memory served was a rather well built guy that I thought would be fun to wrestle.

But then who cared? Who was I to pass up the chance to have a bit of fun, especially when it wasn't expected.

After a quick calculation of hours worked, travel time and the rest we agreed to meet at a nearby motorway service station that included a Day's Inn hotel at around 2pm.

From 10am until 2pm seemed to take an eternity and in the back of my mind I was expecting a cancellation text that I'm afraid is all too common at times.

Eventually it came time to make my short journey to our meeting place. That's when my phone went off. My heart started to sink as I saw that I had a message from my new opponent.

My temporary depression was lifted by the message that he was already there and was sorting things out.

As usual it felt like my heart could be seen beating under my coat, feeling as if everyone I walked past knew why I was there and what I was about to do.

I entered the hotel and slipped past the empty reception booth to the room that had been designated.

With a deep breath I knocked on the door. For some reason making sure I had the right one after I had knocked.

It's always with a smile to myself when I look back at the events that unfolded that day and I was in for two surprises.

The door opened several inches and a large face appeared in the gap.

"Hi. I'm Martin" I said fearing I had got the wrong door even after checking 20 times.

"Oh hi." Mike said swinging the door open.

So many thoughts entered my mind as I laid eyes on my new opponent and the one that I remember most is that no one will believe me when I tell them.

Two words came to mind at that time. Fuck and me.

The door opened and I was confronted with what I could only describe as a 36 year old barbarian, a very wet one in a small hotel towel that never seems to cover much when I'm wearing one let alone someone of this guys stature. He was certainly well built and not what I had expected.

Although around the same height as me his body had been down the gym and had probably lived there for a while.

How was I going to compete with that? I'm sure that wasn't the picture I had seen some months ago. On strength alone I was on to a loser.

And yes you can call me shallow but the towel barely wrapped around his lower half and bulged nicely where it needed to, causing myself to start growing and my thoughts to momentarily wander.

This was surprise number one.

I stepped inside the room quickly and made some lame joke about did I have the right door before seeing the bed on its end and the mattress on the floor covered by a large blue plastic sheet. One thing I didn't notice was any oil. I thought nothing of it and turned as Mike shut and locked the door.

"Hope you don't mind but I thought I would shower and get things ready."

"Not at all." I replied. It's always nice to deal with such efficiency.

We exchanged a few pleasantries and he apologised for missing our last arrangement.

We then spoke briefly about any rules and no-go areas and the forfeit for the loser before

I headed for the shower as I was eager to get started and see what was under that damn towel.

I entered the room with my own little towel to artificial light and closed curtains.

"Are we ready?" he said.

"Ready to kick my ass? Sure!" I replied jokingly.

He laughed and pulled his towel away and reached into a supermarket carrier bag that lay on the floor next to him.

His cock was impressive and starting to twitch. It was quite thick and would make an easy target. Maybe that was his weakness.

As he straightened up he revealed surprise number two. Not a bottle of baby oil but an enormous 5 litre bottle of vegetable oil.

Granted it may not be that much of a surprise to some but at the time it was the last thing I was expecting.

I dropped my own towel and with my heart starting to thump again I stepped on to the uneven mattress and plastic sheet.

Mike stepped forward while removing the seal from the bottle and threw it back towards the carrier bag.

We faced each other and without a word he popped the cap on the bottle and started pouring oil over my shoulders. It's coldness took my breath for a second but Mike's large hands were quick to follow. I looked down and admired his hands on my oily skin. He wasn't rough but he wasn't gentle either in making sure he felt my shoulders, chest and abs. He poured more oil over my abs. It ran down over my quickly hardening cock and my legs before dripping on to the plastic sheet.

I couldn't help but moan a little and close my eyes as he paid brief attention to my cock before sliding his hand between my legs and cupping my hairless balls and squeezing slightly.

By now I was ready to grab the oil and just pour the rest over him and start getting tangled up in his slippery body.

He moved behind me and I took another deep breath as the cold oil hit my back.

He must've put the bottle down and knelt as I could feel both his hands around my back and gliding over my ass. One hand slid easily between my ass cheeks then down through my legs, pressing my balls before grabbing my cock.

I looked down to see my cock being wanked almost from nowhere with incredible lubrication. It had been too long since I had done this and I had to force myself out of the moment before I got too carried away.

I turned towards Mike as I wanted my turn with the oil. He remained on his knees and passed the oil up to me. I started by pouring it over his shoulders watching it cascade over his tanned skin. I moved a little, standing carefully to the side to avoid shoving my cock in his face.

Something I wouldn't have thought twice of under different circumstances. By now the plastic was way too oily to be standing safely so I gently lowered my self to my knees making sure I made contact with Mike's body.

I slithered around him, rubbing oil over his seemingly hard but soft body.

His large shoulders and arms seemed out of place in my hands but I was enjoying his body.

Again I moved sliding against him and poured some oil over his now erect uncut cock. The bottle swapped hands and I got my first handful of his cock. It wasn't as long as I had wrestled before but it was thick and felt gorgeous smothered in oil. I gave it a few meaningful strokes as I watched hi eyes close and enjoy the feeling. I was already curious at what the oil would taste like and if nothing else I was going to make sure I tasted it with his cock in my mouth.

The last drips of the bottle fell over his back and ass before being cast aside in the direction of the carrier bag.

We slid apart ready to start our match.

Mike moved first. We met in the centre and locked together. The oil was amazingly slippery and his strength was overwhelming. I was quickly on my back with his body pressing on mine.

I'm not weak by any means but he had power without being heavy handed or rough and my hands were soon being held above my head with one hand as his body slid further up mine.

I barely caught a glimpse of his cock before his balls covered my mouth and his thick cock was tapping my face.

He didn't sit on my chest thank good but made sure he was low enough to use his cock. Before I could think about moving his hand was purposefully squeezing at my ball sack and slapping my cock.

I had been a slow starter before and had learned my lesson so I immediately tried to roll to the side using the oil to help me slide under Mikes loose pin.

I managed to roll three quarters putting my cock out of reach but his hand slapped my wet ass and his finger began to probe at my hole.

It was relentless. When his finger moved from my ass his cock began slapping at my face and being rubbed in my hair. When that stopped, his finger was back to teasing my ass. I rolled back and in addition to a face full of his balls and shaft, his hand was immediately on mine firmly wanking it, intent on making me cum.

Unfortunately I was in heaven. I began to lick and suck at his balls and the base of his cock, I was out of choices. The stroking of my oily cock was divine even though I fought to break free.

"That's it! Struggle little man. It turns me on!" he taunted me.

I could only make muffled noises under his well placed balls, my nose barely free of his heavy cock.

Even with one of his balls in my mouth, licking furiously at it, he refused to let up. His strong hands teasing me closer to orgasm.

The taste of the oil didn't even occur to me. I was in the zone. Close to being pushed beyond the point of no return. Doing anything within the rules to keep that from happening.

All of a sudden it just stopped, like being woken up from a dream.

Mike's weight, genitals and hands were lifted from my body.

I lay catching my breath, sensing Mike watching me from his corner of the matress.

I was almost frustrated that I hadn't climaxed at his mercy.

Why didn't he finish me off?

Was I too easy maybe?

I got to my knees trying not to slip over in the oil.

Mike was teasing, rubbing his hands all over himself and stroking his cock as I readied myself.

I moved first this time determined not to be a pushover. We grappled as much as the oil would allow us before locking up in a bear hug.

Again his strength got the better of me and I was lying underneath his heavy body, my arms almost pinned to my sides.

This time he was facing my legs and all I could see was his ass firmly positioned across me, his balls squashed against my chest.

Suddenly he began to slide up my chest. My body felt like it was being devoured by some strange slimey creature getting closer and closer to my face.

"No! N-No!"

I grunted breathlessly and struggled as his slippery balls slid up my neck, then my chin before coming to rest over my face.

I kept turning my head from side to side in order to take a breath while his greasy ball sack molested my face.

The one advantage was that my arms were now able to move even if they were limited.

I was expecting some kind of sensation on my cock from this position as his hands thoroughly inspected my balls. Then the warm, wet feeling engulfed my throbbing shaft and he began to suck at my cock.

Oh fuck no, I thought as I struggled against the pleasure.

I wished that I could see this from another perspective because it was beautifully humiliating to be in.

It is a strange combination of feelings to experience. The humiliation of being sexually dominated in a contest, pinned down with balls and cock slurping over your face while your own cock is being sucked into oblivion, wanting to cum with every tongue lash but at the same time trying to fight the pleasure in order to assert your own domination.

To do anything to save myself I had to slide a bit further down between his legs.

Risky as his balls were almost inhibiting my breathing, going further might not be wise.

I managed to slide under him a little further until his balls were my new eye brows. He barely stopped sucking me, continuing at the mesmerizing pace that was gradually milking my cock.

Blinded by his balls my mouth and tongue frantically licked and kissed at his slippery man muscle as my right arm fought with his body.

Eventually I was able to squeeze my arm up far enough to take hold of cock. It felt like a triumph that I was able to accomplish it and I wasted no time in stroking it and pressing it down to my tongue and mouth.

There was no way I could suck him properly but I erratically licked and mouthed at whatever part of his cock I could.

I felt myself getting to the point where I just wanted to lay back and shoot my load in his sucking mouth and I would take whatever punishment for losing quite gladly and I think he knew it.

To my amazement the weight of his body lifted again and shifted behind my head.

I was grabbed at the wrists and my arms held under his legs. My head was now resting in his crotch and I could feel his cock rubbing against the back of my head.

His legs were free and he slid his feet over my oily chest and abdomen. I writhed and shook my head between his slippery thighs as his feet clamped around my cock.

They began to slide up and down my shaft and I could do nothing but watch his feet play with my rock hard prick.

He began to moan as he picked up a rhythm and thrust his cock into my matted hair and back of my head. I held my neck firm hoping that he would get too excited and cum over my head.

He was moaning louder and I could feel his cock rubbing quicker against my head but his feet were quicker to.

I'd never seen my cock worked over like this, I could barely take my eyes off such a beautiful and disturbing sight.

I felt myself building to orgasm and my fight was fading fast.

"No! You fucker!" I grunted. I didn't want to lose this quickly.

"Ahh yeah! Beg you little cunt!" was all I could hear behind me.

"NO!"

Then with a wave of immense pleasure I thrust my groin upward and the end of my cock exploded in a stream of white cum followed by another.

Through gritted teeth I grunted and groaned.

"Fuck!!"

Both globs of creamy white spunk landed on his feet that continued to tease my abused shaft.

I couldn't believe I'd lost that quickly. 

My arms were free and I sank down into the wet plastic before carefully sliding to my knees as Mike stood up and I was confronted with his cock in my face.

I knew what was demanded and I wrapped my mouth around his shaft.

It filled my mouth as I sucked hard at it and it wasn't long before he was giving instructions.

I obeyed.

My arms moved behind me and I could feel him building, thrusting and groaning.

He pulled quickly from my mouth and I closed my eyes as a warm stream of cum landed across my face followed immediately by another that hit my forehead and hair.

I opened my eyes in time to see him rub the cum over my face with his cock.

He drained the remainder in my hair and slapped my face with his weakening weapon.

The forfeit was quick and nothing more than I expected or discussed.

I like to think he must've been close to orgasm before I shot my load, but I just couldn't hold on and I was his, although I'd never complain.

The match was over pretty quickly and it was certainly the shortest match I'd been involved in.

I had lost one other match before this one and have quite enjoyed both the winning and the losing.

We were a little mismatched physically but if he ever reads this or we chat again and he wants a rematch to humiliate me further.

I will gladly lose!