 Spring Break was coming to an end and I decided to return to college a day early to start working on a plan I had hatched involving the rest of the school year. I was living in a dorm and when I got back, it was all but deserted.

My roommate that year was a black guy named Cass. He was a great looking guy with a hot body but the withdrawn type. He and I had never really become friendly, he ran in his circles and I ran in mine. I didn't know what his plans had been for the break, I just assumed he would be off and away, so I didn't knock on the room door before entering. I threw open the door and stepped in and it took me a minute to register what I was seeing.

Cass's bed faced the door. On it, Cass was lying on his stomach with a burly blond white guy on top of him, hips pumping against Cass's butt.

They both looked up at the same time and I recognized the white guy as one of the school's star football players. He said, "Oh, shit!" and started to climb off of Cass. I watched his enormous fat cock slide from between Cass's ass cheeks and I couldn't help but admire his muscular, beefy body. The footballer reached down, grabbed up a towel and ran past me out of the room.

Cass was lying on his stomach staring at me, a blank look on his face.

"Sorry," I said. "I didn't mean to interrupt."

"I didn't think you were coming back until tomorrow." Cass said. "I guess that cat is out of the bag now. Should I start packing up or are you going to request a room transfer?"

"Why would I do that?" I asked. I was looking at his brown body and I felt my cock starting to twitch.

"So you don't have to room with a fag. A black guy is bad enough, right?"

"What are you talking about? I never had any problem rooming with you. And as for being a fag, you might be surprised to find out I've developed a taste for cock myself."

Cass didn't say anything for a few minutes, just watched as I unpacked my stuff and put it away.

"I never would have figured you for gay. You always struck me as a book worm who didn't even know he had a dick or what to do with it." I was struck by his broad muscular shoulders and how there was a valley down his back defining his spine. My cock was almost fully hard.

"And you'd have been right up until my trip home. Let's just say that my dad and granddad gave me an education while I was there. The only reason I'm back early is because I sprained my ass hole from overdoing it"

"Are you saying you got it on with your own dad and granddad? Are you shitting me?"

"Nope. I had no idea that they were into cock, either. We wound up doing everything 3 men can do to each other. Repeatedly. And then I made the mistake of thinking I could take on an elephant dick."

"That is so fucking hot!" Cass said. "I've always had a fantasy of doing a father and son. Damn, your dad is hot; I met him when you moved in. Is your granddad hot too?" He was moving his hips on the bed and I couldn't help but notice what a fine ass he had. His buns stood up like perfect half melons on his slim hips.

"If you like my dad, you'd like my granddad, too. They've both got killer bodies."

"Do they have big dicks like yours? I couldn't help checking you out when you were changing sometimes and it looks like you're hung, even soft." He was looking at my crotch and I noticed his eyebrows rise when he realized that I was standing there with a full hard on in my jeans.

"We're all three about exactly the same size, though dad's cock is thicker. What about you, how come I never knew anything about you being gay?"

"It's a hard thing in the black community and my dad is a minister on top of it. He'd freak out and disown me if he knew."

He saw me staring at his plump ass and he said, "Even worse, I'm a bottom who prefers white boys so that's another strike against me in black circles."

"It looked like that blond guy was plowing you pretty good when I came in." I said.

"Yeah, I've been trying to ride his dick all year after I saw how big his meat was coming out of the shower. I guess that's fucked up now."

"Not necessarily." I said. "I'll talk to him and tell him it's all cool. I'm sure he's going to want to get into that ass again."

"You like my ass?" he asked. "I was just getting into being fucked, just getting my ass loosened up for it when you interrupted. You owe me now." 

"I feel bad for messing up your fuck date. What can I do to make it up to you?" I asked, stroking my swollen cock through my jeans.

"Bring that big thing over here and we'll discuss it." Cass said.

I crossed the room to where he was lying and stood at the head of the bed. He reached up and stroked and then clutched my stiff dick, and then he unzipped my jeans and hauled my meat out into the light.

"Damn, if I'd known you were packing this much dick I would have been creeping up on you in the night to get some of it." he said.

He raised his head and I felt his hot mouth close around my cock head, his tongue probing into my piss slit. Then, he lowered his mouth over my shaft, taking almost the full length into his throat.

"I can tell that's not the first cock you've sucked." I said. "You're going to have to teach me some of your techniques." I reached over and ran my fingers over his perfect ass, then let my fingers drift into his crack and probe his lubed hole.

"You ain't seen nothing yet." he replied. He had one hand wrapped around the base of my cock and he licked the drops of precum that were flowing out of my slit. "Why don't you climb up on here and fill my little ass hole with this pretty meat?"

"If you think anybody would turn down that offer, you're crazy." I said. I peeled off all of my clothes and stood nude.

"I didn't know you looked so hot naked." Cass said. "I especially didn't know you looked so good with a big hard cock standing up like that. My hole is puckering just thinking about getting that meat up it."

I climbed onto the bed between his spread legs. His perfect ass lay before me, just waiting to be fucked. I spread his meaty cheeks so that his hairless cleft was open and his sweet little pucker was revealed. The interior of his crack was slightly darker than the rest of his skin and his tight little ass hole was darker still.

"That little hole is an ass fucker's dream." I said. I leant down and licked the tiny opening.

"Oh, baby!" Cass said. "The only thing I like better than having my ass hole fucked is having my ass hole tongued!"

I lapped at the pucker and speared my tongue through his ring. He responded by lifting his ass and thrusting back to get more of my tongue inside him. I reached up and used my thumbs to spread his hole open and was rewarded when his hole bloomed and I was able to see the pink interior lining. That made me even hornier for his ass and I sucked and tongue fucked his hole till he collapsed back onto the bed.

"Fuck my hole." he said. "I want to feel that hard meat pounding inside of me."

I reared back on my haunches and Cass handed me a bottle of lube. I stroked it over my steaming dick and then shot a dollop on his hole. I grabbed the base of my cock and guided it so that it rubbed in his crack, stroking his hungry hole and making him sigh.

I positioned the head against his fuck ring and slowly pressed, watching his beautiful brown ass lips close around my cock head. My cock head slid into him with no resistance and then I watched as inch by inch my white shaft disappeared into his dark hole.

"Fuck, I wish you could see what I'm seeing." I said. "Your ass looks so beautiful with my cock buried in it."

"It feels pretty damned good, too." Cass said. "How about you fuck me to show me how much you like it?"

I fell on top of his broad back and hooked my arms under his armpits, then slowly started to fuck his hole.

"I can't believe we could have been doing this all year and I was too stupid to realize it." I whispered in his ear.

"That's okay." he replied. "I'm going to wear your dick out from now on to make up for lost time."

I started slow, moving my cock in and out of his guts. Occasionally, I'd shift my hips back and forth to rub the walls of his fuck chute with my cock head or I'd corkscrew my hips to rub all sides of his channel. He was bucking under me, slamming his ass back to feel more dick inside of him.

"Deep dick me." he said. "Pull it all out but the head and give me the whole shaft each time."

I did as he asked, fucking him with long hard strokes, pulling most of my dick out and then slamming it into his guts.

"Goddamn, I don't know where you learned to fuck but you had a good teacher." Cass said.

"Two teachers, my dad and my granddad." I said.

"One way or another, they are going to fuck me." he said.

"I think I can arrange that. All they need is one look at this ass, let alone feel how good it is and they're going to be fighting to give you the dick. And, my granddad loves to eat ass. You'll probably wear out before he does." I told him. 

I reached under him and felt his cock. It was a large one, one of those kinds that have a broad oval shaped shaft when it's hard. I ran my hand up and down the shaft and then cupped his big meaty ball sack.

"You've been holding out on me, fucker." I said. "You've been hiding this big dick all along."

"I didn't want you to get distracted from my ass." Cass said. "My cock is a permanent number two on the to-do list."

"My dad and granddad are going to eat you up." I said. "You may think you're all bottom now but when those two guys get ahold of you, you will wind up with your cock in their holes."

I pulled my hips back so that just my cock head was in his hole and then leant back above him. I pulled my cock out of his hole, then immediately slammed the full length back into him.

After I had plowed his hole that way two or three times, his whole body tensed and he said, "Fuck! You're fucking the cum right out of me!"

I reached under him and grabbed his shaft just in time to feel his load expand his piss tube and blast out of his cock head. I started pile driving his hole, hammering away at his ass. I had my cock all the way up him when my balls started to contract and I knew I was going to shoot.

He felt my cock expand inside of him and he clamped his muscles down around my shaft, milking my cock at the same time that hot cum started gushing out of my balls and into his ass.

I kept shooting and he kept milking until I fell on top of him exhausted, my balls aching.

"That's probably the best fuck I ever had." I said.

"You being practically a virgin, that's not saying much but I'll take it as a compliment anyway." Cass replied.

I rested on top of him until my cock had gone entirely soft inside of him and it slithered out of his hole on its own. I rolled over and said, "Holy fuck, am I ever glad I came back early."

"Even if you did scare off my trophy fuck." Cass said.

"I'm really sorry about that." I said. "What's his room number? I need to go take a shower anyway so I'll stop in and tell him everything is cool here."

I got up and Cass grabbed my cock and licked up all of the juice coating it, then probed into my piss hole with his tongue to get the last drops out of it.

"I'm sucking this fucker later, so you'd better work on recharging. He's in room 211, now go get me some more cock."

I slapped his perfect ass and grabbed a towel to wrap around my waist. The dorm hall was deserted when I stepped out and I trudged down to room 211, wondering what to say.

I knocked and the big footballer opened the door. When he saw it was me, he looked scared as hell.

"Hey, I just came to apologize for earlier." I said. 

I looked him up and down. He was only wearing an old pair of gym shorts that did nothing to hide the fat sausage hanging from his crotch. His body was muscular instead of the flabby beef of most of the guys who play football and he was exceedingly handsome.

"I would have knocked except I had no idea until today that Cass was into getting fucked." I said.

"Yeah, so now you can spread it all over the school that I was fucking him. I'll probably get kicked off the team."

"You've got it all wrong." I said. "I'm not interested in blackmailing you. As a matter of fact, I'll give you a blowjob sometime and you can have something on me, too." I grasped his cock through his shorts and it immediately started to expand.

"Fuck!" I said. "I'll do a lot more than blow you and you can have all kinds of shit to blackmail me with instead. You've got some prime beef here."

He smiled for the first time and said, "You like that, huh? I can't usually find anybody who's able to take it. Cass sure did, do you think you can?" By now, his cock was fully hard and I couldn't close my hand around it.

"We'll just have to bust my throat and maybe my ass hole trying." I said. 

I let him go and started to the shower but I glanced over my shoulder and he was watching me so I pulled my towel off and walked away bare assed. He rewarded me with a loud wolf whistle.

I took as long as possible while showering because I suspected what was going on back in my room. Finally, I had to return. I opened the door and was greeted with the same scene as last time, though slightly different.

The footballer rolled over on Cass's side and I watched as his enormous and still half hard cock slid out from between Cass's cum soaked buns.

"I would be embarrassed," he said, "except that while I was fucking Cass I couldn't help noticing that his hole already smelled like cum."

"Somebody had to fill in after you ran away and left him with a hungry hole." I replied.

"I guess that kind of gives us a connection." he said, reaching down and stroking his cock. "This is mostly your cum on my dick."

"Looks good on you, too. You should let Cass lick it off for you."

"I'd let you do the honors but I want my balls fully loaded when I collect on the blowjob you promised me." he said.

"Wait a minute!" Cass said. "You just came out this week and already you're trying to steal my action?"

"No fear." I said. "Your hole is going to be seeing plenty of action, just looking at it is getting my dick hard again." I said.

"Now that you mention it, my cock is getting stiff, too. Should we flip for who gets to fuck him next or should we just tag team his hole?" the footballer asked.