 This is a Master PC story based in JR Parz's original universe, so credit for this idea must go to him. It also draws heavily on Varun1987's Master Program series, which I highly recommend. I haven't seen any gay fiction in this area, so I thought I'd take a shot. All characters are over 18. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental. If you don't like stories featuring men who have sex with men, I'd suggest this isn't for you. 

This chapter contains limited amounts of sex, but it does establish some of the characters and their backstories. 

***** 

Ethan was bored, it was late afternoon and the sun was streaming in through the library windows and was serving as a rather pointed reminder that he was trapped in the stifling heat until he could get this paper finished. He'd been there all morning, making real headway on it... meaning, of course, that he'd written the title and managed to pick a nice-looking font. What little productivity he'd managed to scrape together had just about managed to drag his ass out of bed and into the library and little else. He groaned, staring at the blank page. Perhaps I might be able to focus if I take a bit of a break, he thought. Ethan pushed back his chair, wincing as the scraping noise attracted glares from the harried students feverishly trying to complete end-of-term papers. 

Strolling through the shelves, he wandered aimlessly, looking with disconnected interest at the titles of the older looking books, "Annals of Parliament, Charles I" 

I wonder whether James will ever actually notice that I exist, he mused. 

"Manufacturing Output of the Industrial North in the 20th Century" 

James was perhaps the single most attractive human Ethan had ever seen, a body like a Greek God, the perfect amount of stubble, a deep voice like melted caramel. And from how he looked in the pool, his package must have been enormous. 

"The Holy Bible, a Modern Look at the Ancient Aramaic" 

Of course, the biggest problem with James was that he was probably straight. He'd had a string of fairly high publicity affairs with the girls on the cheerleading team, and his latest girlfriend was a model. Sure, there'd been a few rumours around campus that he might have fooled around with some of the guys on the swim team, but those were most likely just made up by some jealous ex. 

"The Master Program; a Study" 

Ethan sighed, there was really no point moping about a guy who had precisely no chance of ever liking him, especially not with his work piling up around him. It'd be different if there'd been anything like a single spark, a smile, a wink, anything, but in truth Ethan hadn't had the courage to say a word to him all semester. Not that there'd been anyone queuing up to have any kind of interaction with him really, aside from a few casual acquaintances on his course, Ethan barely spoke to anyone most days. His flatmates were by turns aggravating and reclusive, either making a mess of the kitchen or vanishing for days on end, and he'd somehow made it to second year without even finding a consistent lab partner. He was, by pretty much every definition, a loser. 

Ethan sighed again, suddenly acutely aware that he hadn't said a word aloud to another human in the last two days. He turned to head back to his desk to try and force words onto the page again before remembering that the desk was a little wobbly. He grabbed a slim volume from the shelf at random to stuff under the table leg, and shuffled silently back to his desk. As he slumped heavily back into his chair (attracting yet more furious glares for daring to make an audible sound) he glanced at the title of the book. It was a strange title, "The Master Program", and faintly intrigued he opened it at a random page. 

"-seems to be able to run on any hardware of any kind perfectly, regardless of the computing power available. Its abilities to control the material world seem largely independent of restrictions, and the number of women I have successfully seduced with it grows daily" 

Ethan snorted quietly, some whack-job no doubt, he flicked to the front of the book to see if there was any publishing information, and instead merely found a fixed URL. He glanced back at the page open on his computer, accusingly blank, and his apathy towards work overcame his derision at the book. The URL merely opened a new tab, started a download, and closed itself. He cursed silently, I can't have any viruses, not now! 

The download took just a couple of seconds, then his computer screen went black. Suddenly the words "Master Program" appeared in green old-fashioned monospaced type in the centre of the screen and a loading bar quickly progressed. 

- ENTER USER 

He thought for a second before entering his usual pseudonym for online accounts "EthexOne". 

-YOU ARE ETHAN SUMMERS, SELECT USER? 

He gulped, the program was clearly a virus if it had managed to get that kind of information off his hard drive so quickly. He clicked the button marked "Yes" on a whim. Suddenly the screen showed a 3D model of himself, wearing the same clothes as he was wearing and held in the exact same pose as he was sat in at that precise moment. He was freaked out, as he raised one hand the model on screen did exactly the same. It was live and accurate down to the tiniest detail. 

He looked around the screen at the various sliders and metrics surrounding the 3D model. They seemed to be organised into little tabs and categories, Physical Attributes, Personality Traits, Health... He clicked on the model and it started to rotate slowly, before he clicked on the Physical Attributes tab. His eyes flicked down the list and saw weight. It was accurate, which was a little embarrassing. Ethan wasn't the trimmest of guys, and his weight had always been a bit of a sore point. He clicked on the weight icon and a few sub-menus dropped down, "Core Weight", "Visceral Weight", "Body Fat percentage". Not really knowing what most of those actually meant he clicked on the body fat icon and saw a slider. Twenty-five percent. That was somewhat embarrassing. He dragged the value all the way to the left and an alert flashed up on screen; 

"VALUE BELOW 8% IS NOT MEDICALLY SAFE, RECOMMEND MINIMUM OF 8%" 

He clicked accept and the value jumped back to 8%. There was a large "Commit Changes" button, which he clicked. Suddenly he felt his skin bubble and the fat seemed to melt away under his shirt. He patted his hands down his chest and could actually feel muscles for the first time in years. Ethan was dumbfounded, this program seemed to be able to actually change his physical appearance in the real world. He absolutely had to go home and try it out more completely. 

* 

The walk home had been torturous, and by the time he made it back to his door he'd practically convinced himself that the whole thing had been something of a dream. When he got into his room and locked the door behind him, he stripped in a flash and looked himself up and down in the mirror. There was no disputing it, the weight had gone. Whatever this program was, it had managed to make him lose about 60 pounds in a matter of seconds, and was clearly not to be trifled with. Opening his laptop, Ethan looked at the bottom of the screen and saw a second green button marked "Revert to Original". He clicked it, and once again felt the strange rippling. This time he saw it in the mirror, his skin bubbling and bulging as the weight seemed to reappear out of thin air. 

Well, he could undo any damage he might accidentally do. That was a comfort. 

He sat down at his desk, not really bothering to put any clothes back on, and spent the next twenty minutes reading through all the different tabs and options, making minor changes and then reverting them back. Finally he found an options tab, with an icon marked "Help Mode". Clicking it, a cool neutral voice issued from the speakers, 

"Help mode activated, verbal commands enabled" 

"Uh... hello?" Ethan stammered. 

"Hello Ethan, how can I help" 

"Erm... what is this thing? Am I going mad? I think I must be going mad." 

"I am the Master Program version 238.2.1," the calm voice said dispassionately, "I can alter the physical world according to your directions, up to a maximum allowed disruption limit of 1,000 persons." 

"And... uh... you can make changes to my body?" 

"Yes, Ethan, I can make changes to the bodies and minds of up to 1,000 people of your choice, including your own. If this is concerning to you, I can talk you through some safety limits you can establish for yourself?" 

"Uh, yeah, I guess so, thanks?" 

"I can limit any changes I make to ensure that your morals will not change as a direct result of changes made, would you like me to do so?" 

"Yes, of course" 

"Done. I can limit any changes I make to achieve your instructions with the minimal amount of change to any person, would you like me do so?" 

"Uh, yeah, I guess" 

"Done. Are there any other restrictions you would like me to make?" 

"Umm, I dunno, none at the moment I guess... actually, make sure I don't commit any changes except by explicit verbal command, and warn me of any unintended consequences to any changes I might make" 

"Done" 

Ethan climbed to his feet and stood in front of the mirror, appraising his body critically. He wasn't entirely ashamed of it, though it was a little pale, and a bit chubby. The general framework was sound, he just didn't keep good enough care of it. 

"Master Program, reduce my body fat to the minimum safe amount, increase my muscle mass and density by about 15%, and give me the kind of abs I've always wanted. Commit changes" 

His skin rippled again as the cool voice issued a confirmation, the weight bubbled away and he felt his muscles tighten under his skin. Where once there had been a slight paunch from too many pizzas and late-night takeaways, suddenly there was a nicely defined six-pack with the V-shape pointing towards his crotch that he'd always found amazingly hot on other guys. It wasn't overdone, in fact the changes had somehow interpreted exactly the kind of body he had wanted and delivered it exactly as he had imagined. Not like a body builder, more like a swimmer or cross-country runner who did the occasional bit of working out in a gym. 

"Master Program, give me perfect vision and hearing. In fact, remove any physical health issues that I might have, and make it so that I cannot get sick. Commit changes." 

The world suddenly became blurry, and he could barely make out his outline in the mirror, let alone any details. There was a momentary panic as he thought that something had gone horribly wrong and that he had somehow blinded himself before Ethan remembered that he was wearing glasses. As soon as he took them off he could see perfectly, much better in fact than when he wore glasses or even contact lenses. It was startling really, and suddenly Ethan had a bit of awe in the fact that he had been experiencing the world just ever so slightly out of focus for all these years and never really noticed. Even colours seemed to be brighter and more vivid. He glanced at the readout on the computer display and saw the fairly long list of health issues it had rectified. 

"Um, Master Program, can you improve my health and cardio fitness so that I will have excellent stamina, let's say in the top 2% of all humans, and my recovery time will be less than half normal when I get winded?" 

"Yes Ethan, would you like me to do so?" 

"Uh, yeah, commit changes." 

It suddenly dawned on Ethan that he was a guy, naked, alone, with the power to change his own body at will. What kind of guy am I, he thought ruefully, making all these changes and I haven't thought about my dick even once. He looked at his package, which was on the decidedly lower end of average, and grinned suddenly. 

"Master Program, increase my penis to seven and a half inches in length, give me a girth that is 10% larger than the average for that penis length, and make my balls an appropriate size. Oh, and make my foreskin more aesthetically pleasing. Hell, why not make the whole thing aesthetically pleasing. Uh, commit changes." 

He grinned as his junk swelled before his eyes, and once the changes were finished he had what could only be described as the most beautiful penis he'd ever seen. There was an ever so slight upwards curve, and the deep red glans was in perfect proportion to the rest of it. Even the foreskin, which had always seemed a bit annoying to him before, suddenly seemed perfect. 

Ethan couldn't wait, jumping onto his bed and pulling out his lube from the bedside cabinet. He was just about to start stroking himself to get to know his new member when a thought struck him. 

"Master Program, did you say you could change other people?" 

"Yes, Ethan" 

"Select James Harrington" 

Suddenly the object of his affection was on screen. The 3D model showed him in perfect detail, walking somewhere by the looks of the movements. Ethan's dick, which had begun to soften without attention, quickly hardened again just looking at the guy's shoulders and strong arms filling out his shirt. 

"Hey, Master Program, report James Harrington's sexuality please" 

"James Harrington, Bisexual. 30% Straight, 70% gay. Libido, 95%. 75% Heteroromantic" 

Ethan paused. He was such a bad gay, he barely knew any of the terminology, what the hell did heteroromantic mean? Pulling out his phone he quickly googled it, oh. So, he was more attracted to guys, but only felt romantic attraction to the opposite sex. That explained the rumours about the swim team and why he had only ever publicly had girlfriends before. 

Knowing that James was at least attracted to guys was a bit of a salve to Ethan's conscience, and ensured he barely paused for thought before giving his next commands. 

"Master Program, make James sexually attracted to me, make him think we've been having sex regularly for a few months now... uh, but make it so that he only remembers this when he's interacting with me. Commit Changes." 

"Confirmed" 

"What is he doing now?" 

"He is going to his girlfriend's apartment" 

"Make him cancel, then make him come here to mine instead." 

"Confirmed, ETA 5 minutes." 

Ethan gulped, looking around the room. He quickly threw on some clothes and dashed around the room doing my best impression of a Tasmanian devil, throwing clothes into cupboards and generally trying to make the place look a lot tidier. By the time the knock came on the door Ethan's heart was pounding, but he just about managed to still his trembling hands long enough to turn the lock and pull the door open. James stepped inside, every bit the Apollo I had dreamt about through every boring lecture of the semester. 

"Hey babe," his voice was sultry, low and self-assured, "I was supposed to be going to see Alisha, but all of a sudden I couldn't help but want you more." 

Ethan gasped for breath, it was like the heat radiating off him was suffocating him, pulling the air out of his lungs and what passed for intelligent thought just drained from his head, "uh... hi," he managed finally. 

James stepped forwards, crossing the small room in one easy stride. He lifted Ethan's chin with one finger and stepped close, grabbing Ethan's waist with his other hand and pulling him in. His sapphire eyes locked onto Ethan's dull grey ones and again all thought fled from Ethan's brain. The depth of the blue was captivating, and it was as if his soul had fallen into those blue lakes. A dry part of Ethan's mind, perhaps the only part still functioning as blood rushed southwards, wryly noted that Ethan's thoughts were just as sappy as those of the crappy characters on television that he so detested normally. 

James leaned in and pressed his lips to Ethan's, parting them slightly his tongue darted out and into Ethan's mouth, taking control, asserting dominance. Ethan surrendered willingly. The kiss started out slow, but there was a force behind it, a kind of casual confidence that quickly built into something more passionate, mind-blowing, and powerful. By the time they came up for air, Ethan was on the bed, and James was above him. 

James moved his kisses from Ethan's mouth onto his neck, slowly working his way down. Ethan's shirt was quickly removed by James' confident hands, but his attempts to undo James' buttons quickly fell apart when the kisses reached Ethan's nipples. James lightly ran his tongue around one in small circles, working around the nipple and giving slight tantalising licks every few seconds. With his other hand, he lightly rubbed Ethan's other nipple, and pretty soon Ethan was writhing beneath him, desperate for any kind of release. James pulled back for a moment, looking Ethan in the eyes before quickly reaching back to give him a light nip with his teeth, then his roaming kisses carried on southwards. 

Ethan fumbled to undo his belt buckle before James reached it, and felt his jeans quickly pulled down and off his body entirely. Then he felt a surge of heat as in one swift motion James took his entire cock into his mouth, his nose brushing the curled hairs at the base. Ethan gasped, feeling James' tongue expertly run up his length, paying particular attention to the frenulum and glans. He shuddered, James quickly built up speed, working along his entire shaft with his tongue. Ethan's cock was leaking precum, but James seemed to love it, lapping up every drop as he brought Ethan near to the edge. 

"Oh God, James I'm gonna cum, James" he warned. 

James merely slowed slightly, holding him at the very edge but not letting him cross the point of no return. Ethan was moaning and writhing under James' expert touch, desperately pumping his hips trying to get that last bit of stimulation to trigger the release he needed. James began to lightly circle Ethan's hole with his middle finger, applying pressure against the entrance. Slowly but surely, he pressed the finger into Ethan, then agonizingly slowly pulled it back out again. Still holding Ethan on that precipice with his mouth, reacting quickly whenever Ethan's balls started to tighten in anticipation of release, he worked Ethan's anus, working in two, then three fingers. 

Once he was satisfied that Ethan was prepped, he pulled his mouth of Ethan's cock, leaned into Ethan's ear, and whispered, "I'm going to fuck you now babe, and you're gonna cum so hard you won't even know what hit you" The promise and certainty in that voice very nearly sent Ethan over the edge on its own he was that turned on. 

James lined his dick up with Ethan's hole, then in one smooth movement buried himself to the hilt. Ethan cried out at the sudden intrusion, a flash of pain searing through the cloud of pleasure, but it quickly subsided. Starting slowly, with long strokes, James began to build up a rhythm. The out strokes were slow, gentle, but then he would slam back in, his balls slapping against Ethan's arse and his dick hitting Ethan's prostate with unerring accuracy. James quickly built up speed and power, one hand grabbing Ethan's dick and begging to stroke its full length in time with his strokes. 

"Fuck, James, like that, don't stop," Ethan gasped, barely able to catch his breath, "I'm gonna cum!" 

His balls pulled tight against his body and ropes of cum launched from his dick hitting himself in the eye and covering the wall behind the bed. At that same moment James let out a guttural grunt and gave one final strong thrust, holding himself deep inside Ethan as he filled the young man with his seed. Ethan could feel the cock buried within him pulsing as it filled him up, and felt the warmth spread inside him. With a satisfied sound, James pulled his dick clear of Ethan's arse, and pulled him into a cuddle. Within a few minutes soft snores confirmed that James had fallen asleep. 
