 The sunset was beautiful, as it usually was at the beach in Naples, Florida I was sitting on the sand just watching he sun go down and listening to the waves lap up onto the shore. There was a warm breeze off the water and I could smell the salt air.

I was here almost every day at sunset time to unwind from a day of work. My day of work started a 5 a.m. and it was usually in bed by 10 p.m..

I sat there unusually long that evening and it was dark before I decided to go home. I saw a man walking through the sea oats and out onto the beach.

He came and stood next to me and took a deep breath of sea air. "Ah," he said. 

He leaned back pushing his chest out and took in another deep breath. He looked at me and smiled. I was wondering if he had caught me looking at him or his bulge.

"It's nice out tonight," he said. I remember thinking, maybe you should leave it out, but, I just answered, "Yes it is."

He told me that this was the first time he'd been to the beach here as he had just moved into the area. I told him I was here almost every evening enjoying the sunset. He laughed and said, "The sun's been gone for over an hour." I admitted that I had gotten mesmerized by the sound of the waves and had lost track of time.

It was dark now but I could still see the bulge in his shorts and it seemed to be getting bigger. Still sitting, I leaned a little toward him and he responded in kind, turning toward me and letting me see his bulge even better. I could see the outline of his cock. I started to shake with anticipation. 

I wasn't going to make the first move but when he started rubbing the front of his pants, I took a chance.

I told him that maybe I could take care of that for him. He said "That would be wonderful."

I got up on my knees, looked back toward the parking lot and saw that there were only two cars there and one was mine.

I rubbed my face on the front of his shorts and I could feel that his erection was a good one. I unzipped his fly and stuck my nose in his pants and breathed in the smell of his manhood. I unbuttoned his shorts and let them fall to his ankles.

He was not wearing underwear and his beautiful cock was right there. I rubbed it on my face, from side to side. He smelled just like a man!

I love the smell of a clean man's cock and balls. His cock was hard and his balls were hanging beautifully.

I looked again to see if anyone was around. We were alone on the beach together. His cock was about 7" but not to big around. I have a small mouth so I was glad of that.

I licked the head and tasted the sweet precum. "I love that stuff," I said. I put the head in my mouth and sucked gently. He took in a deep breath and moaned. I slid his cock in and out about half way. And then again and again.

I'm not someone who can deep throat very well but I was so turned on sucking him at night on the beach that after about a minute, I pushed my face all the way into his body. His cock went right down my throat. He gasped as I held it there for several seconds, fighting my gag reflex. I did it again and held it for longer. I guess, if you are turned on and have the right cock in your mouth, you can do it.

It was wonderful to have a nice cock halfway down my throat. I did it again and again. He started breathing hard and grabbed my head. He thrust his cock down my throat again and again. It felt so good every time the head went down my throat that I thought I was going to cum in my pants.

I could tell he was close to cumming and I really wanted his load.

I was glad there was no one around so we could let loose. He started to moan loudly and I could feel his cock throbbing. 

He sort of screamed a loud deep voiced scream and his load shot in my mouth and down my throat. He came again and again and filled my mouth with his wonderful cum. It was so sweet. I wanted it all. He pumped in my mouth for a few minutes after he first started to cum and gave me a little bit more with every thrust.

He finally slowed down and leaned forward, leaning on me as his energy was spent because of his shooting into my mouth. I spent another few minutes milking his cock with my mouth.

I realized that I had not paid any attention to his balls. They weren't hanging anymore. They were tight.

I turned my head and put my face by his shaved balls. I licked them and he laughed a little bit. As I licked, his laughing turned to other sounds and I wondered if he could cum again so soon.

I kept licking his balls. Man, I love shaved balls!

I was busy down there when I noticed his cock was getting hard again. I was still turned on and wanted more of his cock.

I pulled my face away from his balls and took his cock in my mouth again, It was about half erect already as I started working on it and it felt good in my mouth.

After a few minutes, he was rock hard again and I found myself taking him down my throat again. He came quicker the second time but it was still a sweet full load. I milked him again until he as dry.

I still had his cock in my mouth and I looked up at him. He had a look of great satisfaction on his face and his body was very relaxed. I licked the head a few times making sure I got every drop of his sweet gift to me.

I pulled away and lifted his shorts up and he buttoned them and zipped up.

It was almost like he didn't know what to say. But, he asked if I was ever worried about doing this in the open on the beach. I told him that this was the first time I ever did this here.

He told that his name was Dan. I told him my name was Bob. He reached down, put his hands under my face and pulled me up and kissed me very long and very deeply. He told me that tonight had been a wonderful experience and said he had to leave. He kissed me again and turned away.

As he walked away, I thought "Wow, that was nice!" I went home and got myself off thinking of Dan!

Now, you may think that this is the end of the story. Think again.

As I said at the beginning, I was at the beach almost every evening for sunset and since that night I had stayed until dark.

Five days later, There was Dan, standing next to me with a big smile and a big bulge. I took care of it again. He showed up every few days and I really didn't mind doing it all for him and going home taking care of myself while fantasizing about him. He had such a wonderful cock and such sweet cum that I actually craved it.

Then one night, there he was. I smiled and moved toward him. He stopped me and asked if I would like to go get a drink. I said, "Sure!"

He told me to follow him and he would show me where you usually hung out. We went to a little tropical bar near the beach.

He told me about himself. It turns out that he was a widower and his wife had passed away about three years ago. I told him that I was sorry. He smiled.

We had a few drinks and some great conversation.

He put his hand on mine and told me that he lived just around the corner and asked if I would like to go back to his place. I tried to contain my excitement as I said yes!

We finished our drinks and he paid the check. We went out the door and walked to his place. He said the cars would be ok in the bar's parking lot.

We went inside his house and he asked if I wanted some champagne. I told him that I would.

He came out with a tray of assorted cheeses and two champagne flutes and a chilled bottle of bubbly. He popped the cork and we enjoyed cheese and champagne.

After a while he leaned over and kissed me and told me that he really enjoyed our times at the beach. I told him that I, too, enjoyed it very much.

He really knew how to kiss. It made my body quiver with excitement.

He put his hand on my chest and started massaging my nipples through my shirt. I instantly got rock hard. He started kissing my neck and nibbling on my ear lobes. I thought I would cum right there.

I knew that this was going somewhere further than we had gone before. Being with him at the beach, I didn't bother showering after work but now it was different. I asked him if I could use his shower to get clean before this went any further. He said "Sure."

He got me a towel and showed me where the shampoo and body wash were.

As I showered, I had an erection that wouldn't quit. I got myself very clean and was glad that I had shaved my balls and cock so that there was no hair at all in my pubic region. I dried off and put on a robe that Dan had left for me.

I came out of the bathroom and Dan called to me to come out to his pool. He was also wearing a robe and I hoped that he was naked under it as I was. He had a nice pool in his back yard with a hot tub that was bubbling already. I could see the heat rising from the bubbles.

Dan asked if I would like to spend some time in the hot tub and I said yes. He took off his rode and was naked. He stepped into the hot tub. I took my robe off and walked over to the side of the hot tub. He said, "Don't get in yet." I asked why. He said that with all the fun and pleasure we had so far in the last few weeks, he had never seen me naked. I got so excited as he looked me over. He even asked for me to turn around for him. I did that gladly as I want him to see all of me. I could feel his eyes on my body. It felt like he was touching me all over.

He said, "Wow!" and motioned for me to come over and get in.

The water was very hot and he had two more glasses of champagne for us.

As we were sipping our bubbly, I felt his foot go between my legs and rub my cock, which was really standing at attention.

His foot felt so good and so right rubbing my cock. He moved across the hot tub and leaned in to me and kissed me long and deep like I knew he could. I didn't notice anything else but his tongue darting in and out of my mouth and licking inside my mouth. I soon realized that he was holding and stroking my cock. He reached farther down and started massaging my balls. I was reeling! His tongue in my mouth, his hand stroking my cock and massaging my balls. The hot tub was hot and bubbling and the champagne was going to my head, maybe both of them.

He pulled away and got out of the hot tub. He held out his hand and I took it. He told me that he always like to jump in the pool after the hot tub and he jumped in. I followed and it was, to say the least, invigorating.

He got out and again held out his hand. I took it again and he helped me out of the pool. He grabbed a towel and very gently dried me off while kissing me gently on my neck.

None of my friends were gay nor did they know that I liked men. So, this was something that had not happened to me in quite a while. I was loving it and taking it all in without taking it for granted.

After we were dried off, he took my hand and led me into his bedroom. He had a king size bed, there were mirrors around the room at bed height so you could see them while in bed. There was also a big round convex mirror on the ceiling so that when you looked up, you could see the entire bed.

I asked about the mirrors. He got sort of a sad look on his face and I asked what was wrong. He said that they were there because his wife liked them when she was alive. He said he couldn't bring himself to take them down. I told him that I thought that they were sexy and exciting. He again started to smile. His sadness was gone.

He sat down on the edge of the bed and turned me away from him and pulled me in backward to him. He started kissing my back, up and down my spine. I had never been treated like this before, so sensual. He massaged my ass and then turned me around.

He took my cock into his mouth and I almost melted. He sucked me for a few minutes then pulled me on to the bed with him. We laid next to each other, holding each other.

My cock was so hard that I thought it would burst out of its skin. I reached down to find his cock just as hard as mine. I started kissing his chest, licking and sucking on his nipples. I went down even farther and found his cock with my mouth. I started sucking it and pushing it down my throat. I found I liked doing it for him as much as her liked receiving it.

After a few minutes of sucking his wonderful cock, he took my cock in his mouth and we were both sucking each other. In and out, hard cocks, hot mouths. My sensations were going from feeling his cock in my mouth to feeling his mouth on my cock and back again in waves. I don't know how long we did this but all of a sudden my mouth was filled with his sweet cum. That made me burst my load into his mouth. There is nothing better than cumming and receiving cum at exactly the same time. My mind forgot where I was and my body just took over. It seemed like we came forever and I liked it that way.

After I had milked him dry, we both rolled over on our backs next to each other. He crawled up to me so we were face to face and we kissed. I still had the taste of his cum in my mouth and I could taste my cum in his mouth when we exchanged tongues. I had never felt this good before now.

We laid next to each other for quite a while just breathing. After several minutes of recuperation, he started rubbing my leg. He rolled me onto my side and cuddled close behind me. He was sensually rubbing my chest, stomach and legs while holding me close from behind. He told me that what we had just done was wonderful and I told him I agreed. I told him that I haven't felt this good in a very long time. He said it had been a long time for him too.

He started moving down my back, kissing as he went. I was squirming. 

When he got down to my ass, he started licking in the top of the crack. Then he got lower and lower. Soon he was tickling my hole with his tongue. He stuck his tongue in my hole. I loved it. I had not been eaten like that in many, many years. I pushed back hard against his face and he stuck his tongue further in my ass. He tongued and licked my ass for a long time making me moan and moan. It felt so good that I didn't want it to stop.

He pulled his face away and I felt his finger playing with my hole. I just let my body go and react by itself to what he was doing, His finger was darting in and out of my ass and my body was moving without me. His finger was making my whole body shake as it slid in and out of my waiting ass. He put two fingers in and slowly slid them in and out. I could only feel my hole at that time and it felt good. Now three fingers were going into my ass, in and out slowly then way in and held there for a minute. 

He pulled his fingers out again and his tongue was in my ass again, darting in and out and feeling oh, so good.

After a few minutes of tonguing, he pulled away and picked up a bottle of massage oil and put some on my ass cheeks and dribbled it in my crack and around my hole. His fingers again entered me and took some of the massage oil in with them.

I was still laying on my side when I felt his hard cock move up and down in the crack if my ass. It was driving me crazy. The head of his cock would pass by my hole and I would think it was going in but it just went past to do it again.

After driving me nuts with his cock sliding up and down my ass, he stopped it at the hole, just massaging the rim with the head of his wonderful dick. He grabbed my hip and slowly pulled me, pushing the head of hid cock into my ass. Just the head was in there and my asshole started twitching and squeezing his cock uncontrollably. He pulled it out and my body shook with pleasure. He again put just the head in and pulled it out. My body was wanting the whole thing and I couldn't even tell him that. The head went in and out and in and out.

Finally, he stopped with the head in and waited. My hole was twitching and squeezing. Then, he slowly pushed it all the way in and I squealed. He ask if he hurt me and I said, "Oh God No! You feel wonderful inside me."

He began to slide his beautiful dick in and out very slowly. I could not feel the rest of my body, just my hole as his cock slid in and out, rubbing the muscle around my hole. He had the perfect cock for sucking and for fucking. After fucking me slowly, taking 10 seconds or so to go in and the same time to pull out, he started going a little faster, in and out and in and out. Faster and faster, harder and harder but my ass and I were loving it. He got into a rhythm that made my body move exactly opposite of him. He was making love to me and I was making love to him uncontrollably! My body was moving to his loving cock and I was not doing it.

Soon I could hear his body slapping my ass in the fucking movement. We were just going and going. I was squealing and panting. He started to moan very loudly and fuck me faster and harder. He came in me like a freight train and that made me cum too, all over the sheets in front of me. I was screaming then and so was he.

He fucked me for a good two minutes longer after cumming and I didn't want it to stop.

Finally, he pulled me in close to his chest and held me. We laid there for about 30 minutes. I could feel his cock slowly pulling out of my ass on its own.

He was the first to move as he got up and went into the bathroom. He came back a few minutes later with a warm washcloth and wiped up the cum that was around my ass.

I rolled over and grabbed his head and pulled it to me and kissed him as if I would never see him again.

I told him that I had never been made love to this sensually before. He smiled and said "What a compliment, No one has ever said that to me before." We kissed again trying to wrap our tongues around each others.

After a round of passionate kissing, he said that we needed some snacks. He handed me a robe and we went to his kitchen. He had some hummus and crackers and we feasted on that until it was gone.

We them went to his living room and sat down. He turned on the TV and hit play on the Blue Ray player and there was a video of two guys making love. Sucking each other. I was getting turned on again and I could tell he was too.

I opened his robe and leaned over and started licking and sucking his balls. I just could not get enough of him. His cock was just the right length that I could deep throat him and man it felt so good to suck him. I was imagining doing it to him at the beach the very first time. Every time I sucked him, it was as good as the first time. Maybe even better.

He got rock hard and I climbed on him while he was in a sitting position on the couch. Facing him, I spread my legs over him and sat down slowly on his throbbing cock. I watched his eyes roll back as his hard cock went deep inside me. I was squishing down as hard as I could to get every bit of his cock inside me.

I lifted up and sat down, lifted up and sat down, over and over again. Then, there was that rhythm again. My body was doing what it wanted or maybe what his cock wanted.

He exploded into me and I swear I could feel his hot cum splashing in my ass. We pumped uncontrollably until he was drained. I would have sat there for eternity but he asked me to move off his cock and move my cock up to his face.

He licked my balls for a while then started sucking my cock. He gave me a blowjob like I'd never had before. I screamed as I exploded into his mouth. I couldn't stop cumming. He sucked me until I had nothing left and I fell off of him onto the couch at his side.

He took me to his bedroom again and we laid down on the bed exhausted. We both fell asleep with him spooning me.

When I awoke, he was no longer in bed and I could hear the shower. I got up and sneaked into the bathroom. I started watching him shower. His beautiful cock was dripping soap and water.

Suddenly, he saw me. He jumped a little then relaxed. I told him that I was sorry that I startled him and he opened the shower door for me to get in with him. I got in and he turned to face me. I noticed a seat built into the shower so I sat down and that made his cock available for sucking.
