 There was not enough praying I could do, not enough time spent reading the Holy Word that wouldn't get those two out of my head. It wasn't a relationship thing, like they both said. I didn't love them, not like that. 

 At least I thought I didn't. As brothers, sure. In the trenches, on Sundays, Mondays, a few Thursdays, we stood there and demanded nothing but the best from others and ourselves for sixty minutes. That was something different, something powerful, a bond that no one could replicate. 

 This though--this was more cardinal. And that's why it bothered me. I had never acted on such things even when faced with the opportunity in college. Women were easy to turn down because I knew one day I'd marry one. But them...

 I was honestly going to think myself to death. I had gotten a text from David--"Tichard's coming in for a visit, he would like to see you"--and felt the hairs stand up on the back of my neck. I should say no. That's what the Good Lord would want me to do. To try and save my soul, that's what I needed to do.

 Instead I texted back, "What time?" 

 I knew the weakness of man knew no bounds but this was insane. 

 I changed while waiting, grabbing a white polo shirt and jeans and briefly considered shaving before tossing the idea out of the window. If I did, I'd look like I was twelve which was the reason I grew the beard in the first place. My arm was sore from throwing in practice along with throwing before it and after it. People said I couldn't be a quarterback, that my mechanics were off, that I should be a half back.

 I had always liked proving people wrong. This was just one more opportunity to do so. When I looked back at my phone, I had an address and time and I swallowed. An hour from now. And it looked like a residential address. That meant...

 "My God in heaven," I muttered but still grabbed my keys and made sure my dog had enough to eat before leaving. I had a long drive ahead of me. 

 - 

 David lived as I expected--his house was big but not something absolutely insane, in a nice and normal neighborhood...well, 'normal' for Hoboken, New Jersey. He didn't seem the type to need elevators in his house or the other extravagant things people bought and I felt calmed by that fact. I parked and walked up the gravel driveway, hesitating before ringing the doorbell. Before I could talk myself into getting back into the car, the door opened, a tall smiling blonde woman on the other side. "Carey Sanders," she surmised and invited me in. "I'm Abby, David's wife, come in!" 

 I swallowed and stepped forward, looking around. Everything seemed...normal, right down to the kids toys scattered about in the living room. I don't know what I was expecting but his house still mildly surprised me--it didn't look like a professional player lived there. "Thank you, Mrs. Williams," I said sincerely. "You have a beautiful home." 

 She chuckled, shutting the door behind and throwing a teddy bear over the couch. That was greeted by a little kid laughing and Abby sighed. "Thank you, however I did say 'Abby'. Making me feel like an old lady," she pointed out. "Ava, get from under there! We have company." 

 Brown eyes and messy brown/blonde hair tied into a pony tail popped up over the back of the couch, curious. "Vic?" she asked, confused. 

 "No honey, not Victor. This is Carey. Can you say "hi" to Carey?" Abby asked. The toddler looked like a mix of her two parents, not one feature dominating the other and I gave a little wave of encouragement. 

 "Hi there!" I said cheerfully and Ava laughed, bouncing, braced against the couch. Everyone told me I have a way with kids, that I can make them happy even when they were in the hospital feeling awful. It was something I enjoyed, sometimes even more than football.

 "She thinks everyone is the famous receiver; he plays with Ava all the time when he comes over. I was going to take her shopping while you and the boys hung out," Abby explained, picking her daughter up who gave me an enthusiastic wave. "Besides, this isn't a party I'm particularly invited to." Her smile was knowing and I knew my face was a riot of blushing. 

 "Abby, I--"

 "Oh don't worry about it," she waved off, reaching for her purse. "You see this baby girl? I never intend for her to have siblings that don't come from me. Besides, I've known about him and his brother since I met him college. It doesn't faze me anymore." At my look, Abby gave me a sympathetic look. "Your religion makes this a problem, doesn't it?"

 I looked away. "Yes. I never intended--" I started and then tried to start again. "Richard--"

 She rolled her eyes, grabbing the keys off of a night stand. "That explains some things. I love my brother-in-law. He's a good man, funny, giving, caring," she listed. "But he can be a...jerk." The word choice was for her daughter and I wasn't surprised at the substitution. "It's hard wired in him. David is too but to a lesser degree--I think it's a quarterback thing. You have it too just you haven't used it yet. David! Carey's here, I'm heading out with Ava! Love you!"

 "Alright. Love you you guys too!" he called from upstairs and Abby did the last thing I expected: she kissed me on the cheek. 

 "Good luck," she said sincerely, attempting to give me the courage that I was sorely lacking. Ava took that as a challenge to grab my shirt and I laughed, tickling her briefly. Kids.

 Abby gave a dramatic sigh but it was tinged with a laugh. "Well, I think I found a babysitter," she quipped, shifting the baby onto her shoulder. "Don't hesitate to stop by, no matter what happens, alright?"

 I was only able to offer a weak nod as in return and stood there, confused for a few seconds, even as Ava waved enthusiastically as mother and daughter left. How can a wife be fine with all of this? It didn't make sense. None of this made sense.

 Including the fact that I was standing there. I should be home, I should be watching film or napping or lifting weights, not here, not wondering if--

 "Carey," David said from the stairs and I looked up, eyes wide. "Come on. Windows down there, none up here." He was wearing jeans too but a team issued t-shirt that had seen better days with a hole on the shoulder but I figured that was because he was at home. David seemed annoyed at his hair--I guess it was a bit long for him--and pushed it back over his forehead, muttering something that I'm sure was a few swear words strung together at the fact it was starting to hang into his eyes. I pulled off my sneakers and sat them by the door, padding dutifully up the stairs like a lost dog.

 The fact that both my 'dog catchers' were now in front of me didn't help my nerves. There were two couches, three recliners, a pretty big television--55 inches or so--and a bar. Just like David said, there were no windows, the walls painted dark blue. Everything was comfortable, relaxing, a true 'man cave' if I ever saw one.

 Richard had his shoes off as well, an ankle propped on his knee and an arm thrown over the back of the couch. Easy going, casual as you please in cargo shorts and a black polo shirt, short hair slightly messy. When he looked at me, I faltered for a split second before walking in, swallowing. Richard saw the hesitation and smirked, waving an arm for me to come in. "Carey, you know I don't bite," he said.

 I had a bite mark for a few days that said otherwise but I didn't voice that thought. I shook their hands and sat in a recliner opposite of them, unconsciously picking my nails before I chastised myself to stop. Between that and cracking my knuckles, it was something I was trying to stop because I only did it when I was nervous. It wasn't that I was scared of them, I was scared of what they could do to me. Not hurt me but make me forget the Word I was sworn to. 'There are times where I knew I should've been a monk, a preacher, that it was a calling that I--'

 "How's training camp going?" David asked, flopping onto the couch. He'd always be the least threatening of the two...though not by much. Even with two titles and all of that, he still managed to have that half goofy, teenage quality that made me feel a little more comfortable than the snarky, tightly regulated, semi-authoritarian personality of his brother.

 "Ah, well. I've actually been taking snaps as quarterback," I assured them. "No one has been treating me poorly. Thank you. For that," I said sincerely.

 "You are quite welcome," Richard actually smiled and didn't look like he was contemplating eviscerating a Tampa two defense like I had done with the cows on my farm back home. "Now what is this I hear about now the three of us? About Trust?"

 I stopped breathing and I knew by the look on their faces I must have seemed like I was going to panic. "I...well, I told David that I only trust you two. I mean, for this," I admitted and even then it felt wrong coming from my lips. I couldn't take them back however. I'd said them and now I was going to have to live with it for the rest of my life, regardless of what happened after this point.

 David scratched the back of his neck, thinking. "Saying you trust us leaves the door open for a lot," he reminded me. "It's not that complicated but--do you even know how gay intercourse even works?"

 Annoyed, I snorted. "I assume something about dicks in asses but I could be wrong." 

 We looked at each other seriously for a moment before cracking up laughing, the three of us wiping tears from our eyes, weezing. Ok, I hadn't meant to be that forward and really didn't mean to swear but there it was. Oops.

 Being the first to recover, Richard grinned, still chuckling a bit. "Basic concept, sure," he replied. "But there's obviously more to it than that. You just can't...go or someone is going to get hurt. You weren't even curious enough after our first encounter to research? I know you have the internet at your disposal."

 Good Lord, could I get any redder? "I was but I, uh refrained," I confessed. "I still, even if not in here, my faith...that's something I can't leave behind easily."

 "Nor do we expect you to," David assured me softly. "The minute you say it's over, then it is."

 "Agreed," Richard said solemnly. "We invited you over to tell you that. I am not going to be able to travel to New York as much as I did before. Too much going on, too much for me to learn in Denver. So David here will watch over you. That doesn't mean however I will be a stranger. Buying a private jet was one of my few splurges."

 The younger brother rolled his eyes. "Oh, you're worth about a billion dollars, I'm sure it didn't break the bank."

 "Half a billion--how do I put up with you?"

 "Easy. You love me," David said with a grin and Richard grabbed him in a head lock, the two of them play fighting for a moment before regaining their composure. I respectfully tried to hide my laughter but failed. Goofing off was the last thing I expected them to do.

 Actually, that was a lie. There were plenty of "last things" I never expected them to do. But they did. I swallowed and tried to appear nonchalant. 'Great, don't think about that now, they'll be able to tell, I know it--'

 "Looks like Carey is thinking and thinking hard," Richard observed and I winced slightly. Yeah, they noticed. Oh, hell.

 "I was just thinking that most people don't get to see you like this," I feinted. The oldest of the three of us raised both eyebrows and I knew that he knew I was grasping at straws and tried again. "And that this is the last place I'd expect myself to be."

 David toyed with his hair again, snorting. "Yeah, I'd put money on that," he replied. "Still, we can give you some porn if it'd help--"

 "I think our lamb will need more than that. Perhaps a more...visual aid."

 "Like porn isn't visual--oh." David stopped, before smiling. "Thought you'd wait until he left for that."

 This was not happening. They weren't going to do this, not in front of me. I went to talk and opened my mouth but no sound came out. What did they expect me to do? Just sit there? Or even...join in? What was my part in all of this?

 Richard stood, crossing his arms. "Ah, no need to panic Carey," he said. "You do not have to stay. It's just been quite a long time since my brother and I have...been together. And I had a few surgeries that kept me out of commission from both him and my wife so you'll pardon if I try to make up for lost time." David started to stand but his brother tisked at him. "Sit, baby brother. I intend on coming back down there in a minute. Well?"

 "I...I'll stay." Almighty, what was I saying? "What should I do?"

 "Sit. And watch."

 -

 I didn't get off on fear but when Carey looked at me--blue with a hint of gray, purely petrified but unable to look anywhere else--I felt goosebumps race across my skin. 'Power was and is always better than fear. And it makes me wonder just how much power I have over this young man,' I thought before looking back down at my brother. "Couch big enough or do we have to get rug burn?" I asked sitting next to him. David didn't get a chance to respond because I kissed him, hard.

 He always fought me; it was in his nature being the younger brother and sometimes I lost, rarely on purpose. He was the only one so far in the Game that could match me, surpass me, even if he didn't think so. Which is why I intended to hand him the mantle long after I was gone--David didn't look like it but something about the quiet ones people always said. 

 Today though, I didn't intend on losing, not in front of our audience and not with how long it had been. I made that apparent by biting his lip not particularly hard but enough that it got my point across. "I plan on winning this round, baby brother," I whispered trying to control my breathing, tugging at his shirt. 

 David pulled it the rest of the way off and gave a mock pout, getting rid of my polo and tossing it to the floor. His hands were quick, slightly calloused and ran across my skin like he'd done it a hundred times before. Which he might have. We stopped counting a while ago. 

 "Not like you don't win normally anyway," he muttered and I snickered, biting his neck. It was bit like masturbation in a way--my brother and I looked alike, were the same build although I was taller and a bit more bulky. Either way, it was amusing and more than a bit arousing. 

 I got what I wanted, a moan but let me know that he was ceding control to me and I couldn't stop the growl that crawled out of my throat. "Pardon if I'm not completely...thorough," I apologized, shoving David on his back. "It's been, what, two months?" 

 He went to buck me off, a feint really but enough to let me know he wasn't just giving up because I said so. I wrestled for a bit with him until I was securely on top, panting from the exertion of keeping someone as strong as me pinned and for other obvious reasons.

 "Bad David," I smirked and he tried to sit up but fell back when I squeezed his wrists, sighing.

 "You're such an ass," he breathed, closing his eyes.

 I had to laugh at that. "Of course I am. But don't I make it worth it?" I bent to lick a nipple before biting down, making him whimper loudly before he swallowed any other noise he would make. It took me a minute to get David out of his jeans and he reached over his head to toss me a tube of lotion. 

 "I need to walk later," he reminded me and I nodded, leaning forward to give him a slow kiss. 

 "When am I not careful?" I purred and wrapped a hand around his erection, stroking almost absentmindedly. "I always watch after my brother."

 He groaned quietly as I worked him slowly, carefully. I had my reasons--stretching someone contrary to most people's knowledge hurts. A lot. And since I was a bit over average, I was going to have to be sure not to cause any discomfort. Luckily I was an old hat at this and I squeezed a bit of lotion on my finger, rubbing it against his opening before pushing in with one finger.

 David sighed but pushed back against me, his body saying what he wouldn't out loud. He was always quiet, even here and it made me smile and envy him just a bit. There were only a handful of times in memory where I allowed myself to be topped--never by him--and goddamn did it hurt bad enough that I let that be known by swearing enough that even I blush in remembrance. I took that experience and always made sure to be a bit gentle, methodical. 

 At least to start. 

 Minutes passed, me touching him with one hand trying to take his mind off of what the other hand was doing until David was ready and I tapped his thigh, asking him to turn over. He gave me an exaggerated eye roll but obliged, reaching for a condom for him and one for me so he didn't mess up the couch and I didn't mess up him. We used them when pretty much we needed a quick clean up and even in my slightly sex hazed mind, I realized that I didn't need to add couch cleaning to my schedule today. My shorts and boxer-briefs found their way to the floor quickly and finally touched myself, shuddering. Damn, it had been too long. 

 I gave David a kiss on the small of his back--after all, this was my brother--before grabbing my erection and pushing against him, sliding in carefully. He grunted, probably from pain, before silencing any further noise in the pillow he grabbed and buried his face in. He was hot, smooth, even through the latex and let myself sigh, knowing that feeling would never get old. "Come on David, that's cheating," I admonished, giving him a hard thrust and he gasped, shaking his head quickly. 

 "You're that insistent I scream for you, huh? Always...want it all," he scoffed. 

 Yeah, we were definitely related. Even if he didn't act like it all the time, David had an asshole gene in him that he let out on rare occasions, something all quarterbacks needed to have. He didn't like to, always felt there was a better way, a more peaceful way, but it made me grin like a schoolgirl when I heard it.

 Fighting a little emotional twinge, I rubbed my hands along his spine. "Always," I breathed. I flexed inside of him, a moan that finally let me know what I was doing felt more than a little good. Moving slowly, I felt David relax and I let myself growl--a real growl that was low and deep. My brain started to fuzz out until I barely heard David's quiet and unmistakable whine but when it registered, I grabbed his hips hard enough to cause bruises. "What was that?" I said, almost threateningly but not quite.

 "Fucking hell, Richard--stop toying with me!" David snarled and glared at me over his shoulder. I laughed, tugging on his hair which was a bit longer than he normally kept it and slammed hard into him, making him yelp. I loved that sound probably more than anything else he could do. Surprise and horny all wrapped up in a little package just for me.

 "You asked for it," I hissed, bending to bite the center of his spine and left a red mark that made him cry out. My nails weren't long enough to draw blood but they left welts across his back as I thrusted harder, faster. The familiar buzz of orgasm started to creep up my back and I shivered, trying to hold it off. I didn't care if David was close, I didn't care if Carey was watching me or I shouted loud enough that the neighbors heard. All I was concerned about was fucking him long enough to climax which was not my usual MO but I knew I had time to make up for it later.

 Dimly I heard David yell but it was him flexing around me that let me know he'd climaxed and from the feel of things climaxed hard. Him squeezing tight was the final straw and I tossed back my head, letting a loud and low moan as I came and came hard. My arms could barely support me and I shivered, giggling quietly from the high as I pulled out of him, falling backwards a bit ungracefully. 

 "My hand...smells like fucking...rubber," David panted and I laughed even louder, pulling on the end of my condom so I could throw it away. I poked my brother to turn over so I could free his now softening erection and he winced when I grabbed him, peeling the plastic off. "Heavy handed as always."
