 I think one of the nicest things that happened to me was just after my eighteenth birthday when my new mate Jimbo as I called him, took my jalopy to the coast and hired out a caravan for the weekend.

And what a weekend it turned out to be!

Had we not spent a night in the same place we may never have achieved the secrets in our minds, inhibited as they were because I guess neither of us wanted the other to know of our leanings.

There was always the thought that by doing so it may ruin a perfectly happy friendship which I certainly didn't want to jeopardise that - even if privately, I fancied the pants off of Jimbo.

Imagine the surprise when I realised, through a stupid accident, that Jimbo felt exactly the same about me and for similar reasons did not want me to know of his carnal thoughts.

But I tell you what; it made for a very thrilling and exiting exposure when that evening, chilling in the caravan and listening to our favourite numbers, we could not get out fast enough our tell of our deepest aspirations for each other, and what made it all the more exiting was that our fantasies were similar.

When I felt the bottle of cider slip through my hands as I poured it out into Jimbo's glass I just could not stop it and the whole caboose spilled over onto his shorts.

I was lost for words, dumbfounded as on the one hand I wanted to apologise but on the other felt the sex buds arouse nto my being as I pleasured myself with the look of him in wet nylon shorts, what is it about wet shorts and wet vests what can be such a turn on? He had a beautiful lunch- box which the glistening wetness showed up in almost every detail, the size, the outline of all his tackle.

I guess the apology did eventually come out but also the expression on my face must have been obvious that I was attracted to him - and so from that moment things quickly progressed and it was me removing his wet shorts and squeezing them out in the sink, then hanging them out on the garden line to dry.

When I got back Jimbo just stood there. He was holding himself in such a way I could tell he was so horny even although he was slightly turned away from me - I could still see the tip of his erection from where I was standing.

He didn't say a word, I guess this was all about my response, would I react favourably or not - and that if I did would I be doing anything about it?

It must have seemed pretty obvious I wanted to get to know him in that way by then, I felt my face heat up as I stood there motionless, waiting for hopefully his next move...

He turned around fully displaying a wonderfully gorgeous hunk of manhood to me, it looked even bigger than I imagined and I felt no embarrassment at all about closing to him, kneeling and taking the head deeply into my mouth.

My first memory of that was the earthiness of its flavour and the pungent smell which was an instant turn on.

At that moment that is what I wanted to do - like it was the most natural thing in the world and to start sucking him was instinctive, like the way I massaged his wonderfully firm ripe balls.

The sounds he was making even made me feel more horny than ever I could have imagined.

"Don't stop, don't stop Pete" he said grasping the back of my head, pressing it like he wanted me to take him deeper - and I was soon learning the art of deep throat sucking, learning by trial and error just how to do it without gagging, taking short inhalations between sucking. The feel of cock in my mouth soon became one of the most exiting things I enjoyed with Jimbo next to his fuck.

That night I felt his fuck for the first time. We had talked most of the evening after he'd cum over my face about ourselves - and those pent up feelings now freed and it was so wonderful. It soon led to our touching and feeling each other in different ways, discovering that we both liked best.

At that time going through my mind was who would play the guy part, for me I felt it would be nice to take the feminine role, the thought of him entering me was electric. But I needn't have worried, I did not have to say anything because the way he wanted my ass said it all - and I was pleasured to the most wonderful massage stretched across his lap as he said he would like me, stripped naked and all, it felt so good to be subservient to him, to feel the excitement in his hands and fingers as he let his feelings free and experimented doing things to me down there.

It was so wonderful that Jimbo and I had discovered our real leanings, and with each other too, it was not easy for him get inside me that first time, I was tight but he seemed to take the occasion to press his head neatly between my cheeks, stretching them as wide as can be and gave me a good long sucking, balling and wanking at the same time which really was heaven on earth.

I suggested some ;lubrication and he quickly went to the bathroom returning with some baby oil and eventually with care., slipping first one finger up me and then two and then three, he sighed that I should be ready then. I felt I was, I felt numb and very wanting, I certainly knew my leaning then if not before, bending over the edge of the bed was the best position decided for the first go, I felt him touching me with that stiff extremity so warm and so good, he seemed to be missing the centrepiece in his haste to get it into me and I grasped him and guided him to the spot, and then feeling it stretch me where his fingers had just done before was so thrilling even although it hurt some.

Somehow, Jimbo in grasping my thighs to make for a steady implantation, eventually entered me with some trepidation and I felt the need for more cock inside and told him so,

"You want cock, you shall have cock" he yelled with gusto, revving his sex up now which I liked very much, the initial pain soon changed ro a wonderful pleasurable numbness as he worked his ripe cock into me, was this going to be a precedence of things to come, that he would master me and take me at his will, I hoped so because the idea suited me fine, at that moment I simply wanted to be all ass for him any which way and loose? He could fuck the sense our of me until I was numb, until I could still feel him inside me after his fuck and still taste his nectar in my throat.

So the caravan weekend was not just a holiday as that which was deemed. But much, much more and it has given both Jimbo and I a wonderfully new look at life and just how good sex with another guy can be.