 Hey. Sorry. I know this has been a long wait, but I wanted to get it right to do justice to my characters. Not a lot of sex because I didn't feel I could do the M/M scenes right, but a lot of things get resolved and well, I like the overall story. You should read the first two just get why a lot of things happen, but that's just my opinion. I hope you all enjoy it. Feel free to leave comments, send feedback, and vote. As always, good reading to all of you.

S.J.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

As Julian lead the way, Derek looked around his bedroom. The man seemed to have the organized chaos thing going on from what he could tell. Stacks of paper jumbled a small table next to the wall, clothes in various shades scattered the floor and the duvet hanging off an unmade bed. Julian smiled as he noticed Derek taking in his inner sanctum.

"Had I known you were coming over, I would have cleaned up more." Julian said as he leaned against the doorjamb.

Derek had wandered around the room, at Julian's words, he turned and smiled before saying, "More? What part of this is clean to you, Jules?"

"Hey! All of it. Sorta. Okay. So the table could be in better order and I need to do my laundry, but haven't had the time for it."

Derek's smile fell. Julian could only imagine where his mind was going and wanted to stop them before it ruined a new beginning.

"Nothing happened."

Derek looked back at his god. No matter what one look at the man could wipe his mind clean.

"Nothing happened with what, Jules?"

"Victor. I mean, something happened, but not physically between us. That's not why I haven't had the time lately."

"I said nothing about Victor."

"No, but you were thinking about he and I together. It was written all over your face so do me a favor and not lie to me."

"Fine. I was thinking about it. I don't like him."

"Why? You barely met and he was nothing but nice to you. So I have to assume that I'm to blame for your dislike."

"Blame? No. No one is to blame. I told you how I felt about you. Now I'd like to know the same, Jules."

"How I feel about you? I like you. A lot. I like you so much it scares me. You remind me too much of someone who hurt me in the past. I don't want to be an experiment to you, Derek. I want a relationship. One that means something."

Derek moved to stand in front of Julian. He held the man's hands in his own. "You aren't an experiment. I've had thoughts about men in the past, but never had the balls to act on it. I met you and the connection I felt with you, I can't and won't ignore anymore. Let me show you that this is nothing like you're past. I would never hurt you. Jules. I've already started to fall for you."

Julian still looked unsure, so Derek continued. "I'm really serious here. I want to date you and know everything there is to know about you. I spend all my time thinking about you. Um ... Can we leave your bedroom though? Now that I'm thinking clearly it's far too tempting."

Julian laughed and walked back into the living room. Sitting on the couch, he thought about exactly what he wanted. He wanted to express that to Derek, but he also had to be sure.

"I told that I really like you, Derek. I'd like to be in a real relationship with you, but I need you to be completely sure."

"I am, Jules. Really. I ... I should tell you something though."

"Uh oh."

"No. It's not like that. Not really anyway. I was drinking last night and I, well, I have a date tonight."

"You ... You have a date? With who?"

"This guy Peter. I met him last night in the bar."

"Um ... Well, I guess you can date whoever you want to, Derek. Tonight and tonight only. I still have the date with Victor tonight so I can't really tell you anything."

Derek breathed a sigh of relief. He really hoped that Jules wouldn't be mad at him. He still didn't tell him everything though.

"Jules, there's one more thing."

"Omg. What now, D?"

"I.. Nothing. I guess you'll find out sooner or later. I have to go though. I'll talk to you later on."

"Alright. I'll talk to you later."

Julian walked Derek to the door. Before Derek left, he pulled Jules into him and gave him a long kiss. When they separated, they both smiled.

"I'll never get tired of doing that, Jules."

"Glad to hear it, D. Now get out of here. I have to go to work soon."

Derek smiled and left. Julian closed the door and had a huge grin on his face. Then as his thoughts began to hit him, he realized that he still had quite a few things to handle before everything would be as it should. Jules moved through his apartment and got ready to go to work. Everything else would have to wait until he got off of work.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Derek had been on cloud nine since he stepped off the elevator at the ground floor of Jules' building. He couldn't wait until he would be able to go on a actual date with his god without worrying about who he'll see once they aren't together.

For all his emotions though, Derek hadn't stopped to think about what his newly discovered preference meant. He was sure the guys at work wouldn't care, but he didn't know how his parents were going to take it. They'd never discussed such things. Derek's head hung a little as he thought about all the ways that conversation could go wrong. Should he have Jules there when he told them? Would they think less of him? What would Jase think?

Walking into Central Park, Derek made up his mind that he would tell them alone first. Tonight. He knew his feelings for Jules wasn't going anywhere. So the sooner they knew, the better for everyone. He could only hope that when his parents said they'd love him no matter what, they sincerely meant it.

When Derek was about to head towards a empty bench, his phone rang.

"Hello?" He answered.

"Hey, Derek. It's Peter."

"Oh! Hey, Peter. How are you today?"

"I'm doing pretty well. I was calling to make sure we were still on for tonight."

"Definitely. I'm really looking forward to it."

"Me too. Well, I gave you the address last night and I'll be ready by 6."

"Perfect. I'll pick you up then, but there's something I have to do before I go to dinner. I'll explain then, okay?"

"Fine by me. See you then."

"Bye."

"Bye."

Derek had a smile on his face because outside of all his fears, he was happy with everything that was happening. He just hoped Jules was dealing as well.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Julian had really needed work as a distraction. He had so much in his head that it'd taken 4 Tylenol's and 8 hours to get rid of it. It was 5 in the evening and although he didn't want to be around Victor after their disagreement this morning, he really wanted to see Callie.

He showered and stood in front of his closet trying to decide what to wear. His sculpted body still glistening with water, only the fluffy white towel cover his bottom half. He decided on comfortable and casual. He pulled out one of his v-neck silk shirts, and a pair of his black slacks. He was sure Victor would enjoy the way the outfit presented his body. Part of him really did want to have fun with his Hispanic Adonis one more time, the other part wished that Derek could see him in the very outfit. Shaking the thoughts from his head, water dripped from his shaggy blonde hair.

Turning away from his closet, Julian saw that it was just after 5:30. He'd been standing in front of his closet lost in thought way too long. He dried his body and dressed. After doing so, he moved to his bathroom to try and style his hair. By 5:50, he'd given up and decided to leave it as it was. Making his way to the elevator, he hoped this would be at least semi-pleasant.

Victor was just walking into the building as Julian strode off the elevator. Meeting each other near the doors. Victor looked over Julian.

"Hey. You look nice."

"Thanks, Vic. So do you."

Julian meant it. Victor was dressed in a long sleeve light blue button up and khaki slacks. He looked like he was ready to take on the corporate world or lunch at the country club.

"We should get going, Jul."

"Right."

The two men exited the building and got into the waiting cab at the curb. They didn't speak and Julian could sense that this night was going to be very long. 20 minutes later, they were in front of Callie and Jase's place. As Julian got out, he sighed in relief. Making it to the porch and ringing the doorbell, Callie answered.

"Jules! Vic! So glad you two could make it. Almost everyone is here. The guys in the living room watching some game. The girls are helping me in the kitchen." Callie told them as she took lead them down the main hall.

"I'm going to see what they're watching." Victor said before taking off towards the living room.

"Is he alright?" Callie asked.

"Oh yeah. He's fine. He and I together ... Not so much."

"Aww. I'm sorry, honey. Why don't you come into the kitchen and we'll talk about it."

Callie and Julian walked into the kitchen where he was introduced to two other women. A tall African American woman named Stacy and a smaller India woman named Sharif. They were each at the stove stirring something in the pots. Callie handed Julian a knife and pointed towards the vegetables in a bowl on the countertop. He smiled and began to chop the vegetables.

"So tell me. What's going on?"

"Well, we had dinner last night, or we started to. I spaced out and left him at the table to cry myself to sleep in my bedroom apparently."

Callie looked up from peeling a carrot and asked, "Why? Are you okay?"

"Yes, yes. I'm fine. I guess it's just been a stressful and confusing week. Well, you know Derek came into the gym yesterday and you know how it went. I didn't see him again until I was leaving after we talked. He followed me out and apologized, I brushed it off because it's like I didn't get why he was acting so strange with me. I went into the market and he was still following me. I crept up behind him and scared him. Asking why he was still following me. He said it was because he wanted me."

Julian stopped as Callie gasped.

"Yeah, it was surprise to me too. Anyway, I told him I didn't want to be his experiment and left. Then this morning, Victor and I get into it because of something I said while I was out of it. He left upset. I was going to go find Derek, but he was already coming to see me. We ended up making out and in my bedroom. Nothing happened." Julian added after seeing the look on Callie's face, before he kept telling her. "Anyway, we ended up talking and agreed that after tonight we'd both start dating each other. He has a date with some guy named Peter tonight though."

Before Callie could say anything, a voice behind him said, "That would be me."

Julian turned to see a guy in a blue t-shirt and black jeans standing in the doorway.

"You are?"

The guy crossed the room and held out a hand to Julian. "Peter. Derek's date tonight."

Julian shook it as he tried to put it all together in his head. "Wait! Derek is here?"

"Well, he went to talk to his parents about something, but afterwards he will be, yes. You must be Julian."

"Um, yes, I am. Sorry. Julian Fitzgerald."

"That's fine. I seem to caught you by surprise. I'm Peter O'Maliey."

"You did, but that's alright. Pleasure to meet you."

"Likewise. I'm into sports much so I figured I'd give a hand here if you need it."

"That's very nice of you, Peter. We've just about finished actually."

"Oh, alright. Can I still hang out in here?"

"Sure." Callie said and moved to shake his hand. "I'm Callie. The tall one is Stacy and the smaller one is Sharif."

Peter shook Callie's hand and said hello to the other two women. Callie then turned to Julian and after seeing the look on his face said, "Hobby room?"

Julian nodded and excused himself. Callie followed behind. As soon as the door was closed, I said, "Why didn't you tell me he was coming after all?"

"I'm sorry, honey. He called late last night and told me he wanted to come and that he'd be bringing someone. I didn't know that someone was a guy and when I saw you tonight, you looked like you had something on your mind. I was going to tell you though." 

Julian sighed and said it was fine. Before they could continue, there was a knock on the door. Callie and Julian looked at one another before Callie went to answer.

Julian was just walking into the room when he saw Derek taking off his coat. He smiled as he saw Julian.

"Jules. How are you?"

"I'm fine, D. How about you?"

"I'm a hell of a lot better now."

Julian blushed and then froze as he saw Victor come into the main hall. He looked from Julian to Derek and back, then said, "I was coming to see if we could talk, but I guess that's not going to happen."

Julian's jaw dropped by the time he recovered, Victor was turning to leave. "Wait!" He shouted and Victor looked over his shoulder. Julian sighed and continued, "Can we go for a walk? We do need to talk. Dinner won't be finished for a little while longer right, Callie?"

Victor looked at Callie who nodded her head and Victor said, "Sure."

Julian and Victor walked outside so they could figure out what exactly was going on. It was time for Julian to tell the truth.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Callie looked at Derek as he watched Julian leave with Victor. The pain that was there was obvious. Before she could say anything about it, Derek walked into the living room. He'd told his parents and that was a conversation they hadn't seen coming, but once he explained, they were happy for him being able to be open about what he truly wanted. Now he had to tell the man who was like a brother to him.

"Hey, Jase. Can we, um, talk alone for a minute?"

Jase looked over his shoulder and smiled at his best friend before answering, "Sure, bro. Let's go into the den."

Jase and Derek walked into the den. Jase took a swing from his beer while he watched Derek. His best friend seemed to be on edge lately. He didn't like it, and was hoping he could help, but Derek was just looking out of the window lost in thought.

"You okay, D?"

"Huh? Oh! Yeah, Jase, I'm fine. I just need to tell you something."

"What is it?"

"I ... Well, there's only one way I know how to tell you so I'll just say it. Jase, I'm gay. Or bi-sexual that hasn't really been determined, yet, but I like guys."

Jase stopped the beer halfway to his lips and looked at Derek. "You ... Wow. She really is never wrong."

"What? Who?"

"Callie. She said that she got that vibe from you and that you liked Julian. I told her she was crazy, but damn. She really has a sense for this stuff."

Derek blushed. He didn't get how Callie had seen something he'd tried so hard to bury, but he still needed to know something. "Um, so you're okay with it? We're good, right?"

"Yeah, why not? You're not gonna try and hit on me or something like that, are you?"

"What? You? No! I mean, no, dude. You aren't exactly my type and I already have someone in mind."

"Ah! That Peter guy? Callie was telling me about him."

"Peter? No. He's just a friend. I was actually talking about Julian."

"Julian? Dude, you do know he's dating Victor, right?"

"Well, yeah. I'm bi, dude, not blind."

"Ah!" Jase walked over to Derek and hugged him before he said, "Good luck, bro."

With a smile on his face, beer in hand, Jase left. Derek was smiling too. Everything was working out with him. He just hoped that Jules was doing as well.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Julian and Victor ended up in a little park not too far from Callie and Jase's place. Victor was sitting on bench waiting for Julian to explain what was going on.

"Vic, you know I like you, but there is just something between Derek and I that I just can't let go of. I'm sorry. I never wanted this to happen. I never wanted to cause that look on your face, but I have to follow my heart."

Victor didn't say anything for awhile. He just sat on the bench looking at Julian as if willing him to change his mind. When he realized that this was what Julian wanted, he stood as said, "Wow. You know, I actually really liked you, but I just want you to be happy. I can't say that I think it'll be with a guy who just admitted his feelings, but I wish you the best of luck. I just can't stay around you right now. I'll walk you back so I can say goodbye to Callie, okay?"

"Alright. I understand."

Victor stood and walked with Julian, back to the house. By the time he'd said his goodbyes, there was a taxi waiting outside. Victor didn't say bye to Julian, he just left. Callie came behind Julian and slipped an arm around his waist.

"It'll be fine, honey. He just needs to get thinks straight in his mind."

Julian smiled at her and said, "I know. I'll just give him some space. I guess I'll get going too. I hope you enjoy dinner."

"What?! Why are you leaving?"

"This is a couples thing, Callie. With Victor gone, I'm the odd man out. It's fine. We'll get together in a few days. Just the two of us."

Derek had overheard their conversation and said, "No, Jules. Don't go. We all want you to stay. Come on. We'll still have a good time. Please."

Julian was quiet for a minute as he thought about it and then said, "Sure. Fine. I'll stay."

The smile on Derek's face was enough to make Julian light up as well. Everyone at the door looked on and thought it was the cutest thing. Ten minutes later, everyone was seated at the table. Derek and Julian sat next to one another with Peter on the other side Derek. Julian thought it was kind of weird because he felt like he was crashing Julian's date, so before the food was served, Julian moved to the empty chair that was meant for Victor. Derek felt kind of hurt, but didn't have time to ask about it because Callie began saying grace.

Dinner was spent with everyone having a good time. Laughing and getting those whom they didn't. Julian watched as Derek and Peter seemed to really be hitting it off. Outside of their conversation that morning and their brief talk when Derek first arrived, Julian hadn't spoken to the man. The fact that he was now out made it better and worse. He needed to think. Derek could be with anyone now and he didn't know where that left him. He knew what he felt, but he couldn't be lead on that. Derek looked at Julian and could sense something was wrong, but he didn't want to bring it up in front of everyone. When dinner was over, Julian stood and said, "I had a great time, Callie, but I'm gonna head home now."

The frown that formed on Callie's face clearly showed her disapproval. She voiced them next. "No. Why are you in a hurry to go?"

"I'm just tired, Callie. I have a lot to do tomorrow and I'd like to just get home, shower and sleep."

With a sigh, Callie replied, "Fine. I'll walk you out.'

"Don't worry about it, sweetie. My cab should be here by now. I'll call you in a few days." Looking at everyone he said, "I hope you all have a pleasant evening and thank you for the company. Goodbye."

Julian made it to the door before he realized he wasn't alone. He turned to see Derek standing behind him. Turning he was about to speak, but before he could, Derek covered his mouth with his own. The kiss took Julian by surprise, but after the initial shock wore off, Julian pulled back and said, "No. I have to go and your date is waiting for you. We'll talk in a few days, alright?"

Without waiting for an answer, Julian turned and left. He knew that he'd have to deal with everything with Derek, but for now, he needed space and he was going to take it without pressure from anyone.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Derek had no clue what was going on with Jules. He'd attempted to show the man he was still interested in him, but that seemed to make him shut down more. When he'd walked away, Derek felt like he'd never see Jules again. That feeling scared him as much as the last words Jules said. Shaking his head, he went back to the table.
