 It all started when I was reassigned to a new project at work. I was still fairly new and not very comfortable yet with the office culture. The jerk that I worked with on the last project was difficult, and did not do too much to make me feel secure in my new position. In fact, I almost lost my job because of him. Thank god he flunked the random drug test. Now here I was, faced with both a new project AND a new partner. Here we go again...

I thought about quitting and finding something else that I liked better. In fact, I was working on my resignation letter when I was introduced to Taylor, who would work with me on the next project. Thank god I never had the chance to finish that letter! 

I stood to greet Taylor, and it was like looking at me. He was around six feet tall and slim, with dark hair, chiseled features and a slight five o'clock shadow. He had a firm handshake, but it was his eyes that I noticed the most. They were dark brown, and seemed to be searching for something as he looked at me. I somehow sensed that he was a sensitive guy and that we would become fast friends. He smiled and said, "Nice to meet you, Trent. I look forward to working with you."

We developed an immediate rapport as we rolled up our sleeves to put together our project scope. After a few weeks, we found that we had so much in common that it was almost spooky. Other than Taylor being five years younger than I was, our personal lives were much the same. We were both married (at the same church, even!) and we shared that there had not been many girlfriends. In fact, both of us admitted that we were virgins until we met our wives. 

Most guys would try to impress each other with macho talk, but with Taylor it was so different. It was like we were both on truth serum or something. We just connected in a way that I had never experienced before. There was never any shame or embarrassment with anything that we discussed. One day we even compared notes about how hairy we were, even our asses. "All the way up," he had said. Boy, did I enjoy THOSE visuals!

I remember looking at him when he was unaware and just thinking to myself, "Why oh why didn't you show up in my life a few years ago, before I was married?...You DO things to me, dude...DAMN!"

This is where I need to share that I have always been attracted to men. Not all men, but the masculine ones who have a sensitive side. In other words, I was attracted to someone like me! Not a soul in the world knew. I was very alone. I sleepwalked through high school, carrying the heavy weight of that secret everywhere I went. It was with me when I first kissed a girl. It was with me at the prom, in my dreams, and especially when I lay alone at night, touching myself as I imagined my "dream lover" would.

At some point in my early twenties, I resolved to myself that I would live my life as others expected me to, and that I would settle down with a wife that I loved and raise a family. I knew that it would be a challenge at times, but I felt that it was the best thing. Besides, I DID like women.

Fast forward to the present. I have been married to a great woman for several years now, and I do love her very much. We have a son who I think the world of. I decided before we were married that I would be faithful to my wife and that we would grow old together. 

Back then, it began to be difficult to reconcile that commitment toward my wife with the attraction that I felt for Taylor. I fantasized about him more and more, and I started to feel guilty about that. I had to stop. We were both married, and I was afraid of what I was experiencing. I certainly did not want to do or say anything that would jeopardize my friendship with him.

As time went on, Taylor and I talked about sex a lot. We made jokes, poked fun at each other and laughed ourselves silly. One day one of the girls in the office had a bachelorette party during the lunch hour and she received a lot of naughty toys. She smuggled some of them back to the office and we all had a good laugh. 

One of the toys was a six inch erect plastic penis with a spring inside of it. This girl was very shy, so she was mortified by it. Later on, I saw her wrap it up and throw it in the trash can when no one was looking. All I knew was that I had to have it, and that I was somehow going to play a joke on Taylor. When everyone was gone for the day, I secretly took possession of my new toy. 

I waited for the right time, which was the next day, when we were joking about one of the girls (Barbara) in advertising. She was hot, and we decided that she should come over and give us hand jobs when we got bored at work. Taylor was facing me on the other side of the work table. The work table had holes on the surface to accommodate phone and PC cables. I waited until he reached up for a binder off of the shelf. At that moment, I slumped down in my chair and I thrust that plastic penis upward through one of the holes, just in time for him to look down and see it.

The look on his face was priceless. There was a brief moment when he thought "Is that real?,"followed by a smile, some blushing and then his laughter when he realized it was the sex toy from the day before. I kept pushing it up and down and making faces like I was "getting close." He kept egging me on, so I said, "Come on man, I'm almost there, help me out. Where is Barbara when we need her, anyway?" Still laughing, he reached over and put his hand on that plastic penis and stroked the tip.

He whispered, "Barbara is busy. I guess I'll have to stand in for her. Go for it, Trent; make a mess. I'll help you clean up." He grabbed a couple of tissues, for effect. Our eyes met and we stopped laughing. We just kind of looked at each other nervously. I decided that he was pushing the boundary and it made me very excited, but also very scared. I didn't know what to say next.

With the plastic penis still sticking up out of the hole I said, "Mine's about like this, you know." The minute I said that, I was mortified. The toy penis fell to the floor and I straightened up in my chair. God, what made me blurt that out? I was aware of my real penis being very erect. Good thing he could not see that. I felt the heat in my face as I blushed and broke his gaze.

"Trent." I looked back up at him. He was smiling as he said, "Well then, that would make us the same size... Yet another thing that we have in common." 

Not knowing what to say next, I broke eye contact with Taylor, and after an awkward pause, I replied, "Yeah, that's cool." One more furtive glance and we both grew quiet and went back to work. We knew that we were in unchartered territory. I picked up the toy penis, wrapped it back up, and threw it in the trash can. 

I tossed and turned that night in bed. After my wife was asleep, I crept out of bed and went into my study. I dropped my boxers and laid back in my recliner. I jacked off; pretended Taylor's hands were doing the work. It felt so good. I replayed his words over and over again in my mind, "Make a mess, I want to watch. I'll help you clean up." I pinched my nipples, and my cum shot out at the memory of his stroking my fake penis. I lay there with my chest heaving, slicked down with my cum, and I decided that I had to find out if Taylor was attracted to me. His remarks gave me that hope, but I needed to know for sure, even if nothing ever came of it.

Taylor was quiet the next morning, so I decided to break the ice. "Taylor, let's get together with Laura and Beth and have dinner, what do you say?" He smiled and said he would like that. In fact, he wanted to have the dinner at his house. After a couple of phone calls to our wives, it was set for 5:00pm Saturday afternoon. He told me to bring some wine and our swim suits in case we wanted to get into the spa. I felt a very warm feeling creep over me, and I hoped that Saturday would get here quickly.

After introductions and appetizers, it was clear that our wives would get along great. Beth instantly bonded with Taylor's wife, Laura. They loved to shop, liked the same reality TV shows, and giggled a lot at stuff we did not understand. Taylor and I headed out to the grill while the women did their thing. 

It was a nice evening, and I enjoyed being alone with him. Wow, he had a great lot. He was on a cul-de-sac, and his backyard had mature trees and shrubs in all of the right places. It was very private, and just like something out of a magazine. "Hey Taylor, this is a cool backyard. And your spa and dressing room are so secluded! I hope we can find time to take a dip tonight."

"It's heated and ready to go, Trent. I have to tell you, Laura said she would pass; I'm not sure why. She said something about not wanting to sit in real hot water and she mentioned the chlorine. She normally loves going in the spa. I don't get her, sometimes. Did Beth bring her suit?"

"No. I think it was because it was the first time meeting you guys. She told me she was ok with it if I wanted to go in without her, so I brought my suit."

Taylor turned the steaks and poked at the potatoes. He looked at me and smiled his handsome smile. I held his gaze as he stated, "I am hoping we can sneak out here for some guy time at some point."

"That would be cool." I felt all tingly at the thought.

Laura served some Port after dinner was over. Despite its sweetness, it was very high in alcohol. I found that I liked it and I enjoyed two refills. Since I had drunk wine during dinner, I was very loosened up, as was Taylor. He and I were cutting inside jokes and using sexual innuendo about some of the shenanigans we pulled on each other at work. It was a little over-the-top and kind of risky, but we were oblivious due to our inebriated status. I stated how grateful I was that he had given me "a hand" on the situation that had popped up unexpectedly last week, and we laughed like hyenas. 

Laura and Beth laughed because we laughed, but they looked at each other, then at us and asked, "Tell us again why that's so funny?" That just made us laugh harder. Laura rolled her eyes and said to Beth, "As you can see, Taylor is a happy drunk, and it looks like he met his match with Trent. Let's leave these two clowns here with their nonsense, while we go shopping. I asked Taylor this morning to get some Gelato for dessert, which he says that he forgot to do. So we will need to stop at the market as well." She gently flicked his temple with her fingers. He winked at me.

"Laura, be sure to get Passion fruit Gelato. Trent also wants Passion fruit. I'm learning that we pretty much like the same things." I looked at him and wondered what was going on in his mind. 

"You know I have to go across town to Cafe Italia for that, Taylor. Aren't they only open until 10:00? 

"11:00pm on weekends, I think." She looked at him...silence. Ok guys. That means that we won't be home for awhile, so dessert will be very late. I take it you are too drunk to think about Gelato anytime soon, anyway. Beth and I will go to the Galleria and let you two sober up. Maybe you guys can hit the spa since we are not really into that. Don't drown, and be sure to clear the table and have the coffee made by the time we get back, Taylor. Can you two handle that, do you think?"

"Yes," we said in unison, and then we busted up again.

"Ok, see you later." Laura and Beth were both shaking their head as they grabbed their purses and headed for the door.

Taylor then looked at me with what I could only describe as a wicked grin. "Looks like we were just handed some guy time, Trent." 

We started to clear the table. However, as soon as the garage door was down, Taylor stopped clearing and looked at me. "This can wait. Grab your suit and meet me outside, it's spa time. I figured we had plenty of time to clear the table, so I went into the bathroom and put on my swim trunks. I had this giddy, happy feeling, knowing that I had him all to myself, at least for a little while. The thought of being alone with him in the spa was giving me some liftoff. I couldn't wait to see him without a shirt on. I looked at myself in the mirror. I had a moderately hairy chest, with a patch around my navel and a "treasure trail," as Beth called it. I ran my hands through my hair, and decided I looked ok for him.

Taylor was waiting at the spa with a freshly opened bottle of wine and two plastic cups in one hand and his swim trunks in his other hand. "I expected you to change out here with me, Trent. I wanted to show off the dressing room." As he said this, I could see that he was looking me over. I just shrugged. Hmmm, what did that remark mean? He set the wine down and went around the corner to change. When he came back out, I caught my breath. I could clearly see the outline of his dick. It was at an awkward angle, and it was hard. He tried to cover it with his hand as we climbed in. He turned on the jets and dimmed the lights way down. I felt dizzy with lust, and was speechless. Not much was said for a little while, so we sipped our wine and just kind of looked around. 

I had definitely had my share of alcohol and I was feeling it, being more relaxed than I could ever remember. I looked up at the stars, and listened to the crickets and the wind through the trees. "Taylor, I'm glad I'm here tonight. This is really awesome."

"Me too, Trent. Thanks so much for having the idea for us to get together." We closed our eyes, enjoying the massaging jets. After about five minutes, Taylor made a splash and rose up out of the water. The steam was billowing up now and I could not see him very clearly in the dim light, but he was standing on the step.

Shocked, I saw that his erection was now poking out of his swim trunks. He was stroking it. My eyes bobbed out of my head. He arched his back and was really going at it. My mouth went dry. Suddenly, he grabbed his penis and pulled it entirely out of his swimsuit and held it out over the water for me. I thought, my god, I must be really drunk. What just happened to his dick?

Taylor laughed and stepped back down into the water. He held his prize up for me, and I could see that it was the toy penis from my work joke. He must have sneaked it out of my trash can. Now that I understood, I laughed until I cried. Taylor dunked me and I dunked him back. Still laughing, I said, "Damn, Taylor, you really had me there."

"I saw that you noticed it when I came out of the dressing room. Sorry to say that it wasn't me, but I was glad you looked."

"So, is that how it's going to be out here, tonight, Taylor? No holds barred?"

"Yep. No holds barred. That's what I want."

I thought to myself, "Ok Taylor, I read you loud and clear now. You dig me." I was stoked. Impulsively, I pulled off my trunks and brought them up and out of the water. I was terrified and excited at the same time. I threw them far enough away from the spa that I would have to get out to retrieve them.

"I dare you, Taylor." He looked unsure for a moment, and then without breaking eye contact, he reached down and took his off also and held them above the water. He hesitated. "Taylor, are you going to toss the suit over there with mine?" I was starting to feel that I had misjudged his intentions. I could see his indecision.

"Taylor, you sent them across town for 'Passion fruit' Gelato after their shopping trip, to a store you know is going to be closed. It might be as long as two hours. And, if not, so what if they catch us skinny-dipping...they know we're drunk, big deal. They may not even realize that we don't have our suits on." 

The wine was talking. I said the words, but I was scared shitless. I had never before been naked with a guy, one-on-one. At some point we would have to get out of the spa, and my hard-on was not going to deflate anytime soon. I wondered if he were hard, like me. 

"Trent, they will be gone at least that long. Do you know how far away Cafe Italia is? And Laura is a shopaholic. She will not leave the Galleria until closing time, trust me. And Cafe Italia is not open later on weekends, I made that up. After going there and back, she will end up at the local market getting us whatever Gelato they have. I figured this whole thing out. You might say that I have a devious side to me. Hopefully you are cool with that." He smiled at me wickedly and tossed his suit. It landed even further away than mine. "There, I took your dare!" He gave me a look that I interpreted as, "So what next?", and he leaned back and closed his eyes. I did the same. At that point, I realized that we would soon have no secrets.

I peeked at Taylor with one eye. His eyes were still closed. God, he was handsome. His thin lips were still curled in a smile as I gazed at him. He had just the right amount of hair on his chest and his armpits were so sexy. I was going out of my mind with lust and my erection was rock-hard. I couldn't see his junk because of the swirling water and steam and it was making me crazy. I let myself slip down under the water and I opened my eyes. All I could see were bubbles, damn! I quietly came back up.

"Hey Taylor, do you have any swim masks?" He opened his eyes and laughed. 

"Do you see a swimming pool here, Trent? No, I don't have a swim mask. Why do you want one?" 

"What else? Underwater visibility. That would come in handy about now." I locked eyes with him and Taylor quickly realized where my train of thought was going. He gave me that wicked smile that I enjoyed so much.

"So now YOU are the devious one, huh? I am learning more about you all of the time."

"Do you want to learn even more?

Taylor had a questioning look on his face, but he replied, "Yes, always."

I decided that it was either now or never, even if I hated myself tomorrow. I lifted my leg and put my foot gently on his crotch. OH MY GOD, HE WAS HARD, TOO! 

At first, he had a startled look on his face. He started to say something but I quickly put my finger to my lips. I then proceeded to caress his cock and balls with my foot. My heart was beating in my throat. I decided that this was the most exciting thing I had ever done in my life! 

I thought I heard Taylor gasp. I could tell he loved what I was doing, and I sure loved doing it! He again leaned his head back with that sexy smile on his face. I rubbed his cock and balls with my foot until he had a diamond-cutter. 

It was time to get him back for poking that fake penis out of his swim trunks. I pulled back to the side of the spa with a splash, and his eyes opened back up. I braced my arms on the sides and lifted my body up. My hard cock was jutting up and out of the swirling water. 

I said to him in a quavering voice, "Here's to learning more about me, Taylor." He stared at my hard flesh and his mouth was hanging open. In a flash he headed toward me. I dropped myself back into the water and I looked into his eyes as he got very close to me. A very scary moment passed and I said, "This is where you kiss me." Taylor embraced me, holding me tight. I could feel his hard cock against my thigh. Why wasn't he kissing me? My heart sank.

Taylor moved up and straddled me with his knees on the step. His cock and balls were pressed against mine. He said into my ear, "I'll do a lot more than kiss you, Trent. This was my plan, to get you out here, alone. I was hoping we would change together and I was going to suggest that we go in naked. I wanted us to get to know each other much better, Trent. But then, you came outside in your suit and my plan fizzled. I was terrified as it was. After that, I was just too chicken shit to make the first move. Thanks for helping things along." He pressed his cock against my belly and rose up and down. "I have been hard the whole night. Can we play?" 

I pulled his head toward mine so that we were facing each other. "Yes, we can play! But I am really scared right now, Taylor. I swear, I have never done anything like this before. I am kind of shaking."
