 I found myself sitting on my dad's lap like I was a young boy again, except that my clothes were off and my ass was impaled on his enormous cock. The house was crowded with guests and no one realized what was happening. Dad whispered for me to be quiet, and told me to just squeeze his cock until he came inside me.

"Okay," I said, and then someone knocked on the door and the dream blew apart. I checked the clock, saw it was way too early for any reasonable visitor. 

Expecting Simon, I threw open the door, half-dressed. I found an older, mild-looking guy with a camera slung over his shoulder and a bag of equipment in his hand.

He was past me and already inspecting the apartment before I could even ask his name.

"Not important," he said. "I don't have a ton of time, so let's get started."

"With?" I asked.

"Strip," he answered. "Let's set up here by the window for now, some good natural light. On the floor, hands and knees to start."

I reached for my pajama bottoms but hesitated, suddenly nervous.

"Simon told me you just sucked your father's dick," he said. "It's a little late to be inhibited, guy."

He was right. I stripped down and got on my hands and knees on the floor while he threw open the curtains and then set up the equipment. "Just be discreet," I said. If Simon wanted naked photos of me, that was fine, but I didn't want to be exposed to everyone I knew.

He didn't answer, just started walking around me with the camera. "Keep your head down," he said, "and be a good boy. And lift your ass."

Somehow that's all it took -- him telling me to be a good boy. I posed for him for the next hour, spread myself for him and crawled along the floor for him, let him move my body around in any way he wanted. It was getting late and I had to get ready for work, but I knew better than to interrupt him.

I was in a particularly exposed position, one leg pulled up on the sofa like I was a little boy trying to crawl up, and he'd snapped a couple photographs after telling me to hold still. Almost a full minute later, I asked if I could move.

"Just grind your butt a little," he said. 

He hadn't said or done anything to make me think he found me or the session erotic, so I didn't think anything of this request. "Like this," I said.

"Good," he said. "In a circle like that, yeah. And groan a little. Like you're imagining a dick inside you."

That gave me a little jolt. I moved my ass slowly, the way he wanted, and groaned. Thinking about Simon's dick, about Eric's dick, about my father. About the photographer, too. I wanted to him to at least be turned on a little. I knew he was a professional, but I do have a pretty nice ass. Even a "not bad" or a "great angle" would be nice.

I couldn't see him because my face was pressed into the cushion. But suddenly it became quiet behind me, and then I heard his zipper come down.

"Keep moving," he said. "Simon wants a couple action shots too. You okay with that, son?"

It was maybe a dirty trick to call me "son," but it had the desired effect. I said yes, and kept moving, even more sensually. A few seconds later I felt his cock sliding up and down the crack of my ass, using my sweat to get nice and slick. I waited for him to pour some lube down into my crack, but instead he shoved himself straight into me with brute force, and made me gasp.

I could hear the camera shutter flying as he fucked me. He didn't go deep, just deep enough to make it hurt and -- I could tell -- to show my asshole being stretched open by a pretty thick cock. It was everything I could do not to scream into the cushion.

And then as suddenly as he'd started, he pulled out. 

"Now in your mouth," he said. All business.

I was still shaking, but I got down on my knees and took him in my mouth. "Do a good job," he said. "He wants to see that you like it."

I gave him a few long, deep sucks, keeping my eyes closed at first as the shutter clicked again and again. Then I opened them and stared up at the camera, and brought his cock into my mouth all the way down to his balls. Gagging a little but not breaking eye contact with the lens. So much for discreet.

I thought he'd pull out as soon as he had his pics, but he had other ideas. He set the camera down on the coffee table and grabbed my head. "Now finish," he said. He held my head tightly and started face-fucking me, as impersonal as ever, just a professional taking his payment.

Finally he pulled out and held his cock head against my face and let it explode all over me. I closed my eyes but kept my mouth open as he shot everywhere -- in my hair, my eyes and nose, my neck, a big glob dripping straight into my mouth.

"Thanks," he said. He pulled up his pants and was out the door in minutes.

I went to clean up. At first I avoided my reflection in the mirror, and then decided I'd better look. If I'm going to be a whore, I figured, I should accept that sometimes I was going to look like a whore.

I looked at myself a long time before washing his cum off me. Then, finally, I sent a text to my boss, Scott, to tell him I'd be in late -- an emergency dentist's appointment, I said -- and I went to get in the shower.



* * *



I'd missed an engineering meeting and Scott wasn't happy. Being late for anything was a problem for him, something he'd explained on my first day at work. A holdover from his military days, he said. It was a sign of disrespect and there were few things that upset him more.

He stopped by my desk just before lunch and I braced for a lecture. Instead he asked me how my mouth was doing.

I felt dizzy and my face must have turned bright red. My mouth. I pictured my face in the mirror that morning, thick cum oozing down between my lips. How could he know... Oh. "Fine," I said, recovering. "Not always easy to get an appointment but they, uh, were able to squeeze me in."

"Good," he said. "One-on-one at two thirty. A few things to go over."

"Sure," I said. "Great." I hated one-on-ones. They just seemed uncomfortable for both of us, with Scott going through his checklist of Manager 101 questions and me feigning interest the whole time.

No emails the rest of the morning, no texts from Simon. I assumed I was done for the day, that my photo session was enough to satisfy him for now, but it was unusual not to hear anything at all from him. At least a quick note to call me a cocksucker. If I were being honest, I was starting to like him calling me that, which worried me a little.

I was about to delete a piece of spam -- a message from some random address that contained only a link -- when I noticed something odd about the link address. It was for a blog, "onecreamybottom," followed by a long string of characters that seemed random at first, until I saw that it ended with "alexs-ass-and-mouth."

I clicked the link.

Too shocked to remember that my screen was visible to almost everyone in the office, I scrolled down with my mouth hanging open. Large, high-res photos from his morning, my naked body filling the big monitor. The photos were clear and professional and shocking. My ass, lifted like a whore's ass in photo after photo. My asshole, tight and puckered for the camera. My face, Jesus Christ... half the photos showed my face. I kept scrolling. There they were. A fat dick sliding into my ass while I bucked against it -- he'd made it look as if I couldn't get enough. And then, finally, his dick filling my mouth, my big eyes staring up at the camera like a child asking for approval.

Hearing footsteps behind me, I closed the window and tried to slow my heartbeat down. Then I looked back at the email. The sender's address meant nothing, again just a random string of characters. But I noticed that I was BCC'd on the email. The "to" line just had the name of a distribution list: "Friends."

I sent off a quick email to Simon, asking who he'd sent the link to. Not part of the deal for him to plaster my face on the web and share it with half the world.

At two-forty, still distracted and angry, I noticed the time and said, "Shit," then took off for Scott's office.

He didn't look up at me as I entered, never a good sign. "You seem to be having some problems today," he said.

"Just some personal things," I said. "I mean it's fine, under control. I won't be late again."

"Hmmm," he said. "I still need to put it in your file. Understood?"

I sighed and said, "Sure, fine."

"I'll print it out for you to sign. Wait here." He got up and went down the hall to the printer. From where I was seated, on the loveseat, I couldn't see much of his screen, but I could see the document he'd just sent off to print, titled DISCIPLINARY WARNING. 

And beside that, a small email window, nearly blank. Except for a single blue link.

I only had a few seconds. I went behind his desk and closed the window, then deleted the email completely. Fucking Simon. Scott walked into the office, folder in hand, just as I slid back into the loveseat. Crisis averted, at least for now.

He closed the door. Instead of sitting down, he leaned back against his desk and looked down at me, the way he does when he has particularly bad news. I wondered if I'd been late once too often, and I was getting the boot.

"So let's see what we have here," he said, and opened the folder so that the contents spilled out onto the floor. Full-sized color photographs were printed on every sheet. I found myself staring down at my asshole stuffed with the photographer's dick, next to the close-up of my mouth in action.

I couldn't speak. Instead I got down on the floor and gathered them all up as quickly as I could, not really thinking, just trying to get them back in the folder and out of sight.

"Alex," Scott said, "this is serious. We can't have... material, like this, in the office. Do you follow?"

"Of course," I said quickly, sitting back down. The folder was back on his desk, safely closed.

"It could cause serious problems for you. Could get you fired pretty easily."

"I know, I get it, I'm sorry, it's not, I mean I didn't intend to -- "

He held up a hand and said, "Relax. I'm not going to fire you. Your girlfriend's father and I are old friends, and I take that seriously. Neither one of us wants her to learn of this. Isn't that right?"

"That's right," I say, trying to understand.

He picked up the folder and opened it, searching apparently for one particular photo. It was the one with my right leg bent and pulled up on the sofa, asshole clearly visible, taken right before the photographer shoved his dick inside me. 

"This one," he said. "Let's start with this."

I blinked up at him, confused.

"Alex, I don't want to have to explain again. I want you in this pose. Now. Unless you'd like me to walk out there and start handing out photographs. I'm sure your colleagues would love to see you with a cock in your mouth." He unzipped his pants and stood up. "Take your time deciding."

My brain wasn't working too well all of a sudden. Everything was getting out of control, way too fast. Scott reached down and pulled out his cock and stroked it in front of my face, the thick mushroom head already dark and menacing. 

I stripped out of my clothes and got down on the floor. Then I took the pose he requested, one knee up on the leather loveseat.

"Move your butt," he said. "Keep your head down and move your sweet little butt. Like a whore. That's all you have to do."

For the next hour, he fucked me. The head of his cock felt as big as an apple as he drove it into me, and whenever I stopped moving, exhausted, he threatened me again. So I moved my ass for him, sucked his cock with my ass, exhausted my muscles to massage his thrusting dick and get him off. 

I couldn't believe his stamina. I wasn't going to be able to walk when we were through, so eventually I tried other things, anything to get him to cum. I begged him, told him how big his dick was inside me, how much I'd always wanted it. I promised to suck him off beneath his desk whenever he asked. 

Scott laughed and kept fucking me. "Of course you will," he said. Without warning he pulled out of me, and I was finally able to take a breath, but it was short-lived. He shoved three fingers into my ass, driving into me so deep that I thought he was trying to fist me. After leaving them inside me a moment, he pulled them out and replaced them with his cock, which immediately went back to battering me like a piston. He reached his hand around my head and yanked it back, thrust his fingers in my mouth.

"Suck your ass off my fingers," he ordered. 

He didn't give me a choice. My mouth was stuffed with his thick wet fingers, probing for my throat, so I licked them as well as I could. Meanwhile I kept pumping my butt, grinding back against his dick. And I realized that I loved his fingers in my mouth. I loved their thickness and manliness, and I loved knowing he was forcing himself into me like this. It was as if I was a doll he was using as roughly as he could, and the harder I sucked his fingers the more excited I got. In moments I was cumming all over the loveseat.

He laughed again, seeing what he'd done to me. "You like being stuffed," he said.

"I do," I panted.

"Good, that's good," he said. Now he was starting to pant, too. "I'm going to fill your cunt up now, Alex."

"Yes," I said.

"Beg me," he said. Slapping my ass now as he drove into me.

"Please," I whispered. I was shaking. I could only say it again, over and over, in time with his thrusts.

He grunted and squeezed my hips as he came, with his balls slammed against my asshole and the head of his cock buried far up inside me. Pulse after pulse of hot jizz fired into me as if I'd been stuffed with a fireman's hose, his juice flooding me so deeply that I could feel it in my stomach.

He pulled out roughly, leaving me gasping, then immediately came around to sit in front of me on the loveseat. His cock was still hard, standing up with like a monster in his lap, covered in cum and ass. Without saying a word he grabbed my head and pulled it down, and I swallowed his dick to the balls. When I gagged he let go, but only long enough to let me take a breath. I took the hint and deep-sucked him good, devouring our juices and bobbing my head up and down in his lap until he finally softened.

Seeing my cum splashed over the couch, I remembered what I'd done for Dad and didn't wait to be asked. I licked it all up while Scott held my head and guided me from spot to spot.

"Good boy," he said. He finally stood backup, but kept his pants around his ankles. "Just so we're clear," he went on. "You'll take whatever I stuff you with -- your mouth or your ass -- with no complaints. Or everybody gets to enjoy your little photo spread. Understood?"

Staring down at the floor, I said, "Fine."

"Look at me and say it."

I looked up at him. "Understood," I said.

He grinned. "Not sure what you're involved in, Alex. But I think we're going to have a great time working together from here on out. Now, open your mouth."

His cock was still soft, but I opened my mouth and waited for him to slide it in.

"Close your mouth tight around my dick," he said. "Make sure you don't spill any."

Just as I realized what he was doing, warm piss shot into my mouth. I swallowed it without thinking, and then it was too late to pull back without him splashing all over me. I locked my lips around the base of his cock and closed my eyes and took it straight down my throat. And when the torrent finally slowed, I sucked the last of it out of him, and flicked my tongue against his wet hole.

"Good boy," he said again. Some evil glint filled his eyes. "Now get back to work."

I pulled on my clothes and went to open the door.

"Alex," he said, "one last thing."

"I know, I won't be late again," I said.

"Not to worry. I'm sure I'll find a way to punish you if you are. Actually, I was going to say that we have clients coming in from Amsterdam later this week. Important clients."

"So?" I asked.

"So I want to welcome them in style. You're going to blow them in the conference room before our meeting."

I said nothing, just barely nodded my head.

"And then go back with them to their hotel room. I'm sure you'll do a great job keeping them happy," he said. He stepped forward and reached down, squeezed my ass with one hand, hard. "I hear they like it rough. Just say yes," smiling once again, "to everything."

When I got home, numb and exhausted, there was a package waiting for me on the front step. I opened it to find a dog collar and leash, and a note.

I'm sure you've had a long day, little doggie. These are for tomorrow. Be ready for your walk at six.