 Tracy was home from Vegas after a week away with her girlfriends. Seeing her and being around her again, the events of the past few days—my deal with Simon—suddenly seemed like just a fantasy again, a rough dream. I was feeling guilty, and maybe thinking of it as a fantasy was just a way to ignore the guilt. 

We planned to go out to a bar for dinner, so I poured us both a glass of wine while Tracy showered and got ready. When I came into the bedroom she was sitting up in bed with her eyes half-closed, dressed in her robe. "Long flight," she grinned, and accepted the glass of wine and took a sip. "Hey, I bet I can shock you."

"In a good way or a bad way?" I asked.

"Interesting question." She picked up her phone and said, "Okay, close your eyes. Close them... Good boy. Okay... now open."

I opened my eyes. "What the hell," I said, and she laughed. On her phone was a close-up photograph of a guy giving another guy a very deep, erotic-looking blowjob. 

"Crazy, huh," she said. "I don't get much spam anymore, but somehow this thing got through. 'Satisfy your secret desires!'" She giggled and drank more wine, then looked at her phone again. "You know what..."

"Don't even say it," I interrupted. Because I knew what she was going to say: the cocksucker did look like me. There was even a split second where I thought it really was me.

"You've got a better mouth," she said. "Hmmm."

"Stop picturing me with a cock in my mouth," I said.

"You'd look cute," she said, and giggled again. 

"Whatever," I said.

"No, seriously. You're so good with your mouth." She sat back and appraised me, sipping her wine. "It would be kind of sexy, I think."

"Really," I said. "To see my mouth around a big dick, that would be sexy?"

"I didn't say a big dick," she said, and laughed again. "But now you've got me thinking." She leaned closer. "Let's try something. Open your mouth."

"No."

She gave me an odd look, head tilted a little, eyes half-lidded. "I'm serious, I think it'd be hot. Open your mouth for me."

I did as she asked.

"Close your eyes," she said, and I did that too. I felt her fingers—two of them—slide into my mouth. "Show me," she said, "how you think you're supposed to suck a cock." When I reached for her hand to push it away, she stopped me. "Do it," she said.

For the next thirty seconds I sucked her fingers, keeping my eyes closed. I felt stupid doing it, but I also liked sucking them. I thought of Simon's cock, of Eric's cock, of my own dad's amazing cock being in my mouth. Tracy moved her fingers in my mouth, running them along my tongue, moving them in and out of my mouth like she was gently thrusting a cock into me.

When I finally opened my eyes, she was licking her lips, eyes fixated on my mouth. She looked up at me. "Holy shit," she breathed.

"What?"

"I swear," she said, "I could so totally picture it, Alex. Aren't you curious?"

I was trying not to let her see how hard I'd become from her play-acting. "Never thought about it," I lied.

"Never thought about it," she repeated. "But you're not completely against the idea then?"

I tried to figure out her expression. I couldn't tell what answer she wanted to hear more, so I decided to be honest. "I'm not against the idea," I said.

Her face was flushed. I could see her mind spinning. She wasn't looking at me now, but she was clearly thinking. "Not just a cock, but—like you said—a big cock... Your pretty mouth... Fuck."

I finally laughed. "You sound like a nut," I said.

She looked back at me and grinned. "Come on, you like knowing I'm a perv. Makes it fun."

"It does," I said. "Get dressed and let's go out."

When she left the room I checked her phone. The email she'd shown me had been sent this morning. The sender's email was a random string of letters, but in the middle of it were the words SimonSays.

"What are you doing," I whispered.

* * *

I thought that was the end of it. 

We'd finished the small plates we'd ordered at the bar when Tracy brought it up again. "If you were going to really do it," she said, "I mean just hypothetically, how would we go about that?"

"Do what?" And then I remembered, and realized that Tracy had never really stopped thinking about the subject.

"You sucking dick," she said. A few people glanced our way. Lowering her voice, she said, "Sorry. I mean, like, whose dick would it be?"

"No idea," I said. "Just as long as it's big."

It was a joke, but Tracy said, "Yeah, it totally has to be big." She got a glazed look in her eyes. "A black guy, then, like..."

"Like Eric?" I said.

Her face flushed, but she said, "No, I don't mean that, Jesus. Besides, he wasn't even that big."

I knew from first-hand experience that this wasn't true. He'd practically lifted my ass off the floor with his cock. For some reason I liked Tracy thinking about him now, bringing together in her mind her ex-boyfriend's big black dick and my mouth. "So if I offered to suck Eric off," I said, "you wouldn't think he was big enough?"

The flush deepened. "He's big enough," she agreed.

I said I needed to use the restroom. Tracy ordered another drink.

After finishing up, I checked my email. Simon had emailed. Still thinking of your next assignment. How's Tracy? I didn't bother to respond.

Tracy was texting on her phone when I got back to the bar. "So this is just for fun," she said. "I'm just putting something out there, it's not, like, real or anything. It'll just turn me on." She said she'd just placed an online ad to see if she could find someone appropriate. 

I asked to see the ad. She hesitated at first, and the clicked the link to show me.

My sexy boyfriend has the cutest mouth. I would love to see him try to suck a big cock while I watch. You have to be totally clean and polite, and be okay with me watching and directing the whole thing. If you're really good, I will let you cum in his mouth too.

"If you're really good..." I repeated. 

"Come on, it's not real. It's a fantasy. And in the fantasy, I'd want to be the one who decides that. If he cums in your mouth."

"Why?" I asked.

"I have no idea," she said. She wobbled to her feet. "Come on, let's go home and fuck."

* * *

In the morning she was disappointed. She hadn't gotten any responses to her ad. "Because there's no photo," she said. She scrolled through the other listings, making a face at half the photos in the ads and letting her eyes widen at the other half. "We need a picture of you."

"You can't be serious," I said.

"Pretty please," she whined. "It'll make me sooooo happy. Something a little discreet."

"A little?"

"We've got to show your face. And your mouth. That's what they're getting..." She'd already picked up her phone to start looking through her photos. "No... not quite... no... maybe..."

"I've got to go to work," I said.

"Do you trust me?" she asked.

I thought about it. "Should I?"

Another wicked grin. "Don't worry. I'll protect your honor."

The rest of the morning I felt distracted. I tried to put the ad out of my mind but kept thinking about it, wondering what Tracy had posted. Finally I went to craigslist on my phone and searched until I found the ad. "Shit," I whispered.

There were three photos attached. In the first I was sitting on a blanket on the beach at Ocean City, my head turned just enough that you couldn't get a good look at my face, just my body. In the second, I was sound asleep in bed, lying on top of the covers with the sheets mostly thrown off my nude body, a photo I didn't know Tracy had ever taken. But it was the last photo that shocked me. It was perfect close-up of my face. The area around the eyes was pixelated just enough to make it tough for a stranger to identify me, but not nearly enough for anyone who knew me at all to not realize it was me. She'd cropped the photo so that it was centered on my mouth, which was slightly open. My lips looked soft and a little wet.

I couldn't get angry at Tracy. I knew she thought she was being discreet. I closed the ad and tried to focus on work. But as the day went on, I was surprised to find that I was excited by the very thing that worried me—the idea that a man hunting online for a blowjob was looking at a photo of my face. And that Tracy wanted him to see my face, and wanted him to find it attractive enough to fuck.

After work, back at home with Tracy, I expected her to bring up the ad again but she didn't. We made dinner together and it still didn't come up. She talked about a party we'd been invited to and about a conference she had to attend in February and about a few other things, but seemed to have completely forgotten about the ad. After dinner I was about to bring the dishes in when she said, "Forty-five." When she saw my blank look, she laughed. "Forty-five responses to the ad!"

"Shit," I said. I set down the dishes and sank back in the chair.

"Most are nuts," she said. "I thought maybe gay guys and bi guys would be different, but now I'm thinking maybe it doesn't matter. Guys are just guys."

"So nobody promising," I said.

"Ten were mildly promising," she said. "Out of those, I cancelled out six after a few follow-up emails today, just didn't get a great vibe. I called the other four on the phone today for an interview..." She saw my face and laughed. "What, I'm going to let a guy put his dick in your mouth without talking to him first?"

"So?"

She sighed. "It came down to Dwayne and Michael. They both live close by. Dwayne owns a construction company, Michael's in real estate. Nice guys, both of them." Her face got a little flushed as she said, "They both have such beautiful black dicks, Alex... Dwayne is maybe a tiny bit bigger, and he's not circumcised. But Michael told me he get can even bigger than in the pic he sent if you do a great job."

I thought about Tracy spending time today on this, actually having phone conversations with these guys to work through all the details. It made me a little dizzy.

"You really... want me to do this?" I asked.

She nodded. "I really, really do."

"So..." I took a breath. "Which one, then? And when?"

She bit her lip.

* * *

We spent the next hour fucking. When we were finished, Tracy got up and used the bathroom and refreshed her makeup. She said she thought it would be easier if I waited in the bedroom while she let them in. Them—she'd invited them both because, she said, she just couldn't decide between them. She said she'd turn down the lights a little, put something on television, and then call to me when she wanted me.

The doorbell rang, and she sprang up as if she'd been electrocuted. At the bedroom door she stopped and looked back. "You can back out now if you want," she said.

"Tracy," I said, "answer the door."

She beamed, and left.

For the next few minutes it was a little surreal. I could hear them talking in the living room, and it sounded completely normal, as if Tracy had just invited a few guests over for drinks or to watch a game. I found that I was shaking a little.

"Alex," she called out at last. "Come meet our friends!"

I got up and walked to the living room, dressed in sweats. Tracy was standing and smiling at the two guys, who were seated on the couch. She introduced them both, but I was barely listening. I only knew that Dwayne was as big as a linebacker, and Michael wasn't much smaller. They were both dressed in jeans and t-shirts, and already looked more comfortable in our living room than I was feeling at that moment.

I saw that Tracy had pulled back the coffee table was pulled back to create more space in front of the sofa. 

I didn't know what to say, or what to do. "So," I started.

But Tracy already had this figured out. "Alex," she said, with amazing calmness. "We talked about it and we think you should start with Dwayne. Can you suck Dwayne's cock while Michael and I watch?"

My mouth fell open a little at this, but I nodded. As soon as I took a step toward the sofa, Dwayne smiled and spread open his legs. I took a breath and then knelt on the floor in front of him. Immediately Tracy came around to sit beside me on the floor, at Michael's feet. 

"Unzip him," Tracy said.

I looked up at Dwayne, whose smile was even bigger. "Listen to the lady," he said.

Bending forward, I unzipped Dwayne's jeans. He lifted his butt slightly to make it easier for me to slide the jeans down to his ankles.

"All the way off," Tracy said. "I want Dwayne to be comfortable."

"Girl knows what she wants," said Michael, chuckling.

With Dwayne's help I pulled off the jeans. I could see his cock bulging in his underwear now, and I put my hand against it. It was warm and thick. "That's it," Dwayne said. "Let's get going, man." I tugged his underwear down, and as he lifted his butt again to help me pull them down, his cock swung against my face. Tracy laughed, but not unkindly. He was enormous and uncut, a deep beautiful black color, and still only semi-hard.

"Go on, Alex," Tracy whispered.

I put my head down between Dwayne's legs. I could feel all their eyes on me as I took the base of his cock in my hand and pointed his cock head toward my mouth, but I didn't hesitate. I dropped my head and closed my eyes and took him inside me.

Dwayne groaned as he slipped inside my mouth, and Tracy made a sound I'd never heard her make, half gasp and half something else, some animal sound. I took a few inches inside me and let my tongue curl around his cock head, and then pulled back. Then down again, a little farther. I let my saliva flow to get his cock even wetter as I started to build up my rhythm.

"So good," Tracy said, right beside me. "You're so good, Alex..." She put her hand on the back of my head to guide me down on Dwayne's cock, which encouraged me to go even deeper. Dwayne groaned again. I opened my eyes and looked up at him, saw that his own eyes were half-closed, which I thought was a good thing. 

Tracy sat back against Michael's legs while I worked on Dwayne's massive cock. Now and then I snuck a look over and she smiled. After several minutes, Michael pulled out his own cock, and Tracy almost absently put her hand around it and began to stroke him, still engrossed in watching me give a blowjob.

"Shit," said Dwayne.

"Put your hands around his head, Dwayne," Tracy told him. "He'll like that."

She was right. As soon as I felt his hands on my head, I loved it. I let him control the pace and the depth of my sucking, and it gave me an idea of what he enjoyed. Every thirty seconds or so, he pulled my mouth off him completely to have me lick the shaft, and then held the head against against my lips for a moment before pushing through again. The minutes passed. My saliva was going everywhere, mixed now with his pre-cum, and I was enjoying it so much that I was moaning myself. 

"I'm gonna cum," he said suddenly.

"On his face," said Tracy. "All over it, and in his mouth too."

On my face? She really wanted that?

Dwayne gently pushed my head back and held his cock in his hands. He stroked it two or three times while I watched the head, fascinated by its size, staring at the hole. A blast of thick hot semen exploded onto my face, and I just had time to close my eyes before a second blast struck me.

"Open your mouth," Tracy yelled, "open it!" She took Dwayne's pulsing cock in her hand and brought the head down to my lips as a third wave of cum fired out of him. I opened my mouth wide to give Tracy a good target, and let her see the cum splash my throat and puddle on my tongue. "Come on, come on," she said, stroking him more, wanting to flood me with his semen. A glob of cum slid down my face and over my lips. He fired another load into me, and now I had no choice but to start swallowing it all. But Tracy wasn't done. She pushed my head down to take his cock into my cum-filled mouth, and Dwayne took over from there, thrusting into me hard and choking me with his meat and his cum. One last jet of semen blew from his cock and squirted straight down my throat.

When he finally went soft, I lifted my head from his lap.

"That was so... fucking... awesome," Tracy said, beaming. "Oh my god, Alex..."

"Hey," said Michael, "we ain't done here." His own cock was standing up straight in his hand, and his jeans were already off. 

"Let him get cleaned up first," Tracy said. "Alex, you can keep going, right?"

My mouth was tired, but I loved the look on her face. And I knew that I really did love sucking cock, too. I said I could keep going, then went to the bathroom. I washed my face and grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge on the way back out.

In the living room, Dwayne was standing by the window now, and Tracy was between Michael's legs, her head bobbing up and down on his cock. She saw me and gave his cock one last, long lick, and then sat back. "Just keeping him warm," she said, grinning.

"You two are something else," Dwayne said, and shook his head.

I took her spot between Michael's legs. His fat cock glistened with Tracy's spit. And it really was fat. I gripped the shaft while I ran my tongue along his balls, my fingers barely able to encircle his meat. Michael scooted forward on the couch to give me full access. I took each ball in my mouth as I squeezed him, and then, suddenly feeling adventurous, slipped my tongue down to brush it against his musky asshole. He surprised me by holding my head there, forcing me to keep my mouth on him, so I let my tongue slide inside him and taste him.

"Holy fuck," said Tracy.

Michael pulled my head up, and then took his cock with his own hand and fed it into my mouth. "Suck it good now, bitch," he said. Roughly he thrusted deep into my throat, making me gag immediately. I tried to relax. Saliva poured out of me, flowing down Michael's cock shaft. That made it at least a little easier to take him. But if Tracy had warmed him up, he was fully heated up now and ready for a true face fucking. 

"Not so rough with him," Tracy said, "Jesus."

It was rough, but I kept my eyes locked on his and let him go as deep as he wanted, trying to work my tongue on him at the same time. I thought he wouldn't be able to last as long as Dwayne because of how hard he seemed, but he showed no sign of being ready to cum. He wanted it slow but deep, so that my open mouth was suspended above his cock for a moment each time, and then he'd force me down and violate my throat like a cunt.

I could hear Tracy and Dwayne talking but couldn't make out the words because my head was buried so deep in Michael's lap. Michael had pulled me forward, so that I was almost on my hands and knees with my ass in the air. "Nice, nice, yeah," he said, "keep working that mouth on me, yeah."

I felt my sweats being tugged down. Two pairs of hands were on my legs, lifting one leg and then the other to get the sweats off me. Someone—Tracy, I could tell by her delicate hands—pushed my thighs open with gentle insistence. Her tongue brushed against my balls, and then moved up to flick against my asshole. I gasped a little around Michael's cock as she pushed her tongue inside. "Keep sucking, stay focused," Michael said, breathing hard. "Don't you worry about what they're doing back there." 

Eventually she stopped, and I felt her move away. Something cool and wet dripped down onto my ass, and one of Tracy's slender fingers slid inside me. She worked it into me as far as she could, moving it around inside me to stretch me out. Then she pulled it free. 

"Alex," she said, near my head again. "Don't stop. But I want your permission for something..." She rested her hand against my back, and let it run down to my ass. "I want to let Dwayne fuck you, Alex... I want to see his cock inside you... while you suck Michael's dick... Can I please have that? Alex?"

I tried to lift my head to answer—not knowing what I'd say at this point—but Michael kept me in place. "Look at the boy's ass," he said. "It's smooth and curvy as a girl's. I'll answer for him since his mouth is full—your boy says fuck yeah."
