 I would like to thank Nala Cayenne for all her help in editing, both she and I are interested in what you think of the story. Give us some feedback by taking the time to vote. If you really liked it or really hated it give us a comment on why. Thanks, and enjoy. Mike

*

Chapter one. The Negotiation

Phillip smiled as he handed the young man a cup of steaming hot coffee, the boy returned the smile, sitting the cup on the table.

"Thank you Phillip," Jamie leaned back in his chair and tried to seem at ease. He had been outside doing a few odd jobs in the boat yard when Phillip had stuck his head out the door and called for him to come to the house. "What's up?" 

Phillip settled into the chair across the table from the boy's questioning look. His eyes, dark and serious, focused on Jamie.

He was looking at a young man of twenty but he looked more like sixteen. Jamie had a slight build and stood only five feet and seven inches above the ground. He might have weighed one hundred and fifty pounds if he had a pocket full of rocks and was soaking wet. Yet this boyish creature across the table had killed in battle, and jumped from airplanes in the darkness of night. It was hard for Phillip to see this young man floating down from a dark sky with a loaded machine gun and death as his job. Philip shook his head in wonderment that this young man could be a veteran of not one but two wars. Though it had been short Jamie had did a lot so far in his life. Phillip stared at this ex-sergeant of the 82nd airborne division, but all he saw was the boy Jamie. He saw the trust and loyalty, and he also saw the intellect that led the young man to a hard decision. 

When you are in the 82nd you are the sharp end on the governments stick. When the government decides to poke somebody into action, the 82nd is the prod. 

When Jamie had been deployed to the Domican Republic, what he saw and what he had been ordered to do, made him realize that his country was wrong. This fact, while sobering, was not enough to make Jamie consider for a moment leaving his friends. He had served out his tour of duty until the day they were sent home to Ft Bragg, N.C. and everyone had slipped back into their chicken-shit routines. Then came the call to head for Vietnam where after six months his political education was completed. He found that he was not willing to continue to kill and main for his country. When he was sent to Hawaii for two weeks of R and R he decided that he would go AWOL. He took a plane to Denver where he stayed with a friend for a month. After thirty days he took his friend and her mother to eat out at The Denver Drumstick afterwards they dropped him off at a police station where he turned himself in as a deserter. He had stood before a panel of officers who found him guilty and sentenced him to one year at hard labor and a bad discharge. It was a surprisingly harsh sentence, Jamie had figured that his record would count for something but apparently it hadn't. 

"Lord knows, when the cold wind blows, It'll turn your head around." 

The words of the song played through Phillips mind as he looked at this man. A man who would serve time in jail to stop doing something that he didn't believe in. Yet when he first met him he was working as a male prostitute in Jackson.

Phillip shook these thoughts from his mind and got back to the business at hand. "I enjoy working with you, Jamie boy, you have impressed me with your work habits. That alone would be enough to make me ask you to work for me." His hand reached across the table and took the boys hand. " The nights have been very good, you are very exciting to me and I love having you in my bed, but, and this is a kind of an important 'but', I want more." 

Phillip stopped talking; he looked at the younger man, almost a boy, slight of build but hard muscled, small but tough and wiry. He felt a desire to have him again, it seemed that the boy had some sort of spell on him; he wanted him all the time. This young man with his baby face had occupied his thoughts since that first night he laid eyes on him. He had driven by him twice before deciding to take a chance on him. It was the best gamble that he had ever made. The boy had brought happiness and excitement back into his life. Phillip felt that he loved this boy; he wanted him to be his for a long time. Maybe a lifetime, if he was lucky.

Jamie had jumped to a wrong conclusion. Suddenly he felt that Phillip was looking for a kind way to tell him that his time here was over. The thought hit him like a hammer to the chest. 

He had begun to feel like a part of Phillip's household, maybe even like a part of a relationship. He had felt that this was a perfect place to stay until his enlistment in the army would have passed. Jamie could not face the disappointment in his father's face if he ever found out what sort of discharge his son had gotten. Jamie had been lost, with no trade except infantryman, no money and unable to go home or ask for help from family. Jamie had done a lot of hitchhiking while he was in the service and he had found that gay guys really loved his cock. Jamie had always loved blowjobs and when these guys would give him a ride and then let things slip that they would love to suck his dick, he always let them. This time he had started to let them suck on his dick for money, after all you have to work with what you got. 

He met Phillip while he was standing outside the park in Jackson, and they had hit it off right away. He had let his emotions run away with him, had let his desires blind him. He had crossed lines with Phillip, he had jacked him off, he had caressed his body, and he had even allowed Phillip to kiss him on the lips. He felt that he had offered his best to this man and it had been accepted and now this. He was good but not good enough. He felt water forming in his eyes. He just wanted to get the fuck out of here, the hurt was too much. He hung his head to hide the tears and waited for the words that would break his heart. 

The awkward silence extended itself. Just as he was about to break it, he heard Phillip speak again. 

"I know that you want to go on the boat with me," he stopped like he was trying to lure the boy into denying the truth of what he had just said. The boy remained silent; his eyes seemed to be boring a hole into the floor. 

"I want you to be my crew but even more I want you to be my lover, I want to be your captain in real life. Both during the day in the running of the boat and at night in my bed." He eyes locked with Jamie's for an instant. "You know how much you mean to me, you have eyes, I have not hid my feelings for you. I want you to give yourself to me as a bride. I want to have you as a wife, someone that I can always trust to bring pleasure into my life. I will make a fine husband to you, I will be a man who will protect you and love you. I want to make your body burn with the heat of my lust for you. I want to be able to touch you and hold you any time that I need to or want to. I want to feel your touch on me and I want to know that you will please me when I need pleasing. But most of all I want to make you happy. I am only asking you to give this thing a try for a few months. I am sure that this is the best thing that could possibly happen to you. We can work together to make our dreams come true. I can help you, and you can save me. I was pretty much dead before I found you. I was just going through the motions day after day, until that finial day they buried me. I had no hopes or plans for the future. You have changed that for me. Now I think about how to get new contracts. How we can build this little business into something that I will be proud to give to you. I think we can make it into something you would be proud to own. You can save me from a wasted life" Phillip forced himself to stop; he was rambling on and sounded desperate even to himself.

Jamie blinked away tears as he raised his head and looked into this loving face. He could see the truth in his eyes as he heard the words. The young man's heart had swelled and forced a lump into his throat. Jamie watched Phillips's face as he tried to answer his question but the words would not come to him. In their absence he rose and went around the table and bending down hugged the bigger man with all his strength. His own strong arms bringing the hard back edge of the chairs frame painfully into his chest. Phillip's chair was an old dinette chair with a chromed metal pipe running around the back and then going down to become the legs below. On the chair that Phillip had sat in tonight there was a loose screw, this screw would usually be snugged down into a counter-sunk recess so that it would never be noticed, much less felt by anyone. Tonight that little screw was like a spike, pressing like a blunt tipped nail into the flesh of Jamie's chest. 

Phillip raised his hands and held Jamie's' close to his chest. Jamie found himself willing away the pain from the screw and finding a warm glow taking it's place. He still felt the pain but instead of something to be suffered through, the pain had become a test of desire. He let himself melt into the glow. He loved the test of the pain; he loved standing up to it for the sake of this man who held him. He felt himself flowing into another shape becoming somebody different then the man he had been before. The jabbing pain and the pleasing effect were doing a number on his mind. He held him with his face pressed into the side of his neck for a long time. The boy could feel the strength in the older mans body, but it was not Phillip's arms that held Jamie in his painful position. It was Jamie's love for this man.

Jamie thought of these things as he held the man, he realized how much this meant to the man in his arms. Phillip was willing to share everything with him; Jamie didn't mind a little pain for this man. The embrace lasted long enough for his tears to stop and he was able to regain his composure a bit. Finally, he let his arms slip from the older mans torso. He carefully moved straight back and felt the screw pull its head from his flesh. The screw head had left a deep hole like impression just above Jamie's right nipple. It hurt like hell when it pulled free. He ignored the burning on his chest and bending over kissed the top of Phillip's balding head. His hand rubbing the indentation on his chest, he walked back around the table and sat down. Jamie held the eyes of Phillip as he reached across the table to take the older mans large hands into his own. The younger man was glad that he had the table to hide his hard-on. This guy had an effect on him that was uncanny. He was confused about his feelings. One part of him was happy that his dick stayed hard a lot, after all that was the tool that paid the rent. Another part of him knew it ain't cool when somebody else is pushing all your buttons and you respond every time by getting a boner. When that was happening to you, somebody else was in control. Now this, Jamie had a hard-on from being exposed to pain. This was a really kinky path he was walking now, he wondered not for the first time, if he should pull back and get the hell away from this guy. He could feel this thing with Phillip getting out of control. Jamie had promised himself, while he was inside that cell, that he would always be the one in control once he got released.

"Phillip, I have come to feel that I am a part of your life already. You are certainly a big part of my life. I am very grateful to you for all your help these last few weeks. You have made me very happy. I hope that I returned the favor to you. " He smiled at him as he remembered some of the things that they had did, and where they had done them, these last few weeks. "You know that I want to go with you. But I can't, not yet, I'm not ready." His eyes drilled into Phillip's as he spoke. "Just give me a little time to get the military out of my system. I promise that I will be here ready to go on your next trip. Let me breathe the air like a free man for a few weeks before you ask me to confine myself to the decks of your barges and boat. I've been in jail and now I want to be free of all restrictions for a while. I need to have this time."

Jamie's mind went back to those days in the brig. It was a hard time but there had been some moments of prideful rebellion. It had turned into a pissing contest between him and the commander of the Ft. Carson Stockade. He had refused to work; the commander had put him in solitary until he changed his mind. After a few days the commander had decided to remove the wooden platform that served as Jamie's bed. A few days later he was stripped down to his briefs and the guards started to open windows. This was happening in a metal cell six feet wide by eight feet long and only six feet tall. The floor and walls as well as the ceiling was shiny sheet metal, the only openings were for the single unit sink-shitter appliance. It had been November when he arrived and soon the Colorado winter began to take its toll on him. When he didn't cave, the commander started to limit his food to a thousand calories a day and everything had to be refrigerated for twenty-four hours before Jamie got it. The commander also took away any seasonings like salt or sugar or anything else that might bring any pleasure while you were eating. 

Thanksgiving dinner that year was cold stewed tomatoes and five slices of white bread, Christmas was a box of cornflakes and five slices of white bread no milk but all the water that a man could drink. This had an effect; Jamie dropped weight until he only weighed 94 lbs. The cold steel floor made the soles of his feet get thick and dry until they cracked and bled with every step. Jamie never broke. 

Then one day an army doctor came to visit, he was more then a little shocked at Jamie's condition and ordered him a plate from the mess hall right away. Jamie's food was good for the next two days and then he was told that due to lack of space he was being given an early release. When he left Ft Carson he held the record for solitary confinement, he had lasted from November 20th until February 28th. As far as he knew it was still the record. 

Phillip thought of this time in the brig as simple jail time. Jamie had lived through it and knew better, they had tried to break his will, and they almost had. He needed a little more distance between him and that time in his life before he wanted to limit his motions again. They had been over this before and his irritation was showing. 

"No! No, no, it's not like that." Phillip was reaching out to the boy with his hands as well as his eyes, almost like he could tell what the boy had been thinking. His fingers locked in to the strong yet thin forearms of the boy with a surprising strength, his eyes hot, wet with his intensity. "I don't want to lock you up, I want to set you free. I want to make your life happy. You can make me happy too. I think that you might be the one who could make me want to be alive again, I feel different since we have been together. You have affected my life in so many ways; I want sex more now then I have in years. That's not all; 'things' are better now. Food seems to taste better when you are with someone special. The conversations that goes on for hours, jumping from point to point. Someone who loves you can turn a night into an adventure. Someone that you love can shine the light of joy into the dark corners of your life. Love can turn despair into hope. You have done this for me. I am not the same, as when we met, I have become a better man for having you around me. I don't want to lose you Jamie." It was as close to a proposal as Phillip had ever come with anybody.

"Ok, I know what you want." Jamie struggled to find the words that would explain to Phillip how he felt. It was a hard task because as he was talking he was realizing just how much he did feel for this man. " I want it too; we all want to be loved by somebody. It's just; I don't think that I could be what you want. I can't be what I ain't even if that is what you want me to be. Phillip all that I have to give to you is already yours, my true friendship and my body. I cannot become a queer and marry you like you want me to do." 

The boy felt that he was being stingy with this man who had given so much to him. Somehow he felt that he should offer anything to this man but you could lose your soul that way. He had to be careful; there is a thin line that separates the queers from the guys who service them. He was one of those service guys and saw no reason to change teams. "My dick is all that I have to give you and it is yours whenever you want it. I gave it to you last night didn't I? I know that you're a queer and that you want to suck my dick. As long as you give me a place to stay I promise that you can suck me as often as you might like. Hell I like to get my dick sucked but that's not enough for you is it? You think that I have to be with you all the time, trapped like a rat or some sort of a pet with a dick."

The boy was in uncharted waters here but he wanted to impress him with how strongly he felt about this stuff. He continued.

" Look, I like you, I like you a lot. But you got to remember that you're the queer. I am not a queer. I am just a guy who would rather have his dick sucked by a man then to have to do without. I am sure that someday I will meet a woman and we will hit it off. I am not queer, I like you so much that I almost wish that I were, but I am not." Jamie rubbed the red spot on his chest that marked the spot where he had been screwed by chair. It was almost like a small brand he thought. 

Phillips eyes followed the young mans hands until he saw the red spot with the small 'x' in the middle. "What happened to you there?" he asked.

Jamie explained that it was something on the back of his chair that had jabbed him while he was hugging him a while ago.

"You should have said something man, shit I didn't know that I was hurting you when I was holding your hands." Phillip looked like he really was sorry about this little sore spot.

"This little spot ain't shit compared with what you are trying to do to me now. You are trying to turn me into a queer and get me to live with you like I was a fucking woman or something. Don't you understand that I don't want to ever become a queer, that I would rather die right now, then be a queer and live forever"?

It would be nice if words had strings attached to them so that when you spit out something stupid you could just pull it back and try something different. He had just spit out something really stupid and he had no string to pull it back with.

He softened his voice, lost some of the anger. "If you really want to make me feel good, you know what I like"

As he spoke he strolled around the table to stand beside the man. He thought that he was offering himself much as a cheap whore might flaunt her body to hook a john. He kinda liked to think of himself like that, a guy who had a hot body and liked sex enough to make his living doing it. Not by charging money but by being so hot and so exciting that they would pay his expenses just to have him around. He let himself slip a little deeper into the role of whore as he pushed his pelvis against the side of Phillips head. He knew that the man could feel the beginning of his erection as he brushed it against his ear. The boy stepped across the older man's leg pushing himself into the space between the man and the table. He let his dick slide around the seated mans head until he reached his face. His hands went to Phillip's head and started to caress it. Pulling the older mans head into his crotch, he said. "Why don't you show me how happy you want me to be?" 

Phillip's big hands reached out and took hold of both of the boyish hips. Pulling the smaller man down until he sat on his leg, one leg on each side. The larger man started to use more force as he started to rub the kid's ass back and forth on his leg in a slow fucking motion.
