 Rich eyed Keith as they sat on the couch, he was definitely getting closer and closer to seriously drunk. They'd broken up a month ago, because Keith had said that Rich was too possessive but that he still wanted to be friends and maybe one day they'd be able to work things out. For the past month Rich had been showing that he could learn not to be possessive, that he didn't mind if Keith hung out with other people, and neither of them had dated anyone else. He knew that the thought of getting back together was turning over in Keith's mind, but for some reason he just wasn't saying anything about it.

Well, tonight that was going to change. Rich wasn't brave enough to approach Keith on this at the moment, but he knew that if they ended up getting drunk enough to hook up then they'd have to talk about it... and in the meantime, hooking up would make Keith remember all the really great stuff before their break-up. Not to mention all the changing that Rich had been doing in the meantime... and now Keith was pretty smashed. He wasn't feeling totally all there either, but he wasn't nearly drunk enough to forget either; instead it gave him some bravery.

They were flipping through TV channels, on the Discovery Channel there was a deer who was mounting a doe, but was simultaneously being mounted by another buck! The two guys started cracking up, Keith laughed so hard that he feel against Rich's shoulder and Rich had to put his arm around him to hold him up. Giggling, Keith lifted his head to see his ex-boyfriend's face... they were only about an inch apart.

When life was going to hand Rich an opportunity he was going to take it... so he leaned forward and kissed Keith. For a moment there seemed to be a little resistance, and then it shed and Keith opened his lips to deepen the kiss. Rich felt like he was flying high as they started to kiss more and more passionately, he practically melted against his ex as their hands began to run over each other's bodies. 

As their lips parted and Keith began drunkenly trying to strip him, he also started talking, "Rich... I just want you to know... dammit..." his head got stuck in his shirt and Rich helped him pull it off, "That I really appreciate - here, lift that ass lover - all the changes you've made for me..." big eyes looked up into his, "Things are so good now... I just don't want you to go back to the way you were before... I'm scared of that."

Ok, so maybe he wasn't as drunk as Rich had thought, but that was probably a good thing anyway. Smiling, he cupped Keith's face in his hands and savored the sight of his naked ex, "I changed for you... and I'm not going to change back. That's for you too." And he kissed him.

Keith practically latched onto his mouth, pressing him down with his own body so that he could feel his dick digging into Keith's thigh and Keith's pressing against his hip. Their hips moved as they rubbed against each other, their hands re-exploring each other's bodies and finding all those old hot spots that they knew so well. Rich shivered as Keith bit down lightly on his collarbone, his fingers entwined in Keith's hair and he tugged it hard. Slowly Keith's mouth worked down his body until his tongue started working around his balls and dick. Rich moaned and thrust his hips upwards as Keith started licking the shaft like it was a lollipop, pressing his lips against the swollen mushroom head. 

Moving his lower body around, Keith placed his hips right over Rich's mouth, and Rich gripped his buttocks to bring Keith's dick to his lips. As it lowered into his mouth he sucked and swallowed, moaning as he felt Keith's mouth swallow his own turgid member. The two men slurped and licked, Rich as best he could since he didn't have quite as much room to maneuver. Instead he used his hands to squeeze Keith's balls and brought one of his fingers up to Keith's ass where he began to press gently against the crinkled hole. Keith's efforts on his dick redoubled and his hips started to press back as Rich's finger slid into his ass, massaging the insides as his mouth massaged Keith's dick. 

Rich's talented mouth and fingers were working magic on Keith's body, and he couldn't concentrate enough on returning the favor. Instead he just grabbed a hole of Rich's dick with his hand and cried out, trying to suck and lick when he could but mostly just becoming enthralled with the feelings that were over taking his own body. Another finger slid into his ass and he gasped with the pleasure of it, pressing his dick more firmly down Rich's throat. Rich swallowed it easily, eager to please his returned lover. 

It didn't take very long before Keith lost control and his load slid down Rich's throat as he swallowed it greedily, milking Keith's dick with his tongue. 

Keith pulled off of him and he let his finger's slide from his lover's ass, his eyes widening in surprise and pleasure as Keith positioned his stretched asshole above Rich's dick. Lowering himself Keith moaned appreciatively as his ass gaped further, tightly gripping Rich's excited member. Rich moaned and thrust upwards, invading Keith's ass, his excited pumping and the teasing from beforehand almost unbearable. Keith watched him with happy and glowing eyes, his wet limp dick flopping a little as he rode his recent ex. 

Very quickly Rich was pumping his cum into Keith's backdoor, unable to control his excitement at the entire situation. Keith bore down on Rich's dick, gripping him tightly and using his ass muscles to massage a very long and intense orgasm out of him. 

That night Rich went to sleep incredibly happy, his body spooned around Keith's as Keith held his hands in his sleep.