 Fenris was a tall, dark, bony elf with long, muscular legs and striking features. He was incredibly good-looking already, but a couple of things really stood out. First, and lesser of the two, were a pair of glittering green eyes, with flecks of gold in them. I'd never seen eyes like this. Human eyes certainly didn't ever have those patterns. 

But even more striking were the glowing lyrium tattoos all over him. They started from his chin, glowing faintly white against that dark skin, and traveled down his neck in a simple pattern, disappearing into his shirt. They were also visible up his arms, and I remembered wondering if they covered his whole body.

From my first meeting with Fenris I'd wanted to take him to bed. I thought about it now, looking at him, handcuffed to my wall, looking at me with a fierce scowl on his face. I now knew exactly where those tattoos went, and I considered tracing them with my fingers, or maybe even my tongue.

He growled at me, interrupting my admiration of his lithe body. "Let me out of these." Fenris had been a slave for a good portion of his life, and generally resented the implication deeply. It was a mark of trust that he let me put them on him, but I knew somewhere in him lived the urge to be treated thus. At least me he knew he could trust. 

"As I recall, you voluntarily allowed me to put them on you." I stood between his legs, with my hands on his hips. He was naked, head to toe, and his slim, angular body squirmed in front of me. Despite his protests, his cock was hard as a rock. 

"I've come to the conclusion you like being chained up, Fenris."

His look softened ever so slightly. "Maybe for the right person." But then his eyes darkened again. "But that's enough of that. Unchain me, now."

"Are you sure?" I said, and wrapped my hand around his cock. He arched his back and half closed his eyes, almost involuntarily. I admired the lightness of my own skin against his. I admit, seeing my come on his skin almost always made me ready again. 

He leaned forward and I saw the tattoos begin to glow. I stroked him, feeling him pulse against me. 

"I think you just like being fucked up the ass by a mage, Fenris. It reminds you how much you like to be subjugated." I summoned my own magic, feeling it circle around us and grow inside me, ready to counter his lyrium-enhanced powers. But instead, he lunged at me and kissed my mouth, hard. I kissed him back, and bit his lower lip, drawing it away from his mouth. 

Abruptly I moved away from him and stood just out of his reach. He looked up at me, clearly frustrated.

"Where do you think you're going?"

"Oh, I don't know," I said, smirking. I slowly made my way around him, watching him intently. "I thought I might take a walk. Or go get a sandwich."

"Don't you dare."

"Oh? And how are you going to stop me?"

He looked at me with those piercing emerald eyes for a long moment. Then, using the slack in his chains, slowly turned around so the chains crossed. He pressed his chest to the wall, pushing his ass out toward me, and turned over his shoulder and gave me an incredibly sultry look. I felt my heart skip a beat at the sight.

"Still want to leave and go take a walk?"

"I don't think so." I breathed, and walked towards him, shedding my clothes as I went. He closed his eyes and sighed deeply as he felt my hands on his hips.

"I don't want to be gentle," I whispered in his ear. 

"Then don't. Just fuck me."

It was nothing we hadn't done before. I ground my cock against his ass, dry-humping him, as my hand snaked around his slim waist. I grabbed his erect penis in my own hand, and as my cock found his opening, I began to work it inside of him.

He grunted in my arms. I knew I was hurting him, but he liked pain -- he'd had much worse. 

I worked it into him, not hesitating, just a smooth push, until I was impaled in him to the hilt. He cried out as I began working it in and out.

Fenris gripped the wall as I quickly worked up to slamming it in and out of him. I couldn't help it; he always did this to me. Reduced me to incoherency, did me in, until I lost all control. I bit his sensitive ear to make him moan, and wrapped my other arm around him as well.

The chains clanked as I fucked him up the ass as roughly as I could. The only other noise in the room was our mutual grunts, and the sounds of my hand on his cock. 

It didn't take me long. It never did. He turned his head to me and caught my mouth with his, biting my lip in return, and the realization once again that I had this incredibly powerful lyrium enhanced warrior chained up in my bedroom, submitting to me raping his ass drove me over the edge. I cried out aloud as I slammed into him and felt myself empty into him.

"Oh, you fucking asshole," he whispered, but that was all he got out, for my hand on his cock had done the job as well, and he came, hard, spurting across the sheet I had hung on the wall for exactly this purpose.

We panted in each others' arms for a moment, the two of us. I kissed his shoulder, his hair, his neck, fondly. Truth be told, I think I was in love with him, but I'd never dare tell him that.

I withdrew from him gently and stood back to admire my handiwork. Come slowly leaked down his ass and legs, against that pretty dark skin. He looked over his shoulder as I cleaned myself off.

"What about me?" He turned slowly in his chains again.

"What about you? I think I'll leave you chained up for a while. After all, I might want you again."

"What?" he roared, but I was already heading into the bathroom. I smirked over my shoulder. 

That was for later.