 He grabbed my hips, pulling me up in the air. Hardly realizing what was happening, I had to put my legs around him not to fall. My hands fell on his chest in order to push him away, accidentally covering his full, hard nipples, but he was way too strong for me. Seeing how pushy I had become, he squeezed me against the wall, making me feel his erect manhood through his shorts. Next thing I knew, his head was too close, his lips pressing against mine. I opened my mouth to protest, but his tongue was too fast. Rubbing against mine, he pushed my lips even further apart and started exploring my mouth. I tried to say something, but all that came out of my mouth was a weak moan.

After five minutes of french kissing, he finally let me go. He smiled when I released an unsatisfied grunt. He pushed my hair back and turned my neck to freely suck on it. I thought I was about to go crazy when the tingling feeling gave me a full erection.

"Stop it." I finally managed to mumble.

Slowly and sensually moving his tongue near my ear, he whispered with his deep voice, "Second you tell me you don't like it, I stop."

"I don't ...uuhh" I nearly screamed when he reached to unbuckle my jeans. Pulling my pants down, he grabbed me aggressively and threw me on the bed. His lusty eyes centered on my tight briefs, he took off his own shorts and threw them on the floor.

"Say you want it." He demanded, spreading my legs to lay on me with his full weight, "Say it!"

He thought he had me. I grabbed him by his neck and pulled him down near my ear.

"Never!" I hissed, playfully biting his ear.

I heard him grunt and when he looked at me, I saw it in his eyes. He wanted me. And, yes, I did want him too. I was actually about to go crazy from all the feelings rushing to my head, heart, and especially cock.

Chris grabbed my t-shirt and tore in half. I was about to snap in protest, but he once again put his tongue inside me to shut me up. As an answer, I pushed him on his back and now I was on top, sucking on his neck and playing with his nipples.

His dick rubbed against my thigh and I knew I could not wait any longer. I started exploring my way towards his crotch by running my tongue over his hairy chest and muscled stomach, until I finally reached the pubic hair.

I stood up for a second and kneeled down in front of the bed, right between his legs. Chris made a funny sound when he saw me in that position, kneeling in front of him, in all my glory, ready to please him as best I could. It was not just that, though. It was more. I wanted to make this cocky, arrogant playboy helplessly beg me for more. 

I had never slept with any one, but I got pretty close couple of times. Two guys at my Ukrainian school had decided to experiment and I gave them blow jobs after they stroked me. But I think the people that really taught me how to suck were guys in pornos and Mr. Ivanov. Mr. Ivanov was my dad's friend who frequently came over to our house. Once, when he got drunk and stayed overnight, my genius parents decided to give him a couch in my room. I was half-asleep when he walked in and started talking about girls, asking me bunch of questions. I became a little uncomfortable and when he noticed it, he started pressuring me even more. He started whining about how his wife never gave him a blowjob because of her conservative attitude. He mentioned how badly he wanted one. When I did not answer, he came over to sit on my bed. I trembled in fear when he touched my hair and pushed me to suck his little, fat penis. I sucked him couple of times that night. I am not even sure I enjoyed it. It was more of a scary and exciting thought - I had done something forbidden. Since then, he visited regularly. Since he knew chemistry well, he thought I could use some lessons. Truth is, all he taught me was pure anatomy. However, we never had anal sex. I did not want it and he did not pressure me.

Now with Chris, I could use some of the oral lessons that I had learned. I slowly pulled his boxers down, massaging his thighs at the same time. When I finally took his underwear off, his fully erect cock popped up. I felt breathless for a second. It was at least 8 inches. I had never seen such a beautiful manhood in my life. It was clean and cut, ending with dark pubic hair and huge, heavy balls. He grinned with pride when he saw me dumbfounded.

I slowly moved my head towards it and smelled the musky aroma created by his cologne and the strong, manly scent. I took a deep breath and started licking his head. I heard him moan and that gave me self-confidence to continue. Massaging his heavy balls, I gently sucked the cock, going deeper, inch by inch. I nearly gagged once, but I changed my position and then it was better. I moved my head up and down and kept increasing the speed. Chris stroked my hair and I kept my eyes on him the whole time. He grunted and moaned, his body shuddering, and when he could not take it anymore, his head fell back and he grabbed my hair.

"Stop, I don't wanna cum in your mouth." He growled and reached my hand to help me lie down next to him. "You were great."

I smiled and moved my lips closer to him. He laid on top of me and once again slid his tongue in my mouth, grabbing and pulling off my underwear with this right hand. He was still kissing me when I suddenly felt a finger entering my anus. I screamed and buried my fingernails in his back.

" I ... I'm a virgin" I muttered, red from embarrassment.

"That's cute" he replied and started sucking on my neck. "Do you want me to stop?"

"No." I finally whispered.

He grinned and turned me on my stomach. He lazily stood up and went to get his jeans. I looked back and saw him taking out a condom, but my eyes concentrated on his ass, his muscled, round ass. Soon, he came back and put a pillow under my thighs, spreading my legs to make himself comfortable. I saw him kneel down and then I turned around, facing the wall. I felt something wet in my anus.

At first, I thought it was his finger again, but then I realized it was his tongue. He added his finger to stretch my virgin asshole for himself. I tried to breathe, and I was about to calm down when the weirdest feeling went through me - like electricity and I nearly jumped. It was like a sign for Chris though, and he started eating my ass out. I kept on moaning and took another pillow to scream into so no one would hear.

After a while, he took his tongue out and added another finger, sliding and turning it in my anus, making me twitch from pleasure.

"Oh God, Chris!" I screamed so loud, he laughed a little.

He probably got tired of it and thought I was ready for the big "guy". He un-wrapped the condom he had taken out and rolled it on himself. I was facing the wall, sitting into the doggy-style position, absolutely ready to be ridden.

Chris moved up behind me and placed his hand on my hips.

"Relax, okay? Beathe and pain will soon go away."

I believed him and closed my eyes, trembling from fear and excitement. Within a few seconds, I felt his head trying to enter. The second I pushed out, he pushed in and I hissed from pain, grabbing the pillow under me not to scream.

"Relax. Breathe." He leaned in, his hairy chest rubbing up against my back. Chris started a slow rocking motion, burying his manhood inside me inch by inch. He kept it inside and continued calming me down. I finally relaxed and he felt free to start moving slow. It still hurt like hell, but it also gave me this weird feeling that I lacked part of my body, a part that Chris gladly gave to me.

He straightened up and grunted like a mad man.

"You are so tight, dude. So tight" He grabbed my ass cheeks and started moving faster.

"Fuck me", I muttered, "Faster."

The decrease of pain and increase of pleasure made both of us feel better. He started pushing in with all his strength, grunting and calling out my name.

He thrust in me even harder, hitting my prostate every time he would enter. Getting close to cuming, he leaned in to kiss my neck. With his bare hand, he grabbed my dick and started stroking it aggressively fast.

I had forgotten all about the game or the shame. I was literally begging Chris not to stop and he would do anything but stop. Our rhythmic movement ended within a few minutes, when he yelled and came inside me. He stroked me so fast I followed him right after, leaving the already dirty bed covered with my cum.

Chris was so exhausted, he collapsed right next to me, panting and hardly breathing. Personally, I felt better than ever. It was not just physical. He had freed me both sexually and spiritually and I never imagined I could be able to find tenderness in such passionate treatment.

I looked at him. He was still resting, his eyes shut and body trembling. He had taken the condom off and his penis was already softening. His thin lips had gone dry, his muscles had relaxed and his chest seemed even broader than usual. Yes, he was as handsome as ever.

I got close to him and put my head on his chest, my right arm playing with his nipple. I was falling asleep, when Chris suddenly moved to grab his shorts once again.

"Do you wanna smoke?" He murmured.

"I don't smoke"

"Pills?" He asked

"What?"

"How about some pills?" He asked.

"No, thanks. I do not do drugs" I replied smile.

"Yeah, you're clean. I knew it. But, that's fine. I like cleanliness in babes." He laughed.

"What did you say?"

"Never mind." He muttered and took a deep smoke.

I was pretty sure it was not just a cigarette. It did not smell like it. I felt a little uncomfortable, but I did not say anything. At least he did not pressure me into anything.

Then, the awkward silence came. However, it was broken, once he stopped smoking and got up, pulling up his boxers and shorts.

"Are you going?" I asked.

"Yeah, I am just gonna chill with my friends, babe. I would invite you, but I don't think you know them or would like them" He replied, putting on his shirt. I understood where it was going and I got a weird feeling, as if a ball was stuck in my throat.

"See you at school then." He waved and left, leaving the door open.

I was so full of emotions, I nearly broke down right there: shame, disappointment, betrayal. I felt like a toy that kids threw away as soon as they unwrapped it and saw what it was. Most of all, I felt empty and naked, both physically and emotionally. I tried to cover myself up with a blanket, but that did not help. My anus felt sore and I felt like I had been full, but part of me had been taken away. A tear formed in my eye, but I simply refused to cry.

I stood up, found my underwear and shorts and realized the t-shirt was torn in half. I left the room and was glad to realize no one paid any attention to me. The room was only occupied by the couple, who were humping like I had been 10 minutes ago. I wondered if one of them would end up as heartbroken as I was at that moment. I left the house and the night wind made me tremble. I walked to the beach to look for Kelly and I finally found her, talking with some friends.

"What the hell happened to you?" She laughed.

"Can you take me home? Please." I answered with my broken voice.

"Ok. let's go" she quickly replied back and said good-bye to everyone.

I would at least get away from that place, get away from him.

***

I was looking at the houses, when Kelly suddenly snapped,

"You know, I love you more than ... well, I love you more than I thought I would ever love an exchange student, but - I know this will make me sound like an asshole - I fucking told you so."

"You did." I answered quietly, "I am not even as mad at him as I am at myself. I acted like one of those dumb Mexican soap opera characters, you know. I should have known better"

"Ok, don't bring yourself down now. We all lose it one way or another anyways." She smiled at me and kept driving. "So ... how did you like it?"

"Oh my god, you are sick!" I laughed hysterically."I don't want to talk about it right now"

"He actually never stuck out as a gay or bisexual" She said after a while, "If somebody else was

telling me this, I would not believe it."

"My sore ass is a fine witness." I chuckled and readjusted my seat so that it would not hurt.

After a while, we fell silent till we reached my house. I carefully got out of the car, said good-bye to Kelly and walked into the hall. The lights were out and everybody had fallen asleep so, I went ahead and entered my room, collapsing on the bed.

Things got better after couple of days. The only reminder of that night was seeing Chris every day in class. He never talked to me and I did not talk to him, either. Our swim team was doing well and I was getting good grades.

In addition, I met Matt. He was on our football team. Medium-built, blue eyes and brown hair, Matt was a popular jock. He was as straight as you could get and I knew it. I did not even like him romantically, we just became really good friends. Kelly, Ash, Matt and I would go to parties together. They had become like a second family to me.

"Chris is a complete dick." Matt said when I talked about that night. We did not really have any secrets with each other.

"I figured that out, thanks." I gave him a fake smile.

"Hey, don't bitch at me. If I had known you, I would have warned you, but something gives me the feeling you would have done the same thing anyway." He sighed.

"That's probably true." I laughed and changed the subject.

I did not talk to Chris till next Saturday, after the party. We were partying at Matt's friend's house and my host family asked me to come home. I could not find any of my friends to give me a ride. So, I just decided to walk because I remembered house was not that far.

I left the water and headed to the street. After an hour of wandering without direction, I finally gave up and stopped to rest. I was lost. Every freakin' house looked the same to me. I sighed and took out my phone. The battery was dead. Great. After taking a short break, I stood up once again and continued walking.

Suddenly, I realized that a car had been following me. I turned around right at the time when its lights nearly made me go blind. I muttered something and looked at the driver's seat of the car that had now stopped right in front of me. I lost all the words when I recognized him.

"Get in the car." Chris growled.

"What? No!" I suddenly yelled and started walking to get away from him. He pushed the gas and slowly followed me, keeping some distance but not letting me out of sight.

"Babe, get in the car, please!" He shouted from behind me.

"What did you call me? Babe? Are you fuckin' kidding me?" I turned back to him, screaming furiously. "And why on earth would I even consider getting in your car after everything that happened?"

"Oh, for fuck's sake!. Just get in, it's not like I am asking you to bend over." He snapped as well.

"Funny, very funny." I retorted without even smiling.

"Keep your voice down. What the hell are you doing in this neighborhood at this time anyway? Do you know how dangerous it is?" He sighed and stopped the car." Just get in the car, I'll get you home and then you can bitch as much as you want."

I looked around and my heart skipped a beat when I saw everything clearly now. In the shade, there were people sleeping. There were no houses around me. It was just a fence and a huge wall for just one building covered in spray paint. I was lost and I realized that declining the offer would be really stupid of me. It was not like he was asking me to bend over, as he said. I opened the car door and got in, without saying a single word. Chris was smiling, his muscles relaxed and he took out a cigarette to smoke.

"So, what do you want to listen to?" He turned to me, "What kind of music do you like?"

"I don't fucking care." I answered, not looking at him.

"Hey, first rule - no bitches in my car. But, you are fine. I guess I violate that rule every day with different ones." He chuckled at his joke and put the cigarette out.

"You are disgusting." I barked.

"Oh, come on. Did you lose your sense of humor together with your virginity?" He grinned.

"Shut up!"

"What's the address? Oh, and I am taking you home. It's way too late for you to go to another party." He grunted.

"Who are you to decide that?" I scolded in anger.

"I am the driver, so ..." He laughed.

"You are not my dad." I answered, shaking my head.

"Yes, but I am someone who ... never mind. Let's just get you home safely and leave it at that."

I told him my address and then we fell silent. I quietly looked at him couple of times. He was still handsome. His black eyes were tensed and he, once again, showed off his body with his sleeveless shirt. My eyes went down to his hairy legs and then there was his cock, hiding under two layers of clothes. I blushed horribly when I realized he saw me looking. I quickly turned around and started looking at the scenery. We arrived at my house and I jumped out.

"Thank you." I mumbled and tried to smile.

"Yup." He rolled down the window and started his car. He went back to the road and yelled out before leaving, "This is just the beginning."

"Beginning of what?" I asked.

"Us."

"No way!" I answered and opened the door. I was about to close it when I heard him:

"There is always a way."

---

Hello! First of all, I want to thank my editor, AMGrulz, who has been really helpful. Third part will be published soon and it will be written from other character's point of view. Thanks for Reading!