 Chris

She moaned every time I thrust in her. Bitch had already come twice. However, I was still waiting for my own orgasm. I guess I was just not on the right mood. I pushed out of her and took off my condom. She whined with dissatisfaction, but I seriously did not care. I did not even know her fucking name. I pulled up my pants and left the room, lighting a cigarette and taking a deep smoke. Truth is, I always enjoyed having sex with both girls and boys. I guess you could call me a bisexual or whatever. I don't give a fuck about labels. Plus, I never even kept it as a secret. All my close friends know about it. I told my mom too but she did not say much. She doesn't really say much at all.

I always enjoyed sex and never really got attached to partners after it. That's how it always was and that's how it should be. Then why did I stop liking it? Actually, I do know why but it's way too much for me to take. I guess I should start from the beginning.

I wanted my senior year to be fun. I would just stay in Cali and open a restaurant or some shit like that. College is for losers anyways. So, I decided to relax and enjoy my last high school year with my friends. Everything went smoothly till that new exchange student got transferred to my English class.

His name is Grig. I remember the first time I saw him. He was sitting with some brunette chick in the front row. He didn't even look at me during the class. I sat in the back and could not take my eyes off of him. He was the sexiest guy I had ever seen. His slightly long golden hair barely touched his shoulders. He looked at the teacher with his big blue eyes and when Mr. Ebron asked him something, he spoke in his sexy accent giving me a quick boner. I could no longer concentrate on the lesson, not that I cared, but still. Every time he sucked on his pen with his full red lips, I imagined it was my dick instead.

"What the fuck is up with you, bro?" Oscar asked, staring at me.

Oscar had been my mate since my freshman year. Yes, he could be a little slow sometimes but he was a good friend and fun to be around with. You could always depend on him.

"What?" I turned around facing him.

"You've been zoned out for like whole class. Did you fucking smoke without me?" He growled.

"Fuck off. I'm just tired" I tried to act as if I had not gotten any sleep.

I suddenly heard a giggle. I turned around and it was Marissa, my other best friend. She was a really beautiful, black-haired girl that Oscar was in love with. I tried to have sex with her my sophomore year, but then I found out how my friend felt about her. Soon, they started dating and I became friends with her. Now, she was one of my best friends. The thing about Marissa was that you could never hide anything from her.

"I think somebody's been a creeper today." she chuckled and pointed at Grig.

"Shut up!" I grunted, "I'm just tired."

"Yeah, I bet" she smiled and drew a little heart on my notebook.

"You are such a bitch!" I laughed and erased her "art work".

After the class, I got a better look at the Ukrainian guy. I nearly gasped when I saw him move in his skinny jeans. I felt a horrible urge to walk over to grab his round ass. Instead, I looked around, blushing, and left the building to go to the cafeteria. Lunch was pretty boring. Everyone at the table was talking about my crush on the new kid. I stopped denying it because it had become too obvious.

That night, I could not make myself fall asleep. I lay on my bed, smoking and slowly stroking my dick. I came couple of times, fantasizing about Grig screaming my name while my cock was about to explode in him. I had never felt like this about anyone before, and that made me extremely uncomfortable. I thought it was because of the weed and it would go away in the morning. However, something even weirder happened. I actually looked forward to going to school for English class, just to see him and how he'd look that day.

"Why don't you just talk to him?" Marissa asked, walking to school.

"I don't know. It's just fucking weird." I shrugged and entered the main hall.

That day, the teacher decided to group us up and I got Marissa and my friend Brad. My mate Oscar was lucky enough to be with Grig. Well, his girlfriend was in my group so I bet he thought the same about me.

I was just laughing with Marissa about how Oscar was giving a hard time to that blonde chick, when I suddenly saw him stand up and run over to Grig. I had seen that expression on my mate's face and I knew he was up to no good. I was about to get up when I felt Marissa's hand on my shoulder. I sat down, all tensed and sweaty from nervousness. It was like Oscar felt it too and he looked at me. He knew that punching Grig would not be a smart decision and sat back down.

Soon, the bell rang and I waited for everyone to leave to talk to Oscar in private.

"What the fuck, dude?" I muttered.

"That Grug or Grag or whatever is a fucking bitch." he snapped. "No one has ever talked to me like that and I won't let that Russian asshole do that ever again! Do you hear me?"

"Calm the fuck down right now." I answered in a completely calm voice. "First of all, he is Ukrainian and his name is Grig and then ..."

"Oh, whatever. Who gives a fuck?" He yelled and went to the door, "Fuck him and get it over with."

The next week or two was less crazy. I never really found an appropriate time to talk to Grig and he did not seem that interested himself. I still fantasized about him in class though. I had to go to the restroom couple of times to masturbate 'cause he got me too horny.

I was surprised when I got an invitation to the party from that blonde chick. She stayed after class to talk to me. She was wearing a tight cheerleader uniform, as if she was trying to show off her boobs and ass. There was nothing to show off though, really.

"So, come if you can." She smiled. "I'll be waiting."

"Waiting for me, or for my little friend?" I asked.

"Who is your lit ... Oh, I get it." She blushed, "Jeez, Chris, that's nasty."

"My penis is nasty? That's kinda insulting." I answered in my deep voice and moved closer to her.

"Yeah ... I mean ... It's not like dirty nasty. It's just ... Why are you making me do this?" She whined, not taking a step backwards.

"It's just that how can you tell if it is nasty if you've never felt it?" I whispered in her ear, sliding my hand in her underwear. "Never felt its length, warmth, thickness."

"Teacher might walk in." She moaned "Follow me to the restroom."

She grabbed her backpack and walked in front of me, teasing her round ass. We entered the girls' restroom and in no time she was on her knees deep throating my length. I quickly came in her mouth, but she spat it out. I pushed my dick back in my boxers and zipped my jeans. I opened the door and as I was leaving I heard her unsatisfied grunt.

"I'll finish you at the party, if you behave." I growled and left her.

***

On Friday, as usual, I picked up my 12-year-old sister after school, dropped Oscar off at his house, and went back home. My mom had fallen asleep on the couch with empty beer cans in front of her. I picked her up and put her in bed, covering her with the blanket. After that, I made a quick meal for my sis and asked her what she did at school.

My father was a cop and he was killed 6 years ago. Things were way better back then. I didn't really love him, but I respected his authority. You couldn't call him a constant abuser, but he had his bad days and those days usually became worse for me. Overall, it was still better than what was to come. He was shot by some drug addict and died two days later in the hospital. The government started covering some of our bills and expenses and his friends helped us out. My mother had never worked and she had no clue what to do. However, people soon started forgetting us and my dad's friends decided they had helped enough. My mother got a job as a waitress and we still managed to survive. She would always sob at night, hugging my sister and me. Years went by and she started hugging empty bottles instead. Her alcohol addiction did not go unnoticed and she was fired. She got another job and was fired in less than a month. That's when I started working for a furniture moving company. We were still pretty tight on money, but I managed to buy a crappy car and could afford some stuff for my sis. I can even sometimes afford shit like weed, cigarettes or pills.

I was not working that day, so I decided to go to that blonde chick's party. I called Oscar and told him to be ready for me to pick him up. It was around 10 o'clock and sis had gone to sleep. I changed my clothes, showered and got in the car.

We were a little late to the party. I looked around and suddenly saw Grig. I got a tingling feeling in my stomach from just looking at him. My hands got sweaty and I felt sudden urge to talk to him. That's when I saw Nick talking to him.

I do not like that guy. Actually, I didn't give a shit about him. Even though he was gay, he was definitely not my type and I never cared enough to even become friends with him. On the other hand, I would not let him work his fucking charms on Grig. I just would not. I don't even know why.

I walked over and said hi to both of them. I could not even look Grig. It felt as if he was peeking at my soul with his stare. I looked away and continued talking with Nick. Fortunately, some chick called the boy and I was left alone with my rival.

"I will make this short." My smile disappeared, "Just stay away from him. It will be best everyone"

"Or what? Are we in 2nd grade?" That bastard decided to be a smartass with me.

"Ok, looks like the short way is not enough for your slow brain." I scolded angrily, "You leave that boy alone unless you want to get hurt, really hurt. Aren't you trying to get that football scholarship?"

"Yeah, so?" He barked.

"It would be way fucking harder to get that if your legs are broken, wouldn't it?" I stared at him, intimidating him even more.

"Why do you give a shit?" He asked, confused and afraid.

"About what?"

"About that exchange student." He looked away, not daring to look me in the eyes.

"He is my biological brother. I am actually Ukrainian." I laughed, "It's not your fucking business. So, move on. Now!"

He mumbled something and hurried away from me. I chuckled to myself and took out a cigarette. I started walking towards the beach house. I guess I had a bad rep at school. I beat couple of footballers up back in freshman and sophomore years and since then, no one even tried to confront me.

I was still thinking about Grig and his red, full lips. I needed to feel them so badly I decided I was finally going to talk to him. I still thought it was ridiculous that I was being shy in that kind of situation, but he somehow managed to expose sides of me that were well hidden. I wanted to keep it that way, but I could not help myself. I had to see him. I was about to go back to the beach, when I saw couple of juniors taking pills in the house. I walked in and asked them for one. They refused at first, but when they realized who I was, they quickly gave me one and rushed to leave.

I swallowed the little pink pill and my head started spinning in no time. I opened another door and fell on the bed. I had never felt that confused and great at the same time. Everything was rotating around me. It got so hot in the room I had to take off my shirt. I sat up on the bed and slowly my senses came back. I still felt a little dizzy, but all I was thinking about was that boy's lips. As I was standing up to leave, the door creaked and Grig walked in. I was stunned. Still being high, I just wanted to kiss him, but he would not stop talking. I walked closer to him and his words became even more distant from me. I did not understand what he was saying. I tried to say something, but all I could do was mumble. He still continued to yell and I just decided to go for it.

I kissed him on his full red lips and then I gradually fell under his spell. The room started spinning around me. I tasted his smooth skin and thick blonde hair, his warm mouth and lovely breath. I was charmed by his intoxicating scent and soft sound that made me go crazy. I looked in his eyes and felt something extraordinary. I lifted him, placing him on the bed. He was like a drug to me. I wanted more. I needed more.

I woke up from this unbelievable dream as I felt Grig's hands around me. I was so confused, I did not know what to do. I offered him drugs and alcohol, but he refused. I should have known - bastard. I felt so stupid. Of course, he would not be a druggie like me. I suddenly felt disgusted at myself. I tried to look away, as he stared at me with a smile. He was like an angel, beautiful and innocent. I had ruined him. I took away his virginity, I nearly made him try pills and smoke weed. I was destroying him like I had destroyed myself. No, he was too good for me.

I left. I had to leave. He looked confused. I came up with some lame excuse and rushed out of the room. 

He would hate me, I knew that. It was still better that way for both of us. Some things are just not meant to be.

***

"So, do you love him?" Marissa fastened the seat belt and looked at me.

"You don't need to do that. I am an awesome driver." I chuckled and started the car.

"Do not change the subject and answer my question." she said in a serious tone.

"I don't even know. I thought I'd get over him after we had sex, but I still think about him ... a lot." I admitted and drove away from the party.

"You can't just get over these things." She sat up and rolled down the window. "Did you even talk to him?"

"No. I don't want to talk to him." I sighed, "I was high and had this weird twisted fantasy. It was beautiful, you know? I mean the sex. I have never had such a strong connection with someone. The thing is that it was probably because of drugs. Plus, we were complete strangers. We had not even talked before."

"Never?" She asked, lighting a cigarette.

"Never. So, it was something beautiful that I don't want to ruin. He was kind of angelic, you know? Even too pure, I'd say ... for me at least." I answered.

"Don't get all emo now!" Marissa punched me on the shoulder, "Shit, what if you are missing out even more by not talking to him!? It might not be ruined, but actually even get better."

"I will just get over him in no time." I slowed down the car. "Plus, he probably hates me already. Here's your house."

"Ok, I'm gonna go now, but don't be a downer." She pointed at me and smiled, "Text me if you figure something out. Love ya."

Marissa closed the door and ran to her house. I smiled at her and started the car. Driving home, I started thinking about work. I'd have to get up early on Saturday. I also had to give a ride to my sis.

I looked around and I nearly crashed my car, my heart skipping a beat. It was Grig, walking around in my neighborhood. At first, I even thought it was because of weed I had smoked. I could not decide what to do. I nearly drove past him, but I did not. What the fuck was he doing there? My neighborhood was horrible and it was full of some shitty assholes. I could not just leave him there, unprotected and alone.

So, I gave him a ride home. I realized he really was mad at me, but I could not help but think it was cute. Just the way he made bitchy comments tried to look all strict made me want him even more. As we got near his house, I realized one thing. He was not part of some fucking fantasy. He was a real person. I smiled, yelled at him and drove away. There was no going back from then on. Grig would be mine.

Grigor

"So, are Ash or Matt coming?" I shouted from Kelly's bedroom.

"No, just us." Kelly shouted back and came out of shower, covered only with a towel.

"So, where are we going?" I asked and sat down on her bed.

"It's supposed to be some college party. It's supposed to be kind of edgy. There will be many gay guys." She started drying her hair.

"Maybe, I can find another guy who fill fuck me and leave me alone in the room." I smiled.

"Don't be silly. Just have fun and relax." She answered, "Forget about that asshole."

It took 25 minutes for Kelly to get dressed. I was about to burn her wardrobe to end her dilemma. We grabbed quick dinner at some fast food restaurant and drove to the party. Getting out of the car, we were greeted with loud music and the smell of weed. It was a huge beach house and there were probably around 150 people in it.

We got in and started dancing. After an hour of non-stop action, I really needed to relax and left Kelly with some dude with glasses. I went to drink water and sat down at the bar to rest. There really were many gays. I had never been in such a place and, frankly, it made me a little shy and uncomfortable. I shrugged and took a can of beer. I looked around and saw one guy checking me out.

He was in his early 20's. He wore hipster glasses and a simple t-shirt with jeans. He smiled and came closer. I could now see his dark brown hair and eyes. He was a little overweight, but his smile and newly-grown beard made him look cute.

"Tired of dancing?" He asked, sitting down next to me.

"All the noise is kind of exhausting ... I'm sorry, I probably sound like a boring old dude." I tried to smile and cover my embarrassment, "It's Grig."

"We could go outside. It's way calmer there." He pointed at the stairs, "It's Mark, by the way."

"I probably should not." I declined the offer, "My friend is dancing down here. I can't leave her alone."

I looked around to find Kelly, but, to my surprise, caught a glimpse of Chris. Chris fucking Ebron. He haunted me like some stalker ghost. I swallowed some beer and turned back to Mark:

"You know what, let me get my friend for a second and then I'll come with you" I patted him on the shoulder and left.

I found Kelly making out with the guy she had been dancing with.

"Kelly!" I shouted and looked at her friend, "Sorry to interrupt but can I talk to her for just a second?"

"Now?" She sighed.

"It will be over in a second, I swear." I answered and grabbed Kelly and moved her closer.

"I'll be outside with that dude with glasses, okay?" I whispered, "So, don't panic if you don't see me."

"Ok, that's fine." She answered and smiled back at her friend.

"Ok, have fun with him." I left them together and joined Mark.

We went outside and it really did get way calmer. We walked to the parking lot near his car and he leaned on it, grinning:

"Here, I got you a drink." He gave me a glass, "Let's have a toast to our meeting."

"Cheers!" I laughed and finished the shot.

He moved closer and put his hands on my waist. Pulling me to him, he kissed me and sucked on my neck. I started moaning and put my hands around him. Mark grabbed my ass and placed me on the bumper of the car. He pulled out a condom and kissed me once more.

It's hard to explain, but as soon as he started unzipping his pants, I realized I did not want to have sex with him. I tried to pull him away and said I was not ready but Mark would not have it. He begged me to continue and squeezed my ass even more. I pushed him with more strength that time, getting annoyed.

"You are such a fucking tease." he scolded in anger.

"Just fuck off!" I tried to stand up.

"You don't talk to me like that, you shithead." He yelled and pointed at me.

"Leave me alone ... shithead!" I yelled back.

Out of sudden, he grabbed my hair and forced me to turn around. I shrieked as he tried to take off my pants.

"Stop it, please! I'll scream I swear!" I cried out and tried to get his hands away from me.

"Who the fuck will hear you!? Everyone screaming and shouting anyway." He muttered and twisted my left hand.

I screamed from pain, as tears started rolling down my cheeks. I tried to run away and hit him with my left leg. It seemed to hurt him, because he shouted my name and leaned on the car, backing down. I cried out once more and tried to get away, my legs trembling as I ran.
