 I had taken a part-time job in an exercise facility in a small town in southern Alberta. By working there I had unlimited access to the facility free. Being a little shy around the bigger lifters this meant that I could exercise alone after the 9:00 closing.

One evening Graham dropped by to check out the facilities. I knew him casually and when he mentioned that he needed to get in shape I told him about the club. After looking around he confided in me that he would not be comfortable exercising with all the other men in there working out, he felt embarrassed and would rather work out alone at home. For some reason I told him that I worked out after closing if he was interested. Perhaps it was because he was slim like me and could understand his shyness around some of the big lifters we had. The only other trait of Grahams that was really obvious was that he was very short, about 5'-4" and this may have contributed to his unwillingness to use the weight room with the others.

We agreed that he would work out two times a week, he told me his wife would not let him out more than that, and set the next Tuesday as his start day with Thursdays to follow. The next Tuesday near closing Graham showed up already dressed in loose shorts and a tee shirt. After checking that everyone was out and locking up we went to the weight room and I showed him a short program to begin with. I explained that since there were the two of us we could use heavier weights and spot each other at the weight bench.

We got to know each other as we worked out and I found that I liked Graham and felt a little sorry for him. His wife was domineering and he had a need to assert himself but had not found a way to achieve that yet in his life. The last exercise of the night would be bench presses and after spotting him for his 3 sets I adjusted the weights and got down on the bench. I found that due to his height as he stepped up to spot me his shorts brushed against my face. At first I thought nothing of it but as I started straining with the weight and exhaling through my mouth I found that I could look up his shorts and discovered that Graham didn't wear any underwear. Each time I blew out I got a good view of his soft cock hanging along his leg and started blowing hard on the third set, letting my breath blow over his cock. With each breath I could see his cock getting longer and swelling thicker and wondered if I could get him hard but my ten reps was over and it was time to head home. He looked at me a little strangely as we closed up but said he would be back Thursday for another session.

I thought quite a lot about Graham over the next two days, wondering about what had happened and how it could have gone. I decided that I would find out if the next time we exercised, he was again naked under his shorts. Thursday night finally came and just before closing Graham showed up again in shorts and a tee shirt. We both quickly started our routines and before long I was laying back on the bench getting ready for some bench presses. As Graham stepped up to spot I made some adjustments under the bar to ensure I got a good view up his shorts. I was very happy to find his soft cock again lying along the inside of his leg. As I slowly began pumping the bar I immediately began blowing air along his cock, watching it slowly lengthen again. By the end of the second set, although not hard his cock was just an inch or two above my face. Deciding to see how he would react I appeared to really strain as I started the third set and lifted my head from the bench.

The head of his cock briefly touched my closed lips and slid along my cheek. I could feel him tense up, then rise himself up on his toes away from me. I thought I had gone to far for a moment but he then lowered himself back down and if anything bent his legs even more. Opening my lips just a little I began pumping the bar again, with each upward push, raising my head enough to allow the head of his cock to run across my lips. By the end of my rep his cock was rock hard and only the leg of his shorts kept his cock pointed down towards me. Standing above me he must have seen my hard cock through my sweats. As I placed the bar back on the cradle Graham immediately turned and headed for the door. By the time I got up he was at the exit. I called out and asked if he was coming next Tuesday and he answered yes as he left.

As we started our exercises on the following Tuesday there seemed a tension in the room, I know that I was very nervous and imagined that Graham was as well. I didn't seem to be able to concentrate and just went through the motions thinking of the bench press. Spotting for Graham I kept my eyes focused on his crotch feeling my own cock swell against my sweats. Although not hard, he must notice my cock stretching out, swelling above his face. As he got up I quickly took his place on the bench waiting for him to step up to the bar, waiting to feel his cock brush my lips again. I was surprised, and happy, to find that his cock was already hard when he stepped over me. He must have adjusted himself to trap his cock in his shorts leg before stepping up to spot which made me very happy. He liked this as much as I did! As I grabbed the bar Graham bent his knees slightly until the head of his hard cock brushed my face. Moving the bar up I turned my head just enough to allow his cock to brush against my lips before starting the presses. During the first ten reps his cock rubbed across my lips with each motion. 

As I cradled the bar between reps Graham stood still, his cock still against my lips. Grabbing the bar again, I opened my mouth just enough to allow the head of his cock against my teeth and with each repetition let my tongue lick the slit of his cock. With the start of the third set I opened my mouth enough to let the head of Grahams hard cock into my mouth if he wanted. I could hear him groan as he bent his knees more and pushed his cock into my mouth. Leaving the bar in the cradle I started tonguing the head of his cock as he started pushing his cock into my mouth. Knowing that this was not comfortable for him or me I rolled of the bench to my knees in front of him and pulling up his shorts leg wrapped my lips around his cock. I got a quick glimpse of about 6" hard cock, average thickness, before it was in my mouth. The taste of the pre-cum, the feel of the cock head on my tongue, the hard shaft against my lips was all I needed to start sucking his cock as if life depended on it. With each groan I picked up the pace on his cock needing to taste his cream.

Very quickly his body tensed and I could feel the swelling of his cock and the spasms working up the shaft as he started to pour a load of cum into my mouth. Shot after shot of thick warm, salty cum washed over my tongue. The smell of ammonia filled the air as he kept fucking my mouth and I kept swallowing his juice. Finally the pumping stopped and I could feel his cock slowly soften between my lips as I milked the last drops of cum from his cock. Graham seemed to be in a trance as I stood, eyes closed, breathing deeply. I sat and watched him until he opened his eyes and said, "That was great." I just smiled at him and waited for him before deciding what to do next. When he finally sat down he asked if that was my first time sucking cock, I told him no but it was not my intention to seduce him but that his cock was making me crazy hanging in my face like that. We talked about how he felt about me sucking his cock, which he loved, and he asked me about sucking his cock, which I loved. All the while resting his cock began swelling up, growing along his leg. He asked if I would blow him again and I asked him when, he said how about now and each time we exercise. In response I slid to my knees and tugging his shorts off this time began to stroke his hardening cock. 

Stroking his shaft I began licking and sucking on his nuts then moving up to run my tongue up the shaft of his cock t the head. Taking the head in my mouth I then moved back down his shaft swallowing as much of his hard cock as I could take in my mouth. Slowly sucking on his cock this time I was able to enjoy the subtle body movements Graham made to help pump his cock in and out of my mouth. I stopped to ask him if he would rather just fuck my face or have me suck him off. With a groan he said fuck your face and stood up. Taking his cock in my mouth I remained as still as I could as he started pumping his cock in and out of my mouth with short powerful strokes. As he quickened his pace he asked if a man had ever fucked me. Looking up into his eyes, his cock pumping in and out of my mouth, I nodded my head as much as I could. This seemed to put him over the edge and he started cumming again in my mouth, feeding me another load of his cream.

We cleaned up after that and left for the night. Already we were both looking forward to next Thursday. After ushering everyone out two nights later I went to the weight room to find Graham sitting on the bench naked. When he saw the surprise on my face he said that he thought we might skip the exercise, if that was alright by me. Without the exercise I had time to suck his cock twice and again he ended the night by fucking my mouth. Again he asked about being fucked just before blowing his load for the third time that night into my mouth. I thought about this constantly until the next Tuesday rolled around. Again after locking up I found Graham naked and hard waiting for me to service him. This time as I slowly gave him his first blowjob of the night, I pulled my mouth off his cock and asked if he would like to fuck me. His cock slid back into my mouth and he started pumping his hips hard as he started cumming down my throat. Once soft and milked dry I asked him again if he wanted to fuck my ass. Fuck yes he groaned, I want to cum in your ass. Not having brought any lube with me I told him we could go into the showers and use the soap. 

With the warm water running over us I got to my knees and started sucking Graham's cock, getting it hard again. Then I took the soap and lathered his cock up. I would have rather have bent along the wall but as he was so short I had to kneel on the hard tiles using a towel to help protect my knees. Moving up behind me Graham started moving his cock into me. First the head started slowly entering me and then in his hurry he thrust hard driving the rest of his cock deep into my ass. I groaned with the pain and tried to slow him down but he started pounding his cock hard and fast into me, fucking me like a wild animal. In just a few minutes he drove his cock deep into my ass and told me was cumming. As his cock pulsed out his cream into me I could feel his cum soothe the heat from the friction of his cock in my ass. When he finished cumming I began to slide out from under him but he grabbed my hips and asked me to wait. In a couple of minutes his now soft cock seemed to start to swell up in my ass and he started slowly pumping me this time. I could feel his cock getting harder in me and how much easier he fucked me with his cum in my ass. Soon he was again pounding his hard cock into my ass and this time he made it last until he finally blew another load up my ass.

This started the cycle of our relationship. Twice a week I would suck his cock and he would fuck me. Sometimes he would cum twice, sometimes as many as five times before we had to head home. For two years, until work moved me to Ottawa, Graham and I met twice a week, except for holidays, so that he could feed me his cock. Had I not moved in 1984 we would probably still be meeting so Graham could fuck my mouth and pound my ass.