 One night that spring, a lost tropical wind strummed the valley and hillside campus, but with final exams looming, the dining hall at breakfast remained muted. Then in morning assembly the portly headmaster surprised everyone when out of the blue he announced a school holiday, laughing heartily as we cheered, whistled, clapped and stamped for what seemed like a full minute. 

Box lunches were available in the kitchen, he continued, because buses would carry the whole school, by the way, to opening day, at Yankee Stadium. More cheering erupted, and when that rowdy celebration finally died down, the headmaster added that boys who chose not to go to the game would have access to the gym, the pool and the library: of course we could use the free day to study, he said, to a raucous communal guffaw. 

After assembly as boys were gaily dressing down banging open the door noisily exiting the dorm, Jamie and I, college-bound, hung back in our room having made our own gay plans.

By mid-morning almost everyone had dispersed. Casually aroused, we took forbidden showers, dressed in boxer shorts, tee shirts and sneakers, and with wet-combed hair basked like mountain climbers in the sun on the warm cement steps of the dorm. 

After the young English teacher who lived at the end of the hall drove off with his wife, we discreetly lowered elastic waistbands to liberate hard penises and potent sacs. Like permissive parents we pretended to ignore the vernal erections – it was their first time catching rays together. 

Way across the lawn, two shirtless boys were lobbing a lacrosse ball with languid sticks, in open defiance of the rules. Someone must have been in charge in the main building, but for the time being it seemed the whole administration had abdicated. 

Erections temporarily disciplined, awkwardly covered angling down, we picked up two of the remaining box lunches and returned to the dorm where I pulled the army blanket from my bunk. Luxuriating in the premature summer weather, the overwhelming sense of freedom on the quiet, abandoned campus, we strolled up across the wide sloping field behind the dorm, joking and carelessly bumping each other. 

After holding its breath for months, the ground exhaled warmth redolent of decomposing vegetation reborn. 

The blanket around my neck, I felt like a pack mule. Carefree, Jamie girlishly swung the box lunches forward and back in alternating arcs. Past the tennis courts, increasingly short of breath we entered the far woods, pausing eagerly to kiss and grind. With both hands I groped for the concealed cocks. 

"Come on," I breathlessly urged. Erections now protruding from our boxers, boldly pointing the way, we blazed a trail through gray hardwoods, dead leaves, dangling vines, refracted sunlight, spindly shadows and spider webs as fine and sticky as pre-ejaculate. The woods opened to the corner of a large neglected steepening pasture bisected downhill by a line of trees, jumbled stone wall and barbed wire fence drooping between rotting posts – probably an old property line – on the other side of which the grass really was greener. 

"You want to stop here?" I huffed, glancing down at both flagging erections. 

"Fuck no," Jamie said, placing hands on knees. "Let's go across. All the way." 

So we plodded through bunches of blanched grasses and weeds, invisible nettles scratching our ankles. Breaking a sweat we took turns gingerly stepping with stubborn partial erections bobbing over the rusty fence. 

Both distended penises waggling obediently with our every step, we diagonally crossed the remaining section of verdant pasture, at its center a small oak leaning uphill toward a granite boulder. 

"Are we there yet?" Jamie asked. 

"Almost," I said. 

At the tree line on the far side of the pasture I spread my blanket over uneven ground, the Promised Land. Jamie placed our box lunches on the blanket. Side by side, arm in arm we faced a distant school, catching our breath. The central tower and turrets of the miniature main building poked above tree tops, but the rest of the campus nestled invisibly. 

Half a mile south village rooftops congregated around a white steeple. Beyond the valley dormant geometric fields surrounded by pastel budding woods climbed to the gently rolling horizon of the Berkshire foothills crowned by cumulus. Scattered cloud shadows crawling north dappled the whole vista; silage and muck from a nearby dairy farm sweetened and soured the breeze. 

In his mock paternal voice Jamie said, "one day, my boy, this will all be yours." With my hip I nudged my friend. 

"Ours," I corrected him. Ignoring me he pulled off his tee shirt, waving it daringly over his head at the school. "Don't!" I scolded. He turned in a flash of anger. 

"I am just fucking sick of hiding," he snapped.

"I am too," I said, "but it's the only way." I pulled him into my embrace, kissing his hair. "Let's just pretend we own this whole place," I suggested. "Then we won't have to hide." 

Dropping to my knees I kissed Jamie's wide warm shaft lifting the big swollen cock pinching up a generous dribble of clear viscous lubricant onto my tongue, tasting, smacking my lips smiling up at him. Mollified, he grinned down at me grabbing a handful of my hair pulling me up then crouching, aiming my erection, pursing his lips around the tip of my cap squeezing out a full slug of my own emission while gazing up at me. 

I pulled him up by his ears. We kissed sloppily, our slick tongues sampling the same oily flavors. Swallowing breathlessly, we just hugged for about twenty seconds letting the fully revived erections mingle.

Sitting on the blanket we removed our sneakers. Jamie flung his one at a time into the pasture. I pulled off my white tee shirt. Rolling backward I hurled it futilely against warm woodsy wind propelling minute spores and winged seedpods spinning like little whirligigs. 

Jamie placed his hand on my warm belly. 

"You handsome fucker," he said. Propped on elbows, I smiled, tipping my head back, closing my eyes to burnt-orange, until Jamie tweaked my hard cock. "Come on, lover boy," he said. "Let's eat first." 

I sat up, lightheaded. Again pretending to ignore our persistent erections, we opened the box lunches, examining their contents: a sandwich and a cookie wrapped together in cellophane, a bag of chips, a small carton of purple bug juice, paper napkins, little squeeze packets of mustard and mayonnaise, a wrapped pat of butter. 

"Waiter!" Jamie called. "I didn't order this!" 

We laughed, mocking and nibbling institutional lunches we were both too aroused to finish. A loose napkin scooted, cart-wheeling away until snagged by thistle. Incredibly the day had warmed even further. 

Jamie demurely stood up at my feet facing away from me on the lower edge of the blanket. As if waking he crooked his arms and filled his lungs, athletically twisting his torso back and forth looking all around. Apparently satisfied that we were utterly alone, he exhaled, lowering his arms. 

A cloud shadow unrolled left to right across the empty pasture. Jamie slipped both hands under the waistband of his blue plaid boxer shorts, pushing down, exposing smooth plump buttocks pale as winter. 

"WHAT are you doing?" I asked facetiously, squinting up at him. He turned his head to state the obvious. 

"I'm getting a tan." He stepped out of the shorts, kicking them into the grass. 

"Nature boy," I said. Jamie wiggled his bare ass. Almost imperceptibly he again began twisting back and forth to waggle his thick nine-inch shaft and bulbous tapered head in the direction of the school. 

His twisting became more pronounced, the big cock flashing against his left hip until he paused looking down over his shoulder at me, eyebrows raised, lower lip pouting: he was testing his daddy to see if he was in trouble, again, for waving something at the school, but I only smirked back at him. 

Finally facing me, he smiled shyly, the fully engorged erection now shamelessly pointing uphill to the north, a weathercock. Against the familiar postcard scenery, Jamie's striptease had been simply breathtaking. 

Momentarily distracted by the sharp desire to take all of his big cock inside me, still I knew my time would come. What did I have to lose, except what little remained of my innocence?

"Can I fuck you?" I asked. Playfully Jamie pressed his big upstanding muscle and loaded sac down, stuffing them awkwardly, invisibly between his thighs behind a sandy blond triangle and little cleft, crossing one foot over the other, his knees girlishly buckling. 

"Maybe," he teased, "if you're nice to me." I laughed at my prissy, flat-chested, vaginal roommate, who uncrossed her legs, letting the formidable erection spring back to prominence. 

"That's SO much better," I said with exaggerated relief. Jamie smiled, turned around and bent over at the waist spreading his cheeks. 

"Come here," I said. He straightened, stepping backward beside me. I massaged his perfect buttocks. With my thumbs I separated the buns. Then I fingered my box lunch, fishing out the pat of butter melting and seeping at the creases. Anxiously I switched to my mock drill-instructor voice. "On your hands and knees, soldier." 

Jamie lowered himself to the blanket. I pealed back waxy paper to the amorphous glob of butter. 

"Spread 'em again," I said. Jamie placed his chin on the blanket, reaching back with both hands, his baggy, double-weighted scrotum hanging way down. I finger-tipped the sac from side to side then positioned the glob pushing it off the paper with my thumb onto Jamie's anus, spreading butter around the darker collar, gently probing with a knuckle the puckered pink center. 

"If I get ants," he mumbled into the blanket. I wiped my fingers on a napkin and smacked his right cheek. 

"You won't get ants," I said, "if you butter my cock."

He lifted his head, pivoting around on one knee, until I was in the sights of his sturdy, waggling erection. Smiling, he grabbed the waistband of my boxer shorts, slowly pulling down as I raised my butt. 

Angling down away from me, my hard cock withdrew into my shorts. Momentarily trapped under elastic, it toggled sideways, remaining hidden until snapping back against my belly. Jamie pulled off my shorts. Flinging them backward he bent down to kiss the underside of my tense touchy muscle. 

"It looks bigger in the sun," he said. I messed his long flaxen hair. 

Like a bull at a block of salt, again and again he slowly pulled his drooling tongue up the length of my scrotum, shaft, frenulum and glans, until I finally had to clutch his hair. Static lightning flashed. My whole body shuddered involuntarily, my erection contracting and bobbing as I almost ejaculated. But I relaxed. The climax receded. I released Jamie's hair. Another cloud shadow dimmed the pasture. 

I tipped my cock up, clenching to swell the shiny rose-gray glans. A little pearl oozed out. Staring, smiling, Jamie groped behind himself. He brought a cardboard box around, fingering down for the butter. Then he tossed the box aside, peeling open the pat, dipping his thumb, placing the pat on my thigh, taking my cock from me with his free hand, coating the tip of my glans, blending semen-laced pre-ejaculate and butter gleaming in sudden sunlight. 

Prepping his thumb again, he flicked the paper off my thigh and lubricated the rest of my shaft then leaned down, delicately tongued and tasted my oily little slit. 

"Popcorn!" he said, grinning. 

Again I messed his hair, which he tried to blow off his brow. Then as I propped up my glistening erection, Jamie straddled me on his knees, rocking forward, letting his own erection wobble but cupping his scrotum, pulling it up out of the way. 

His split globes hovered over my midsection. He lowered his body. 

When our flesh made contact I placed my free hand on the side of Jamie's upper buttock slowly guiding him down bareback, my glans prying into his smooth, tight sphincter clinching like rubber around my shaft. 

"Oh fuck," I said, letting go of my cock to pull Jamie down with both hands. He opened his mouth as his snug orifice gradually engulfed the whole root of my shaft. We smiled self-consciously at the completion of our coupling. 

Sitting on me, Jamie manipulated his scrotum and with his thumb toggled his flagrant erection. A gust of wind teased his hair.

In a dark culvert, I pushed up slightly, pulled back, and again, as far as I could. On his knees Jamie squirmed in counterpoint to my slow walking rhythm. He pinched and pulled the elastic skin of his sac like taffy, momentarily suspending his weight. 

I withdrew both hands as my veined shaft penetrated, disappeared into then reappeared between Jamie's buns. He clenched his butt downward as I pushed up, synchronizing a steady rhythm. My brown pubic hair began foaming. I tipped my head way back. 

Warm wind rattled the budding branches above me, huge billowy clouds maintaining their slow northerly procession. Jabbing upward, pulling back, bouncing Jamie, I was getting closer. But I didn't want my sordid ecstasy to end too quickly. I paused, raising my dizzy head. 

Dazed, Jamie released his scrotum, which settled against my pubic bone. He arched his back, grinding his buttocks against me in a small circle. His open mouth became a smile as his own erection, which had never looked quite so awesome, stirred aimlessly toward the sky. 

I stroked the outrageous cock. Jamie leaned down hungrily kissing my mouth. We licked and chewed, but when I resumed thrusting he straightened again.

I was bucking him now, trying to throw the inexperienced cowboy, his big hard muscle stabbing the air at various angles as I relentlessly banged up against him. Urgently he jerked his neglected cock. Had he been waving one hand over his head, grasping rope with the other, I swear I couldn't have bucked him any harder. But my nerves were beginning to fizz again and I wanted us to ejaculate together, so I paused, patting Jamie's left thigh. 

"Bring this leg over," I huffed.

He lifted the leg clear over my head, carefully pivoting around my cock. Now side-saddle in my lap, he realigned his scrotum on my inner thigh, spreading his legs out, heels in grass, facing south. We kissed impetuously, teeth colliding. Breathless, I pulled back looking down. 

Jamie's bold, stubborn erection patiently awaited my attention, like a loyal pet eager to please. A big round diamond of pre-ejaculate glittered at the tip, magnifying the slit. I kissed Jamie's clammy upper arm, sniffed his sour armpit then burrowed my left hand under his baggy scrotum rolling my fingers to lift and tumble loose testicles. 

With two fingers I rubbed, pressing into the firm cables behind the sac, touching the base of my own buried cock then pinching slowly up Jamie's hard shaft. The diamond melted as clear oily fluid bled down the side of his glans. 

Jamie gasped into my ear as I blocked and spread the ample lubricant with my thumb all around his bulbous cap. It shone in the sunlight, as if bruised. I bent down for a mildly salty lick, pulled back trailing a thread and resumed bucking. 

Like a struggling young non-swimmer Jamie flung his left arm around my slick lifeguard shoulders, tipping his head way back. Panting in the heat I licked the tendon in his phallic neck. Another cloud shadow unrolled across the pasture, implying privacy, granting permission. 

I clutched Jamie's damp hair with my right hand, bracing down on the warm blanket with my left, fucking him hard and fast. With my every upward thrust, Jamie's cock prodded toward me. I lowered my open mouth eagerly to envelop the glistening glans. 

Like a jockey Jamie rocked his hips to accelerate our dual coupling, both duped erections desperately plunging for their fleeting reward. I pushed my head farther down to accommodate without gagging as much of Jamie's cock as possible. 

I pulled his hair, hanging on – we were galloping nowhere on a runaway stallion.

Like a complete spastic Jamie rolled his head around. My right hand swept down over his sweaty, grainy back, fingers plowing back up into his damp hair. 

"It's coming," he warned. 

I made a little sound in my blocked throat, an appeal: wait for me? 

But his legs shot straight. He cried out. His sphincter clenched. I froze upward as rapid tepid spurts tapped the back of my throat, accumulating quickly around Jamie's obtrusive muscle. The angle of my neck prevented swallowing. 

Furiously I resumed thrusting, lunging for the finish line as Jamie whimpered helplessly, even more pulsing semen pooling around my lips, teeth and gums. Then my own nerves boiled over. Clamping Jamie's shoulder down, pulling my drooling mouth up from his spitting cock, I thrust conclusively and was myself thrown from our mount with a deafening silent crescendo, ejaculating deliriously. 

"FUG!" I blurted, splattering the side of Jamie's neck with half a mouthful of semen and saliva. Gasping I looked down just as his bruised bulbous glans swelled to emit a dying spurt. 

"God damn," he muttered, flinging his head way back, eyes closed to the clouds. 

Still throbbing delectably, I huffed and snorted as my orgasm gradually dwindled down to tingling bloated depletion. But Jamie's big cock kept bobbing. I gripped it, squeezing up a final opaque dollop blooming between the miniature parted lips of his blushing meatus. His barely audible surrender sounded like death, though I was the miner trapped in the darkening underground, dying in the culvert, leaning against a wall of membrane, running out of air. 

Like a drunk, Jamie struggled to focus on me close up, his mouth and blue-green eyes only partially open. Panting, sweating, again we kissed sloppily, both tongues dueling over elusive strands of semen. My whole body shuddered. Swallowing, I pulled back breathlessly. 

"Fuck!" we blurted together, laughing incredulously. 

Still gulping air, we licked gooey chops, our own and each other's. My sensitive, spent erection lingered invisibly as I slurped Jamie's dripping neck, sipping and swallowing diluted ejaculate lightly seasoned by perspiration. 

As I kneaded his doughy wet belly he squirmed in my arms and lap. Casually I handled his big supple cock, spreading the final gob of sperm over the tip of his cap with my thumb, sudden bright sunshine glinting on fresh shiny cream.

Alone at the edge of the empty pasture, two bodies twitching in random syncopation, we caught our breath holding each other loosely as muscles eased and pulses slowed, moist skin drying in the breeze to a salty glaze. 

I bent down to taste and to sip the warm smear of semen capping Jamie's bulb. Swallowing, I released his long lazy penis, straightened and gently pushed him sideways downhill. 

As we decoupled self-consciously, he rolled playfully between my legs. My stubborn erection tipped and reclined oozing against my thigh. 

Over his shoulder, Jamie flashed me a wicked smile. 

I grinned back at him, wallowing in pay dirt.