 Six weeks. Six weeks of hell or heaven, I wasn't sure. There was no way of getting out of it though. The experiment was a crucial part of my higher degree course and I would have to go, I would have to stay at the research facility and I would have to see Hugh Davis every single day. 

On the Saturday our group flew out from Heathrow to Washington D.C. Thankfully, although we all met up at the airport, buzzed with excitement about the upcoming flight, we had all bought our tickets separately and wouldn't be sitting next to each other. The last thing I needed was to have my thigh pressed up against my wet dream of a research partner for 7 hours. 

There were five in the group, all of us postgraduate students from Northfield University heading to the world-renowned laser facility to conduct a state-of-the-art experiment into renewable energy. I was the newest, having only started my course a month before. I appreciated I was just lucky, getting to go on an experiment of this magnitude so soon into my studies, so on a professional level I was grateful. 

Next in seniority were Cassie and Oscar, second year students, then Lorna and Hugh, both in their third year. Hugh was leading the group. He had helped design the work and had been to the facility before. The rest of the team would be relying on him to show them the ropes. 

The in-flight entertainment, consisting of 'Happy Feet 2' on a loop, did nothing to distract me from my current predicament. I had fallen head over heels in lust with Hugh as soon as I walked into the open-plan office on my first day at the University. He moved to shake hands as my tutor introduced him. The heat that rose to my cheeks could have powered the building. 

I may have not had much experience in dating or, well, anything like that, but I knew what I found attractive and Hugh was it. Taller than me, by about a foot. Clean-shaven with not a hair out of place. Strong, but not showy. A gentleman. Old fashioned, I know, but the heart wants what the heart wants. 

We chatted a little that first day. I met Cassie and Oscar and the four of us went for a tour around the campus. I had only moved to the town that weekend, but they made sure I knew how to get to the shops and where the best pubs were. We talked about all the obvious topics of conversation, where we came from, where we did our first degrees. Hugh joined in, laughing and joking, I stared at him often and nearly tripped over a tree stump. 

The group was friendly, but I knew how hard we had all worked to get there, so I could tell there'd be a serious side to things too. I was proven right that first week, after my tutor dropped a ton of reading on my desk, before relegating me to the library for the next few weeks. 

Getting off the plane, we met up at baggage claim. Seeing me struggle, Hugh helped drag my over-stuffed suitcase off the conveyor, simultaneously making me blush with embarrassment and desire as his muscles bulged with the strain. I was a weed in comparison. Pretty skinny, pretty short and all together an average guy. My shoulder length brown hair did nothing to help me stand out from the crowd and no matter how hard I tried I would always be a little scruffy around the edges. My sister's friends used to call me cute, but I never knew if they were taking the piss or not. 

We lumbered to the bus stop outside Dulles Airport and figured out the route to our hotel. We may have been five highly intellectual individuals, but it took Cassie asking an elderly lady for us to not end up heading in the wrong direction. 

Worn down from the flight, yet eager to explore the city, we checked into the hotel and headed immediately out. All expenses covered meant no need to share rooms. Having only met the others a month ago, I was glad not to be thrown in together so soon. I liked my space and, in particular, if I had to share a room with Hugh he could have got awfully molested rather quickly. 

The night of my first day at the University I went to bed thinking of him. I remember he was wearing a blue shirt, tucking into pressed chinos. Italian leather shoes and belt. I pictured unbuttoning that shirt slowly. If he had chest hair it would have been sparse, I could have licked his nipples as my hands went to unbuckle his belt. Slipping it out of the trouser loops and letting it drop to the ground, I would kneel, rubbing my face and mouth against his crotch. I bet it smelled good. Clean and masculine. And then ... That was all I needed for my well-used hand and overactive imagination to spew cum all over my bed. 

It was obvious, for now at least, the mood amongst the group was positive. Lorna and Cassie were planning a trip to the Smithsonian Air and Space Museum for our first free weekend; Oscar was a secret history nerd, so insisted on including the Natural History Museum and the monuments. 

A short walk found us in Chinatown, with stomachs rumbling and an overwhelming desire for Chinese food. Some of the tension I was feeling from earlier passed, as we tucked into steaming bowls of noodles and a mountain of Kung Po chicken. 

Lorna was questioning Hugh about his recent breakup from his girlfriend. I had found out about her at the end of my second week. There was a department pub-crawl and Hugh had bought along this stick insect of a woman. Tall, blonde, and highly polished, I developed an instant dislike. She spent the evening trying to turn the conversation onto her English degree, not getting any of the, admittedly nerdy, jokes, and whining whenever Hugh's attention drifted from her for more than a millisecond. 

I hadn't known they'd broken up though, so the conversation immediately made my ears prick up. It was the experiment, he explained. She had wanted them to go to Paris for a holiday and when he told her no, his work came first; she'd had a massive fit and ended the relationship. Apparently they'd met through friends of his parents and they'd been more upset than he was. 

Learning Hugh was straight and had a girlfriend, although confirming my fantasies as just that, did nothing to quell my lust for him. Hearing that he was now single sent my daydreams into overdrive. The rest of the meal, although, delicious, was now merely a distraction from the dirty thoughts in my head. 

The next morning was an early start. The facility was a short walk from the hotel, but we had to have safety briefs, inductions and get site passes before we were allowed anywhere near the equipment. The staff were all accommodating and down-to-earth. I was feeling nervous about being the new kid, but our liaison, Harriet, was keen to reassure me. She explained that they worked long hours here and it could be a really intense environment, but as long as I asked for help when I needed I should be just fine. 

The morning was spent laying out the plans for the next six weeks. We were all assigned roles in the experimental areas, laser diagnostics to look after. Having just spent a month reading up on these things, I finally felt I could contribute. 

The experimental area was huge, a cavern full of mirrors and metal structures that dwarfed my 5' 8'' frame. 

The second day into the experiment, we were busy attaching diagnostics to the target chamber, an 8' metal sphere covered in holes to bolt various bits of equipment to. I was struggling to reach a screw above me, when I felt someone pressing into my back. The scent was enough to let me know it was Hugh. 

He wore aftershave, a hint of vanilla. It was subtle but mouthwatering. One hand rested on my shoulder as the other reached up to take the spanner from me, turning the screw as I held it. His muscles worked back and forward, inches from my face. The heat was building between us. Thank goodness the coveralls were baggy enough to hide the erection I instantly developed. 

As he tensed to tighten off the screw, his crotch ground into my lower back. I all but moaned at the contact. He pulled away and I muttered a sheepish 'thanks'. I hadn't looked at him throughout the exchange, for fear of revealing my secret crush. 

Spirits were high after the first few days, preparations were going well and none of us had succumbed to jet lag. I found Cassie and Lorna really easy to talk to. Oscar was a bit of a mystery, full of contradictions. One minute he would be talking about some techy computer package and the next emoting over the art exhibitions we explored that first weekend. 

Somehow we weren't sick of each other after a week spent in the facility, and time past pleasantly exploring the highlights of Washington D.C. Hugh, having been there before, acted as tour guide, his charismatic nature dodging any possible tensions in the group. When he was looking away I'd just stare at his perfect features. 

Sunday evening, lying in bed, I realized how I was fawning over him, hanging on every word. Lust was turning to obsession, as I couldn't get him out of my mind. Mere feet away on the other side of the wall, stretched out on the bed, no doubt in only his boxer shorts, his hand wondering over taut abdominals and down, past the elastic waistband, into a thick bush of pubic hair. 

Grasping hold of his penis as it filled, slowing building a repetitive motion up and down, stroking himself to climax, one finger dipping into the slit, coated in precum, and passing to his mouth where he seductively licks it off. 

Ahhh, my fantasies were getting shorter and it was taking less and less for me to work myself to orgasm. I took a handful of tissues and wiped off the cum, before falling into a satisfied sleep. 

Monday morning and an early start at the laboratory. We all got our assignments for the morning. Most of the setup was complete and we were nearly ready to start firing the laser and collecting data. Once things really got going I would be consigned to the darkroom, developing the film that captured our data images. 

I crept into the darkroom atrium and turned the switch on the wall, cutting the fluorescent bulb above me and plunging the inner room into red light. It took a few minutes to adjust to the semi-darkness. It was peaceful and I was glad to be alone. I had watched Hugh flirt his way through the more attractive female technicians that morning. Greasing the wheels, he told me. I felt sick to my stomach. 

Everything was set up ready to start processing the film. A knock on the door announced Cassie's arrival. The first laser shot had been fired successfully and she had a stack of film plates in a lightproof box ready for me to develop. She skulked out of the room again, careful not to let any natural light into my tomb as I got to work. 

The reality of the experiment was a stark contrast to the hype of the facility and the groundbreaking nature of the work. I imagined the others sitting around laughing and joking in the control room. I, on the other hand, trapped in a 12 by 12' room all alone for hours on end. They told me the new guy always ended up with this job and they showed no sympathy, as they had all been through it in previous campaigns. 

I stepped outside at lunchtime, dazzled by the pathetic Autumn sun. We left together for the canteen, as they grilled me on the content of the images I'd processed thus far. I couldn't really get to grips with the big picture. There were lots of digital images and readouts from other diagnostics. It would probably take months after returning from the experiment to analyze it all and get a coherent result. 

Hugh seemed pleased, not that I was much for noticing anyone else. On our walk back after lunch he came up beside me, placed his arm over my shoulder and thanked me for doing the grunt work in the dark room. I asked him if he could check I was doing everything correctly that afternoon. Watch me a few times, to make sure I wasn't making any stupid mistakes. I know, it was a shameless grab for his attention, but I was still fuming from having to witness his flirtations. 

Once he'd giving the team instructions for the next few laser shots, he followed me into the darkroom atrium. Closing the outer door behind him, we stood in pitch black for a moment. 

He reached a hand out with an innocent 'oh there you are' as it found my hip. My breath caught in my throat. I opened the second door and moved away from his touch, relieved that the red light would disguise the matching color of my face. 

I talked him through the procedure I had taken, taking his lack of interruptions as a good sign. I was pretty confident in what I was doing, so would have been surprised if he spoke up. 

I reached to hang up a piece of film to dry and trembled as his hand ghosted mine, nearly dropping the image into the drip tray. His other hand found my waist and encouraged me to turn. My lower back pressed against the table, pinned by his strong body over mine. I saw his eyes, wide open in the gloom, close moments before his lips descended. 

I was in heaven feeling the strength of that kiss. His tongue pried my willing lips apart, licking along my teeth and upper gums, tasting me before I opened up to him. A hum became a moan in my throat, travelling between us. 'So good.' 

This was urgent and passionate and I willed him to feel it too. My hands moved from my sides to the back of his shirt, pulling it out of his trousers and crawling up his bare back, relishing the fine hairs and strong muscle. I pushed him back from the torso, careful to keep my crotch and now aching hardness against his, allowing me to unbutton his shirt and let it fall to the ground. My t-shirt was removed just as quickly, the darkness of the room compensating for my insecurities. 

'I want you in so many ways.' Arms now holding firmly round each other, our lips met again. The second kiss raw and clumsy. My hands travelled down his back, skimming the top of his arse within those tight jeans. Edging them round I found the area where his hip met his groin and tangled the fingers of my left hand into his abundant pubes, as the other hand grazed his arse further. 

He stepped back, I whimpered. 'Hush, I've just got to ...' He unzipped his fly to allow me room to play. My hand returned instantly, but this time with space to maneuver around his growing cock. It was hot as my hand touched the smooth shaft, finger barely touching thumb as I wrapped my hand around it. 

A few strokes and I had waited long enough. No more flirting with anyone but me. I dropped to my knees, barely making out the glistening cock head in the shadows. I held firm with my left hand as my tongue licked the tip. I tasted him immediately, salty and gelatinous. My tongue worked under his foreskin, 'yeah just like that,' and delved into the slit. 

Salivating to ease the way I took him deep into my mouth, stroking tightly as I pulled away. Back and forth as his hands found my head, nails digging into my scalp in ecstasy. 

I moved and sucked and pulled and clamped until my cheeks strained with effort around his girth. My right hand had found its way into my jeans and I stroked in time with my movements on Hugh's cock. 'Hmm, hmmm, hmmm.' 

'Close.' I felt the tension in his balls beneath my hand. He seemed to grow an extra inch and I fought the gag long enough to capture his spasms. Cum spurting in my mouth joined the puddle released into my hand. Best. Orgasm. Ever.

Damn knock on the door ruined the after glow I was relishing. Hugh took my hand to help me to my feet. He was smiling but not saying a word. I wiped my hand on a paper towel, his cum safety swallowed, before picking up our discarded shirts. We grinned at each other as we dressed and he straightened out my disheveled hair. 

'It smells of jizz in here.' Never were more romantic words whispered. He was right though. We couldn't let whoever was out there come in. He went to deal with the unwelcome guest and I opened the lid on the developing fluid, effectively drowning out all other smells. 

It turned out one of the laser capacitor banks had blown. An unexpected but fairly common occurrence, the Harriet told us. It would take two, maybe three days to replace. 

Hugh reassured Lorna that this really was nothing to worry about. She was, I had come to realize, particularly on edge about the experiment, as her thesis depended on the data we went home with. Hugh already had other experiments written up and had published papers, so the pressure was off. 

There was nothing more we could do at the facility, but seeing as it was already late afternoon, we chose to return to the hotel and rest for a few hours, heading into the city later on. 

I glanced behind me to catch Oscar, Cassie and Lorna retreat into their rooms. Hugh at my side, I motioned for him to join me. My room had been made up, thank god. My clothes returned to the wardrobe and the towels extracted from the floor where I left them. I made a mental note to increase my tip to the cleaning staff the next day. 

Hugh sat on the end of my bed. 'What do you feel like doing now?' was enough of invitation to see me pounce on his lap, pushing him back onto the fresh linen. 

My jeans were too tight to effectively straddle his hips, so I ended up grinding my crotch into him as we kissed. Our lips collided, nibbled and waged war, his powerful hands accentuating every plough of his tongue with an eager arse grab. 'I'm so ready for you.' He responded to my plea by kneading my cheeks, lifting his head to nuzzle and chew on my ear. 

He flipped me over with ease and legs now either side of mine, lifted up, separating our bodies. 'You're mine.' His shirt was gone and I made light work of my own, kicking off my shoes and somehow managing to remove my socks with them. He stood away and unzipped his jeans. Pulling off his boxers simultaneously, I saw him naked in the light. Drop dead gorgeous, dark, thick hair on his chest matching his curly pubes. He was strong, but not in the overdone, veiny way. 

I slipped out of my jeans, to a lust filled stare, my mind suddenly barraged with a thousand 'why me's?' 

'Have you got any stuff?' Shit, do I? Yes, of course. Thank god for my sister. Not your typical thought at a time like that, but as a sexual health care worker she had long ago drummed into me the importance of being prepared. So despite many years of not actually needing to them, I kept a stash of condoms in my toiletry bag. I jumped up and retrieved one from the bathroom; along with the bottle of lube I'd been draining with my Hugh-based fantasies. 

'Have you done this before?' No. 'Yes.' Why lie. 'Actually, no'. 'Me neither, with a guy I mean.' So he was a virgin to guy stuff. I'd fooled around at university with a few men, nothing serious and not proper sex. 

'We'll take it slow.' How was it that I needed to reassure him at this point? We both knew whose cock was going up whose arse, but suddenly this strong, confident alpha male was scared. I could see it in his eyes. I beckoned him back towards the bed, snuggling under the covers and inviting him to join me. 

Our naked bodies lay flush against each other, one arm awkwardly folded by our heads and one draped over each other's body. A tentative peck turned into a kiss as the sudden coyness melted away. His lips and teeth returned to my ear and I hooked my leg around his thigh, pulling our crotches together. His cock nudged my balls and I groaned. 

As he rolled onto his back I rested against his side, lifting my legs apart to allow his long cock to nestle under my balls. I squeezed my thighs to rub his length, my own now leaking precum onto his stomach. 

'I want you.' The thought was shared and spoken by one of us. I moved up his body, my unencumbered legs now able to effectively straddle Hugh's stomach. I reached for the lube but he took the bottle before I could squeeze any out. Emptying a splotch onto his first and second fingers, he brought them to my crack, rubbed gently over my opening, instinctively found. 
