 After growing up in a relatively conservative community, it was no surprise, looking back, that I was a little sexually repressed. Despite thinking about sex and jacking off all the time, I had relatively few opportunities to talk about sex with friends, let alone mess around!

This was just before the Internet exploded (what I wouldn't have given to have had the web as a horny teenager!), but I'd managed to amass a handful of Hustlers and other porn mags to beat off with.

By the time I got to college, I'd had one intimate girlfriend. We had a lot of oral sex together, but never fucked. I loved eating her red-haired pussy and even licking her asshole

Then I met Alex, my freshman roommate in college. He was open about sex in a way that was exciting, but a little intimidating. We got to be friends pretty quickly.

Almost every night, we'd end up talking late into the night about girls and sex. 

It started by discussing the girls in the hall, and what it would be like to eat out this one or what that one would be like in bed or whether the rumors about another one taking it in the ass were true.

Not many nights into what had become our routine, he asked whether I jacked off. I had never talked to anyone about it before.

He sensed that I was hesitant and started sharing right away that he was almost a chronic masturbator. He'd do it when I was at class, and in the communal bathroom or shower if he was alone, and even in bed at night when I was asleep.

Emboldened by his admissions, I admitted to it as well, although I still played down the frequency with which I did it.

This line of conversation got me horny, and it continued for several nights in a row. We discussed lubes (he liked lotions, I didn't use anything), where we shot (we both used kleenex, the toilet, and the shower, but he admitted to unloading on his stomach and shooting up his chest), and other techniques.

He asked me if I ever tasted my cum (I had, but I didn't admit it), and then told me that he could get his feet behind his head and could lick the head of his dick. He did it occasionally when he was really horny.

I thought it sounded gay and crazy hot at the same time. I rubbed my dick thinking about him doing it.

We were both worked up enough by that story he asked if I felt like beating off. I did, of course. We left the lights off and covers over ourselves because the stigma of being gay was hanging over both our heads.

We were both so horny that we came quickly. It was hot to know that he was right across the room doing the same thing I was and I fell asleep fast. This quickly became the routine after our sex talks every night.

After jacking our cocks for a few nights, he was ready to up the ante. I wasn't going to make the move, but I was glad that he did.

After the usual pussy chat, we got ready to stroke, and he casually mentioned that he was horny enough to do anything I felt like. I knew what I wanted to do, but felt really nervous about saying it, so I echoed that I was pretty horny, too.

"Come over here," he said, and I climbed out of my bed and went over to his. My heart was beating like crazy and my cock was rock hard as I got in under his covers.

"I want to try something," he said, and he leaned over and kissed me. I was so horny that I couldn't help but be into it. Our tongues were in each other's mouths but we still hesitated at holding each other.

After maybe two minutes of hot making out, we stopped to catch our breath.

"Fuck," he said, "I am so horny right now."

"Me, too," I replied, "let's jack off."

We laid down on our backs, pulled down our boxers under the covers, and started to stroke.

"Let's do each other," he whispered to me, out of breath. Between my horniness and shock, I couldn't respond with much more than, "OK."

He grabbed his lube and put some in each of our hands. Tentatively, then we reached for each others' dicks.

My hand landed on his hairy thigh first. It was strange to be touching another guy's body like this, but I rubbed around to find his cock.

He had his hand around mine first. "It's big," he said. I'd never really thought about it before. I found his cock with my hand; it was skinnier than mine and not as easy to jack.

We beat each other, lubed up with the lotion. It felt good for him to jack my dick, but the idea of another guy rubbing my cock while I stroked his was what really put me over the edge.

He jacked me right over the top and I shot a huge load all over his hand while I pumped his dick faster and faster. His orgasm wasn't long behind mine, and his cum was hot and wet over my fingers. The whole room smelled like semen.

Off of our high after ejaculating, we grabbed some tissues and wiped up. I went back to bed and to sleep without saying anything else.

I was a little bit freaked out in the morning. I left the room early, feeling conflicted about my having enjoyed jacking off with another guy. That didn't keep me from beating off in the bathroom thinking about it, though. Wow. What an experience.

I avoided the room all day. Alex didn't make any effort to talk to me either; maybe he felt the same way. It was on my mind, good and bad, all day. I jacked off twice more, both times thinking about holding his cock, but also about what it would feel and taste like to suck on it.

Would he suck mine, too? Would we 69? The idea got me totally hot even though I had no idea how to ask. Would he be freaked out too? Would he accuse me of being gay if I asked him to try more?

At bedtime, there was no way around being in the room together. We got ready for bed like we always did and didn't say more than "hi" before we were in bed with the lights off. Once it was dark, it was easier.

"Dude, you OK?" he asked me.

"Yeah," I responded.

"Everything's cool?"

"Sure," I said. My heart was beating with some combination of fear and lust. I wasn't ready to be gay, but I couldn't deny that the idea of our experience and the prospect of more really got me going.

I took a chance and said, "I liked it." He knew what I was referring to.

He seemed to exhale relievedly and said, "Dude, me too. I had such an awesome cum. You want to know something? I came again today and I imagined that you were stroking me off again."

I laughed a little, "I did it too! Twice!" 

He laughed, too, "Damn, man. I'm getting hard again right now thinking about it."

I felt braver now, "Fuck, dude, I've been hard all day."

"Do you want to jack off?" he asked.

"Like last night?" I asked hesitantly, already anxious to push back my covers.

"Yeah," he said, and he pushed back his blanket to let me in.

I reached for his dick as soon as I laid down. He was reaching for the lube. Feeling his hard, thick cock through his underwear was sexy.

"Are you still in a do anything mood?" I asked him, surprised at my eagerness.

"Yeah, dude," he said.

"No lube, then. Let me try something in a minute." I think he knew what was coming, but I still couldn't say it.

We pulled down our underwear and reached for each others' cocks. We were both hard.

This time while we stroked, I leaned in and we kissed again. It got us both really hot to make out while we stroked. This time, our other hands we feeling each other's faces and chests.

I pulled away from him, "Hang on," I said.

I pushed his hand off my cock and moved down between his legs. I could smell his musky dick as I got close. I licked the tip a little. It was moist, salty, and sexy, and I sucked him into my mouth.

I couldn't believe I was doing this, and even less that I was so into it! I sucked his dick in and out and he was bucking into my mouth.

"Stop for a second," he said, panting, "let me do you, too."

We pushed off our boxers altogether, and I turned around so my cock was in his face. I watched him lick and suck it a little before I closed my eyes and went back to work sucking his.

We weren't going to last long at all. I was running my hands through his pubic hair, over his balls, and over his hairy ass. I pulled his dick into my mouth and tried to get it in deep. He was feeling me up while he sucked on mine.

He came first, and, wow, I loved the feeling of his cum shooting into my mouth. It tasted sexy, and I swallowed it, and then continued to suck slowly on his wet dick.

My cum came a moment later. He reacted loudly, "Mmmmm," he moaned onto my cock. He ate my load and we stroked and sucked each other a little while we came down.

I turned back around so I was back alongside him. I didn't know what to say.

"That was hot," he said, sounding tired. I could smell my cum and the musk of my cock on his breath.

"Yeah," was all I could reply, but I leaned in and we kissed, tasting our sex on our tongues, before falling asleep in bed together.