 What happens in this story is true. Only some names have been changed. Enjoy. See the bottom for my contact details. :)

_____________________________

I was 22 and at the time did not have a girlfriend. I had a habit of jerking off at least once a day if not more. Starting masturbation at an early age made me bored by "normal" porn star videos. Leading me to amateur porn. Soon that became boring and I was experimenting with everything. Only the kinkiest stuff would work for me. Then I found some of these webcamming sites and was amazed how willing girls would be to strip naked. I made friends with a girl who was a few years older than me and a few states away named Lauren. She had no boyfriend at the time and loved to show off her curvy body with her perfectly shaped tits and her round juicy ass. We would talk about sex all the time, share videos, and get naked and masturbate for each other. At the time it was the kinkiest thing I could possibly dream of.

After carrying on like that for many months she finally found a boyfriend. I was excited for her but also worried that we wouldn't be able to continue on how we were and I would have to go back to a strict diet of normal porn. Thankfully her finding a boyfriend was actually a good thing. They would fuck on cam and do all sorts of things. She was a lucky girl, her new boy toy was packing a big one. At least 7 inches and pretty thick and a athletic body to go with it. This didn't last long however. They began to have problems not too far in and it dramatically cut down in times I could see her naked. Going back to porn solo wasn't too fun. I experimented with some new things and became a big fan of shemale videos. Especially the ones with the huge cocks.

After watching these for so long I was obsessed with cocks. Finding the biggest best looking cocks was a treat and opened up a new world of porn to me. This got me thinking of something Lauren mentioned a few times. That she loved to see male on male action. Mostly boys kissing and a few times asked me to bring a guy friend over. Nothing came of it but it got me thinking. To get back her attention and reignite our internet fuck sessions I would admit my love for penis. So one day I came right out and said it. "I think I might be into guys" she was more excited than I expected. Encouraging me to try it out and telling me how to go down on a guy and handle a penis. And I knew first hand she was a pro at that.

We swapped shemale and gay porn as well as some pictures of penises. And I was seeing her naked again which seemed not as exciting as the possibility of really being with a man. After a while she called me out on not being with a guy after talking almost nonstop about cock. She was right, my favorite topic was cock and also I haven't been with a man.

It could of been peer pressure but more likely my desire to suck another man's penis but I went looking for a potential fuck buddy. Still not ready to be out of the closet I wanted to keep quiet. Visiting a number of gay chat sites I tried to find a guy around my age that lived close enough to meet up with. Sooner than I'd hoped I met Josh on this site called Literotica. He lived closer than I'd hoped as well. He was 2 years older than me, making him 24, and was very sweet. We talked for weeks and he knew most of the details to my situation and was happy to help. Most importantly he was hot. A swimmers body with one of the best looking cocks I had ever seen, no lie. 8 inches, thick, veiny and hairless. It made my mouth water every time. After talking and caming for over a month it was time to meet.

We set a date. We would meet in the evening, in the parking lot of a popular restaurant. If the vibes were right I would follow him back to his apartment. Lauren and I talked like mad before then. She was excited to possibly see two attractive boys she knew get it on and I was excited to hear all her blow job tips and even more useful how to take a cock in your ass, a thing I've seen her do on multiple occasions.

It was the night. I was a lot more nervous than I had expected. I had taken a shower right before but was now sweating like mad having shown up first to the parking lot. 15 minutes later or what felt like an eternity, Josh finally pulled up. We both got out and he apologized for being late then we hugged. Instantly I got hard and he could tell.

"so it looks like you'll be wanted to head back to my place soon then?" he grinned as he looked down at the bump in my jeans.

I agreed and he told me his place was not too far and to just follow him. Upon getting to Josh's apartment he offered me some beer which I eagerly took hoping it would help with the nervousness. We talked for a brief time and then Josh suggested we watch a video. I was 2 beers in at that time and promptly agreed. Turning the lights down and handing me a third beer he put in a DVD that I quickly realized was a bisexual porn featuring two well endowed men and a skinny goth looking girl. As the action picked up so did the boner in my pants. I could see Josh stroking himself over his sweatpants.

"Mind if I take my pants off Bryan" he asked with a grin.

Even in the current situation he shocked me. I paused for a second and nodded my head. Not looking away I saw him pick his ass up from the couch and slide his pants and underwear off in one swift motion. Bringing his ass back down to the couch made his thick, 8 inch cock slap against his stomach. It looked even bigger in person I thought. This made my own cock throb.

Looking back to the TV I could see one of the men and the skinny goth girl on their knees sucking on the other mans cock. Which now looked small compared to the real life monster I had less than two feet away. After taking another gulp of beer I decided to take my own pants off. Seeing how I didn't think Josh would mind, I pulled my jeans to my ankles letting my 7 inches rest on my stomach. Lightly stroking between switching from watching the porn back to watching Josh play with his own cock. I soon felt a hand on my balls. I tingled all over as Josh began to move his finger tips from my balls up my shaft. I let him take over as I sighed with pleasure.

He shifted a bit closer as I kicked my pants completely off. Our thighs now touching, my left hand now rested between them as he continued to play with my rock hard erection. Josh was making me sweat again as he teased my throbbing cock. With some help from the earlier beers I got the courage to reach over and wrap my hand around Josh's cock. Even better than I had imagined, I started to gently stroke him.

Unfortunately this didn't last long, he released my penis and started to stand up. He stood in front of me for a brief moment. His thick cock and his large hanging balls at my eye level for just a moment before he sank to his knees. I was in heaven. Some how completely different than my first blow job from a girl and three times as good, Josh now had the head of my cock in his mouth. I just tilted my head back and enjoyed. Josh was a pro. He said he had been sucking cock since middle school and it showed. It almost felt like there were two men down there that's how amazing it was.

He deep throated my 7 inches like a porn star as he massaged my balls. I couldn't take much more and told Josh I was about to cum. He didn't take my cock out of his mouth for a second but moaned a simple "ok" sending vibrations through my cock. A few moments later I was moaning my self and louder than I ever had before. I was cumming what felt like buckets down Josh's throat. And he swallowed every drop. After sucking the last drops out of my dick and licking the rest clean he popped back up on the couch next to me, still stroking my now limp dick in one hand. He came very close to my face and asked "how was it?" I had no words and was only able to moan and smile and as I did he started to kiss me, diving his tongue into my mouth. I was thinking 3 things. "I never kissed a man before", "do I taste my cum?" and "if Lauren saw this she would freak out".

All answers to those thoughts were yes. The first time kissing a man was more enjoyable than I thought. That was my cum, and I have to say it tasted good and Lauren did freak out once I told her.

We did a lot more that night but I'll save it for next time.



Thanks for reading there is a lot more to this story and my continuing gay adventures. If you enjoyed and would like to hear more please email me through the link below. I would love feedback of any kind, or just to say hello ;)