 I was laying naked on Josh's bed. I was still recovering after having half his huge cock in me. Josh had gotten up, still nude, to go to the kitchen for drinks.

"Hey, it looks like your friend messaged you." Josh called back into the bedroom.

It was Lauren my female-internet-fuck-buddy. I had messaged her earlier to watch us fuck on cam but she wasn't around. I sprinted to the living room to get to the laptop. Lauren had sent a ton of messages most consisting of "hello? you there? are you two still boning?" I laughed knowing she had missed a pretty great show.

(I don't have the exact transcript from this chat but from memory it went basically like this)

Me: Hey I just lost my anal cherry!

Lauren: omg! you didn't wait for me?

Me: Sorry you were taking too long and we were too horny lol

Lauren: are you still at his house?

Me: yeah we just finished, were still naked!

Me: Do you want to talk to him?

Lauren: fuck yes I do!

I called Josh over after he returned from the kitchen with the beers. I left him with Lauren to talk. I moved to the couch not too far away. My ass was hurting from Josh's cock so I laid on my side and killed some time on my phone.

About 10 minutes later Josh called me to look at the two pictures Lauren had sent him. One of her tits looking just as round and soft as I remembered. The other was her boyfriend's cock. A picture I hadn't seen that made it look really delicious. 

"This guy has a nice cock. You said you never fucked her or the boyfriend?" Josh asked intently 

"No, we only cam online" I replied, disappointed

"We should invite them over, they are hot!" Josh quickly replied

"That would be hot but they live far away." I replied as he went back to chatting with Lauren.

They had been chatting for a while and Josh was fairly quiet. I looked over to him to see that his cock was again getting hard and he was massaging his balls. This instantly got me salivating, craving his cock again in my mouth. I walked over to him. Leaning over his shoulder to look at the chat, I grabbed his cock at the same time. 

"I have to go to the bathroom, but when I get back can I suck your cock?" I asked in a playful manner

"Mmm, yeah you can" He moaned, placing his hand over mine placed on his shaft.

When I came back from the bathroom I saw Lauren's face on the screen. Josh must have told her I was going to blow him and she jumped at the chance to see. Josh's cock was in the lower left, still not fully erect. 

"Bryan is back." Josh said to the computer after hearing me come back out.

I walked over and knelt down between his legs. I looked over at the computer to see my face inches from Josh's cock. Lauren was on the other end, giddy from excitement. 

"Oh my god, this is so hot" Lauren moaned over the computer speakers

Deciding to give her a show I dramatically licked all over Josh's growing cock. 

"Suck his balls" Lauren demanded 

"Get naked bitch" I joked back, still lightly sucking on the head waiting for her response.

When I saw her begin to remove her shirt and bra I buried my face down in Josh's balls, doing as Lauren asked. Taking both cum filled balls in my mouth I continued to suck all over them. I heard Lauren moan through the speakers. Hearing her and being on cam for her was really getting my own dick hard. 

I popped his balls out of my mouth and started to lick the underside of his cock, flicking my tongue all the way up. I heard Lauren moan again but I was too distracted by the big fully erect cock staring me in the face to look. Instead I popped the head in my mouth and began to suck. Bobbing my head up and down only taking it out to tease the tip with my tongue. I continued this, my hand softly massaging his balls.

"Bryan, Lauren wants me to fuck you again" Josh moaned.

Popping the head out of my mouth I whined back, "I can't, my ass is still sore from the last fucking you gave me"

"Oh please!" Lauren moaned over the speakers

"How about after I cum Bryan can fuck me again" Josh suggested

I started to suck his cock again with more enthusiasm with the thought of his cum soon to be in my mouth.

"That won't be as fun, but ok" Lauren giggled

I started to jerk off Josh's hard meat as I sucked and licked the head of his cock. I could feel him tensing up and I knew he was about to cum. I knew I wouldn't be able to take the load right in my mouth having tried it the first time. So I pulled my head off moments before I thought he would blow and I rapidly jerked him off with both hands. His pulsing cock aimed toward my face I was a bit nervous now having to wait for his juice to come shooting at me. Before I could think much more Josh was moaning loud and strings of hot cum shot on to my face and open mouth. 

"Holy shit!" Lauren said in a surprised and satisfied way

I was loving being in such a slutty position. Now two people staring at my cum covered face. I began to lick up some around my lips, I was loving the taste.

"Wow Bryan, I think I covered your whole face" Josh laughed after recovering from his orgasm.

"Let me see!" Lauren squealed

We adjusted the camera and I got up to sit on Josh's lap. I felt his big cock soften up as I sat there. I put my face close to the cam so Lauren could see all the juice Josh had given me. At this point she was completely naked and even had her vibrator out. 

"Fuck Bryan, that's so hot", she moaned casually stimulating herself. "Are you going to fuck him now?" she pleaded.

"He has to clean up first" Josh teased. Signaling me to swallow all the delicious goo he gave me.

I started to scrape most off my face and in to my mouth. I loved the taste and loved to be thought of as a slut. Josh turned my face and kissed me deep, taking back some of his cum. We got up and took the laptop back to the bedroom with us so I could now fuck Josh for Lauren.

_________________________________________

I have more real stories if anyone is interested :)