 Josh had just splattered my face with hot cum. My friend Lauren was watching it all happen on webcam. I always got off on her watching me. It's pretty safe to say I'm a sex addict. Everyone likes sex, but for me it's on another level. I've never been hooked on any drug but I imagine the sexual highs I get are about as satisfying as a junkie shooting up.

My sexual interests have always kept increasing. I think I enjoy the thrill of getting caught or doing the forbidden. That's why I began to suck cock. Am I gay? Not completely, doing something dirty with a girl can give me that same rush. But men, they are the ultimate taboo. That's what attracted me to cock and now I am in love. At this point in the story I am a newbie but I have learned to worship cocks.

A thick, hard, long cock turns me on like nothing else. I have learned my tastes. Despite still being attracted to women I have came to crave the attention of men. To please a man in anyway he would like. To be dominated by them.

For now though, I am scraping a delicious load off my face and swallowing it down my willing throat...

Me and Josh decided to fuck out in the living room instead of going to the bedroom again. Josh needed to use the bathroom first so I sat on the couch talking to Lauren. I was stroking my hard cock, keeping it ready for Josh's ass to return. Lauren was naked and looks really great. I couldn't help hoping her boyfriend would get home and show off his fat cock.

Lauren and I didn't have too much time to chat before Josh came back. Josh moved on to the couch going doggy style putting his ass in my face. 

"Eat my ass Bryan". He said seductively.

I wasn't too sure about it at first but Lauren egged me on so I went for it. Spreading his hairless cheeks at first rubbing his hole. It didn't smell so I went in closer. I stuck my tongue out and started to lightly lick just far enough from his cherry.

"Come on twink eat my ass!". Josh moaned.

I wasn't too excited at first but being talked down to an commanded really turned me on. I really started to get in there. Using most of my tongue. I was doing circles around his hole when Josh started to grind is ass back into my face.

"Wow", I thought. I'm really a slut, I'm eating out a man's asshole and I'm loving it.

I didn't care, I kept licking. Making my tongue do a hundred different moves, poking my tongue in to tease what was coming. I was about to fuck him but before I did I went a little lower and took his balls all in my mouth. I gave them a good tongue bath before taking his limp dick in my mouth. I loved the way a soft cock feels in my mouth but Josh wanted my cock in his ass.

Lauren was still masturbating to the great show she was getting. I now positioned my cock at the entrance to Josh's wet hole.

The head of my cock was now pressed against Josh's asshole. Even though my ass was still a bit sore from the pounding Josh gave me, I wished I was in his position. My cock was rock hard though so I slipped it in, Josh moaned until I was balls deep.

"You like that?" I said in a sexy tone.

"Fuck me twink." Josh moaned back.

I pulled out half way and began to steadily fuck his ass. I was starting to love ass more than I had pussy. I also started to love being fucked more than fucking.

I fucked Josh hard until I busted in his ass. Lauren enjoyed the show and made herself cum multiple times that night. She begged us to do more stuff but it was time for me to head home for the night.

Josh and I continued to fuck regularly. My ass was getting used to his 8 inch cock and he said I was improving my blowjob skills every time. This was going on for a few weeks and I was now Josh's #1 go-to booty call. Josh had explained that our relationship was only sexual seeing as he had other partners. I agreed. It made me feel even sluttier knowing I was just another fuck toy.

I loved sucking Josh's big thick cock but I wanted more. I thought an older man would be a big thrill. Josh was a few years older but I was looking for a man in his 40s. I don't know why but the idea of a dominant older man really turned me on. I began looking on a dating site for older gay men. I sent out a bunch of private messages and got quite a few hits back. I had some fun chatting and swapping dirty pics with some of the men but one really had my interest. He was 38, single, gay and really hot.

We talked for a while about all our dirty thoughts. I got to see his sexy, masculine body and long thick cock. He was perfect.

We decided to meet at his house one afternoon. The day we scheduled the meet up I was so excited I forgot I was supposed to meet Josh for a usual fucking. I decided not to tell him for the moment, waiting to see how things went. I did make him fuck me extra long though, I wanted to be ready for the next day when I meet the older man, Mark.

____________________________________

To be continued.