 Being a married man who recently has been exposed to the forbidden pleasures of man to man love has proven to be a very difficult thing for me. I've tried so hard not to think about giving into the temptations that engulf my seemingly perverted mind but the more I try to resist the more I find my mind wondering to cock fun. I find myself wondering what it would be like to give further into my temptations. What would it be like to explore more?

For the first time in my life I found myself delving into the exciting world of looking at gay porn, getting turned on by it, getting rock hard to it and better still pleasuring myself to it. I found myself becoming totally obsessed with what was two months ago totally taboo and unthinkable for me. It all started with an unexpected encounter on a beach which is in a previous story but has now turned into an obsession. This is the story of my first bath house experience.

I had read about bath houses and all the forbidden pleasures that can be found in them. A simple squirt search told me of a 5 star venue called hothouse in my area. I tried to resist going there. I felt guilty every time my mind wondered to what might go on behind those mysterious alluring walls. The more I tried to resist the more I thought about it. Twice I just drove there and sat outside before chickening out and leaving. I resound myself to the fact that I was going to give in to my temptations when I even bought myself a cock ring to look more sexy for when I eventually did get the guts to pay my first visit. Just trying it on turned me on, the heavy weight around my nuts felt awesome and it looked good to.

My wife went away one weekend to visit family and I knew it was now or never. As much as I tried not to my BMW found itself sitting outside Hot House. It was now or never and when I locked the car door I knew my mind was already made up. I nervously walked in not quite sure what to expect. I was handed a towel and a locker key and shown where to change.

Half scared but very excited I began to disrobe not quite sure what I was meant to do or what the expected thing to do was .I decided on taking all of my clothes off and covering myself with the white towel I'd been given until I could properly establish the correct protocol for the bath house.

I noticed about five other guys all staring at me as I changed. My nerves must have shown me to be a complete newbie because they all looked unashamedly at me like cats ready to pounce at the fresh meat staring at them. Watching them stare at me further intensified my joint feelings of both fear and excitement. I nearly left but for some weird reason I couldn't, I knew deep down I wanted to be here. I craved relief and somehow I knew it wouldn't take long to get what I was looking for.

I wondered through the up market bath house exploring all my options. This place was completely out of control as I walked into the outdoor deck area I couldn't believe what I was seeing. In the Jacuzzi there were two hot muscular guys going at it not caring about the growing audience of around twenty guys who were watching them. My cock stirred to attention pitching a tent through my towel as I watched the muscular blond young boy in front of me engulf the other boy's massive erect organ. He took it completely in his mouth as he bopped up and down on it sucking it like it was a lollipop. The guy getting blown was making soft moaning noises as he played with the guy's hair sucking him off. Around the Jacuzzi some of the viewers were jerking themselves off not caring if anybody was watching. My cock was rock hard as I watched, I could feel the metal of my cock ring tighten almost choking my cock the harder I got. I felt a hand take my hand. Come with me he whispered .He was older than me around 45 if I had to guess, as I followed him I looked him over. He was bald with lovely blue eyes .His body was firm and tanned and for some strange reason I was letting this stranger lead me into the unknown.

His hand felt so warm in mine and I trustfully let him lead me deep into the horny taboo world of Hot House . He took me down a corridor that led to a massive shower and steam room area. He smiled at me as he opened the door for us to enter. As I entered I felt my mystery man pulled on my towel, letting it fall to the ground .I was very aroused and I felt my cock ring choking my nuts I was so excited. He gently sat me down and reached out for my excited hardon and gently started stroking it. I was so excited I didn't care that there were another three guys in the sauna watching .When he led my hand to his awesome semi hard cock I willingly and hungrily took it in my hand as I started to pump it up and down his shaft. I watched it grow fully hard as he got more excited. I was so turned on and I started moaning loudly as pulled on his excited hungry cock. 

Looking around the other guys in the sauna were jerking themselves off watching our show unfold. This further turned me on as I further let myself go deeper and deeper into this delicious taboo world. My bald headed lover lowered his head on to my wanton cock gently took it in his mouth. It felt awesome to have my first blow job .I was past the point of no return past the point of caring as I got more and more excited started to thrust my cock in and out of my lovers mouth as he hungrily suck my horny r organ. Ahhh I moaned as I watched the three horny men watching all jerking themselves off to our show the sweat from the sauna glistening off their body's. It was all too much for me and I felt my climax coming on fast, nnn I moaned as his cock started pulsating jizz down my lover throat. He took it all in sucking it up like a hungry lion. It was unbelievable almost surreal .My lover then just got up and left without saying a word. I have to admit to feeling guilty at that point for the first time as l was left sitting there with just the voyeurs from our show looking at me and I hastily got up and left. 

I headed for the locker-room, the idea was to get have a shower and leave the guilt still hanging over my head. Little did I know my evening's fun was just starting. As I showered I thought back to what had transpired the, I could see my bald headed hunk sucking me off as the others watched. I couldn't ignore how excited it got me how over the edge I'd let myself go. My cock was twitching to life again as the guilt was disappearing. I headed out the showers to my locker , instead of removing my clothes from it , I placed my towel back in the locker and started walking naked through the bath house to see what other adventures I could find . 

AS I left the shower area I noticed signs pointing towards a maze. Not knowing what this was I followed the signs into this pitch dark room. I couldn't see anything but I could hear the sounds of pleasure coming from within the walls of the room as I got about 6 meters into the room I felt a hand on my leg .I froze as it wondered its way towards my hard cock taking grabbing it as it started to wank me off. Before I knew what was going on my there was another hand from a different person squeezing my bum. I groaned out loud letting myself go in the wild excitement. It didn't take long before I felt lips on my penis and a rock hard cock teasing the entrance to my hole. I tried to feebly to protest but I was too excited to resist too much and I groaned out load as I felt his cock forcing its way into my wanton hole. It was a surreal feeling having one guy suck me off and another guy slowly starts fucking me. I groaned out load as he went faster both my lover working harder and faster as our climaxes approached. I let myself go in wild lust as I bucked back on my one lovers cock while I took my other lover sucked me off. I could feel my orgasm approaching and I groaned out loud in wild passion as I blindly fucked my one lover's mouth while bucking back to take my other lover's cock. I felt it squirt exploding in my willingly wanton bum, this sent me over the edge and I exploded in my other lovers willing mouth. Both my lovers just left without a word. 

My fist bath house visit was awesome. I still felt guilty but knew that it wouldn't be long before I was knocking at the door again.