 Friday after lunch, I called Lana's personal phone and left a message then I called Coach's number. He picked up on the third ring.

"Hi, Coach. I was calling to make sure you were home from your trip and to see if you still wanted me to come over this afternoon." 

"Hello, Gary. I got in late this morning. And yes, why don't you come on over as soon as you can."

Coach was waiting at the side door when I pulled into his driveway. "Come on in, Gary." When we got inside Coach put his arms around me and hugged me. "Have you had a good spring break?" Before I could answer, his lips touched my cheek then my lips. As he kissed me, his tongue slipped between my lips.. We touched tongue tips as I kissed him back. Coach kissed better than some girls I knew. His lips were full like Lana's, but not nearly as soft. "Mmm, that was nice. I missed you, Gary. I wish you could have come with me."

"Where'd you go?"

"I belong to a private club in the southwest.. I think you'd like it. I've got a video from there. Would you like to see it?"

"Uh, I guess. Sure."

"Let me get us some drinks and a snack." Coach got out a plate of fruit and cheese and a couple of bottles of beer. "Beer o.k.?"

"Yes." I followed him into the den. Coach set the plate and bottles on the coffee table in front of the couch. "Have a seat." He pushed a tape cassette into the VCR and turned on the TV. Coach handed me a beer as he sat down beside me. "This is sort of a sales video for the club."

The video opened with a car driving through the gates and up to the front entrance. The camera was used like the viewer's eyes. We were greeted at the door and escorted on a tour of the facilities and grounds. One thing I immediately noticed was there were no women in the video. The tour led through a large fitness center. Many of the men who were working out were nude. Outside around the pool and spa, everyone seemed to be nude. Several people were sunbathing and, over on the far side of the pool it looked as if two men on a chaise lounge were making love.

The camera moved past the pool and a door marked "Play Room" opened. There were cushions and pads scattered across the floor between the overstuffed chairs and couches. There was an odd piece of furniture in the center of the room. It looked like a padded bench but it was waist high. The camera moved across the room past three buffed and naked men engaged in oral sex. One was seated in an overstuffed chair. His cock was being sucked. He was leaning back and vigorously sucking the cock of the guy standing next to the chair.

Coach put his arm around my shoulders. "Obviously, Gary, this is a sex club for gay and bi men." He leaned over and kissed me. "I wish you had been with me." His other hand rubbed my chest..

As we kissed, I began to unbutton Coach's shirt. We continued to kiss as we undressed each other. The video played on. It was a little awkward getting our shoes and pants off. When we were both naked, I slipped my hand into Coach's crotch and found his cock. It grew and filled my hand as we kissed. He found mine too.

"Let's go to the bedroom, Gary." Coach held my hand as we walked through his house. When we got to the bedroom he hugged me again and held our cocks together. "I missed you, Gary."

"I missed you too, Coach."

We lay down on the bed and moved into a side 69. I kissed and licked his smooth cock as he deep throated mine. I watched him for a couple of minutes then I held his shaven balls in my hand and lifted his cock to my lips. I was hungry and swallowed as much of his cock as I could. As I sucked Coach's thick cock, I moved my top leg so he could get to my ass. My ass was as hungry for his cock as my mouth was.

Coach wet a finger and ran it around my asshole. I squeezed my butt cheeks together and flexed my cock in his mouth. He pushed his wet finger into my ass. I sucked hard on his cock. I moaned when he worked a second, then a third finger into my ass. It felt good. I squeezed my sphincter muscle around his probing fingers. I felt my cock slip down Coach's throat then he pulled his head back. His lips slipped the length of my cock until it popped out of his mouth.

"Does this feel good, Gary?" Coach rotated one finger in my ass.

Since his cock filled my mouth, I could only mumble "yes". He pushed his finger deep and touched my prostate gland. Reluctantly, I stopped sucking his cock. "That's going to make me cum."

"We don't want that yet, do we?"

"No, but I want you, Coach."

"And I want you, Gary." He scooted around on the bed until he could open a drawer in the bedside stand. I rolled onto my back as Coach removed a bottle of lubricating lotion from the drawer. He got up on his knees. I watched as he spread lotion the length of his hard cock. I pulled my knees up to my chest and held them there. Coach worked a little lube around my butt hole. Then he inserted the nozzle and I felt the cool slick lube flow into me.

After putting the bottle down, Coach moved close to my ass. I continued to hold my legs up. Coach touched his cockhead against my butt hole. He pushed gently. My asshole opened to receive his cock. I couldn't help but smile as Coach's cock slipped into my ass. When I felt his balls against my butt I sighed, "Gawd, that feels so good."

Coach rotated his hips. My smile became a grin. "Oh! Do more of that!"

Coach laughed. He pulled his cock almost all the way out. "I'm glad you like to fuck."

I laughed as Coach pushed his hard-on deep into me again. " And I especially like to fuck you, Coach."

"I'm glad. And your smile tells me that you enjoy feeling my dick fucking your ass."

Coach set up a steady rhythm. My cock seemed to get harder and harder as Coach filled my ass when he buried his hard cock and then emptied it as he pulled back. He held my legs when he rested. And when he rested I squeezed my muscle ring tightly around his cock shaft.

I'd relax the muscle when Coach filled my ass with his cock then I'd tighten it as he pulled back. Then the procedure was reversed – tighten when he long cocked me and relax when he pulled back. Coach grunted, "Keep that up, Gary, and I'll flood your ass with cum."

As I tightened my sphincter muscle around his cock shaft, I grunted back, "I know. I want you too."

He pushed and pulled his cock in and out of my tight ass until he rose up on his knees and lifted my ass up high, "I'm cumming." I could feel his cock pulse as he jetted a big load deep into my ass. It felt so good that my cock began to spurt and squirt. I shot a stream of cum that splashed on my chest and shoulders and spattered on my face.

Coach groaned, "Oh, no! I wanted that in my ass!"

"I think I can do it again," I grunted.

Coach leaned forward. I put my legs down and, as he lay down on top of me, his cock pulled out of my ass. "Oh, Gary, I so wanted to feel you cum in my ass."

I rubbed his back and shoulders, "I bet if you sucked me, I'd be able to fuck you, but let's rest for a minute."

Coach closed his eyes. I continued to rub his back as I thought, 'This is what a woman would feel, this is what Lana would feel, if I fucked her and then rested.' I wrapped my legs around Coach's legs. I liked feeling his weight on top of me.

After a few minutes, he stirred and pressed his crotch against mine. Coach moved down and I gasped as he picked up my near hard-on and swallowed it. I was hard in seconds, but Coach continued to work me over with his mouth. He alternated between sucking hard on my cockhead and running his tongue over all the sensitive areas.

"Oh shit, Coach! You keep that up and I'm going to cum again."

"Only in my hot, hungry ass!" Coach shifted from sucking my cock to lubricating it with the lotion. He rolled onto his back and pulled his knees to his chest. I reached for the lotion. "Forget the lube. Ram your hard cock into my ass now!"

I picked up the lotion, squeezed a little onto my finger and slipped it into his ass. Coach growled, "I don't want your finger. I want your hard-on."

Getting up on my knees near Coach's ass, I rubbed my cockhead around his asshole. Rather than punch my hard-on up his ass, I pressed gently and slowly pushed my cock deep into his ass. He grunted and smiled as I pressed my balls against his ass.

"I know it's not as nice as your girlfriend's pussy, but my ass is all yours."

I thought to myself, 'I don't even know about Lana's pussy, but, Coach is right, my girlfriend's Mother's pussy is nicer than his ass. And his ass was very nice, from my limited experience.

Coach clamped his sphincter tight around my shaft. "You can fuck my man-cunt at anytime, Gary. I'll suck you cock anytime you wish. I want to be a cocksucking man-cunt whore for you."

"Only if I can be the same for you."

I noticed Coach's cock was leaking pre-cum all over his stomach. I buried my boner deep then wetting my hand with the pre-cum, I began to jack off Coach. Coach closed his eyes. He also began to flex his sphincter muscle. He shot a load onto his stomach and I squirted a long steady stream deep into his ass.

We didn't speak. I pulled my cock out of his as and squeezed the last cum drops onto his nuts. Then I lay down atop him. Coach wrapped his legs and arms around me. He began to kiss me and tickle my ear with his tongue tip.

"Uh, Coach."

"Don't call me Coach anymore," he whispered."

"Uh, Ernie."

"Don't call me that either."

I was wondering what he wanted to be called.

"Call me 'Bubbie'."

"Bubbie?"

"Yes, I've always wanted to be called 'Bubbie' by a Lover."

"Un Coa . ., er, uh, Bubbie, uh, a Lover?"

"Well, close boyfriend, then."

We showered together. Then I dressed and went home. I called Lana's number then got transferred to her voice mail. I left a message. Then I notice that I had voice mail. Lana had called back while Coach and I were sucking and fucking each other. She and her parents were going to visit her aunt and uncle over the weekend.

The school year was winding down rapidly towards graduation. When it got to final test week, the seniors got some breaks. We had a couple of free afternoons. I went over to Kenny's place. No one answered the doorbell so I went around to the side door and ran the bell there. I was rather surprised when Eva, Kenny's big sister opened the door.

"Hi, Gary. If you've come to see Kenny, he's not here."

"Oh. O.K. I'll call him later."

"He'll be gone until late afternoon."

"Thanks, Eva. I just hoped to catch him at home. I should have called first."

"No problem. You may come in and wait, if you wish. I was planning on doing some swimming and sunbathing. Would you like to swim?"

I looked at her. I hadn't noticed she was wearing a short robe and had a couple of towels over her arm.

"Uh, that'd be great, but I didn't bring my suit."

"Wear one of Kenny's. I'm sure you could find one in his room."

"Uh, I rather not go into his room without, uh, you know."

"O.K. I'll get you a suit. Follow me." I followed Eva upstairs. Her robe rode up. From what I could see, she had a rather nice looking ass that was covered by a rather skimpy bikini. She went into Kenny's room and pulled a suit out of a dresser drawer. "Here. You can change in the pool house."

I followed her downstairs and out to the pool. She busied herself with covering a chaise lounge with the towels. I went into the pool house and changed. I couldn't help but get a hard-on while thinking about this was where Kenny and I sucked Chuck's and Gene's cocks. I was glad Kenny wore boxer style swimsuits.

When I got back to the poolside, Eva, who was sitting on a lounge, was rubbing suntan lotion on her legs. "Would you be a sweetheart and put some lotion on my back?"

"Sure." She turned over onto her stomach and untied the string to her top. I rubbed some suntan lotion on my hands and carefully rubbed her shoulders. She reached behind herself and pushed her bikini bottom down until the top of her ass crack appeared. 

"Uh, are you finished with your college studies already?" I decided I'd better talk or something as I worked my way down her back.

She pushed herself up on her elbows, "No, finals aren't for two more weeks. I decided I needed a little break away from school. It was o.k. with my professors since all I have due is a couple of papers and I'm working on them here."

I wanted to run my finger down into her ass crack. And I noticed the top of her bikini fell away from her breasts. I hoped she didn't see my hard-on. "Uh, that sounds like a good idea." I rubbed lotion on the small of her back and I stopped just short of her bikini bottom.

"Thanks," Eva laid back down. She stretched out and closed her eyes. I decided to swim some laps – lots of laps.

I must have been swimming and floating for fifteen or twenty minutes when Eva came over and sat on the edge of the pool. She dangled her feet in the water. "What are you planning on doing after you graduate next week?"

"I'm not sure, Eva. I need to get more than a summer job."

"Aren't you going to college?" She splashed water about with her feet.

"Uh, I'm thinking about a trade school or community college. I don't think I'm cut out for the university like you are."

Eva smiled at me. "I think you'd do fine there." She splashed me with water kicked up by her feet. I scooped water with my hands and splashed her back. She laughed as we splashed each other until I got a hold of one of her feet.

"Oh! Please don't pull me in! I don't want to get my hair wet!"

I was between her knees and my hand was on her calf. For some reason, I kissed the inside of her knee. I looked up at her. Instead of moving away, Eva smiled and draped her other foot over my shoulder. I kissed her lower thigh. She put her foot behind my head and pulled me closer. I kissed her on the thigh again. Only this time it was a little closer to her crotch.

She moved so both of her legs rested on my shoulders. I kissed the soft inside of her thigh. My cheek rubbed against her crotch. I looked up her. She smiled then ran the tip of her tongue around her lips. I kissed the crotch of her bikini then looked up at her again. She smiled and spread her thighs open. I licked her pussy through the thin fabric of the bikini.

Eva reached down and pushed the fabric covering her pussy to one side. I licked and kissed the edge of her pussy and the crease between her thigh and pussy. She touched my head.

"Let's go inside."

I got out of the pool. Eva dried her legs then she helped dry my back. I followed her across the patio to the house. We went upstairs to her bedroom. She didn't close the door. Once inside, she sat of the edge of the bed.

"Come here. You look like you have something trapped inside your suit and it is struggling to get out."

I looked down. My hard cock was bulging the front of the suit. Eva rolled the suit waistband down and untied the drawstring. My erect cock sprang up as she pushed the suit down my legs.

She looked at it then up at me. "Now where were we? Oh, yes. I think you were trying to eat a piece of hair pie through the wrapper." Eva stood. "Let's unwrap it." She put her thumbs in the waistband of her bikini bottom and began to push it down.

"Let me help." I got on my knees in front of her. Together we rolled the bikini down her legs. As she stepped out of it, she scooted it across the floor to where my swimsuit lay. Eva was standing in front of me with her legs together. I put my hands on her hips. I kissed her belly just above her pubic hair. She stepped back and sat on the edge of the bed again.

I put a hand on one of her knees. Eva opened her knees slightly. I kissed the inside of one knee then the other. She spread her legs wider as I kissed my up the inside of her thighs. My cheek brushed her pussy hair as I licked the creases between her thighs and her pussy. Eva splayed her legs.

I looked up at her. She was watching me as I leaned forward and licked her pussy. Eva's pussy hair was the same sandy brown color as the hair on Kenny's cock and balls. While Kenny's cock and balls were covered with bushy curls, Eva's pussy hair was neatly trimmed.

Eva gasped a little as I pressed my nose against her pussy. I liked her musky smell. The little gasp became a long sigh as I ran my nose, followed by my tongue, up the edge of her puffy pussy lips. Eva lay back on the bed as she raised one leg and draped it over my shoulder. I spread her outer pussy lips with my thumbs. Her inner lips where slick and shiny. I began to lick and kiss the pussy of my suck and fuck buddy's sister.

"Life is strange," I thought to myself, "My girlfriend, Lana, and I can't get into each other's pants. All we've been able to do is grope each other inside our clothes. And we haven't even done much of that lately and here I am with my face buried in another woman's pussy. And I've enjoyed sex with both of my girlfriend's parents."

Eva was rotating her hips a little. I slowly worked my tongue up and down her pussy lips. I kissed, licked and gently tugged them as I deliberately avoided her clitoris.

Laura, Lana's Mom, said to never rush while eating pussy. Coach, er, Bubbie, said the same thing about sucking cock. Never rush. Make it long and leisurely and enjoyable for both of you. And I, right now, I think I enjoyed eating pussy almost as much as I enjoyed sucking cock.

Eva rotated her hips faster as I tongue fucked her and eagerly lapped up her pussy juices. I worked my way to her hard clit. She put her hand on the back of my head as I flicked her clit with the tip of my tongue. Eva began to moan when I sucked her clit like it was a little cock. She began to buck her hips as I slipped a finger into her pussy and as I sucked and rubbed the flat of my tongue over her clit.

As she rotated and bucked her hips, she used her hands to push my face into her pussy. Eva began to squeal softly. I continued to massage her clit with my tongue. Her thighs were quivering. I moved a hand to her stomach. It was twitching. My hand slid towards her breasts. Eva still was wearing the bikini top. She released her hands from my head and held my hand.

I was able to take a deep breath that was filled with the scent of a hot, lusty woman. Eva locked her ankles behind my head. Suddenly her body got rigid and she squeezed my face into her crotch. I licked and sucked her whole pussy and tongue fucked her until she relaxed.

I stood, then collapsed onto the bed. We rolled around until we were both fully on the bed. I lay on my back. Eva lay with her head on my shoulder. I put my arms around her and held her as we quietly laid together.

Eva stirred and kissed me on the neck. Her hand slipped down my stomach and her fingers touched my semi-flaccid cock. I gently stroked her back and shoulders as she fondled my cock. I tried to unfasten her bikini top with one hand.

Eva stopped fondling me and pushed herself up so she was leaning over my face. She lowered her lips to mine. We kissed. After we broke the kiss, Eva ran her fingers across my face as she whispered, "That was nice. I enjoyed it. Did you?"

"My pleasure." I touched the bikini top. "Let's take this off."

"No, please."

"Why? I'd like to kiss and suck your breasts, if I may."

"I don't like my breasts. They're not round and firm."

"So?"

"They're like pointy cones. I don't think they are beautiful."

"I like licking ice cream cones. I bet your breasts are beautiful." I reached around to her back and unfastened the snap. Eva covered her breasts with her hands as the bikini top fell away. "Oh, don't cover them. Lean over my face so I can kiss them."

She got up on her knees, placed her hands on either side of my shoulders and leaned over so her breasts hung over my face. She looked down at me as I kissed each nipple. Eva had enough of a suntan so the skin on her chest contrasted with the white skin of her breasts.
