 Summary: Straight guy sucks three strangers' cocks for sister-in-law. 

Thanks to: Tex Beethoven, Robert, goamz86, Dave and Wayne for editing this story. 

Although this story can likely be read on its own, reading the first part will probably be useful. But in case it helps, here is a summary of Exploring Sexuality: A Pegging: Ben gets intrigued by the idea of sucking a cock, which leads to exploring his curiosity with online erotica, which leads to his learning about pegging. This leads to telling his wife about his new fantasies, but she isn't comfortable with the idea of participating, and thus he uses toys to explore. Then one fateful night, with the shocking permission of his wife, he is pegged by his very attractive sister-in-law. 

This story continues just minutes later as he leaves his sister-in-law's house and heads to a hotel. 

Exploring Sexuality: Cock Sucking 

I was driving to the hotel, replaying the surreal evening just past that had accomplished the following: 

-I had made my pegging fantasy come true (albeit at the hands and cock of my sister-in-law with the permission of my wife) 

-I also learned my wife had a secret lesbian past... one that seemed, if dripping innuendo could be interpreted with any accuracy, to have included lesbian encounters with her sister (which was hot as hell... and yet unbelievable... well, unbelievable before I experienced what had transpired just minutes ago. And that last bit would still be unbelievable if it hadn't actually happened.) 

Although I had now been pegged for the first time, sucked a cock for the first time (albeit a fake one), had eaten my sister-in-law's pussy with my wife's permission, received a stocking-clad foot job, was dominated and treated like a slut, and had given my sister-in-law a facial... after all these things, the one thing that I could not put out of my mind was the recently-learned fact that my sweet, confident, intense, wife had a lesbian past. And some of that lesbian past had been with her sister Sabrina... the same Sabrina who had just pegged me and done all those other things! 

It just didn't seem possible. 

Oh yeah... I haven't mentioned the part where, at the time when my wife Kendra had been with her sister Sabrina, she had been whole-heartedly the submissive in a very Domme-sub sexual relationship. 

Yet, I also in a million, billion, trillion years couldn't have imagined a scenario where she would verbally not only give me permission to have sexual relations with another woman, especially her own sister, but would actually insist that I do it! 

Yet, that had just happened. 

In other words, everything I thought I knew was wrong. 

I had tried to get more information from my sister-in-law about the past, but she had only said she had probably already revealed way too much. 

Then my phone rang. 

It was my wife. 

I pressed talk and hit speakerphone. 

"Hi," I said with trepidation... the typical reaction in the aftermath of such a life-altering moment. 

"Hey," she said, seeming to be feeling as awkward as I was. 

Then silence. 

Finally, she said, sounding nervous, "So that was weird, huh?" 

"Very unexpected," I answered, not sure what else to say. 

More silence. 

"Did you enjoy it?" She asked. 

The question seemed laced with kryptonite. The truth was it was amazing. Sabrina seemed to know exactly what I secretly needed sexually. Yet, I didn't love her, I loved my wife and the consequences of a decision we had made together was now a potential powder keg... the unknown and unspoken clearly in the air. 

"The pegging was pretty intense," I answered, keeping the answer as neutral as possible. 

'"Was it all you imagined?" 

"I really had no idea what to expect, but yes it was all I had imagined," I admitted, before adding, "I would rather have done it with you, sweetheart." 

Surprising me, she apologized. "I'm sorry." 

"About what?" I asked, surprised by an apology... my wife was not known for offering apologies even when she was completely wrong and knew it. 

"I should have been the one to peg you," she said. "Now I've opened Pandora's box." 

"I'm confused," I admitted... not an unusual thing for me in my marriage. In truth, every time I thought I had figured my wife out, I soon learned I didn't know a damn thing. 

"I imagine it has been a confusing night," she laughed awkwardly. 

"That's an understatement," I chuckled back, happy we could laugh about it. 

"Sabrina can be pretty intense and I think I may have reopened a door I thought had closed and nailed shut completely, back when I married you," she said. 

"What's this really about, Kendra?" I asked, trying slyly to learn more about her secret past while amused at the thought that Sabrina had 'nailed' me. 

"It's a long story," she answered vaguely. 

"I'm pulling into the hotel parking lot now," I said. "Can I call you back in fifteen minutes?" 

"No, I'm exhausted and I have an early meeting with the principal and a parent," she said, and I knew very well not to attempt a serious conversation when she was tired. 

"Okay," I said, disappointed not to learn any more about her decision to allow this evening to happen, or about her secret past. "I'd be lying if I said I wasn't curious about how tonight came about, and to understand some of the inferences your sister made." 

"I promise I'll tell you my entire sordid past, sweetheart, but I'd much rather do that in person." 

"Okay. By the way, your sister is expecting me to stop by on my way back home tomorrow," I revealed, curious about her reaction. 

"That doesn't surprise me," she sighed. "I have definitely opened Pandora's Box." 

"These cryptic answers are only adding to my curiosity," I said. 

"I know, I know," she said. "But I'm too tired and emotional to have a rational conversation about this at the moment." 

"Okay," I reluctantly agreed. "I'll call you once my meeting tomorrow is done." 

"Okay," she agreed. "I love you, Ben." I wasn't comfortable with that. Her tone of voice implied an insecurity that I hadn't detected in her since just before the birth of our first child ten years ago. At that time she had suddenly had a panic attack about being a mother. While she was growing up, her own mother had often left Kendra alone for long periods of time while she had been doing who knew what, leaving Kendra feeling abandoned and unloved, and Kendra was terrified she would turn out to be just the same for her own kids. Kendra wasn't at all comfortable right now and my heart went out to her, but this was not the time to address something that was obviously so stressful for her. At the moment there wasn't much I could do. 

"I love you too, Kendra," I simply replied, before making a point of promising, "we will deal with Pandora's Box together." 

This made her laugh softly. "Just be warned darling, you may be in for more surprises." 

"More than you allowing your sister to peg me?" I asked. 

"That might be only the tip of the iceberg," she warned. 

I wondered if she knew about her sister's intentions to have me suck a cock tomorrow. "This is a very ambiguous conversation." 

"Sorry," she yawned. "I'll tell you everything tomorrow. As soon as we're together." 

"Okay, I love you," I repeated, wanting to comfort her as best I could from three hours away. 

"I love you too," she said. 

"Sweet dreams," I said, like I always did every night. 

"You too," she said and hung up. 

Oddly, as I went to check in, I knew I actually had more questions now than I'd had before we talked. 

Why did she really allow this episode with her sister to happen? 

What secrets from her past had she been hiding all these years, and why in particular had she felt the need to hide them from a husband that she was obviously still in love with? Unless the incestuous innuendo was true... 

What role did her sister, who had invited Kendra to move in with her while Kendra had been attending college, have in this secretive past? 

Was my wife once a lesbian? 

What did she mean by Pandora's Box? 

How could an evening as outrageous as this one had been possibly be just the tip of any conceivable iceberg? 

And questions Kendra would not have answers to: 

Did I really want to suck a real cock? 

Was Sabrina really planning to spit roast me? 

If so, would she orchestrate these two potential events with or without Kendra's knowledge and consent? 

At the moment, now that Sabrina had achieved my pegging orgasm, I felt guilt over my sexual weakness and the impact it could have on my marriage. 

The bottom line was that I was utterly confused and exhausted. 

I checked in, brushed my teeth and crashed in minutes deciding I would deal with tomorrow... tomorrow. 

... 

Trying to focus on the meeting was difficult. 

The final words from my sister-in-law at the end of our evening together kept replaying in my head like a broken record. 

"And if it's about your wife, don't worry. She was my submissive pussy munching slut before, and she will be again." 

I needed to have a conversation with my wife. 

I also, unfortunately, couldn't help but remember, in vivid detail, the intense euphoria of being pegged and the complete and fulfilling verbal humiliation at the hands of my beautiful and dominant sister-in-law. I had loved both. 

I longed to feel her fucking my ass again and making me her bitch. And although the idea was nerve wracking, the idea that she may provide cock for me to suck today if I went to her home was a powerful mixture of both excitement and trepidation. 

My cock was hard all day at each of three recurring sexual fantasies that played back to back, endlessly: 

-my wife being a submissive pussy muncher to her sister and my getting to watch 

-Sabrina pegging me again with a bigger strap-on cock 

-sucking a cock 

Around two I got a text from Sabrina. 

These are your three finalists. 

I clicked on the image and it was a close-up picture of a cock. I was in a meeting so I quickly made excuses and exited out, not wanting anyone besides me to see a dick picture on my phone. 

But I really wanted to see those cocks. Needing a private setting, I headed to the bathroom. Once alone in a stall, I looked at each picture. 

Each cock was big 

Each cock was hard. 

Each cock seemed to be calling my name. 

I flipped back and forth between all three very different cocks, feeling like a judge at a very unusual beauty pageant. 

One contestant was long, but thin. 

A second contestant was smaller, but crazy thick. 

The third was in between the two, but with a wicked curve up. Instantly, I wondered if that one would stimulate the prostate better. 

I shook my head. I wasn't going to be fucked by a guy, I was just going to suck a guy. 

I shook my head again. I wasn't even convinced I wanted to suck a cock... although seeing the three hard cocks did have me curious as hell and my mouth was watering. 

Another text from Sabrina: 

Here is one more last minute option. 

The fourth picture had my mouth drop in awe. It was a black cock. And if this was an example of the average black guy, the rumours of black guys having huge cocks were true. It was easily double my length. 

Another text: 

Which one should I have ready for you when you come over? 

I didn't respond. 

Instead, I texted my wife. 

Can you talk?????????? 

Another text from Sabrina who was clearly serious about yesterday's promise of me sucking a guy: 

What time will you be done? 

So you can eat some man cum? 

Hehe... that rhymed. 

God, she was aggressive, which turned me on even more. As I now knew I was such a submissive, she was pushing all my buttons. 

I called my wife. 

No answer. 

Fuck! 

Did I want to be pegged again? God, yeah. 

Did I want to suck cock? I wasn't sure. 

I knew that if I went to Sabrina's she would make the decision for me and I wouldn't be strong enough to disobey her. Plus, I'd be lying if I said the idea of sucking a cock didn't appeal to me... especially that majestic black one. Although I couldn't fathom being able to even wrap my lips around its girth, never mind trying to take those ten plus inches sliding in and out of my mouth. 

So, I didn't respond and instead returned to my meeting... maybe she would take the hint. 

Barry, another member of my committee, asked, "Are you okay? You look a little flushed." 

"I'm okay, just dealing with in-law shit," I replied and couldn't help but smirk at my misleading answer. 

I felt my phone buzz a few more times during the next two hours, but I ignored it, and dealt with the official business at hand. 

When the meeting was done, I headed to my car and checked my messages. 

There were none from my wife, but twelve from Sabrina, as well as a missed call. 

I read the messages: 

So which one do you want? 

All four are available for you for dinner. 

Or maybe you want them all. 

Imagine sucking on one of those delicious cocks while I'm pounding that tight little asshole of yours! 

I don't like being ignored! 

Answer me! 

Your slut wife knows what happens when you disobey me! 

I'm going to punish that asshole. 

I'm going to make your wife my submissive slut again. 

I'm going to give you all the cock you can handle. 

Then after half an hour of no texts, two recent ones: 

I chose for you. 

Get your fuck holes over here ASAP! Or else!! 

As I stared at the ultimatum, imagining her tone when saying it, my phone rang. 

It was my wife. 

I answered it. 

"How's it going?" she asked, even though her tone was very tentative. 

"Meeting's just ended," I answered, before adding, "Your sister wants me to come right over." 

"I know," she said. "I just got off the phone with her." 

"Did she say anything?" I asked, realizing that was the vaguest and dumbest question ever. 

"She said she had a big surprise for you," my wife responded. 

"Are you okay with that surprise?" I asked, the idea of sucking a cock now very exciting since the seed was planted... that huge black cock was engraved in my head. 

"It fits the rules we've agreed upon," my wife answered, surprising me. 

"Really?" I asked. 

"Do you want to?" she asked, each of us avoiding any specific words and speaking in generalities... in vagueness... although we both knew exactly what we were talking about. 

"Is it bad that part of me wants to?" I asked nervously. 

"I don't know," she answered, her tone dripping with vulnerability. 

"If you don't want me to, I won't," I said, meaning it. 

"As I said yesterday, we've opened Pandora's Box and this is just the beginning," she said. 

"What does that even mean?" I asked. Of course I knew that Pandora's Box obviously meant allowing her sister to peg me and now possibly setting me up to suck cock was the opening, but her implications of upcoming consequences were totally beyond me. I was totally adrift at sea with no rudder and no compass. 

"This conversation needs to be held face to face," she said. "I'm getting in the car. I'll be there in three hours." 

"Really?" I asked. 

I breathed a huge sigh of relief. Clarification and, if needed, forgiveness were on the way! "Okay, I'll go check in," I said. 

"No," she said. "Go to my sister's and," she paused for a good ten seconds, before saying the words I never had imagined I would hear emerging from my darling Kendra's lips, "suck a nice hard cock." 

"Kendra!" I gasped. 

"I already agreed to allow you to suck cock if you want to," she reminded me. "It's part of the existing deal." 

"Really?" I asked, surprise compounding surprise. 

"Just do it. We both know you want to, and Sabrina is not going to let this go," she explained, before adding, "And, my darling husband, I've just texted her to tell her you're on your way. Do not disappoint her!" 

"What about Pandora's Box?" I asked. 

"That decision has already been made and now we will both have to live with the consequences," she said, before adding, "And I'm beginning to think that the box really needed to be opened." 

"I never wanted my twisted fantasies to put us in a compromising situation or risk our marriage," I said, "I love you more than any sexual pleasure. And that is only fleeting anyway." 

"Nothing you said or did caused this to happen. I made an executive decision and I allowed it to happen, I opened Pandora's box," she continued, before adding, "and I didn't just do it for you, I also did it for me." 

"You wanted Sabrina to peg me?!" 

"What I wanted and what I still want is for you to live out your fantasies, my darling. The Pandora's Box part is that since I'm opening some doors for you, it's also time for me to open some doors from my own past as well," she said. 

"That's still very cryptic," I pointed out. 

"Okay, I miss eating cunt," she said bluntly. 

"I think I just came in my pants," I joked, her blunt words not only shocking me, but also turning me on. 

"I'm pulling out of the driveway and heading your way." she said. "When I get there I'll tell you all about my past, including my sexual submission to countless girls and to my sister Sabrina. Once I get there, I'll tell you everything, and I'll be with you just as soon as I legally can, my darling." 

"Um, okay, sweetness," I agreed, really preferring to hear those stories now, even as I realized Sabrina's evocative words were not bullshit. 

"Bye," she said and then in a nasty way, "Now go and get your tight little asshole pounded while you're slobbering on a big dick." 

"Fuck, I love you," I laughed. 

"I love you too, baby-doll," she said, before adding, "now get over there and enjoy getting spit-roasted like a little slut." 

Before I could respond, she hung up... leaving me hard and still very bewildered. 

I texted Sabrina: 

On my way. 

Filled with excitement and trepidation, just two of the feelings swarming inside me, I drove to my sister-in-law's house... my dick trying to burst through my pants. 

When I got there, I took a deep breath and headed in to whatever my sister-in-law had in store for me. 

I knocked on the door. 

"Come in," Sabrina called. 

I walked in and Sabrina was dressed in a skirt and blouse, as if she had just gotten off work, and sitting across from her was a guy in scrubs. 

She said, "Cock sucker, this is Jake, Jake, this is cock sucker." 

My face instantly burned because of the derogatory term she had named me with in front of a stranger. 

Jake nodded, "Hey." 

I nodded, like guys do, trying to be casual, although that was impossible in this situation, "Hey." 

"So Jake here came straight from work to offer his cock to you," Sabrina said, deliberately making the awkward situation even more awkward. "Do you want it?" 

"Sabrina, please," I began, even as I wondered which of the three white cocks was his. 

"Don't beg me, beg him," she replied, ignoring my desperate tone of respect. 

"It's just... " I began, even as I felt my cock stirring. 

"Do you want to suck Jake's cock or not?" she asked. She then sighed exactly like my wife did when I annoyed her. 

"Um, well, yes, but," I tried to say. 

"No buts," she smirked, "except yours with my cock in it later if you're a good cock sucker. Now go to Jake and fish out your appetizer." 
